                  

Girl Scout Chronicles - 4
by DeeDee18 (deedeeo18@hotmail.com )

***

Jan and Sandy and Lisa meet at the break between camper 
sessions. (F/ff-teens, exh, orgy)

***

The days flew by as our girls became more proficient in 
many fields and qualified for various merit badges to 
wear proudly on their little sashes. Candy seemed to 
excel in everything and soon was looked up to as the 
camp leader among the smaller Scouts. This gave her 
many opportunities to perfect her other talents and 
took some of the pressure off me, as she seduced one 
after another of my little charges until our tent was a 
hot bed of activity after hours.

At the end of the four week period we sadly hugged our 
new found little friends, and among lots of sobs and 
tears waved to them as the bus roared around the circle 
and then out the camp entrance. The silence was almost 
deafening as the last of the loud goodbyes faded into 
the distance. Angie came over and hugged me and we 
walked back into the lodge to find Sandy.

She called us into the office and told Angie that her 
parents were in the valley and they were going to keep 
her company for the two days we had off before our next 
bunch arrived. She packed up some of her duds and then 
climbed into the waiting taxi to ride down into the 
town of San Bernardino at the base of the foothills.

I walked back to my empty tent and leaned back on my 
deck chair and listened to the birds and squirrels 
darting around in the thick foliage of the tall pines. 
As I dozed peacefully in the late morning heat, Sandy 
came walking down the trail. She came up onto the 
porch, and then sat on the railing and stared at me. I 
looked at her questioningly and she smiled, and then 
moved over behind my chair and started to rub my 
shoulders which felt really good as my neck muscles 
relaxed from her soothing touch.

"Are you missing your little buddies?" she asked.

I nodded and told her, "Yes, I am. I really got 
attached to them all in the short time they were here."

"I've been doing this for several seasons and it is 
always a letdown when each group leaves," She replied, 
as she slid her hands down off my shoulders and pushed 
gently on the upper slopes of my now swelling breasts. 
I gasped and laid my head back against her stomach as 
she slowly made little circles around my firm mounds, 
and then tugged gently on my erect nipples through the 
soft material of my camp blouse.

I shuddered as she reached down and began to unbutton 
the front of my shirt, easing each fastener out of its 
opening so slowly that I was squirming in anticipation 
under her fingers, and arching my back up so my stiff 
nipples could rub against her wrists.

When she opened the front of my blouse, dragging the 
material across my sensitive nerve endings in the ends 
of my nipples, I jerked and shivered as chills ran up 
and down my body. While she kneaded and tugged I 
moaned, and panted softly through my parted lips,

"Oh God, Sandy, you are making me soo wet! Please, 
squeeze and pull harder!"

I heard the rustle of her shorts sliding to the floor 
and then felt her naked firm breasts brushing against 
my head after she pulled her top off. She moved around 
to the side of my chair and pulled my blouse completely 
off, and then reached down over my quivering stomach to 
slide her fingers under the elastic waistband of my 
terry cloth shorts, while caressing my breasts with her 
other hand.

I gasped as her probing fingers finally found my wet 
lips and slid up and down until I was jerking all over 
the chair while holding onto the sides of the seat to 
keep from falling over on the deck. I started to reach 
up to her breasts and she shook her head and made me 
put my hands back on the seat.

"Just stay that way, honey, while I enjoy your sweet 
little body," she panted, as she licked her lips and 
ogled my trembling breasts and stomach. She kept moving 
her fingers as she pushed my shorts down with her wrist 
until I looked down to see the top of my glistening wet 
slit peeking over the top of the elastic.

She moved around in front of me and tugged my shorts 
down over my raised hips, and off over my feet, and 
threw them in the corner by her discarded clothes. Then 
she gently pried my shaking legs open and moved between 
them as she once again slid her fingers up into my 
sopping wet cunt. 

She leaned over and brushed her stiff nipples over my 
lips as I hungrily searched for the soft flesh to suck 
on. Finally she let me lock my puffy lips over one end 
and I sucked and licked as she fingered me, faster and 
faster, until I was gasping for air and screaming over 
and over from the extremely strong orgasms wracking my 
sweaty little body,

"God, I'm cumming so hard, unh, unh, unh, oh Sandy, I'm 
gushing all over your hand! Shove your fingers deeper, 
pleeeease! Oh, shit, I'm cumming again! Oh fuck 
meeeeeee! Pull on my tits, harder, harder! Fuck me 
faster, faster, unh, unh, unh, oh God Sandeeeee!"

Finally she pulled her wet fingers out of my hot little 
cunt and I whimpered around her wet nipple when she 
pulled my mouth away from her soft skin. She moaned in 
my face as she kissed me deeply, intertwining her soft 
tongue with mine. I reached up to cup those beautiful 
round globes in front of me, and I ran my fingers over 
the puckered texture of her stiff elongated nipples.

She gasped and panted into my mouth as I slid my hand 
down to her silky black cunt hair, already glistening 
with her juices. I ran my fingers around and around 
over her swollen clit while she moaned more and moved 
her hips in a fucking motion against my hand. Then I 
shoved my fingers up her cunt and curled one back 
against the inside front which made her jerk and gasp 
loudly when the sensations shot through her from her G 
spot nerve endings that I was stroking.

I fucked her faster and faster, and she kept panting, 
over and over, in my mouth, "Oh, you sweet adorable 
little doll. I've wanted you since we met at the 
airport, and your naked breasts under your camp blouse 
have been driving me wild for the past four weeks. Oh, 
God, fuck me Jan, shove your whole little hand up my 
drenched cunt and fuck me hard! Yesssss, like that! Oh 
God I'm gonna' cum, honey. Faster baby, fuck me, fuck 
me, fuck meeeee!" she screamed, as her juices shot out 
of her hot hole all over my arm.

Sandy kept fucking my hand until she shook hard, and 
clenched her inner vaginal muscles tight around my 
fingers, as orgasm after orgasm wracked her trembling 
body!

Finally she sank slowly to her knees in front of me and 
laid her face on my lap, gasping and panting as she 
tried to catch her breath.

Then she turned her face so her lips brushed across my 
smooth cunt lips. She bit gently on my clit and sucked 
and I jerked up off the chair as my own orgasm raced 
up and down my body. I shuddered and bit my lower lip 
to keep from screaming as the sweat poured off my 
quivering little legs. Sandy continued to tongue me and 
lick me until I was completely consumed by the wild 
feelings tearing me apart!

When I opened my eyes she was wiping my face with her 
shirt and cooing to me like my mom used to do after we 
had sex when I was little. I threw my arms around her 
neck and mashed my nipples into her big breasts and 
hugged her tightly as we kissed and clung to each 
other.

I stood up and went over to put my clothes back on, 
but Sandy came over and pulled them out of my hands 
and said, "There's nobody in camp except you and me 
sweetie, so forget about the clothes. Lets go up to the 
pool and cool off by skinny dipping, okay?"

I gasped in shock at the thought of roaming around the 
compound stark naked, and chills ran up my spine as I 
became more aroused at the thought than I ever would 
have believed possible. I nodded numbly and she took my 
hand as we walked on the mat of soft pine needles on 
the trail up to the lodge area, and then over to the 
pool enclosure. It felt so intoxicating to be out in 
the open, undressed, where anyone could drive up at any 
time and see my stiff little nipples and swollen puffy 
little cunt lips!

I watched Sandy's breasts sway as she walked beside me, 
and she looked over and grinned when she saw the look 
of lust on my face, and the sweat forming on my upper 
lip

"You horny little thing, you want more already?" she 
laughed.

"God, Sandy, you make me so hot looking at you naked 
beside me that I want to eat you so bad I can taste 
it!" I panted, as I licked my dry lips with my tongue, 
and felt the moisture seeping out of my sore little 
cunt.

We entered the pool area and she pulled the big air 
donut that the kids used to float on out of the 
storeroom and laid in on the surface. 

"Why don't you lay on that while I do some pool 
maintenance, like checking the Ph and setting up the 
roaming filter thing," She said.

I stretched out spread eagled on the rubber float and 
leaned my head back and closed my eyes as I drifted on 
the small current created by the filter system shooting 
water out of the side jets. It was soo peaceful that I 
drifted off and dreamed about being fucked by my lover 
Angie at home on the wet grass beside the driveway.

Sandy watched as she vacuumed the pool. She told me 
later when I awakened that I had been moving my hips up 
and down while I caressed my breasts in my sleep. 
Apparently I was really into my dream as I bucked more 
and more and threw my head back and forth while moaning 
and panting. She said I then moved my hands between my 
legs and finger fucked myself furiously as I came in my 
sleep all over the smooth surface of the rubber float.

I woke up in a sticky pool of my cum and rolled off 
into the cool water to rinse it off my sweat soaked 
body. Sandy was giggling as she watched, and I looked 
at her questioningly as she related her story to me. I 
blushed and dove under the surface to sweep my hair 
back out of my eyes and then came up on the side by 
where she was pushing the long vacuum handle back and 
forth over the bottom of the pool.

As I floated there with my arms resting on the pool 
deck edge I could feel the water jet forcing bubbling 
water into my parted cunt lips and teasing my clit as I 
moved my hips back and forth under the strong flow. I 
clutched the pool side as the current ran up from my 
cunt to my nipples, which I was rubbing against the 
tile along the edge of the coping.

Sandy watched me with her mouth hanging open and her 
tongue running back and forth over her lips. Then she 
set the handle on the deck and slid into the pool and 
moved around behind me. I felt her big breasts poking 
me in the back as she ran her fingers up and down the 
crack in my butt and teased my little puckered hole. 
Her finger slid gently into my rear end until I felt 
her start to fuck my anus as the water surged into my 
cunt from the front and drove me wild!

I shrieked as I jerked against the pool wall and held 
on for dear life as Sandy fingered me to a crushing 
orgasm that hit so hard that I lost my bearings and 
feinted as she clutched me and held me up in the 
swirling water. 

I came around quickly in the cool water, and began to 
hump the jet as Sandy's fingering aroused me yet again. 
The cycle repeated itself over and over as Sandy humped 
her clit against my buns causing her to climax again 
and again with me.

When I was thoroughly drained we pulled ourselves up on 
the deck and lay there soaking up the warm sun and 
gasping for air.

We were still lying there when Lisa, the winter 
caretaker's daughter, walked in and stopped dead in her 
tracks, with her eyes as big as saucers and her mouth 
gaping open. I spotted her first, and then Sandy looked 
up and jumped to her feet, and grabbed a towel, and 
wrapped it around her real fast as she blushed from 
head to toe. I had already been caught humping the 
railing on my porch in front of the girl so I wasn't 
the least bit embarrassed, and I just stretched and 
spread my legs wide as I raised my hips up slightly, so 
Lisa got a really good look at my puffy cunt lips and 
swollen breasts.

She just stood there and ogled me openly as she panted. 
She reached down to rub her mound through the overalls 
that she was wearing, as she slid her other hand into 
the opening in the top of her outfit to squeeze one of 
her perfect little breasts through the thin tee that 
she was wearing as a layer under the work suit.

Sandy moved over behind her and slid her hands into the 
opening too and pushed Lisa's fingers into the soft 
mounds as a little moan escaped through her parted 
lips. She was still staring right at me transfixed, as 
Sandy reached up to unhook the straps holding the bib 
over her breasts and then she pulled the top down so I 
could see Lisa playing with her nipples. She didn't 
even move her eyes as Sandy pulled her tee off over her 
red hair and I gasped when I saw the cute breasts with 
the strawberry like tips jutting from her smooth chest.

I opened my legs even further and pulled my outer lips 
open on my cunt to show Lisa the inner folds and my 
swollen clit peeking out. She gasped and I saw a dark 
spot forming in the front of her overalls as Sandy kept 
guiding Lisa's hands all over her breasts and nipples.

I slowly got up and moved in close to Lisa and pressed 
my hot naked little body up against hers. She moaned as 
Sandy slid her overalls down over her flaring hips and 
pulled them off over her boots. I stepped back to look 
and I could see the wet pink panties that had been 
covering the protruding mound between Lisa's legs, as 
Sandy slowly tugged them down around her ankles. 

I pulled the girl to me and mashed my lips on hers and 
thrust my tongue deep into her panting mouth, as she 
shuddered and trembled with desire for me. She threw 
her arms around my neck and ground her wet little cunt 
hard against my thigh as I grabbed her cute buns and 
kneaded the firm flesh. It only took a minute before 
Lisa was cuming all over my leg and sucking hard on my 
mouth as she jerked and heaved between Sandy's body and 
mine.

When we parted her eyes were glazed and out of focus so 
I shook her gently until she came back to earth. She 
sighed as she once more kissed me passionately and 
moaned in my mouth. Then she started shoving her 
fingers up my cunt and I gasped as she pulled upwards 
hard and pushed on my clit with her thumb. She finger 
fucked me so hard that I was screaming and panting loud 
enough for it to echo up and down the valley of Camp 
River Glen. 

Sandy tried to quiet me down but I was lost and jerking 
harder, and screaming over and over for Lisa to fuck me 
harder, and harder, until I stiffened and cum shot out 
of my steaming cunt and splashed on the pool deck and 
on our feet. Then I turned my head and kissed Sandy 
while Lisa fingered me, until I had another orgasm and 
shrieked again.

We finally slid into the cool pool water and swam 
around to calm our jittery nerve endings. I was 
trembling so bad that I had to be lifted out of the 
pool by both girls. My legs gave way and I sank to the 
deck totally exhausted from the day's wild gyrations. 
We all lay there until the sun slowly dropped behind 
the trees and the deer came out to graze in the cool 
evening air. 

We went into the lodge, still naked and had some dinner 
while we rehashed the fun time we had just had. I 
couldn't take my eyes off the neatly trimmed red hair 
on Lisa's cute little cunt and I kept touching her clit 
and running my fingers up and down her moist slit while 
we talked.

Sandy just smiled and pulled on her own nipples as she 
watched us play with each other.

After dinner we decided to go down to the town to a 
drive in theatre to see a new movie with Tom Cruise. 
Sandy pulled on her cutoffs and Lisa yanked her 
overalls up and buckled the straps without any 
underwear so I could see the rise of her perfect little 
breasts sticking out of the openings, and her naked 
sides down to where the loose bottom part hung on her 
well built body. 

I had my little spaghetti strap sundress for special 
occasions with me so I pulled it on over my naked body, 
too. Knowing we were all naked under our clothes made 
me horny all over again and I could feel the moisture 
forming on my cunt lips once more as we piled into 
Sandy's pickup for the ride down the mountainside.

When we reached the valley Sandy went into the liquor 
store and bought a bottle of wine for us to all share 
as we watched the film, then we drove into the drive-in 
and parked near the back so we could giggle and horse 
around without bothering anyone. 

The movie wasn't that good so we watched the other cars 
as people made out and fucked so hard that their 
vehicles were bouncing all over the place. The wine 
soon had us giddy, and I was trying to get inside 
Lisa's overalls as Sandy grabbed her from the other 
side. She slapped at us playfully, but we could see she 
was getting turned on from our tickling and grabbing 
her all over her hot body.

Evidently Lisa hadn't had much booze before because her 
speech began to slur and her face got all flushed. I 
unbuckled the straps on her shoulder next to me as 
Sandy undid the other one. Lisa had left her boots back 
at camp and was bare footed so we easily slipped her 
overalls off so she was leaning back on the seat naked 
between us. She closed her eyes and moaned as we ran 
our hands all up and down her quivering body.

Then she reached over to me and slid her hand up my 
little sundress and rubbed around my swollen clit in 
little circles until I was squirming in my seat. Sandy 
pulled her shorts off and Lisa grabbed her silky haired 
cunt and did the same to her as she was already doing 
to me.

We increased our fondling until Lisa was throwing her 
head back and forth and gasping as she bucked her naked 
hips up off the pickup seat. I jammed my fingers up her 
hot little cunt while Sandy yanked on her stiff nipples 
until she was jerking all over the bench seat slipping 
in her own juices which by now were pouring out of her 
hot little hole, and creating sucking sounds as I 
finger fucked her faster and faster.

Then she stiffened and grabbed both of our cunts as the 
orgasm surged up through her wine inflamed body and 
caused her stomach to contract and release over and 
over as the vibrations just kept on coming, again, and 
again, and again, until she couldn't stand it any more 
and collapsed on my shoulder in a swoon.

We opened the door and carried her to the back and laid 
her in the bed of the pickup so the cool air would 
revive her. I looked around nervously at the other cars 
but everyone else was too busy doing their thing to 
notice two naked girls carrying another around the 
truck. Then Sandy and I climbed back up into the 
pickup, leaving the doors wide open to cool the cab 
interior, and drank the rest of the wine as we giggled 
looking back at Lisa spread eagled in a drunken stupor 
in the truck bed.

Sandy put her cup in the holder and turned to me.

"Come here, little Jan. I'm going to lick your sweet 
little cunt and suck your sweet juices out when you cum 
in my mouth," she panted, as she pushed me back flat on 
the seat, and pulled my legs apart, and then slid down 
on the wet seat so her mouth was on my cunt lips, and 
her legs were sticking out of the drivers door. 

I raised up on my elbows and looked down over her back at 
the swells of her rear end and the long silky black 
hair cascading over her shoulders and back, and 
shuddered as her tongue slid into my wet little 
opening.

She sucked and licked and bit until I was going nuts, 
and lying with my head hanging out the door and 
clutching my breasts in a death grip as the impending 
orgasm slowly built in my little body.

I wasn't expecting it when it hit and I jerked my hips 
in the air and clenched my thighs around Sandy's head 
tight as she sucked my clit and fingered my cunt faster 
and faster, making my body quiver and shake and vibrate 
as I exploded in a tremendous orgasm, flooding Sandy's 
licking tongue and face!

She slid up on my sweat soaked body and kissed me as 
the juices continued to leak out of my cunt onto the 
vinyl seat. I raised my knee and pressed my thigh 
against Sandy's wet cunt lips and started bouncing her 
up and down as they parted and her clit expanded and 
rubbed on my leg. She panted in my ear as she strained 
against me and humped my leg until she too came hard on 
my thigh.

We lay there as the breeze blew across the seat through 
the open doors and cooled our hot bodies, kissing and 
loving each other tenderly in the afterglow of out 
torrid love making. Finally we sat up and pulled on our 
clothes. Than we went around and pulled Lisa's still 
passed out body out of the pickup bed and put her 
between us as we drove from the movie lot and headed 
back up the mountain road to the camp.

When we arrived we pulled out some sleeping bags and 
mattresses and placed Lisa between us and sacked out on 
the lodge floor in a tangle of arms and legs and fell 
asleep.



