The Magician.

I chatted with a guy who called himself the Magician. We tossed ideas around and then he turned really sexy and got me off unusually fast. He sure knew how to sweet talk; said he used to work for a phone sex group, and he definitely knew the right things to say to push me over the edge.

Anyway, as I dozed off later in the morning, on the couch with a throw blanket over me, in my shorts and little crop top, I had the strangest dream, evidently brought on by the earlier chatting.

I was on a dimly lit stage with a dais in the middle illuminated by a bright spot light and covered by a black silk sheet. I was wearing a see through tube dress of the thinnest silky fabric that was teasing my skin as I slowly walked over toward the man in the mask who was standing with his arms at his sides, holding a two foot wand that looked like a huge penis in each hand.

He nodded toward the platform and I slowly lay down and stretched out on my back with my arms over my head which hiked my dress up to where my cunt lips were just peeking out below the hem. My breasts were throbbing in anticipation and my extended nipples made little mountains in the fabric tightly covering my chest. I looked over at the masked man as he came near and waved the wands back and forth while chanting some eerie mantra.

Suddenly I felt my body rise up off the dais and I was suspended in mid air and I felt soft fingerlike touches all around my body as if the air was a living breathing entity holding me in its embrace. It felt like millions of little vibrators were running all over my body. I felt a tingling sensation on my scalp as my hair streamed out in a fan. 

The Magician moved the wands again and my arms felt like someone was pulling them out to the sides, and my ankles had invisible hands wrapped around them slowly spreading my legs open wider and wider. The living air softly blew up between my legs and I gasped as moisture began to seep out of my now swelling cunt lips.

With a swirl of the wands my body began to rotate as if I was on an invisible barbecue spit with my arms being slowly moved up until they were reaching above my head. Then I heard a click and looked up to see shining gold handcuffs tighten ever so slowly around my wrists as I continued to revolve floating in mid air.

The Magician moved closer and drew one baton down the length of my body and my dress split open as if a surgeon's scalpel had made a perfect incision from the top to the hem. The material fell away and pooled on the platform below me as I watched from above, now facing down over the stage. I could feel the soft brush of the air all over my body and my nerve endings were on fire.

There was a mirror on the back wall and I watched in amazement as my white skin shone in the spotlight as I very slowly made each revolution with my legs still spread wide and my wet cunt lips glistening as each new drop of my lubricating juices seeped out and ran down my slit

The invisible fingers ran up and down and began to gently probe my vagina and rear end, sliding up and down my crack and pushing at my little puckered opening, and then in between my cunt lips and up and down and flicking lightly on my clit as they passed on up my trembling flat stomach, pausing to run lightly around in my navel then moving again higher and higher tantalizingly slow, driving me wild. While one group seemed to be doing that, others were running through my hair and gently massaging my scalp as more played around  my ears, tickling my lobes and then down to my sensitive areas on my neck.. God it felt soooo good that I wanted to scream out my pleasure.

I saw the wands moving again and suddenly the fingers turned into soft pairs of disembodied lips which swirled in the air around me like little butterflies while slowly coming closer to my revolving body. I gasped at the touch when they all finally reached my hot skin and started kissing up and down, with little tongues shooting in and out and licking up and down.

They were all over me like a hive of bees and seemed to b everywhere at once. It was so awesome, and I was gasping and jerking around under their constant touching and sucking and licking and probing. It felt like a thousand girls were making love to me all at once, I loved it!

Then two pairs nuzzled the sensitive spot at the edge of my mouth and I turned as they slowly moved down and covered my lips and kissed me as their tongues danced around my inner lips and twined with my own. I panted and gasped for air as the waves of pleasure ran up and down my body. My skin never felt so alive and burning with raw lust. 

Just as I was about to have a huge orgasm they suddenly disappeared completely leaving me gasping and craving more. I watched the Magician to see what he had up his sleeve next as I shuddered when a little pre orgasm shock ran up my spine, and I bit my tongue to stave it off, I wanted more teasing and wanted it to last forever!

As I reached a rotation so I was facing once again down toward the floor, all motion stopped abruptly and it got very still. I waited, panting and sweating, as drops fell off and splattered on the dais sheets beneath me. I looked over at my reflection and watched as the masked man slowly raised one penis shaped rod and ran it up and down the underside of my body. I jerked at the touch and realized it was actually a big vibrator like the ones they use on that website `Hogtied' that I went into often, thinking I would like to go on that site and try it. As he continued to run the pulsating imitation cock up and down my slick skin I squirmed and jerked from the little vibrations teasing my every nerve ending.

As I panted and drooled and gasped he brought the other one up and started doing the same thing to the top of my body, so now he was teasing my breasts and nipples and clit with one and running the other over my back and in my crack and teasing my rear mercilessly.

He moved down then and standing between my spread legs slowly brought the wands together at the junction of my trembling legs and I bit my lip hard. God, what sensations were rolling up and down my little body! My cunt was on fire and my nipples were so hard! I felt a movement below my breasts and gasped as a pair of nipple clips with a gold chain between appeared out of nowhere and slowly rose to touch my stiff ends. Then I screamed as the clamps fastened themselves to my tender flesh. The pain was extreme and tears welled up in my eyes. But at that instant a new sensation shot through me as I felt one of the vibrating cocks touch my swollen little clit. The combination of the pain in my nipples and the tingle in my clit was awesome! I had never felt anything quite like it before.

Slowly I felt the big penis rod slide between my tight little cunt walls. It kept going up until I thought it would rip me open, and then it stopped. I looked in the mirror as my body once more rotated until I was face up and slowly sinking down toward the platform. When I was about a foot above I stopped and I looked down over my sweaty body as the Magician touched my puckered hole lightly sending shivers once again up my spine. Then he pushed and I screamed in agony, it hurt so badly.

Gradually he slid it in and out and the pain subsided and pleasure took its place as he fucked me in both holes with the huge vibrators. He would pull the front one out and run it over my clit and make me jerk then he would go back inside and turn up the vibrations and I went from high to low to high until I was trashing all over in the air and gasping and panting, "Oh, God! Fuck me, oh fuck me, please! God, that feels wild! Unh, Unh, Unh, oh God turn it off! Oh God I'm cumming!" I screeched as I jerked around and trembled as contractions tore me up one side and then the other.

This went on for what seemed an eternity, I had orgasm after orgasm and each time I came down he built me back up and I would go off again. I lost count and would almost black out at which time he would reach up and tug up on the chain between the nipples clips and I would scream and he would fuck me again until I gushed.

Then it got quiet as he eased the vibrators slowly out and once again he raised me up and I started to rotate in the air as the nipple chain made little clinking sounds with each rotation as it shifted on my sweaty chest between my sore swollen breasts.

I waited, thinking it surely was all over when suddenly a downpour of cool water came from above and washed my body clean and then the air blew warm and dried my worn out body.

The masked man folded his arms across his chest and I sank to the dais once more. I sat up slowly, so sore I could barely move, but so sated and feeling so alive that I couldn't believe it. Then like in those sci fi movies the Magician seemed to fade away from me into the glow and he disappeared.

I watched in awe as suddenly he came flashing back and stopped right in front of me. Then with a flourish he pulled a deck of cards out of his baggy sleeve and grinned and said "Pick a card, any card." I went into a giggle fit, and then uncontrolled laughter as he flashed away again and I woke myself up, still laughing so hard that tears were running down my cheeks.

I pulled the throw blanket off and got up off the couch and felt something odd, like a little tingle in my nipples. I pulled my crop top up and stared at the little gold chain running across between the tiny nipples clamps attached to my pink little nubs, and I fainted.
