


                 

Girl Scout Chronicles - 6
by DeeDee18 (deedeeo18@hotmail.com)

Author's note: This is a little fantasy that I have always entertained, please let me know what you think, okay?
***

The second session begins and Jan meets the twins. (ff-
teens, ped, exh, orgy)

***

We could hear the "Row, row, row your boat" round 
echoing across the valley as the big yellow bus 
lumbered into camp, bringing a whirlwind of dust, and 
new shiny faces staring out the open windows, raring to 
go for the second four week session of the summer.

Angie and I watched as the new bunch jumped off the 
bottom step and milled around in mass confusion, trying 
to find their bags and other gear as the driver threw 
them out of the luggage compartment under the side of 
the bus.

Sandy blew her whistle and silence settled over the 
scene as all faces turned our way to see what was going 
to happen next. We called out their names from the 
rosters on our clipboards and they lined up as had the 
last group. Then we marched off to the tents to get 
everybody situated.

I wandered among my new little girls scoping out their 
delightful little faces and bodies for possible 
candidates to replace my last two lovers, Nicky and 
Candy. Nobody stood out or was interested in me in the 
least, and I was really disappointed. 

"Guess this will be a boring four weeks," I muttered to 
myself under my breath, as I helped them unroll the 
mattresses that had been left from the last group on 
the metal spring frames. When they had their sleeping 
bags all set up we headed back to the lodge for 
orientation. On the way we were joined by Angie's group 
and everybody was chattering like little magpies as we 
walked along the trail.

Angie walked close beside me and whispered, "Hey, Jan, 
look at the twins I have this time in my bunch."

I turned as I walked and looked back down the rows 
until I spotted two 'look a-likes' holding hands and 
skipping along with the rest of the girls. They were 
so cute, with dimples and short blonde hair with 
tiny ringlets all over their heads. Freckles over 
little pug noses and bright blue eyes, combined with 
their obviously sprouting little breasts, were all it 
took for the moisture to start forming on my cunt lips.

I turned back to Ang and she was grinning at me 
knowingly as I panted softly.

"You want them, don't you, you little horn dog?" She 
laughed, as she punched me in the ribs and ran her 
tongue over her lips like she was licking my slit.

"God, wouldn't that be awesome to have two exactly 
alike to play with?" I panted, as we came out of the 
trees in front of the lodge.

"According to my sheet, they are identical twins, too, 
so you can't tell one from the other no matter how much 
you try."

"That kind of twins think the same thoughts too, don't 
they?" I asked, as we held the door for the girls to 
enter the hall.


"Yes, I think so, but so far I don't see any signs that 
they are interested in anyone but themselves. Guess 
we'll just have to wait and see hunh?" Angie replied, 
as we followed them in and then sat down in the last 
row to watch the proceedings.

I stared at the two girls as they sat side by side 
holding hands and looking at each other from time to 
time. Each time they did they would nod like something 
had passed between them in their minds. It was eerie! 
They were sitting in the next to the last row right in 
front of Angie and me. I saw one sneak a peek back at 
me for a split second, and the other nodded again as 
they both giggled.

I listened to the orientation speech and slowly my eyes 
closed and I dozed in the warm morning air, leaning my 
head on Angie's soft little shoulder, I was so tired 
from our loving the night before...

After the meeting we went back out to show them around 
and the two came close to me and looked up at me from 
both sides. I felt a chill run up my spine as I felt, 
not heard, a voice in my head saying, "Hello, sweet 
little lady. Would you like to play with us?" I stared 
at them in shock as they smiled, and then each reached 
out to take my hands in their little palms.

Angie was watching, as always, and grinned when she saw 
me shudder and tremble as I held onto the small 
fingers. She could tell I was smitten from clear across 
the compound. Several of the other girls were also 
watching as the twins ran their hands up and down my 
wrists and lower arms.

Then I felt the same sensation as I heard the voice 
say, "Let's go down the trail to the tent and play with 
each other, okay?" I shook with the feelings of pure 
lust that were emanating from the sweet little things 
holding my hands. I was so turned on that I immediately 
was soaking my cutoff shorts so a dark patch was 
forming on the front. They looked and nodded at each 
other again as they drew me away from the center of the 
camp and led me down the trail toward out tent.

Angie took over as I left so all the girls were talking 
to her and weren't aware of what we were doing. As we 
walked along thoughts kept edging into my brain of 
eating these girls little cunts, over and over, and 
them pulling on my nipples and licking me all over with 
their little pink tongues. It was an awesome sensation 
and I was about to cum in my pants when they pulled me 
off the trail and into a thick stand of trees.

They backed me up against a pine and started running 
their hands up my legs and sticking little fingers 
under the edge of my leg openings until I was gasping 
and panting with desire. Then they simultaneously 
reached over and unbuttoned my shorts and pulled the 
zipper down real slow so I was shaking all over wanting 
them to hurry and rape me right now!

I could hear them in my head discussing my cute little 
body and what all they were going to do to me and I 
started cumming on the spot. They both grabbed my 
shorts and yanked them down as my juices flooded over 
their small fingers. Then they reached up and took 
turns unbuttoning my camp blouse until I felt the cool 
air make my nipples start to swell. 

They tugged on the short sleeves and the top slid off 
my shoulders and fell to the pine needle covered ground 
beneath our feet. I kicked my shorts clear and then 
opened my shaking legs as the little fingers ran up and 
down, edging ever closer, but teasing me unmercifully, 
until I was shaking and shuddering and panting loudly 
for them to please finger my hot little cunt.

"You don't need to tell us, we already are reading your 
mind," I felt one say in my head, as I envisioned my 
cunt lips swelling and opening up so my hard clit would 
be exposed to their light touches.

I closed my eyes and saw them staring at my cunt and 
nipples and licking their little puffy lips in 
anticipation. Then I felt one soft mouth close over one 
of my stiff nipples and when the puckered skin rubbed 
over the little tongue I felt it on my own. What a turn 
on this was! It was as if I was making love to myself 
through them and I was totally absorbed in their 
thoughts as they sucked and nibbled and ran fingers in 
and out of my steaming hot little vagina.

My own fingertips felt wet and I could feel the tiny 
ridges of my inner cunt lips as if my hands were shoved 
up my wet slit instead of theirs. I held onto their 
little shoulders as they fingered me, and sucked on my 
aching breasts, until I screamed and bucked my hips 
against their fingers in a quaking orgasm. 

As I sagged against the rough bark of the tree trunk 
they both placed their other hands over my sweating 
rear end and ran fingers up and down my crack while 
they relentlessly fucked me with their other hands. 
Then they clamped me in a vice like grip and shoved 
fingers up my anus so I felt their fingers meeting 
through the thin membrane of my cunt walls.

I was going wild as they picked up their pace in unison 
until I was jerking and gasping over and over as my 
mouth hung open and saliva poured down my chin. I kept 
my eyes closed tight as I watched them in my mind 
staring at my writhing little body hungrily, and 
smiling at each other with lust as they worked me into 
a twitching heaving frenzy.

"We are fucking you, Jan, while we chew on your sweet 
nipples and caress your tight little rear and insides 
with our fingers," I felt them say, as I jerked once 
more and screamed again as my juices shot out and 
covered the little probing hands. My tongue tasted my 
own cum as one knelt and licked my cunt feverishly, 
sucking and drawing my clit away with her teeth while 
she drank my spurting moisture and swallowed all of it.

The other was yanking on my sore breasts and nipples 
and twisting her finger in my rear until I had yet 
another shock wave run up my body. This went on for 
what seemed forever as I came and came and came, 
screaming out each contraction and holding the blonde 
head tight against my mound, as she licked furiously 
and fucked me with her tongue.

I slowly sank down to the base of the tree as the twins 
looked down with grins on their faces and holding each 
others hands. I heard that now familiar voice saying, 
"Isn't she sexy sitting there with her shiny little 
cunt oozing cum onto the pine needles?" I stared into 
their eyes and sent back my own message thanking them 
profusely for the pleasure they had just given me. They 
smiled and reached down to help me up.

Then they slowly dressed me as I shivered from the 
electricity shooting through my nerve endings every 
time I felt the little fingernails graze my skin. I 
can't remember a time when I was so turned on from 
being dressed by someone! It was awesome and I was 
getting wet all over again.

They rubbed my nipples as they pulled the blouse closed 
and I trembled as my breasts swelled and ached. I could 
smell their sweet breath as they panted softly with 
glazed looks in their eyes as they buttoned each button 
and squeezed and tugged on my nipples as they smoothed 
the material over my chest. 

Then they had me step into my cutoffs and slowly pulled 
them up over my thighs and up to my waist. One 
continued to fondle my breasts while the other ran her 
hand all over my quaking tummy and down over my swollen 
cunt lips, which were still open to the air in the gap 
where my zipper was still unfastened.

"Oh God!" I panted, as I squirmed back and forth 
against the tree trunk.

"I'm gonna' cum again! You're driving me crazy with 
lust, you know that don't you? Oh, shit! I'm cumming! 
Ohmigod, your little hands feel so good stroking my 
cunt and nipples. Oh God, Oh God, Oh, God! I'm 
cummiiiiing!!" I screamed, as I bucked my hips out 
against the tiny hands and jerked as the contractions 
ran up and down my stomach!

I gushed on my shorts as the little fingers flew in and 
out of my hot little cunt. The pain from the tugging on 
my nipples only drove me wilder, and I couldn't breathe 
as I gasped and moaned as the orgasms kept coming over 
and over again. 

Then they started taking my clothes off again and 
pulled me down on the earth and fell on top of me 
smothering my sweaty body with their sweet little 
kisses all over. I felt the soft tongue slide up and 
down my wet cunt lips and I almost passed out from the 
extreme surge of pleasure running up my body.

I hugged them to me and pushed the little face deeper 
between my thighs as I sucked on the little pink tongue 
playing around in my gasping mouth. They were all over 
me and I was delirious with the orgasms racing through 
me! Over and over they rose and fell in ever increasing 
intensity as I rolled and jerked beneath the cute 
little girls.

One had a little summer dress on that buttoned up the 
front and I feverishly tugged until the front fell open 
to reveal a pair of little rosebud tipped breasts that 
took what was left of my breath away. Her smooth little 
slit felt like velvet as I slid my fingers over it. She 
moaned lightly as I inserted one finger into her 
opening and pushed gently on her little nub of a clit.

The other twin had a lip lock on my own cunt and was 
sucking me so hard I thought my clit would stick out a 
mile after she let up. It felt so good that I arched 
up toward her puffy little mouth and gasped as the 
little tip of her tongue slid in and out of my inner 
lips. When I erupted in her face I could feel the 
moisture on my own eyelids and screamed out another 
multiple orgasm as a result.

Finally they sat back up and looked at each other and 
smiled as they nodded. Then they once again helped me 
up and dressed me, only this time there was no delay 
since we could hear the other Scouts coming down the 
trail.

As we walked out of the grove of pines Angie looked me 
up and down and broke out in a giggling fit. She knew I 
had been fucked over by the twins by my red cheeks and 
my heaving chest. The rest of the group stared at me, 
too, and I covered my wet shorts with my hands as best 
I could as I dashed for the tent to change.

When I came back out all dressed in my fresh little 
sundress, the girls all ogled me openly. Guess they 
weren't expecting to have such a sexy little mother for 
their four week stay. The spaghetti straps just held 
the loose top on the tips of my nipples and the sun 
shining through the thin worn dress left little to 
their imagination, I suspected, since I was hearing 
little panting noises coming from several of the Scouts 
as they stared in awe at my firm little body.

Angie came over and put her arm over my shoulder and 
hugged me as she whispered in my ear, "Got a little, 
did you? You should see your face, it's beet red, Jan. 
Boy, what did they do to you in the trees?"

"Angie, you wouldn't believe me if I told you. It was 
really strange, they can read my mind or something, and 
I could feel and see everything they were doing even 
with my eyes closed!" I panted, as she licked my ear 
lobe.

"Wow! I'm going to have to try them on for size myself 
now, I'm getting hotter than all get out hearing about 
it," She replied.

We helped the girls clean up the tent areas and then 
went back up to the lodge for a snack. Then we all 
entered the pool area to get ready for the swim lessons 
to start. The Scouts had already changed before we left 
their tents so Angie and I stripped down in the 
counselors' tent again. As I pulled my dress over my 
head Angie ran her hands over my breasts and down into 
my still wet cunt.

I jerked and gasped at her fondling, and she grinned at 
me and fingered me, faster and faster, until I was so 
wet her fingers were making slurping sounds as they 
flew in and out.

"Angie! Quit honey, or I'm gonna' cum!" I panted, as I 
squirmed out of her grip.

'That was my plan, horn dog," She giggled, as I slid my 
bikini bottoms up and tied the side ties. She helped me 
tie the tiny patches that formed the top and then I 
helped her into her little outfit.

"God, Angie, you are getting so dark from being out in 
the sun. You look like a south sea islander with that 
tan," I laughed, as she pirouetted in front of me. I 
grabbed her tight little buns and squeezed as she 
yelped, and then she spun out of my hands and ran for 
the tent flap.

Sandy ogled me as always, and I could see she wanted to 
eat me as she walked with us to the pool side. We sat 
down and called the girls over for instructions. The 
twins stood right in front of me and gazed into my eyes 
as innocent as the day they were born. "Yeah, Right!" I 
thought, "You can fool all the rest but I know better." 

Then I heard the voice say, "Jan, we can see the 
outline of your cunt lips through the thin material of 
your bikini, and we want to lick you right here in 
front of everybody."

I shuddered, and Angie looked at me with one eyebrow 
raised. I looked back at her pleadingly as I leaned 
over and whispered, "They're doing it again, Ang, I can 
feel the raw lust in their bodies, it's driving me wild 
sitting here as they are raping me with their eyes!"

"Lean back on your elbows, Jan, it will make your mound 
stick up more and they will love it," she whispered 
back. I looked over at Sandy and she was watching the 
twins as one edged in between my legs and laid her 
forearms on my thighs and stared up into my eyes. I 
couldn't resist sliding forward until I felt her little 
hard nipples pushing against my thighs and her chin 
resting on top of her hands to hide the fact that she 
was pushing on my clit through the fabric. 

I pretended that I was teaching her to kick as she 
moved her little legs up and down in the water and held 
her body up by resting on my thighs. Angie reached over 
and pulled my legs open a little more so the girl could 
slide her little fingers under the small patch of cloth 
covering my slit. As she continued to stare into my 
eyes her little fingers slid up and down on my cunt 
lips until I was panting and trembling trying to 
disguise that I was about to cum in front of the whole 
group.

"You want to cum, you want to cum..." she imaged in my 
mind, as I gasped loudly, and Sandy opened her parted 
lips more as she panted along with me. "You want me to 
pull your bikini off so you are naked, and everyone 
will see your pink puffy little cunt dripping on the 
deck..." She made me see in my head.

"Oh God," I whispered, as I threw my head back and 
arched my hips up off the concrete. The twin smiled up 
at me as she pulled my suit down baring my cunt under 
her. She shoved her little fingers further up me, and 
pulled my outer lips wide, and then grabbed my swollen 
clit between her thumb and finger, and twirled, and 
tugged on it, until I couldn't stand it anymore. 

I clinched my thighs tight around her head and 
stiffened as the orgasm shot through my trembling body, 
and images flashed trough my brain of my tongue shoved 
far up my vagina and my juices running out the sides of 
my open mouth.

I lay there flat on my back gasping for air as Angie 
leaned over and kissed me, and ran her big fat tongue 
deep into my throat. I sucked on it greedily as the 
little girl between my legs sucked on me and probed my 
cunt with her tiny fingers.

The Scouts in the pool swam over to watch as Sandy sat 
down next to me and ran her hand down my thigh. The 
twin raised her wet mouth to smile at me and I looked 
back at her as visions of my naked body spread eagled 
on the deck while all the little scouts raped me 
repeatedly flashed across my minds eye. I knew what she 
and her sister wanted to happen and I was shaking from 
anticipation, as my nipples got bigger and my cunt lips 
swelled even more than before.

A hush fell over the pool as the little girls stared in 
awe at Sandy as she slowly untied the strings holding 
my bikini bottom on. While she was doing that Angie 
undid the tie in the middle of my breasts and the top 
loosened and slid open, just barely hanging on the 
puckered ends of my nipples. The next thing I knew all 
the Scouts were stripping their suits off and climbing 
out of the pool to attack my almost naked body.

I fought, but they quickly overpowered me and they 
grabbed my arms and legs and pulled me wide open as 
lips and tongues ran all over my trembling breasts and 
stomach and vagina. Then I saw a perfect little cunt 
descend on my mouth and I opened wide to suck on the 
tiny folds and little clit as she sat on my face. 

A small fist was up my cunt hole pumping in and out as 
a pair of teeth nipped at my hard clit. I was jerking 
all over the deck and sweat poured off my ravaged 
little body. I screamed and screamed and screamed as 
the orgasms banged into my cunt and tingled through my 
nipples and up and down my quaking stomach. I jerked my 
hips up and held them in the air as I strained to force 
the fist to move faster and deeper until I shrieked and 
passed out.

***

I faintly heard my name being called over and over as I 
came out of the fog in my mind. I opened my eyes as 
Angie looked at me worriedly. She pushed me gently up 
off her shoulder, as I looked around at the seated 
Scouts all staring at me in the back row.

"What happened to the pool and where are all the naked 
girls?" I whispered anxiously, as I blushed bright red.

"There aren't any here, you must have been dreaming, 
honey," She answered, as she grinned at the stain on 
the front of my cutoffs, "And from the looks of your 
shorts it must have been a doozy!" She giggled. 

I looked around again at all the gaping mouths and then 
saw the look on the twins' faces. They looked like the 
cat that ate the canary, grinning at me and nodding 
over and over to each other like they were talking in 
their minds. Then I felt an overpowering feeling of 
lust surge through my cunt and I gushed more into my 
already soaked shorts.

I grabbed a pillow off one of the chairs and held it in 
front of me as I tore out the door and ran for the 
counselors' tent to change. I slipped on another pair 
of cutoffs and returned to the lodge just in time to 
see everybody coming out. The twins came up to me and 
held my hands as they beamed up at me and 
whispered, "You were really awesome, you know?" 

Then they nodded at each other, released my trembling 
hands, and turned and walked away to join Angie and the 
rest of her charges.



