The Plane Trip, Part Four.

    We all walked back into the living room with the little Girl Scout still staring at my collar and loose tee shirt in awe. Kylie had me sit beside her on the couch and John and the girl sat in two matching arm chairs across the glass coffee table from us. The Scout opened up her list, where she had her orders all written down, and asked John for his name. He told her and she licked the pencil and painstakingly lettered in the space and entered the amount, glancing up constantly at Kylie and me furtively, trying to see Kylie rubbing little circles on my upper thigh right at the edge of the loose tee which just barely covered my puffy little cunt lips.

   When business was all taken care of John asked her if she wanted a soda, and she nodded and licked her lips, now staring openly as Kylie edged my shirt up more and more with her searching fingers.

   She pressed her little legs together tightly and asked Kylie in a quaking little voice, "Why does she have that collar on her neck with that chain you are holding in your hand? It makes her look like she is your dog or something."

   Kylie smiled as her fingers grazed the very edge of my slit, and I jumped and shuddered. "She is our new pet, and we can play with her all we want. Would you like to play with her, too?" The Scout shook slightly, and then nodded nervously.

  "Well, come around here and stand in front of her and play with her with me. I bet she will be a good little pet and let us rub her all over and tickle her like a dog. What is your name, sweetie?"

   She stammered as she cautiously moved around the glass table, "I'm Karen. I live up around the corner in the big house." She squeezed between the couch and the coffee table and Kylie opened my legs wide and pushed her over so she could stand in between them, which gave her a good look at my smooth pink cunt peeking out under the hem. She stared as sweat started to form on her upper lip, and I shivered as she reached out and tentatively laid her little hands on my trembling knees.

  Just then John came back in from the kitchen with the soda and almost dropped it when he saw what was going on. He sat back down in the chair and licked his lips and smiled as Kylie reached down and guided the Scout's hands slowly up my thighs while I panted and moaned. I started to reach down and Kylie grabbed my hands and told me to keep them by my sides or I would be severely punished. Then she once again held Karen's wrists as she guided the little fingers higher and higher until they, too, grazed the edge of my moist cunt lips and I jerked and gasped as more moisture seeped out and trickled down over the sensitive area below my vagina.

  Little Karen was getting turned on, too, as she was panting and biting her little puffy lips and trembling as she began to run her fingers up and down between my outer lips and over my swollen clit. Kylie kept guiding her hands higher and higher until the tee was up around my waist and Karen was almost drooling as her little mouth hung open, and she panted as she stroked my hot skin ever so softly.

  I shoved down hard on the couch cushions and gasped and groaned as they both teased me unmercifully, Kylie now reaching up under the loose tee and pulling on my stiff nipples and little Karen pushing ever deeper into my cunt with her fingers and staring at my swollen lips with her cute little mouth hanging open in pure lust.

 John moaned and rubbed his big cock through the material of his baggy shorts as he watched them driving me up the wall. "Take her tee shirt off, Kylie" he panted, "show me her swollen tits."

  Kylie reached over and pulled the top off over my head and I gasped as the cool air hit my stiff nipples. Karen gasped, too, and her eyes got real big as she ogled my swollen breasts with the stiff pink nipples standing out on the ends.

  "Honey, push your hand up her hot cunt," Kylie said, "Try to get your whole hand in her hot little opening."

  "Ohmigod! " Karen panted, "She's so wet I am slipping right up in her!"

   I jerked  and shuddered as I felt the little girls knuckles tease my cunt walls as she fisted me slowly, and then Kylie leaned down and sucked one of my nipples deep into her mouth and tongued the tip, and I shook and shivered at the tingles surging up and down my sweaty body. I threw my head back and closed my eyes as I gave myself over to the thrills running through me.

    The Scout fucked me faster and faster with her little fist as Kylie sucked and licked my nipples and face, and ran her tongue deep into my open mouth, and I screamed and arched my back up off the couch, "Oh God, Mistress, I'm about to come, please let me come? Oh God, I can't stand it any more, oh God, I'm cuuummiiiing!" I thrashed around as they pummeled me, and I screamed again and again as the multiple orgasms wracked my quaking body and I squirted juice all over the couch cushions and down the little Scout's arm.

   Karen watched in shock as I inundated her little arm. "What happened to her, did she pee?" she asked as she slowly pulled her fist out of my sopping wet vagina. Kylie laughed as I slowly sank down on the couch, "No, sweetie, that is just what happens to some girls when they have an orgasm. That means she loved what you did to her, okay?"

   She nodded as she watched the last drops ooze out and fall on the couch.  "Wow," she said, "That was awesome! Can I do it again? And make her squirt again like that?" Kylie laughed and pushed Karen's sweaty hair out of her flushed little face. 

   "Sure, you can, honey, but she has to rest for a second first, okay? You can't abuse your pet or they will not love you like ours does John and me, right pet?" Kylie said as she looked at me questioningly.

    I nodded and smiled as I pulled her soft mouth down on mine and panted softly, "Oh, God, I love you guys so much; I don't want to ever leave here. I want to be your slave and have you love me over and over until I can't stand it any more. I promise to make you and John happy always, so can I stay, please?"

  Kylie sighed and ran her tongue around over my lips as she said,  "You are going to stay here forever, you are now our slave and pet and we won't let you go even if you want to, understand?" I gasped and stared into her eyes and shivered when I realized that I was really trapped for the first time. "Oh God, what have I done?" I thought, as I trembled.

  John stood up and came over and pulled me up by the chain on my collar and kissed me as he shoved his hard penis against my mound through his shorts. He ground back and forth until I felt him shudder and a big wet spot formed on his pants as cum surged down his leg. Karen stared at John and he looked down at her and grinned, "Its okay, Karen, I just had my own orgasm, like our pet did. Guys shoot stuff out just like girls, only different."

  That seemed to satisfy her curiosity, and she picked her list up off the coffee table and thanked Kylie, and then looked back at me, still in awe, as she walked out the door. Kylie told her to come back soon and then closed the door and came back into the living room and sat back down on the moist couch. John sat beside her with me in between as they stared at my naked body making me nervous.

  "Kylie, what do you think we should have our pet do next?"

  "Well, John," Kylie answered, "Let her drink that soda to restore her fluids a little, and then I think she should masturbate on the coffee table for us while you fuck me, how about that?"

   "Sounds great to me," he said, as he kissed me and groped my sore breasts making me gasp and squirm, trying to get away. While he was doing that Kylie tickled my clit and ran her nails up and down my swollen little slit. When they let up I grabbed the soda and gulped it down fast, knowing I was in for it and better drink while I could.

  John went out into the garage and brought a plastic tarp in and spread it under the glass coffee table. Then Kylie got a bottle of baby oil out of the bathroom and dripped some on the glass top and spread it around with her hands so it was all covered with the slick fluid. Then she commanded me to lie down on my back and I slowly lowered myself down on the cool slippery surface. She told me to raise my arms over my head and I stretched out as she began to rub the oil on my body.

  John moved over behind her and fondled her firm breasts through her knit top, and dry humped her rear as he watched Kylie rub my breasts, and then down and up my legs and over my swelling cunt lips and clit until I was trembling with lust and shining in the sunlight coming in through the big bay windows.

  Kylie pulled her top off and slid her shorts and panties down and off over her bare feet, and then turned to John and stripped his tank top and baggy shorts off so they were both naked, and I gasped at the sexy couple before me and felt moisture begin to flow inside my cunt, and my nipples begin to stiffen even more.

  Then they both lay down on the couch and Kylie spread her legs wide as John lowered his cock down, and slid it up and down her slit while she squirmed and pushed back, until he slipped into her wet vagina and began to fuck her slowly.

 Kylie looked over at me and panted, "Fuck yourself, little pet, while John fucks me and watches you." I shuddered when she said that, and then slowly ran my hands over my swollen breasts and teased my nipples while I ran my eyes all over John's muscled body and ogled Kylies white body underneath his. The oil made my rubbery breasts and stiff nipples slippery and that turned me on terribly as I gradually slid down to my mound and pressed my clit. That sent a spasm up my body and I gasped and arched up off the glass as I trailed my fingers up and down my wet slit and then flicked my engorged clit over and over until it was sticking out hard as a rock and throbbing.

  John was staring at my body and fucking Kylie faster and faster as he moaned and groaned over and over, "That's it, slave. Fuck that gorgeous little cunt of yours. Do it! Now pull hard on your nipples! Take one hand and shove it under your ass and stuff your fingers up your butt, now!" he commanded, as Kylie gasped and panted and ogled my slick body. I shoved three fingers up my puckered hole and fingered my cunt and clit faster and faster while I looked at Kylie and she stared deep into my eyes so I could see her lusting after me as she fucked John, harder and harder.

  By now I was totally lost and fucking my hands furiously in both openings and making the coffee table shake and rattle under me. As John thrust in and out of Kylie I matched his motion and we went faster and faster as I gasped and panted, "Oh, God, John, fuck her! Fuck her hard! Fuck him back, Kylie, harder, harder, oh God my cunt is on fire, I'm gonna' cum, go John! Oh God come with me guys, noooooooooooooowwww!" I screamed, as I arched up off the slick table and jammed my fingers as far up into my holes as possible and clamped down on them. I jerked and shuddered as orgasmic waves ran up and down my heaving little body and the contractions yanked me around, while John gasped and shuddered and Kylie screamed as he shot cum deep into her box and she came all over his stiff cock. We flailed around as our bodies all were ripped up one side and down the other by our orgasms.

  Gradually we came back to reality and John kissed Kylie deeply and murmured in her mouth how much he loved her. I panted softly as my breathing returned to normal and my heart slowed back down. I watched them and Kylie reached out and grasped my hand and smiled over at my sweaty face as I lay there spread eagled on the sopping wet glass table top with my juices running over the edge and pooling on the plastic ground cloth underneath.

 Then they both got up and came over and lifted me up on my trembling little legs and hugged me between them as I cried for happy. They led me into the shower and we all soaped and rinsed under the warm water and then they both dried me off tenderly. They got dressed and then we went back out to the kitchen and they made me sit naked while we ate dinner and my nipples never did go back down, what with them ogling me all the time we ate.

  I washed the dishes and dried them while they ran their hands all over me until I was on fire again. Kylie laughed at my gasping and John grinned as he tugged on my nipples, enjoying watching me squirm and pant. They teased me some more and then finally let up and we went into the den to relax and watch movies on their big full wall HD television. They sat on the couch and made me lie on my stomach on the floor at their feet with my legs spread wide to show them my pink little cunt and puckered hole. John slid his toes into my sore cunt until I started dripping, and then fucked me with his foot until I came again, and I finally passed out from the extreme working over that I had received that day.

***

  They evidently had left me lying on the floor as I slept because I awakened to the sound of the doorbell with the morning sun warming my naked sore little body. I stood up and didn't hear any sounds from their bedroom so I went down the hall and opened the door. I  was in such a stupor from the day before that I didn't even realize I was naked until the young boy standing there staring at my body stuttered, "Good morning, Naked --, umm,-- uh, --uh,--uh,-- Miss! I'm T-T-T-Ted, and I'm selling Boy Scout raffle tickets so we can go to the jamboree back east, w-w-w-would you like to buy one?" 

  I smiled and reached out to take his trembling hand, and then I led him down the hall as I replied, "Sure, Ted. I'll go wake the lady of the house and see if she has some money to give you while you wait in the living room on the couch."  When he sat down he tried to hide the bulge in his Scout shorts and I giggled and wiggled my little butt at him as I turned and left the room.

  I walked down the hall and knocked softly on John and Kylie's bedroom door. Kylie called to me, "Get in here, pet, I'm horny this morning and need you to eat my pussy, bad!" I grinned as I opened the door and thought, "Wait until she finds out I have a little surprise waiting for her in the living room, she'll forget about me licking her real quick."

                        deedeeo18@hotmail.com

