------------DISCLAIMER STATEMENT---------------------
This is a sexually graphic story with adult content. 
You must be 21 years of age to read. The characters in 
this sexual fantasy story are imaginary, and are not a 
representation, in any manner, of any real world 
persons or groups or organizations.


NOTES FROM THE AUTHOR:
This story is based on a series of letters from a sissified 
male to the man who introduced him into sissy-hood.


Story Content: (TV/TG, M+/M, MF)

Letters To Rufus - #4
By: Es2c


	Dear Rufus,

	Yes, darling I'm writing you another letter.
	It's Monday evening and it's such a dreary rainy 
day.  Work was also dreary, but there was sunshine in 
my thoughts of you and me and mother and the events of 
this past weekend.
	I'm glad you took mother and I to work that gang bang at that 
private club last Saturday night.  It was good for us to have 
worked together, as we haven't done anything together in a while.
	She and I were so delighted to have taken care of the hard up 
group of 25 black club members.  It was indeed a memorable night 
for both of us.
	Mother really got turned on by the men calling her a `White 
Trash Ho'.  She said it made her feel even sexier and as a result 
she performed even more wantonly and in her words more `Whorish'.  
She really enjoyed sucking and getting fucked by all those 
seemingly ever-hard black guys.
	I was surprised at how many wanted to fuck me too after they 
found out I was a sissy whore.
	I'm getting ahead of myself darling.  What I 
really wanted to let you know was that you can't 
imagine how surprised mother and I were when you 
called us 11:00 PM last Friday night.
When you told us that you had an opportunity to 
make some good money fast if we'd turn a few tricks 
fast, I initially thought you wanted us to do a few 
blowjobs like I normally do for you darling.  But when 
you went on to tell me the rest of the story, I had to 
sit down.  You know, the part about how the 3 hookers 
got arrested who were suppose to go that bachelor 
party and suck off, and get fucked by 15 half drunk 
horny guys in their late twenties.
	I was a bit speechless, that's why I gave the 
phone to mother so you could explain what you wanted.
	Sure, mother and I knew you might want both of us 
to do some blowjobs on that following Saturday at some 
peepshows and some XXX theaters, but being at the 
mercy and captive in a room with 25 studs with alcohol 
reinforced hard-ons was a different matter.  However, 
mother was ready to say yes while I trying to gain my 
confidence. You'd been the only one to fuck me 
darling, and I just didn't know if I was ready for a 
gang bang fuck line.
	"Don't worry, dearie, maybe my 42 year old pussy 
can take up most of the slack and you won't have to 
take such a banging on your less experienced sissy 
cunt.  I'll also borrow one of you sissy pussy douche 
and fuck lube kits and get my ass ready too. Surely 
some of the guys wouldn't mind fucking a lady up her 
ass if he was in real need."  Mother told me with a 
very serious tone.  I could tell she was as serious as 
a heart attack about turning this party of tricks for 
you, Rufus darling.
	You were on the phone the whole time mother and I 
were talking.  After she'd pretty much said she was 
going whether or not I was game, I felt like I'd be 
letting you down darling if I didn't go.  Mother also 
implied that too.  When I got the same vibes from both 
of you, I made up my mind to do it.
	It was a flurry of activity since you were coming 
by top pick us up in about an hour.   We both rushed 
around getting all douched up and made up for our 
mother sissy debut as your whores.  I was somewhat 
nervous about the group accepting such an unusual 
substitution, but mother's words that you'd protect us 
did make me feel better.
	I was also glad that you wanted us to come 
prepared to get busy with their dicks and that we 
didn't have to dress so formally.  When you said you 
wanted me to wear a camisole, garter belt, crotchless 
G-string with a sack to hold my small cock and balls, 
makeup and a smile, I didn't believe you were serious.  
But you were.
	Mother was happy to be wearing the same thing 
except she didn't wear any panties and she liked the 
idea of her big tits being out.
	I didn't think mother would have much trouble 
getting guys to fuck her, after all, she's not that 
bad looking anyway, even though she's not the outgoing 
type, ordinarily that is. However, Rufus, I believed 
after you fucked her and have been continuing to do 
so, you've sparked a change in her, as well as me too 
for that matter.
	As we drove over to the party, I did feel better 
when you explained that the guys were so hard up they 
might be satisfied with us just giving them blowjobs.
	I was of course nervous when we walked in the 
large party suite at the hotel.  However, I felt 
relieved when one of the guys came over and put his 
arm around me and offered me a drink.  I felt even 
better when he started feeling on me and placed my 
hand on his crotch.  His bulge was very noticeable.  I 
felt weak about doing that in front of everyone even 
though most of the eyes were on mom and her 38-D tits.
	However, after I had a few sips of the strong 
punch, I settled down as the guy with me let me know 
that he'd always wanted to get sucked off by a sissy 
slut.  There was something in the tone of his voice 
that made me liked him calling me what he did.  I 
guess it's just my nature to be what I am.
	Moments later he had his stiffening meat out and 
I had my mouth open and in it went.  He was very hard 
and very hot to the touch too.  It didn't take much to 
see he was definitely hard up.
	Out the corner of my eye, I could see the crowd 
had circled mother and all three of her holes were 
filled as she was alternately also tending to about 
four jutting cocks of men standing in front of her. 
She was being fucked in her mouth, ass and cunt. At 
least we had half the dicks in the room on the road to 
getting off, I thought to myself.
	The big black dick in my mouth was a superb piece 
of manly meat.  I just knew he was going to blow my 
head off when he got ready to shoot, but I was happily 
anticipating his forceful ejaculate on my tongue and 
gums.  He shot off very strongly, and my, was it hot 
and gooey.  But, it was oh so delicious.  If all the 
guys were as full as he was, I knew mother and I were 
in for a filling night.
Rufus darling, I was glad you stayed the first 
hour, that is until things were going smoothly.  I 
don't know if was because of us or the fact they 
didn't pay you for us until the guys broke us in a 
bit, but it doesn't matter.  It was still good to have 
you around until the ice was broken and mother and I 
were working smoothly as a team.
After those first two guys creamed in my sissy 
pussy, I was okay then. 
After the first two guys humped my ass and mouth 
simultaneously, I got the hang and feel of being 
doubled fucked.
It was so rewarding to hear a few of the men say 
my sissy cunt was as good as a woman's pussy.
 I felt confident and very contented to have 
semen oozing from my sissy pussy and streaming down 
the inside of my thighs. I really felt so womanish in 
that condition.  The guys calling me all those sweet 
names also added to me feeling rather pussy-ish too. 
You know, names like "Sissy cunt"  "Fag pussy" "Queer 
cunt". It was such a great feeling, because wherever I 
looked someone had their dick ready to stick in either 
mother or me.
It was so delightful to be treated like a warm 
piece of meat for those fellows' hard dicks.  They 
liked treating us like fuck meat and we adored it, 
both mom and I.  It was good being treated like we 
were gutter whores.
I also really enjoyed sucking mom's cunt to keep 
it freshened up for the next dick that was to slid in 
her.  The guys really liked seeing me suck up that 
thick melded frothy dick slime that had been whipped 
up by the action of all the big dicks that'd been in 
her.
We were soon swimming in all the cum they gave us 
but it a rather delightful swim, as we told you when 
you picked us up the next morning guys had 
	It was also comforting to have three of the guys 
give us their phone numbers and tell us they might be 
interested in renting us out, me and mom as a team, 
for some future party fucking.  Of course we told them 
you're our manager and handle all the scheduling and 
money matters.
	Well Rufus, darling, it's getting late and I 
guess I need to get ready for bed and another grueling 
day at the salt mines - my job.  I'd much prefer being 
somewhere getting dicked for you. 
	Oh well, until next time, Goodnight darling.

	Yours with love,

Regina

PS, As usual, Mother sends her love too.


END OF LETTER #4

Will there be a Letter #5?  Don't know at this time.

Comments: es2c@hotmail.com



	
