------------DISCLAIMER STATEMENT--------------
August 2002
This is a sexually graphic story with adult 
content. You must be 21 years of age to read. 
The characters in this sexual fantasy story are 
imaginary, and are not a representation, in any 
manner, of any real world person or situation.
IN REAL LIFE PRACTICE SAFE SEX, NOT THE FANTASY 
THINGS DIPICTED IN THIS STORY.



TITLE: The Group - PART 3 (Chapters 5 & 6)
BY: Es2c

STORY CONTENT: (TV/TG, MM, Mdom, D/s, Wry Logic)

STORY SUMMARY: This fantasy story depicts experiences of 
Albert, a recent college graduate, who discovered months 
earlier, he had latent attractions to men who are well 
endowed.  He also discovered, with some help, that he finds 
an overwhelming joy from submissively submitting to men 
sexually.  It is a long time neighbor, Mr. Wilson, who has 
acted as a father figure in years past, who caused the 
graduate to discover those latent feelings.  Because of 
Albert's amicable and unassuming nature, Mr. Wilson 
continually mentors the graduate in the ways of sexual 
submission, and nurtures the graduate into having positive 
wholesome feelings about being sissified, submissive, 
subjugated, and dominated by men.  Albert, perceiving that 
it's natural for him to accept the path Mr. Wilson has 
guided him down, willingly slips deeper and deeper into a 
relationship, where Mr. Wilson becomes his dominant 
mentor/master.  In conjunction with other neighborhood men, 
they and Mr. Wilson eventually become known as The Group to 
Albert. Additionally, once Albert's mother discovers her 
less than masculine, soft, weakling of a mollycoddled son's 
situation, she comes to the realization that being a 
dominated sissy is best for him. 

AUTHOR'S NOTE: This story attempts to incorporate the 
erotic tonality from such classics as "The Story Of O" (By 
Pauline Reage) and "Philosophy In The Bedroom" (By DeSade), 
as well as from other writings of Leopole Von Sacher-Masoch 
(Masochism) and DeSade (Sadism). The objective is to fuse 
them into a fantasy story dealing with adult sissification, 
or male feminization, and Male Domination, without any 
extreme violence.  My goal is to glue it all together with 
a rich mixture of explicit and earthy erotic language, 
befitting the TV/TG story genre. 

CAST:
Albert/Alberta's Mother
Albert/Alberta - Son (Graduate)
The Group (Neighborhood Men):
Mr. Wilson
Mr. Mitchell
Mr. Lemson
Mr. Jones
Mr. Hudson

((((((((((((  CHP 5: BECOMING A WHORE )))))

	"Well Alberta, you've given me insight into how you 
got involved with the neighborhood men, or the Group, and 
what it's like being a sissy concubine for the 5 of them.  
Now lets move on to how you ended up becoming a whore for 
them?"
	"Well mother, that all started when Mr. Wilson's 
brother visited him.  I was offered to him for his sexual 
entertainment, while he was in town.  He's the doctor, 
remember?"
	"Yes I remember.  He provided the fuck lubricant.  Go 
on."
	"Well he was thrilled to have the chance to sex me, 
and so was I.  It was him that gave Mr. Wilson the idea of 
using me to make money to pay for the apartment rent and 
what was left over going toward my college expenses.  The 
others thought that a great idea and begin planning the 
operation based on their contacts in surrounding towns.  
The idea was never presented to me for my consideration. I 
was basically told that the men had decided that they were 
going to make me a whore and that was that. I was only 
assured that my clients, or "tricks" would be from 
surrounding towns so as to not cause me local embarrassment 
if I should become exposed.  Not only did I feel terrified 
at the thought of exposure, I felt more like chattel to the 
Group rather than someone special to them.
	"It was then that Mr. Wilson said that they would help 
to disguise me. Thinking this was all an elaborate joke, I 
let the men know that I didn't appreciate them talking 
about me as a whore. I told them it was degrading and 
dehumanizing to even jest about pimping me out.  "I'm your 
sissy woman, not a whore." I told them in a somewhat angry 
tone. It was then Mr. Wilson simply walked over, stood 
before me, and slapped me across the face.  I fell 
backwards into the chair I'd rose from.  I knew then that 
this was no joking matter. He stood over me and said:

"Alberta, Shut Up!  Now listen!  That's right, you're our 
sissy woman.  Our sissy bitch to use as we see fit.  And we 
see fit to have you whore for us. Remember! We are your men 
here. You promised to be my obedient sissy woman from the 
first time I fucked you, remember?"

"W-Well yes, b-but..." I tried to reply.

"No buts Alberta, remember you're the sissy and I'm the 
man.  Remember, you agreed that a sissy should obey his 
man?  Therefore, what I tell you to do, you do.  Your 
promise also applies to the other fellows in the group now, 
because I say so as your man.  You now answer to us men. 
Therefore, the fellows and me have decided you're to be a 
whore for us. End of discussion! UNDERSTAND?"

"Y-Yes sir." I meekly replied in response to his louder 
masculine bass laden voice.  I was lying back in the chair 
with his hand print on my face and terrified of what had 
happened. A moment later, the others in the group applauded 
Mr. Wilson for "putting the little sissy bitch in his 
place".  Mr. Lemson was the one who said that.  The others 
all agreed with him loudly as they mumbled among themselves 
about "My nerve to question them". They all gave me looks 
of utter contempt and disdain.  I then realized I had done 
something wrong.  I had angered them. Even though I felt 
betrayed by them, I became instantly fearful of the loss of 
their companionship.  They had disregarded me, and my 
feelings.  Feelings of me being special to them as their 
exclusive sissy for their private sexual use. Sure, Mr. 
Wilson loaned me to his brother, but that's not like any 
stranger who has a few dollars and a hard dick getting to 
pump his jism in me. Even though I had a feeling of being 
mistreated by the Group in their decision to whore me out, 
deep down, I still wanted to please them.  I wanted to be 
liked by them and to keep them happy.  I had often told 
them I would do whatever they asked of me.  I never thought 
it would come to this.  Now if I didn't honor the letter of 
my commitment, it would appear that it was I who was indeed 
wrong and not them.  They were simply being the masterful 
men they were and requiring me to live up to my pledge. 
Even though my self-reasoning enlightened me again that the 
men were within their rights to make such a demand of me, I 
nevertheless felt cheapened and not as special to them as 
before.  A kept sissy is one thing, but being a public 
sissy-whore was another, I thought to myself."
"It's just a natural conflict of your innate feeling 
of your need to please people versus what price is too 
steep to pay to be liked. But please go on dear, tell me 
what happened next."
	"You're right on the money mother.  That was my 
dilemma. Anyway, after the others departed, Mr. Wilson and 
I were now alone.  He called me over to the couch.  He knew 
I was upset, even though I had basically accepted the 
Group's ultimatum. We had another of our long talks. This 
is how the conversation went:

"Alberta, remember how upset you were when I unilaterally 
decided to share you with the other men in our group?"

"Y-Yes sir."

"Even though, we surprised you, remember how easy it was 
for you to adapt and accept that there would be four 
additional men you'd have to suck off and give your fine 
pussy-ass to?"

"W-Well yes, b-but I know all of you.  If I-I whore, I-I'll 
never know who t-the next man will be to use me.  You all 
are l-like husbands to me.  I-I want to be special to you 
all, not feel like a cheap whore.  I do h-have m-my  
pride."

"Yes you do. But that should be pride to be the best sissy 
you can be.  Right?"

"W-Well, uh, I-I never thought of it that way. I-I guess 
so."

"Of course you do.  You know there's no turning back now.  
The flower in you has bloom.  The sissy fruit has blossomed 
in you.  You like being the fruit you are.  Also Alberta, 
pride is the delight you get that arises from something 
you've done, or performed at, or a relationship you have 
attained.  You've done something delightful, you've 
embraced your sissyness, and you've learned to accept your 
effeminacy and use it to pleasure men's dicks very well.  
Aren't you proud of that?"

"I-I, w-well, uh, yes I-I am."

"Aren't you proud of the relationship you have with the 
Group?  You've said it's a special thing."

"W-Well, uh, y-yes sir, I-I have."

"Did you mean it or were you just leading us on?"

"N-No I-I meant it."

"The Group pleases you, don't we?"

"W-Well, Y-Yes sir.  You all do."

"We're real men, and because of that, we all know, 
including you, that we rank well above you.  You accept 
that you're beneath us as a sissy, right?"

"W-Well, I-I know I-I'm not your equal... a-and I-I'm not, 
uh, as s-strong as..."

"Alberta, stop pussy footing around and be honest with 
yourself.  Admit you're a pansy pantywaist that loves 
sucking slime out of real men's dicks.  You get off on 
feeding on real men's dick slime.  Men don't do that, do 
they?  Answer me!"

"N-No, uh, s-sir, t-they don't."

"Then you are beneath the men in the Group?"

"Y-You're right, M-Mr. Wilson, I-I am."

"Good, I'm glad you have the decency to at least be honest 
about your inferiority. That shows character Alberta, I'm 
proud of you for that.  Where are your manners? Aren't you 
going to thank me?"

"T-Thank y-you, sir."

"You're welcome. Now that's the kind of pride you should be 
concerned about, sissy pride.  As a sissy fag slut, you're 
focused on men and of course pleasing men such that you get 
what you want from them. Namely the feel of their dicks and 
their tasty hot cum, isn't that right Alberta?"

"I-I guess, uh, y-you're right, s-sir."

"Good!  I'm glad you didn't try to skirt around that.  Your 
answer shows you value integrity Alberta.  Now answer this, 
since you like dicks and creamy dick juice so much, why 
wouldn't you be proud of having men pay to give you what 
you seek anyway?  It would be less than smart not to do so, 
right?"

"Uh, I-I-I, w-well, y-yes. I-I guess I hadn't thought of it 
that way."

"Of course not, that's why we in the Group should do the 
thinking for you. A sissy whore should be a title of pride.  
Pride that men are willing to pay to put their dicks in 
you.  The men that pay to do so are exercising a value 
judgment that says this sissy is worth something for me to 
spend money to use him.  Wouldn't that make you feel pride 
at a man doing that to use your mouth and fine ass-pussy."

"I-I guess, uh, guess y-you're right... y-yes sir."

"I thought you would Alberta. Your greatest asset is in 
doing what real men tell you to do. I want you to remember 
that.  You know you perform your best work in the kitchen 
and bedroom for the Group.  These are your domains.  As a 
sissy, you're not a man or a woman.  You're simply a pair 
of soft warm fleshy holes where real men can bust their 
nuts and drain the sperm off their balls, that is, if they 
see fit to pleasure you with their dicks.  Being the sissy 
pantywaist you are, should you care where the dicks and 
semen comes from?  Or, whether we are profiting from you 
getting what you want and need?  Remember Alberta, I care a 
great deal about you.  The Group cares about you. You know 
that. If we didn't, do you think we would've given so much 
of our selves helping you as we have? Therefore Alberta 
because we do care so much about you; because we know 
what's best for you; and because we know what's best for 
the Group, it was decided that your being a sissy whore is 
the right thing for you and us at the moment. We, the 
entire Group, have agreed on this.  You have pledged to 
obey them through me.  Is your word good or not?"

"Y-Yes sir... It-It's good.  I-I'll obey."

"Then it's final! A done deal! You'll be our whore and sell 
yourself for us with pride and a smile. Understand?"

"Y-Yes sir... Mr. Wilson, uh, I-I will."

"Now repeat after me  "I'd love to be a whore for the 
group".

"I-I'd love t-to be a w-whore for the G-Group."

"Good, Alberta, very good.  Now I want you to apologize for 
questioning the group's judgment.  And I also want a 
promise that you'll be a good little sissy whore to your 
customers just like the slut you are to us in the group."  


	"He was a little strong on you sweetie, but he was 
right you know.  I assumed you apologized and promised to 
be a good little sissy-whore."
	"Yes ma'am.  I did. Yes, you're correct, he was a bit 
intense on me, but I've come to respect him for doing so, 
that is, showing me my faults, as well as reminding me of 
my place all at the same time.  He does go around the long 
way to explain things to me, but he gets his point across.  
Every time I've forgotten my place of subservience to the 
group, he helps me see how thankful I should be to them for 
permitting me to serve them as I do. I felt so embarrassed 
and ashamed of myself for my stupidity in questioning their 
decision to whore me out.
"I swore to myself that I would never question the 
Group's decisions again.  To make amends for my lack of 
trust and faith in their decision making, I knelt before 
Mr. Wilson.  I next kissed his crotch.  I looked up at him 
from the floor and apologized again.  I thanked him for all 
he had done for me, especially for introducing me the 
wonderful world of dick sucking. I also thanked him for 
nurturing and mentoring me to be a happier person, by 
assisting me in accepting and adapting to being a 
subservient and submissive sissy, as well as being 
permitted to give my self to this upstanding group of real 
men for their sexual utilization. I repeated to him about 
the error of my ways.  That is, to think that it was wrong 
for the Group to whore me out without my consent. I let him 
know that my only concern should've been when do I start 
making money for the group.  This is how the conversation 
went between he and I:


"Mr. Wilson, I really respect you and the other members of 
the Group.  I have a special love for you as one my "real 
man" lovers.  You're right, I was dead wrong to even get 
involved in the discussion or decision-making concerning my 
fate.  You're also correct, I should've learned my lesson 
when you unilaterally decided to share me with the 
neighbors. That lesson being, that you knew what was right 
for me then.  Now, you and these fine men have also 
unilaterally decided what you consider right and best for 
me.  Namely, that I'm to be shared with the public.  I'll 
be rented out for sissy sex for the profit and benefit of 
the group. I understand better know now that not only 
should I accept and adapt to this new role for me, but that 
I should be honored to do this for the group, and 
especially you. You and the others have helped me find a 
newfound happiness as an obedient sissy slut to the group. 
I have been honored to serve in this role for the pleasure 
and entertainment of the Group.  Instead of showing you my 
thanks for the Group allowing me to serve them in this 
fashion, I have repaid you and the group's kindness with 
disappointment, contempt and utter disrespect.  You all 
helped me find serenity through submission and subjugation 
to you all.  I've submitted to the needs, wants, and whims 
of the group, including the discipline and punishment you 
all have imposed on me at various times. I can say with out 
hesitation, that my life is the better for all you and the 
group have done for me.  My life now has real happiness and 
focus.  I felt so terrible when the men appeared angry at 
me tonight for my behavior.  Thank you for slapping me, I 
deserved it.  It hurt at first, but it did make me feel so 
much better.  I think maybe the other men should do the 
same, or maybe even whip me for my unruly behavior."

"Yes, Alberta, you were ill behaved and I think we all 
would feel better, including you, if we whipped you as part 
of your apology to us."

"As always, you're right Mr. Wilson. I would feel so much 
better and I believe my apology would show more sincerity 
if I present myself to be whipped.  And as you all have 
taught me, the pain I'll feel from all five of you beating 
on me is really inconsequential to my knowing I have been 
forgiven by you."

"You're so right Alberta, action speaks louder than words, 
just as does the sound of lashes to your rear as compared 
to mere words of an apology spoken by you.  I know I'm 
pleased at your act of contrition and I'm sure the others 
will be also."

"Oh thank you Mr. Wilson, thank you.  I know now I can't 
bear the thought of you or the other men being angry or 
upset at me. I always want to please you and the others in 
our group."

"Alberta, I recognized early on that in order for you to 
achieve happiness, you need to please others, both 
physically and mentally. By accepting the intensity and 
quantity of lashes as a measure of the forgiveness of the 
person lashing you, there can be no doubt that the person 
using the instrument of pain on you is ridding himself of  
anger and rage.  In addition, the venting of that anger 
caused by you is given back to you through physical 
exertion by the whipper. The whipper's anger decreases with 
each lash to your rear. Likewise, when you receive each 
lash and feel the pain you've caused, you can't help but 
feel better once the whipping stops.  After the whipping 
stops, so does the anger of the whipper subsides. Alberta, 
it took you a few whippings to fully understand this 
philosophy, but it's so gratifying to see that you now 
fully understand it well."

"Oh yes Mr. Wilson, I do.  I'll willingly give my ass to 
the Group to be whipped for my forgiveness.  Again I have 
to thank you so much for being my mentor and showing me so 
much about achieving happiness and never getting angry 
myself. I accept that I may have to help others get rid of 
their anger.  Anger that I may have inadvertently caused 
them. By letting them take it out on me as you described, I 
will have helped them get rid of it, by simply letting 
myself be whipped by them."

"Yes, Alberta, you explained it superbly."

"I can also tell when you all have forgiven me, that is, 
after the whippings you all have given me, by how rigid 
your dicks are.  Yours and the other men's cocks in the 
group have gotten some pretty hard after spanking or 
whipping on me.  Even though I was in pain, it was 
delightful to get myself stuffed with a hard dick right 
after the whipping stopped. To me that was a sure 
indication I'd been forgiven for any anger I caused."

"Again Alberta, an excellent assessment.  You've been an 
excellent student as we've come down this road of hard 
dicks, sissydom, and loving subjugation, where you've found 
much happiness.  It can only get better as you become a 
sissy whore for us."

"Mr. Wilson, I was thinking exactly the same thing. You and 
the others have told me what to do; how to do it; and when 
to do it, as well as have trained and taught me so much by 
using your hard dicks in me.  The group, and especially you 
Mr. Wilson, have not only aided me in seeing that my  
masculine inferiority is a strength, but have helped me use 
it to make me a better sissy woman for the group.  This can 
only benefit me in my new role as the group's whore.  I 
must say, it is sort of comforting to me that you all have 
confirmed that I don't have any decisions to make.  You 
all, as my real men will do so for me.  Therefore, as your 
faithful and obedient little sissy woman, I will obey."

"Yes Alberta, you must if you want to avoid creating anger 
in any of the 5 of us.  And you don't want to be the cause 
of creating anger do you?"

"Oh no, never."

"Good sissy, good sissy, Alberta."

"Thank you Mr. Wilson.  You know Mr. Wilson, you once told 
me that when hard dicks are in the same room with me, that 
I'm basically a walking body with two wanton and willing 
warm fuck holes for real men. You're so right.  I adore 
being gang banged as a sissy slut by the group.   
Therefore, being a whore for the Group can only be a 
positive experience as well as a natural broadening of my 
experiences and growth as a sissy.  You obviously saw and 
understood that.  I didn't.  Thank you for giving me this 
opportunity to be of use to you, the group, and to used and 
enjoyed by many strange horny men."


	"Well mother that was the end of that conversation 
with Mr. Wilson.  So you can see, I got over my hang-ups 
over being made a whore and learned in the process, that I 
was being selfish, silly, and stupid about the whole thing. 
I also better understood what the term co-dependent meant 
too."
	"How so sweetie?"
	"Well, I did think of refusing to become a whore for 
them.  It was a fleeting thought though. Because from the 
moment I knew they were serious, I knew I couldn't refuse 
them. It wasn't so much that I couldn't say no as much as I 
never wanted to be in a position to deny them whatever they 
wanted of me.  I wanted them to be happy with me. I 
realized I didn't want to be without what they were giving 
me."
	"What exactly are you saying dear?"
	"That I became aware how dependent I was on the men in 
the Group for my happiness.  They were responsible for 
showing me that servitude under their control was what I 
needed as a lowly sissy.  I learned from them the joy of 
being treated in a servile manner.  It made me happy 
because it made them happy, my real men, to treat me the 
way they did.  Hence, they needed me and I needed them and 
what they did for me.  Pure and simple mother, I was their 
sissy sex slave and maidservant and delighted in being used 
by them at their prerogative."
	"I see.  Go on dear, tell me more."
	"Well the more I thought about the difference between 
a slut and a whore, I concluded that a whore gets paid for 
what a slut basically gives away for pleasure and for free. 
The more I thought about it, it aroused me as I thought 
about men paying to shoot their hot bothersome jism in me."
"By the way my dear sweetie, did the whipping they 
gave you hurt badly?"
"No more than I deserved.  Each man took me across his 
lap as if I was a child being spanked. The others in the 
Group held my hands and feet, as I was being whipped. They 
beat my ass with a short whip that had about 6 hard leather 
strips.  I think they said it was a dog whip.  It really 
stung as they lashed me. My ass cheeks were a bit 
blistered, stripped and very sore for three days. However, 
all the marks cleared up after a week. But the consolation 
to me was that the daily nagging pain on my rear reminded 
me of my forgiveness by them.  As my relationship with the 
men returned to normal, they casually joked and laughed 
about their whipping of me, especially how I squirmed, 
cried relentlessly, and begged for mercy, as they showed 
none.  In a cavalier manner, they even admitted whipping me 
harder during some of my most passionate pleading for 
compassion and leniency. But seeing them so happy at having 
accepted my apology and forgiving me in the manner they 
did, warmed my heart immensely. To this day, over six 
months later, I often kiss them warmly, as well thank them 
profusely for their forgiveness when ever one them brings 
up me being whipped for not wanting to become a sissy-whore 
for the Group.  They usually embrace me and whisper 
something affectionate in my ear such as: "You won't soon 
be forgetting your place will you little sissy-whore, will 
you?"  I almost always respond sensuously with something 
like: "No darling I want, because I don't ever want my real 
men to be angry at me ever again."
"Mother, it means so much to me to have this warm, 
intimate, subordinate, subservient relationship with the 
men in the Group.  And even though I'm quite a whore now, 
our relationship seems stronger now than ever before. As 
I've said earlier, I don't feel cheapened by them 
transforming me into a whore.  I feel more enhanced as a 
sissy striving to be womanish." 
"Alberta, just as the scar that forms from a healed 
cut is stronger than the original skin, it appears that the  
earlier emotional crack, or perceived crack in your 
relationship with the Group, healed to a stronger bond than 
before. Dear your becoming a whore was like an unselfish 
expression of love on your part, while their severe 
whipping of you was a selfish act of love on the Group's 
part. Remember, in a relationship where one partner is 
better suited to always giving in and the other to 
demanding, that relationship is in natural balance. That's 
the way it is with you being the sissy and the Group being 
your real men and masters."
"Why mother, that is so... so philosophical.  Yes, 
that does describe, very eloquently, the relationship that 
exist between me and the Group.  "Natural balance", I 
really like that. I must remember that."	
  "You're welcome my dear submissive son, but another 
thing, I want to compliment you on is your "Thank you 
statement" to Mr. Wilson you described earlier.  It was so 
well stated, mature and articulate.  I can't help but be 
proud of you.  Come here you sweet little sissy whore and 
give your mommie a nice hug for being so courageous to 
admit you were mistaken, and to do the right things to 
atone for being wrong."
"Oh, thank you so much mother dearest.  That means so 
much coming from you, especially since I initially thought 
I'd failed you by succumbing to the sissy desires in me."
"Alberta, as I mentioned earlier, I had my suspicions 
about your sexual preferences in your teen years.  But now 
that is all behind us.  You're a full fledge sissy woman, 
and whore now.  That's all that counts.  I love you my son, 
no matter how much of a sissy whore you are.  I'm just 
tickled pink that Mr. Wilson and the other fine 
neighborhood men, helped you discover yourself as well."
	"Thanks again mother, and I too am glad that Mr. 
Wilson has stuck with me and guided me in the right 
direction.  Another thing I have to say is that even though 
I've turned a little over 300 tricks for the Group, I don't 
feel cheap like I envisioned I would originally.  In fact, 
the men tell me affectionately, I'm even more valuable to 
them than before.  Hearing them say that really makes me 
feel great." 
"By the way Alberta, tell me about the first Tricks 
you turned as a new whore for the Group?"

(((((((((((((( CHP 6: TURNING TRICKS ))))))))))))))))
	
	"The Group decided that my first set of tricks were to 
be turned in a motel in a city about 50 miles from here.  I 
was surprised they'd already lined up a dozen or so 
customers for me when I arrived.  Mr. Wilson drove me over 
to the motel.  Mr. Hudson and Mr. Jones were already there 
in the adjoining room of the two-room suite. I knew the 
idea was of them there was to protect and make me feel more 
comfortable.  I didn't find out until later that they were 
also video taping all the action too.
"As we drove, I expressed my nervousness to Mr. 
Wilson.  However, he quickly bolstered my confidence by 
giving me a nice pep talk as we drove, and had me all 
pepped up and full of reassurance by the time we arrived.  
He's such a wonderful man. 
	"When I returned home in the wee hours of the next 
morning, I was tired, but it was a very pleasurable 
tiredness and I felt like a new person. I was a bonafide 
sissy whore and very proud of it.  I was also excited at 
having been christened by the dicks and copious spurts of 
sperm of some 14 strange men or tricks, as the Group 
referred to my customers.
"Mother, it was so delightful being a fleshy fuck hole 
to these men.  Most just wanted me to suck their very hard 
dicks, many had me do them twice.  I of course enjoyed that 
immensely.
"The dicks were oh so different, but all were handsome 
and tasty.  However, there was some differences in the 
taste of the jism loads that were shot off in my mouth, but 
all of them were more alike than different. All the jism I 
ate was thick and rich.
	"I made $743 for the group on my first whorish outing.  
I felt good about that.  $43 of that was for tips from the 
Johns.  That really made me feel good about things too."
	"Tips, wow!  That was nice of your customers or 
Tricks, or Johns, whatever you call them dear."
	"I thought so too mother.  Another nice thing happened 
after we came back to the apartment.  The group thanked me 
by pulling a train on me. All five of them fucked me so 
sweetly.
"I thought that was so kind of them to do that for me.  
It really pleased me that they were gratified with my first 
outing as their whore."
"It certainly was different than any gesture of 
respect and affection I've heard of before.  However, for 
the special relationship you have with the Group, it was 
perfect. Them using you the way they did and still do, does 
represent a special partnering that is symbiotic and 
mutually beneficial. I'm sure their train pull made you 
even more tired, but it's apparent you thoroughly enjoyed 
it."
"I was tired out from being used by the 14 Johns and 
then the Group. But, I slept oh so contented that night."
### END OF PART 3 ###

