SleepWalking by Geek Writer
*******************************
Read the other stories to figure out where we are:)
Copyright 2002@ by ME!!!DON'T COPY PLEASE!!!
*******************************
So Far: I had started sleepwalking again like I had when I was a kid, my 36 yr old mother in law was staying with us, I had jerked off in front of her while I had been sleepwalking, my wife was leaving me, and I was fucking the shit out of her mom.
*******************************

She slid slowly off my big cock, the length and girth of it slowly withering away.  We had just had hot sex in the bottom of the shower and I had blown my nuts in my mother in law's cunt twice already.  Considering the amount of sex I had been having with my wife over the past several months, I was amazed I had lasted as long as I had.

She knelt down in front of me, waiting.  I sat back against the back of the shower, spreading my legs wide to allow her to clean me.  I watched as her head decended into my crotch, feeling her tongue lick the mingled sperm and girl-come from my cock.  She took long slow swipes along the sides and underneath, starting a slow burn in my groin.  I was staring over her bobbing head at her rounded ass cheeks, just thinking about what came next and how I was going to stab between her soft round globes them with my prong.  The stirring turned to a small fire as I felt my cock getting harder and harder.  When I was still partially limp, I threaded my hands into her hair, pulling roughly upwards.  Her open mouth still had spit dripping from it, the lusty look in her eyes told me that her role as a slave was turning her on.

"That was good slave, now get out and dry me off"
"Yes master" she whispered.  She stood up, holding a hand out to me, helping me to my feet as she shut off the water.  I opened the door and got out, waiting for her to follow.  When she picked up the towel and moved to dry me, I grabbed her wrist.  "That's for your hair, go to your room."

She nodded, saying nothing.  We went across the hallway into her room where she wrapped her hair up and dried it.  I folded my arms across my chest saying, "Lick me dry slave" when she finished with her hair.  She dropped the towel as she got down on her knees and began to lick my feet.  I have to admit it was a very powerful feeling having a beautiful woman licking your body.  She travelled up one leg, and down the other, coming back to my waist and moving up from there.  She paid a lot of attention to my nipples, making them hyper sensitive.  Once she got to my neck, I sat down on the bed.  I let her dry the rest of me off, finishing with the towel on my hair.  She kneeled before me on the floor, my cock a large hard thing between us.

"May I begin master?"
"You will begin when I am ready.  Play with your cunt.  I want to smell how much you want me to fuck you in the ass."

"Ooohhh yes master" she whimpered as she darted her hand down between her legs.  I stroked my pole slowly, taking in the scene.  She was laying on her back, her legs spread open before me.  Her big jugs rocked up and down as she fingered herself with one hand, and played with her clit with the other.  Her arms were pushing her tits together, some of the moisture from the shower still on her skin.  

"Get on the bed" I demanded.  She pulled her hands away, pushed herself up and climbed onto the bed.  I rearranged her position so that her head was hanging off the edge, and her knees were up.  She had full access to her pussy, and I had a clean shot at her tits.  As she began finger fucking herself once more, I reached down and put my hard cock between her warm, wet tits.  They were firm, and soft at the same time.  I used my hands to push them together, fully encasing my cock in her titflesh.

"Oh master, yes, yes master, fuck my tits.  Fuck your slaves tits master.  Ohhhhh" she moaned over and over as I fucked my cock in and out of her velvety tits.  The water from the shower, and the sweat from working herself over was creating a nice little sheathe for me to play in.  I could tell she was getting close, so I said, "Don't come until I tell you to!"  

She immediately slowed down her pace, her pussy giving off an erotic musky sent.  "Mmmmm, your pussy smells so good.  I'll bet you want me to fuck your pussy, don't you?"

"Oh no master, no.  I thought you wanted to stick it in my ass though.  I'll do whatever you command master."
"On your knees." I commanded.

She rolled over onto her stomach, put her knees near the edge of the bed, and stuck her ass up in the air.  Her arms came around and pulled her cheeks apart, exposing her puckered anus.  I spit in my left hand and wiped it across her asshole.  She shuddered, moaning loudly.  I worked the spit around her anus, prodding gently with a finger.  My cock was rock hard, standing straight up in expectation of what was going to happen.  I gradually wormed my finger into her, the muscles grudgingly letting my index finger into the first knuckle.  I turned my wrist back and forth, corkscrewing it into her while another finger ran around the ring of her hole.  The combined stimulation had the desired effect as I felt her muscles relax.  Looking underneath, I saw that one of her hands was playing with her clit.  I pulled my finger in and out of her a few times, her breath hissing from her mouth.  I could tell she liked it, and was trying to adjust.  We had a long way to go if my meaty fucker was ever going to get in her.  

I pushed a second finger and to my surprise, her anus relaxed and opened to accept both my fingers.  A long loud moan accompanied my inserted fingers, Julie was really warming up.

"Ooooohhhhhh gohhhhdddddd...Ooooooohhhhh OHH!" she wailed as I inserted a third finger.  Her muscles tried to tighten up, but I slipped my dick into her pussy, getting it all nice and slippery.  I bobbed the head in an inch or so, getting it slick and ready.  I pulled it out and fanned the fingers in her ass slightly, putting the head of my dick at her relaxed anus.  Her ass was nice and slippery, combined with the sperm and come from her cunt that was coating my cock.  I met some resistance at first, but I slid my fingers out as I popped the head of my dick in her.

"OH!" she yelled.  I let her anus clench around me, spasming in a really nice way just under the helmet of my dick.  The fingers on her cunt worked furiously, gradually arousing her to the point where her ass relaxed.  I put a hand on each cheek to keep them apart and pushed in slightly.  "Huh uh ungh!" she grunted as I pushed in another inch.  "Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck" she chanted, now moving her hips back into me.  I watched as my cock slowly disappeared inside her.  At around half way, I pulled back slowly, and pushed back slower, deepening my thrust by an inch or so.

"Fuhhh oh god...I am soooo uhhhh fulll...mmmmm.  Keep going.. fuck..Mmmmmm take it back and push it in me...Oh yeah!  Mmmm that's it."

"Do you like my cock in your ass mistress?" I asked in a meek tone.  She whipped her head around to look at me, her eyes flashing.

"Yessssssss, ooooooh yes I do you dirty little fucker.  Mmmmmmm" she moaned as I slid it back into her, almost all the way in now.
"Don't stop till you get it all the way in me.  Oh GOD my ass is full of meaty fuckin cock."  I finally bottomed out, my balls resting against her ass.

"I'm in mistress, all the way" I whispered softly.

"Fuck my ass, slave" she demanded, pulling her hips forward as I slid almost all the way out.  "OHHHHHH" we both moaned as I pushed all the way back into her.  I backed out again, and slid back in, my cock spearing into her bowels.  I could feel her relax even more as I picked up speed to the sound of my our thighs slapping together.

"Oh fuck that feels good, you are all the way in me, I can feel your cock all the way in me.  Don't fucking stop you dirty bastard.  You should be ashamed...Buttfucking your wife's mother.  Do you know know your wife came out of my cunt you naughty little thing?  Nnnngh oh god that feels good.  Oh yeah, fuck my ass...Fuck it!"

My cock was sliding in and out of her ass nicely now, tight and hot.  I let go of her cheeks and pulled her shoulders up, never losing my stride.  While my hips moved back and forth, I reached around and grabbed her tits.  She turned her head towards me, shoving her tongue in my mouth.  I was fucking my beautiful mother in law in the ass, grabbing and kneading her tits while she french kissed me.  She dropped her head, moaning loudly.

"Fuck my ass good baby, Fuck me good.  Momma's got plenty more for you if my dumbass daughter isn't going to take advantage of this.  Oh God, I love it!  Don't stop baby....My ass is so full, I want your hot come in it.  Come in my ass you beautiful man!"

I pinched both nipples, thrusting harder.  "Oh god I love it when you talk like that.  I'm gonna come in your ass, and it's gonna be a lot!"

"Uh huh!  Uh Huh!  OH!  I can FEEL IT!" she screamed, thrusting her ass back at me.  "OOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHH" we screamed simultaneously as I scalded her bowels with my hot cream.  She fell back down on the bed, shoving her hands into her cunt.  I could feel her fingers thrusting inside her cunt as she clenched around my dick.  I put my hands on her waist and gradually slowed down, finally slipping out of her.  Her asshole puckered back up as I took my cock out, looking down at it.  It wasn't dirty at all, well not much.  I took the towel and wrapped it around my waist and fell on the bed next to her.  She shuddered every few seconds, having small orgasms one after the other.

"Jesus..."
"No kidding!" I said.
"You are unreal!"
"Thanks" I chuckled, "it was unreal because of the inspiration..."
She exhaled loudly, draping her arms around me, lying across my chest.  She looked at me and said, "She's an idiot, and not just because of all that just happened.  I always knew that she'd find some way to fuck everything up with the only perfect man."
I smiled happily.  "You know what?"
"Hmmm?"
"We weren't meant to be together, and I think we both knew it."
She rolled over and sat up.  "Look, I don't want you to think that I want anything from you..." she began.

I put a finger on her lips to make her be quiet.  "Stand up." I said simply.
She looked puzzled, but did as I asked.
"Walk to the door," I said.
She turned her perfect ass towards me and walked to the door.

"Nope, no limp.  Sorry, guess you'll have to have more sex with me before your conference." I said with an exaggerated sigh.
She turned and jumped on me, giggling madly.  She straddled me, kissing me passionately.

---------------------------
-Geek Writer-
let me know what you think! geek_writer@yahoo.com  The more feedback I get, the more I want to write!

All my stories are here:
http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/geekWriter/