
Sharing Wife - I 
Jeevan  < jeevan80@yahoo.com>
I love to watch my wife with other men. I've read many stories and letters in magazines as well as net .to know that I'm not alone, but if you had asked me, I would have never guessed that watching Jyostna have sex with other men would be my biggest turn-on. Jyostna was a virgin when we married thirteen years ago, and was very inexperienced in sexual matters. I found it hard to believe that a girl with her looks and a body that stopped traffic could be so `untouched' and innocent, but she assured me it was the result of strict religious upbringing, at home and in school, and living home with her parents until we married. We live in Mumbai and I am a software man. We live in posh locality with helping neighbourhood. 
Jyostna is now 35 years old, and has never looked better in her life. She is beautiful, with darkish skin; full, pouty lips; huge black eyes; and shining brown hair. Aerobics and running have made her firmer than ever and her 36C-23-35 figure on a 5'4" frame would have to be termed perfect in my book. We've been happily married, and 
our sex life started slow and has improved over the years.......until it again slowed down. 
I enjoy reading adult magazines and, occasionally, Jyostna would read a letter or two without comment. One day, she asked me to point out the letters that really turned me on. Invariably, the ones that made me the hottest told tales of husbands watching their wives have sex with other men, sometimes with multiple partners. Jyostna asked me if I ever thought about her screwing another man. I was honest and told her that I could 
sometimes visualize her doing the things in the letters, but I certainly did not want her to actually do those things. I assured her the letters were a turn-on and a fantasy, but did not 
mean I had an actual desire for her to fuck another man. She said she was glad that I didn't want her to have sex with others, because she didn't want me to have sex with other women, either. 
We continued to read the magazines, and Jyostna would playfully point out the ones for me to read first. She was always right and I was glad she understood about my fantasy. 
...... 
Last September, my fortieth birthday fell on a Saturday, and Jyostna said she had the whole day planned for me. In the morning she prepared my favorite breakfast, Idli-sambar and many cups of tea! The afternoon was wonderful and I dozed off with my stomach full. 
I heard Jyostna talking to our neighbors son Kailash. I also heard furniture being moved in our living room and both of them talking and making jokes. I wondered what were they up to. Now Kailash was a great-looking kid we had watched grow up. He was studying in his second year of college. He weighed about 55 kg, all muscle. He was wearing Shorts and T-shirt, and his bare chest was tan and gleaming with sweat. Jyostna walked past me with two large glasses of cold drinks. "Hey, Kailash, have some refreshing drinks as we arrange the furniture She told him. Kailash looked at my wife and smiled. She was wearing her favorite pink sari with sleeve-less blouse. She wore her sari below her naval and that made her look terrific. Her big ass was swaying as she walked and today it swayed even more! 

"Hi, auntie! Thanks for this. I thought you were going to throw big party for Uncles Birthday. But you said you have to arrange the furniture and no party. As he talked he made an effort to look Jyostna in the eyes, but looking at her full, grown-up body was too much temptation. His eyes rarely looked above her ample cleavage. I could watch him staring at the cleave of my wifes breasts and then fleshy naval that was visible. "He's sound asleep, now. We'll be going out for dinner, later. I was just getting the things arranged She sat down on the couch and looked up at Kailash's crotch. 
Knowing Jyostna, and the things we talked during our lovemaking, I knew something was up. I wasn't asleep and she knew it, so I wanted to watch and see what she was up to. I knew that if Kailash looked into the room from the bright sunlight, the shade and screens made it so dark that he wouldn't be able to distinguish me, so I felt perfectly safe as a peeping-tom. Kailash stepped closer to Jyostna and used the opportunity to stare down between her two magnificent breasts. The crotch of his shorts began to swell. Mine did, too. Kailash gulped the rest of his drink, "Thanks again for the fine drinks Auntie. He said not knowing what else to say. His voice was a bit shaky and he seemed excited. I'm sure Jyostna caught the crack in his voice as well as I did. She smiled up at him and said, "There's no hurry, Kailash. I was just looking at your body. It looks like all those weights your mother's always complaining about lying around the house are having a very positive effect." 
I guess exercise is a topic jocks always feel like talking about, because the next few minutes were filled with the details of lifting weights. Jyostna stood up and reached out to touch Kailash's arms. "Wow, Kailash, your arms are hard as rocks." She moved her hands up to his shoulders. "You are an Iron man, aren't you?" 
Kailash could only nod, and Jyostna continued with the slow teasing. As I watched this scene, I removed my throbbing cock from my shorts and began to squeeze it. I had never seen Jyostna flirt like this, and I had never been hotter. 
"I've been thinking about lifting weights, too. I'm afraid aerobics and running won't be enough to keep me firm. I'm already beginning to sag like an old lady." 
"No way, Auntie.! You look terrific." 
"Well, thank you for that. Say, if you can keep this between us, maybe you can give me some advice. Are there exercises I could do to prevent my breasts from sagging any more? Look." With that, Jyostna removed the paloo from her shoulders and let it fall to her side. 
Kailash's eyes actually bulged as he viewed Jyostna's round, full tits over the thin blouse. He tried to blurt out something, but all that came out was, "Oh, Auntie..." 
"Oh, Kailash, it's okay. I just want your expert opinion on a my figure. If you prefer, I can take my paloo back over the blouse, but then you can't see as well." 
Jyostna was obviously having a good time. She weighed her boobs in her hands showing Kailash how they sagged. As she did this, I shot a thick stream of cum across the wall to begin one of the best solo orgasms of my life. 
"Is there an exercise I can do to keep these right where they are, and not sag any further?" Kailash's cock was straining the fabric of his shorts. Kailash managed a shrug and Jyostna looked at his crotch with mock surprise. 
"Oh, Kailash, I did that, didn't I? I'm so sorry. I was thinking about exercise and forgot that you are a red-blooded teenager. Here, let me make you comfortable." 
With that, Jyostna pulled her paloo back again, hiding her breasts behind it. Kailash looked a bit disappointed and said,  Ohhh Auntie! You have a terrific figure for your age. I dont think your breasts sag. They are where they should be. Uncle is lucky to have you as his wife. 
I was really lucky as Kailash had said. Jyostna went near him and thanked him for his compliments and in doing so she caressed his back lovingly. Kailash was really hot now and he took his hands to my wifes breasts and felt her boobs. 
 See Auntie! Your breasts are firm but if you do weightlifting they will look more firmer and solid. 
Ohhh! Thanks. I will start doing it. By the way what exercise you do to keep that thing so hard and big? Jyostna pointed at his crotch and then caressed the huge bulge of his cock. Slowly she took his shorts down and freed his cock. 
Ohh Auntie! Uncle may walk in. please dont tease me any more. 
Silly! He is fast asleep. I have given him heavy lunch so he wont wake uop until evening. 
Kailash's shorts were down over his hips and cock. He stood absolutely still as they fell to his ankles. I felt more than a little twinge of jealously as I saw that his cock was obviously longer, thicker and straighter than mine. Jyostna reached for him, pulling him a step closer with her hands on his ass. She caressed the pink head of his cock and then licked her lips. She then removed her sari and let it fall on the floor. Her breasts jumped free with just the blouse holding them. She looked into Kailashs eyes and removed her blouse too. Kailashs cock jumped at the sight of the free melons( No Bra inside)and I thought he would spray his come. He just looked at my wife, speech less. 
She knelt on the floor and licked his cock. Ohhh GOD! She never gave me a blowjob recently. She then opened her mouth to accept his cock, sucking and slurping it in and out. In less than a minute, Kailash began to pant and jerk his hips as he came. 
Another man's cock was shooting cum into my wife's hot mouth and I had another raging hard-on! 
Jyostna swallowed everything and licked Kailash's penis clean before she released him. His cock was still semi-rigid as he sat down on the mattress, exhausted from the orgasm. 
Jyostna smiled down at him, "You taste wonderful." Kailash's penis jerked a little in response. "You've made me very hot, Dear." It jerked again. "I think I need more of your lund." And that was it; Kailash was hard again, and I cursed his youth. 
Jyostna stood long enough to untie her petticoat, and push Kailash onto his back. I had the perfect angle to watch his cock penetrate my wife's pink, wet cunt, as she lowered herself onto it. I didn't know if Kailash was a virgin, but even if he wasn't, I was certain that Jyostna was giving him the best fuck of his young life. She rode his cock, placing his hands on her bouncing tits, and showing his fingers how to pinch her nipples as she 
neared an orgasm. I could see his big cock shining with my wife's cunt juices when she raised herself up on it, only to drop down with a moan. 
It wasn't long before she began a very intense orgasm. She lost control of her rhythm, and was moaning in complete surrender to the feeling washing through her. When the orgasm subsided, Jyostna slowly lifted herself off Kailash's still-hard cock. He 
whimpered a low "No," but Jyostna laid down on the single sofa, with her legs falling open and smiled, "Come fuck me, Kailash. chodo meri choot ko." 
And he did. He moved between her legs, and shoved his lund up her cunt in one fast move. Jyostna grunted at the force of his invasion and wrapped her legs around his hips and her arms around his neck. Kailash then proceeded to pound Jyostna's choot, her ass moving into the deep cushion of the sofa, ramming his cock into her choot up to the root. 
Jyostna stayed right with him, urging him on, "Oh, yes, Kailash. 
Fuck me. Fuck me! Sale tera mota taja lund meri choot mein dal aur chod! Ohhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhh! Oh, yes! your cock feels so good" 
By luck, accident or design, they both hit their orgasm simultaneously. After their climax, Kailash rolled off Jyostna. His lund was shining with her and his own juices, and they were both covered with sweat. Their breathing slowed and Jyostna dropped her 
hand to Kailash's chest, running her fingernails gently over his skin. As this was being done when I was at home, may be Kailash was a bit afraid and stood to pull up his shorts. 
Jyostna held out her hand, "Wait. Let me clean your lund for you, Kailash." He needed no further urging to move closer to my wife. 
Jyostna took his soft, wet cock into her mouth and began to suck and lick it clean. In seconds, it was growing hard yet again, and I marveled at Kailash's powers. 
Jyostna gave a throaty laugh and said, "Oh, dear! It's still alive! Ohhhh you are wonderful fucker. " 
Kailash smiled as Jyostna let it slip out of her mouth and she positioned herself bending over the couch. Kailash walked his hard cock right up Jyostna's cunt. It took a little while for him to come this time, and Jyostna didn't come, but her urging and moaning signified she was definitely enjoying being fucked again. When Kailash finished, Jyostna told him I'd be waking up soon and he could finish the shifting soon. 
Jyostna walked naked across the hall and into my room and stood beside me. "Happy birthday, Darling. Want you to feel someone else's cum in your wife's cunt?" 
I reached out and inserted two fingers up her cunt. I could feel the mixture of her lubricant and Kailash's sticky cum and my cock began shooting again. Jyostna bent over and caught the rest of my cum with her mouth. When I finished, Jyostna smiled and 
looked down at her body. Cum was dripping down her thighs, her tits had red marks on them where Kailash had been a little rough, and she was covered with sweat and dust. To me, she had never looked sexier in her life. 
She licked the wetness off my fingers and said, "I need a long hot bath!" I was exhausted and fell asleep before she started for the bathroom.. 

Later on. 
Jyostna and I discussed the day's events over dinner. She said she had been thinking about it a long time. Although she couldn't picture herself ever cheating on me with another man, the thought of me watching her with another man grew and grew until it became a full-fledged turn-on for her, too. She worked the whole plan through her head for days, before she had the nerve to actually call Kailash and arrange for him to shift the furniture. 
"So, how was he? His stamina depressed this 40-year old man." 
Jyostna giggled and said, "His stamina surprised this 35-year old woman! I thought it would all be over and done in just a few minutes." 
I toasted her with my wine, "You are the cause of that, Dear. Your beauty, your amazing body, and your pure sexuality." 
Jyostna blushed, "The whole time it was going on, I was thinking about you watching me, knowing I was doing this for you." 
I raised an eyebrow, "Oh, so then you didn't enjoy it?" 
She laughed, "Of course, I enjoyed it! If he ever learns how to really use the lund he has, there will be a traffic problem in the neighborhood from all the teenagers lining up. He's a real stud." 
A serious thought came in my mind, "You know he'll want more, don't you?" 
Jyostna waved away my concern , "I'm sure he'll ask or try, but I'll convince him it was a once in a lifetime thing that can never be repeated." 
Jyostna was right. She told me that a few days later, Kailash stopped by before I got home from work. Jyostna said she sat him down, held his hand and apologized for what happened. She said she didn't know what came over her, that she loved her husband and could never risk her marriage like that, again. Apparently, Kailash took it all, sportingly and finally left. 
Jyostna and I felt even closer than we did before my birthday. But my mind would wander back to the incidence, and I could see another man's hard, pink/purple cock spreading my wife's pink pussy lips, fucking her willing cunt.  




<Back To Pages>

