
  To more fully enjoy this story in living, breathing HTML,
  please visit our website at:
 
    http://www.asstr.org/~vivian

  Now offering over 140,000 words of pure prurience!

  --------------------------------------------------------


 

                               Sangrelysia

                          by Vivian Darkbloom

The Bottom of It

   "What are they waiting for?" she asked.

   It was a bit disconcerting. There they sat, or floated or
   levitated or whatever, just sort of hanging in mid-water, staring
   at us.

   "Do you notice the light's changed?" I asked.

   She looked around. "Yes, brighter, or more colorful, or I don't
   know. Different somehow."

   "I think you've opened a gateway. Someone told me about it once."
   I stood up, and walked over to the lake. I dipped my hand in the
   lake, to feel the water. It was warm and welcoming, the same
   balmy temperature as the air around.

   The queen spoke, from her golden koi mount underwater: "You'll
   want to shed your silly garments. We never wear them around
   here." I could hear her as if she were standing right in front of
   me.

   I laughed. "True. Soggy clothing is no fun to slosh around in."

   Sylvia wore an odd expression, as before the eyes of the gathered
   nude nymphet nymphs, I pulled off my heavy hiking boots and cast
   off my robe, loosing my manhood to fly in the wind.

   I turned to my sweet Princess, who still sat at her harp,
   somewhat in a daze.

   "You coming along?" I asked.

   "I'm going to wait and see how long you last in that icy lake
   water."

   "It feels warm now. You've opened a gateway."

   Completely naked, I set foot into the water, sinking into the
   gentle roughness of the silty beach sand. I walked out into the
   lake, along the bottom. Once my head submerged, I found that I
   could still breathe, and my vision was still clear. It was not so
   different from being in the outside air, except that I levitated,
   dancing weightless.

   "Are you coming in?" I called out Sylvia.

   She shrugged and disrobed, daintily stripping off her precious
   hot pants, to reveal her beloved lower lips. I felt myself
   stiffening slightly in response, and my embarrassment from
   thinking about the gaggle of nymphets seeing made it worse. The
   queen's silver crown gleamed mysteriously.

   The difference in the light was even more pronounced under the
   water. I saw all sorts of things that had been invisible from the
   surface, glimmering lights and glowing translucent gems scattered
   all about, giving an effect similar to the starlit sky, only on
   the lake bottom.

   Sylvia splashed into the underwater world to join me, and
   together we all swayed gently, suspended in the buoyancy of the
   lake currents, she and I facing the koi-mounted queen and her
   ring of young girls.

   "Welcome to the real world," the Queen announced broadly. Her
   courtiers giggled amongst themselves.

   "Greetings to you, fair queen," I replied.

   "Greetings," echoed Sylvia.

   "Truly my dear, you've got a lovely voice," the elder Queen
   replied to Sylvia. Her blonde hair was long and fair, suspended
   in elegant curves and ringlets. The young girls were of many
   different shapes, sizes and colors, all appearing to be about
   eight or nine years old. The Queen was distinct in possessing a
   mature feminine form, shall we say. Her breasts were full, yet
   springy. The dignified manner in which they playfully swung
   suspended in the water was quite distracting.

   "My name is Sylvia."

   "Elyiathe" said the Queen. "Pleased to meet you." Both turned to
   me.

   "No name," I said. "I'm the Royal Wizard of Sangrelysia."

   Elyiathe raised an eyebrow. "I hear a woman has taken over the
   role of Royal Wizard."

   "Well, I'm the real one," I said. "The one that didn't come from
   the realm of pure evil."

   "How do you find out stuff like that?" asked Sylvia. "I mean,
   aren't we pretty far away from everything here?"

   The queen was amused. "We do not have need of visitors in order
   to report the goings-on in the outer world. Our dark underwater
   caverns contain crystals that project life in animated color
   moving statues and settings, events real and unreal, far way in
   this universe and other realms, as well as make-believe dramas
   only taking place in the imagination of a playwright."

   Sylvia's eyes widened. "Wow."

   The Queen's gaze was inscrutable. "I gather that you've come here
   to fetch the item which was cast so rudely into the water."

   "The dragon's egg," I affirmed.

   "I see. Well, we would have brought it to you even, aside from
   one small problem. It can only be released by a ritual which
   requires an act of hierogamy, of which we are incapable, on our
   own."

   "Hierogamy?" asked Sylvia.

   "Ritual sex," I explained.

   "You see, we are all female," explained the Queen. "Virgins."

   "Ah," I said. "I hope my penetration into your realm, um, I mean,
   I hope I'm not invading. Intruding."

   The girls all giggled. So much exposed bare young skin, as pale
   as ivory, freckled tawny, deep chocolate brown, rich golden
   olive; in all shapes and sizes, tall and small, slender and
   voluptuous, with hair of red or amber, black or platinum,
   waist-length or cropped short, curly or straight. Their one
   uniform feature was the gleeful, giggling gaiety.

   Elyiathe sniffed. "Not to worry. We are all lesbians. Men have no
   appeal to us, aside from the entertainment afforded by making our
   way down the rivers to the sea, where we can lure in sailors with
   our song, to watch them slowly starve in the thrall of our
   hypnotic melodies, until their bleached, barren bones join those
   of the ones who foolishly stumbled into our clutches before
   them."

   "Speaking as a male human, I'm glad to hear that our kind has
   some greater purpose," I replied.

   "Gets old, though," said the Queen, looking down. "I haven't
   lured any men to their deaths in several hundred years, at least.
   I fear the thrill is gone."

   "So this egg-releasing hierogamy ritual," I said, raising my
   eyebrows. "I hope it's not too arduous?"

   Elyiathe laughed. "Come along, then."

   "Well, I don't know," I said. "I've been feeling rather weary
   and. . ."

   "You," demanded Sylvia incredulously, "Passing up the opportunity
   to consort underwater with a bevy of naked young girls?"

   "You don't mind?" I asked sheepishly.

   "Mind? Lover, you know we have a common interest. That's what
   keeps our sparkling romance so alive."

   "Then why didn't you include me in your drawing with the fishes
   underwater?"

   "In the past tense? Didn't I draw it in the future? Wait -- OK,
   now I'm totally confused. Just pretend I said that properly,
   however it ought to be."

   "Making me tense, was that the point?"

   She grinned wickedly, but then softened, gracefully gliding over
   to me and placing her hands delicately on my shoulders. "Never,
   dear. You know I want us both to be happy."

   The Queen watched with amusement. "If you want the egg back,
   you'll both need to come along."

   "Let's go then."

   Elyiathe swung around her koi mount, and we followed as she began
   the slow descent towards the lake bottom, surrounded by the group
   of beautiful young girls.

   Sylvia and I swam alongside the Queen. "Thank you for helping us.
   I can't tell you how much I appreciate it," I said.

   "You're helping us, as well," replied Elyiathe "If the coterie of
   evil has its way, they will destroy all natural beauty, poison
   every drop water, and pollute every breath of air in their blind
   groping for power. The way they have done all along, in the world
   without magic."

   "So you are familiar with their ways?" I asked. "I know only what
   I've heard in rumors."

   "Certainly. Our crystals of clairvoyance tell us many things that
   might astonish you. Why, in their own world, they'll devastate
   and demolish a thousands-of-years old forest simply to meet
   quarterly profit projections."

   "I have heard tales of such disgusting phenomena," I said. "But
   it's almost impossible for me to believe anyone can be so
   incredibly selfish. And stupid -- it sounds as though their world
   may be entirely incapable of sustaining life within a few
   generations!"

   "There's the irony. They'll make a pathetically overdramatic show
   about protecting fictitious, doe-eyed children, while in reality
   the exact same forces are conspiring to annihilate the very world
   those children are to inherit."

   The young girls giggled and became more chatty and warm with
   familiarity, brushing against us affectionately more often now,
   as they did amongst themselves.

   I couldn't help staring. I would have been undressing them with
   my eyes, but since they were already stark naked, I sort of
   pictured them in, say maybe sexy lingerie, maybe a necklace or
   anklet or two, little baubles like that.

   I could see that Sylvia was equally fascinated. Such variety of
   features, the kind one ordinarily doesn't get to see, even in
   girls so young. Or who appeared to be so young, anyway, given
   that water nymphs are typically immortal.

   "So," I asked Elyiathe, "About this hierogamy. Is it complex? You
   said you needed us in order to perform it, which I assume means
   that you require the services of the male `athame,' shall we say?
   Are there repeated interlocking patterns? And how many must lose
   their virginity?"

   "Monogamous sex between you and your girlfriend, missionary
   position," she replied. "No virginity lost."

   "Oh." I suppose she heard my disappointment.

   "Now, now. We'll all be holding a magic circle around you,
   watching your each and every sexually charged little gesture."

   "That ought to be fun," chirped Sylvia. "You girls must be able
   to find some interesting positions, with the weightlessness of
   the depths down here."

   It was darkening around us as we descended, and the glittering
   surface of the water above us rose higher and higher. The glow of
   tiny gems and crystals all around us grew brighter.

   "Well now, milady. If you ever wish to explore the idea further,
   maybe learn a few new tricks, you're welcome to visit any time.
   Only, for that adventure, you'll need to leave behind your
   baggage here."

   "Hey!" I protested.

   The queen sidled over to me as we swam along, eying me
   lasciviously. "Oh, sailor boy. . . Howdja like to come along for
   some hot, lusty, orgiastic sex? But first, I have to sing you a
   little love-song I wrote, just for you. In praise of the austere
   yet profound pristine beauty of naked bleached bones, polished
   clean by the nibbling of tiny undersea creatures. . ."

   Talk about undressing me with her eyes! "My bones are perfectly
   fine," I declared, "Unsatisfactorily (to you) sheathed in flesh
   though they may be. Not as interior decor for your submarine
   seraglio, thank you."

   "You keep your spells away from my boyfriend!" chimed in Sylvia.
   "I'm the one who gets to cast spells on him."

   "That's right," I retorted. "She'll protect me!" Then after a
   moment, aside to Sylvia: "What spells?"

   She whistled innocently. "Oh, nothing."

   Unruffled, Elyiathe cocked her head. "See me tremble in fear.
   Well, just for that, I will not wax poetic about the exotic yet
   cozy silhouettes of interlocking ribcages, the slender spooning
   white parentheses reaching up into the smoldering sunset sky,
   dark twisted curving lines like pathways unto eternity. . ."

   "Thank you for not waxing poetic," I said.

   Ever amused, the Queen continued. "This ritual we're about to
   perform, kind of like a marriage, really. The two of you ever
   think about tying the knot?"

   "Except," I guessed, "Instead of saying `You may kiss the bride,'
   it's `you may fuck the bride with a bunch of girls looking on to
   make sure you're doing it right?'"

   "More or less," replied the Queen. "Here we are."

                                                          Chapter 23

  _______________________________________________________


  For more stories, please visit our site:
    http://www.asstr.org/~vivian



  
