The Love Server - Part 2 - Her

He bit her again and she struggled not to moan out loud. She was allowed to speak, with limitations, but she found it best not to say anything at all.  Any noise sometimes encouraged the men of the village to become cruel or even violent. She was trained to take the pain, of course, trained to do anything that was wanted of her. She enjoyed her role in the village and could not understand the other Love Server's complaints, but she did not like extreme pain. Having her neck bitten was a different sort of pain. It hurt, yes, but the pain traveled down her body, pausing to make her nipples into hard points, becoming something hot and fluid in her stomach and ending in wetness between her legs. Later, she would discover the marks that would keep her hidden in her room in shame until they healed. At the moment, however, her body and the body of this man commanded all of her attention. Not waiting for permission, she lowered both hands to his waist and shoved his shirt up to feel his burning, silky skin. He released her, but did not wait for her to undress him, as was custom. Instead, he flung off his own clothes like a man on fire. She watched, breathless, as he revealed himself to her, but it was too quick. In one motion, he'd stepped to her, wrapped one strong arm around her back and lowered them both to her bed. He lay atop her, his face buried in her hair and sliced his hardness between her moist lips, spreading the wetness over himself. She spread her legs wide, silently begging him to fuck her and when he did not, she tried to content herself with exploring his body. He was thin and hard with muscle; his skin smooth and silky to the touch. His back rippled with every movement and she moved her hands to his hips and waist, down to his ass, where she found a nest of fine, soft hair. She gripped him there and pulled him to her harder, hoping he would see how desperate she was to feel him inside her. Normally she was calm and patient: the role of the Love Server demanded that she put her needs second to those of her visitor. She had never demanded anything, and in the back of her mind she wondered what repercussions would come of her seemingly uncontrollable behavior tonight. Finally, finally he positioned himself to thrust into her and she whimpered in anticipation. He stared at her as he placed the tip of his cock against her dripping hole ... and stopped. Her legs were thrown wide, but as he made to move away, she threw them around his waist and used them to pull him into her. "NOoooo ..." he breathed, the first word he'd spoken. She barely heard him, her brain so fogged with need. He whimpered again as she stretched around him and lost control, driving himself in. Her eyes widened as she felt the first stab of pain. She couldn't tell how much of him was inside her when she began to scream. He pulled out and lay down beside her, the light gone out of his eyes. He wrapped her in his arms as her crying subsided to whimpers. She was ashamed of her behavior, not only that she had forced her own will, but that she had screamed out loud, had made him stop. None of the village men had ever stopped or held her to comfort her. None of the men had ever hurt her by being inside her, come to think of it. The whole situation was strange, indeed. She was calm now and still, amazingly, in need. She peeked at him from under wet lashes and saw him looking at her. She did not recognize that look; it made her afraid, and yet she had to say something. Perhaps an apology was warranted, would maybe even save her a severe punishment later on. 

"I am sorry," She whispered. His gaze intensified, his arms tightened around her. His lips grazed her forehead, her nose, her cheek. She looked up at him again and when their lips met, he did not back away for a long time. When they parted, they were both breathing hard and her body had gone all soft again. He reached between her legs and used the tips of his fingers to gently part her lips, dipping into the wetness still there. He explored slowly, rubbing in circles until he came to her entrance. He watched her face as he slid one finger, then two inside her. The pain was mostly gone, she noticed and she welcomed the invasion. She rolled her hips, meeting his strokes. When his thumb hit her swollen clit, she lost control of her body again. Her head flung itself back, her eyes squeezed closed, her lower body lifted off the bed, and her legs lifted to open as wide as possible. He was touching something inside of her she'd never felt before and she used her hands to spread herself apart, to allow him access as deep as was possible. She could feel something building that wasn't comparable to anything. The fog in her head was back and she shook from side to side, not sure if she was trying to get away or get closer, the moans she wasn't even aware of getting loud enough to startle herself back into her own head and in that moment something seemed to break from her. She screamed in a voice that wasn't hers, one long, loud, keening moan until she had to catch her breath or pass out. She had time for one quick breath and then shockwave after shockwave passed through her body feeling like loss and lightning at the same time. Her head cleared just enough for her to hear a pattering as if it were raining. He didn't withdraw his hand until some of the tension left her body, though she was still straining to meet his thrusts. He brought his dripping hand to her face and dipped one fingertip into her mouth. Her chin was immediately soaked with her own juices. He sucked the rest from his hand and kissed her, pushing his tongue into her mouth. She took the opportunity to explore the front of his body; a flat stomach, small hard nipples, more downy hair. She pushed him back and took him in with her eyes, intent upon pleasuring him with her mouth. She saw what had hurt her and gasped. It was the biggest cock she had ever seen. It rested, rigid, against his stomach, surrounded by more nests of hair and the head came to just above his belly button. She circled it with her hand and saw that her fingers could not meet. His balls were large to match, and tight against the base. The rest of his magnificent body forgotten, she set to exploring him with her tongue. Maneuvering herself between his legs for the best possible position, she set her hand down in a large wet spot. She looked up at the roof and there were no wet spots, no holes, no ... nothing. She looked at him curiously. He gazed back, grey eyes hooded, lips parted. He reached toward her with the hand he had used to fuck her, and she understood. 
