My wife learns to pluck coconuts
By Bhuralund@gmail.com


We were on a holiday in Sri Lanka and lazily lying on deck chairs, sun bathing and sipping Three Coins beer. We had been chilling since 10.30 in the morning and by 12.30pm most of the beach goers had disappeared indoors. But we were enjoying the warm Sun on our backs and the constant flow of chilled beers was a great incentive to stay on.

My wife diverted my attention to a man, wearing little more than a loincloth, hopping on a coconut tree to pluck ripe orange fruits.  Muscles rippling under his jet black skin and beads of sweat gleaming like diamonds in the sun light.

I wonder how easy it is to pluck coconuts, my wife said amusedly. My gaze was stuck between the black man -(TM)s muscular legs, where I could distinctly see the outline of an uncut black cock and heavy black balls swinging as he hopped up the tree. I wondered if my wife saw the black Sri Lankan native -(TM)s impressive aboriginal cock too.

When the waiter  -" another fine specimen of Sri Lankan virility  -" arrived to refill our beers, I asked him:  -My wife wants to learn how to pluck coconuts --can you ask that man over there to teach her? - 

He looked bewildered even though they must be pretty used to strange requests from  -white - tourists. He nodded and walked towards the coconut-plucker. I could see the two men chatting and in between amused glints of grinning white teeth. The waiter returned.  -Yes sir, he can teach m -(TM)aam. Would you care to step that side. -

Once we reached, the waiter became our translator. The plucker, looking amused, told ME that usually only men pluck coconuts. But when I we told him that it was okay just for fun, he smiled and shyly asked my wife to step towards the tree. Gently, he showed her a small piece of rope with  -handles - made of knots. He swung the rope behind the tree, grasped the two handles with both his hands and sort of squatted like a frog on the tree. Once he had planted his toes in a groove of the trunk, he paused and flung the rope to a slightly higher position. Once his hands were tightly wound around the new position, he hopped up with his legs. And thus he continued.

Midway, he remembered my wife and jumped all the way down.  He spoke with the waiter, who was fidgeting impatiently. And the waiter explained what we, or I, had already understood from his demonstration. But my wife, a bit drunk, and a bit stupid, couldn -(TM)t grasp anything. She just looked at the coconut plucker blankly.  Finally, I couldn -(TM)t take it anymore and asked the waiter to ask the plucker to assist her. The plucker looked a bit unsure but when I repeated my  -request - through the waiter, he pointed my wife to stand in front of the tree.

He went behind the tree and helped my wife grasp the two ended rope. But when my silly wife kept standing there motionlessly still unsure of the next step he looked at me and seeing my smile, went behind my wife and one by one, picked her legs and planted them on the tree. In the awkward position, her bikini bottom pulled to one side and one of her pussy lips peeked out, together with a tuft of her straight pussy hair.

Just wanting to see how they will react, I moved to the other side pretending I hadn -(TM)t noticed.  The plucker -(TM)s eyes widened like saucers and the waiter -(TM)s pants expanded slowly. I smiled as my eyes met the waiter -(TM)s. I quietly called him to my side and whispered that it was okay if they wanted to enjoy the view or to do anything they wanted with my wife as long as she didn -(TM)t complain. He looked into my eyes surprised but openly groped his lengthening Sri Lankan cock.

Then I said that I had to take a leak and disappeared only to go a little off and hide behind a big bodhi tree. And then I watched as the plucker  -" now emboldened by my departure and my blanket approval, moved behind my wife and helped her in position.

It was so erotic to watch this sweaty black muscular but lanky black Sri Lankan plantation worker stand so intimately behind my wife holding her ribcage so closely that he was almost cupping her creamy white breasts over her bikini top. Then he moved one leg just behind my wife -(TM)s and then the second one then as if teaching a child how to walk he taught my wife step by step how to climb a coconut tree.  I could see clearly how my wife -(TM)s bikini bottom had completely exposed my wife -(TM)s hairy pussy and the plucker -(TM)s loincloth had ridden so high up, intentionally if I may say, that his now throbbing big black cock was lurching just under my wife -(TM)s meaty pussy.

At times when they hoped slightly higher his cock landed right on my wife -(TM)s pussy and even from some distance I could hear the  -phuck - sound as his manmeat hit in the face of my wife -(TM)s winking pussy.

Then suddenly I heard my wife -(TM)s scream. As I rushed under the tree I realized that she had let go off the rope accidentally and now, nearly 30ft up in the air, she was scared. I could see that the booze and the fear had made her completely lose it. She was shivering uncontrollably. The plucker was trying to console her but she couldn -(TM)t understand a word of his Sinhalese. Then I shouted at her, turn around and hold him tight. I don -(TM)t think she was capable of turning around to hold him of anything, but the plucker was very strong and he somehow managed to turn her around so that she was clasping him chest to chest. Now that she had calmed down a bit the plucker, instead of climbing down, continued up and shouted something to the waiter below. The waiter turned to me to say that the plucker will help her pluck one coconut as a souvenir.

I was relaxed to hear that but also to see that the plucker -(TM)s native cock had returned to its full mast length of nearly 10 inches, his cock -(TM)s head was almost getting scraped off the tree trunk. As he hopped up, the massive cock hopped up too and its purple cock head jammed at my wife -(TM)s exposed pussy slit. It was very well lubricated with all the sweat from the worker and the cock easily slipped inside the cunt tunnel. My wife -(TM)s intuition was focused so greatly on escaping her fear that she probably didn -(TM)t even notice the plucker -(TM)s massive cock intrusion in her tight pussy.

With each hop up, the plucker -(TM)s cock soon entered my wife -(TM)s tight but meaty pussy to the hilt  -" so much that I could only see two big hairy balls hanging from my wife -(TM)s pussy  -" the entire 10 inches of that Sri Lankan black cock had disappeared in my wife -(TM)s white pussy. I could see as they reached the peak of the tree just where the ripe coconuts bunched together. Right there, as my wife plucked a coconut, the plucker gave a few quick jabs deep inside her pussy with his fat cock and came like a man in need to impregnate another man -(TM)s wife.

My wife probably didn -(TM)t notice a thing as she was overwhelmed with the joy of having plucked her first Sri Lankan coconut. Slowly they descended his cock still hard and still embedded deep inside her pussy. Once down my wife gave me a big tight hug and had a few incoherent words to say. The waiter, waiting impatiently, tugged at my wife -(TM)s sleeve and asked if he could teach her another way to pluck a coconut.  Although she looked unsure, when she saw my encouraging smile, she said yes.

The waiter  -" all of 18 but with a body of a 35-year-old strong man  -" discarded his uniform quicker than my wife could say yes and stood there in front of us in all his refined glory  -" his uncut cock fat from all the blood pumping in and his balls brimming with extra injection of testosterone. He quickly pulled a sarong down over his head and invited my wife inside.  -Like this? - she chuckled but I pushed her inside and soon the same sarong covered both of them. The waiter asked her to straddle his pelvis and hold his back with her legs. It was exactly as we fuck sometimes fucked at him and the memory made her blush.

Now the waiter held the two-ended ropes and began climbing the tree.  I peeked from down below and could see the plucker -(TM)s thick cum slowly seeping out of my wife -(TM)s freshly fucked pussy. Another black Sri Lankan cock was now hovering around my wife -(TM)s pussy hole, leaking precum copiously. They were not even halfway up when the cock had already plunged deep inside and made a splat with all the scalding hot sperm. And now having lost all interest in plucking another coconut, the waiter climbed down quickly wore his uniform and ran back to his waving manager.

The plucker, my wife and I just stood there aimlessly and laughed when the plucker pulled my wife in a deep embrace and plunge his horsemeat Sri Lankan cock in her sopping pussy once more. I just waited for my turn to lap the sperm from her pussy.

The end.