Buddy, his brother-in-law and father-in-law @ my flop BBQ party
By Bhuralund@gmail.com

I have had the hots for a friend's wife for a long time. Since we are very good friends, he doesn't mind my frequent jabs about slipping my cock in his wife's pussy once. Otherwise Nodun is a massive guy and rather intimidating but I always fool around with him. But this was all so much more attractive for me since I was single. Last year finally after years of testing various free cunts available, I got hitched too. I met a marvelous, innocent, beautiful and petite girl and we hit it right off. After dating for a few months we both thought it would be great to make it all official and get married.

Of course, Nodun and his sweet wife were also around during our wedding and they were great fun. My wife and I spent about two weeks abroad for honeymoon and when we did return it was time to get to the job. Because of all the leave I had so much work pending that I really had to be submerged in work. Then the weekend came and I invited Nodun and his wife over to our house for some BBQ. They were game.

Saturday afternoon, I bought gallons of beer and about a dozen bottles of good red wine (our wives only drink wine). I had cut the meat, sliced the sausages, skewered the prawns and was all set for the cookout when they arrived.  Not in a hurry, we took off our shirts and sat in the lounge chairs by the pool enjoying beers as the wives had a dip in the pool to cool the summer heat down. It was very relaxed. It would have been erotic and hot for some strangers but we were all very comfortable with each other and this was kind of normal to us. The girls went for a swim again and Nodun, scratching his left nipple furiously, turned to me and said, "You seem content...haven't heard anything about you slipping something in Anita's sopping cavity..." It was out of the blue but I burst out laughing, "Sure, if finally you agree, I still don't mind poking my sausage in her dip." He looked amused but was not laughing. In fact he looked dead serious when he said, "Actually now we are equals. So I don't mind but I gotta slip in yours too." 

"It's way too soon man," I brushed him off. 

"No, actually it's about time," he said, "Dude, I came all prepared for this today...so I agree it is a bit too much for us swapping our wives without their consent, we should at least see their wares. In fact I have already slipped three sleeping pills in our wives drink so when they come out and drink next they would be gone for a while and we can inspect their pussies in peace."

I was excited and scared at the same time. We shut up as the wives returned.  My wife picked up her glass and gulped the entire content like it was water.  Just when Anita reached out for her drink her bloody mobile phone rang and she answered it. She looked worried and after she finished her call, she got up in a rush, "Sorry guys, I gotta go. My mum's sis has passed away and I need to go there with mum right away. But relax and enjoy yourselves. Nodun is not too close to my mum so he can stay here."  And then she was gone. Fuck! I looked accusingly at Nodun who just shrugged his shoulders. Just then I saw my wife reach out for Anita's "spiked" wine.

"Oh no, don't drink that," I yelled but she sipped almost half of the contents before replying, "Calm down BL, you're behaving as if this wine has been poisoned." Then she looked at Nodun and they laughed out loud. I cursed myself and laughed with them.  It was about 6pm so I got up to start the BBQ fire leaving Nodun and my wife right there. I was just a little further down on the grass and could see them clearly. Then I got busy in getting the fire right and it was 15 minutes before I noticed that Nodun was sitting down next to my wife's lounge chair, his big nose sniffing my wife's pussy. Jeez, I rushed to their side...my wife had blacked out with all the sleeping pills in her system and Nodun had pushed her bikini bottom aside to take a peek at her hairy Asian pussy. Her dark meaty pussy lips were quivering as if inviting Nodun to caress them. Nodun looked up and smiled at me, "Sorry dude, I didn't see that coming so it's not like I wanted out...if Anita was here, I would not object to you watching her pussy...anyway I am just looking." Then he pinched one of my wife's pussy lips between his thumb and index finger and massaged it gently. My wife didn't move but her pussy started filling with blood.

"I really can't see properly," Nodun said and peeled my wife's pussy open with his two big black hands. As he pulled them apart, the inner pink folds of my wife's pussy meat were clearly visible and I felt my cock stir a little. Nodun slowly pointed to one dark clot inside my wife's pink pussy, "Oh jeez what's that?" and with that he rubbed the spot a little with the tip of his thick finger.  The spot was about an inch inside the pussy hole and I really didn't blame him when accidentally his finger slipped inside up to his third knuckle. 

"Oops," Nodun apologized and reluctantly pulled out his finger, now coated with a thin sheen of my wife's pussy sweat. He sniffed the finger and flared his wide black nostrils like a bull sniffing a cow's pussy before breeding it. "Smells like ripened cheese," he said and offered me a sniff. I must have been in a trance as rather than putting a stop to the drama right there, I held his rather big black hand in my quivering soft white hands and sniffed the familiar smell of my wife's pussy on his fingers.

"Don't be shy," he purred, "Take a lick...it is YOUR wife's pussy after all." My tongue snaked out of my mouth and licked his thick sausage like finger and was rewarded by the pungent taste of my wife's pussy mixed with what must have been a black man's sweat musk. I swiped my tongue all along his black finger and licked a second and then a third time. I was gonna take another lick when Nodun withdrew his finger, "Man, here, let me refill the pussy juice for ya taste," and dipped his thick finger in my wife's honey pot. This time, he was not gentle. He roughly pushed his finger as if he was finger-fucking her more than he was refilling his finger for my licking pleasure. He fucked her pussy with his fingers a few times, pulled out and sniffed, then shaking his head with disappointment, dipped it in the visibly aroused and wet pussy again. A few more finger-fucks later he finally pulled out his slimy finger and offered me. By now, I had sat down on my knees next to him. He fed me his thick black fingers and I slowly started licking them. At one point I realized that I was had two fingers in my mouth even though he had only fucked my wife with one fat finger. The taste of my wife's pussy was long gone from his fingers, and I was no longer merely licking his musky black fingers, I was in fact sucking his fingers like they were two miniature cocks stuck in my mouth. Now I have always thought of myself as a straight guy (of course I have occasionally admired fat uncut cocks in the gym locker rooms but nothing serious) and here I was sucking his fingers like a cocksucker. But that thought never struck me at that moment...only afterwards ;-)

"Here buddy lemme juice my black sausage for ya some more," he said and again fucked my wife's pussy a little and fed me his pussy juice slicked fingers. As I was going to town sucking his black fingers, he got up and reached across my wife to get his beer.  He never pulled his fingers out of my mouth. After taking his beer, he didn't sit down. His crotch was right in my face...very close. So close that every few seconds I could see a vague shape of his cock twitching inside the confines of his baggy shorts. I was too overwhelmed with my "new" sexual attraction and flinched when he pulled his taste black fingers out of my mouth. But he was good and almost immediately pushed his fingers in my mouth again, this time the taste hit me straight in the head. It was different because - as I soon realized - he was now feeding me the "raw" fingers of his other hand. He hadn't coated any pussy juice and yet I was hungry for his man sweat.

"Suck your wife's pussy, now," he ordered rather out of his ordinary character. I obeyed him.

"Now suck me," he offered his fingers. I sucked his fingers again.

"Suck her cunt," I was back at lapping my wife's pussy.

"Now suck me," I lunged at his offering and I obeyed him but it was too late to stop when I found my mouth gagged by the biggest black cock I had ever seen. Nevertheless I stopped, with my mouth still stuffed with his sweaty and musky black cock, I looked up at him. I must have been a sight - down on my knees, with my best buddy's black uncut cock stuffed down my throat and my half naked wife (well technically she still had her bikini top on) wife lying within a feet of us!

I pulled his cock out of my mouth and just as I had seen in thousands of porno flicks - a thick strand of 
Nodun's pre-cum connected his cock to my mouth. Before I could get up and put the stupid gay thoughts out of my head, Nodun barked, "Suck her cunt now," momentarily blinded by lust I forgot that he had just tricked me into sucking his cock and went back to lapping my wife's moist cunt, with the same mouth coated with Nodun's thick gooey pre-cum, I dove in my wife's pussy mixing their pre-fuck juices together. 

"Now suck me," this time I knew what I was going to suck but willingly I opened my mouth wide and accepted his thick uncut black cock. It was a natural wonder - 10 inches long and wide enough to fit my rather big mouth...I would say as thick as my wrist. He now put one of his hands on my head and slowly fucked my mouth like a pussy. Slowly, he also bent down slightly towards my wife and started fingering her pussy at the same time. My blacked out wife was responding to him manipulations and within a few minutes was shaking in her state to a mild orgasm. I was caught by the sight of her pussy contracting on Nodun's two fat fingers as he came. I was distracted and that's why, Nodun just held my head against his cock cutting my breathing air off and started spurting his thick black cum in my mouth. I was gagging like a school girl but he showed no mercy and forced me to swallow every single drop of his lumpy smelly sperm. Once he had finished cumming, I somehow pushed his big frame off and took a deep breath. He squeezed the base of his cock and some more pearly yellowish sperm came out. He smeared it all over my lips and laughed. It sounded like a last laugh.

Then we heard the sound of clapping followed by footsteps and a deep voice, "Hey dudes, that was quite some show you put up there." We turned and Nodun almost sank in his lounge chair - it was Blake, his wife's brother. Blake is easy on the eyes. He is lanky, tall and dandy but of course jet black. He was wearing a pair of jeans and a black t-shirt...if he didn't smile, he would have gelled in the night and that's probably why none of us noticed him.

But before either Nodun or I could say anything, Blake slumped down in a lounge chair and helped himself to some of my beer. He pushed one of his bony but long hands inside his jeans and he scratched his balls right there. Then he caught site of my wife's bare pussy and leaned closer. He pulled out his hand and with the same hand that was scratching his sweaty dirty balls, he rubbed my wife's slit. Slowly he pulled the buttons off his jeans. In the dark, I could still see his kinky pubic hair but nothing else. 

"Nice," he fingered my wife some more and said and turned to me, "Cumm'on BL, you have already tasted black cock...so cumm'on so take a few sucks off your buddy's brother-in-law's cock too." I looked at him and then at Nodun in astonishment and disbelief. Nodun shrugged. I was about to kick Blake out of my house when he whipped out a small camera, "You don't want all your family and friends see the evidence of your "secret" faggot life. Do you?" I couldn't believe this was happening to me. My jaw dropped as he pulled my hand to his lap and stuffed it in his warm...no, it was scalding hot...crotch. Resigned to my fate, I pulled out Nodun's brother-in-law's cock. It was half hard but it was meaty and very heavy. It was about eight inches long and still not reached its full hardness. It long uncut foreskin wrinkled around his cock head loosely and made me curious to peel it down to see what color was his cock head. 

"Chew on my cock skin gently," he commanded just like his brother-in-law.

"Now peel the skin back and lick my cock head."

"Push your tongue around inside my foreskin."

"Lick that pre-cum, cocksucker."

Suddenly he yelled at Nodun, who was sitting there with a cheesy grin across his face, "What the fuck do you think you are bro? You are not gonna get off that easily...you want me to show these pix to Anita? She's gonna rip you off this marriage." This got Nodun in his balls. He grimaced.

"Get off the chair and down on your knees," Blake grunted, enjoying my mouth on his black fat rod. I was happy to hear that Nodun was gonna suck some cock too and that would make both of equal. But 
I was shocked to hear Blake's "punishment" for Nodun, "Get to work on the woman. Suck that pussy you faggot." I was about to get off Blake's fat and tasty musky black cock and protest but Blake put an end to it by holding my head in place right on his cock. By then Nodun had already started licking my pretty wife's moist pussy. He held the pussy lips open wide and dove in...his nose buried in the thick bush of my wife's cunt hair. 

"You asshole," Blake grunted in between lusty moans of pleasure because of all my sucking, "Don't just fucking lick her pussy like so dumbly...rub your fingers up and down her slit slowly...pleasure her just like her faggot husband is pleasuring my cock." Again, before I could protest, Blake held my head clamped down on his fat black uncut cock in a death grip.

I watched as Nodun laid his head on my wife's soft tummy just inches from her pussy hair and started inching along her pussy slit with his fat black fingers. Slowly he added one more finger and started finger fucking her properly.

"Suck her clit," Blake grunted, and Nodun sucked my wife's engorged clit and increased the speed on his fingers. My wife was sleeping like a horse but she still came like a cow fucked by a breeding bull. 
Nodun stopped, but Blake yelled at him again, "Not so fast nigga bro...continue rubbing your fingers up and down and slit." Nodun continued rubbing her pussy with one hand and with another hand, started rubbing his re-hardened cock. He was sitting on the floor but his cock was very long and each time he thrust upwards his cock came within inches of my wife's pussy, hanging just above the edge of the lounge chair.

"Rub her with three fingers," Blake ordered and held my head strongly again.

"You fuckin' asshole...you just can't get anything right...I said stuff her pussy with three fingers."

"I already have three fingers inside," Nodun protested. Blake yelled, "Then your fingers are fuckin' too small for this huge pussy..." and then Blake held me tight so that his fat black cock entered the deep of my throat. I enjoyed that feeling but was struggled to break free when I heard Blake yell at Nodun, "You fuckin' good for nothin' nigga, get up and stuff her pussy with your cock if your stupid fingers are too small to stuff her...common man, be man enough and pleasure her like her husband is sucking me."

Before Blake released my head, Nodun stood up - one knee on the floor and one knee on the lounge, his huge black piece of man meat dangling between his legs like a dangerous weapon. I watched in horror as a thick gooey strand of pre-cum fell over my wife's pussy lips and slowly disappeared in its meaty hole. It happened very fast, but to me appeared in a slow motion, as Nodun peeled his black uncut cock to reveal his purple cock head coated with thick pre-cum. Then he rubbed his steel rod like cock up and down my wife's slick pussy slit and slowly eased his big mushroom head inside. It went till the ridge of his cock head and jammed. Blake was getting impatient and kicked Nodun on his butt, this pushed Nodun forward and his cock sliced through my poor wife's pussy like a hot knife through a slab of butter. As he hit rock bottom, Blake released me and just after I had a lungful of air, he clasped my head in his death grip again, giving Nodun enough time to establish a nice rhythm. He started fucking my wife earnestly. With Blake ordering about to change positions, to fuck hard or slow, in and out and all kinds of things. 

My own cock was still inside my shorts and I was busy sucking Blake's cock when he pushed me off. Then he started pushing Nodun off too...but Nodun was in the throes of his fast approaching orgasm and you just don't play with a "cumming" man so Nodun had no option really but to pry my wife's mouth open and jab his fat cockmeat down her throat in one lunge and erupt his boiling hot black cum straight down her mouth. But she was so deeply unconscious that she still didn't wake up...even though she gulped down the creamy sperm and even licked her lips afterwards. 

While Nodun was cumming in my wife's mouth, Blake had penetrated her deep inside and was fuckin her like a mad rabbit in a hurry to reproduce. He fucked her like it was his last fuck and in five minutes; he lunged inside her pussy till there was no space even for air between them. I could see his balls move as they emptied all their sperm in my wife's fertile little pussy. He stayed put for a few minutes and regained his composure. Then he pulled his still fat and long cock out of my wife with an audible plop. Just as he was slapping my face with his slimy cock, we all were shocked to hear a new deep voice, "Well done Blake. I should have known your needs for pussy at this age." It was Phil, Blake's father and Nodun's father-in-law. 

Although my jaw dropped, when I saw him push his trousers down to reveal a graying but very impressive black mature cock...it was already showing signs of an impending erection when he dangled it in my face and said in the same authoritative tone as Blake and Nodun, "Faggot, get my cock ready for your wife's pussy." I purred like a happy kitten and opened my mouth!

The end.
