     TALL, BLOND AND BOUND
     by Zebulon

This is a work of fiction.  No reference to real persons is 
intended.  It contains strong, non-traditional sexual imagery 
and language.  If you don't like this kind of thing, don't read it.

This story may be reposted anywhere as long as (1) proper 
credit is given, (2) I am informed of where it is being posted, 
and (3) I am allowed free access to the web site where it is 
being posted. 
          
     Feedback is welcome.  Zebulon@fastmail.ca

     (MF, FF, Bond)

*   *   *   *   *   Start of Part 5   *   *   *   *   *

     "Girls," the redhead said addressing Sheryl and Marcie. 
She had a distinctive French accent.  "This is Miss Juanita
and I am Miss Michelle.  You will address us as such.  Do
you understand."  Both girls nodded mutely.

     Miss Juanita gave Sheryl's thong a jerk.  "Don't forget it,
bitch."

     Michelle noted this and considered.  The blond was
clearly the more important of the two recruits.  She was the
reason Mr. Martinez had them snatched in the first place. 
And Juanita had no training and little understanding of her
roll.  On the pier, she had to show her even the simplest
techniques of trussing.  Juanita also had a major sadistic
streak.  It would be a mistake to leave the blond in her
charge.  She handed her Marcie's leash and said, "Why don't
you conduct the examination of our friend here."

     Juanita flashed a sharp, disapproving look.  She was
suspicious of the switch.  Was Michelle keeping the best for
herself?  Was she just trying to throw her weight around? 

     Michelle, reading Juanita's expression added, "This one
is more resistant.  She may require more discipline.  You
seem good at that."  Juanita's features softened.  Perhaps it
was a compliment after all.  At any rate, she remembered
how resistant the short one had been on the pier.  "All
right," she said, taking Marcie's strap and dropping Sheryl's,
"if you don't have the stomach for it."

     Juanita started tugging Marcie away.  Marcie tried to
turn to look at Sheryl, when with a mighty tug Juanita sent
her tumbling.  "Goddammit, you little cunt.  When I lead
you follow.  Now get your ass up."  But Marcie was
terrified and afraid to do as she had been ordered.  She
stayed down and moved a little to position her legs between
herself and the sadistic girl who was towering over her.  It
seemed to be exactly what Juanita wanted.  She was still
holding the leather thong and there was a good three feet of
extra line at her disposal.  She began whipping Marcie with
the free end.  She moved in a slow circle around Marcie's
prone body, whipping and cursing her with each stroke. 
Marcie did her best to keep her legs between them so that it
was the legs which took the brunt of the punishment, but
occasional lashes got through to her belly, her breasts, her
face.  After a few minutes, Marcie was howling
uncontrollably into her gag and Juanita was more than a
little winded.  She was smiling, however.  She seemed quite
pleased with herself.  She dropped the strap, took a sudden
step to the side, and came up next to Marcie before she
could move her legs.   Reaching down she grabbed the
leather neck noose and pulled Marcie to her feet.  "Now,
bitch," she growled, "you do exactly as I tell you, or so help
me. . . !"  She left the rest of the threat unstated.  Moments
later they had disappeared through a side door.  Juanita still
tugging on the leash and Marcie struggling in her pain and
fear to keep up.

     Michelle was satisfied she had made the right decision. 
She turned toward Sheryl and said, "Are you going to give
me any trouble?"  The tall blond seemed almost in shock. 
She shook her head imperceptibly.  Michelle reached up and
removed the gag.  It came out with a soft wet plop. 
Michelle Repeated, "What was that?"

     Sheryl's mouth moved slightly but no words came out. 
Her eyes seemed unfocused.  Michelle sighed to herself. 
She had to know if this girl were truly over the edge or just
teetering.  Picking up the leather thong, she gave Sheryl one
hard lash across the belly.  That brought her quickly to life.

     "When I ask you a question, girl, you answer me! 
Understand?"

     "Y . . . yes," Sheryl stammered.

     "That's 'yes, Miss Michelle,'" She corrected.

     "Yes, Miss Michelle," Sheryl said.

     "Better.  Now, are you going to give me any trouble?"

     "No, Miss Michelle."

     "Good.  Then follow me."  She dropped the tether and
headed toward the same door through which Marcie and
Juanita had left.  Sheryl followed meekly, the line dragging
behind her.

     They passed through a number of rooms one of which
reminded Sheryl of an old fashioned torture chamber.  They
heard shrieks from somewhere in the distance.  Eventually
they found themselves in a small simple bedroom.  "This is
my room," said Michelle.  "You will stay with me tonight." 
She waited for a reply and then reached for the strap.

     "Yes, Miss Michelle," Sheryl quickly interjected.

     "You'd better not forget again."

     "Yes, Miss Michelle."

     "Do you need to go to the bathroom?"

     It had been so long, Sheryl had almost forgotten.  Now
she suddenly realized she had to go quite badly.  "Yes, Miss
Michelle."

     Michelle opened a drawer and removed a sharp knife. 
She cut off the free end of the tether and then cut the strap
that ran down Sheryl's front side and between her legs. 
"Thank you, Miss Michelle," she said with considerable
relief.

     "Don't speak unless spoken to."

     "Yes, Miss Michelle."

     Michelle took her elbow and led her into a small
adjoining bathroom.  She sat her on the toilet.  Sheryl's arms
were still tied up behind her back.  While she was sitting,
Michelle made a few preparations.

     When Sheryl finished, Michelle had her stand and spread
her legs.  She carefully wiped her ass and swabbed the
whole area down with a babywipe.  She had her turn
away and brought out a large enema bag.  The old fashioned
kind with a long bone nozzle and a large capacity.  "This
will help you to smell sweet and fresh, girl."  She held the
tip of the nozzle against Sheryl's anus and asked, "You do
want to smell sweet and fresh, don't you?"

     "Y. . . yes, Miss Michelle."

     Sheryl braced herself for the intrusion.  But instead of
the long nozzle, she felt Michelle's small hand come around
her side and busy itself with her pubic slit.  "Spread your
legs a little farther, girl."  Sheryl did so, not knowing if that
required a 'yes, Miss Michelle' or not.  She said nothing and
was relieved when she wasn't chastised.

     Then she felt what Michelle was doing.  Sheryl had loved
the feel of Marcie's touch, but as Michelle fingered her
pussy and clit it suddenly came alive with moisture and
erotic sensations.  This girl obviously knew things which
Marcie hadn't dreamed of.  After a few minutes, Sheryl had
broken out in a sweat and was breathing heavily.  Then she
felt the nozzle of the enema bag begin to penetrate her anus. 
It was somehow the sweetest most delicious penetration she
could imagine.  Michelle would push it part way in, then
teasingly pull it back out.  She kept this process up for a
considerable time until Sheryl seemed close to a climax. 
Sheryl became aware that Miss Michelle's breasts were
pressed up against her hands and that she had been grasping
and massaging the mounds of flesh for some time.  She was
intensely aware of the feel of the other girl's nipples against
her palms.  She didn't know what to do, but she didn't dare
stop.  And then she felt the nozzle pressed full into her.  The
warm bag was up against her ass and the hand at her pussy
slit was pushing her over the edge.  She screamed with
ecstasy and Michelle squeezed the bag.

     Afterwards she sat back down on the toilet and
completed the cleaning process.  Michelle cut the strap that
linked her arms to her neck and Sheryl sighed with relief. 
Then Michelle cut the leather noose from around her neck. 
The only restraint left was the way her wrists were tied
together.  When she was finished, Michelle said, "Now let's
get you really clean, OK?"

     "Yes, Miss Michelle."

     They moved to another room with a huge tiled shower. 
Michelle soaped them both, taking special care in massaging
all of Sheryl's erogenous zones and listening for her
reactions.  She shampooed them both.  She rinsed, and
dried, and perfumed them both.  She arranged Sheryl's hair.

     "Are you hungry, girl?"

     Sheryl was starving.  "Oh yes, Miss Michelle."

     Michelle brought Sheryl back to her bedroom.  "I think
we can find something more comfortable than those ropes
on your wrists, don't you think?"

     "Yes, Miss Michelle."

     Michelle opened a dresser drawer and showed Sheryl a
large collection of wrist cuffs.  It seemed a little crazy to
Sheryl to select her own restraints, but she chose a pair that
were lined with soft fur.

     "Good choice," Michelle endorsed.  "But those are too
small.  Hang on . . . ."  She walked out.

     Sheryl didn't know what to do.  She was left standing in
the little bedroom.  The door was open.  She could just
leave if she wanted to.  But where would she go?

     When Michelle returned a few minutes later, Sheryl
hadn't moved.  Michelle was carrying a larger pair of the
fur-lined cuffs and a small jar of cream.  She cut the ropes
Sheryl's hands free and slapped her hard on the ass when she
started to bring them around front to rub her wrists.  "You
move when I tell you to move, OK, girl?"

     "Yes, Miss Michelle."

     She rubbed some of the cream into Sheryl's red chapped
wrists.  They instantly felt much better.  She attached the
new cuffs that were, indeed, much more comfortable than
the rope.  She sat on the bed and had Sheryl give her first
one and then the other foot.  She rubbed some of the cream
into the sore ankles and the red welt across her stomach.

     "Do you hurt anywhere else?"

     "Yes, Miss Michelle.  I've got a bruise . . ."

     Swat!  Michelle slapped one of Sheryl's breasts with an
open palm.  "I didn't ask you where it hurt, only if it hurt. 
Answer only what you are asked."  Sheryl looked confused
and utterly miserable.  Michelle took some pity on her. 
"Listen, girl . . . what's your name?"

     "Sheryl."

     "Listen, Sheryl, I know things seem totally crazy at the
moment.  I felt that way when I was new.  But you're bright. 
Just keep listening, try your best, and you'll learn the rules in
no time.  OK?"

     "Yes, Miss Michelle."

     "All right.  Now, go ahead and tell me where you hurt."

     After Michelle had administered to all of Sheryl's minor
bruises, she left to fetch some food and drink.  She came
back with two bowls.  She placed a bowl of milk on the
floor near the foot of the bed.  "You take care not to spill
any, understand?"

     Sheryl looked startled.  "Yes, Miss Michelle," she
responded automatically.  She got down on her knees and
carefully lapped at it until the bowl was clean.

     "For dinner we have gruel de jour.  It's got rice, potato,
chicken and a bunch of other stuff all cooked into a kind of
thick paste.  It's too thick for soup and too thin for bread. 
That's why I call it gruel.  It's actually quite good, but a little
spicy.  Do you like spicy foods?"

     "I can eat spicy food, Miss Michelle."

     "Good, you're going to be eating a lot of it."  Michelle
she removed a small handful of the mixture and held it out
to Sheryl who was still on her knees.  She licked the food
out of the other girl's hand.  As she ate, one handful at a
time, Michelle would rub her hair, back, and breasts with
her free hand.  She talked to her like you would talk to a
new pet.

     "That's a good girl," she said.  "You just finish up your
dinner and behave yourself and everything is going to be
just fine. . . .  That's a nice girl, eat it all so you can keep
your strength up. . . .  There, there, now take your time. 
There's plenty more if you want it."

     After she'd emptied the bowl, Michelle asked if she were
still hungry.  She wasn't, but she was still thirsty.  So
Michelle took her milk bowl into the bathroom and filled it
with water.  Sheryl drank as Michelle sat on the bed and
stroked her naked back, arms, and bound hands.

     When she was done, Michelle had her sit up on her
knees in front of her and she cleaned and dried her face. 
"Now let's talk," Michelle said.  "Tell me about yourself,
little girl, and don't leave anything out."  And for the rest of
the day, Sheryl talked.  Michelle listened intently and
interrupting only occasionally to ask questions.

     They stopped for lunch.  Michelle took Sheryl down to a
small dining room.  Michelle sat at a table and ate while
Sheryl had more gruel and milk from saucers on the floor. 
They returned to the bedroom to continue talking.  Sheryl
described her family, her early childhood, her job.  She
pretty much told Miss Michelle everything about herself up
to and including her relationship with Marcie.

     They stopped for dinner that was an exact repeat of
lunch.

     After dinner, as they returned to the bedroom, Michelle
announced that the discussion was very nearly at an end.  "I
just want to be sure I'm clear on this point.  You've never
had sex with a man; Marcie was your very first sexual
partner?"

     Sheryl might have blushed at such a question once, but
now she only answered matter-of-factly, "Yes, Miss
Michelle."

     "Hector will love that," she said with an evil smirk. 
"And Marcie licked your pussy, but you never licked her
back, did you?"

     "No, Miss Michelle."

     They arrived back at the little bedroom.

     "Well, I've seen how sexually responsive you can be. 
Why don't we find out, how eager you are to please."

     "Miss Michelle?" Sheryl asked without comprehension.

     Michelle looked into Sheryl's face for a long while as if
trying to read her innermost thoughts.  Then she said, "If you
want to survive with a minimum of pain--if you want to get
through your training as quickly as possible--then hear this
well and believe it.  Your prior life is over.  There is no
escape, there is no return.  You are going to be trained as a
personal sexual slave for Hector Martinez.  He likes tall
blonds.  That is why you were recruited. . . .  Don't shake
your head, get used to the idea."

     Sheryl hadn't been aware that she was shaking her head,
but stopped.  Her eyes were wide and had suddenly filled
with tears again.

     "You should think of yourself as his personal property,
his servant, his devoted slave.  From this moment on, he is
the most important thing in your life.  His pleasure is your
primary concern."  She stopped to read Sheryl's face again. 
"Do you understand, girl?"

     "Y . . . yes, Miss Michelle."

     "Good.  I know how hot you can get, and where to push
your love buttons.  I found that out while cleaning you.  But
we need to see how much potential you have as a sex toy. 
Do you understand, now?"

     "I'm not sure, Miss Michelle."

     "Well, you just do exactly what I tell you, O.K."

     Sheryl was trembling as she said, "Yes, Miss Michelle."

     "And you will do the best you can?"

     "Yes, Miss Michelle."

     "O.K.  Roll over onto your belly."

     Sheryl did and Michelle removed the cuffs.

     "Now kiss me as passionately as you can."

     Sheryl hardly knew this young woman at all.  She still
didn't think of herself as a lesbian.  But she knew she didn't
have any choice.  And Miss Michelle had been very kind to
her.  She sat up, pleasantly surprised that the salve and the
day's rest had left her wrists and arms feeling much less
uncomfortable than she had any right to expect.  She looked
into Miss Michelle's face.  It was a pretty face, surrounded
with a halo of bright red hair.  She had a small nose and a
little bridge of freckles.  Her eyes were green and she had
dimples.  Sheryl hadn't really looked at her before.  She
closed her eyes and brought her face over to Miss
Michelle's.  Their lips met.

     Michelle let her mouth go slack and open slightly, but
she waited for Sheryl to initiate the kiss.  Sheryl opened her
own mouth and let her tongue draw lazy circles around the
other girl's lips, the way Marcie had done for her.  They
spent quite some time on that kiss.

     Michelle realized quite soon that Sheryl was
inexperienced but trainable.  She waited to see if Sheryl
would initiate anything else.  She didn't.  But that might be
because she was paranoid about going beyond specific
orders.  'So, give her another order,' she thought.  Breaking
the kiss she said, "That was nice.  Now love me.  Bring me
as much pleasure as you can."

     "Yes, Miss Michelle."  The kiss had, in fact, been nice. 
Sheryl wasn't terribly turned on, but it hadn't been a turn-off
either.  She looked down at Miss Michelle's body, at the
network of leather straps, at the two substantial breasts
which were jutting up at her.  Tentatively, she leaned down
and brought her mouth over the nearest breast.  She stuck
her tongue out and touched it to the tip of the nipple.  It
was warm and textured.  She felt a stirring between her own
legs.  She leaned closer and took the nipple between her
lips.  She felt it come to life and stiffen as she gently sucked
on it.  Miss Michelle sighed and Sheryl felt the stirring
between her legs turn moist.

     Reaching out with one hand, Sheryl took the other
nipple between her fingers and rubbed it until it stiffened. 
Almost without thinking, she let her hand slide down the
leather straps and smooth skin of Miss Michelle's belly and
come to rest between the naked thighs.  She continued to
suck the nipple, taking more and more of the other girl's
breast into her mouth.  Her tongue licked in large circles
around the nipple.  She heard Miss Michelle sigh again, a
little louder this time.  She felt her slide her legs apart a bit
so that a little puff of warmth and moisture seemed to ride
up over her hand.  She brought her hand up and felt the wet
flesh press against her thumb.  She had never touched
another girl that way before.  She found that she liked it. 
Miss Michelle moaned as she brushed across her clit.

     Suddenly emboldened, Sheryl started gently rubbing the
other girl's clit like she did her own when masturbating.

     The redhead took her hand and said, "Hang on a
second."

     "Yes, Miss Michelle?"

     "Go light that candle on the dresser and turn off the
lamp."

     "Yes, Miss Michelle."

     There were matches lying next to the candle.  When she
got back, Miss Michelle had removed her leather harness
and was lying back in center of the little bed.

     Sheryl stood at the foot of the bed and looked up
between Miss Michelle's legs at the sexy shape and pretty
face.  For a long moment she remembered that she had been
kidnapped and was being forced to do all this.  Then she
thought about Miss Michelle's words and decided she'd
better concentrate on doing as well as she could.

     Sheryl climbed onto the bed and carefully lay on top of
the other girl.  She started by kissing her again.  She
remembered how Marcie had made love to her on the
island.  She moved down, kissing the little redhead's neck
and breasts.  She remembered how Miss Michelle had
gotten her so hot and excited earlier.  She moved down still
further and started licking between her legs.

     At first Sheryl couldn't get her mind off of her situation.  
Tears rolled down her face and onto the hot flesh beneath 
her.  But eventually she was able to force herself to not 
think about it and to devote her attention to bringing the other
girl off as intensely as possible.

     Michelle was enjoying herself.  But she was also
assessing the other girl's technique.  Obviously, the tall blond
was only parroting what she had experienced with Marcie 
and what she had learned in the bathroom.  But so what.  She
was beautiful and sexy.  She would learn.  She was a natural
submissive who would break quickly and easily and serve
exactly as Mistress Tina would like her to.  Hell, she was
already half broken.  Eventually Michelle stopped thinking
and allowed herself to completely enjoy the sensation of the
other girl's tonguing.  She let herself climax.

     She let herself climax three times before she called
Sheryl off and put her down for the night.

*   *   *   *   *   End of Part 5   *   *   *   *   *

     TALL, BLOND AND BOUND
     by Zebulon

This story may be reposted anywhere as long as (1) proper 
credit is given, (2) I am informed of where it is being posted, 
and (3) I am allowed free access to the web site where it is 
being posted.








