Moona is a slut  wife 1

Jeevan<jeevan80@yahoo.com>

I met Moona in my office when she got transferred here from Delhi. Moona is a married lady and works as a personal secretary in our office. I was in the same office and worked as sales manager. We got to know each other soon and I found Moona very attractive sexually. 
	Moona is 32, Married with fabulous figure of 36, 25, 37, very fair. She has jet-black hair that are trimmed into nice short bob cut. Her complexion is fair and her eyes are brown and frankly speaking, very appealing. In short this is a foxy and sexy lady we have in our office. I observed her dresses, the way she is dressed and many other things before I took further steps to approach her. I found that she invariably wore salwar kameez. The material of the kameez was always transparent and she did not bother to wear any slip inside. Her 36" boobs look fantastic through the kameez. The front cunt is always broad and this used to give me opportunity to look into her ample boobs whenever she bent for some work in front of my table. WOW! The boobs were milk pots! If she bent more I could even see her areoles. The back cut was also broad and showed her shapely back as she turned and walked. Talk about her ass! My god! She was heavy assed with that 37 solid inches to fill in. she walked with swaying her ass not seductively but in a killing way. The swing was more to the left than right. That made her look very attractive. My eyes always fix on her swaying ass and my cock sways with them too.
	She used high heels, the worst part for us guys. That makes the hips sway even more and kill us. Agreed?  But the more I saw of this lady the more I felt that she was a game. She showed it many a times. She purposefully showed her body to me, might be she liked me. But I was sure I would fuck her one-day.
	One day we worked extra and it was 7 pm when we locked the office. ( hey there were 5 guys and her). I offered Mrs. Moona to drop her to her house and she agreed. We went on my bike. The traffic was heavy and I had to apply brakes often. And that made Moona's boobs touch my back. Ohhh god! Were they soft! I was getting excited and could not concentrate on driving and actually missed one or two accidents. Moona must have guessed it and she said, " Sir, are you comfortable? Or I am troubling your concentration? Don't worry I will put my hand around your waist so that you would be sure I am not going to fall off OK?"
And she did! That made me more hot and Moona knew it. Then she told me aomething which I did not expect from her.
	" Jeevan I am watching you for all these days and now I cant resist you. Why don't you come to my house tomorrow in the night with few of your best friends? You know what I mean? Yes I want to know better. And that's the reason I want to give you a party and my husband will be there too. It's a surprise for you.. Bring the friends along to increase the fun OK?"
	I was surely surprised but knew her intentions. But her husband would be there she told. Ohhh let him be there and watch. I called two of my best friends, Rakesh and Ashutosh. Both were about my age( 40-45) and I had enjoyed many women with them so I knew they were a game. Next day we three went to Moona's house. The house was decorated for a party nicely. Nice smell all over. Incense sticks were really exotic and we all felt pleasant. Moona was dressed in her Salwar- Kameez' the kameez was bright pink in colour with usual transparent fabric. She did not wear any Bra inside this time and we could see her aureoles and pointed nipples over the dress. She had put sober make up and had put on dark lipstick. Her walk told me that this was the woman to be fucked in her every hole!
	Moona introduced us to Asif, her husband. He was smart man with pleasant personality and I liked him. 
	"Moona talks a lot about you Jeevan. She always tells me that you are very nice to her and helps her a lot. That's wht I told her to bring you home. Relax and enjoy the party."
	We had some booze as usual in parties and Moona was serving us. You can imagine what condition we were in! each time Moona bent we had a nice view of her breasts. Bloddy hell! Sali humko garam kar rahi thi! We were concentrating on moona's boobs more than the drinks. After some few pegs I could not resist and keep quite.
	" Asif! Your wife is very beautiful. I cant resist to tell you this. She is the most beautiful woman I have seen so far. The way she walks! Ohh god you are lucky."
	"So you liked her? Do you want to see how beautiful she is? I will show you."
	Asif called Moona and asked her to stand in front of us. Moona was not a bit nervous but I think that this was all planned. Moona removed her dupatta and threw it on us. She stood before us with just her Kameez and Salwar. Her 36 boobs were very prominently poking at us and we could see the outline of her nipples and even the dark areoles.
" Come on Moona show them your boobs. Make them hot and hard. Come on dear remove that Kameez for them. Hey guys! Watch my wife. See how beautiful her boobs are. Come on Randi show them your body. Make Jeevan happy. He is your Boss."
	We were hypnotized as Moona removed her pink Kameez and pulled it off her head. Her heave boobs sprang free and she moved her body in such a way that those mammaries jiggled and so did our lunds. My friends looked at me and smiled. A very contented smile.
	" Hey Jeevan! Sali mast hai. Dekho Uske Mamme! Ohhhhhhhhhhhh! Jee chahata hai unko paas me rakhoo aur khoob maasaloo!" Rakesh exclaimed.
	Moona was now rubbing her own boobs for us. She had put her palms below the heavy globes and was lifting them. Her eyes were fixed on us and she said, " Jeevan! These are for you all. My husband wants you to knead them, rub them, chew those nipples and even fuck my mamme. Sala aapni bibi ko chudate dekhana chahata hai! Uska lund tab khada hota hai jaab wo muze 3-4 lund khate dekhata hai. Sala harami! Muze Randi banata hai aur khood muze chudwati ahi. Chalo mere mamme chooso."
	The slut talked and made us hot! Asif just smiled and asked us to do whatever we wanted with his wife Moona.
	" Yes! I want to watch my whore of a wife getting all the lund she can take. I love that/ Sali badi chuddakad hai! Aab tak 100 lund choot mein dalwa chooki hai. Chodo Sali ko. Uske saab holes lund se those do."
	Moona was still in her salwar and her boobs danced as she walked and invited us to fuck her. Her husband went in and brought a big Brinjal. It was long and thick, 10 inch long and 6 inch in circumference. I wondered what he was upto.
	" Come on my wife! Take this thing in your choot and show these men how hungry you are for big hard lunds. Remove the shalwar and give them a big show. Let them jsck off on your body. Let them take off their first cum so that they can fuck you for a longet time. Come on slut! Fuck that brinjal!"
	We looked as Moona removed her salwar and then panties. She threw the panties at us and I caught them. I put them to my nose and smelled . Ohh it smelled pussy juice and stale piss. Sali Randi! The panties were used for few days I suppose because the smell was very strong. This excited me and I told that to her husband.
	" Asif! Sali Randi! Aapni chaddi kitne din changfe nahi karti? Dekho kitna mast smell aa raha hai. Ohhhhhh Uski choot se poora pani chaddi par aa gaya hai. Ohhh Mera lund to khada ho gaaya smell se.!"
	" Jeevan! Aage Aage dekho hota hai kya! Sali kya kya karti hai dekho."
	Moona had spread her legs wide and was sucking on that big brinjal as if it was a lund. Her mouth opened wide and slowly she took half of the brinjal in her mouth. Her lips wound tightly against the fruit and her hands made the brinjal move in and out of her mouth. She took it out and then sensually licked the tip all over with her tongue fully out of her mouth. This slut was an expert teaser! She then rubbed the brinjal over her boobs and tickled her hard nipples with the tip. She was really giving us a show! Moona looked at us and offered us to lick the brinjal. She came near us and put that thing on our mouths and we licked it. It tasted her lipstick and saliva. She then sat in front of us and spread her legs wide giving us close-up view of her slut choot.
	Her choot was trimmed and the choot hair was cut into nice shape. The top portion of the slit was covered with sparse hair while the choot hole and the labia were shaved. She spread the choot and showed us the pink inside of the vagina. Ohhh she was really opened up and must have taken 100 lunds in that hole! The choot hole gaped at us and we could see the vaginal walls clearly.
	"Asif! Sali ki choot to bhosada baan gayee hai! Dekho uski choot kaise phail gayee hai! Sali aapni choot me 2 lund aaram se layegee!" I commented.
	" Yes she can take many lunds in her holes want to try? try it! I myself has arranged for 50 lunds for her choot and she fucks so many! I just can't keep record!"
	Moona laughed. A real sluttish laughter!  She placed the brinjal at the choot hole and pushed it inside slowly. Her choot hole stretched and the fruit went in easily. Moona moved her ass a little to adjust the big thing in her choot and it went about half. She then took it out and licked it. She tasted her own choot juice and licked her lips smiling seductively at us.
" Come on boys! Taste my choot from this."
We too licked the brinjal and tasted her choot juice. It tasted nice. Moona asked us to take out our lunds so that we would be comfortable watching her. We hurriedly pulled off our clothes and freed our lunds. Moona was eagerly watching us in anticipation as our lunds stood erect.
	" WOW nice lunds for me Asif! See that jeevans lund! Oohhh  its more than 8 inches long and thick too.. Ohh the one on Ashutosh is small but it will be good for my asshole. Sala gaand mein mast rahega! Ohh Ramesh! Tera to 7 inch bada hai! Choosne ke liye mast hai! Ohhhhhh Ye bada baingan choot mein ghusedo! Ohhh fuck! Chodo! Sala Asif! Dal meri choot mein baata teri wife kitna mota lund kha saakati hai!"
	Asif got up and pushed the big brinjal brutally in his wifes choot. Ohhh the slut took it all in one swift motion. Moona started to move her ass to fuck the brinjal and Asif just held it near her choot to allow her to fuck it easily. Moona fucked and fucked. The brinjal was glistening with the choot juice and some was dripping on the floor. I could not resist the sight and signaled my friends to watch the slut closely. We all went near the slut and stood there rubbing our lunds frantically. Moona let out a shrill moan and he rbody stiffened and she came! Her entire body shook in the pleasure of the intense orgasm she was having. We all jacked off and deposited our cum on Moona's Boobs, face, stomach and almost entire body. Her body was coated with globs of cum all over. This made Moona cum for 2 time! Asif too was jacking off and offered his cum to his wife's mouth. She took it in her mouth and let it remain there.
She opened her mouth and showed us Asif's cum. She then moved her tongue to rotate the thick gum in her mouth and then she brought it on her tongue and then in one gulp swallowed it. Asif smiled at us and told us to do anything with this slut. She was all ours for the night.
	I was always experimenting and this time it was no different. I put my softening Lund in Moona's choot and pissed. The hot piss filled her choot and overflowed from it.' Take this piss bath slut! Sali Randi! Le mera moot! Ooohhhhhhh Sali ki choot kitni garam hai! Chal aab teri gaand ko moot pilata hu!"
I asked Asif to spit on her gand and then inserted my semi hard lund in her asshole. Her asshole was loose, may be because she was used to take lunds in her ass. I pissed in her asshole and gave her piss enema. Her bowels were filled with my piss and I think she had real good enema. She hurriedly got up and ran to the toilet. We too followed her. She sat in the toilet and started top shit! Ohhh my enema was powerful and she was cleaning her bowels!
Asif was very much excited and he too watched his wife squatting and shitting.
" Ohhh Jeevan! You have given her strong enema! This is the first time she is shitting when somebody pissed in her bowels. Ohhh god see that slut! Dirty whore! Shitting inn front off all of us!!"
	My friends could not control their bladders and thy too pissed there right on the shitting slut. Ohhh god we were so dirty! Pissing and shitting! Yes we all liked that. You know a woman shitting is very rare sight. And I can assure you that you have not seen your wife shitting did u? If yes write to me.
SO we cooled down a little as we cleaned ourselves before we went any further. Moona poured ample water on her asshole and cleaned it.
"Hey you have to lick it so let me clean it for you all" she said. We again assembled in the hall. The big brinjal was lying there unattended and I threw it away. It was of no use now. The real game was to start now!
I had decided to treat this woman as our slave slut and for that I had to degrade her. I asked Moona to sit in front of us (we were sitting on a couch) and then lick out feet. Ohhhhh I think nobody had told this to her anytime so she looked at her husband.
"Come on dear wife! Do what he tells you. After all he is the boss, your boss. Even if he tells to eat his shit, you have to. You are at his mercy now!" Asif clarified.
The naked slut started to lick our feet one by one. Her boobs swayed as she did it and we caressed them with our feet, lightly kicking them and making them sway with the force of the feet.
Ohh its time to give this to my dear Moona! Don't go away and wait for the next part..
