This is the first story I ever wrote, I hope you like it. It's about my
favorite subject, lesbians.
As usual, comments welcome.

Megan and Jan's quiet Afternoon
Part 1
by C. Rose


 The feelings flowing through her body were like none she had ever
experienced before. A drop of sweat was running down her neck and between
her breasts. Her whole body was burning up with arousal and wanting, it was
so confusing and strange to her. Her nipples were rock hard and her pussy
was literally dripping. The material of her oversized red and black stripped
sweater was rubbing her nipples in just the right way, to send little
shivers of pleasure through her whole body. The sway of her black, knee
length skirt was also adding to her strange feelings of over whelming
wanting. Jan had to stop and lean against a wall near the shoe store she and
Megan had just left. She could tell that her inner thighs were soaking wet
and that a drop of her juice was beginning to slowly run down her leg. She
was standing there gasping for air and trying not to pull her skirt up to
touch her self. Why was this happening? Why now, here of all places?
 It had started 2 hours ago when she and Megan had arrived at Reko Mall for
some serious shopping and fun. They had spent their first hour in the food
court slowly drinking their 32oz lemonades and just relaxing before they
started. When the feelings had started during the first hour, she had just
thought that she was getting horny, but it quickly became very intense,
taking her breath away and causing her to have some very strange ideas and
thoughts. Their first stop that day had only worsened the problem, because
of Megan's flirtatious nature. She had a somewhat bad reputation as a slut
and was a classic looker, but she found that the rumors about Megan were
simply only part of the truth. Her white sundress was a bit revealing in the
right light or in the way she moved and she had mid-back length light brown
hair that surrounded her head like a halo. The Shoe Store had been their
first stop that day for about 20 minutes, looking at shoes they couldn't
afford and Megan flirting with the old sales man. She would show him more
thigh than was decent and it also served to remind Jan that Megan did not
normally wear underwear, this was most definitely not one of them. The sales
man had been noticeably hard by the time they left.
 Throb! Throb!! Throb!!! Jan tried to stifle the gasp of lust that jumped
out of her mouth. "Jan are you all right, you're all flushed and breathing
hard." Megan said with an odd look.
 "I'm fine Megs, just a bit winded, that's all, I think I'm just a bit tired
for some reason." Jan said as she adjusted her sweater for more comfort.
 "Well all right Jan, whatever you say. Hey! Look, a Victoria's Secret
Store, lets go in and look around, O.K.?"
 "Sure Megs, it sounds like it could be fun.." Jan mumbled as Megan dashed
ahead into the store and to the back. The bra section, all lace and cotton
blends, this section caused Jan to once again notice that Megan was well
endowed, about 38cc at least, and that she was not wearing a bra. Jan
throbbed at the thought and had to stifle another moan.
 Throb! Throb!! That drop of juice had reached her ankle! For the next hour
we wandered around the mall looking around and having fun, but by this time
Jan was dripping on the floor of the various stores in a very embarrassing
way. She tried to move around so that no one would notice the drops, though
one or two girls did notice her situation and blushed! Of all things! Soon
after this, they stopped to get more drinks and take and take a few minutes
for a break. As Megan went to get the drinks Jan found that her legs were so
weak that she had to collapse into a chair to wait for Megan. It had been an
hour and a half and she had had begun to get a little more comfortable with
the strength of these strange feelings. When Megan returned they finished
the drinks and continued to wander for another hour or so, when a flash of
pure desire just swept over her whole body, causing Jan to moan loudly.
 "Jan...Jan...! What's wrong?" Megan said as Jan leaned against a wall and
tried to keep control of her body. As she was almost overwhelmed by desire,
her hands strayed towards her crotch and she was shivering violently.
 "Megs, I feel strange today, can we go back to my house so that I can lie
down for awhile." She just wanted to go somewhere that she could masturbate
like mad.
 "Your house Jan? Why? We haven't even found anything to buy yet!"
 "Please Megs we can come back tomorrow. I really need to lie down and rest
for a while." I said with a lustful whine.
 " Oh all right, but when we get to your house, I want to know what's really
wrong with you." Megan said with a flip of her hair. This caused Jan to
become very aware of her own looks, she just had to adjust her pony tail and
for some reason, almost panicking over how the blonde hair must look in the
sun light. Jan also noticed that she was sweating heavily and had started to
glisten. Throb!!!!
 To tell the truth she do not even remember the walk to the car or as Megan
drove them back to Jan's house. She did recall getting home though, because
that was when all the fun began. She staggered over to the lay-z-boy chair
and collapsed into it, kicking off her shoes and reclining back with a sigh
of pleasure. During this time Megan was repeatedly asking what was going on,
why had they left. By this time Jan was in such thrall of the lovely
sensations trying to take over her body. The air flowing across her skin
made it so that she couldn't focus on anything for longer than a few
seconds. Jan was startled back into reality as Megan climbed into the chair
and sat in her lap, her hands on Jan's shoulders. Megan's breasts were
straining against her sundress, right in Jan's face! Then Jan remembered
that Megan wasn't wearing any PANTIES!!! Her sex was only a couple of inches
from her own. Jan watched mesmerized as Megan slowly moved her hands and
undid the top two buttons of her dress and exposed even more of her
cleavage.
 This began to make Jan feel really strange, unlike anything she had
experienced yet. This is because she had never actually had sex before and
had only been masturbating since about 14, 3 years ago. "Jan I think I know
what's wrong with you, though I have never seen it this strong before."
Megan leaned forward and smiled wickedly.
 "Megan....what are...please get off of my lap. You're not wearing any
panties, remember?"
 "If this is the case, I'll help you the same as I helped my sister get
through this stage." Megan undid a third button, Jan couldn't help but watch
in fascination and desire.
 "T-to help me through what...Megan get off!" It was at this exact minute
that Jan found that she was of two minds on this situation. One was to stop
this and to go masturbate after she'd got rid of Megan, the other realized
that Megan was more that willing to have sex with her and that she really
wanted it to happen, her heart racing as she tried to gain some control. Her
conscious mind lost this battle when Megan slowly reached down and ran her
hands over Jan's thighs and caused her to moan as a wave of pleasure
followed in the wake of Megan's fingers. "Megan...I don't know...what if
someone comes home..."
 "Oh don't worry Jan, well just go to your room and play for a while." Megan
said this as she was lifting Jan's sweater up to expose the breasts. "Oh
they're just perfect Jan! 32B right?" Jan nodded at her correct guess. " You
know Jan, your nipples have been so hard all day that I could see them
through your sweater, it's been very hard not to tell you and touch them,
but now..." Megan bent down and began to suck on the nipples. Back and
forth, lightly biting them, the sensations flowing though Jan's body at this
point caused her to actually have the first of many orgasms she would to
have this day. It was so intense that all she could do was sit there and
shudder as Megan continued to just kiss the super sensitive nipples. This
continued as her hands moved down so that she was playing with my ass under
my skirt. All resistance at this point drained out of her as Jan grabbed
Megan and kissed her with everything she had, it seemed to last forever.
When they finally broke apart several minutes later, she got up and removed
her sweater. Then hugged and kissed Megan so hard that their breasts were
crushed together. That hug felt so good that Jan was almost unable to let go
of her. Holding hands, they made their way to Jan's bedroom, where they shut
and locked the door. Jan sat on the edge of her bed and lifted the skirt up
to show Megan just how aroused she really was, the white panties were so wet
that her pussy was plainly visible and the inner thighs were glistening with
her juices.
 Standing in front of Jan and leaning forward, Megan released another button
on her dress and let her large breasts fall out. They had very large areola
with regular good sized nipples, Megan said, "Now Jan I want you to sit on
the bed so that you're barely on the edge, lean back and open your legs for
me...that's right." She kneeled down, slowly took the socks off, and ran her
hands over Jan's thighs. " Now just close your eyes and relax Jan, you're
just so wet!!" She exclaimed. Jan let out a gasp of surprise as Megan
suddenly kissed her just inches from her aroused pussy, it felt so dam good
that she cried out and arched her back off the bed. She felt Megan lick her
inner thighs and heard, "you taste great Jan" at one point. Her only problem
was that Megan seemed to be totally ignoring the one spot Jan wanted her
to...Megan stopped and stood up. Jan was so shocked that she sat up!
 "Lay back down Jan, were just beginning this." Megan giggled. As Jan lay
back down Megan reached out and peeled the soaking panties off, it felt so
erotic that Jan gasped had another mini-orgasm! Tossing them on the floor,
Megan kneeled back down and took Jan's skirt off, the last of her clothing.
 The first swipe of Megan's tongue sent an electrical shock throughout Jan's
body, she gasped at the intensity of it. Every lick of Megan's tongue, every
nibble, every caress caused her to moan and writhe more and more powerfully.
She lost track of the time, Megan's tongue causing all the little spasms to
become one long orgasm of such power that Jan could hardly breath from
moaning so much. As Megan continued to lick her, Jan felt something building
up inside of her womb; all of a sudden Megan stuck the tip of her thumb in
Jan's ass! Jan came, and found that what she had been experiencing was
nothing compared to this, It was so powerful that she sprayed Megan's face
and breasts with her juices, screamed in pure lust, and passed out!!
 When she opened her eyes, she could still feel the incredible orgasm
subsiding and flowing in waves of intense pleasure. Megan was leaning on the
bed looking at her, Megan's face was covered in Jan's juices, her hair was
plastered to the top of her head, and the pussy juice was running between
her breasts and down her stomach.
 "Jan when you cum, you cum! I've never come across another girl who could
soak the bed like I do. You have the most delicious pussy I ever tasted, and
I've has several."
 Jan leaned over and kissed Megan, tasting her own juice on Megan's lips,
yum! "Oh, Megan, you've got me all hot. I've hot to have you!!"
 "Sure Jan, just lick all your juice off my face and breasts, and just do as
you want Jan" Jan did just that, licking everywhere and kissing everything
until she noticed that Megan was really enjoying it. Jan continued to kiss
her way down Megan's neck and to the valley between both breasts...Megan
moaned! Jan sat up and helped Megan take her dress off, then hungrily
attacked her nipples. Megan's huge breasts were the first she had ever felt
and Jan was hooked instantly. For the next several minutes Jan really played
it to the hilt and had Megan breathing heavily and moaning loudly by the
time she moved up and kissed her. This one lasted ever longer than the last
one! Jan worked her way back down Megan's body, softly kissing the bottoms
of each breast and the licking the belly button, Megan moaned loudly when
she did this! Then Jan noticed, for the first time, that she could smell
Megan's pussy, it made her mouth water in anticipation. She move down a bit
further to get a good look at her friend. It was beautiful, the lips were
pealed open just slightly, showing a bright, very wet, pink color, but what
surprised her the most was that Megan was bald down there!! She touched the
skin where the hair should have started and got another moan out of Megan.
It felt incredible to have a woman's sex so close to her and could do
anything she wanted with it. She slowly bent down and watched as a drop of
juice formed and began to slide down Megan's pussy. Jan stuck her tongue out
and  very gently licked that drop up, just brushing the skin. It tasted like
sweet wine! Megan gasped and grabbed Jan's head and pushed closer to her
pussy. She watched in fascination as Megan flooded herself, and started to
ooze out. She has a heavy flow of juice when very aroused! Jan planted her
tongue inside and began to gently lick the glistening outer lips.
 "OHHH!! Jan do it faster, stick in a finger or two, that feels great!"
Megan gasped, panting for breath.
 Jan continued to lap at her until Megan raised her waist off the bed and
began to scream into one of the pillows. As her pussy began to go into
spasms, Jan stuck her middle in the pussy. "Oh god! Do it harder Jan!
Harder!!" Megan screamed at her. Jan looked up and saw that Megan's eyes
were half closed and her face was completely flushed, a line of drool had
ran down off her chin! She could also tell that lust and passion were
written on her face as she continued to push her fingers in and out of her.
Jan inserted yet another finger and got a scream of "MORE!!!"
 Megan's back arched off the bed and she built towards her first orgasm. It
was at this point that Jan noticed that she had a flow of Megan's pussy
juices flowing down her arm, even she had never done that before!! She
inserted yet a another finger, her third, and began to suck and lick at
Megan's clitoris. Head muffled with the pillow again, Megan's screams became
louder and louder over the next several minutes, until she froze in place
with her back and waist arched off the bed. A slow squeak slowly built in
her until Megan's orgasm exploded in a series of multi-orgasmic contractions
that caused her to scream so loud that the neighbors must have heard it.
Megan's juices began to fountain out of her and around Jan's fingers. She
continued to lap at her until Megan collapsed on the bed, in a heap. Jan
watched in fascination as Megan's contracting muscles made her Pussy vibrate
and expel more juice, which she continued to drink until it stopped several
minutes later.
 "Jan, that was incredible, I haven't had an orgasm that powerful in
 months." Megan said as she sat up and began to lick Jan clean, when she
finished they hugged and kissed again. One of Megan's hands caressed Jan's
butt and the other started to probe Jan's pussy. Jan could tell that Megan
had a lot of experience at this. Pushing Jan down on the bed, Megan
straddled her in the classic 69 position and began to really probe Jan's
pussy with her mouth and fingers. Jan grabbed Megan's ass and began to suck
with all she had. It was amazing the amount of time they spent in this
position, pleasuring each other, nearly 3 hours! By this time Jan was in a
state of total sexual bliss and shock. They ended this magic afternoon by
rubbing their clits together, they kept this up for about 10 minutes, slowly
building each other to another orgasm and moaning in tandem, they collapsed
into each other's arms, completely exhausted.
 When they awoke, Jan snuck Megan into the bathroom, where they took a bath
together, fondling and rubbing each other almost constantly. By the time
they were done, it was 10 at night and Megan had to go home. So Jan let her
out and went back to her room, she went back to sleep totally satisfied and
feeling better than she had in weeks. She wondered if just maybe she could
get Megan to come and do this again, or perhaps my neighbor Jessica.





 
