This is a work of adult fiction. If you are offended by such
material, please exit NOW.



FM, NC




Night Nurse

By Tom Anon

The middle of the 11 to 7 shift was usually quiet in Lincoln
Hospital. As a very expensive private hospital, the rules were
strict. No colorful smocks or pant suits for the nurses. The
Administrator insisted on the traditional white uniforms,
stockings, and caps. Decorum was the order of the day, and
insisted upon by the hospitals wealthy and often famous patients.

Only the dim lights and softly beeping monitors were signs that
there were patients on the Sixth Floor. It was a slow night, with
only one-third of the rooms in the Orthopedics service being
occupied. With the charts finished, and all the patients quiet,
the head nurse took a break and left the two students in charge.

"Did you check out that hunk in 637?" asked Marnie. "I think he's
a college football player. It looks like he injured his foot, and
they are operating on it tomorrow. He's luck to have a double
room with no roommate."

"Yeah, he's a big guy, for sure," answered Joann.

"You've got that right. But have you checked on him lately?"

"Why should I? I'm sure he's OK. The monitors are all normal"

"Trust me, it's worth a walk down the hall."

Joann reluctantly walked down to 637 and quietly entered the
room. In the dim night-light she could see that the patient had
let his gown slide up his thighs. Peeking out was the biggest
cock she had ever seen.

"Oh, my God," she said to herself, "That must be what Marnie was
talking about."

Marnie was waiting for her return with a smirk on her face.

"Isn't that awesome? I wonder what it would look like if he had a
hard on?"

"You'll never know," replied Joann. "But it would be sight to
see. It's as thick as my wrist, and must be ten inches long to
peek out of his gown the way it does."

"I have an idea, but you can't tell anyone. Promise?"

"Scouts honor, but what are you talking about?"

"Come with me, and keep very quiet."

Marnie entered the room and leaned over the bed, with her mouth
just inches away from the head of his cock.

"Watch this," she whispered.

She began very gently blowing soft, warm breaths at his cock
head. It seemed to do the trick, since his cock first twitched,
and then began to rise like a drawbridge. His breaths were still
steady, and he seemed to be sleeping soundly.

"I've never even imagined anything like that," Joann whispered
quietly. "We'd better get our butts out of here in case he wakes
up. Can you imagine what that thing would feel like in your
pussy?"

"I sure have, and I can feel my panties getting wet already."

When they got back to the nurse's station, Joann excused herself
and left Marnie alone. She couldn't get that monster cock out of
her mind, and slid her hand up under her stiff white uniform
skirt. When she touched her clit through her panties, she could
feel waves of excitement pulsing through her body. She really
wanted to see that again, but when she heard Joann's returning
footsteps, she quickly picked up a chart and pretended she had
been looking through it.

"Cover for me, will you? I've got some things I need to do."

The thought of that cock was drawing her back to 637. When she
entered the room, she waited very quietly to be sure he was
asleep. His cock, now limp, was lying fully exposed against his
thigh.

Once again, she started to breathe on the tip of his cock, with
the same rewarding results as before. This time, she was shocked
to realize that he wasn't asleep, as she had thought.

"Go ahead and touch it, it you want. You seemed to enjoy its
company last time."

She tentatively wrapped her fingers around it, and gave it a
gentle squeeze.

"That feels terrific, why don't you try moving your hand up and
down."

"I couldn't, if I ever got caught jacking a patient off, I would
lose my job."

"Listen, if anyone found out what you have already done, you
would be history anyway. And they WILL find out, if you don't
cooperate."

She felt his hand slid up under her skirt to her thigh above the
elastic top of her white stocking, caressing the bare flesh. The
feel of his finger rubbing her panties against her dripping cunt
made her gasp, and she tightened her grip on his cock, and began
slowly moving her hand up and down. From his contented sigh, and
the increased activity of his fingers, she knew she had passed
the point of no return, and after touching her dripping panties,
he knew it, too.

His finger pried the crotch of her panties aside, and slipped up
into her cunt, with his thumb now rubbing back and forth on her
clit. His hand then gripped the waistband of her panties, and
pulled them down so that they dropped on the floor.

"Now give it a kiss, will you?"

Knowing she was in his control, she did as he directed, and
wrapped her lips around the head of his cock. It was a mouthful,
and she could only get an inch or two of the end into her mouth.

"Oh, yes," he moaned. "That feels so good! I think I'm ready now"

"Ready for what?" she asked.

"You'll see, just stand over facing the empty bed and I'll show
you. Bend down and rest your elbows on the sheet. And take off
that uniform, you won't be needing it for a few minutes."

The sight of her bare ass under her hiked up uniform skirt was
almost more than he could stand. With her elbows resting on the
low bed, her ass was sticking up in the air. He watched
approvingly as her uniform dropped to the floor. He got out of
bed and walked over to the other bed, and started touching the
controls. As the motor buzzed, she could feel the bed rising
until she was bent over at a right angle.

"My God, she thought, he's going to fuck me right here and now."
She slipped out of her uniform and prepared for what was coming.
The next thing she felt was his stiff cock rubbing against the
back of her thighs.

She wriggled her ass until the tip of his cock was barely
slipping into her cunt. It was huge, but she stretched over it,
and could feel it throbbing inside her pussy. She then pushed
back at him, as he thrust toward her, and she felt the entire
length of it filling her vagina. With each thrust, it seemed to
go deeper. His arms wrapped around her and his hands caressed her
bare tits, squeezing them in time with each push.

It was almost like trying to drink out of a fire hydrant, but she
had never felt so completely excited. She loosened one hand and
began caressing her clit as he stroked, and knew that she would
never have another moment like this.

As she felt him slide out of her cunt, she had a moment of panic.
What if he tries to stick that thing up my ass?

He moistened his fingers with her pussy juices and began running
them around and into her asshole, making it a slippery target,
then probed inside with his finger. His cock then pressed against
her hole, and slowly began forcing its way inside. She felt like
she was sitting on top of a telephone pole, but was surprised at
how good it felt. Once again, the two bodies thrust toward each
other, and it was hard to tell who was the more excited. She won,
and, as he continued pounding in her ass, had the strongest
orgasm she had ever experienced.

"Had enough?" he asked.

"Oh, yes. It was unbelievable."

"Now get down on your knees in front of me, and finish that blow
job."

She had no choice in the matter, and did as he asked, closing her
lips over the tip, and licking under the head with her tongue.
When he had had enough, he pulled his cock out of her mouth and
began rapidly jacking off. When he started to cum, she realized
that it would be all over her face and tits. Blob after blob of
cum squirted out, soaking her face and chest and dripping down
onto her stomach.

"Thanks for the tender loving care," he told her. "I think I had
better get back to bed. And don't tell anyone our little secret."

"Fat chance," she thought.

She slipped into the bathroom and wiped the cum off her face and
tits, and put her uniform back on. She tried to control her
quaking as she walked back to the nurses' station.

"Did you finish what you needed to do?" asked Joann.

"You'll never know," she replied, with a satisfied smile on her
face, "You'll absolutely, positively never know."

The End



Disclaimer: Unprotected sex is fine in fiction, but can be deadly
in real life.





