Hostess with the Mostest

   (MF, cheat)

   Edited by Lance Vargas

   How in the world did anyone ever find this bar in the first place?  I
would not expect a house to be on this little dirt road in the woods, much
less a bar full of people.  And talk about full!  I could hear the sounds
through the closed car windows and immediately began to rethink accepting
this invitation from my brother-in-law to come here.

   I had been living in an apartment for over two months after I took a job
offer in the same town where my brother-in-law, Stan, lived with his wife
Bette.  My wife and family were still back in Ohio waiting for school to
end before they would join me in another two months.

   Knowing that I was probably bored out of my gourd sitting in the
apartment alone every night, Stan called and invited me to a birthday bash
for a friend at a country bar.

   "Hey, it'll be cool!" he pitched.  "There will be a whole lot of people
there, so you won't look out of place.  Probably a lot of free beer,
probably some karaoke and dancing.  We won't stay out too late; come on. 
It'll be fun."

   What have I got to lose?  An evening in front of the boob tube or free
beer?  I'm there.

   "Oh, yeah, wear shorts and flip-flops.  It's real casual.  I mean, real
casual," Stan offered.

   But I mean, really, there's casual, and there's this...  this bar in the
woods.  Yeah, it's got beer signs outside, so they have electricity, that's
good.  But it's in the woods!  All I could see nearby were little wooden
shacks.

   But we parked and walked into the place.  The noise was deafening, but
the first thing I felt was a cold bottle of beer being pushed in my hands,
and this big, burly hulk of a guy with a huge smile saying "hi."

   "Uh, hi, I'm Brad," I offered.

   But before I could thank him or even get his attention he had turned and
grabbed Stan by his shoulder whipping him around and pushing a beer into
his hand.

   "Mike!," Stan shouted.  I could barely make out what Stan was telling
me, but it was something like, "Brad, this is Mike.  He organized the
party."

   "Hey Mike," I grabbed his huge paw, still cold and wet from holding the
beer.

   "Go eat," he yelled in my ear.  "There's a full table over there with
lots of good shit.  Help yourself."

   And he was off being the good host.

   I followed Bette as she hugged and laughed with her friends as she'd
meet them.  When she noticed me behind her she began to introduce me to the
ladies explaining who I was and my situation.

   Each said hello and told me that I was going to have fun tonight.

   I smiled and thanked them and headed toward the food.

   With my plate piled high I made my way to a far corner of the saloon to
eat and drink and just watch the festivities.  Boy, this place was packed
and it seemed that everybody knew each other, and as I feared, I was the
odd one out.

   The crowd looked to be a bit older than me, quite a bit older than me. I
figured most at probably 50 and above.  Due to lack of female companionship
over the last few, long weeks, I had developed a habit of watching pretty
girls in public and playing with my fantasies.  Well, it sure looked like
slim pickings tonight, unless I raised my minimum age by a few decades.  I
should have guessed, I mean, Stan's about 10 years older than me, so
naturally his friends...  oh well.

   And then I saw her.  A blonde came walking out of the kitchen with a
casserole dish in her gloved hands.  Compared to everyone else in the place
she was hot!  Yeah, she probably would not have made my radar in a crowded
mall, but at least I knew that I would have some entertainment this evening
just watching this beauty move about the place.

   It was as if I were in a trance watching her rearrange the table to fit
the dish.  She had short blonde hair and was full-figured.  No, not really
fat, but with an ample bosom; no, I mean really big tits.  Her ass was the
absolute perfect size for her frame - not huge but just right.  I saw her
joke with some of the guys near the table, and she had a real flirty manner
about her.  Damn, who was she?  And is she going to stay in the kitchen all
night?  I immediately started a fantasy about her.  I just wanted to see
those tits again.

   My reverie was broken when Bette and one of her friends came to sit at
the table with me.

   "Brad, this is Susie.  She's the wife of the birthday boy," Bette
offered.

   I shook her hand and we talked a bit about our jobs, her hubby, the
kids. Then a couple of more of the women came by to see Bette, and I was
introduced to them as well.  I realized that I was meeting just the women
and few of the guys.  I kinda liked that.

   "Who's the kid?" another lady coming from the bar asked Bette.  It's
been a long time since I was called a kid, and at 42 you'd think I could
sit at the grown-up table.  But like I said, the crowd was appreciably my
senior.

   As I was talking to one of the women on my left I felt two strong arms
grab my shoulders, and I looked forward in surprise.  Blondie was right
there holding me at arm's length looking at me!  I was trying to figure out
what was going on.  Did she see me ogling her?  Did I do something wrong?
Damn, those tits are even bigger up close!  All of these things went
through my mind in milliseconds.

   "Oh my god, I thought he was Earl, Bette!  I was saying, 'what's Earl
doing here?' He kind of looked like Earl from the side, but he's a whole
lot better looking than Earl, that's for sure!" she exclaimed.

   The other women concurred, "you got that right," "he's not Earl, that's
for sure," "he makes Earl look like a pile of shit."

   I didn't know who Earl was, but I'm glad I wasn't him.  But I'm glad I
resembled him if only to get Blondie's attention.

   "Hi, I'm Frankie," she offered.

   I started, "I'm..."

   "This is my brother-in-law, Brad," Bette began her story which all the
other women had already heard.

   "So, you moving here?" Frankie asked.

   "Yes, I'm living in an apartment now near downtown.  Nice commute; I
walk to work."

   "Oh, a bachelor pad, huh?  Bet there's some wild times in there some
nights," she winked at me and laughed with the women.

   "Oh yeah, real wild, like when I burn the popcorn in the microwave, or
wash whites with colors," I joked.

   We laughed a bit more, then Frankie left to take care of the food table
again.

   Bette offered, "she's Mike's wife, you know."

   No, I didn't know.  I didn't understand if she was just stating a fact
or giving me a warning.  Whatever, I could still watch her move about, but
from now on I was going to make sure that Mike didn't catch me.

   I ate a bit more and drank even more.  I even paid for a couple of
drinks when one of the friends wasn't watching.  There were a few older
guys there who took pleasure in filling their buddies' needs in the
drinking department.  I guess an ego thing.  I even got cussed at for
buying a beer by some old coot sitting at the bar.

   "Damn, boy.  Tell me next time you need a fucking beer.  You don't need
to be going spending none of your own damn money," he slurred.

   I thanked him and told him I'd get him next time.

   Before I made it back to my table bright lights came on and the jukebox
was silenced.  Mike had a microphone in his hand and wished a happy
birthday to whoever the guy was who was having this birthday...  Susie's
husband, whatever his name is.  Then he thanked all those people who helped
put on the party, especially his wife, Frankie, who worked her butt off
organizing food, but she's still got a ways to go to work it all off, he
quipped.  Then he thanked everybody for showing up to celebrate.  Then he
thank me saying "We even got people who came all the way from Ohio to be
here tonight.  Thanks for coming, Brad!"

   And the ladies started to clap and cheer.  Then the men started joking
and hollering about the "young thing" or "fresh meat."

   As soon Mike finished speaking the lights were lowered again and the
voice of a DJ came on saying it was dancing time.  Of course, this being a
country bar the music of choice was country and western, and the first song
was a line dance song.  All the women, at least those that could stand,
attacked the dance floor and began moving as one, in rhythm with the music.
Damn, some of those old women could move!

   But, of course, one stood out from the lot - Frankie.  She was there,
over to the right, dancing with a wiggle that was driving me crazy.  I
watched her heavy breasts bounced as she moved and bounced herself.

   Dammit, I was getting an erection just watching her.  I felt like I was
back in high-school again.  Let's see, it's been eight damn weeks since I
got laid.  Hell, I'm overdue for an erection about now.  Might as well sit
back and enjoy it.  I could take matters in hand when I got back home.

   The next few songs were the old classics, some Texas Swing and
two-steps. I enjoyed watching the couples having fun on the floor.  I wish
that my wife were here to dance or that I could work up the courage to ask
one of the women to dance.  Of course, I knew which one I would ask.

   A hand on my shoulder "woke" me up from my daydreaming.  Frankie.

   "Come on," she said as she grabbed my hand and led me to the dance
floor.

   I didn't even have time to object.  It was almost like a continuation of
my fantasy where I was watching her from afar.  Now I was watching her
right in front of me, and, boy, was I getting an eyeful!

   She gyrated to the music with an extra beat in her hips; her boobs
bouncing about barely controlled beneath her blouse.  I stared openly with
a smile on my face as I tried to move to the music as well.

   She saw me staring a few times but would just smile, close her eyes and
turn her head.  Maybe it was my imagination, but every time she would catch
me stealing a look at her chest she would put just a little more "oomph" in
her hips, or she would turn around with her back to me and thrust her
cheeks towards me.

   Shit, I was dancing with a hard-on now.  Yep, just like in high school
over 20 years ago.

   When the song ended, I took her hand and thanked her for the dance; she
instead responded by hugging me tightly.

   "I just saw you sittin' there by yourself, and I just had to be a good
hostess," she said into my ear.

   I limped back to my seat, thankful for the dim light offering camouflage
to my swollen crotch.

   Twenty minutes.  That's how long it took for my dick to recede.  And
that's how long it took for Frankie to approach my table for another dance.

   "I figured you're too shy to ask me, but I'm not too shy to ask the
cutest boy in the room to dance with me," she said.

   "Well, cutest girl, cutest boy, they should dance together, don't you
think?" I asked.

   "Yep, they should," she paused to consider me and smiled.

   Now, I don't two-step too well, so she yelled in my ear that she would
lead.  Fine by me.  I have to say I did pretty good after a while.  We
weren't the best couple on the dance floor, but not too shabby.  But one
thing I did notice, and believe me, it was hard not to notice, that a
couple of buttons had been undone at the top of her blouse, because she was
now showing cleavage where before there was none visible.  And trust me,
that was the first thing I looked for when she came to the table the first
time.  But now I could see the valley of pleasure directly beneath her
neck. My fantasies were interfering with my dancing, but I managed to keep
the beat.

   When that song ended I was winded and sweating.  I thanked her again,
but instead of a hug this time she held my arm keeping me on the floor.

   A slow song started up and she immediately put her arms around my neck.
I had no choice but to dance with her or make her look foolish, and I had
no intention of doing that.

   So we danced on the crowded floor.  We had become a dance couple that
evening, but I don't think anyone took notice.

   I swear I was running a fever.  Her head was on my chest, and she was
pulling me in close.  I felt her huge breasts pushing into me, almost
grinding into my ribs.  Was it my imagination?  It was hard to tell exactly
what she was doing while we were dancing, but it sure felt like she was
rubbing herself all over me.

   Her next move was unmistakable.  Our feet were barely moving on the
floor; we were simply swaying in one place when she ground her crotch into
mine, grazing my upright erection with her hips.  She did it again, then
again.  She turned her head up and looked at me with these sexy eyes.  I
just stared at her not sure what to say, if anything.

   She looked up at me through sultry eyes and smiled.

   "Did I do that," she purred and ground into my crotch again moving my
dick from side to side.

   I nodded meekly.

   "Good," she said putting her head back on my chest.

   Everyone so often she would push into my crotch again making me harder
than ever.  Her chest continued to be pressed firmly into mine, so I would
move both hands up her back rubbing the sides of her breasts with my
forearms.  She moaned.

   The song ended, and I figured so did my fantasy.  But it appeared that
Frankie had other ideas.

   "Meet me in the kitchen, through that door over there," she nodded
toward the side of the bar.

   She left in another direction, but I did as I was instructed, as if I
were programmed.

   As I entered the kitchen she came around through a back way and said,
"Over here," and we walked out of the bar into one of the shacks that was
near the door and connected to the bar with an awning.

   She reached down near the floor and turned on a nightlight that was
plugged into the wall.  There were cases of beer lining the walls.  We were
in the store room.

   Frankie grabbed my neck as if we were going to dance again.  She swayed
her hips and ground her breasts and her pelvis into me, but this time
looked straight at me with these sexy eyes.  I could do little else but
give her a sexy smile back.

   "You like this," she asked.

   "I love this," I replied.

   "Then you'll really love this," she countered, and she unzipped my pants
and began to fish my erection through the fly.

   I have never in my life been unfaithful to my wife.  Tempted many times,
but I always managed to be stronger than the temptation.  But then the
temptation has never touched my bare dick before.  And when a man's cock is
in the hands of another woman, I guarantee you that there is only one brain
in the room capable of rational thought, and it ain't his.

   She stroked it slowly a couple of times from my balls to the tip, and I
moaned almost doubling over in sheer pleasure.

   "Ohhhh, extra husky," she purred, "just my size."

   As she stroked my cock with one hand, she fumbled with my belt and pants
with the other.  Almost too mesmerized to even move, I did manage to begin
massaging her huge melons.

   "You like, huh, Lover Boy?  All you boys do," she said in a sexy voice.

   She undid a couple of more buttons on her blouse, then continued to
stroke me.  I took my cue and began to unbutton the rest, parting her
blouse to marvel at the size of her bra and the beauties it contained.

   "The latch is right there in the front, Sugar," she offered.

   I need no further instructions, and with a pop her giant boobs spilled
from their constraint.  They were awesome!  So full and resting proudly on
her chest.  They were beautiful.

   I almost complained when she moved them away from me.  She lowered
herself to her knees, and before I could prepare myself for what was about
to happened it happened.

   She put the head of my dick between her lips and began to suck on the
glans, gently flicking the tip with a rapid fire motion of her tongue.  I
groaned even louder.

   "Oh, I love to make a man feel good.  I want to make you cum so big,"
she crooned.

   "Shit, keep that up and you'll get your wish," I managed to grunt.

   Then she took as much of me in her mouth as she could and began to fuck
me with her face.  In and out, I watched my rod disappear into her
beautiful lips, her huge tits hanging just below.

   "Your tits," I whispered, "do me with your tits."

   Without saying a word she released me from her mouth and grabbed the
sides of her breasts bringing them up to my dick.  She sandwiched my rod
between them and I was lost in her lovelies.

   She began to move her chest up and down, and it was becoming too much
for me.

   When she heard my moan continue and get longer and lower she knew I was
about ready to explode.

   The tip of my cock escaped from between her breasts and she captured it
in her mouth beginning to pump me up and down while still massaging my
shaft with her tits.

   That sight was too much for my feeble blood-starved brain to take, and I
exploded in her mouth.

   "Oh!" she screamed as my dick escaped from her lips, "You're a gusher!"

   And she grabbed my shaft and began pumping letting me come all over her
face, down her neck and on breasts.

   I couldn't stop coming; it had been so long and I was making up for lost
moments.

   When I was spent she continued to stroke my dick until it hung between
my legs.

   She was covered with cum.

   I apologized profusely for making such a mess and scurried about looking
for something to clean her off.

   "Don't you dare say you're sorry," she scolded.  "I did that and I'm
proud of it.  Shit, you needed that, I know.  Poor baby, hasn't got his
rocks off in months.  Momma's here to help, Darling.  Don't you worry about
Momma."

   I was too weak to argue.  So I watched her wipe her face and neck with
paper towels from a roll nearby.  I even caught her licking her lips to
remove some.  Damn, she was sexy.  Just watching her wipe her boobs,
watching them quiver as she'd rub, was making me hard again.

   She caught me rubbing myself again as I was watching her.

   "Damn, Big Boy, you getting ready again," she laughed.  "We ain't even
finished with the first one.  I gotta go clean up.  I'll see you in there."

   She left me to clean myself up with the paper towels, and when I had
done enough I made my way back into the bar and headed for the men's room.
I wet some paper towels with put a dab of soap on them and then went into
the stall to clean up a bit more.  While I was cleaning up I began to feel
guilty for what I had just done.  The good husband separated from his
family trying to be so faithful, and "bam," fell off the wagon.  I resolved
myself that this was a one-time thing and would never, ever happen again.

   "That you?" I heard a whisper through the wall.

   "Brad, that you?" I heard it again with a tapping sound.  It was coming
from the other side of the wall; Frankie.  Apparently the men and women's
stalls were separated by that wall.

   "Yeah, it's me," I whispered back into the wall.

   I was shocked to see what I thought was a wet wadded up piece of toilet
paper fall from the wall onto the floor exposing a perfectly round hole
looking directly into the ladies' stall.

   "Stick it in here," she ordered.

   "I don't think it'll fit," I laughed weakly.

   Of course, the hole was more than big enough, but I was trying any
feeble excuse to salvage my just-made resolution.

   Then I saw her crook her finger through the hole beckoning me.  Isn't it
funny how fleeting rational thought can be in the male brain?  Even though
I wasn't fully hard, I fed my dick in the hole.

   I felt warm and wet lips engulf my head again.  I was officially fully
hard.

   She stroked me with her mouth a few times, and I started to feel that
tingling in my balls again.

   Then I heard the door to the ladies' room open and close, and Frankie
removed her lips and waited.  Then she tapped me on the tip of my dick with
her finger instructing me to pull it out of the hole.  I watched as she
stuffed it with toilet paper again.  Then I dressed myself, positioned my
dick out of the way as best I could, and left the men's room.

   Whew, that was a close one, my brain tried to rationalize.  You almost
fell off the wagon again, it chided.  You need to be stronger next time.  I
sucked in a deep breath of air, filling myself with resolve again and
vowing to never let it happen again.  I tried to practice in my mind what I
would say if Frankie tried to seduce me again.  "I wasn't thinking
straight; I missed my wife; it was just a physical thing?" All of those
sounded so right when I was saying them in my mind, but I knew that
uttering them out loud would be impossible.

   Back at my table Stan, Bette and some of their friends were chatting. 
My seat was taken so I went get a beer letting old Moneybags buy it for me.
I returned to the crowd and noticed Frankie had joined them.  There was an
intermission in the music so conversation was audible.  I moved to the
opposite side of the crowd from Frankie.  A little distance would be a good
first line of defense

   One of the ladies asked where I had gone to school.  The college small
talk continued until Stan let out that I was a ladies' man in college, or
that's what his sister had told him.

   "I could believe that," said Frankie.  "I bet you had them begging for
more."

   She winked at me.  I blushed.

   The crowd laughed, and Frankie continued with her joking egging the
crowd on.

   A bit later Bette told me not to mind Frankie.  She just loves having a
good time and is an incurable flirt.  But she's pretty harmless, so just go
along with her.  You'll have fun, too.

   I thanked her for the advice and told her I intend to do just that.

   The music started again, and Frankie came straight towards me shaking
her hips and extendeding her hand.  I figured one dance was all, and it was
just a dance - nothing more.

   Anyway, I was beginning to worry that people would get suspicious.  I
looked around for Mike and saw he was near the DJ's booth looking at CDs.

   "You worried about him?" Frankie half-shouted as she saw me looking
Mike's way.

   "Well, kinda," I responded.

   "Don't." she instructed.  "He's good."

   I didn't really know what she meant by that, but I resolved not to
worry. It wasn't easy.  Especially when the next slow song started and she
kept me on the floor.  I started to make an excuse to go and sit down, but
she begged me to stay.  She wanted to talk.  I listened.

   "I hope you don't mind what I did to you in there," she began.  "I like
to make people feel good, and I knew that you probably needed that right?"

   "More than you'll ever know," I replied.

   "Then stop worrying about things.  I loved doing that to you.  You
sounded like you liked it, too.  You have a beautiful dick, and just to let
you know, I ain't finished with it tonight.  OK?"

   "OK," was all I could say.  I was hard as a rock again.  Well, I guess
those church ladies could quit making Brad statues now, because I had
officially given up my sainthood.  I was trying to find an excuse, like
maybe she had some mind-control powers and was keeping me from thinking
straight.

   She felt my cock with her hips and boldly put her hand between us
rubbing me up and down.  No, it definitely was not mind-control powers,
just her body.

   "Remember how to get to that room?" she asked.

   " Yeah," I mumbled.

   "I'll meet you there after this song."

   And she left me alone on the dance floor as she walked out the back way.
I walked to the bar and chatted with a couple of guys I didn't know.  There
was no inner battle in my mind if I was going to go in that room or not.  I
was definitely going in that room, or else my dick would beat the shit out
of my conscience.

   "She dance good, her, huh?," one old coot proclaimed.

   "Frankie?" I blurted coming back to reality, "Yeah, she's a good
dancer."

   The two old guys just laughed with each other.

   As nonchalantly as possible I grabbed an empty casserole dish from the
table and walked to the kitchen like I was supposed to be doing it.  I
dropped the dish in the sink and headed out to the storeroom.

   I'm glad I didn't have that dish when I walked into that room or I would
have dropped it to the floor along with my jaw.  Frankie was standing in
the middle of the room without a stitch of clothes on.  And she looked
fine! She was not centerfold material, but she was just as beautiful with
those huge tits, pretty face and, oh my god, a neatly-trimmed pussy.  Yes,
she was definitely a mature woman, but it looked great on her.  And I
wanted her like an animal.

   She pounced on me and began to take off my shirt.  I hurriedly
unbuttoned it afraid she would rip it off of me.  Shucking that, she pawed
at my shorts, so I kicked my shoes off and pulled shorts and jockeys
completely off.  Both of us naked now, she ran her hands through my chest
hair nuzzling my nipples with her lips.

   Then she reached around with one hand squeezing a cheek exclaiming,
"Damn, you have a tight butt."

   I reached down between her legs and began to rub her slit getting her
wet.  She moaned in my ear as I teased her clit.  She grabbed my rod and
started to stroke me back and forth.  I could tell she was having trouble
controlling her movements while I was fingering her deeply.

   "Oh shit, come here," she ordered, and turned and walked to the wall. 
She leaned over and placed both hands on the wall offering her butt to me.
I needed no further encouragement and got in right behind her.

   She reached between her legs and grabbed my dick positioning it
perfectly, and I entered her.  She engulfed me with warmth and wetness, and
it was a snug fit.

   I began to move in and out at a slow pace, and groans escaped her
throat. I continued that pace for some time, alternately holding her hips
or leaning over and feeling those massive tits hanging down.  I could see
their shadow on the wall rocking back and forth.

   Then I felt that feeling in my balls again, but I didn't want to rush
it. So I pulled out, and she began to protest.

   "Hush," I commanded, and grabbed her butt cheeks keeping her in place.

   I got down on my knees and position my tongue beneath her and began to
lick from the top of her clit to her asshole.

   She screamed!

   I did it again, and she jumped again.  I started to focus on her clit,
and she became very still.  As I lapped and tongued her I could feel her
legs shaking.  I wet a finger in her pussy getting it very slick, and then
I began to get her asshole very wet with the finger until I could slide it
in to the first knuckle.

   "Ohhhh, ohhhh, ohhhhhhhhhhhhh, Braaaaaaad, ooooooooooo, mmmmmmmmmmm,"
she was almost singing.

   I managed to get more than a knuckle into her bung hole and my lapping
became furious.  Finally with a finger in her cunt and one in her ass I
pressed my tongue fully on her clit.

   "oooooooOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH, I'm cummmmmmmmmmminnnnnnnng,"
she wailed!

   She shook and shook, and I helped brace her legs as I continued to hold
my tongue in position.  Finally she pulled away saying she couldn't take it
anymore.

   I resumed my position behind her and began to fuck her in earnest.  This
time I was going for the kill.  I pumped into her until I was dizzy with
delight.  I don't think my dick has ever been bigger or harder than it was
at that moment.  This sexy woman was writhing beneath me, impaled, and with
huge hooters swaying with every thrust.

   I pushed myself in as deeply as I could and held it there.  She was as
still as could be, and then I let loose my flood.  I pumped and pumped and
pumped until I was empty.  I held her hips there as I shuddered in euphoria
at our union.

   Finally, I slumped to the floor exiting her pussy with a loud "pop!" She
collapsed next to me.

   "Damn, you're good.  You're the best!" she huffed.

   "Thanks," I panted.

   We rested for minutes sitting there listening to each other breathe
heavily.

   My dick was fat and heavy draped across my legs.  Her breasts were
covered in perspiration, heaving on her chest.  She looked tired and worked
over.  She was.

   When we were finally able to move, I began to stand up to get our
clothes.  I offered her her bra and panties, but instead of putting them on
as I expected, she asked me, "That thing you were doing to my butt.  Does
that mean you want to fuck me in the ass?"

   "Uh no, not really," I tried to respond.  "I was just trying to make you
feel good.  Why?"

   "Oh, I was just wondering," she replied.  "So you don't want to fuck me
in the ass?"

   "No, that's not what I mean.  I mean, I never fucked anybody in the ass
before.  You?" I quizzed.

   "No, I never got fucked up the butt before, but that felt good when you
were doing it.  I wonder what it would feel like to have that whopper in
it."

   She looked at my crotch, which began to stir as she was speaking.  She
started petting my dick with the back of her hand, looked in my eyes and
gave me a sly smile.

   "Why put off till tomorrow..." I said.

   Without a word she turned over and got on all fours with her rear facing
me.  I quickly got on my knees and scooted in behind her, not really sure
how to approach this.

   I began pressing on her anus with my thumb at the same time rubbing her
pussy with my other hand.  I knew I had to get her bunghole really wet, and
my fingers just weren't doing the job.

   While not fully hard, my dick was still extended enough to be able to
slide it up and down her pussy lips in an attempt to get it slickened up.
Then I figured the best way to slick it up was by immersion, so I pulled
back my foreskin and plunged it into her pussy again.

   "I said my ass!" she shouted back to me.

   "I know, just wait," I replied.

   I thrust in and out of her a few times at the same time getting harder
and harder.

   I pulled out of her pussy and positioned the tip of my dick right on her
puckered hole.  She reflexively resisted my advances, after all this wasn't
a finger.

   I continued to poke the head into her hole, and try as she might to
relax, this didn't look like it was going to work.

   "This isn't going to happen," I exclaimed, pulling my rod away from her
ass.

   "No, just try it agai.....  AAAGHHH!" she screamed.

   When I removed my dick I knew she might relax so I plunged it right back
as she was speaking, and I got the head to pop right in!

   "Oh, shit, it feels like you got a telephone pole up my asshole," she
moaned through gritted teeth.

   "Want me to quit?  Wanna take it out?" I asked.

   "NO!  Keep going, it's starting to feel good now," she insisted.

   So I slowly started pumping in and out, little by little feeding her a
fraction of an inch more, until I was almost completely in her ass up to my
balls.  Her head was writhing from side to side.  I don't know how she
could find this as pleasurable as I could.

   Two things told me this wasn't going to last long: she was a tight as a
virgin, and the site of my big dick sliding into that beautiful butt was
about to put me over the top.

   "Frankie, I ain't gonna last long," I warned.

   "Then cum in my butt!" she screamed.

   And I did.  I started spasming and filling her ass with cum.  The semen
leaked from around my dick, and as I came I began to to push even deeper. I
could see Frankie's face wincing as my dick would expand with each squirt.

   "Shit, that hurts so good," she cried.

   But she was so tight it was like a tourniquet around my dick, and my
erection would not subside.  As long as I was in her butt I remained hard,
and she had no intention of letting me go early.  When I would try to
withdraw she'd pucker her hole swallowing me more; or she would shove her
ass towards me trying to impale herself more.

   My whole dick was up her rectum, and she seemed to be liking it.  I was
already spent, but my hardness wasn't going anywhere.  She began to rock on
my rod again, and I began to enjoy it some more.

   After three huge cums already tonight I didn't think I had another one
in me.  But I was wrong.

   She wiggled and writhed her ass on me grinding her cheeks into my hips.
I reached forward and grabbed her boobs fingering the tips and squeezing
them like melons.

   She began to stroke me with her anus faster and faster, until I couldn't
take it anymore.  I grabbed her hips and pulled her close to me holding her
tight.  And again I blasted into her still again, this one not as much
volume, but every bit as strong.

   I limped out of her butt, leaving it gaping wide open.  She turned and
lay down on her back, her breasts heaving up and down.  How I wanted to
lean over and suckle one of the nipples in my mouth.  But I was just as
spent as well, and could not muster the energy.

   Somehow we managed to find the strength to dress ourselves and
straighten up a bit.  The room smelled of sex, dirty sex.  Whoever came in
here next was going to be able to tell somebody was having a good time in
here.

   When we had returned to the bar almost half the crowd had gone.  I was
worried that we would be discovered missing together.  But no one seemed
the wiser or suspicious.  Not even Mike.

   Almost toward the end of the evening, when there was just this little
core group left, Frankie came up to where I was sitting and sort of
confessed everything.

   She began, "Mike's had high blood pressure for years, and he had a
pacemaker put in two years ago.  He's not able to achieve an erection, and
he can't take anything for it.  I told him that I love him anyway, and I
mean it.  And he believes me, too, but he knows that I need a certain type
of companionship that he can't give me.  So he thinks that I sneak around
on him and he doesn't appear to mind."

   "But you do," I interrupted her.

   "No, I don't," she corrected me.  "I never have before tonight.  You're
the first one that I ever did that with.  Look around here.  These are the
people we hang around with.  Which one of them do you think I would have an
affair with?  Be serious.  I'm 10 years younger than Mike, probably same
age as you.  When you walked in that door tonight I got so horny looking at
you.  You were like a breath of fresh air.  I knew I wanted to have fun
with you, I just didn't know how what would happen.  Man, can you fuck!"

   "Me?  You were doing a lot of that work yourself.  And, girl, can you
suck?" I offered.

   "Well, I was serious when I said I like to help men feel good.  That's
such a feeling of power and control, you know.  And I figured you been
without pussy for so long that you'd need a good preview before the main
attraction, eh?" she smiled at me.

   As we said our goodbyes Frankie asked me where I was staying.

   "Canterbury," I replied as I walked out the door wondering if I did the
right thing giving her the name of my apartment complex.

   She visited me three or four times a week at my apartment until my
family moved down in June.  We needed each other at that time, and we
serviced each other quite well.  My wife and I are now "Junior" members of
that group, and we get together for tailgate parties and other events.

   And every once in a while Frankie and I dance together, sometimes with
the crowd - sometimes not.
   

---

Read the rest of Vargas stories at
http://www.asstr.org/~Lance_Vargas/