Guy Coffin Story 9 Expansion 

By JSR

One day, I called Sally into my office (an old closet with enough room for a few chairs) for a conference. She was a little upset at being called to 'my office', in that it was usually only used when someone was in trouble.

She immediately ask what she had done wrong. I said, Sally, my love, you have not done anything wrong. I just need to talk to you about an expansion of the harem, and you are the logical one to talk to, at this point. She said, Oh good, I thought that I had fucked up something, and if I had, I would never forgive myself, I love you to much to cause you any grief.

I closed the door, so we could talk with out anyone else knowing what was going on (I expected Sandra would be 'hearing' our conversation, but that did not matter). I said, I have an idea for expanding the harem, and I need a couple of things from you on this. First, did we get the house across the street, and if so when can we take position of it? Sally answered, Yes, it is ours, and Monday we will have the keys. Thats great, I said, Is it in shape that we can start using it right away?

There are some minor repairs that need to be made, but, yes we can use it. What do you want to use it for? Partly for you, I answered. Me?, why me, she ask? Two reasons, which we will talk about in a minute, I answered. Now I need to know what you think of Albert? Albert, you mean your son by my mom? Exactly, I said.

He is a lot like you, bright, good looking, and most of our girls like him. He loves to suck my nipples when I have extra milk for him. Anything else you need? I said, How would you like to have his baby? Are you thinking of adding him to the male rotation, she ask? Sweetness, please just answer the question. If you tell me to I will, you know that. Would I seek him out? No, but if he came to me, I would probably not question him much, but would think that you sent him to me. Is that what you wanted to know?

Sally, I said, here is my thinking, If we open up the house across the street. I would like to temporary move you there. You would be there to teach our younger generation how to live in the harem its self. For instance, you would be the Lady of the House for a while, and return to this house when that one is running smoothly. Albert would be the HM over there, but you could over rule him, as my representative. Once the house is running smoothly, you would return here, and who ever is selected would go there as the Female head of the harem. That person would also be subject to my authority. I would in vision that you would be there up to three months, possibly more. Is this something you could do? You would still be our financial expert. The biggest reason that I want you to do it, is that you are closer in age to him than any of the other ladies. Also being that he is your brother, I thought that you might like to see how he is in bed.

Like I said, if you tell me to go, I will. But I would rather stay here with you. I replied, Sally, if it is going to make you unhappy, then I will see if someone else will do it. However, if I get the same response from the rest, then you will have to go. I am sorry, but that is the way it will be. Now will you send Gloria in, and do not say anything to any of the people about what we talked about.

When Gloria came in, I kissed her and told her to sit down, as I shut the door. Once she was settled, I ask her, What do you think about Albert? Why, she ask, is he in trouble? No, I replied, I am thinking about his future at the moment. Well, she answered, half of the girls over 10 say they can't wait until he become HM, and the other half say that if he leaves the harem, they will go with him if he will let them. Interesting, I think I may have made a mistake, and should be talking to him. Will you go get him for me, and don't tell him or anyone else what we have just said. I may call you back later, depending on what he says.

When Albert came in, he was white as a sheet. I ask, Whats wrong, Albert? His answer was, When the HM calls someone to his office, they usually have done something wrong, and I can't figure out what I did wrong. Nothing that I know of, so calm down. You are here to talk about your future. Tell me what you want to do. Do you plan on becoming an HM? Do you want to leave and go to collage? Or is there something else that you would like to do? This is what this talk is all about. I am very proud of you and all of our children. I want what is best for each of you, and what you want for yourself is important to me.

Albert said, Since I don't get much time with you without others around, I would like to say something that is important for me to tell you, is that all right? Son, I said, you can always come to me to say anything you like. If you are out of line you know I will let you know. If it is something that I can do something about, I will do what I can for you. This also applies to all the of the kids, whether I am their father or not. They are all important to me. What is it that you feel that you must say to me?

Albert said, I and my sister grew up without a mother. We both know that you are our dad, as well as the father of many of our friends. You have treated us with dignity and respect, and we have felt loved by you, as you have demonstrated many times. We know that you do not have time for us every day, but we treasure the time that we do spend with you. All of the ladies of the harem treat us as they do their own children, and we attribute that to your leadership. For example Sally, has the sweetest and most tasty milk of all of them, and she never turns us down if we want some. However all the other ladies only turn us down if they are feeding their babies, or are out of milk.

I said, Albert, maybe I have been remiss, in some things, like do you know that Sally is your sister? Maybe her milk reminds you of that you had before you mom left us. I miss her dearly, as I know you do.

Sally is really my sister? I will have to let her know how much I love her and her milk.

I said, Now to the reason for this talk, Albert, what do you want to do in the future? Do you want to stay here and maybe become HM? Do you want to leave and go to collage? Or do you have something else in mind?

Well, Betty (my sister), and I were thinking that we would like to start our own harem, and maybe get some of our 'brothers and sisters' to join us. We just haven't figured out how to finance it yet, but we will.

Betty is a little young to be joining a harem, she needs to be a little older. But, I can offer you your chance to prove you can handle a harem. You may not know it, but the family owns a lot of property around here, and the house across the street is ready to be used as a harem. All it needs is some people to start it, I answered.

Albert then ask, Is this what you wanted to talk to me about? Yes, I said, also I need to know who you want to be the Female head of the unit, until it gets going. That person will be on loan to you, and when you have proven yourself, then you may select your own ladies, from your sisters here. The lady that helps you start the harem will be in charge until such time as I see fit to make you the permanent HM. Then you will only answer to me.

Guy, can I have Sally for our teacher? I answered, I have already talked to your sister about it, and she does not want to do it. Do you have any other lady that you could work with? What about Gloria, he ask? I said, Keep what we have talked about to yourself, and send Gloria to see me. I will let you know later what is decided. With that Albert left to find Gloria.

When Gloria came back, she was smiling. I ask her why she was smiling, and she said, I know I am not in trouble, and I think I have figured out what you are up to. I said, OK smart arsed sister and mother of some of my children, just what have you figured out? She said, I think that you are going to have Albert start a sub harem, and you want me to go with him and teach him how to run it. The only thing I havent figured out is if I am to stay there or come back here after it get going.

I said, Sister, love of mine, are you a mind reader? She answered, No, but I can read people, like you read minds, only not quite as well. What do you mean I read minds? Are you nuts, or just pulling my chain? She answered, To many things happen that are just exactly like you want them to be. I also suspect that Sandra also reads minds, but not as well as you do. Have you told anyone about this theory of yours? No, she answered, and I won't. I said, I always knew you were pretty sharp, and yes you are right in both cases. However, I can also alter minds, which Sandra cannot. This conversation does not leave this room. If I even suspect that you have said something to someone about it, I will wipe it from your memory. I do not like to use my powers, but sometimes it is necessary.

I promise not to tell anyone, and will say no if someone asks me if you can. Is that all right, she ask? I said, If it was anyone but you, I would wipe that from you now, but I know I can trust you so I will leave you with that knowledge, at least for now. As to your other question, Yes you will be coming back to me, after Albert get things going and has at least two girls in his harem. Is that acceptable to you? She said, read my mind and find out. I told her, don't push your luck, or I will wipe that part of your memory, now answer me.

Gloria said, Sorry, I just could not resist. It is not often that I can get something on you. Yes those terms are acceptable to me. When will this start? I answered, In a couple of days. I want to put together a ceremony, and make a big deal of Albert becoming an HM. After you give me some of your excess milk, you can go forth, and keep your mouth shut on both issues, until I say you can talk about Albert.

I started sucking on Gloria's tits. I had not eaten lunch yet and was very hungry, so I kept sucking milk out of her tits until she said, Guy, are you trying to turn my tits inside out? It is starting to hurt. I said, Sorry Gloria, I haven't eaten lunch yet. Please forgive me, I did not mean to hurt you. She answered, I know you would never willingly hurt anyone, but sometimes you do get carried away when sucking on tits. Even Alma use to complain about it, and she loved to have her tits sucked by anyone.

Being that this was Wednesday, I decided that the ceremony would be on Saturday. I put together a short skit, and had Gloria get an appropriate skirt for it to work. I then put up a notice that all of the members of the family were to be in the back yard at noon on Saturday, for a special presentation. No one would be exempt. Since the clinic was closed on weekends, the whole medical staff would be available to be there.

Gloria came out of the house wearing an old fashioned hoop skirt, and a blouse that allowed her tits to be easily seen. She had nothing else on. I had on a zootsuit that had the crotch cut out. As she was walking in front of the group, she was saying that she was going to find a harem to join. I stopped her and said, you are going to join my harem, and she said Oh no kind sir, you are to old for me, I need a young virile man. With that I pushed her to the ground so that her feet were facing the audience. This made the hoop skirt like a shield between her torso, and her pussy. I then got down and started eating her pussy. About this time Albert came by in a nice suit, and started fighting with me, which I let him win, and he said to Gloria, Cum my dear, in my harem you will be treated like a queen. With that they, I and the whole audience walked out of the gate, and crossed the street to the newest harem. Once inside, I said, Now Albert, it is time for you to show us just how much you want to fuck Gloria. This is for real now, she is in your harem now, and you are responsible to see that she is taken care of Sexually now, and physically until she leaves the harem. Albert then took the clothing off of Gloria, and laid her on the floor. 

Once on the floor, she spread her legs, and Albert started eating her pussy. Once she had, had several orgasms, he put his cock into her for the first time. The crowd cheered, and the little ones were allowed to watch their first fucking.

Everyone except Albert, Gloria and her kids, (Susie, Sharon and Sam), returned to the main compound.

Back at the main compound, Allison (Alma's daughter by Guy, she is also the oldest girl) was allowed to temporarily take Gloria's place in the rotation, after Guy had taken her cherry, in front of everyone.

The following is a report that Gloria sent to Guy, after 2 weeks as the female head of harem number 2.


To: Harem Master, Sr.
From: Female head of house (temp) of Harem Number 2

Once everyone left, we got the kids situated, and Albert and I sat down for a talk about who was responsible for what.

I let him know that even though my children were not his, that he was responsible to be their father, and any children born in his harem, were his responsibility, even though they may have someone else as the true father. All kids are to be treated equally, with love and kindness. The same holds true of your female adults. You will love them deeply as you father does with his females, and show no favorites. We all know that he loves Sandra, but he treats the rest of us with the same care and devotion. He, and I expect nothing less of you. His answer was, 'I am not my dad, and i know it. I just hope i can show half of the love to all of the harem members, male, female and children that he does. I am going to try to emulate him as much as possible.' I felt that he was being truthful, and respect his feelings.

I also let him know that for as long as i am here, unless he gets out of line, I will be his, to to with as he pleases, as long as it does not interfere with my duty to the children. He has taken to heart the instructions that you gave him, and is progressing very well. 

I suggested that he confer with you about getting another lady over here, hopefully one nearer his own age. He has told me that he will do it, soon.

His treatment of the kids has been almost as good as you are with them. I feel that it is time for him to expand into a new era with two females, me and someone of your choosing to send for me to train as the Female head of the House. Once I have trained her, then another female should join us, so i can begin to phase out and come back to you my loving brother.

Signed Gloria


I sent for Gloria to come to my office. Once she was there, we discussed whether or not Allison should be sent for that job. The only question I had was if the two of them could be comparable. Gloria said that the two of them were almost as close as you and I, so I think that it would be best. She is the oldest girl, even if she is his sister. I thought about it for a while and said, "send Albert to see me, later today, please."

I sent for Allison. When she arrived, she was crying. I ask, "What is wrong, Allison, why are you crying?" She answered, "I just know that you are going to take me out of the harem line up." I ask, "Why would i do that?" "Because it's been two weeks and i am not pregnant yet."

I put my arms around her and held her tight to me, and said, "Allison, two weeks is not a fair trial. Sometimes it takes a woman years before she get pregnant. I am not mad at you. I love you as i do all the people in this harem, even the children, besides, if you remember, I am your father. I will always love you no matter what."

She kissed me on the lips, and croaked out, "Then you don't hate me for not getting pregnant right away?" "No," I said, "but I would like to know when your last period was." She answered, "It started yesterday."

I held her in my arms, and calmed her down, while i played with her nipples. When she had quieted down, i ask, "How do you and Albert get along? Are you friends? are you close? would you fuck him if the chance arose?"

She said, "I love my brother, and I would do anything for or to him, unless you disprove. If you approved, yes I would fuck him. He and I understand each other much like you and Gloria, I would think."

I then ask her, "What would you say, if I said that I think you might make a good Female head of the harem for his harem?" "Could I then have his baby?" "Yes," I replied. "This is not for sure yet, but I think that it will come about. Do not say anything to anyone about our talk, and I will let you know some time later as to whether it will happen or not."

She said, "Daddy, Please let me give you a blow job now, to show my appreciation for you considering me."

I sat in a chair and she got between my legs and gave me a very good blow job. She could not keep all of my cum in her mouth and some was on her face. I told her to wipe it off, and she said, "No, I want someone to ask me about it, and I will proudly say that it is my fathers cum, and I am proud to have given him a blow job."

Albert came in about 20 minutes later. He said, "Hay Pops, what going on?" I said, "Nothing much, but I am Guy, or HM, but never Pops." He said, "I am sorry HM, but I meant no disrespect. You wanted to see me?"

"How do you and your sister Allison get along? Any trouble? Problems?," I ask? "We get along fine. Has something come us about trouble between us," he ask? "No," I said, "Do you think that she could handle the job of Female head of the harem, for you?"

"Let me get this straight, as Female head of the harem, she would be in charge of the household, and my number one lady to fuck?" "Right on all sides," I said. "She would probably be the first to have your child, and she would be subservient to you in all things except for the house its self."

Albert said excitedly, "That would be neat. Just like you and Gloria, and I think that she would like it also. We have been very close since Alma died, and this way we could stay together always. Thanks Dad for being so considerate!" I said, "You do know that she has taken Gloria's place in the harem here?" "No, I did not. Is she pregnant yet? I hope not. I want to give her her first baby," he said. "You can relax, she is having her period as we speak, so you will have a crack at giving her, her first baby. She will be reporting to Gloria, tomorrow morning to start training for her new job. Now do you have any of the other older girls in mind for the second position in your harem?" He answered, "Surprise me, give me any of them. They are all sweet girls."

"In that case, I will send you the ugliest girl we have. Just kidding, none of our kids are ugly, and even if they were, they would still be treated like anyone else, by EVERYONE. You won't get her for a week or so."

I called Betty in, and said, Tomorrow, you will be replacing Allison in the lineup. You can have your choice, I can take your cherry here and now, or if you prefer, in front of the whole harem tonight. She said, Are you going to take my cherry as my brother/father, or as HM? I answered, As all three. As your father/brother, I want to see how good the harem has taught you. As HM I want to know that you are not cherry when you move to the harem.

Betty answered, In that case, dad/brother, fuck me here so I can be myself and not put up a brave front for the others when my hymen breaks. I said, My sister/daughter that is the way it will be then. Please lay on the floor and I will join you.

Betty laid on the floor and spread her legs. She seemed surprised when I keeled over her head. I said, You are to start by giving me a blow job, while I eat your pussy. I know you have had all the classes, but remember to swallow all of my cum. With that, I put my head between her legs and started licking her clit, until it emerged from its hiding place. Betty started cumming almost at once. As I started licking inside of her slit, she put her hands on my head and tried to push me inside of her. Once she had swallowed all of my cum, I turned around and started sucking her nipples saying, Take my cock and put it in the entrance to your pussy. When she had it ready to enter her, I put some pressure on it and slowly the head started into her secret place. 

I had about half of my cock head into her when I hit her hymen. At this point, I told her that there was going to be some pain, but it would rapidly go away. I said, "Are you ready?" She knodded her head yes, and I started pushing against that barrier. I could see a small amount of pain registering in her eyes, but she kept her mouth tightly closed. As I pushed harder, I could see that it was hurting her, so I said, "I am going to go all out and break it fast. Maybe it won't hurt you so much." Again she knodded her head yes, and as she did, I dropped my full weight onto my cock, as it broke trough her hymen, I heard her winper as my weight brought me down onto her heavely and forced the air out of her lungs. When I got stopped, my cock was burried up to my balls into her. She never had a chance to get use to it before it hit her cervix.

I laid still on her to let her get her breath, and to let her baby trac adjust to the first intrusion of her sex. A few seconds later she smiled and said, "Daddy/brother, the pain is now gone, but I feel like I have a large object sticking into my pussy." I smiled at her and said, "My daughter/sister, my cock is not a small one, nor is it an extreemly large one, but it seems to fill you perfictly. I will from time to time want to fuck you again, but your duty to Albert will come first."

Once I felt that she had suffiecntly adjusted to my intrusion, I slowly started stroking in and out of her. As I slowly speeded up my thrusts, she seemed to be fucking me back, so I kept speeding up faster and faster. She was about to cum, and so was I. When I could hold off any longer, I let loose with a blast that had to hit the top of her uterus. It was the biggest load I had given to anyone for a couple of years. I ask her, "When did you last have a period?" She answered, "Long enough that this should be my furtile period. I hope that you made a baby in me, and I would like to have Albert give me my second one."

I said, "If this is your furtile time, then I think we can assume that you are now pregnant with my baby. I hope so. I want to have a baby with all my sisters, and daughters."

When she stood up, blood and cum were running down her leg. I said something about it, and she said, "Showing my Badge of Honor to the rest of the harem is almost expected, and I will not disapoint them by cleaning up until I am ready for bed. Thank you very much HM/dad/brother. I truly love you and hope I am pregnant."

When Gloria returned to the main harem, I sent Betty to Albert as a third member of his harem. She was pregnant with my child.

Next chapter Politics

Comments and suggestions are always welcome

storytellerxxx5@gmail.com





