Coerced
by Kathy B.
kathybxx@hotmail.com


Part 7

Steam rose from the oversized tub as it slowly filled. I poured a 
generous splash of bath oil under the faucet as Sheila entered the 
bathroom and peeled off her clothes.

In the fifteen years I'd known her I'd never seen Sheila naked. I 
knew she exercised but I didn't realize what fantastic shape she was 
in. Her stomach was taut and smooth, her buttocks were round and her 
medium sized breasts were high and firm. Kneeling naked beside her, I 
felt like a cow.

She stepped into the tub, then eased into the water. Moaning 
contentedly, she leaned back and closed her eyes.

"Oh, Charlene, this is nice," she murmured. "How would you like to 
wash me up?"

I knew the answer Sheila was looking for and I was eager to please 
her, hoping to cut down on my punishment. I nodded eagerly, "Yes, 
Mrs. Winters. I'd love to."

"Good girl," she smiled as I took the soap and began lathering her 
legs. She giggled as I began rubbing the bar along her calf.

I rubbed and scrubbed Sheila's body from head to toe. As I soaped her 
breasts, I felt her nipples harden under my fingers. She moaned as I 
began washing her crotch. When I finished and pulled my hands away, 
she directed me back.

Knowing what she expected, I began massaging her outer lips and 
stoking through her furrow. When she sat on the rim of the tub and 
pulled me forward, I eagerly sank my face into her pussy. I licked 
and chewed and stroked my finger in and out until Sheila shuddered in 
orgasm.

When she could stand, she wrapped a towel around herself and looked 
at me.

"You're a pretty good pussy licker. Do you like it?"

Eager to please, I nodded. "Yes, Mrs. Winters."

"Better than sucking cock?"

I shook my head. "No, ma'am. I prefer men."

Sheila grinned. "Well, I think you like both. Obviously, a slut like 
you needs everything she can get."

By the time Sheila was dressed, Greg was home. I served them dinner, 
naked except for my heels, and tried to ignore the growling in my 
stomach. I hadn't eaten much in over a day and I was starved.

When they finished, Sheila ordered me to put the leftovers in Max's 
dish. "Put the leftovers on the bottom and fill it up with dog food. 
That way, he eats the dry stuff to get to the table scraps." She 
patted me on the head. "Oh, and if you're hungry... "

Greg and Sheila both stood in the door and watched as I knelt in the 
garage, side by side with their dog, eating my supper. To my 
surprise, Max didn't bite me. We just took turns pushing our faces 
into the bowl and wolfing down bits of food.

"Charlene, you look perfect down there," Sheila laughed. "I love the 
way your boobs drag on the cement. Honey, get the camera. This is too 
good to waste."

I blushed but kept eating as Greg took several pictures of me. 
Finally, the food was gone. I was still hungry but there wasn't much 
I could do about it.

"Ok, Charlene. It's time for your punishment," Sheila told me. "Go 
get the paddle and bring it to the living room."

Remembering how much it hurt to be paddled that morning, I started 
sniffling as I hurried to comply. When I returned to the living room, 
Sheila and Greg were waiting.

Sheila spoke. "Charlene, do you like being spanked?"

I shook my head vigorously. "No, ma'am."

"Then why do you disobey me? I told you what you could wear, yet you 
got into my things without permission."

I started sobbing. "I'm sorry, Mrs. Winters. I'm really sorry, I'll 
never do it again. I promise, I'll only do wear I'm supposed to. 
Nothing else. Please don't paddle me!"

She sighed. "I wish I didn't have to, Charlene. Unfortunately, I 
don't have any choice. Now, how many swats do you think you deserve?"

"I don't know," I whimpered. "Probably a lot."

"You're right," Sheila nodded. "I'm glad you were truthful. I was 
thinking fifty." When I gasped, she held up her hand. "Remember, I 
promised I'd cut it in half after you went jogging. How would you 
like it lowered all the way to five?"

I nodded eagerly. "Oh, yes, Mrs. Winters. What can I do to lower it?"

"Three things. First, no more panties for the balance of your two 
year contract. That means not only while your here but weekends as 
well. If I have someone check and they find panties on your bottom, 
you'll receive fifty swats per day for a week straight."

"I won't," I promised. "I won't ever wear panties."

"That includes pantyhose. Stockings only," she added. "Second, I want 
you to wear nothing but dresses. Again, that includes weekends. When 
you're here, you'll wear the uniforms I pick out for you. When you're 
home, I want nothing below the knee."

"Yes, ma'am. I can do that."

"You'd better. And high heels only. I will say, you do have nice 
legs," Sheila commented. "They look better in heels than they do in 
flats. Finally, I want you to return to that liquor store tomorrow. 
Find the man who waited on you today. Make sure he sees that slutty 
pussy of yours and make sure he asks you out for a date. When he 
does, make sure he's satisfied. Understand me?"

I was so grateful to escape twenty five swats, I'd have agreed to 
anything Sheila asked. "Oh, yes, ma'am!," I exclaimed as I hugged her 
ankles. She pushed me away and told me to get ready for my five 
strokes.

Happy to have escaped, I eagerly grasped my ankles and counted loudly 
as Greg paddled me. The blows stung but I was determined to hold 
still. When it was over, I turned and thanked him.

"Charlene, you know how to thank someone for disciplining you," 
Sheila scolded me. "Do it right."

"Yes, ma'am," I replied. I opened Greg's fly and fished out 
respectable sized cock. Eager to please my mistress, I 
enthusiastically began licking and sucking her husband's cock.

"Oh, shit," Greg moaned. "This lady can suck cock!"

"You'd think we never fed her, the way she tries to swallow it," 
Sheila giggled. "Look at her go."

My head was bobbing up and down as I eagerly sucked Greg's cock deep 
into my mouth, teasing it with my throat. He lasted less than a 
minute before pumping a salty load into my stomach.

I was finding out two things. First, I didn't mind the taste of cum 
when I was hungry. Second, if I gave my all to a blowjob, they were 
over faster. I didn't care that Sheila thought I was eager because I 
liked sucking cock. I knew the truth.

After I washed the dishes and cleaned up the kitchen, I was ordered 
to do an aerobic workout tape, naked, while Sheila and Greg watched 
and supervised. They laughed at my bouncing breasts as I jumped to 
the music, but I didn't care. I was learning to ignore them.

As Sheila ordered, I made my way out to the garage and curled up on 
Max's bed. He was nowhere to be seen. Sheila came out to see me 
before turning out the lights.

"You didn't do very well for your very first day," she told me. "I'm 
a little disappointed. Tomorrow, we'll get you some more clothes. You 
can't keep wearing the same thing every day. I hope you remember the 
lessons you learned today."

I fell asleep naked, shivering from the cold. Max must have come in 
sometime during the night because when I awoke I found myself curled 
up against him for warmth, my face buried in his fur.

By seven the next morning I was showered, powdered and coiffed, ready 
for the day. I had my uniform back on, coffee ready and breakfast on 
the stove when Sheila and Greg came downstairs. Greg quickly ate and 
hurried out the door.

"I'm going to be busy today," Sheila told me as she watched me eating 
my 'breakfast' with Max. "I know I promised I'd take you shopping, 
though, so I'll meet you at the mall at 12:30. Don't be late."

"Yes, Mrs. Winters," I replied. "It's two miles to the mall, though. 
How should I get there?"

"You'll have to walk, Charlene," she told me. "I'm too busy to come 
get you."

Sheila left, after praising me for looking so nice and doing a good 
job with breakfast. Pleased, I quickly took care of the dishes and 
picked up the house. I was just finishing up when the doorbell rang. 
I opened it to find Dave standing with Jack.

"Hi, Mrs. H." Jack said. "We were in the neighborhood and thought 
we'd say hi." As I turned to enter the house he slid his hand up 
under my dress. "Hey, no panties. Just the way I like to see you."

I jumped away. "Are you guys here to see Lisa? Can I get something 
for you?"

Dave groaned. "Come on, Mrs. Hopkins. We're here for some pussy." 
When I hesitated, he added, "Remember what Mrs. Winters said? You 
need to do your part to keep us disease free. Well, Jack and I were 
tempted by two sluts this morning and we need your help."

With a grin, both boys dropped their pants to reveal strong 
erections. Lisa came downstairs as I pulled off my dress and began 
sucking them.

"Don't you guys ever get enough?" she asked. "You have a thing for 
old ladies?"

"No, we have a thing for sluts," Jack said as he rolled me onto my 
back. "and this lady is the queen of sluts."

I groaned as I felt his big cock slide into me. Dave's cock was in my 
mouth as Jack began thrusting hard into my now wet pussy. Lisa turned 
in disgust as I disappeared under the two boys.

They each fucked me and I sucked them both to climaxes. As hungry as 
I was, I eagerly swallowed their cum. I lay on the floor in a pool of 
sweat as they finally left.

I shrieked when I realized it was almost time to go. I quickly 
showered, did my makeup and hair and hurried out the door.
