Caution--The following fiction contains scenes so vile, disconcerting and disgusting that it should not be read by anyone..Unless maybe those that move their lips while reading.  It could, however, be considered required reading for those over 119 years, believe they know what is best for others, have even flirted with the idea of joining the tea party or are homophobes, misogynistic, or racist.



(bdsm, fist, gang)

Fist Beaten


I guess I should have noticed it before but I didn't until he was footfucking me.  I mean I knew it at the time of the big gangbang a couple of weeks ago but it just didn't register.  That was also the time when all restraints dropped away.  Tony had arranged for my first gangbang as a surprise.  It was something we had talked about as one of my fantasies but I was never should I could go through with it.

For our anniversary we were going to do something I was eager to try, a foray into bondage.  I opened his presents and pulled out cuffs, ropes, clips, floggers, paddles, a sling and other assorted items.  I was excited about all this yet still not 100% sure.  I was going to give myself to him totally as his sexual slave, a submissive.  I liked the idea of not having control and therefore responsibility for my actions.  I could just let myself go, or so I hoped.

We started out slowly.  He ordered me to stand in front of him and do a strip, the most erotic one I could.  I put on appropriate music and started dancing to the music.  Running my hands over my body, lifting my skirt to flash him, cupping my breasts and pinching my nipples through my shirt and bra, I carefully watched him for his reactions.  As he got more turned on so did I.  Slowly I began to unbutton my shirt, pausing frequently to caress myself after each button was opened.  I slid my hands over my chest then slid my fingers down to cup myself between my legs.  Gradually I unbuttoned my shirt and pulled it out of my skirt and tossed it to the side.

I mashed my breasts forcing them to push out around the bra cups, heaps of flesh spilling over.  I lowered my hands, dragging down my bra until the areola was exposed; my nipples just barely inside.  I bent over and shook my shoulders causing my boobs to bounce and sway; barely remaining tucked inside my bra.  I liked to hear the gentle slapping sounds of my breasts bouncing against one another as they fought to spill out.  My hands were unfastening the waistband of my skirt then plunging down inside, under my panties and over my shaven mound.

Already my vagina was wet and I used my finger to tap roughly against my opening, wet sounds mingling with the slapping of my breasts.  With one hand I worked my skirt over my round hips, keeping the other hand inside my panties.  When my skirt dropped to the floor, pooling around my feet, I stepped out of it and kicked it to the side.  Standing straight up I showed myself to him using one hand to mold my barely encased breasts, the other to stroke over my pussy.  I pushed one breast out of the bra, letting it flop down.  As I moved to the music it swayed heavily back and forth, covering the arm that extended down between my legs, then rolling off and swaying to the other side of my body.

Removing the hand from my pussy I drew it up my body, leaving a cool, wet streak on my skin.  My fingers still retained enough of my juice that when I sucked them into my mouth I got a full taste of my sex.  I plunged my hand back into my pussy, inserting all four fingers inside then bringing them back to my mouth.  I pushed all four fingers inside and sucked on them, relishing my taste.  I withdrew them and reaching behind released my bra.  Moving closer to him I squatted down until my tender, rigid, full nipples were dragging on his thighs.  Ever so slowly I stood up, letting my nipples abrade across his clothes, long hard nipples tingling so that my legs started to shake.  They hung before him, moving over his legs then up his shirt and finally across his face.

I stepped back and used both hands to massage my mound through my panties.  The fabric between my legs saturated with my juices.  I pushed my fingers inside as far as I could, enjoying the rough feel against the opening into my pussy.  With one hand I reached behind and gathered the fabric between my butt cheeks.  Doing the same with the fabric in front I worked my stretched panties over my clit, adding to the shaking of my legs.  When I couldn't stand it any longer I pulled them off with one hand then reached between my legs and held them with one hand from behind and one in front.  Sawing my panties between my legs was excruciatingly stimulating.  The roughness of the material rasping over my clit and between my swollen lips became unbearable.

I paused to catch my breath, never taking my eyes off Tony, enjoying the excitement I was promoting within him.  I held my panties between my hand and vagina and began to push them into my sopping pussy.  I worked them in part way then let them hang between my legs and rubbed my fingers lightly across my clit letting my juices soak into them until they were saturated and my juice was dripping onto the floor.  I reached behind me, my hand parting my ass and worked the material hanging between my legs into my asshole until there was only a small fraction of my panties exposed.  I continued to frig myself as I stood before him, listening to his heavy breathing.  Moving closer towards him until I was straddling his legs I pulled the sopping fabric from inside me.  Making sure he was watching me I brought them up to my face, then leaning my head back and opening my mouth wide I squeezed them, wringing out my juices and capturing the flow in my mouth.  When I could wring no more out I sank to my knees before him, holding a mouthful of my spending.  Putting my face in front of his I opened my mouth so he could see my juice inside, then slowly let it slide down my throat.

He couldn't take anymore.  He pushed me roughly aside and commanded me to stand.  He called me abusive and degrading names and I took it, wanting to be his sex slave, wanting his degradation.  He fastened the new cuffs to my wrists and ankles then told me to pick up the rest of the equipment and ordered me to follow him.  I walked behind him to the porch where, unbeknownst to me he had screwed in metal eyes in the ceiling and floor.  He used the metal snap clips to attach my ankles to the eyebolts in the floor, spreading my legs wide apart.  Then, threading ropes through the rings of the cuffs and then through the eyebolts in the ceiling he pulled my arms up and out.  I enjoyed the open and exposed feeling.  Maybe I wasn't supposed to enjoy it too much as he pulled the ropes tightly.  So tightly my arms and legs were almost rigid, my heaving chest showing my ribcage in stark detail, my low hanging breasts flaring off to either side.

He told me that as he worked me over to say green if I wanted more, yellow if I was growing close to my limit and red to stop what he was doing.  Mentally I was prepared to only say green.  He explained that he was going to flog me and use the leather paddle and perhaps some other things.  That I was going to be blindfolded and he would be the only contact I would have with my surroundings.  With that he placed the blindfold over my face and all sight was shut off.  It was an unnerving but highly stimulating experience.  I loved the sensual feel of being spread and open, of the cool breeze blowing over me, it was all very erotic.

I stood there for a while with nothing happening.  I could hear him doing something but wasn't sure what.  Suddenly I felt a sharp pain in my left nipple.  He had flicked it with his finger.  I involuntarily jerked and tried to pull away but my movements were severely limited.  He began to flick my nipples rapidly and I made sharp intakes with my breath.  It was painful but not overly so, but more than that it was exciting.  I likened it to the pleasure/pain I got from being fisted; especially when he doubled fisted me.  That near orgasmic delight coupled with the aching pain and feeling of accomplishment.  The sensation was something I was not unfamiliar with, just in a different way.  I stopped trying to jerk away and as the rapid attack on my nipples continued, I began to thrust my body towards him to the small limits the bonds allowed.

Suddenly he stopped and I thrust forward my body more, searching for that sensation, but there was nothing, only silence.  Then, WHAM! and my butt exploded.  He had used the flogger across my ass.  It wasn't so much the pain, he didn't do it hard, but I reflexively jerked, thrusting my hips forward.  He hit me again and my ass felt warm, again, then again, and more, and the warmth spread to my pussy, then over my body.  God, this was good.  I said "Green" and my ass exploded again.  He hit me much harder and I flinched, but could take it.  I heard a whoosh sound then another blow, then once more. Then nothing.  I waited, my ass cheeks clenched, but nothing.  Silence, then, just before the next blow a whoosh and my ass rocked.  For the first time I noticed the loud slap of the leather strands across my flesh that accompanied the blow.

Suddenly he was beating my ass like mad and my body was on fire.  I wiggled in frustration, wanting something to rub against my burning clit but only blow after blow rained against my ass.  Again it stopped abruptly.  Then the forewarning whoosh but nothing happened.  I had involuntarily tightened my ass but no blow.  I groaned in frustration, wanting the lash.  He unloaded a violent slash against my ass.  I told you to be quiet he said, you can only say three things.  I whimpered in apology.  Shit, I was really getting into this.  I tensed for the next blow but nothing.  I sensed him moving but was unsure of exactly where.  I waited and listened.  My expectation growing, becoming unbearable, when my tits exploded as he lashed out at them.  I screamed out, mostly in surprise, and he growled "shut up!" and beat against my breasts.  He wasn't hitting me hard, it certainly wasn't painful, it didn't sting, just a slight burning glow.

Once again I breathed "green" and immediately the intensity increased. He began to strike repeatedly, alternating tits.  He hit me hard enough to cause my breasts to flop across my chest before swinging back.  He worked my tits over and the tension on my arms increased as my legs began to shake.  My knees bent slightly with my sexual excitement.  My tits flopped more wildly. They pulled heavily on my chest with their wild movements, stimulating me even more.  I began to thrust my hips within the limits of my bindings, searching for release.

Suddenly my pussy exploded as he laid the flogger across my mound, whipping up between my legs.  The ribbons of leather smashed against my clit, a few strands working briefly between my pussy lips.  My legs collapsed as my body exploded into orgasm.  I couldn't stifle the moans and gasps that escaped and he beat me over and over, slapping the flogger between my legs.  Almost my entire weight was borne by my arms, my legs only used to thrust my body forward as I bucked my hips in my orgasm.  My body was slick with sweat, my breast sticking to my torso, then rolling off.  I was powerless to stop him from striking me and my orgasm continued, stimulated by the lashings.  It was becoming overbearing but I refused to say "Red" and he kept flogging me.  I was crying in desperation but it was unceasing.  I could barely catch any breath; I just convulsed over and over.  Finally my body could not take anymore and I sank down, hanging limply by my arms as he continued to flail between my legs.  Eventually he grew tired and stopped.  I could hear him panting from his effort.  I tried to gasp out my gratitude to him but I couldn't catch my breath, I just hung there.

Eventually I regained my composure and straightened my wide spread legs. My breathing beginning to return to normal, I tried easing the stress on my arms by raising a little onto my toes.  I hung my head forward and leaned my body, trying to adjust my position.  My long tits hung down, swaying, and the cool breeze felt wonderful as it blew over my sweaty skin.  With my eyes blinded I used my other senses to figure out what was going on.  I mentally took stock of my situation, letting my mind wander over my body and enjoying the sensations of being openly exposed, helpless, dependent on him.  He began to caress my body, stroking me.  His fingers roamed over my body as if touching me for the first time.  My senses calmed and I enjoyed his gentle caresses, feeling so close to him, grateful for his touch.  Sweetly he explored me with wonderful sensual movements.  His hands brushed lightly over me, stroking me with as much sensitivity as a short time before he had been beating me.  As much as I had enjoyed and been aroused by his abuse I know felt soothed by his touch.  He stroked my swaying breasts and all the heat that had been there vanished, gently he kissed my nipples and they erected when his lips were removed and the cool air caressed them.

When the leather paddle smashed onto my tits I was totally unprepared.  He hit them with such force that they were knocked to the side, slapping across my side.  As they swung back he used the paddle on them again, whipping them back and forth like two long and full punching bags.  Their weight was such that as they flailed it jerked my entire body to the side.  The pummeling stopped and they swung back to hang heavily.  Only for a moment was there a respite.  Then the paddle smashed across my ass.  I couldn't contain the scream torn from me.  I heard someone screaming "GREEN!  GREEN!"  That couldn't be me but the beating increased in intensity.  I couldn't explain it; I am not a pain freak but being bound like this, with no defenses against his attack, was incredibly stimulating.  It was like being stretched, having my pussy and asshole reamed to greater dimensions.  Just as I always wanted my holes opened further I wanted more of this.

Tony must have been standing along my side because suddenly I felt the lash of the flogger across my tits.  My body flailed against my bonds.  I could feel my ass flesh shaking after each blow.  My tits careened all over so that sometimes he missed them and the lashes struck my belly.  I couldn't get enough as his blows pelted me.  I forgot that my vocabulary was limited to three words as I screamed for him to beat me, to punish me, to fuck me, to revile and degrade me.  I was going insane with lust, throwing myself about, when it stopped, unbelievably he stopped.  There was a moment of silence as I was caught unawares then I begged him to resume.  I pleaded but there was nothing.  I quieted for a moment, to gather my breath, and I heard a voice say, "Damn, she just can't get enough!"

MY God!  There was someone else there.  I cocked my head, trying to hear better, then I heard a babble of voices and realized there was more than one person.  I had no idea of how many, where did they come from?  I heard them discussing me.  For a 43 year old woman I wasn't bad, round ass, long tapering legs, large full breasts hanging low off my chest, slightly rounded stomach, the years had been kind to me.  I was pleased with me body yet to hear them discussing me like someone else was disconcerting.  Who gave them the right?  They referred to me as bitch or cunt or slut, and I wasn't.  Where was Tony?  Why did he let them talk about me?  What was going on?  I was starting to get a little scared and demanded that they release me.  No one replied to me, it was as if I wasn't there.

Hands started roaming my body, pulling, poking, and prodding.  I screamed at them.  Then I heard Tony's voice.  He called me his slut, his sub; I was his property to do with, as he wanted.  He told me to shut up and obey.  I realized that this was part of the role playing for my anniversary present but I hadn't bargained for this.  I did shut up but was feeling nervous.

I felt someone releasing my hands, and then my ankles from the eyebolts.  Someone led me a few steps away, and then something was going on which I couldn't place.  They continued to talk about me in the third person, never addressing me.  Suddenly hands grabbed me behind my legs and under my arms and lifted me up.  They commented about how slippery I was, from my cunt juices and my sweat.  They sniffed loudly at my body and made crude comments, laughing at me.  I should have been angered, incensed over this treatment but I meekly took it.  Restrained and blindfolded as I was robbed me of my normal self.  I felt like a slave, like a piece of meat for them to use.

As they lifted me into the horizontal I was carried a short ways then set down into something that wrapped around me.  It supported me from the neck to my ass.  When my head fell back it was caught by a support.  My feet were pulled up and back then locked into place.  I was in the sling.  In this position my holes were open to their view and they continued with their comments.  Discussing my attributes, commenting on them, probing my body.  Hands pulled my breasts, spread my pussy lips, fingers were inserted into my mouth.  Despite the degrading position I was growing aroused.

There was a short discussion about who should take me first and suddenly a cock was sliding into my pussy.  At the same time someone grabbed my head and forced it back and a cock was shoved into the back of my mouth.  I tired to suck it but it was to dry, I hadn't worked up enough saliva.  He kept forcing it into me and as my mouth moistened it began to slide in more easily.  I relaxed my jaw and throat and his wet cock bounced against my throat.  I worked at relaxing and pushed my head back, feeling him enter my throat and his pubic hair was pressing against my face.  That was a sign for him I guess as he held my head in his hands and fucked my mouth.  Short strokes at first, then long ones as I deep throated him.  He then pulled out and I felt him tense and a load of his cum shot into my mouth.  Quickly he forced himself all the way down my throat until my face was plastered against his belly.  My mouth was forced against him over and over as the guy in my cunt fucked me hard.  He held himself there as he emptied himself down my throat.  I started to panic, as he remained there, unable to breathe.  My throat started to work on his shaft, trying to suck in air.  Finally he pulled out and I gasped for breath, sucking in deep mouthfuls.  Long strings of his cum and my saliva dripped across my face and onto the deck.

Another guy took his place and I started to blow him.  The guy fucking me said "Switch" and the guy in my mouth pulled out, as did the guy in my pussy.  I tasted myself on him when he shoved his cock in my mouth.  Man after man fucked me in the face, cunt or ass.  I begged for them to shoot in my mouth and many did.  Sometimes I could not swallow fast enough and their cum rolled off my face but I was able o swallow most of it.  As they continued to use me I grew more excited. Some guys seemed to have jacked off on my body and I could feel it running off me.  My mouth started to get sore and tired after about the tenth guy but they were uncaring.  I had no idea how many times I was fucked but it seemed endlessly.  It got to the point that I became what they thought of me, just a slut to be used as a fuck site.  I knew nothing else; my whole reason for existing was as a sexual machine.  For hours I was at their mercy, the only difference for them was they could take a break.  I was just a receptacle for their cum.

I found out later that I had received between 60 and 70 loads.  They continued to use me though.  I knew they had food and drink but none was ever offered to me.  However I didn't need any, I was fully satisfied as their slut.  When they began to slow down I egged them on.  Pleading for them to use me more.  I begged for them to use me in any way the wanted, to degrade me, get more men, spit on me, abuse me.  I was going to be satisfied with nothing else.  I never neared orgasm but rather stayed in a constantly aroused state.  I felt I wasn't worthy of having an orgasm, I didn't deserve it, and I just wanted them to use me.

Many of them gave out before I did and that was when Tony stepped in.  He told the guys he was going to take me for a ride, show them what I really was.  I felt him put his hand against my cunt, curl it into a fist, then with one quick thrust he shoved it inside me.  I heard all sorts of exclamations from the guys when he did that.  He fisted me briefly, then jerked his hand out and told them that was what I really liked.  There was a brief commotion; they were fighting to be first. Someone won as another hand bumped against my pussy.  Inexpertly he moved it over my cunt and just forced it in.  He didn't care if the angle was right or the technique was proper, but it didn't matter.  I was just their cum bucket, their toy.  Tony did give him a little coaching and soon he was pummeling in and out of me.  Sometimes with long stokes, burying his fist until he was pressed hard against my cervix.  Other times in the short violent strokes that ground his knuckles in and out and sent skyrockets shooting off inside me.

Finally I was getting truly aroused.  Moving out of that dream like erotic state into the intense sexual realm of fisting.  Over and over I was fisted, big hands, little hands.  My cunt was over flowing.  My G-spot rubbed raw; slamming into it with a fist that then bounced off my pubic bone as it was withdrawn.  The squishy sound of a wet cunt being manhandled was loud in my ears.  One guy jerked his hand out of my pussy and kneaded it against my ass hole, there was a pause then he pressed it hard against my anal ring.  When he popped in I jerked from the pain but quickly recovered and thrilled to him when he began to punch fuck my ass.  I begged them for more; I begged them to go harder and to stretch me out as far as I could go.

While one guy tried his first ass fisting with me another guy started working his hand into my cunt.  He needed a bit more pressure, and then he popped in with ease.  I pleaded to have the blindfold removed so that I could watch.  I was so grateful when they complied.  I had begun to refer to myself in the third person like they were.  I told them "the slut wants to see, please let the pussy pig watch you abuse her".  It was the first chance to see what I looked like.  My body was shiny with all their cum and my sweat and piss.  I had peed several times while they were fucking me but they had never paused, even when I was squirting over them.  My tits were still red from the beating but there were no welts or anything.  The areola was swollen and broad across the tips of my breasts, the nipples rigid and hard.  My cunts lips were enormously swollen and elongated, my clit clearly visible sticking up between them.

I begged them over and over to open me, to double fist me.  There were two guys fisting me, one in my ass and one in my cunt.  Another guy reached over and tried to slide his hand in my cunt.  The guy already inside pushed in as deeply as he could go, forcing his clenched fist in so deep that my pussy held him about four inches past his wrist.  The one trying to get his hand in looked to Tony for guidance, but he only shrugged.  So he resumed sliding it inside me.  I was the loosest I had ever been but also I had never been doubled with a hand in my ass.  I tensed up as he tried to work it in, then forced myself to relax.  I held my breath as he pushed harder.  He kept hitting my pubic bone preventing him from going in.  I suggested he try it from the side instead.  Actually what I said was "maybe the slut could take your hand if you fistfucked her sideways".  He sneered at me and continued pushing from the top.  He forced the hand below his hard against the one in my ass then pushed hard.  His hand popped in and I groaned in relief.  They tried fucking me but I was too tight.  The sling swung towards them as the pulled and away as they pushed.  A couple guys got behind me and held it steady.  Even with that they could barely move their hands.  They pushed in and out with short strokes, gradually growing more violent.

With one strong pull, and the guys behind me pulling in the opposite direction, their hands popped out.  The one in my ass stayed in, barely noticed.  They pushed back in together, forcing my cunt to open and ride up over their hands.  I had never felt anything so mind numbingly intense.  The cunt begged for someone to rub her clit but no one listened.  They pulled out again, then back in.  I began to buck against them, hunching my hips, trying to fuck their hands.  Within 15 minutes they were moving easily in and out, fucking me furiously.  I ached to cum, throwing myself at them as best I could.  The one in the ass started to join in with them, pulling out, then back inside in unison with them.  They went faster and faster, with greater force.  The air whooshed out of my lungs with every thrust; my abdomen bulged with the combined mass of their fists.  The arms were a blur now as they fucked me.

I could barely contain myself in my efforts to come.  My cunt was grasping and clenching involuntarily, trying to orgasm.  As the three hands fucked me I threw my body about.  I did this and threw off the motion of the one fucking my ass and his hand started to go into my cunt with the other two.  When they didn't go in this caught the two guys behind me off guard and they staggered back.  Quickly they recovered and pushed me back against the guys fucking me.  They teetered at the opening to my cunt, and then the muscles gave way, permanently stretched open, and admitted all three hands inside my cunt.  I screamed and thrashed about.  The pain searing through my body.  They grasped their hands inside my body and tried to pull the mass out.  My cunt had given way once, and did again.  They pulled out, my lips stretched around their hands before reluctantly letting go.  The pain flashed through my body and before I had a chance to recover they were inside again.  They fucked me repeatedly and the pain gave way to a sexual eroticism that stretched limitlessly before me.  My cunt became an open maw, gaping widely when they yanked out of me, my belly dropped visibly, then mushroomed out again with the in stroke.

I had had it.  I couldn't take anymore.  My body twitched and jerked in a vain attempt to orgasm.  No one would help.  I wanted them to stop, I pleaded with them over and over to stop fucking the whore.  Maybe they didn't understand me, as all they seemed to hear was more, more, more.  A guy stepped up and tried to slide his hand in as well.  My cunt was already wrapped around three arms; three fists were ramming in and out of me.  My pussy gaped open at least six inches when it was empty and they were trying to put more in.  The fourth guy pushed harder.  The other three held their hands inside me while he pushed.  He made a little progress but I could see by the strain on his face that he couldn't push any harder.  I kept repeating the "whore is full' but it came out as "fuck me more".  Another guy grabbed the fourth arm and helped push.  It went in a little further.  Guys were pounding their meat over me, spraying my body with their cum.  My belly was swollen obscenely by the fists inside me.  I couldn't get over the look of that.  My hugely swollen belly, red from where I had been flogged.

I felt my cunt give way as it always seemed to do and his hand slid inside to join the others.  My white taught cunt lips were wrapped tight around four arms, their hands buried deep inside me.  They tried to fuck me but I must have some limits, as they couldn't pull them out together.  Instead I was being lifted out of the sling, suspended and hanging from their arms.  They pushed and pulled but only lifted me up then dropped my back down.  I couldn't accept what was happening.  I couldn't understand it; my mind could not comprehend.  Most of the time I couldn't see what was happening, my abdomen too swollen to see over.  Only when they lifted me up and my head fell forward could I see.  With one great lunge, then recoil, they tried to pull out of me.  They lifted me up, almost over their heads, my hands and feet still connected to the sling.  Someone released me and I was lifted over their heads.  They paraded around with me raised above them.  They pumped their arms and that movement was enough.  I roared into an orgasm as my body convulsed.  My entire being contracted then expanded with each cum.  This went on endlessly as they bounced me up and down, high in the air.  I kicked out with my feet and threw my arms about as I came.  Juice flowed out of me as I spewed the build up cum.  I slid further down their arms, nearing the combined width of their elbows.  Time had stood still.  My tits flailed against my swollen belly.

Finally my body went slack; I had no more to give.  My legs and arms hung limply as my body draped over the four arms deep inside my body.  They continued to parade me around long after I lost consciousness.  My body twitching reflexively, my mind numb to everything.

Now, two weeks later, Tony's foot inside me, I watched as my belly moved with his movements.  The sight of my expanded abdomen came flooding back to me and I knew that I had to try something to expand my belly.  I wanted to look nine months pregnant and that was going to be my next adventure.

Comments to duress1959@yahoo.com
