The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in which it is
legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or
any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder,
except may be posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access, non-commercial archive sites. 

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter. 

Please!  Give me your comments.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com


MY BOSS' SLUT

Part Seven

That Friday morning when I went to work, I didn't tie Becky to the bed.  It was the first time in
three weeks she'd been unbound when I left.  She was wild with excitement.  Of course, her
wildness was partially attributable to not having any orgasms in forty-eight hours after averaging
fifty or so a day for the two weeks before that.  And she was wildly anticipating the weekend
because she knew, just knew, she was going to get pregnant this weekend. All in all, she was a
mad woman. 

I was excited, too.  Our whole adventure with Mr. Williams had started because Becky wanted
more sex than I could give her and she wanted a baby, which I couldn't give her, since I was
sterile. 

I knew she was going to the hairdresser and then to the dress shop to pick up her new dress.  Mr.
Williams had told me he would bring Trudy over when he picked up Becky so I could have
Trudy that weekend. 

I got home early.  Becky was in the shower.  I was standing in the bathroom waiting for her when
she turned off the water.  She saw me and squealed, throwing herself into my arms, crushing
those big tits against me.  

"Bobby! Bobby! This is the weekend!  I'm going to get pregnant!  Oh, Bobby, I've wanted this so
long!" 

She shoved me back against the wall and started trying to unbuckle my belt. 

"No, Becky.  Mr. Williams said no orgasms until he picks you up." 

"Please.  I had one in the shower, but I need another one. One from a cock up me.  Please, Bobby. 
Oh, God, Bobby, do you realize what has happened!  Do you?  Well?" 

"What?" I answered, confused by her conversation. 

"I orgasm so easily now.  And, you, you big stud, you hold back so much better.  Do you know I
orgasm every time your fuck me?  Did you know that?  Every time!  Oh, God, that's so great.
Just think, Bobby. I cum every time you stick your dick in me.  I just love that!" 

She giggled evilly. 

"Now, don't let that be an excuse not to eat my pussy.  You've always been the best pussy eater
in the world, and I do love your tongue.  You'll eat my pussy, won't you?  If I'm a good little slut
for you?  Please, Bobby." 

"Of course, Becky.  I love eating you." 

"Do it now!" 

"No orgasm."

"Meanie," she said petulantly.  

Suddenly, she stepped back and looked at me quizzically. 

"Bobby, do you eat Trudy?" 

I had to think for a minute.   

"No.  I don't" 

"Honey, you should.  If she's going to be your slut, too, you should eat her.  You know, Bobby,
all women love to be eaten, to have a man lick their pussy and suck their clit.  And, I know Mr.
Williams will never do that. So, you can give her a great pleasure she'll not get from anyone else. 
Because, Bobby, as good as fucking is, eating is almost as good, and no one does it better than
you." 

"I thought you didn't want me to be with Trudy." 

She was towel drying her hair, which had been cut shorter and dyed a brassy blonde.  It was a
style where she just dried it and fluffed it. As she vigorously massaged her scalp, those big tits
moved like animals.  It was mesmerizing.  

"Hey, my face is up here," she said with a laugh.  "Seriously, honey.  I want you to have Trudy." 

She put the towel down and took my hands in hers. She put my hands on her hips and shoved her
pelvis against me. 

"Look, Bobby.  No one has said anything to me, but I have a gut feeling about this.  Bobby, what
if Mr. Williams wants me to have sex with a bunch of guys.  Will you mind?" 

"You had sex with everyone at the old folks' home and I didn't mind." 

"I have a feeling he might be thinking of a whole lot, like, maybe, a dozen or so." 

I didn't tell her it would be two dozen plus.  Mr. Williams asked me to let him surprise her.  

"I won't mind.  I'll still love you." 

"Oh, Bobby.  I know I'm the biggest slut in town, maybe in the whole country.  I do love being a
slut.  I can't tell you how much I love it.  But I love you so much.  I need you to be here for me. I
never want to lose you.  That's the reason I want you to have Trudy, or, if not her, someone else. 
I want your sex life to be wonderful, too." 

"It'd be wonderful with just you.  You're the greatest." 

"Thanks, baby.  I know I'm the greatest, but a lot of times I'll be fucking someone else, maybe a
lot of someone elses.  If Trudy's available, well, I want you to go for it," she said. 

"Don't worry about it.  Did Mr. Williams call?  What does he have planned?"  

Her eyes lit up like a slot machine. 

"Oh, Bobby.  I'm so excited!  This weekend I get pregnant, and, I get laid until I cannot walk. 
He'll be here in thirty minutes.  He's bringing Trudy with him to spend the weekend with you
while I'm fucking your boss and his friends.  Don't forget.  Eat her pussy.  She'll love it.  Let me
put on my makeup and then I'll show you my dress." 

Without talking and with complete concentration, Becky professionally applied her makeup.  Of
course, she wore more than she did before she became a slut, my boss' slut.  Mr. Williams
wanted her to wear more.  She slipped red thigh high stockings up her legs.  She put on red
pumps with six inch heels. They buckled around her ankle, but did not lock.   

When she got the dress out of the closet, at first, I thought it was a bikini.  It was tiny.  It was red
and made of nylon and spandex. The top had shoulder straps and a strap which ran behind her
back.  It was a pullover, sleeveless.  It covered her breasts and stopped.  When she put it on, I
was reminded of packing sausage.  It was that tight, hugging her breasts perfectly.  She looked
more naked than if she had been naked. 

The skirt was as revealing.  She wiggled it up her body and over her hips. She held her breath as I
zipped it. When she was standing, you could see about a half inch of bare skin below the skirt
and above the stockings.  The waist of the skirt dipped in front coming to a "v" which pointed
straight down between her legs, with the point of the "v" where hair would have been had she
hadn't been shaved. Her jewelry which said slut and hung from her pierced navel was the only
thing she wore between her breasts and her skirt. 

She was prancing, almost out of control. She was like a horse ready for a parade.  And, boy, did
she look good! 

The doorbell rang.  She squealed and ran to open the door.  She jumped into Mr. Williams arms
on the front porch, threw her legs around him and kissed him with all she had.  I glanced around
for the neighbors.  Mr. Gleason was watering his flowers again, watching Becky as intently as he
could. 

"Easy, Becky," Mr. Williams said. She held on like a leech as he walked in. Trudy was right
behind them. 

"Trudy!" Becky said.  Trudy looked startled. 

"Thank you for being with Bobby while I'm with Mr. Williams.  I really appreciate it," Becky
said.  She sounded sincere.  Trudy looked as if she couldn't believe it.  "Now, take good care of
him for me!" 

"Sure, Becky," Trudy replied, still acting as if she could not believe Becky.  

"Let's go, Mr. Williams!" 

"Not so fast. Bob, fuck this hot slut and do it doggie style."

Becky spun on her heel, arched her back to thrust her breasts out toward me, and grinned. 

"Yeah, Bobby.  Fuck this hot slut!" 

Mr. Williams pushed Becky across the table face first and lifted up her skirt.  She was wiggling
her ass and murmuring "come on, come on."  I unzipped my pants and pulled out my cock.  Boy,
was I hard!  Me! Bobby! Hard as a rock and getting ready to fuck the best slut in the whole
country. I jammed it in Becky. 

"Slowly, Bobby.  Make her beg for it," Mr. Williams said softly in my ear. 

I slowed down making long, smooth strokes, slamming in fast, coming out slow.  Becky was
whining and whimpering.  On the fifth stroke, I felt her pussy spasm on my cock. 

"Yes, Bobby. Yes! Do me faster! Faster! I'm cumming! Oh, God, I'm cumming." 

She was sweating, and spasming on my cock.  I was easily holding back.  By the time I came,
Becky had three orgasms and was covered in sweat. As I pulled out, Mr. Williams reached over
and pinched Becky's pussy shut with his fingers. In his other hand was a gold clip, like the kind
women wear in their hair.  It had three teeth on each side.  

Now I knew why he had three rings put in each side of Becky's pussy.  The teeth of the comb
were designed to slip into the rings in her pussy.  When he released the snap, the spring closed,
holding her pussy shut.  

"What are you doing?" Becky asked, sounding confused. 

"Get a mirror, Trudy," Mr. Williams ordered.  

Trudy got the mirror and gave it to him.  He held it so Becky could look back through her legs
and see her pussy. 

"Well, look at that," she said.  "It seals my pussy." 

Becky was admiring her pussy, as we all were.  It did look very slutty to see her pierced pussy,
which was full of my cum, sealed with a golden comb.  

"Okay, Becky.  Let's go," Mr. Williams said, playfully swatting her ass which was raised in the
air.  Becky giggled as she stood and straightened her clothes.  

"Let me clean up before we leave." 

"No.  You looked freshly fucked.  That's the way sluts should look." 

She smiled like that thought pleased her and grabbed her purse.  She kissed me on the lips and
whispered for me to be sure to eat Trudy while she was gone.  What surprised me was she kissed
Trudy on the lips, too, and told her to please me.  Trudy was stunned, standing with her mouth
hanging open as she watched them leave.   

Mr. Gleason watched every move of Becky's body as she pranced to the limo on Mr. Williams'
arm.  She wiggled even more for him and blew him a kiss.  Mr. Gleason was going to drown
those damn flowers if he kept watering them as an excuse to see what Becky was doing.  

Trudy and I had a lovely weekend.  We spent Friday night in bed together.  Saturday, we went to
the beach. Trudy looked great in her bikini. I really liked Trudy.  She was sexy, sweet and fun.
While she was fucking two men, Mr. Williams and me, she didn't act like a true slut, like Becky.
But my Becky was a world class slut. 

It was interesting comparing the two of them.  I was very glad I had them both. But if someone
said I could only have one of them, I would say Becky no matter how many other men she
fucked. I liked Trudy a lot.  But I loved Becky. 

I did spend a lot of time that weekend eating Trudy.  Becky was right.  She loved it.  She said no
man had ever eaten her before.  I felt sorry for those men.  They had missed some very sweet
tasting pussy. 

Mr. Williams called us from the phone in the limo.  We were standing on the front porch when it
pulled up in front at four thirty on that Sunday afternoon.  Instantly, the door opened and Becky
stepped out.  Trudy gasped and my mouth fell open. 

Becky was naked. I mean naked.  Even her stockings and shoes were gone.   She acted like
nothing was wrong as she bent over to kiss Mr. Williams goodbye which flashed her pussy at us. 
I could see the comb was in place. Mr. Gleason was watering his flowers again.   

"Hi, Mr. Gleason," Becky called out as she waved to him. Her walk was exaggerated as she
swished down the sidewalk to the door.  She did not run, but walked as if she had all day.  Mr.
Gleason sat down in the wet flowerbed.  I could clearly hear his groan.   

On the front porch, Becky gave me a quick kiss and said hi.  She turned to Trudy. 

"Did you take good care of him?" she asked. 

"Of course," Trudy said, blushing slightly. 

"Thanks, Trudy," Becky said sincerely.   She grabbed Trudy and kissed her hard on the lips, her
tongue in Trudy's mouth, their bodies grinding together. At first Trudy tried to pull away, but
Becky held her by the back of the neck and kissed her like a man kisses a woman he wants to
conquer. Becky's other hand was playing with Trudy's breast. Trudy's eyes glazed over and closed
and her arms dropped by her side as her resistance ceased.  Becky broke the kiss and patted
Trudy lovingly on the bottom. 

"Mr. Williams is waiting, Trudy.  But, you and I'll get together real soon." 

Trudy backed away, almost falling off the porch. We watched her run to the limo and jump in.
The door slammed and the limo sped off.  I shut the front door behind us. Becky looked very
happy, but exhausted, as if she were running on pure adrenalin. Her short, brassy blonde hair was
spiked, like a punk rocker. I realized it was plastered with cum as was much of the rest of her. 
She was covered in cum.  

"What was kissing Trudy all about?" 

"Bobby, it occurred to me that men like to see women having sex with women. Women can have
sex continually, but you guys have to rest sometimes.  So, we girls can please each other while
you guys are resting. Besides, Bobby, let's be honest.  How can I really be a slut if I do not have
sex with other women?" 

"That does make sense," I replied, thinking about how much I enjoyed just watching them kiss. I
was really looking forward to Becky and Trudy really getting it on with each other. She leaned
against me and kissed me long and slowly.  

"I have so much to tell you.  I hope it makes you happy, Bobby, because, while it's very slutty
and really wild, it makes me happier then I have ever been since the day I married you." 

"Becky, I'm anxious to hear," I replied. 

"Come on.  I want a bath." 

Just then, the doorbell rang.  I peered out the peephole to see Mr. Gleason standing there, looking
sanctimonious and angry.  I told Becky who it was.  She just grinned and opened the door wide,
standing there naked and slutty for Mr. Gleason to see.  His eyes bugged out and he couldn't
yank his stare from Becky's naked tits.  But his mouth still worked. 

"Young woman," he snapped.  "You're nothing but a common slut!  I'm going to call the police
and report your scandalous behavior.  We have laws against people like you!" 

Becky grabbed his head with both hands and kissed him hard, grinding her mouth and body
against him.  She took his hands and put them on those big tits of hers.  I saw her hands over his,
making him massage her tits.  

"Massage my tits, Mr. Gleason.  Come on now.  Doesn't that feel good to you?  Yes, I'm a slut.
But there is nothing common about me.  I'm the best slut in the whole fucking country." 

She released his hands and Mr. Gleason kept massaging her tits.  He looked like he couldn't
believe where his hands were and had absolutely no control over them.  Becky slipped her hands
to his crotch and massaged his cock through his pants. 

"Nice cock, Mr. Gleason," she said sensually.  "If you come in your pants for me, tomorrow I'll
give you a blow job.  I'll let you play with my tits all you want to while you come in my mouth.
You'll love doing that, won't you?  Come on, Mr. Gleason, come in your pants for me."   

I could tell by his face he could not hold back.  He jerked and groaned. 

"Oh, that's a good boy," she murmured as her hands flew back and forth. "Now, come over at
nine in the morning for your blow job from the best slut in the country.  Don't be late." 

She kissed him softly and pushed him out the door.  I looked through the peephole.  Mr. Gleason,
stunned and frozen, stood facing the closed door.  His hands were still raised, fingers open as
they had been when he played with Becky's tits.  

Becky grinned at me and took my hand to lead me into the bathroom. She stopped by the bed,
kissed me again and put my hand on her pussy.  I could  feel the golden comb. 

"Do you know what's in my pussy, Bobby?" 

"No." 


"Cum.  The cum of seven men.  Five of those seven will be the fathers of your children.   Your
children, Bobby.  And mine.  Five little babies for us to raise as our own. Bobby, you better sit
down." 

She held my hands as we sat side by side on the bed. When she smiled, I could see flakes of
white, dried cum, break off and float away. 

"Bobby, seven men put their seed in me to get me pregnant. They're not all white.  Bobby, I don't
care.  Do you?" 

"No. Mr. Williams told me the plan to get you pregnant." 

"And you don't mind?  Thank God, Bobby, because I love his plan.  I love the idea that I'll  have
children that don't look like you, not even of your race.  I love that all of my children will have
different fathers.  I mean, this is definitely world class slut.  I was afraid you'd object." 

"Don't be afraid. I just want them to all be healthy." 

She gave me a big grin, but her eyes were clouded.  She had something else to tell me and she
was afraid of my response. 

"That's not all, Bobby.  I'm going to be a whore." 

"What do you mean?" 

"I mean they want me to quit teaching and let all of them fuck me.  There are twenty-five of
them, Bobby.  Twenty-five hard cocks to keep my sweet pussy filled. I like thinking of you and
twenty-five other men to keep me satisfied. But they're going to pay me.  That makes me a
whore." 

Tears formed in her eyes and slid down her cheeks, leaving wet tracks in the dried cum she wore
as slut makeup.  Her lower lip began to quiver like it always did when she was going to cry. 

"Bobby," she said in a timid, tiny voice.  "I don't want to be a whore.  I want to be a slut." 

"Becky!"  The sharp edge to my voice seized her attention.  "You're not a whore.  You're a
professional slut.  Think about it.  Everyone knows a professional is better than an amateur, in
any endeavor, like baseball, or tennis, or skating.  You're not going to be on the street soliciting.
You're not going to have sex with just anyone.  You have a full time career as private slut to a
club of wealthy men. You're being rewarded for being the best slut in the world.  You're a
professional slut."

"Oh, Bobby, do you really think that is what I am?" 

"Of course." 

"You don't think I'm a whore?" 

"No." 

She smiled again and the tears dried up.  She thought about it, her expression changing from
sadness through concentration to happiness. 

"Bobby.  You're right!  I'm a professional slut, not a whore.  Oh, Bobby, think about it.  I'm a
pro." 

"Well, professional slut, what kind of deal did they make you?" 

Mr. Williams had told me what the offer would be, but he told me not to tell Becky about it.  I
was waiting for her to tell me and I planned to act surprised when she said it.  I really was
surprised.  

"Bobby, they made me a pathetic offer.  So, we negotiated.  I mean, I'm going to have five
children to support and put through college. They offered a lousy ten thousand a month.  Now, let
me tell you how it ended up.  There are twenty-five men, twenty-four in Mr. Williams' club and
Horse.  I thought it was so sweet Horse wanted to be included.  I really like him." 

"I know you do," I said.  I knew she liked his big cock as well as his sweetness. 

"Anyway, each of them will contribute six hundred dollars a month.  For that, they get me three
times a month each.  They can sign up for extra time at two hundred an hour.  Anal sex is two
hundred extra each penetration.  I figure I will gross, oh, maybe, twenty to twenty-five thousand a
month.  I have to pay for the townhouse, and the costumes and stuff, and the supplies and
things." 

"What do you mean by costumes?" 

"You know.  Fetish clothing, little girl dresses for when they want me to act like a schoolgirl,
maids uniforms, nurses uniforms, corsets, bondage equipment like ropes and whips.  Costumes
and stuff." 

"I never thought about that." 

"That's why I'm the professional here.  You know what else?  One of them is a car dealer.  I
ordered a new convertible, which he's selling me at his cost.  I can pick it up tomorrow.  A slut
needs good wheels, Bobby." 

She dug her nails into my arms.  

"Think about it!  We'll be financially secure in just a few years.  We can invest all that money for
our future, Bobby, yours and mine.  And the children.  The children's future, too." 

Becky leaned into me and pushed me on my back.  She straddled me, resting her pussy on my
chest. 

"Do you want to eat this cum, Bobby, the cum of the seven fathers?" 

"No.  I told you that." 

"Just offering, in case you changed your mind.  Come on." 

She hopped off me and went into the bathroom.  She got her water glass by the sink and held it
under her pussy as she gently removed the comb.  Cum plopped out and ran into the glass.  When
she thought she had it all, she raised the glass, said, "cheers" and drank it down, licking her glass
and her lips when she was through. 

"This slut does love cum.  This slut's tired all of a sudden.  Come on.  Shower with me." 

I took off my clothes and joined her in the shower.  She was quiet as I shampooed her head and
washed her throughly.  She let me dry her hair, which was now squeaky clean.  She barely made
it to the bed before she was asleep.  Before I covered her over, I looked at the bruises on her lips
and tits and hips.  She had a hard weekend.  I was dying to hear about it. 

She awakened about seven, hungry as a bear.  I ordered pizza.  We sat together on the couch,
sipping our beers, as we waited for it.   

"God, Bobby.  What a weekend.  Do you want to hear?" she asked coquettishly. 

"Yes.  I love hearing." 

"I know.  You're really proud of me, aren't you?  You're proud your wife is a world class slut." 

"Yes, I'm proud of you." 

"And you like the fact I'm fucking a lot of men.  Don't lie to me." 

"Yes.  I like our life together, too." 

"Me, too, Bobby.  I'm blessed beyond my dreams.  I'm a professional slut who's going to have
five children and my husband is supportive and loving and proud of his slut wife.  How did I get
so lucky?" 

Gently, she kissed me. Then, she kissed me hard and giggled. 

"Bobby, I'll bet money I'm pregnant right now, as we speak.  Let me tell you all about it.  You
know when Mr. Williams picked me up Friday, I was wearing my comb and my pussy was full of
your cum.  It didn't seem we were driving in the right direction so I asked where we were going. 

'To the mall.  I'm going to let you prance through the mall.  And, I'm going to remove the comb
so the cum drips down your leg and everyone can see it,' Mr. Williams said. 

Bobby, that's so slutty I almost orgasmed just thinking about it. Then, I realized both our parents
ate dinner Friday night at the restaurant in the mall. Suddenly, I didn't  want to be there.  I don't
mind being a slut, but I didn't want to embarrass them.  I told Mr. Williams. It was the first time I
ever said no to him.  He just smiled and said okay. Well, we drove to the building his club uses.  

You're so hard, Bobby.  You really do get turned on listening to my adventures, don't you?" 

"Yes," I gasped as she played with my cock. 

"Whenever you want me to stop talking and fuck or suck, just let me know.  Where was I?  Oh,
yes.  As I was getting out of the limo at his club, he stopped me. My legs were spread with one
foot in the limo and one out. He popped the comb and the cum just gushed from me.  Your cum,
Bobby, running down my legs as he led me into the club.  Seven men were there when you
include Mr. Williams.  Of course, I recognized some of them from before.  And, Horse was one
of them.  I gave him a big, wet kiss as I ground my tits into his chest.  He loved it.   

'Now, Becky, my sweet slut, one of us seven will get you pregnant,' Mr. Williams said to me. 

I was so excited. I was going to get fucked seven times and get pregnant. But it didn't work out
that way.  Bobby, there is the pizza man.  Do you want me to answer the door?" 

Becky was not teasing me.  She would have answered the door even though she was naked. I was
wearing a robe.  I answered the door and returned with the pizza to the kitchen table.  Becky
grabbed a piece, stuffing it in her mouth like she was starving.  I got us fresh beers and set down
with her. 

"Um, that pizza's good," she said, trying to catch the dangling cheese with her fingers.  

"Go on," I urged. 

"Even sluts have to eat," she said with a laugh, licking tomato sauce from her fingers.  I had
noticed Becky loved to eat more sloppily since she became a slut.  She liked to get the food on
her hands and lick it off.  Then, I realized I enjoyed that same thing, too. She chugged some beer
and wiped her mouth. 

"Bobby, Mr. Williams told me to undress, which was real easy since I was wearing almost
nothing. The men undressed as I did.  

'Now, little slut, get on your knees.  Suck each cock until it is hard and then thank it for getting
you pregnant.' 

I did just like Mr. Williams said. Oh, Bobby, seven of them, all waiting to get me pregnant.   I
knelt and took a cock in my mouth, a black cock.  I got it nice and hard, thanked it and, then, I
went to the second man.  I did all seven, just like Mr. Williams said for me to do.  

Mr. Williams does know how to make a girl feel slutty, Bobby.  As I was sucking the last of the
seven, Mr. Williams put something around my neck.  It was a leather bondage collar, a thick,
wide one.  He snugged it tight.  I heard the click of the padlock as he locked it around my neck.  
My adrenalin was really rushing now.  I had no idea what they were going to do to me. Not that I
cared.  As long as I got fucked long and often and got pregnant, they could do anything they
wanted to me. 

They carried me in and lay me on the bed. There was a leather strap running around the bed and
they attached my collar to that strap.  I could not raise my head off the bed. As I was trying to
figure out what they were doing, they attached leather restraints around my ankles. 

Bobby, your cock's twitching.  If you cum and I don't get to swallow it, I'll never forgive you." 

"You better get your mouth to work then," I moaned.  

"God, I love sucking cock," she murmured as she lowered her lips over my cock head.  

Becky is a good cocksucker.  No.  Becky is a world class cock sucker and she loves doing it.
Becky expelled a great sigh as she daintily retrieved a dapple of cum on her chin and sucked her
finger clean. 

"Bobby, you know what they did next?  They spread my legs and attached them to the corner
posts of the bed. They attached them high up so I was really hanging by my ankles with my pussy
straight up in the air.  I wondered how they were going to fuck me that way.  But they had no
intention of fucking me.  Horse retrieved a funnel, you know, the kind you use in chemistry glass
with the Teflon lining so everything slides through and there's a valve at the bottom to hold
things in the funnel until you want to release the contents. 

'Okay, men.  Ready?' Mr. Williams said. 

'Ready!' they all replied. 

Bobby, I couldn't believe it.  They starting masturbating.  That's right!  Beating off! Right there
in front of me and each other.  All seven of them. They were sort of at the side of the bed and I
could turn my head and see them.  They were all pounding their puds, laughing and teasing each
other like junior high kids.  I think they had more fun doing a circle jerk than fucking me.  Well,
at least that one time.  

I was so disappointed.  I wanted all those hard cocks up my sweet slue. But I was not so
disappointed I didn't play with myself.  I want you to know my hands were busy on my pussy. 
Then one of them groaned and grabbed the funnel.  He stuck his dick in it and squirted his cum
into the funnel.  Do you know why?" 

"Tell me." 

"I will.  As each one was ready to shoot, he grabbed the funnel and shot into it.  Bobby, they
filled that funnel with hot, fresh, man cum.  

'Okay, Becky.  Stick a finger in it and stir it all up.  We want every sperm to have an equal
chance at impregnating you,' Mr. Williams said. 

Bobby, talk about slutty!  I stirred up all the sperm in the funnel, making it swirl round and
round. When Mr. Williams pulled the funnel away, I sucked my finger clean.  Think of it.  The
cum of seven men on my finger and in my mouth at once. 

Oh, Bobby.  Then, one of the men held the lips to my pussy open and Mr. Williams eased the
funnel into me.  I could feel its plastic hardness nudge my cervix.  

'Number one, in the chute,' Mr. Williams said and turned the valve. 

I orgasmed.  Yes, I did.  Just from the feel of all that sperm running into me, just from knowing I
was going to get pregnant. It felt so good.  They let the funnel drain and eased it out.  Then, they
sealed my pussy with my comb again. 

'Becky, lay there for a while.  We'll come back for you,' Mr. Williams said. 

They shut off the light and left me there.  I started to cry I was so happy.  Not only was I tied to
the bed with my legs up and opened like the good slut I am, but the sperm of seven men were
trapped in my pussy fighting for the chance to make me pregnant.  I could almost feel all those
sperm in me, Bobby." 

I had to admit that the way Mr. Williams used the funnel to put the sperm in Becky would most
certainly make the bet very fair.  Every man's sperm stood an equal chance of getting my Becky
pregnant.  I wondered which one would win.  She must have wondered the same thing.  

"You know, Bobby, as I lay there, feeling all that cum in my sealed pussy, knowing one of those
men's sperm was impregnating me at that very moment, I tired to envision what the child would
look like.  I knew each of the men.  I tried to see what blend of my genes and his would be in a
baby. Well, with seven different men from six different ethnic groups, it would take a computer
to try to determine what the baby would look like. 

Then, I realized I didn't care.  I really didn't.  I just wanted a healthy, happy baby." 

"Me, too, Becky.  Me, too." 

"Oh, I love you, Bobby." 

She held onto me tightly, her head on my shoulder.  I held her, too, as we just enjoyed each other
and the moment. 

"In about half an hour, the door opened and Mr. Li came in.  He was the Oriental whose sperm
was in me.  He released my ankles and neck and led me by the hand into the other room. Migod,
there were naked men everywhere.  The club has a hot tub and whirlpool, a billiard room, a TV
room and reading room and a card room, as well as a big kitchen and dining room.  

Bobby, every one of the men was naked.  Mr. Li gave me a tour of the club facilities, introducing
me to all the men.  As I met each one of them, they kissed me and played with my tits, so by the
time I had met all of them, I was very much in need of a few orgasms. 

Damn, Bobby, you are so hard.  I just love that." 

"Keep talking."

"There were two other women, but they were dressed.  He told me they would cook and serve the
food and drinks, but not participate in the sex.  

That's when I knew I was getting ready for more fucking then I ever had in my life.  I was
quivering thinking about all those cocks in me. Think of it. Mr. Li told me there were twenty-five
of them.  Twenty-five. My head was reeling.  

As I walked, I could feel all that cum and my own juices sloshing around in my pussy.  It felt so
strange and so good.  When we returned to the big room, Mr. Williams and Mr. Li helped me
stand on the poker table.  All the men gathered around.  They were all staring at me, Bobby.  Me!
At my tits! And, my pussy!  I was displayed like prime merchandise, like a champion slut. 

Mr. Williams explained to the other men about getting me pregnant and the bet and all.  Then, he
told everyone they could fuck me all they wanted, but they had to use condoms so as to not
interfere with the bet. And know what else?  He told them to feed me their cum from the condom
after they fucked me. 

Mr. Williams turned to me and handed me the funnel. 

'You know what to do,' he said, and I did. 

I put the funnel under my pussy and removed the comb.  All that good cum drained into the
funnel.  I stuck the funnel in my mouth and opened the valve.  They applauded, clapping for my
cum sucking ways. As my head was back and I was still sucking the cum from the funnel, I felt
hands on me.  They laid me on the table and started. 

Oh, Bobby, I feel sorry for you, not because you were not there, I mean.  I feel sorry for you
because you are a man.  You get hard and fire, then you are done for a while.  But a woman,
particularly a woman who's a slut like me, is just getting warmed up after one man. You know, I
start orgasming with one, but with many, I'm transported to a wild, wonderful fuck land. A
woman can fuck all night and orgasm all night and love it all night.  And not just one night, but
every night. I feel sorry for all men because they cannot enjoy sex as much as women can." 

I thought about that.  I know, as much as I enjoyed it, I didn't like sex nearly as much as Becky.  

"Think of every possible way a man can fuck a woman.  I did them all. Against the wall, upside
down, in the hot tub, on the billiard table, every way.  Those guys were competing to see who
could give me the best fucking and in the most unusual position.  It was a tie.  They all were
magnificent." 

Becky gave a huge sigh.  I saw her hand snake between her legs to play with herself as the joy of
her memories made her horny again.  

"The seven fathers didn't fuck me.  All the others did.  Mr. Martinez, who is the Hispanic whose
sperm was in me, said they were saving themselves for the bet.  When it was fairly late, I was
fucked out, laying on the bed.  I was more satisfied then I ever have been.  Horse came in and
helped me to the bathroom.  I showered, used the facilities and douched.  Then, he retied me to
the bed and they all masturbated into the funnel again.  Again, their cum was swirled by my
finger and then released in my pussy.  They put the comb in place.  They released my legs, bound
my wrists behind me, attached my collar to the headboard with a short chain and left me there for
the night.  As they all told me goodnight, they swatted my ass or twisted a nipple.  They turned
out the light as they left.  

It was dark.  I was alone.  Alone except for a billion sperm swimming around inside me. Isn't that
slutty, Bobby?  Isn't that just wonderful?  I was fucked until I could not move, my pussy sealed
with the sperm of seven men in it, and tied to the bed so they could start using me again in the
morning. 

I felt like a true slut.  And, Bobby, I knew, I just knew I was already pregnant, from the first
funnel.  I slept like a baby all night."

To be continued . . . 

Please!  Comments!  

E-mail: ezriter@hotmail.com