The Wild Wood
Ellie tripped on another tree root and cursed at their silly decision to walk home through the wood. It was good to have a weekend away in the countryside, the cottage they were staying in was beautiful and the local pub had been charming. She had tried a local cider called "Wild Man", that had been potent and far too drinkable. The landlord had laughingly told her to be careful, he had claimed that the cider was strong enough to give people wild hallucinations, especially those that were not country folk. She had thought that the jolly old man was teasing, but now, in the summer darkness of an ancient woodland, she began to wonder if he had been right. The trees here were all too large and too twisted to be real, surely?
"Are we still even on the path?" she asked her boyfriend, giggling at their predicament. For now it felt better to joke about it. They were not really lost. There was plenty of light from the full moon, though the silvery luminescence only added to the strangeness of the dark woods.
"Of course we are," he replied, though he sounded far from confident.
"At least I've got you to keep me safe," she said, teasingly punching his muscular bicep. He did make her feel protected, it was true. He was tall, muscular and not afraid to get rough. He was especially good at getting rough in the bedroom, as she had been finding out to her delight. This cottage weekend had given them both plenty of time and space to show their real selves. Ellie was shamelessly submissive and her boyfriend was really getting the hang of dominating her. They were both aching to get back to the cottage and enjoy another round of daring carnality. Ellie hoped that the cider would make them both even more uninhibited.
"Don't worry, baby, nothing in these woods is scarier than me," he said, pretending to growl.
"You sound like a werewolf," she joked, squeezing his arm as they walked along, doing their best not to stumble on the meandering path.
"There probably are werewolves around here," he said, grinning in the moonlight. "Remember what the landlord said? There used to be a wild man living in these woods."
"I thought he said that was the ghost of a wild man?" she asked. She could not remember all of the silly conversations they had enjoyed. The landlord had kept them amused with tall tales and ridiculous jokes.
"Did he say ghost or spirit? I don't know. He said it was big and hairy. Like the English bigfoot. Still, you like big hairy guys, right?" he said, wrapping an arm around her shoulders and kissing her neck, his beard tickling her.
"Save that for the cottage!" she giggled. "I'm not fucking out here, we'd get bitten by a fox or something."
"More likely we'd be stung by nettles. I don't fancy taking my kit off in a nettle patch. You're the masochist, not me," he joked.
Suddenly they both froze. There had been an odd noise, a loud rustling, as though something large was breaking through branches, pushing through the bracken.
"What's that?!" Ellie gasped, suddenly letting genuine fear surface through the jokes.
"Maybe a deer?" he whispered back to her, wrapping her in his arms protectively. "We should be careful, if it's spooked, it might be dangerous. Just stay still and let it go by."
Ellie peered desperately at the shadowy woods, trying to make sense of the tangled shapes of trees. There was something large, a deeper patch of shadow, that was moving out of the woods and onto the path. It was certainly tall. It was taller than Ellie and taller than her boyfriend. At first she told herself it had to be a deer, she could see its antlers rising up against the full moon. It was the wrong shape, though. No deer was so tall and so broad. No deer had massive shoulders. No deer walked on two legs. The ominous shadow stared down at them.
"What the fuck? What the fuck?!" Ellie's boyfriend said, his voice hollow.
The huge shadow stepped towards them, one massive hand outstretched, the palm facing them. It might have been a greeting, but Ellie thought it looked like a command. The creature was telling them to stop.
"It can't be... must be a dream... it can't...!" Ellie's boyfriend slurred. His voice was weak and faltering. Perhaps the fear of this ancient, otherworldly presence was too much for him. Perhaps the pub's strange cider really did have hallucinogenic properties. Whatever the truth might be, it was certain that he was losing consciousness.
"No! No, don't faint! Stay with me! Help me!" Ellie cried desperately, clinging to her boyfriend as the antlered giant stood watching them, its hand still outstretched.
It was no good. Her boyfriend had slumped to the ground, breathing heavily, collapsing into the rustling bracken.
"Oh my god no!" screamed Ellie. "Help! Someone help!" She had never felt such terror. She had experienced nightmares and she had known fear in real life, but this was something new. She was encountering something beyond her understanding, beyond her world. There was no point in denying what she saw. Some old forest god, a spirit out of folk tales, had found her. She turned and ran. She felt a stab of shame for leaving her boyfriend in the woods, but she had to escape the shaggy monster that had towered over them.
She heard its footfalls immediately. She thought that the ground might even be shaking, though that might be her pounding heart. The monster made a terrible sound, a roaring growl. It was demanding something. It sounded as though it might be hungry. It sounded as though it wanted her. Ellie screamed again, wordlessly, a shriek of true terror.
In a sudden, sickening jerk, the world spun around her. She thought that she had tripped and fallen spectacularly, but the grip on her ankles told her otherwise. The creature had grasp her and lifted her from the ground, turning her upside down with ease. The strength of it horrified her. There was nothing she could do against such power.
It was hard to make sense of the monster. Being lifted into the air had dizzied her, but she tried to see what the beast looked like. She had an impression of a huge, powerful body that was covered in shaggy hair. The head was perhaps like a man's, but the long hair and beard made it impossible to identify features other than black eyes and a wide mouth of strong white teeth. Then there were the antlers. If she had seen a picture of such a monster, she might have found it absurd. Seeing the beast face to face, she felt nothing but terror. She screamed in horror as the creature drew her easily towards it's mouth. She shut her eyes and waited for it to bite her with that huge, powerful mouth.
The monster's muzzle thrust between her legs, her legs spread wide as the thing's huge hands grips her by the ankles. A tongue, longer and thicker than any human tongue, began to lick powerfully at her thong, tasting her and soaking her with eager, hungry movements.
Ellie realized, in a moment of total clarity, that the creature was not going to eat her. It wanted something quite different. The roar had not been hunger, it had been a noise of utter lust.
This thought horrified Ellie even more and she shrieked desperately, writhing her body uselessly. She screamed out to her boyfriend, "Help me! Stop it! It's licking me! Help me!"
The creature was breathing hard and heavy, its hot breath billowing up between her thighs as she writhed helplessly, her hair and her dress swaying. The long tongue was skilled, pulling aside her thong to taste her more directly. The tongue slid up and down her lips, from clitoris to anus, lapping and probing. Then, with a forceful movement, the tongue pushed deep into her and she squirmed, groaning in disgust as the monster tasted inside her, the tongue almost as thick and stiff as a man's cock.
The worst part of the experience was that she could feel her body responding. She had always loved powerful, strong men. She had fantasized many times about a man strong enough to throw her around like a rag doll. This monster certainly had that strength. For all her fear and disgust, the creature knew how to arouse her deep, terrible instincts. Her pussy was getting wetter and she could not blame the monster's spit.
A strange, satisfied grunt came from the wild man. It lowered her to the ground, turning her in the air as though she were a doll. She found herself kneeling on a soft bed of grasses and bracken, staring up at the towering, terrifying old god of the wild wood. It was breathing heavily, the massive chest rising and falling. It looked down at her with black eyes that twinkled in the moonlight.
Ellie could not ignore the huge cock that was jutting up in a strong curve from the tangle of the creature's fur. Thankfully the shadows made it hard to see the cock properly. There was an impression of size and strangeness. It was not entirely like a man's cock: it was more strongly veined, the tip wider. It was the sexual organ of a beast or a god or something that was both.
"Oh no. No. Help me! I can't! I can't!" she protested, looking into the shadows, hoping to see her boyfriend running to rescue her.
Almost gently, the wild man reached down and grasped her arms, guiding her trembling hands up to the thick, hot cock. It slowly but firmly wrapped her hands around the shaft and then began to move its hips. It was slowly fucking her hands, its own massive palms and fingers keeping her from releasing the swelling, hot shaft.
"I can't, I can't!" she whined, feeling the cock respond to her touch. The creature kept one huge hand wrapped around hers, forcing her to work the shaft, while its other hand went to her head, guiding her towards the head of the long, black cock that glistened with pre-cum in the moonlight. "No! I won't!" she snapped.
The head of the cock pressed wetly against her cheek and the monster growled an amused chuckle. It thrust again, smearing her other cheek with hot, sticky fluid. Ellie wailed as the monster began to rub her protesting face over the cock's dripping head. "Oh god, help me, it's so big... I can't... don't... ummf!"
Her cries were muffled as the monster slowly forced the thick, heavy head of its cock between her lips and into her mouth. She looked up with pleading eyes, but the monster was smiling warmly, as though it was offering her a gift, not a punishment.
Ellie knew that she ought to bite and fight. She imagined what would happen if she did that. The old forest god would be angry and have its way far more roughly. The only choice was to submit. She could only survive this nightmare through total submission. Feeling herself give in, her body began to relax and her pussy, betraying her, grew wetter.
The wild man groaned with satisfaction as it saw her eyes grow sadly obedient. Then it began to force the long cock into her mouth. The head of the cock hit the resistance at the back of her throat, but it continued to push. The monster did not thrust hard, it just kept an insistent pressure, guiding more and more of its cock into her straining mouth and throat. Ellie whimpered softly, gagging as the cock pushed its way deeper, submitting to the intrusion of that throbbing organ. She knew she had no choice, she belonged to this beast. Her eyes, blurred with tears, looked up at the looming monster as it forced her head closer and closer to its furry body. It guided her hands into the shaggy hair and she could feel its gigantic balls, each as big as an orange, hot and heavy in her hands as the monster tamed her throat. Just as she felt desperate to breathe, the creature withdrew and she gasped in lungfuls of the fragrant summer air, smelling and tasting the forest as much as the wild man. It stared down at her imperiously, allowing her to get her breath before pushing back into her mouth, teaching her to accept the bulbous head and the slick, veiny shaft. It crammed more and more throbbing meat into her throat, holding her down again until her face was hot in the darkness.
Ellie had no idea how long the beast used her throat for its pleasure. When it finally withdrew, her head was swimming and her chin was soaked with drool and precum. She was limp and weak as the monster gently laid her down on the forest floor and began to ease off her thong with its huge, but strangely skilled hands. She still had enough presence of mind left to call out to her boyfriend, "I'm sorry, I can't fight it. It's too strong. I think... oh god... I can't stop it. It's going to fuck me!"
She lay on her back, sweating and fearful, her legs wide and her soaked pussy exposed to the night air. The great shadow was over her and she could feel its hair hanging down over her body. The mass of it and the heat of it made her tremble. She had never met a man this size, no man could be so huge and powerful. Slowly it began to rub the head of its massive cock up and down her slick lips. "You can't, you're too big!" she whimpered. The monster paid her no attention. Perhaps it had not even heard her, her face was only just at the level of its huge, shaggy chest.
The thick cock begin to press against her and she knew she could not fight. Worse than that, she could not pretend her body was not responding with excitement. Growling with satisfaction, the monster began to ease itself into her and she groaned with horrified pleasure. She had never felt a cock like it. The monster's thick, twitching cock was filling her in a way she had never known. The shape and angle were perfect and her wetness helped her to accept the size. Fortunately the cock was not as long as the monster's proportions might have led her to believe. The cock was massive but manageable. Soon, to her shame and astonishment, she was lying impaled on the vast beast's throbbing cock. Her hands clutched at the hairy body above her and, slowly, the monster began to move, withdrawing and then forcing back in.
"Oh fuck... oh fuck!" she groaned. "I'm sorry, baby. I'm sorry. I don't want to... but he's so... he's so..."
She could not find the words. All she knew was that she had been chosen by a god and she was willing to sacrifice herself to its mysterious pleasure.
The wild man's movements were increasing in speed and ferocity. The long, slow thrusts were becoming a brutal pounding. Ellie began to scream at the sheer intensity of the creature's feral fucking. The monster was thrusting with all the force and power of a human male about to climax, but the beast had only just begun to use her. She arched her back, feeling the forest under her, her hips angling to receive the old god of this place.
There was no way to fight the pleasure or pretend it was not real. The monster was using her body in a way she had dreamed about but never felt. The fast, brutal pounding was so intense that she was already just seconds from an orgasm. The creature did not slow, nor did it acknowledge her howls of anguished lust. "I'm sorry... I'm so sorry, baby... he's making me... cum!" she screamed in shameful ecstasy. She could feel her pussy contracting with pleasure and her wetness squirting out of her onto the forest floor. The monster pounded on, forcing her through the most intense orgasm of her life. She felt as though her body was trying to turn inside out, the spasms were so strong.
Yet the monster did not stop. It did not slow or withdraw, it simply continued to pound her. It roared with triumph and she felt a sudden swelling and throb of its huge cock. She sobbed with relief, believing that it would climax and then release her, giving her a moment to escape.
To Ellie's horror, the beast continued to thrust into her. It's cock was pulsing and pumping, she could feel the thick, hot cum dripping from her soaking pussy, but the beast was not stopping. It's orgasm subsided, but it's cock was still hard and it was still fucking her like a wild animal.
"You can't!" she wailed. "You can't still want more!"
This time the beast made a form of reply: it made an animal sound between a roar and a laugh. She had not realized that power of the hulking thing. She remembered the feel of those huge balls beneath the floor. The monster had not come anywhere near to exhausting it's virility.
Still laughing, the wild man slowly withdrew from her. She was sweating, panting and limp. The thing knelt between her legs and lifted her easily, turning her onto all fours. With slow, deliberate movements, it positioner her to its satisfaction and the began to ease its thick, slick cock back inside her. Ellie felt the beast's huge hands wrapped around her waist, circling her easily. Then she was slowly pulled backwards and once more impaled on the throbbing cock. The monster roar in triumph and began to fuck again, its hips thrusting wildly and its hands yanking her backwards so it could slam into her deeper and harder. Ellie clutched at the ground, her fists grabbing bracken and mud. She was soaking and filthy, but she did not care. The pleasure was returning in crashing waves that she could not resist and she gave in, drowning in lust. She howled and screamed, sounding like an animal herself as the beast rutted her. Her pussy was cumming again, wetness being forced out by her spasms. She could not think, only feel. As she came, the monster picked her up and began to force her up and down on his cock, using his terrible strength to play with her as though she were a toy for his use. Her hands held desperately to his as he jerked her up and down. He was cumming again, his cock throbbing so hard that it almost leapt out of her, but each time it throbbed, he pulled her down, pressing the pumping thing inside her.
For a second, she felt her head swimming and she did not know what was happening. She felt him withdraw and knew that she was being turned again, readied for another usage. When she fully regained her senses, the monster was lying on its back and she was astride him, riding the huge cock. His shaggy fur was thick with their combined wetness, but Ellie no longer cared. Her demon lover owned her and she rode him with whatever strength she had. His strong arms helped her to move, slamming her up and down so that within moments she was shrieking with orgasmic insanity again and he was sending more jets of his thick seed inside her.
It went on and on, a monstrous, impossible ravishing. She found herself laughing hysterically as yet another orgasm shook her and the trees whirled about her. The moon was beaming down and she imagined it as an amused goddess, watching benevolently as a god enjoyed a simple girl.
Ellie did not know if it had been minutes or hours when she finally begged him to let her rest. "I can't! I just can't cum any more!" she wailed, collapsing onto his huge, hairy body.
To her surprise, he seemed to take pity on her. He gave a chuckling growl and lifted her from his cock. Her pussy and her thighs were aching. Her abdomen felt strained, too, from the constant climaxes. She shook and shivered, kneeling in the bracken and leaf litter.
The wild man of the woods stood up and loomed over her once more. He was still hard, his black cock glistening in the moonlight.
Strangely, instinctively, Ellie knew what had to be done. There was one last part of this ritual. It would be a communion and a baptism. Kneeling in submissive supplication, she looked up at her new master.
The slick cock, coated with both of their lusts, met her lips and she kissed it reverently. Then she opened her mouth wide and let him feed it into her throat. She gagged once, twice, and then was still. She belonged to him. He clasped her head and began to fuck it.
Fortunately, it did not take long, but those seconds of brutal thrusting made tears spill down her cheeks. Nevertheless, she felt a sense of deep joy and satisfaction when he gave her his final climax. The cock erupted in her throat and he withdrew as he came, filling her mouth and then coating her face and body with his cum. She used both hands to stroke his cock eagerly, helping him to sanctify her with his lust.  
When the jets of hot seed finally subsided, she collapsed and fell into darkness for a while.
It was much later when she awoke. The moon had moved in the sky. She was wet from light rain and confused as to what had happened. She was fully dressed. Surely that could not be.
On aching legs, she stood up and tried to find the path.
She jumped a little when her boyfriend met her. "Sorry, I slipped and fell, are you ok?" he asked. He sounded confused, but not horrified or traumatised. Perhaps he had been unconscious through the whole bizarre nightmare.
"I'm fine," she said dreamily, staring into the thickest shadows of the forest. She knew her real Master was moving there, travelling through the darkness. Perhaps tomorrow she would return to him. For now she needed rest.
"It was a good night," her boyfriend said, smiling happily. His memory could not contain the power of what had happened. It was slipping from him.
"It was the best," she agreed, smiling into the darkness.