	

	




Message-ID: <59289asstr$1250140203@assm.asstr.org>
X-Original-To: story-submit@asstr.org
Delivered-To: story-submit@asstr.org
X-Original-Message-ID: <1306c15a0908121224v15bbea3cud07edc54923cd3b9@mail.gmail.com>
From: John Darts <johndarts@gmail.com>
X-ASSTR-Original-Date: Wed, 12 Aug 2009 15:24:49 -0400
Subject: {ASSM} The Shangri-La Islands Ch 2
Lines: 644
Date: Thu, 13 Aug 2009 01:10:03 -0400
Path: assm.asstr.org!not-for-mail
Approved: <assm@asstr.org>
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories.moderated,alt.sex.stories
Followup-To: alt.sex.stories.d
X-Archived-At: <URL:http://assm.asstr.org/Year2009/59289>
X-Moderator-Contact: ASSTR ASSM moderation <story-admin@asstr.org>
X-Story-Submission: <story-submit@asstr.org>
X-Moderator-ID: newsman, emigabe, dennyw


This is a work of fiction and is to be read that way. It is somewhat science
based and also religion based. So you should learn some of both areas when
reading it. Is there sex? Yes, some, but if you're looking for hard core, look
else where. This, as all novels, is meant for entertainment. There will be
just one chapter each week as much research is going into this as I write.

Chapter 2

There's always a price to pay for everything, and John just accepted that.
He was now at the hotel just off the docks waiting for the ambassadors
from Japan. He knew this would be no easy meeting, and no matter the
commitments they would try to play games. It was the nature of the beast he
was dealing with. That is, a society that feels it is better than others.

John was drinking tea and enjoying it, as this was tea from here and very
good. It was the top selling tea in Japan right now. For some reason it took
less of the leaves to make a good pot of tea. One with a flavor that danced
on the tongue.

The three men walked in, introduced them selves and bowed, as did John. He
did nothing that would tip off his knowledge and abilities. Kendra came with
him and watched the men and got ready to offer tea to them.

John walked to the round table and sat down, he wanted no positions seen as
power plays. The three men followed and sat as well. Kendra offered tea and
provided a good tea ceremony for the group. Then she left until John would page
her to come back.

Each man was given a paper in their own language showing what was being
offered to them. The terms wanted by John were spelled out as well. John
listened to the men discuss his offer and what position they would take.

The first man opened and started the game.

John stood and looked at the men. "I am truly disappointed in you and your
lack of respect. Each of you was told how this was to be handled and you
have failed the test as far as I'm concerned. So I will have to find
someone else to work as our broker and make the money you could have. It for
sure will not be Japan who benefits." This has all been said in their own
language and they were shocked.

The young man stood and bowed deeply. John returned it as he must. "I am
deeply apologetic, John. Being the youngster here I was not listened to on
this matter. But I am not without power as the head of our company is my
father." Now the two men were really worried and it showed.

"He sent me to stop this from happening, and to work out a fair deal for you,
and for us." The young man took out three envelopes and handed one to each
man the other to John.

Things were made very clear to each and John's had been done in english for
him so it was easy to read. The young man was the one to handle the complete
deal. What ever was agreed to the company would accept and live with. The
two men were to leave the meeting and their future would be handled when
they returned home.

John liked the way this had been handled and decided to stay and work with
the young man. They had a lot of ground to cover and he wanted this done and
over fast. The economy of Japan was in as bad a shape as the US was.

As the two left the room Kendra came back in. They were offered tea and
coffee. The young man took coffee. Now he read the sheet John had given out
once more. "I assume that your pretty close on what you can pump and ship
now?"

John looked at Kendra and she nodded her head and left the room. "Our
deposits are far greater than we have ever allowed anyone to know. But we don't
want money in any currency and can only use so much in traded goods. With
our excess food, fish, oil and LNG we have far more wealth than we could
possibly use. We both know if some countries knew this they would come
looking to attack us. That would be very stupid on their part, but they just
don't know it yet."

The young man looked confused at this. "How is that possible?"

John led the young man to the balcony and they were looking at a large
cruiser from the old US Navy. "Now it would take a bomb of great power to
sink that ship right?"

"Yes, that is a major ship of the line."

John picked up a microphone and simply said, "Now, David."

A bright light came down and cut the ship in half and then into quarters.
There was little left floating on the water.

"I will not ask how you did that, as I know what a laser can do. You have
made your point. I am not sure how I will prove that to my father?"

"You will have a disk of the entire event to take back with you. I want no
doubts about our ability to defend our islands in any way. We have taken
over several Russian satellites that they armed with nuclear weapons. They
cannot fire them any more, but we can if pushed to the limit."

He believed this man and was sure he had done exactly what he said. "I will
pass that on as well to my people and our government. We don't want a
demonstration of that please."

John chuckled as the young man wanted. "We offer your country protection if
another attacks you. What you just saw done to the ship out off the hotel,
could be done in Tokyo harbor or any place around your homeland. We want a
peaceful world and will do what we can to help create that. But we both know
greed and power corrupts many. If you have wealth someone always wants it
and will fight."

The young man was impressed with this man. He was honest and very direct and
he had learned in college in America about these types of people. "My father
is both a businessman and a member of government. He is worried about
protecting our country. If you have no objections I would suggest a
demonstration for the diplomats so they can see just how effective the
weapon is. Japan will claim it is ours and that way none are looking at you.
We will state we have reached an agreement to protect your islands as part
of our trade deal."

"You're sure they would want to crawl into bed with a Gaijin? You will find
many who would fight you if this was known. You and I know that Japan even
today trusts no one who is not a Japanese born there."

"That is true, and many will shudder at the idea. But it does protect our
islands and that they cannot turn their backs on. It does shift their
paradigm, as they will have to trust you to protect them. But you must also
trust us to protect your money and be honest with you. That is something we
are not known for. Both sides must grow for this to work for us both. The
money we make is nice, but our debt to our people is the most important
thing."

"I hope you will come with me to my home and have dinner with my family,
Hideki. We do have a nice home and good cooks."

They went up to the roof of the hotel, entered a helicopter and took off
to John's home. Kendra had gone long before this to get dinner ready. They
landed inside the gate area and the car was waiting. He drove them up the
mountain to the house.

"You have the most beautiful home I have ever seen, John. That you have
built back into the mountain and not ruined the beauty of the mountain is
just outstanding."

He was led into John's office and offered a drink that he turned down, but
accepted coffee. "That is another habit of my people I don't like. Business
people drink far too much and it costs our companies and the country."

They walked out on the balcony and John flipped the switch and the men sat
and looked out over the water as light left the skies. It was a peaceful
time with no talk or any communications at all.

Kendra found them sitting there looking out at the water. "Dinner is ready
and the family is waiting."

When they walked in John introduced Hideki to each family member. He was
also formal with them and English was used to make things easy here.

The meal was a very nice fish, vegetables, salad and a special desert that
Kendra had fixed and knew Hideki would love.

"That meal I could have eaten in one of our best restaurants. Of course it
would have been eaten with chopsticks, but the food would have been the
same. Now that desert was something I have never had and would love to have
once more."

"Hideki san, I will send a full size one with you when you return home. It
will need to be frozen until just before you eat it. I'll also send the
recipe with you. What you just ate was fixed for your emperors over one
thousand years ago. We used to trade with your country and often fed your
leaders special meals. So I have a book of what each of your emperors liked
to eat when here or eating with us in your land."

The young mans eyes litd up and he was just blown away. "You're the good
Gaijin that are talked about in our very early history, right?"

"We were the only people for many years allowed to visit your country. Our
ships brought you jade and gold and you sold us silk technology, looms and
hand painting of materials. So we both profited from that trade." She
slipped out a set of chopsticks and handed them to Hideki. "Those were given
to us by one of your great leaders. I suggest you take them back with you
and use them to prove your point about us. We did have a school here for
your leader's children long ago."

He looked confused now. "Why would you give these to me? I am sure they are
worth a lot of money."

"Seeing as Japan's first shogun was the one who gave them to us, I am sure
they are of great value to your people. I believe it was Sakanoue no
Tamuramaro that gave them to us."

Now the young man was just blown away. "He was not the first but for sure
was the greatest of them all. This will set my people on their ears and the
pride they will get belongs to you."

Kendra bowed to Hideki and left the room.

"Would you care to spend the night and work here in the morning, Hideki?"

"It would be so much better than that motel room. Here I feel at peace and
flowing with nature. So I believe we can complete our work tomorrow and
start helping each other."

John called Leigh Anne into his office. "Please give Hideki a bedroom for
tonight and make sure he is comfortable please, dear."

"Of course, I will be happy for the adult company. Raising two children tends
to take the wind out of the sails."

Hideki smiled at her and followed her to her apartment. They made coffee and
went out on the balcony.

"I got the feeling John had other work to do tonight?"

"Yes, he had two military commanders coming in for discussions. I think part
of it has to do with your agreement."

"He might not have wanted me to know that, Leigh Anne."

"The comment I got was be honest, and tell him any thing he asks for. Now it
sounded to me like he wanted nothing you're interested in hidden?"

"I guess not and I'm just being like most of my countrymen. America hurt me
and helped me as a man. I learned trust to a great degree and then saw it
all fall apart during the crash. I went to Japan and my father took me in
and started training me in his business. But my trust was badly damaged by
so called friends in Japan as well during the crash."

"You don't look completely like any one nationality to me."

"My mother was American and my dad Japanese. She ran his company office in
Chicago until the crash. During the riots she was killed and dad asked me to
come to Japan. So I did, and this is where I ended up. In Japan I am not
considered a real Japanese and people don't accept me as they would a
citizen. Mostly I am not trusted by my dad's people and they do everything
possible to cause me to fail."

"You will go back with a good agreement and a lot of proof of this country's
being trusted by Japan for many years. You're going to cause many who tried to
harm you a lot of pain."

"That I have no problem doing. I also will protect John from the same
dogs that bite at my heels. But he needs to know I cannot protect him
against them all as there are just too many."

They talked for a couple hours and Leigh Anne enjoyed the discussion. It was
nice to talk with an adult and a smart one at that. She showed him to a room
and left him to get some sleep.

The children were asleep and well, so she went to her room and a hot bath.
Sleep came quick for her that night.

The morning light woke her, she dressed and walked out to the balcony. Her
coffee and rolls were there as were some for Hideki. He soon showed up and
they ate and talked until she took him to John's office.

John smiled at the two when they walked in. "Good morning you two, and how
was your night, Hideki?"

"I was at complete peace here and have enjoyed the experience. Leigh Anne
was most gracious and talked with me for some time last night. It was like
my time in school back in America. I used to sit with friends and talk into
the night."

"It was good you got the chance to relax, as things for both of us are not
going to be easy. I know you face many questions that will be used to
discredit you. The position your in is one that you just can't win without a
lot of help. Your two men who were to handle the negotiations have been
calling home. They have been forming a group to fight you and support them."

The mask Hideki hid behind cracked now. "How can you know all of this?"

John handed him the transcripts of the calls and let him read them. "Leigh
Anne, I want you to work on that painting I ask you for several days ago. I
need it badly by late this afternoon, please."

"The painting is finished. I just need to place it in a frame for it to be able
to travel any distance."

"Please get that done and have it at the helicopter by three this afternoon."

She left to do as she had been asked. So John turned to see the red face of
Hideki. "I see that is hitting you as it did me."

"My father has hung me out to dry, and I see no way to win here."

"Knowledge always provides a way to win, son. I have sent transcripts of the
phone calls to be delivered to the Emperor, with a request for a meeting for
you. Yes, I know he is a figurehead now, but the people still revere him. You
will deliver several gifts, like the chopsticks Kendra gave you, to him. I
have things he needs to assume power once more in your country. With him I
am willing to change how the country is ruled, if he is willing to assume
that power. The problem was never the Emperor, it was always the people who
used his power for him."

Hideki was now lost and had no idea of where John was heading. "I can't see
anyone allowing me access to him, or how I could get there to see him. My death
was to happen on the ships return voyage and be blamed on you."

"The ship will go no place as all officers are under arrest. Your two older
men are also in cells now. At precisely noon today one large tanker will be
cut into four pieces in the harbor for all to watch. There will be a
broadcast on all radio and TV stations operating, on what is happening and
why it is happening."

"If I get a signal agreeing to your meeting you will be flown into the
airport by us and given transportation to the palace. Of course, we will have
aircraft overhead with nuclear bombs if they error badly. They will all be
B-1B aircraft and not seen on radar. With the F-22's protecting them I do
hope no attacks of my aircraft happen."

"But I could never stay there after delivering this message."

"No, but you're welcome back here to oversee our side of the contract and
deal with the new management of the company. That they will have no choice
on, and if you die so does the contract. It would cripple their country if
that happens because we would take out every power plant they have. You
know the people would have their heads for that action."

The young man sat and considered what John had said. It made a lot of sense
to him and yet he wondered if it could work? "You know they will try to get
me early and fast. It must happen before I see the Emperor and you get
agreement. I will need security from here to protect me as I am no fighter."

"My wife Dana is going with you as your body guard. Just trust her and do as
she tells you. I know you question this, but accept my decision here,
please."

He wondered how a female Gaijin was going to handle well trained fighters?
But he would have to wait and see how this worked out. "I'll do as you ask
John. But I am not sure your wife or I will survive this trip."

The two sat and Hideki signed the paperwork and read each document. They
were all very fair and would allow a good profit by the company. It would
have made the company twenty times what they made last year. "You know this
is way more profit than what I was asked to go after?"

"I'm afraid your father always expected this to fail. The low profit
numbers were to give him protection when it did. He wanted to blame us for
his company's failure as he has been stealing from it for years, now."

The brought a look of shock to Hideki's face. "How could he steal from what
he owns?"

"He does not own it, the people own it. It is a publicly traded company with
another name. He has a small holding company that you worked for, and they
hold stock in the larger company. They also own several small companies that
have not done well and needed financial support. That has almost caused him
to go broke. In Japan things are like peeling an onion. Everything is in
layers and there are many of them in one onion. The men are very much
like that as they also have many different layers."

"How did you learn so much about Japan?"

"I lived there for a year and continued my language studies once I came home
to go to college. I loved the people and learned I had many friends there
over time. It was one of my friends that delivered the request to the
palace. I have one that is a news director at the largest station and
another who works for your version of the CIA. I trust them and they trust
me."

Hideki hoped John was right. But right now he didn't know who to trust at
all. His whole life had fallen apart, and he just didn't know how to
reassemble it. This was his worst nightmare and he just didn't know where
to turn.

"Now that we are done here I would suggest you take a short nap and be well
rested before starting this journey. I assure you a B-1B is not a good place
to rest or try to sleep."

Leigh Anne met him and took him back to her apartment. "I'm sure you're
mentally drained now. You have 4 hours before you leave for the
airport. So if you'll get a nap I'll make sure you're well fed before you
leave."

"You're most kind, and I am totally lost right now. I just don't know who I can
trust and where it is dangerous. My whole world turned upside down today."

"Get your nap and while you eat we'll talk."

He headed to the room he had slept in last night and was soon fast asleep. Much
he knew ran through his head, but nothing could be remembered when he awoke.
He did feel better for some reason, it was just a feeling he had, and a very 
strong one.

Leigh Anne heard him moving around, so ordered food for him and tea for drinks.
She had learned to love the tea grown here and drank a lot of it. He walked into the room and she was pleased at how he appeared. 

"I am glad to see your feeling better now. Your food will be here shortly and I did order tea, so please feel free to drink some."

"I learned to enjoy your tea once I got to my fathers land. Of course it
never made it to the USA. But it has a better taste than most teas and it is
never bitter."

As they sat there drinking tea the food was brought in and served. 
It for sure was not that different for Hideki than when he
lived in America.

"I do like the ability to eat where I am comfortable. Japan is so formal
with meals doing something like this would never be allowed. The people are
so structured because it allows them to live closely packed together."

"That is not the real truth Hideki. People in Chicago, New York and other
cities live close together and don't have any of the same patterns Japan
does. That was created by the feudal structure of your social order over
thousands of years. Today the big problem is many see themselves as being at
the top of that order. Most of them would have been servants, and not
leaders."

"I'm afraid I don't understand what your saying?"

"There are just a very few ruling families from way back in time. If you
look hard today Japan has just the Emperor and six of those families left.
None are in the powerful position they should be. It may surprise you but
your mother's family was one of those powerful families of old Japan. Your
father's were a working class family and did nothing to earn their power.
Everything came to him by marriage and murder."

"How do you know all of this?"

"John has had our people doing a lot of research and I've been reading it
and passing on to him what he wanted. We have the full history of the six
ruling families remaining, and the Emperor's history as well.  That is one book you
will give him. Of course you're the only one left of your family, so he will
need to work with just five."

This Hideki had to consider and thought he saw where John was headed. "He is
going to reinstall the Emperor back to power. But without the restrictions
placed on them before. No longer will anyone but the Emperor make a decision
for the state."

"That is true, Hideki, and his children and the children of the five families
will get educated here. That's not new in any way as it happened for many
thousands of years in Japan's early history. Matter of fact, John has the old
palace that was used for that being cleaned and refurnished once more. The
old teaching scrolls that existed are still there to be read. It will be
your job to run the school and oversee that education."

That he knew he would enjoy, but the odds of it happening worried him
greatly at the moment. There were many bridges to cross and many who would
try their best to stop them. But his only chance to survive was to follow
John's plan and do his part.

"Well, for now I am just a passenger and must wait for my turn to do
anything. It will be hard not having any control, but I'll abide by John's
decisions."

"Funny, he said that would be your stand, in almost those exact words. It's
almost like he told you what to say."

"I'm sorry, but he had me in a complete state of shock all morning."

"Leigh Anne, John is your father, so why do you call him John?"

"No he is my stepfather, and he allowed me the choice of what to call him
when I was 11 and he moved in with me and mom. So I've always called him
John, and he has always been OK with it."

"It seems you get the most respect from that deal. As he calls you a
daughter and treats you like one. It is like you are personally rejecting
being part of the family, at least to me." Hideki's observation hit home with
her.

"I guess that started very early in the relationship as I did not want mom
having any man in her life. My adopted father used me for his pleasure and I
did not like men much when John came into our lives. Them my ex-husband
drove a wedge between John and I and it is just now coming back together
some."

"I don't see on his part it ever changed at all? You may have changed, but I
don't believe he did. John seems to be a very steady man. He is one who
gives and never takes it back."

"How in the world do you know him that well?"

"I'd better know him, my life is in his hands. But to be honest I've
found much of that just while sleeping and turning facts over in my head.
With events I needed to see deeper into John and his relationships with
those around him. Your kind of the odd man out here as all the others would
die for him. The thing that really surprised me was Kendra is part of that
group."

This caused Leigh Anne to look a lot deeper inside than she ever had before. 
John not using her as her adopted father had seemed to anger her. Why and 
could she figure it out? "That's something I'll need to look
at, Hideki. There are many issues at play here, and they must be sorted out to
find an answer."

"I would suggest you find a temple here, take time and meditate about it.
I've found the peace in doing that brings many answers. Now I must get
ready to go."

He showered and dressed in casual clothing. But he had his grooming kit and
a change of clothing to a more formal dress. Once in John's office he was
stopped dead as he saw a beautiful mans gown of silk painted in a way he had
never seen before. There was a head cover as well and sandals in the old
style.

"That's what you will change into on the plane before landing, Hideki. It is
critical that you follow those instructions. Be very careful and make sure
it is correctly worn and looks as it should. Also put the swords on and wear
them proudly, as they once belonged to one of your ancestors."

At that point Dana came into the room dressed in black and wearing a mask
that hid her hair and all you could see were steel blue eyes.

"My dear, you look like the guard you will be. It is fitting we make Japan
aware of its past once more. They once wished to rule their islands and have
the world leave them alone. Now they can offer oil, food and a few other
trade items in chosen trade ports. People will once more be limited in where they can
go if not born there."

He saw a hole in this he was sure. "But they need more land and minerals as
they really don't have much at all."

"They can trade for minerals and I have provided for additional land for
food and people growth. Now in the crash they lost one third of the
population and most don't know that. Government covered it up and it's now
being broadcast that it happened. So now is a good time to really get the
peoples attention."

The two headed for the helicopter and its many packages. When they
landed on the runway that had been below water a few minutes before, Hideki
could not believe the technology. Then they were towed into the hangar and
he was really surprised at the aircraft and people working on them.

One big lumbering C-130H3 Super Hercules had a 6,060 miles range and a 20
ton capacity. It was to be their transport to the Japanese airport. Two KC-135E
aircraft fully loaded with fuel were ready to move out, as were eight
F-22's, six F-117's. All were fully loaded as were the four B-1B's. Slowly
each group took off and was gone out of sight when the transport left the
hangar.

"I have never seen that much fire power before, Dana."

"This hangar is one of just three places our aircraft are located. We have far more
aircraft than Japan does now. Our Navy is a little larger than Japan's, but
the subs we have far out weighs them. We just got four nuclear aircraft
carriers in and they are being unloaded. Then they will be scrapped."

"Why scrap the largest ships ever built?"

"We are never going to fight a war with any country. They are just very
large targets for anyone wanting to attack them. It takes a lot of ships to
protect them and we don't have that many people to handle those covering ships. 
What could they do that a sub couldn't do using normal missiles or cruise missiles?"

"I guess not much, from what I have seen in the media."

"Never believe the media in anything they say, Hideki. Much of America was
mislead by them, and they supported many who caused the crash of the
economies world wide."

"That I can buy and see that you're right. It is not what I meant to say. I did a
lot of research for mother on military aircraft, as dad's company built them
for Japan's use. I know they were most likely illegal, but I did as mom asked. 
To be honest, there was nothing I would not have done for her."

"John and I had pretty much gotten that idea. Your grades in school were a
telling thing as they were all A's. That was even true in subjects you didn't like."

"How do you know so much about me?"

"Do you think John is a fool? He checked you out completely before allowing you
to come to the islands. The CIA declined your application due to your
father's position in Japan. That you most likely thought was true, but I'm
telling you I saw the note attached to the file."

He knew John had been thorough and complete in what he did. So he most likely
knew more of where this was going? 

"Why are you in black?"

"John challenged the best fighter Japan has to meet the transport and take
on his champion of hand to hand. That was accepted, and quickly, to show us
just how little we know of that area. For them that was a bad move as I can
beat any man, woman or child they could put out there. This is going to be
shown on national TV, as the military wanted that. I can't let them know I
am a woman until it's over. I first must destroy the thought that they are so
good, and then the male ego."

"You know if you embarrass them like that they will attack us."

"That also would be a mistake and shown on TV. Did you see the fifteen
troops I have in the back?"

"Yes, I figured they were crew for the return flight."

"No, they are fifteen of the girls I have trained, who are all close to as
good as I am. If they get aggressive then the F-22's and the F-117's will be
low over the field and will run firing runs to get them to back off."

"What do I do during this exhibition?"

She smiled now at him. "You stand and watch and say nothing at all. They
will be unloading a car out of the back for us to go to the palace. It's an
armored vehicle and very safe. Matter of fact if they damage it John will be
pissed off and take some revenge. He does love that car and it cost him a
lot of money new."

"I sure don't want to be the reason it got damaged. So may be we should use
one of their cars?"

"Not allowed by John and his plan. This is very much orchestrated to the
mind of most in your old country. It is almost a Kabuki theater
presentation. People will learn that you are meant to be there."

This idea was amazing to him. He had never even considered this way of
teaching people on national TV. But the older people would push the young
ones to see the story being told. It would, he was sure, be seen and
understood. The media would jump on the explanations they would need to
provide.

Each dressed for the show, and that was just how Hideki saw it. He was
playing a part and he would do that well. He took extreme care to assure his
clothing was exactly right and his face was as it should be. His look of
disdain for those below him showed well.

He saw Dana with her troops and all wore the black suits and masks. Some had
weapons and others did not. The car would be unlatched and driven out the
back ramp as soon as the fighting show was over. The crew was to stay
aboard the aircraft.

Everythingwas done that could be done. The aircraft had permission to land
and was on the approach. John had decided to show the F-117's and they
covered the plane on its landing. The plane once called The Hopeless Diamond
always got people's attention. They did that now and it shocked the military,
as they did not have US markings but those of the Shangri-La Islands.




-- 
John
Old age is the most unexpected of things that can happen to a man.
 - Leon Trotsky
<1st attachment begin>

<HTML removed pursuant to http://assm.asstr.org/erotica/assm/faq.html#policy>
<1st attachment end>

----- ASSM Moderation System Notice------
Notice: This post has been modified from its original
format.  The post was sent as an email attachment and
has been converted by ASSTR ASSM moderation software.
----- ASSM Moderation System Notice------

-- 
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is copyright with all rights
reserved by its author unless explicitly indicated.
+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| alt.sex.stories.moderated ------ send stories to: <story-submit@asstr.org>|
| FAQ: <http://assm.asstr.org/faq.html> Moderators: <story-admin@asstr.org> |
+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|ASSM Archive at <http://assm.asstr.org>   Hosted by <http://www.asstr.org> |
|Discuss this story and others in alt.sex.stories.d; look for subject {ASSD}|
+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+
