Coerced
by Kathy B.
kathybxx@hotmail.com


Part 1

It was a Friday night and I had agreed to watch the teenage daughters 
of a friend of mine. Sheila and her husband were going away and she 
wanted me to stay with Tracy and Lisa. They were both home from 
college, way too old for a sitter, but Sheila was worried about 
leaving them for very long. Like a good friend, I agreed to leave my 
family and spend the weekend with them. I fully expected to spend the 
weekend watching television and reading, bored out of my mind.

We had just finished cleaning up after a nice supper and were 
watching television when, out of the blue, Tracy asked if I wanted a 
cup of tea. I said sure and offered to fix some for all three of us. 
Both of them quickly stood up and shouted that I should stay put and 
they would be happy to make it. I thought they were acting funny but 
soon became engrossed in the movie and forgot the whole thing.

When the tea came, I tasted it. "Mmm... ! This tastes great! What 
kind is it?" I asked, as I took a bigger sip.

The girls giggled. "Oh, some eastern blend Mom had," replied Tracy.

Within five minutes I had that cup gone and asked for another. The 
girls quickly made it and I drank it too. I was starting to feel 
strange, like time was slowing down, but just assumed I was tired.

The next hour or so was somewhat hazy. I noticed both girls on the 
phone a lot, but really did not think it was a problem. Then they 
both came in and sat down beside me.

"Ok, Mrs. Hopkins. It's time to get ready for the party," said Lisa.

"What party?"

"You remember. The party we are throwing tonight. Mom hired you to 
help," said Tracy.

"She did? I thought I was baby-sitting."

Lisa giggled. "Do we look like babies? She hired you to work for us."

"I guess I must have gotten the wrong idea, but it's probably my 
fault," I said. "What do I need to do?"

"Well, first you need to get into your clothes," said Tracy.

"What's wrong with what I have on?" I asked dully.

"If you are going to work for us, you have to wear the uniform Mom 
got you. She insisted and you agreed when she told you about it. You 
know how she likes people to think we're rich."

"All right," I said. "If I said I will, then I will." I did not 
remember promising Sheila, but I must have. Knowing Sheila, it was 
very possible she wanted me to wear a uniform.

Tracy led me into Sheila's bedroom. Laid out on the bed was a very 
skimpy maid's uniform. It was low-cut and had a short skirt. Next to 
it were black stockings, a red garter belt and high heels. It did not 
look like anything Sheila would make me wear. It looked more like 
something she had bought for the bedroom.

I said exactly that to Tracy, but she insisted I had seen the outfit 
and agreed to take the job, so I got undressed. Lisa brought me more 
tea that I drank down. By now I was so out of it I did not even 
notice they had me get dressed without my bra and panties.

When I finished dressing, I looked myself over in Sheila's full 
length mirror. The high heels added several inches to my 5'4" frame 
and also tightened my calves and accentuated my full bottom. The 
dress, a very sexy red and black mini with a plunging neckline, 
pushed my ample breasts up and out. Although I have always tried to 
watch my weight, I had put on some extra pounds in the last few years 
and I was really too plump for this sort of outfit. There certainly 
was a lot of skin showing, both at the top and at the bottom.

Tracy brushed out my shoulder length brown hair. She insisted I 
needed to redo my makeup, including ruby red lip gloss. I asked why I 
needed to get so dolled up but the girls just said they wanted me to 
look nice. every time I asked a question they gave me more tea.

I was just finishing up when the doorbell rang. "Can you get that, 
please?" asked Lisa. As I walked down the hall my boobs jiggled from 
the effects of my high heels. The dress was so low cut I had a mile 
of cleavage showing and as I looked down I could see part of a nipple 
peeking out. I tucked it back in but it was so close to the edge of 
my bodice I knew it would not take much for it to pop out again.

As I opened the door three teenage couples poured in. The guys all 
hooted at my outfit as they went past. I blushed and hurried into the 
kitchen where Tracy explained that I was to answer the door and keep 
the beer glasses and snack tray full. For the next hour I was kept 
hopping as everyone arrived. There were lots of couples, but also 
several unattached guys and girls. By the time everyone was there the 
house was packed. The party was wild and everyone was soon half-
drunk.

As I worked my way back and forth through the crowd the boys would 
comment on my outfit and rub up against me. They would ogle my 
exposed cleavage and several times they could see the edges of my 
nipples before I noticed and tucked them back in. Their remarks were 
usually pretty graphic, describing my body and how much of it was 
exposed. I was still so befuddled it did not occur to me to protest 
their crude suggestions.

Somebody spilled some beer on the carpet and Tracy called to me to 
come clean it up. Without thinking, I got down on my hands and knees 
and started to scrub the stain. I heard two girls behind me gasp, 
then start to giggle, and I realized my dress had ridden up so high 
they could see my pussy. I started to get up but Tracy said to keep 
scrubbing before the carpet got stained, so I did.

The girls called some boys over to see and they started laughing as 
they stared at my exposed ass and pussy. I turned scarlet but 
pretended I didn't know what was going on; I hurriedly cleaned the 
spill and retreated to the kitchen. As I was leaving I heard one of 
the boys tell the other two he would like to make me suck his cock 
until it was rock hard, then fuck my 'big hairy pussy' until I 
couldn't walk. He told them they could have 'sloppy seconds' after he 
was finished fucking me silly.

When I got into the kitchen I sat down. I looked down at my hands and 
realized I was shaking. Something seemed very wrong; I was sure I 
should not be here, dressed like this, letting young men I didn't 
even know make crude sexual remarks to me. Unfortunately my mind was 
so fogged up I was unsure of exactly why it was wrong, so I just sat 
there trying to figure it out.

Lisa came in and saw me sitting there. "What's the matter? Why do you 
look so upset?" I told her what had happened and what I had heard. 
"Oh, Mrs. Hopkins, I'm sure he thought he was paying you a 
compliment! You know how guys are; that's just how they talk to each 
other. You should be flattered. Lots of women would love to have 
someone flirt with them like that."

It had not sounded much like flirting, but I knew Lisa was a nice 
girl so I believed her. If she said it, I was sure it was true. I was 
in no condition to argue.

Lisa fixed a new pot of that delicious tea and put it on the table 
beside me.

"Listen, Mrs. Hopkins. I need to go back in to the party, but we're 
all set for food and punch for right now. We don't really need any 
more help from you until later. Why don't you take a break and stay 
out here for a bit? No one will bother you and I'll call you if we 
need anything. You just relax, ok?"

I nodded, so she left me to my thoughts and my tea.

I must have dozed off because the next thing I knew I had my head 
resting on my arms and Tracy was gently shaking me awake. I groggily 
looked around and tried to focus on what she was saying to me.

"Mrs. Hopkins, we have a problem," said Tracy. "We ran out of beer 
and no one has enough money for more. Is there any way you could 
charge it on your credit card and we'll pay you back next week?"

I nodded. "Sure, Tracy. I know you'll pay me. It must be in my 
purse." I laid my head back down.

She shook me again. "Come on, Mrs. Hopkins. You need to wake up. You 
know we can't use your cards. You have to go with the guys to buy the 
beer."

I still did not move so Tracy and another girl stood me up and gently 
led me out to a waiting car. There were two guys in the front seat 
and one in the back. "These guys will pick it out and carry it for 
you," Tracy said. "All you have to do is pay for it. Thanks!"

Just before the door of the car closed another guy slid in beside me, 
pushing me into the middle. I looked over at him and realized it was 
the boy who had been so graphic when I was cleaning up the spill. He 
smiled at me and said hello, so I decided maybe Lisa had been right 
all along about him being nice and I smiled back at him. The other 
three boys also greeted me and we pulled out.

As soon as we got going one of the boys produced a small flask of 
liquor and passed it around. When it came to me I said no thanks. The 
driver looked in the rear-view mirror and asked me if I was a prude.

"No, I'm not a prude. I just don't want a drink right now. Thanks 
anyway."

"I don't know, Mrs. Hopkins. I always heard you were pretty straight. 
I just never realized how straight you really are. You don't even 
drink?"

"Of course I drink, when I want to. I'm not a prude."

The boy beside me handed me the flask. "Prove it."

Fine, I'd show them I was not a prude. I took a small swig and gasped 
as the liquor burned its way down my throat. They said it was just a 
sip so I took a bigger drink. The boys chuckled then and started 
passing the flask around again. It seemed to constantly be in my 
hand, with someone urging me to take a drink. I wanted them to like 
me and not think I was a prude, so I drank when they urged me to. 
Combined with my already dazed state, my head was soon spinning.

Dave, one of the boys beside me, started asking me questions about my 
early years. "So, Mrs. Hopkins, have you always been pretty 
conservative, or were you a little wilder when you were younger?"

"I'm not conservative. I'm the same now as I have always been. I like 
having fun as much as the next person."

"Did you date much when you were a teenager?" asked Brian, the 
driver. "Were you pretty popular?"

"I guess I was popular, but I didn't go on very many dates. My 
parents didn't let me. They didn't want me to get a 'reputation'."

"Were you attractive? Maybe you just didn't get asked much," said 
Jack, from my other side.

"When you did go out, did you enjoy the sex? Did you look forward to 
it?" asked Dave.

"I never had sex on a date," I answered proudly. The boys looked 
horrified.

"Never?" gasped Bob. "Didn't anyone even try to feel you up or 
anything?"

"No. They were always perfect gentleman." I thought they would be 
impressed with my chastity. Instead, they saw it as a drawback.

"Maybe they weren't being gentlemen," said Dave. "Maybe they thought 
you were too ugly to fuck."

The shock of having Dave suggest I was ugly kept me from protesting 
his vulgar language. "I looked just like I do now, only younger. Am I 
ugly now?" I replied.

"You don't look too bad, just a little plump. It's hard to tell in 
the car, though. Let's get a good look at you, and we'll all decide 
if we would have asked you out," said Dave. "How does that sound?"

I smiled nervously. "OK. That sounds like a good idea." I wanted them 
to like me. I hoped I looked attractive to them.

Brian twisted his mirror and the three boys riding turned toward me. 
I looked down at myself. My dress had ridden above my stocking tops, 
displaying my pale thighs in the dim illumination from passing street 
lights. My breasts were pushing out of my top and a long line of 
cleavage was showing. I blushed as I realized that the edge of one 
nipple was peeking out of my top, but I didn't want to push it back 
while they were looking at me. They would have been sure I was a 
prude then.

They looked me up and down for a very long moment. Bob was the first 
to speak. "I think you look pretty good," he said. "I think I might 
have asked you out if you were my age. I just can't figure out why 
nobody ever got friendly with you on a date. Is there something wrong 
with your body or something?"

I shook my head. I was beginning to feel like maybe there was 
something about me that wasn't sexy. I took another gulp from the 
flask.

Jack spoke up. "Has anyone ever seen your boobs? Did you ever show 
them to a guy on a date? Maybe they are ugly and word got around."

"Just my doctor and my husband, after we were married." Maybe I was 
undesirable, after all. I felt like I was going to cry.

"I got an idea," said Dave. "Why don't you show them to us and we'll 
let you know what we think."

"I don't know... I d-don't think I should do that," I stammered. I 
wanted them to like me, but showing my breasts to them seemed wrong.

"Hey, no problem," said Jack. "We were just trying to help you out. 
It's your call. Say, did you guys see Katie tonight? That girl looked 
hot!"

The boys immediately started discussing Katie and several other girls 
from the party. I felt lonely and ignored. After another drink I took 
a deep breath and turned to Jack.

"I guess I've changed my mind. I would like to show you my boobs. If 
I let you guys see them, do you promise not to tell anyone?" They 
looked at each other, then nodded their assent.

My hands shook as I reached up and took hold of the bodice of my 
dress. I hesitated for a few seconds, settling my nerves, then pulled 
it down and tucked it under my breasts. My nipples immediately 
stiffened in the cool night air. I waited with bated breath, hoping 
the guys liked what they saw. My face grew warm and I felt like I was 
in another world. No one spoke for what seemed like an eternity.

Finally, Bob smiled at me. "I think you have very nice tits, Mrs. 
Hopkins. They sure are big enough. You have every right to be proud 
of them. You are a very sexy lady."

I smiled and relaxed. I knew I was plump, but I had always thought my 
boobs were too big and fleshy. They thought I was sexy!

I was so happy they liked my breasts, I barely heard Bob ask Jack if 
they were firm. Before I could react he reached out and cupped one of 
them. I gasped as I felt his warm hand squeeze my cool flesh but said 
nothing. His fingers found my nipple and it jumped under his caress. 
As I tried to decide whether or not I should protest, Dave did the 
same thing with my other boob. I wasn't sure if I should let them 
touch me, but it certainly felt nice, so what harm could there be in 
it? I looked down. I could see my dark nipples being squeezed by 
their strong fingers and I felt myself getting wet.

"For being such big tits, they're nice and firm," Jack told Bob. "Her 
nipples are very sensitive, too. They're rock hard. I think she likes 
it. Let's take a look at that pussy you were telling us about, Dave!"

Jack and Dave each grasped one of my legs and pulled it over onto 
their laps. My dress pushed up almost to my waist and I was spread 
wide open, without any panties on! I tried to pull my legs closed but 
I was no match for them, so I gave up struggling.

"It's ok, Mrs. Hopkins. We just wanted to see what you look like. We 
think you're very pretty and sexy, don't we guys?" Bob said. They all 
murmured their assent. "You have a very beautiful pussy."

Bob reached back from the front seat and softly rubbed my knee. Jack 
and Dave kept kneading my breasts as they stared at my pussy. Their 
other hands were holding my legs apart, and they began stroking up 
and down along my stockings. Each pass their hands traveled a little 
higher and they were soon caressing my naked thighs. Bob kept telling 
me how pretty and sexy I looked. I laid my head on the back of the 
seat and closed my eyes, trying to calm my thudding heart.
