The attached work of erotic fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in which it is legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder, excerpts may be posted as part of a review or posted to free-access, non-commercial archive sights.


   Copyright 2007, 2008, 2009 by J.  Saunders.

   If you are an editor and wish to publish this story
   contact me at: jillsconvictions@yahoo.co.uk

   This and other works may be found here:
   http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/Jill/


Encouragement in the form of pictures of your girlfriend / wife / mistress are also welcome, send to jillsconvictions@yahoo.co.uk  If its not yours then don't send it (no spam).


Introduction:  This is a part of a completed story.  It may not be to everyones tastes.



Jills story - Part 11


I get up around 8, anxious to get into the office.  But there is a message on my phone, its from Steve, it says I am having a get together, you are invited, be at the following address at 10am, bring a bikini and dont be late.  
Fuck, I think.  I text him back saying I cant make it until 12 noon.  
Immediately I get a response Be there at 10am.  
Ok, ok, I dont want to have him do anything rash, not at this stage, not before I have the evidence against him.  I have to sort out my bikini line if I am to appear in a bikini.  I normally get a full bikini wax in the salon but I wont get an appointment in time today.  I havent got too much hair anyway as I have been getting full bikini waxes for years.  I decide to wax my pussy at home.  It takes me forever, when I finish I rub in some oil to sooth the skin, grab a bikini and put on a light white summer dress over it and then head to the address.  I arrive at 10am and ring the bell, Steve answers in shorts and a Hawaiian shirt.  
He says Great to see you with a big grin on his face as if I am a long lost friend.  
I scowl at him.  
He grins even more broadly, really enjoying himself it seems, he says could I help him with the salads, he has a few friends coming over for a barbeque around 11.  
I dont bother responding, he leads me to the kitchen and I see he has prepared a fair bit of food, looks like he is expecting quite a few people.  Having nothing else to do I help him with the salads.  
The house is a nice size in a good neighbourhood with a large pool and Jacuzzi at the back.  Around 11:30 his friends start arriving, there are couples and not only guys I am relieved to see, they all seem nice enough.  Steve introduces me as a friend from work.  While the men get going on burning the meat the girls decide to go for a swim and I join them, anything to get away from Steve.  

Once we are away from the men the girls start asking me questions.  How long have I known Steve, do I know his previous girlfriends (who were all attractive like me).  I make small talk avoiding implying that there is anything going on with Steve and I or otherwise.  Im not sure what Steve has let on about a supposed relationship between us and dont want to cause any problems.  It isnt long before a couple of the guys decide to spoil our tranquil swim and come jumping into the pool.  The four other girls, who all appear to know one another, get out and go and sit on loungers next to the pool.  I do a few slow breaststroke laps and am about to head to the shallow end to get out when one of the two guys swims up behind me.  I feel his hand slide along my inner thigh, before I can spin around it slides up under my costume and between my legs.  I thrash around getting out of his way and look at him scornfully.  He leers at me but doesnt say anything and swims away.  No one else seems to have noticed.  I get out quickly and join the girls.
Later around 2pm we eat lunch, everyone is a little tipsy including me, having been drinking since 11am.  I keep away from the groper, he leers at me from time to time whenever his girlfriend isnt watching.  After we have had lunch Steve says the guys are going to play a game or two of poker, the girls tease them about being boring old men.  But Im glad to see the back of them.  I relax a little and lie down in the sun.  I have found the girls to be very pleasant.  It surprises me that Steve has friends at all, never mind nice ones.  Although maybe it is only the girls that are nice.

Around 4pm after the guys have been away playing poker for about an hour Steve comes back outside and shouts for me to come help him with some drinks for the guys.  Reluctantly I wrap a towel around my waist and head for the kitchen.  On the way he gives me the order, 4 beers, it seems he could have managed.  I go and get them anyway and take them through to the poker table.  As I am about to leave Steve takes my hand firmly holding me there and says Jills had a fantasy about poker for ages, havent you? and he smiles up at me from his chair.  I must look a bit too uncooperative for him, he squeezes my hand painfully hard, I quickly decide to act shy and try get away from him. 
I smile a fake, hopefully shy, smile at Steve and say Not in front of your friends that I have just met Steve! and try to pull away. 
Unfortunately this plays into his hands, he pulls me towards him then grabs me around the waist as if he is being playful and says These guys are my closest friends in the world!  Not many people get to experience their fantasys. then he says to the table, Jills fantasy is to be the currency in a poker game!  
Oh god I think, Steve pinches me hard on the bum, I smile and try to look sheepish instead of angry.  
He is still holding onto me when he says I am out of cash anyway, do you guys agree to let me bet Jill on the next hand?  
They all say in chorus Yes!
You had better win Steve I say a little sternly for the supposed fun mood, but everyone seems to think it very funny anyway and they all laugh.  The hand is quickly dealt and I can see Steve has a good hand but throws it away on purpose.  He has lost and the hand is over within a minute.  
All the guys shout in joy at Steve You lost!, and I think no I lost. Thank goodness that the groper guy did not win, another guy called Gary won.  He doesnt seem very comfortable with having won me but I can see he has to live up to his peer groups expectations. 
Gary says I won!  
Steve quickly says And you can have Jill do whatever you want her to for your winnings!  
Gary looks at Steve and me and says, Sure?  
Steve nods and looks at me smiling, he pinches my ass and I nod too.  
Gary says Well I am a tit man, and man those tits look lovely!  Can I see them in the flesh?  
Steve pushes me towards Gary still smiling from ear to ear.  I reach for Garys beer on the table and take a big long swig, getting some Dutch courage, then I put my hands up to my bikini top and pull the triangles covering my ample tits aside.  The guys all cheer and when my nipples pop into view erect with their piercings they cheer even louder.  I am relaxed somewhat by the alcohol and the positive feedback sparks a little arousal.  A girl does like to be admired even if not generally with her tits out in front of a bunch of strange men.  
Gary is only about a foot away from my pointy nipples, the groper guy edges him on, Give those nipples a squeeze Gary!  
Gary checks my face to see if I am ok with all this, he seems like a nice guy I dont want him to be put down in front of what seems like a bunch of assholes.  
I roll my eyes as if I am tolerating Steve and move a little closer to Gary to indicate that its ok.  
He reaches up and cups my left tit, then takes the large nipple between his fingers and gently rolls it a little. mmm lovely he says and lets go.
 I pull my bikini top back into place and say Thanks Gary.  I can see that Gary has been doing well in the game and has most of the chips, so I hope that this is over I say to them all Well you guys I am now in Garys chips and youre all loosing badly to him I can see!  So I wont be seeing any of you later! and quickly walk away and back outside before Steve says anything more.

A while later Steve calls me again to get drinks, I am confident that Gary is still winning and owns me so I will be ok.  I go and get them their drinks from the kitchen, when I come back into the poker room I see Gary isnt there anymore.  
We dont need four beers babe Steve says, Gary had to go.  
Oh no I think.  
Steve says So you are mine once more! Good timing too because I am out of cash again.  Adam has been pushing me on this hand and I have bet you big time against him!  They finish the hand and although Adam only has a pair, Steve has nothing and has been bluffing.  
Sorry he says looking at me with a smile, he pushes me towards Adam.  Adam is a medium size guy, he looks like a lawyer or something shrewd. 
Steve says Shes yours Adam, better make use of her cos thats all you are getting from me for loosing!  
Adam sits back in his chair and takes his time looking me over.  He says Those are great looking tits you have, but I like my beaver, lets see it.  
I am reluctant but dont even bother looking at Steve.  Scared of what would happen if I dont comply, I think it is better to have a few guys see my pussy now and screw Steve to the wall when I get my hands on the evidence then to risk him being alerted. 
I have the towel around me, so I pull it aside then I quickly take hold of my bikini bottoms low in the crotch while I still feel brave enough and pull them aside too exposing my lips and slit to Adam.  
The other guys lean over to get a better view.  
Adam crocks his finger at me beckoning me closer.  Steve shoves me from behind and I step closer to Adam unwillingly.  
Adam traces his finger down over my tits, pulling my bikini top aside, he flicks my nipple, then carries on down around the curve of my breast to my stomach and on down to the top of my pussy.  
Nice and smooth he comments, as he pushes his finger in between the folds at the top of my slit.  I close my eyes and try to pretend this isnt happening.  I feel him slide his finger down over my clit and to the opening of my pussy.  He pushes his finger into my hole and pumps it slowly.  Then he pulls it out and I dont feel his hands on me, I open my eyes.  
Adams finger is in my face, Suck he says.  
Fighting back my humiliation and anger I open my mouth and take his finger into it and suck.  
He pulls his finger out of my mouth and goes back to my pussy, pushing in through the folders he pumps it a few times more.  
When he takes it out again to give me another taste I step back and cover my pussy again with the bikini and say in as best a pretend playful voice so as not to arouse Steves anger Youve had your full payment I believe.  
The guys all laugh.  
Adam smiles in good humour at the guys and licks his own finger, the guys bust out in laughter again at that.  Then he reaches out and grabs me and pulls me down by the waist until I am sitting on his lap.  
He says Stay here and be my good luck charm and holds me in place.

To be continued.