Master Rod

Chapter One 

For Rodney Withers it hadn't been an altogether bad life so far. Rod's mother had died when he was a little tyke of three and while his father hadn't been the type to show his child excessive anger, he also didn't display much in the way of praise or affection. It wasn't until Rod had reached the age of thirteen that his father seemed able to relate at all; but Rod didn't think he had it so bad. His dad was very wealthy and wasn't stingy about spending money on Rod. Living in the lap of luxury with a household staff primarily composed of attractive women wasn't exactly torture for a teenage male. 

When Rod entered puberty and his hormones filled his young body with sensations both new and pleasurable, he was quick to notice the eye candy placed all around him. And so being quite aware of his fathers tendancy to surround himself with young and beautiful women, Rod was not surprised that his father invited one such lovely to dinner on an evening in late May. What was surprising to Rod was that this was the one day his dad had normally spent with him. It was Rod's fifteenth birthday and instead of spending the evening together doing something that Rod wanted to do, his dad had invited someone else to spend it with him. 

Some teenagers in Rod's position might be tempted to whine or complain; however, Rod had come across plenty of people like that in the private school his father paid for him to attend and didn't care for them at all. He had grown into an intelligent and thoughtful young man more prone to pondering an issue than blowing up about it. So this, the evening of his fifteenth birthday, he decided to 'go with the flow' and see what his father was up to. 

"Rod, I would like you to meet Pamela Reese. She and I have been seeing quite a bit of each other and I wanted you to get a chance to know her yourself" Mr. Withers said. 

"How do you do Ms. Reese? It is a pleasure to meet you!" Rod said extending his hand and offering her a cautious smile. 

The model perfect Pamela shook Rod's hand and returned his smile saying "I'm fine Rod. And I must say it is a pleasure to meet you as well. Your father speaks highly of you and I can see why! I know it's your birthday - and your dad tell's me you two normally spend the evening together to celibrate - so I hope you'll forgive the impromptu change in plans. But I really did want to meet you and wish you a happy birthday." 

"Well I do like to get a little of Dad's time now and then; but you are more than welcome to join us this evening!" Rod answered politely. "Where are we going tonight Dad?" 

"That is still completely up to you Rod" Mr. Withers replied. 

"In that case, Pamela, do you prefer French or Italian?" Ron asked the beautiful blonde on his father's arm. 

"It's your birthday - so you should decide; but since you asked I will answer. I like French food when I want to eat something a bit lite and Italian food when I'm really famished. Right now I could go for either" Pamela answered. 

"What about you Dad? Are you very hungry?" 

"A bit. I had a good lunch though." 

"Well," Rod said, "let's go to that French restaurant you bought last year Dad." 

The three had an enjoyable meal filled with good food and conversation. After the meal the Limo dropped Pamela off at her condo in one of the affluent downtown areas. Rod and his Dad went to see the latest Bond film packed from beginning to end with fast cars, fast women, special effects, and enough of a plot to glue it all together. 

On the way back home Rod asked his father "I know you date Dad. We don't speak of it much, but Mom's been gone for a long time. Any healthy male would at least date. On the other hand, you've never introduced me to any of your dates before so I have to wonder, are you getting ready to tell me something?" 

"You're going to make a capital businessman someday Rod. You always seem to be able read the situation and are aware of the big picture as they say. I may have more to tell you - but not without getting your impression first" Mr Withers answered. After a short pause he spoke again, "in other words, I'm becoming very attached to Pamela to the point of asking her to be my wife - but not without your consent. I know in many ways I'm not much of a father - I guess I've never quite understood how to be. But I do know that you are very important to me and your opinion matters!" 

"That's extremely considerate of you father. I certainly don't feel that you have to ask my opinion. From my viewpoint the only question is will you both be happy together? As long as the answer is yes I'll be very content" Rod said. 

It was only a few weeks later when Mr. Withers popped the question to Ms. Reese. Soon after a date was set for the wedding and plans were being made. Suddenly, now that the senior Mr. Withers seemed less attainable, the female members of the househould staff became incredibly attentative to the needs and wishes of the younger Mr. Withers. Rod was treated to more "accidental" displays of cleavage and feminine undergarments in a day than he used to observe in a month. After the wedding, the subtle glimpses turned into outright acts of exhibitionism - especially with the maids that were assigned to Rod's suite of rooms. He knew this would happen sooner or later. In one of the only substantial 'Man to Man' conversations his father had ever had with Rod he told him that wealth attracted some women like a magnet. And as he found out later in life, the Withers fortune was one of the largest in existence. His dad had told him he should consider this one of the benefits of wealth; but to be careful. 

He woke up on a Saturday morning around 10AM to find Lori quietly cleaning in his room. She was wearing the skimpiest outfit he had ever seen her wear. She had on a bikini top that barely covered her nipples and large areolas leaving most of her magnificent breasts exposed. She was wearing the smallest of bikini bottoms and Rod knew she must have shaved her pussy to be able to wear it since he didn't see any hair exposed. 

"Excuse me Lori, but why are you cleaning my room now and why are you dressed in a swimsuit?" Rod asked. 

"Don't you like my outfit?" she asked hunching her shoulders together to emphasize her cleavage. 

"Well yes, you look wonderful; but this isn't what you normally wear and you usually don't come in my room when I am sleeping" he replied. 

She moved closer to Rod's bed and asked "would you like it if I came in your room while you are sleeping?" 

Rod lay there just staring at her luscious body. 

"Is there anything I can do for you this morning Sir? Anything at all?" she asked. 

"Do you really mean anything?" Rod responded. 

"Yes sir, anything at all" Lori said in a soft seductive voice. 

"Allright! Why don't you start by taking off your little outfit" Rod requested. 

Rod couldn't take his eyes off of Lori's gorgeous body as she seductively removed her top and then pushed off her bikini bottom. 

"How big are your tits Lori?" he asked. 

"44EE" she answered as she leaned over Rod and gently swayed her mammaries back and forth in his face. Rod reached out and fondled her breasts enjoying their firmness and weight. He tweaked her nipples and she moaned in response. 

"Would you like a blowjob Rod?" she purred. 

Rod responded by throwing off his covers so she could see his thick, rampant cock in all of its ten inches of glory. Lori climbed onto the bed between Rod's legs and lowered her face to his cock. She spent the next few minutes licking the bottom side of Rod's prick from the head, down to his balls and lightly tickling his asshole with the tip of her tongue. 

Rod had never felt anything so intense in his life. "That's it baby! Lick my dick and tongue my asshole!" Rod exclaimed. Lori continued to do just that for a little bit longer and then slurped the head of Rod's cock into her hot mouth. She began to bouncing her head up and down on the large cock stuffing in a little more in with each bounce until she was deep throating Rod's prick. Lori's slurping noises turned Rod on that much more and soon he blew a big wad of cum down her thirsty throat. 

After he had his first cum, Rod's dick was still granite hard. Lori looked up past Rod's erect staff to his face and asked, "Do you want to fuck me now?" 

"Hell yes!" Rod said emphatically. 

Rod got off of the bed as Lori positioned herself on all fours, with her ass up in the air and her shaved pussy inviting Rod to pleasure himself in her hot, wet hole. As he stood behind her Rod asked "Are you ready baby?" 

"Yeah Hon! I'm ready! Bang my box!" Lori yelled out in her passion. 

Rod needed no further proof, so he shoved his cock all the way into her steaming gash in one long stroke. He leaned forward placing one hand on her ass while using his other hand to play with her swaying jugs. He kept his strokes coming deep and fast. After several minutes of intense fucking, Lori was thrashing her head back and forth and moaning loudly as she began to have a continous string of orgasms. Rod, having already come once, was able to hold off for quite some time. After they had been going at it for twenty minutes or so, Rod finally felt his balls tighten in preparation to unload his cannon in Lori's spasming pussy. 

"Thanks for the wake up fuck Lori!" 

"Anytime Rod." 

"Careful what you promise!" Rod joked. 

It wasn't terribly long after this incident that other women working at the Wither's estate began plying their sexual wares in an effort to earn Rod's appreciation and good graces. In a rare moment alone, Rod told his dad about his new abundance of sexual opportunity and asked "just how careful do you want me to be dad?" 

"Rod, all of the women here at the estate are checked weekly by our medical staff and are safe for your use" Rod's dad replied. 

"Dad, what medical staff are you talking about?" Rod asked. 

"Son it's time we had a long talk. In fact it's probably past time, but I wanted to wait until you came to me with the type of question you just brought me; however, this isn't the best place to discuss this. Humour your old man and take a walk with me." 

Alistair Roderick Withers was the fourth Alistair in a line of powerful and wealthy men who had amassed great wealth through hard work and careful investment. Like his fathers before him he enjoyed overseeing the family fortune, investing in new ventures, managing the stock portfolio, and generally attending to the business of creating even more wealth. Rod knew his family was wealthy, but he had no true concept of their real wealth. Now as the current head of the Withers clan was accompanied by the next in line Alistair felt it was time to begin Rod's real education.

Rod's father led him to his study. Instead of a room, it was really a suite of rooms meant to be a private place for Mr. Withers to work without intrusion. His privacy was ensured by high tech security. No one was allowed to enter without his permission - including the new Mrs. Withers. The cleaning staff did not enter without Mr. Wither's being present. 

Rod watched as his Dad entered an eight digit code into a number pad beside the door. The door opened and Mr. Withers escorted Rod into a small chamber. Mr. Withers stepped over to some equipment that reminded Rod of an Automatic Teller Machine. Mr. Wither's placed his eye over an eyepiece, and his hand on a flat pane of glass. Rod watched in amazement as a picture of an eye appeared on the large display panel. A new picture appeared as Mr. Wither's eye was being scanned. On an adjacent panel a picture of a hand appeared and, as a green bar of light was making it's way down Mr. Wither's palm, a second image of his hand was gradually displayed next to the first. Next the scanned image of the eye was compared to the previous image and the same was done with the two images of the hand. In a matter of seconds the computer was satisfied with it's verification and Rod heard some machinery whir into life as the entire rear wall of the chamber slid down into the floor. 

Rod's father guided him into the study with a slight pressure on his elbow. Walking over to his desk Mr. Withers punched a button on the surface of the desk and the wall slid back into place. 

"Rod, please come stand by my chair" Mr. Wither's requested. Rod moved to the position his father had indicated. 

"Watch closely and memorize the code you see me enter Rod" his father said as he entered a code into what appeared to be a small desktop calculator. 

Very slowly the section of floor that Rod and his father were on dropped down until they had descended about twenty feet and were standing at what appeared to be the entrance of a tunnel. His father guided him off of the floor section and slapped a large rectangular switch plate on the wall. The floor section started to rise back into place and light filled the tunnel. 

"Cat got your tongue Rod?" his dad asked lightheartedly. 

"Um yeah dad. This seems a bit extreme doesn't it?" Rod asked his father. 

"Perhaps; however you won't think that way after you see everything I want to show you" he said as he led Rod to a waiting vehicle resembling a golf cart. 

Rod sat in the passenger seat and listened to his Dad as they pulled out of the parking area and built up some speed. "Son, we Withers are from a long and proud lineage. Now, I know what you're probably thinking: oh boy, here dad goes on some spiel - I hope he hasn't lost his marbles. The reason I know what you're thinking is because I sat in your place in an earlier time listening to my father start the same talk. And what you're going to see and hear today will sound a bit strange; but I have to ask you to keep an open mind and really try to grasp everything I'm telling and showing you. Then you'll see why I say we are from a long and proud lineage." "You see I don't only want to show you some new things, I want to bring you into your true place and began to teach you about our family and our family business." Soon the golf cart slowed down and eased to a stop at the end of the tunnel. 

"Dad?" 

"Yes Son?" 

"I was listening to you and observing you. I couldn't help but notice that you weren't driving the cart. I mean there is no steering wheel and your feet weren't touching any pedals or anything. Also the tunnel was full of bright yet soft light; but no light fixtures to account for it. What gives?" Rod asked. 

"I don't mind your asking at all; but that will be explained soon enough if you can wait just a bit longer." 

His father stepped forward into a circle that appeared to be painted onto the white floor of the tunnel. He motioned for Rod to step into the circle adjacent to his own. When Rod had complied, his father tapped a quick staccatto pattern on the face of his wrist watch and a blue aura of light surrounded both of them. Rod was looking straight ahead at the white wall in front of him as the blue light enveloped him. Then as the light faded away he saw the same white wall. 

"Dad, what was the blue light for?" Rod asked. 

"Turn around and it might make more sense" his father instructed. 

Rod turned around and stared wide-eyed at his new surroundings. He might have remained there looking for several hours and still not have taken in all of the sights before him. The large cavernous room was filled with all kinds of technical gadgetry and all of it strange to Rod. He noticed that there were many tunnels leading in all different directions off of the room they had arrived in. 

"How did we get here?" Rod asked. 

"Son, do you ever watch the old Star Trek episodes?" his father queried. 

"Sometimes" Rod replied. 

"Well this is very much like the device they referred to as a Transporter" his father said. 

"How did..." Rod's voice lapsed into silence. His brow was furrowed in concentration. There were just too many questions at once. What should he ask first? Would every answer raise new questions? His father gave him a few moments to adjust. 

"Dad, I think I'm just going to continue to postpone my questions. Why don't you continue, things might be faster that way" Rod said. 

"Now that is the sign of a true Withers! Observation with an open mind is often the best course. It'll all come to make sense in time" his father commented. "Now about our family business. You might say that we are on the cutting edge in several fields of endeavor, exploration, technology, medicine, trading, etc, and all of these would be right. The thing most people would have a hard time understanding would be the scope, the breadth and depth, the overall scale of our activities." 

"Son, do you trust me?" his father asked. 

"Yes dad! Of course I trust you." Rod answered without pause. 

"Good! It's a lot easier to show some of these things that explain them." 

He led Rod back to the Transporter platform. As they stood once again in the circles marked on the platform, Rod heard his father say one word, "Pegasus", then the blue light came and the room faded away. This time Rod was expecting to find himself in new surroundings and he wasn't dissapointed. They were standing at the back of a room with a several comfortable chairs mounted on swivel bases fastened to the floor. In front of each chair was what appeared to be a small control panel. The wall in front of the chairs seemed perfectly smooth. His father guided him to one of the chairs and they sat down. 

"Rod, do you have any idea where you are?" 

"No father." 

His father touched an area on the arm of his chair and the front wall turned transparent. Rod found himself staring at the globe of earth hanging there suspended a stone's throw away, slowly rotating, surrounded by black space and brilliant stars. 

"We are in the starship Pegasus. You might call it the family vehicle since it has been in our family for generations." 

"You're telling me we're aliens?" Rod asked incredulously. 

"No. Not aliens. We are human through and through. Most people think we are of European descent. In fact some anthropologists, archeologists, and historians have in fact talked about our roots. The problem with them is they all credit it to mythology. The closest they have ever come to understanding even a grain of truth relative to the true history of earth is bundled in the fabled tales of Atlantus and various Greek myths." 

"You mean Atlantus was real?" 

"I mean that there in fact was an Atlantus; however, the few items of truth in the tales are entirely misinterpreted. The earth has gone through many periods of chaos. These periods of mass destruction caused our ancestors, and now I am speaking of the Withers' line, to use all of the then accumulated knowledge to leave this earth and reach for the stars. As they explored space, they encountered other friendly and intelligent life forms. These meetings provided opportunities for both parties to expand knowledge and trade technologies." 

"Will aliens try to conquer earth?" Rod asked with some fear. 

"Not likely. That is more mumbo jumbo from the scarred phsychi of humanity. On a planetary level a species suffers the limits of its' inhabitable environments. These limits are often the cause of wars and epic struggles; but once space travel puts other suitable but uninhabited planets within reach these conflicts largely disappear." 

"After many eons of contented living on starships and other planets, one of our ancestors determined to return to earth and attempt to educate the planet. He hoped to introduce advances in science and technology slow enough to be absorbed; yet fast enough to be useful in curbing the misery, disease and wars rampant on the planet. That ancestor was Roderick Frensi Withers, my grandfather. He arrived in the nick of time during what is now referred to as the 2nd World War." 

"Hitler's vast teams of scientists were poised to add weapons to the arsenal of the Third Reich that would have ended the war in Germany's favor. Your great grandfather, by influencing others, was able to avoid that terrible outcome and steer things in the direction that history now notes. For his purposes he looked for men of extroardinary intelligence who possessed enough humility to work with someoneelse's idea; but with enough ego to not mention the source of the idea if they didn't have to." 

"Since that point in Earth's history, we have continued to pursue Roderick's dream of a peaceful and happy earth by introducing change from behind the scene so to speak. Our many corporations cover the breadth of known human knowledge and are often at the forefront of "discovery". In most cases it is really "re-discovery" but I don't seek to take away from the hard efforts or the intellect involved." "Pretty much everything I've told you up to this point is historical in nature; however, you know enough now to begin to understand why I am quite different from many traditional fathers. I was raised in a different manner as you have been as well. You may continue to call me father; however, I would also like to become a close friend, so please call me Alistair." 

"That's going to take a bit of getting used to" Rod said. 

"Oh, it will come easy enough in time" Alistair replied. "For now let's go home and get some dinner." 

They transported back to the large cavern and Rod stopped his dad long enough to ask a few questions. 

"Why not transport directly home?" 

"To avoid having this technology fall into the wrong hands and to protect our identity should the lab be discovered." 

"So exactly where is this facility?" Rod asked. 

"About a thousand feet below the surface where no one should ever find it." 

"So does the tunnel even end anywhere near here?" Rod asked. 

"Not really. It ends more than seventy miles away from here." Alistair replied. Then once again, his father tapped a staccatto rythym on the faceplate of his watch and they were standing at the end of the tunnel. They both stepped into the tunnel car and sat down as it whisked them away. 

"How long is this tunnel?" Rod asked. 

"About 15 miles" Alistair replied. 

"Why not just transport to and from home?" Rod inquired. 

"This method places several layers of protection between us and accidental discovery" Alistair answered. 

"Has it ever been necessary?" 

"People are more curious and persistent than you might think Rod" his father replied. "One more thing before I forget. Do you remember what you came to talk with me about this afternoon?" 

"Dad even with all that you've shown me, Lori is pretty hard to forget!" Rod exclaimed. 

"I'm sure that's true. I'm also sure she won't be the last one falling for you. You're a Withers so you'd better get used to it" Alistair said. 

"What do you mean by that?" Rod questioned. 

"We Withers men tend to be very generously endowed. We also excrete stronger pheromones than an average man. You'll see. I always think it quite humorous when the female members of our household refer to you as 'Master Rod'" his dad said with a chuckle.
