Being Given a Company and a Wife 

By

JSR


It was a Friday evening. I had graduated from High School three weeks previously. I started a summer job the following Monday. It was now my 18th birthday. All of my friends were away for the summer, and my parents had given me a used car for my birthday, and left on vacation. I was bored, so I decided to walk to a bar down the street, treat myself to a beer, while I figured out what I wanted to do for the week end.

It was early, so the bar was almost empty. I took a seat at the bar, and ordered a beer. The bartender knew me and being a wise ass, carded me, knowing that it was my 18th birthday, then brought me the beer.

I was about half way through my beer, when a young lady came in and sat next to me, which surprised me due to all the empty seats at the bar. I did not say anything, but took a good look at her. She appeared to be somewhere my age, had nice tits (I could see about all of them except the nipples), her skirt was very short, and legs like Betty Grable. She also smelled of very expensive perfume. I was impressed.

I took another swallow of my beer, and she ask my name. I said I am Bruce, and you are? Corrie she answered. We made small talk for a while, and when she saw that my beer was about empty, she ordered another one for me, and a scotch and soda for her.

After the second beer, I decide to take a walk, and told her so. She ask, mind if I join you, it's always nicer to walk with someone. If you want to, I replied, I am going to walk to the park down the street.

As we left the bar, she placed her arm in mine, and we began walking toward the park. She kept up an almost constant chatter all the way to the park, talking about nothing in particular. There were not many people in the park, and I found an unoccupied bench, and sat down. Corrie sat as close to me as she could get. I noticed that her ring finger was white where she had worn a ring, so I thought that maybe she had just been divorced, but did not say anything about that.
 
I turned and looked at her, and said, What is a lady like you doing in this neighborhood, with a young guy like me? Before she could say anything I continued, You look and act like you come from money, and should be in a fashion magazine. I am only 18, and I guess that you are about 22.

She answered, Actually I am only 20, and these are the first nice cloths I have ever had. I was lonely and wanted some company. If you don't like me, I will leave. No, don't leave, unless you want to. I am just not the sort of guy that nice looking girls seem to want. She stood up and turned to face me, then she pulled me up onto my feet, and kissed me. Not a peak on the cheek, but full on the mouth. I started giving her some tongue, and she took one of my hands and put it on top of one of her tits, with my fingers being pushed down to her nipple. It only took an instant before my cock was rock hard, and pushing against her short skirt.

The palm of my hand was over her nipple, and I was lightly squeezing her tit. She reached down and touched my cock through my pants, and said, I have an apartment near by, where we can take care of this, as she squeezed my cock.

Now that got my attention, but being a little leery, ask, You are not a hooker, are you? She answered, No, just a girl who needs company for a while tonight. I said, We will have to stop at the drug store, as I do not have any condoms. Not needed she answered, I am on the pill. As she led the way toward her apartment.

As we walked toward her apartment, she explained that she was new in town, and had just started a job. This was the only apartment that she could afford on her salary. She also told me that she usually worked till 10pm, but that her days off rotated, so each week she would be off on different days.

Her apartment, was the second floor of a small two story house, with an outside stairway, so she could come and go without bothering the people in the downstairs apartment. At the landing outside her door, she handed me the key, and I unlocked the door. I let her enter first, and she turned on a light. The apartment had a small living room, a very tiny kitchen and a bathroom just large enough for a stool and a shower. The kitchen sink had to be used for both the bathroom and the kitchen. The bedroom had enough room for a bed and a night stand, with a small cloths closet.

After I closed the door behind me, I turned around, Corrie puled me to her and started kissing me again. I unbuttoned her blouse, and notice that her bra hooked in front, so I also unhooked it. When she felt the bra unhook, she backed off, and took off the blouse and bra. Then she pulled my polo shirt over my head, and threw it on the couch, along with her bra and blouse. I slid her skirt down, and she did not have any panties on. She unfastened my belt and unzipped my fly. My pants fell to my ankles and she pulled down my briefs. I stepped out of them, and she lead me to the bed.

As we got to the bed, she said, You are in charge, do to me what you will, I like it hard and ruff, I will take it in my mouth, ass, or pussy, or all three if you want. Make my tits hurt, pull the nipples off if you can eat me or do it all, just do it.

I threw her down on the bed, and spread her legs wide open, and rammed my cock into her pussy without any preparation. The harder I rammed her, the better she liked it. It took about 5 minutes, before I came, boy did I cum. Her canal was just getting to where it was beginning to lubricate itself, when I did. I kept inside of her until it came out on it's own. Mean while I was stretching and pulling her nipples to the point where her back was coming up off of the bed.

Once my cock came out of her, I sat on her upper chest, and had her give me a blow job, while I reached behind me and continued to pull her nipples and stretch her tits as far as I could. Once she had me hard again, I rolled her over and put her on her hands and knees. Then I rammed into her again doggy style, while I milked her tits like she was a cow. This time her canal was lubricated, and I was able to get further inside of her. I lasted about 10 minutes this time, and gave her another big load of baby juice.

Again when I pulled out, I had her suck me again. When I got hard this time, I rolled her over again and spread her ass open. Since she said she liked it rough, I put my cock head at her rectal opening and pushed about 4 times really hard, and my dick head popped into her ass. I then put all my force behind a mighty shove, and was balls deep inside her ass. I stroked her so hard that her head was hitting the headboard on every stroke, its a wonder that it did not give her a headache.

I cam in her ass, but the volume of cum was down from the first two times. One I had cum in her ass, I just laid on top of her, reached under and grabbed her nipples again and started squeezing and pulling them again, until her ass pushed my cock out. I then told her that I needed her to clean my cock. She said not after where I just was. I said I did not mean a blow job, just use a wash cloth, which she did. Then I laid on the bed sucking her nipples for quite a while.

Corrie said, That was great, a lot better than I expected. I answered, when is your next day off? I will expect to see you then, and do more with and to you then. Her answer was, Be here Thursday no earlier than 6pm, and I will be ready for you.

I got dressed, leaned over and kissed her, and said I will be here at 6:30 on Thursday, be nude and ready for me.

I stopped at the bar on the way home, for another beer. My friendly bartender, ask how I made out, and I told him that I scored a TD. She was hotter than a $2 pistol. She did not have the look of a hooker, he said. Nope, new in town and was trying to get to know some people. I answered.

Monday, break time at work, the guys were talking about what they did over the weekend. The boss (Sam) said that he went out of town golfing, and left his wife at home. Some of the single guys were talking about the broads that they had picked up, and they ask me what I had done. I said, I had a quick birthday party on Friday evening, and spent the rest of the weekend just loafing around.  John, said, Davy, with all the broads running around this town, and you were alone? What are you, Queer? I said, John, read it anyway you want to, and no I am not Queer, are you? That got a big laugh from everyone.

Thursday evening at 6:30 I arrived at Corrie's apartment. I knocked on the door, and heard someone say come in, which I ignored, and knocked again, with the same result. The fourth time I knocked, Corrie came to the door in a robe, and said, Didn't you hear me say come in? I told her that I expected her to come to the door dressed as I had instructed, last week. She answered I am suppose to answer the door nude? Yes, when you are expecting me I answered. Boy, you really do take charge, I like that, now come in and fuck my brains out.

After a repeat of the previous Friday night, we laid on the bed talking, and I ask her just how kinky do you like to get? She answered, If you can think of it, I will do, or at least try to do it. I said, I will try to come up with something different each week, as long as we continue to see each other. Corrie answered, I have no intention of seeing anyone else, as long as we get along together.

Our meeting the following week was on Monday. Being an electronic enthusiast, I had modified small diameter TV probe, on a 10 foot cord, similar to the ones on the police shows, that they slide under a door to see into a room. It was attached to a monitor, and recording device, all powered by batteries in the monitor.

I showed it to Corrie, and she ask what we were going to use it for? I said, It will attach to the head of my cock, and the light in the end, will allow us to see what my cock sees inside of your pussy. Once I am fully inside you, if I am not at your cervix, I can slide it forward, so that we can see just what it looks like. What do you think of that? She said, Really kinky, lets try it and see.

I turned the monitor on, and told Corrie, Just watch the monitor, and you will see just what my cock would see if it were an eye. On my knees, on the foot of the bed and between her widely spread legs, I attached the probe to the underside of my cock, using the foreskin to hold it in place. While it would take some pressure to make it release, I had designed the attachment so that it would easily release as it was pushed forward. Going in, the backward pressure would hold it in place.

On the monitor Corrie was watching as the probe picked up part of the bed, and then as I was attaching it, she saw her legs spread, and her vagina in front of the camera. As I approached her pussy, the picture became just of her slit. Then I took one hand and spread her pussy lips, and she got her first look at what she looked like. As my cock entered her hole, the screen got black and once my cock head was inside of her, the light allowed her to see the membranes of her pussy. Just forward of the cock head, could be seen, and as my cock and probe pushed further into her, she could see the walls opening up to take my cock. 

When my cock was balls deep into her, she said that there appeared to be room for some more inside of her, so I took the probe, and slowly pushed it forward. I had her turn the monitor so that I could see it. Now, with out my cock there, the walls opened just enough for the probe to keep advancing. About two inches more into her, I could see the small opening through her cervix, and kept pushing it forward, until it was at that opening. 

I said, We are at your cervix, now, and I am going to try to push it through, into your womb. It took a little twisting and turning and pushing, but the probe finally started thought the cervix, into her womb. Once inside her womb, I pushed a button, on the monitor, and the light tripled in intensity. Seeing nothing on the monitor, I kept pushing into her, until I saw two smaller openings on opposite sides of the top of her womb.

Corrie, had not said anything for a while, so I ask her, How does it feel with the probe inside your womb? Her answer was, I feel a little discomfort, but I really do not feel the probe since it went past my cervix. I do feel the cable as it goes through the cervix, but it does not hurt. I twist and turn the probe to get a very good look at her cervix, knowing I can see it all later, I give the monitor back to her and tell her, Tell me what you want me to do with the probe now?

Her answer was, Pull it back to just in front of your cock, and then fuck me, then we can see the cum as it squirts into me. I pulled the probe back to just outside of the cervix. Then I started stroking slow and deeply into her, with the length of the probe rubbing on the bottom of my cock. At first it was chafing a little, but then her pussy started releasing its juice, and the chafing was released. Just as I was about to cum, I stuck a finger into her ass hole. She squealed and we both came at the same time.

Once I had slipped out of her, I pushed the probe back inside of her womb to see what the effect of cumming in her did to her womb. We saw a few goblets of cum moving around (probably looking for the microscopic egg).

I told her next time, we would do the same thing, but with her giving me a blow job, and maybe even get to see the cum in her stomach.

We had went very slowly with the video probe, that we did not have much time for anything else. I had her use her tongue to clean up my cock, then told her that she was to stand in the window with her legs wide apart until I was out of sight. As I opened the door to leave, Corrie said, Next week it will have to be on Thursday. Ok, I replied.

On Tuesday, my boss ask me to come to dinner at his house, on Friday. It took me a minute to realize that this would be a week before I was to meet Corrie again, so I accepted, asking if there was anything I should bring. He said, No, my wife is a very good cook, and enjoys cooking for people. That is why at least every two weeks, I invite one of the workers and family, to dinner. In your case, since you are single, it will be just the three of us, unless you have someone special you would like to bring. No, no one special, I will be by myself.

Friday, I arrived at Sam's house at the appointed time. Sam answered the door and invited me in. In the living room, he ask what I wanted to drink, and I answered Beer will be fine. He said, I have to go pick up a few things that Corrie forgot to get at the market, so you go into the kitchen and introduce your self, and the beer is in the fridge. I will be back in half an hour.

As he left, I said to myself, It cannot be my Corrie, but it is not that common a name. I thought for a couple of minutes, and decided to get the beer. I went to the kitchen, and there she was. No mistakes, it was my Corrie, who doesn't know anyone in town and works strange hours. She did not notice me come in, so I said, Hello, Corrie, how is dinner coming? as I moved to the fridge to get myself a beer. 

At the sound of my voice, Corrie stopped, and dropped the knife she was chopping veggies with. She turned toward the sound of my voice, and turned beet red. Bruce, what are you doing here? she ask. Your husband invited me to dinner, I answered, at least I must assume that Sam is your husband, and he is my boss.


Please do not give me away, pretend that we have just met. I will explain everything at our next meeting. Please, I beg of you, she said, as she started crying. Corrie, I said, I will not give you away, but your explanation next week had better be really good. Oh, thank you, and you will not regret it, I promise.

By the time that Sam got back, Corrie, was over crying, and was looking fabulous. Sam came in and said, I see that the two of you seem to be getting along very well. What do you think of my wife, Bruce, he ask? I replied, You have a very beautiful wife, Sam, I appreciate being ask over, to meet her. You must be very jealous of her. I need to find someone of her stature to be with.

My lord, and Bruce, dinner is ready to be served, please be seated, Corrie said. Where do you want me to sit, I ask? Sam said, Sit next to Corrie, she seems to like you better than any of the other employees that have been here. I thought to myself, Sam you do not know what you are asking of me, I have had a hard time not putting my hands on her already.

Corrie proved to be an excellent cook, the meal was delicious. Sam and I talked about things at the plant. While I had not realized it, I found that Sam was also the owner of the company.

After eating, while Corrie was cleaning up the dining room, Sam and I retired to the living room, and Sam ask me, How come you haven't found yourself a nice girl to date? I replied, I keep looking, but I have not found one who is attracted to me. Same problem I had in High School. I talk to them with no problem, but when it comes time to ask them out, almost all say NO, and those that don't, arent anything I am interested in for more than a one night stand.

What about Corrie, Sam ask? I replied, If I could find someone like her, I would be in heaven, but sadly she is taken, by my boss. Putting aside that I am your boss, and she is my wife, if she were to ask you to go to the bedroom with her, what would you do, he ask? That's a no brain-er, I replied, of course I would. And if she ask me to come with the two of you? Sam, are you asking me if I would like a threesome with you and Corrie, I ask?

Corrie stuck her head into the room and said, Will you two just quit talking and come to the bedroom and fuck the shit out of me? She then started undressing as she went up the stairs. Sam said, I think she just answered your question, lets get going.

By the time we got to the bedroom, Corrie was nude and laying in the center of the bed, with her legs spread wide open. As we undressed, she said, Bruce, your choice, if you want my pussy, with me on top, then Sam get my ass hole. If you want me doggy style, then Sam gets a blow job. After that it is up to the two of you as to what you do to me.

I looked at Sam, and he said, It's your choice. I looked at Corrie, and said, Get up so I can lay down, and shove your pussy over my cock and to the bottom in one stroke. As we got into position, I grabbed her nipples and started squeezing them. Once she had me totally inside of her, I used her nipples to pull her  down on top of me, so that Sam could enter her rectum. Sam wasted no time getting behind her and was inside her ass in about 3 strokes. When Sam would pull out until just the head of his cock was inside of her, which at the same time pulled her off of my cock a short ways. When he slammed back into her, it drove her back so the base of my cock was at her pussy entrance.

I kept pulling her nipples toward my head, and it forced her head near mine. She then put a lip lock on me and started using a lot of tongue. With her impaled on two cocks, a tongue and me pulling on her nipples, it did not take very long before she had an orgasm. She had three more before Sam came in her ass, and a very hard one as I came in her pussy. We all three just collapsed on top of each other and laid there until Sam and I both had come out of her. Once we did, the cum started running out of her pussy and ass. 

We laid there for a few minutes, and Sam said, Bruce, I want you to fuck her face, and make sure that your cock is all the way to the base, inside of her, I will be eating her pussy while you do that. I put her head over the edge of the bed so I could get a better angle into her mouth. Sam was on the other side of the bed with his head buried between her legs. I put my cock to her lips, and she opened her mouth. I slowly slid my cock in until it hit the back of her mouth, then I lifted her head a little to line up her throat with my cock. Then I jammed it into her and down her throat. I kept it there for few seconds, then pulled out just enough for her to get some air again in her lungs, and then rammed it back into her throat again. I would keep it in just long enough that she would start choking for air and then pull it back out and let her take another breath. All the time, she would be using her tongue as best as she could to lick my cock. The slow rhythm to my strokes kept me from cumming to soon. With Sam doing a good job of eating her pussy, in no time she was having another great orgasm. That also caused her throat muscles to contract and started getting me ready to cum.

I was able to hold my cumming until her orgasm was almost over, and then I rammed back into her and let fly with a big load of cum. I held my cock there until every last drop of cum was out, and then pulled out of her mouth. I had been inside blocking her breathing just long enough that she passed out about the same time I pulled out of her mouth.

Once we made sure that Carrie was ok, Sam said, I would like to see that video you took inside of Corrie while you fucked her last time. I said, How do you know about that? He said, I have had that apartment wired for a long time, just do not tell her. Lets go down stairs and talk. She will probably be out for a few minutes, and my even go to sleep before she comes down. We left our clothing there, and went to the living room. Sam then said, This is what is happening, and may explain a lot for you.

A few months ago, Corrie caught me with another woman. I got out of it by saying I was auditioning women so we could have a threesome. She still did not like it, but let it go. Several weeks ago, she told me that she was going to audition some men for a threesome. After using my excuse, I could not really say no, so I did not say anything. Sense I knew about the apartment, she owns the building, and rents out the bottom floor. Then when she gets mad at me she will go there, so I bugged the place, to see what she did.

The first couple of weeks, she did not find anyone that she liked, so she would go back there, and stay until very late, and come in with her clothing slightly mussed up, to make it look like she had been with someone. Then a few weeks ago, she came home and was a real mess, her make up was smeared and it was obvious that she had dressed in a hurry. That was the night she ran into you. I said, That night I noticed that her ring finger was lighter, like a wedding ring had been removed, it should have warned me.

She quit wearing the ring after she caught me, but would put it back on if we had visitors, or we went out together. I was impressed with the way that she handled herself, and the way that you were being cautious. When you ask her how kinky she liked it, she said something to the effect that anything you could come up with would be ok by her. Then this week hearing the tapes, I knew I had to see that video you made. I like you, and you do a great job at the plant, I think that we can have a great relationship in the future. He then whispered, I hear her moving around, so this conversation did not happen, she will be here shortly.

A couple of minutes later, Corrie came downstairs, still nude, and ask, What happened, and why are you two down here?

Sam looked at me and ask, Do you want to tell her? I said, Corrie, when I came in your throat, it blocked you air just long enough for you to faint, just as I was pulling out. We check to make sure that you were ok, and then came down here to let you rest up for a while. Oh, she said, I knew that it was strange that no one was there when I opened my eyes. I did not realize I had been out.

I looked at the clock and said, I should get dressed and go home, as it is quite late. I started for the stairs, and Corrie took hold of my arm, and went up with me. As I was getting dressed, she said, Friday night is still on, what he doesn't know won't hurt him. She then gave me a real passionate kiss. Then took my arm as we descended the stairs.

At the front door, Sam, turned to me and said, Go ahead and give Corrie, a goodby kiss, and remember next Friday's meeting will be here, and do not forget to bring the tape. At that statement, Corrie, broke our kiss and looked at Sam with a puzzled look on her face, and said, What meeting and what tape? Sam laughed and said, The meeting that you and Bruce have planned for Friday, and the tape of your insides as he was fucking you.

Corrie got red in the face, knowing that he knew to much to be guessing. She started to deny everything, but Sam said, Corrie, I have everything on tape that happened in your apartment, and yes I have know about the apartment for a long time. Every thing is going to be all right. Just give it a few days, and you will see. She looked at me as if to say, what did you tell him, and I just shook my head no, and left.

Monday, just before lunch, I got a note to meet Sam in his office as soon as possible. I tided up my desk, and put all my personal effects in a box. This is ax time. I will be unemployed in a few minutes. I slowly made my way to his office. His secretary had left for lunch, so I knocked on his door. Bruce, come in, said Sam.

Entering his office, I saw Sam sitting at his desk, with a big smile on his face. He gestured toward a chair right in front of the desk, and said, Why the long face? I know you think I called you here to fire you, cheer up that's not going to happen. For some reason that did not relieve my anguish. I sat as he requested.

Bruce, he said, you have worked with everyone in the office, and as far as I can see, you did a good job. If I were to replace any one of them with you, could you keep that job going? I answered, Probably not as well as they would, but yes, I could do the job. One job I could not do, is the Shop Foreman's. Is one of them leaving? No, but I might be shortly, and don't worry about the Shop, that is a different kettle of fish, and he reports directly to me.

I gave him a strange look, and he said, For quite a while now, I have been bored with this job. I am thinking about making someone a GM, and running the place for me. I feel that that person should be you. What are you going to do, I ask? I am thinking of starting a new business. Not one that will conflict with this one, but I have yet to select what it will be.

Why isn't one of the other who have been here longer, getting the chance to move up, instead of me, I ask? Each of them, are good at their own job, but could not work in any of the other ones. The GM, need to know how to run each of the areas, which none of them can do.

Please keep this under your hat, and you, I and Corrie, will discuss it on Friday. Now go and enjoy your lunch.

 The rest of the week, I was on pins and needles. Surely something would change before Friday, but nothing else was said.

Friday evening, I was so nervous that I had to back to the house to get the probe, and recording. I was almost late getting to Sam's house. Sam had been watching for me, as he opened the door just as I stepped onto the porch.

The first thing he ask was, Did you bring the probe, and the recording? Yes, I replied, and handed them to him. Corrie has supper almost ready, so lets go directly to the dining room, He said.

While Corrie was finishing putting things on the table, Sam watched part of the video, and was muttering to himself, this is amazing. When Corrie had everything ready, she walked up to me and gave me a big kiss, and sat beside me. Sam put the video down and we started to eat.

Sam then said, While I am talking, you two keep your questions to you selves, and after I finish, ask them. First; Starting on Tuesday, Bruce, you will become GM of the company. Second: On Wednesday, I will be leaving to check on another small company I think I want to take over. Three: since this house is owned by the company, The first of the month, Bruce, you will move in.

Once I have established myself in this other business, I will First: File for divorce, with a nice settlement given to Corrie. Second: The day the divorce is final, I will sign the paper work making Bruce the sole owner of this company. Third: shortly there after, I will give Corrie's hand to you in marriage. How does that sound to the two of you?

I said, I don't think that I heard you correctly. You heard correctly, said Sam. Corrie said, Why the divorce, and why are you giving me to Bruce? Sam said, I am 10 years older than you, and our marriage was a mistake. You need someone near your own age, and Bruce and you are in love. I can tell, and I approve. You both deserve the best and each of you are getting the best there is.

I said, Sam, I appreciate all of this, but why me? I am a nobody, who just happened to find a job with you, and then accidentally fell in love with your wife. Sam replied, You work hard and you learn fast, that alone is enough. But when you fell in love with Corrie, that cemented my decision to let the company go, as I knew that she would be well taken care of.

After we had eaten, we were watching something on TV, and Corrie had her head in my lap, half asleep. Sam said, I think it is about time for you two to try the other experiment with this contraption, and you need to show me how it is used, as well.

I said, Sam, I will need to remove my pants and undershorts, I hope it will not offend you. Do what you need to do, said Sam. I removed them, and told Corrie to give me a hand job to get me a little hard. Once I started to stiffen up, I showed Sam how to clip the probe to the underside of my cock. Then turned the monitor on. I told Corrie, to slowly bring her lips up to the end of my cock, and Sam watched on the monitor. Wow, he said, that shows up her mouth and teeth very well.

She stuck my cock into her mouth, and started sucking and tonguing me, and I got hard almost immediately. She slowly stuck my cock deeper and deeper into her mouth. Sam was glued to the monitor. As I reached the back of her mouth, she got up on her knees, so that she was more lined up with my cock, and I said to her, get ready I am going into your throat. She nodded that she was ready, and I shove my cock in as far as I could. I could feel her gagging a little, and I started feeding the probe slowly into her throat. After it was in about 2 inches, I pulled out of her just enough that she could breathe, and kept feeding the probe down her pipe into her stomach. I told Sam to let me know when it just reached the opening to her stomach, and held the probe there. Then I told Carrie, to make me cum.

It seemed like it was taking a very long time for me to cum, so I took one of her hands and put it on my scrotum. She started to fingering my balls and playing with them. Now I could feel the cum starting to get ready for it's trip. Not where it was suppose to be, but toward Corrie's stomach. Corrie could feel it surge trying to start, so she pulled my cock back into her throat. Just as I started to cum in her, she passed out from lack of oxygen. Then my cum was draining down her tube toward her stomach. The monitor showed the stringy white slime going into her stomach, and I pulled out of her mouth so she could breathe again. She was out for about 5 minutes, long enough that I got the probe out of her before she awoke.

Sam was amazed at what he saw, and it was recorded. He ask me if it could be made and sold at a reasonable cost. I told him that I had about fifty dollars in it, but that parts bought in bulk would lower the cost to maybe forty-five dollars. Sam said, I can think of a lot of uses for this, not counting the porno ones like you did.

Sam also said; Corrie, if you do not object, we could use these two video's as advertisements, for these in porno shops. Why would you need my approval, Corrie ask? Because in each case, your face is very visible. We could remake them and make sure that your face is not seen, but that would be your choice. Corrie looked at me and said, What do you think? I said, I have no problem with it either way. You are a beautiful woman and when you become my wife, then I might have a word or two, but until then, it is between you and Sam.

Sam said, As far as I am concerned, from this moment on, the two of you are man and wife. It is just a formality for me to get the divorce, and for you two to get married, so your opinion is needed, not mine. I said, Then, Corrie, I don't care if the whole world knows that it is you. With the right promotion we might get to go to the porno convention in Las Vegas in a year or two.

Corrie looked at Sam and said, Use them as they are, and if we need more, maybe it could be adapted to see what my ass looks like as well.

Monday, Sam made the announcement to the office and plant that I was the GM, pending becoming the sole owner of the company.

The first of the month, mom and dad were helping me move my things from their home to my new one. On the first trip, I introduced Corrie, as the housekeeper. On the way back for another load mom said; and I suppose that you are NOT sleeping with her? I answered, Mom, I would not insult your intelligence by saying that. Of course, I will be sleeping with her, and when her divorce is final, she will become your daughter in law.

That is how I was given a company, and a wife all at once.

Corrie and I now have 3 children, and have been to the Las Vegas porno convention twice now. Sam sends us a check now and then for royalties on the probe assembly.

Comments and suggestions are always welcome.

Storytellerxxx5@gmail.com


