------------DISCLAIMER STATEMENT--------------
This is a sexually graphic story with adult content. You must be 21 years of age to read. The characters in this sexual fantasy story are imaginary, and are not a representation, in any manner, of any real world person or situation.


YOU MUST BE 21 YEARS OF AGE TO READ!!!

THE UN-MALE CHRONICLES: PART 2
Author:  ES2C
Copyright JUNE 2002

    Reader, as the two prissy spouses approached, the two 
couples chatted.  Then after a while, Sam and Clara walked 
off, leaving  Norma and Charles behind.  Let's listen in.
(Norma & Charles alone)
----------------------------
	"They do seem so happy ... and I want the 
same for us."
	"They sure are honey, and I'm certain         
we'll be as happy or happier.  Are you glad         
you came?"
	"Oh Yes.  I've learned so much.  I ... I         
also better understand why you couldn't just         
be happy with me ... and why it's necessary         
for me to be an Un-male husband if I'm to         
still be a part of your life.  I'm glad I         
happened to bump into Sam and confided in him         
about us.  Little did I realize that he'd had         
the same situation and had found a solution.         
He made me feel so much more comfortable 
about doing this."
	"Were the counselors easy to talk too."
	"Very easy to talk to.  They were so         
understanding.  Between them and Sam, they         
forced me to talk candidly about my         
inadequacies as a husband and why it was        
necessary for  ... for you to have a ... a 
... real man ... like Reggie ... for 
satisfaction.  I ... I don't think that if 
Sam hadn't been there holding my hand, I ... 
I would've held up as well as I did."
	"That's so wonderful of him.  But I'm         
proud of you too dear.  I bet you felt better         
after talking to them about us."
	"I ... I felt so relieved that they         
understood that I loved you so much and 
didn't think I was a fool."
	"Don't ever think that darling.  And I 
do appreciate your loving me enough to become 
an Un-male spouse.  It's because of that, 
that I know your love for me is true."
	"Thanks Norma, I needed to hear you say         
that.  I'll do my best to prove myself to you         
and ... Reggie.  Just as you sort of told me,         
they said the same thing.  That making and         
keeping him happy is the key to making sure         
you're happy with me."
	"Yes darling, that's so right.  I         
couldn't have said it better.  You think         
you're ready to meet Reggie?"
	"Y-yes I am.  When did you have in         
mind?"
	"How about now?"
	"Now?"
      "Yes dear, I invited him over. He's        
sitting right over there.  See the black man         
dressed in the blue suit?"

	Readers, I couldn't help but look over also from my 
vantage point to see to whom his wife was referring to.  
After a glance in the general direction she refereed to, I 
immediately saw the tall handsome well-dressed, well-built 
black man.  He looked like he was on a modeling assignment.

  	That's him?"
	"Yes honey.  That's my darling Reggie.   Isn't he nice 
looking?  Wait here, I'll go over and get him."
    
	Again from my vantage point, I had a chance to see 
Norma, Charles' wife in motion.  She was indeed a beautiful 
woman.  When she came to Reggie, he got up and they 
embraced.  They looked like such a romantic couple as they 
returned to where her husband was sitting.  There 
contrasting clothing and skin color added flair to the their 
appearance.  I couldn't see him, but I did hear Charles get 
up as the dashing smiling couple arrived.

	"Charles dear, this is  
Mr. Reggie Andrews,  the real man  in my 
life I've  told you so much about."
	"Er, it's good to meet you .. sir."
     "Likewise.    I'm  glad   we're   
finally meeting, and on such friendly 
terms at that. That's  a  pretty  blouse 
you're wearing,  it looks good on you.  
Do you have any more?"
	"Thank  you sir.  I'd forgotten I 
had it on  already. I don't have another 
... er... yet  that is.  This  was a 
free gift from  my having  attended  a  
trial  one  day  Un-male seminar.  Uh, 
but I will be getting more."
	"Very  good.  Get those type that 
have a lot  of lace and  ruffles. Are 
you signed up for the full Un-male 
therapy?"
	"Yes sir.  I ... I just did 
tonight."
     "Good. I told Norma that I thought 
that would  be the only way the three of 
us could possibly  get along  in a house 
together. I had second thoughts about 
this though."
	"Charles  dear,  tell  Reggie  that 
you understand  your new role well now 
that he's the  man  of the  house.  Tell 
him how the Un-male  training was  your 
idea because you wanted to make  sure 
everything would work out."
	"Let  him talk  Norma, do you 
always put words in his mouth?"
	"She's right sir, I do understand 
that my role  in the relationship will 
be defined  by you as the man of the 
house. I will abide by your  rules and 
do as you order me to, to demonstrate   
that I'm no threat to your superior  
manhood and that I respect you         
totally."
	"That's all right.  And you do know 
you ain't  got no claims  on her or her 
pussy  no more."
	"Er,  ... Yes sir ... I ... I do.  
I give up all my conjugal rights to 
you."
	"Honey,  don't you want to taste me  
from time to  time. Remember  what  we  
talked about?"
       "Norma,  why don't you let him 
speak for his own self.  Is he a man or 
what?"
	"Well honey are you?"
	"You ... You are the man Mr. 
Andrews, I'm not."
	"Good  answer.   Norma, he's smart.   
Now gone and ask me what you started 
to."
   "I  was wondering if ... if you'd  
permit me  to ... to suck my wife, I  
... I'm sorry, I  mean your woman's cunt 
some time.  That is ... of course ... 
maybe after you've finished with her and
...  if  she  feels  like letting m-me         
tongue her out.  I-I'd be so grateful."
	"Ha!  Ha!  I  like you already.  I  
think this  may work out  after all.  
Well maybe  I will  let you suck her 
sloppy cunt every once in a while, but 
you've got to be on your best    
behavior to earn  such a  privilege.   
Just remember, you're on probation until 
you bring home that Un-male certificate, 
certifying you know  your place.  
Otherwise,  Norma and I'll be  gone.  
Won't we baby. You'd leave him if         
I told you too?"
	"He  knows I will Reggie honey.  He 
knows I need you too much."
      "Oh!  I  will  work  hard  to get  
it  Mr.Andrews.   And  I'll  work hard 
to earn any privileges you let me have.  
Oh thank you so very much.  Thank you 
sir."


	Dear readers, Charles' voice sounded choked up as he 
thanked his wife's black lover and new man of the house, 
over and over again for letting him be a part of their 
lives.  He sounded so pathetic but yet happy.  I overheard 
his wife giving him a hanky to dry his tears of joy.  I next 
heard Reggie complain about dust on his expensive shoes. 
Almost as quick, I heard Charles get up and volunteer to 
wipe them off.
	I couldn't see the scene directly, but I could see the 
shadowy image of Charles on his knees stooped over 
administering to his new master's shoes in the highly 
polished dark brass panel of a near by building column.  I 
presumed because this was at an Un-male gathering, no one 
really gave a second look at the white husband on his knees 
shining the handsome black stud's shoes while the wife, 
snuggled up close to her black stud, watched him in such a 
humiliating scene.  It was in this position that Charles 
found himself in when Clara, Kane, and Samantha returned to 
meet Norma and Reggie. It appeared that the wives and the 
black studs knew each other. They talked a while and decided 
to go out for dinner.   The novice and senior Un-males waved 
goodbye to their wives as each strode off, arm-in-arm, with 
their respective handsome black lovers.  Sam and
Charles were told by their respective wives they could stay 
until the gathering was over, but after that, off to home 
and to bed.  Sam was to drop Charles off, since Reggie and 
Norma took the car. 
	At this point in my investigation of the Un-male 
Center, I really had seen only happy endings to problems 
people had.  Albeit, the solutions were somewhat unorthodox 
by common standards.  I was just getting ready to circulate, 
when a tall, over six feet, middle age woman, of muscular 
proportions, virtually leading a shorter younger, but 
effeminately dressed man in his early twenties.  They took 
the seats that had been vacated by Sam & Charles.  The man 
wore what I thought was a leisure suit, but on closer 
examination, it was a woman's pants suit.  He wore a pink 
blouse with ruffles all down the front and heavily accented 
with lace around the collar and sleeves. His face was made 
up and his eyes were heavily highlighted with pink eye 
shadow.  His lipstick was a matching color. He also wore 
open toe low heel women's flats.  I noticed that his 
toenails were a bright pink and nicely accented by the 
glistening pink stockings he had on. His hair was long, but 
cut fashionably short, but with a  feminine flair. Their 
conversation led me to stay put.


         "You like my outfit Mrs. Randle?"
	"I sure do, You look so pretty, but 
please call  me mother.   I don't mind 
you calling me mother  now that your 
personality is more like that  of  the  
type of son-in-law I'm  pleased         
with. How was the flight?  Did any men  
try to get fresh with you?"
	"Only  two, and I was able to 
reward both of  the  darlings with  a 
blow job before  we landed.  My Un-male 
chaperone fully encouraged me. Oh let me  
tell you this.  Just to  show you  that  
the Un-male approach is gaining         
awareness, after most of the other 
passengers were sleep, a flight 
attendant came over to talk  to my 
chaperone and me.  She knew I was an Un-
male by the necklace pendant I wore.  
She         revealed that she'd seen me 
giving head to one of the men on the 
darken  aircraft. She complimented  me 
on  being so accommodating  to the man. 
She  confessed she  admired  white        
males  like  me who  didn't have any  
hang up about their lack of manliness 
and who were willing to  show respect to 
real men. She said she'd seen  the  
black stud  get on with an  obvious         
hard-on. She said she'd planned to get 
to  him but that she had to give first priority 
to the  black pilot and co-pilot, who 
took  turns banging  her in the  cock 
pit while the  other flew  the plane.  
She then brought up the real reason  why 
she sought me out.  Her pussy  was full  
and she'd heard that Un-males also liked 
to feast on wet creamed up cunts.  She 
offered her  hair pie to me if I wanted 
it.  I quickly agreed. `I thought it'd 
make the rest of the flight more 
enjoyable for the both of us. With all 
the fuss over recycling, I'd hate to 
waste all this good fuck juice if 
there's  someone who'd want it.' She 
said as she hiked up her skirt  and  
presented  me one of  the  hairiest 
cunts  I'd ever seen. My chaperone kept 
an eye out  for  us  as  I knelt and 
enjoyed  a  most delicious in flight 
meal of funky gooey snatch goo."
"My, my you did seem to have an  
eventful trip. You should write a letter 
to the Airline complimenting the 
attendant's thoughtfulness."
	"I'd plan to."
      "Everybody  is  anxious  to  see  
the  new you."    
	"Carla would've come with me but 
she and Russ  had another engagement.  
She said  you'd understand."
      "I  do. I'm so pleased that Russ 
has made her so happy as well as her 
still letting me be a part of  her life 
still.  If I'd  known then  what I know  
now all this wouldn't been necessary."
	"Don't  fret about  it dear.  Life 
is  all about making mistakes and 
learning from them. My  daughter is  a 
strong and assertive  woman like the 
other females in our family. When she         
told  you that she'd found you the right  
job commensurate with  your  manliness,  
you  had difficulty accepting the truth 
and  adjusting to  being her 
chambermaid.  However, the fact         
that you tried it for a few days, 
assuming she         was  going  to  
change  her  mind,  shows  the         
strength  and fortitude  you had to  
eventually         become  what you are 
now.  However, after  the         proper  
orientation, you  now see the  light.         
We're  all  very  proud  of  you.   The  
other servants are very glad you're 
back. Especially  since your wife told 
them that you will  still be the lowest 
ranking servant  in the house, and they 
can all give you orders."
	"Thanks. I ... I hope you all can 
forgive my  running  away.  It  was so 
foolish  of  me reacting the way I did.  
I just laugh now when I think about it."
	"It's understandable dear. Just 
remember, Carla and I know what's best 
for you."
	"Yes ma'am, I'll never forget it.   
know my place now. I'll proudly be a  
household maid  to  pay  you  and her 
back for all  the trouble  I've caused.  
I was at the top of  my class  in Male 
maidservant training.  I won't         
run  away  again. I'm just so happy you  
had those wonderful black detectives 
track me down and carry me to the Un-
male Country Camp. The twelve  weeks  of  
training  was just what  I needed  to 
help me see the light and to set me         
straight  about the silly misconceptions 
about macho  images  and  other similar  
notions  I had."
	"I  believe you dear and I'm glad 
you saw the  light.  You screwed up 
once, but now I do believe you're on the 
right track."
	"Oh   Mrs. ... I  mean ... mother, 
I'm so ashamed  of  the pain  I've 
caused you and  the family. I  don't 
know  how to thank you  for letting me 
have my old job back."
	"You're welcome. And don't forget 
the pay is  the  same,  minimum  wage, 
less room  and board."
	"Yes  ma'am. That's so generous of 
you. I know  it's going  to probably 
take forever  to pay  you back, but I 
will work hard to do what I can."
	"I'm sure you will honey.  You 
should know that your room and  board 
cost more than I'm going  to pay you.  
So you really could never pay  it off.  
But I'll pardon the rest of your        
debt  when I think you've worked hard 
enough. Don't  get  me wrong,  it's 
going to be a  few years before I let 
you go."
	"I understand ma'am."
     "And  by the way, you haven't 
forgot  that Carla will be waiting to go 
over your demerits you left behind?"
 	"No  I haven't.  I fully understand 
that I must  be punished when I've done 
wrong, and  I must   accept   my   
responsibility   to be        
disciplined  by those that are my  
superiors. By the way, I have a present 
for you and her.  A set of riding crops 
and oiled English canes. See,  they both  
have your initials  burnished in."
	"That's  so thoughtful. They're 
lovely and very practical gifts.  I hope 
you aren't going to  be  surprised that  
I'll want to use mine pretty soon."
	"No ma'am.  I expected you and 
Carla would want to jump on me right 
away. I expected and deserve it for all 
the trouble I've caused you both.  I'm 
ready to accept my punishment. My         
ass belongs to you and Carla, mother, 
and I'll never forget that."
	"That's  good  dear.   It appears  
Un-male really  has changed you.  Time 
will tell. By the way honey, the 
progress reports I got, and from what 
you've been telling me, indicate you         
feel  very comfortable  around black men  
now, and  know how to be handle their 
manly needs, with your womanly charms."
	"Oh  yes.  Un-male did an excellent 
job of setting   me   straight.    I   
realize the foolishness  of worrying 
about being called  a cocksucker and a 
faggot. I don't know what to think  now.  
If I'd  just listened to you  and         
accepted  the  naturalness  of what  
Russ and Baker  wanted  me  to  do, I  
really  could've  avoided  causing a lot 
of the fuss about them to.   But in a 
way, I'm glad it all  happened, because 
I'd probably not gotten involved with         
Un-male. I'm so  thankful I did. Thanks  
so much  mother for all you've done.   
Especially for  giving them time  off to 
visit me at  the camp."
	"You're  welcome of course. I 
thought  a little  taste of the hot 
black meat right here on  the estate 
would remind you of what you've         
got right at home and what you missed 
when you ran away."
	"Oh  thank  you  again  mother.   
The two darlings  were  so  wonderful to 
me each  time they  came. They worked 
their hard-ons off  in me so good and 
gave me all their cum each time         
they dropped in."
	"I  know  dear.  They told me  
everything, including how the Camp had 
you responsible for maid   service  to  
eight  black  construction workers    in   
one of the Camp's mini dormitories."
	"That was wonderful training for me 
having to  clean  up  after  them, serve  
them their meals, and be on call 24 
hours  for their sexual  needs.  It was 
tiring at times, but so delightful to be 
around such real men."
	"Baker  was really touched by your 
apology for  refusing to suck him off 
the second time after  he mouth raped 
you, that is before  you ran away."
	"I  tried to let him know that I 
was just ignorant  and dumb then.  I did 
like the taste of  his hot gooey sperm 
the first time he made me suck him, but 
I was too shamed to admit it, even  to 
myself.  I can't thank him enough for         
him exposing me to such a delightful  
new experience in my life."
    
	I continued to listened at the two talked as I made 
notes on this situation that seem to have a slightly 
different twist than some of the other stories I'd picked up 
on.  The Mother-in-law and son-in-law sat there until an Un-
male official, who turned out to be the chaperone, came out 
with some papers for both to sign, after which the sissified 
son-in-law did a deep curtsy to his tough looking woman 
chaperone and left with his masterful looking Mother-in-law.
	The Un-male Center was really a beehive of activity. I 
later found out that the Society was bringing several 
busloads of trainees from near by training camps, as well as 
seeking new recruits.
	Seeking out more input to my story as well as trying to 
pick up on the stories of others, I continued to roam around 
the huge garden atrium keeping my ears perked.
	When I spotted another older woman, younger man, couple 
in a secluded area of artificial trees. I immediately went 
in their direction. The young man looked to be in his early 
twenties and was remarkably fair and attractive in a 
sissyish sort of way.  He wore a beautifully bright floral 
pattern skirt and coordinating jacket, and a pink sheer see 
through blouse.  His pink colored make up, including
lipstick and eye shadow was very light but was definitely 
noticeable.  His hair style was masculine and provided an 
interesting contrast to the apparent natural softness of his 
bodily features.  His legs were very feminine and shapely 
and were well accented both by the light pink hosiery and 
the low heel flats he wore.  The nearest seat was farther 
away than I wanted to be, but it afforded me a good view and
reasonable audibility to their conversation.

  	"You're mommie's little  baby  and 
you shouldn't be ashamed of that.  
That's all  she meant  when the  
counselor said you were  the `cutest  
mama's boy she'd seen'.  Don't be so 
sensitive. You must learn to accept 
compliments  graciously. Shirley and I  
only have   your  best  interest  at  
heart. And after all, she's practically  
your fiancee anyway. I just  hope she 
doesn't change her mind about marrying  
you after  this  little  stunt of 
yours."
	"Me  marry her!  I've never asked 
her to marry  me.   I-I do love her, but  
we're j-just sort of special friends.  
Clay is her  real boyfriend and lover.  
`Her real man' is what she calls him."
	"I  know all that, but she's talked 
to me about  marrying you.  She's asked 
me for your hand  baby.  She wanted  to 
get my okay first and  then surprise 
you.  I reassured her you'd  make  a 
fine husband.  The one thing we  both         
agreed on was Un-male therapy for you 
prior to the  wedding.  It  would help 
you adjust more easily  to her 
profession, which in time she'd         
told  you about.  She frankly admitted 
you and Clay  seemed to hit it off so 
well, that there appeared  little for 
Un-male to do to aid  you in  adapting 
to him being the dominant male in the  
house and living  under his rule. Oh  
she did say you had some hang up about 
him knowing you  ate his jism  outta 
her, but she  thought you'd  soon get 
over  it.  And honey she  said Clay 
think you're a most wonderfully 
efficient housekeeper.  Honey that's 
what Un-male is all about  -  helping  
you to adapt and  make  a situation  
happier  when  there are things  in that  
situation  that  can't be changed,  only 
accepted.   And  you  know  what  those  
are. Weren't  the  speakers  and the 
counselors  so perceptive and 
knowledgeable?"
	"I'm  still not so sure about this 
Un-male
         training.  Please mother, don't 
make me go. I went through the 
introductory one hour seminar because  
you were going to whip me to death if I  
didn't agree to  go.  if I'd know you  
were  going  to make me  dress like 
this, I'd  taken  the  extra strapping.  
I've never come out  in the   public  
wearing  my  punishment  dresses before.  
Please!  Please don't sign me up  for 
this.  Can  we leave?   I don't want to  
be a transvestite."
	"Hush now!  You're going and that's 
that.         Besides, there's a first 
time for every thing.         You  do 
look so  pretty.  Too pretty for  your         
own  good.  And  anyway, you've seen how  
many         others came dressed in 
their finery.  It's not         like  
you're standing out in the crowd alone.         
Try  to  be  sensible and mature about  
this.         After all,  it's your 
fault for being where you         could  
get abducted and mugged.  You knew  you         
were  suppose to come straight home from 
work,         like  you usually do and 
not stray.  It's just         lucky  
that  those  two  were spotted by  the         
police   when  they  took  you  in  that 
old         warehouse.   It's lucky, 
that nice policewoman         called  
home to get your zip code.  Otherwise,         
I  knew you'd try to hide it from me.  I  
knew         right   then  and  there  
that  your   Un-male         training  
couldn't  wait. Your behavior  shows         
that  you need what  they have to offer.   
You         just don't know how angry I 
was at you."
	"I ... I'm sorry I ..."
       "Don't say anything!  I know you're 
sorry. That's  why I waited to see if you were  
going to tell me about your little adventure, 
before I  pounced on you.  After you lied to me 
after I gave you two chances to tell me the 
truth, I  knew that I just had to punish you 
like I did. I  know that thrashing hurt.  I 
meant it to. I wanted to make sure you 
remembered why you got it.   You're  getting  to 
the place where  you  need  a strong woman  like 
Shirley and a  real    man  like Clay to 
keep you in line.   Besides,  remember 
what Shirley said about you not being   
ready  for marriage  until you became  
Un-male   trained?"
	"I  know, I know.   But I didn't 
know she ...  she was a prostitute with 
black Johns and that  ... that Clay was 
her pimp, not just her boyfriend."
	"You told me you do love her didn't 
you?"
	"Uh,  yes, but I didn't know that 
... that she  was white trash and ... 
and a tramp  for black  men.  And ... 
And you introduced her to me at that ... 
a-as a nice girl."
	"She  is dear.  So what if she's a  
whore for  black  men darling  - I'd 
consider that an honor.  You know you 
love her, and I know you like  sucking  
her  dripping wet  jism  loaded ...       
	"She ... she told you that?"
	"Of  course she  did honey.  And 
she said  you  were a real good pussy 
sucker too.  After all, I taught you how 
to suck cunt, remember?"
	"Mother   please,  don't  talk  so  
loud. Someone might overhear you."
	"Honey  there's  nothing  wrong  
with you liking the taste of used cunt 
that's full of a black  man's spermy 
leavings.  At this center, Un-males 
gladly boast of their desire for such         
a  delicacy.  Didn't you overhear the  
Un-male husband  in the elevator talking 
proudly about his  new  bride  of  six  
months  turning  her hundredth different 
trick for their `new black husband'  and 
how the taste of her cunt seems to  
improve each time she gets laid.  
Couldn't you just see the gleam of         
pride in his eyes as he talked.  And  
here you are  with a ripened fleshpot 
that's been shot off  in  by  over a 
thousand  different  black dicks.   I 
bet there're plenty Un-males around         
here  who'd  be  green  with envy at  
you  for having  the chance to have the 
love of a woman like  Shirley, who  
could share her self  with you after she 
works the streets each night."
 	"Oh  mother.  She ... she does 
taste good,  but  ... but I ... I didn't 
even know that it was  jism I was suc 
... sucking ... the first time."
	"The first time?"
	"She  ...  She  tricked  me.   
She'd  been sprinkling perfume around 
her ... her self, to cover  the smell.  
I-it was about a  month ago  that she 
didn't use the perfume.  It  was         
then  that I  discovered what I'd been  
eating...  ur,  doing.  After   a  few  
moments of tasting her and being able to 
sniff her fully, I knew what was going 
one.  I ... I got angry.
	Her  explanation was simple.  She 
told me that we both knew I was only 
good at sucking pussy, not  fucking it.    
I guess I couldn't  blame her  for 
saying that.  Y-you see,  just         
like you'd told me would happen, I-I 
tried to  have regular intercourse with 
her  before, but  it  was a  dismal 
failure. S-she so warm a-and wet I-I        
couldn't hold back long enough to please 
her. Her  pussy was so  beautiful and 
plump and  so hairy  and well  shaped.  
So, er, just liked  you'd taught  me, I 
asked  her nicely if I could  do         
her  orally.  She  eagerly agreed and 
told  me  that it was so nice for me to 
treat a lady like that.
	   As  I     knelt  before her parted shapely white 
thighs    and  stared into her beautiful hairy crotch, I         
wanted  to tongue her so badly.  I ... I guess    she reminded 
me of your beautiful pussy."
	"Why  thank you honey.  That's so nice  of  you  to 
say such  a nice thing about  mommie.
But go on, tell me more."
	"Well,  we both  enjoyed this way so  much         
better, that's all we did from then on.  She'd  be  was nice 
enough  to jerk me off after  I'd  eaten  her  out, or  else 
she'd have me do  it  myself  as I knelt in front of her.  I 
didn't feel  any  shame about  doing that in  ...  in  front of 
her.  She was so understanding."
	"She is darling.  She'd be a fine wife for  you.   But  
don't stop,  tell me more of  what  happened after you got 
angry, cutie pie."
	"Oh  mother, I  wish you wouldn't call  me         
that."
             "Why not dear, you are you know.  I always         
thought  you  should've  been a girl.  But  go   ahead with 
what you were going to say."
	"Where was I ... Oh yes.  She also told me         I  
was an excellent  cunt sucker too, and  how  she  enjoyed 
me  mouthing her.  Even though  I  was  still  angry at  
being tricked by her,  I  enjoyed  hearing her say that.  She 
went on to  say  that after a girlfriend told her how much
         better  it was to have her loaded cunt sucked,
         she  decided  to try  it on me.  She said  she
         thought of the perfume it at the last minute.
         She  even told me of how she used a pussy plug
         to  keep Clay's jism in her for me and how she
         pretended  to  use a  basting bulb to fill  her
         cunt  with  the  imaginary  secret  juice  she
         claimed  to be filling herself with.  She said
         once  she felt the juices being pulled out  of
         her  by  my sucking  mouth, she knew that  she
         didn't  want it any other way.  She then  told
         me  that I knew  she was having sex  regularly
         with  Clay - which I  did - and that he and  I
         seem  to hit it off so well whenever the three
         of  us were together that she wanted us to  be
         even closer.  `What would be a better way than
         for  me to bring  to our love making, some  of
         the result of the wonderful love making he and
         I  had shared.  He doesn't suck pussy darling,
         so  it had to be you that was the eater.'   It
         was  strange,  but  the way she expressed  her
         self  seem to extinguish my anger.  I couldn't
         dispute her logic.  We talked for a long while
         about this.  She let me know that she loved us
         both,  but in different ways.  `He's my  stud,
         my  real man and  you, well you're my  sweetie
         and  good to have  around.  I want you  around
         darling to be sweet to me like you've been."
	         What  she  said  deflated my feeling about  me
         thinking  I  had an  edge on winning her  over
         Clay,  but being realistic  I knew that I  too
         wanted  to be around her too, and ... and if I
         had  to, I guess I knew I'd do almost anything
         for her to grant me that privilege.  She told
         me  that  Clay thought  a lot of me because  I
         didn't appear to show any prejudice because he
         was  black.   She  also  said he  didn't  feel
         threatened  of me when he saw me at her  place
         doing   her   laundry  or  cleaning   up   her
         apartment.   She  told  me  he  didn't  really
         suspect  or know she  and I were having  sex.
         She told me she also thought it was nice of me
         not to be critical of her dating a black man.
         I told her I thought a lot of her and wished I
         could be more of a man to her than I was. `You
         can be darling.  You can be the man I want you
         to  be by coming over here and finish what you
         started.'  Startled by what she said, I looked
         at  her  questioningly  as  she sat  back  and
         opened  her thighs invitingly.  She'd revealed
         that  she'd been holding her pussy lips so  as
         not  to lose any more of the cum in her.   She
         told  me she knew I liked the taste of  Clay's
         cum.  `C'mon you know you want it honey. C'mon
         and  do me.'  I  did want her.  Her beauty  as
         she  sat there in that position, made me hard.
         As  I knelt before her and drew closer to her
         musky  bush,  I  asked   if  she  forgot   the
         perfume.   `No  darling,  I stopped using  the
         perfume,  because  I  wanted you to  know  and
         taste  the full natural flavor and aroma of me
         after  I've had sex with a real men.'  She had
         the  strangest look in  her eyes as she  spoke
         and  then grabbed the back of my head with her
         free  hand  and pulled  my face into her  warm
         hairy  wet slick odorous smelling snatch.  The
         smell was strong, but like she said I would, I
         quickly  got use to it and concentrated on the
         savory taste of her warm soft hairy flesh.  It
         did  taste even  more flavorful than with  the
         perfume  present.  I must've lapped and sucked
         on  her for over a half-hour. She got off with
         a most rousing orgasm.  She was tastier than I
         ever  would've thought.  She was so pleased at
         my efforts.  So was I mother.  Every time I get
         her off like that I feel like I've really done
         something."
             "You  did honey.  You should feel proud of
         yourself.  Tell me what happened next in your
         relationship?"
             "Well,  I continued to have oral sex  with
         her,  the way she wanted.  I not only got  use
         to  the gamy smell of her used cunt, but  even
         excited  by it as  I inhaled the smell of  her
         deeply as she opened her legs and I pressed my
         face  to her reeking love nest.  She even  sat
         on  my face several times working her cunt all
         over  my mouth.  She really liked doing that.
         I  ...  I  just  had no idea she  was  messing
         around  with so many  men.  I thought it  only
         Clay."
             "Honey  I  keep  telling  you  that's  not
         important.   What's important is that you love
         her  and  you liked  what you were  being  fed
         sweetie.   Did you feel closer to Shirley  and
         Clay?"
             "Uh, yes I did.  I had a sort of hard time
         looking  him  in the  face when we talked.   I
         kept  wondering all the time if he knew  about
         me  eating his cum, but I trusted her that she
         kept her word."
             "You  felt shame of him knowing you  liked
         eating his peter cream didn't you sweetie?"
             "Oh  Yes.  I  was so embarrassed, but  ...
         but yet I ... I did like him a great deal.   I
         found  him to be  a nice guy.  I told  Shirley
         one  day I felt guilty about what was going on
         behind Clay's back.  She suggested we tell him
         so  it'd all be in the open and there'd be  no
         more  guilt and the three of us would be three
         happy friends enjoying each others friendship,
         companionship, and love."
             "Well,  what happened? Did you or her tell
         him?"
             "No, I got cold feet.  I was still worried
         about my self esteem as a man.  She said she'd
         let  me make the decision.  Well as you  know,
         two days later I was still pondering this when
         I  was  over  at  the magazine shop  on  Dugan
         Avenue  and I saw Clay letting Shirley out  to
         work  the corner.  I didn't know that area was
         a  red light district.  It .. was right  after
         she drove off in a car with four big black men
         that  these two men came up behind me as I was
         getting  in the car.  They forced me to  drive
         to ... to the warehouse."
             Instead of spying on people, you should've
         been  bringing your cute little self home like
         you were suppose to.  The policewoman said the
         muggers  seem  to  have other things  in  mind
         other  than  robbery.   Were  they  trying  to
         molest  my  baby?   That's why I checked  your
         bottom, they didn't rape you did they?"
             "No! ... No ma'am. They just threatened me
         if I didn't give them all my money."
             "That's  good, I didn't want them to  take
         your cherry, you should save that for the real
         man you want to take you sweetie."
             "Please  mother!  Don't  say  things  like
         that.  You know it upsets me."
             "Watch  your  tone  of voice  cutie  pie.
         That's  another  reason  why I spanked you  so
         hard  dear, I didn't like your attitude  about
         all this."
             "I  ... I apologize mother.  I didn't mean
         to  speak roughly, but I'm 25 years old.  Do I
         have to ask your permission still just to stop
         off at a magazine shop on the way home?"
               "Yes  baby  you  do.  Don't  you  worry,
         mommie  will tell  you when you're old  enough
         not to ask.  And that was a smut store anyway.
         You  shouldn't have been in that part of  town
         anyway  and especially not without  permission
         from  me.  You  were suppose to come  straight
         home  from  work.   You were  disobedient  and
         that's  that.  By the way, how's your bottom?
         Does it still sting?"
             "It still ache mother.  I still don't know
         why  you  gave me  such a thrashing.  I ...  I
         just forgot to call."
             "The  truth is you didn't want me to  know
         about  those girlie magazines you bought.   And
         if  you don't watch  your tone of voice,  I'll
         give  you  a  little  touch  of what  you  got
         earlier   right here.  I brought  my  favorite
         little  strap just in case you got unruly.  Do
         you want me to use it?"
             "Oh no!  Please, no ma'am.  I'm sorry if I
         said something in the wrong way."
             "That's  better.   Remember  your   place,
         understand?"
             "Yes ma'am. I ... I will."
             "Look,  here comes Shirley and Clay,  look
         she's  got on her street clothes.  Doesn't she
         look so attractive in that micro mini dear?  I
         bet she gets all the tricks she can handle."
             "Hi Paula.  I'm so glad you called me. Is
         our  baby  okay?.   Are  you  all right  Leslie
         honey? Did they rough you up?"
             "I  ..  I'm  okay.   I was just  a  little
         scared."

=====
    As a reader of this report I'm sure you find this turn of events
just as interesting as others I've written about in these pages.
    It was so interesting to essentially meet all the key players
currently in this Un-males current primary circle of acquaintances.  I
continued to listen as Shirley, the white trash whore, sought to
question and find out how Leslie, her lesser lover was and admonished
him for spying on her as well as putting his cute self in danger.
Clay also jumped in and rebuked the cringing Leslie about spying on
Shirley and being naughty and not `minding his mama'.  Clay stood
over the smaller pale mollycoddled pampered Leslie.  His booming
voice added to Leslie's humiliation as the three literally surrounded
him - Clay in front and Shirley and his mother on either side of him
as he sat flushed and almost on the verge of tears.  He seemed to be
constantly apologizing to first one then the other in the group. The
next time the three went around the circle with their further
reprimands and chiding him for his actions, his sniffles and tears
could be heard as well as seen by me.  Clay escorted the flustered
teary eyed Un-male nominee to the door of a nearby `powder rooms' for
Un-males.  The Center had rest rooms for men and women also.  The two
women remained and talked.

    
             "Thanks  so much for coming down  Shirley.
         The counselors says if they keep him for a few
         days,  she  can  almost guarantee  him  coming
         around  to  our  way of thinking  completely.
         After  she questioned him and ran him  through
         some  basic psychological tests. She told me a
         lot  of  what  I  already  knew.   She   first
         complimented  on  the excellent home  training
         I'd  provided him, making him have respect for
         female superiority, as well as that of looking
         up  to  black  men  as  examples  of  superior
         manliness.    I   was  tickled  pink  at   her
         comments.   It's so hard for a mother to raise
         their  children the right way these days.  But
         let  me tell you  what you want to hear.    He
         does  love  you madly  and he respects Clay  a
         great  deal.  The counselor says she thinks he
         looks  up  to  Clay as a  superior   authority
         figure - the best kind of attitude she added -
         and   under   the  right  circumstances   will
         probably do whatever it takes to please you or
         Clay."
             "What  did she  say about him finding  out
         about  my  hustling  having an effect  on  his
         training and our relation.?"     
             "Oh here she come now, let her tell you."
             "Ms.  Strong, please meet my hopeful son's
         fiancee,  Shirley.   The  handsome black  stud
         over  there waiting on  Leslie to come out  of
         the  powder room is Clay, soon to be the  real
         man in his life."

    as Ms. Strong the counselor joined the two women, their voices
became somewhat lower, but I was able to pick up enough to determine
what they were discussing.  The counselor had evidently seen Shirley
and Clay arrive.  She saw Leslie go to the powder room and quickly
arranged for two of the Un-males in her office to meet him there and
pretend they were they were envious of him and wish they could be in
his place to have the opportunity, in her words "to suck such
handsome black cock and sweet pretty slutty cunt."
    The three women sort of giggled after that.  They had a much more
serious conversation after that.
    I didn't hear everything they said, but it appeared that the
counselor wanted Clay and Leslie to spend some time together.  She
was going to arrange them to have a place, while she pretended to
talk with the two women.  I clearly picked up her telling Shirley to
tell Clay that he should openly exhibit his genitals while they're
alone.

             "Tell   Clay   to  gently,   but   firmly,
         encourage  Leslie to handle and caress  Clay's
         penis.  Have him constantly remind Leslie that
         because he's so cute and attractively dressed,
         that  he made him get a hard-on.  Our thinking
         is  that if Clay can do this, Leslie's  latent
         feminine  inclinations and acquired taste  for
         hot  semen,  combined  with Clay's  persistent
         encouragement  and reassurance that he, as the
         superior authority figure has  respect for him
         because  he likes and has eaten several  loads
         of jism from your cunt, will lead to your son,
         Ms.  Baxter, and your Un-male fiance  Shirley,
         sucking  his first cock and swallowing a  nice
         hot  load  tonight.   If this does happen,  he
         will be more amenable to willingly coming back
         to  Un-male and going ahead willingly with the
         marriage you both desire for him.  If for some
         reason  this little ploy doesn't work out, I'd
         recommend  we keep him overnight to start  his
         therapy."
             "So  Ms.  Strong  you're saying that  he's
         been  able to accept me for what I am, but has
         been  concerned what Clay thinks about him for
         enjoying eating me out?."
             "Exactly.   His  natural  guilt for  being
         inferior  to black males caused him to  almost
         forgive  you as soon as he determined what you
         were  doing on the  corner and saw you get  in
         the  car  with  your  four black  tricks  this
         afternoon.  I must add Shirley that because he
         was   able  to  see  the  whole   scene   this
         afternoon, his doing so ended up as a nurturing
         experience  for  his  transition  into  a  new
         lifestyle with you."
             "How's that?"
             "He  told  me  in the counseling  session,
         when  we  were alone,  that he saw  the  black
         studs  gather  around  and feel and grope  you
         while  Clay appeared to be showing you off and
         encouraging them to inspect the `merchandise'.
         When he saw you also urging the group of horny
         men  on by guiding their hands to your exposed
         bosom  and fondling their crotches, he  didn't
         exactly  say so, but he implied strongly,  you
         must liked doing what you do, and that, and as
         a result, he was required to accept this if he
         loved you."
             "Our baby is so sweet isn't he?"
             "He  sure  is  Shirley.  He'll make you  a
         fine  Un-male spouse.   One that both You  and
         the men in your life will enjoy.  But the real
         credit  has  got to  go to you Ms. Baxter  for
         recognizing  what  your  son needed early  and
         raising  such a  sweet sissified son with  all
         the  proper training. He wears women's clothes
         so   naturally.    Again   you've   done    an
         outstanding job.  Er, here they come Shirley.
         You take Clay off to the side and tell him our
         plan, while Ms. Baxter and I distract Leslie.
         When  you bring Clay  over, then I'll take  he
         and Leslie to a group of special waiting rooms
         that  are  designed  for privacy and just  the
         purpose  we have in  mind.  Of course we'll  be
         able  to watch the  action on a monitor in  my
         office.  Okay, everybody ready?"

    It was at this point that Ms. Strong's plan was put into action.
The unsuspecting Leslie was led off.  Clay had a supportive arm
around transvestited Leslie, who didn't seem to mind the strong black
man's presence.  Shirley and Paula, his mother remained where they
were.  I could barely hear their conversation due to the rising noise
level in the atrium due to the growing number of people coming and
going.

             "He does look so pretty all dressed up and
         with  Clay holding his arm. He doesn't seem to
         mind Clay doing that either."   
             "No  Paula  he  doesn't, and just look  at
         that subtle womanly twitch he has as he walks.
         Thanks  for  giving  me his hand  in  marriage
         Paula.   I'm going to really enjoy having  him
         married to me."
             "Did  Clay  have  any questions about  Ms.
         Strong's little plot?"
             "Oh no!  He was all for it.  He told me he
         adores  Leslie  all  dressed up like this  and
         would even try to kiss Leslie's pretty lips if
         our baby will let him."
             "I hope they do, that would be so sweet to
         see."
             "Clay is sweet like that.  He doesn't have
         any  hang ups about treating cute sissies  and
         fags like a women and being a man to them."
             "And  that  reminds  me.  I'm so  thankful
         those   thugs   didn't  get  his  cherry.    I
         inspected  him  while  I  held  him  down  and
         whipped him last night.  I'm sure a little bit
         longer  and they might've abused him.   that's
         why I was so severe with him."
             "And rightfully so.  Clay has been looking
         forward  to being the first to break our  baby
         in  and bust his nuts deep in him.  Clay  told
         me  from the first day he saw him that  Leslie
         was built for fucking."
             "And  as a mother, I'm tickled pink that a
         real  man like Clay  wants to do the  honors.
         Er, is that Ms. strong coming there?"
             "It is."
             "Ms.  Baxter, Shirley, they're  situated.
         We can go up to my office and watch the show.
         We'll watch them a couple of hours before
         we  determine if our strategy has a chance  of
         working.   By the way, the two Un-males on our
         staff  who I sent to meet Leslie in the powder
         room,  told me he ate up the praise they  gave
         him  about  being so  lucky.  When one of  the
         Un-males  said  that  he bet Shirley had  been
         laid only a few hundred times cause she didn't
         look  like  she'd  been a whore  long,  Leslie
         proudly  told the two that `She's been screwed
         by over a thousand different black studs'.  He
         told  them that you  were his fiancee and  had
         planned  to be wedded  in June.  They said  he
         gladly  told them how delicious your  seasoned
         pussy was."
             "Oh  that  makes  me  feel  so  good   Ms.
         Strong."
             "There's more Shirley.  When my two plants
         inquired about how well Clay was hung, he once
         again beamed with pride as he described Clay's
         ebony  love  tool.   When one of the  staffers
         asked  him did his fiancee's stud let him suck
         it  often.  He  sheepishly admitted,  that  he
         hadn't  done it yet.   The two chided him  for
         not  having  done so  and told him  that  they
         couldn't  believe  he'd  not done  so.   Other
         Un-males  in  the  powder room did  the  same,
         which increased the intensity of peer shame on
         Leslie.   Someone  even  gave him one  of  our
         quick   guide  phamplets  on  MOUTH  TO  PENIS
         TECHNIQUES   FOR   Un-males,  before  my   two
         staffers   could  get  their's  out  of  their
         purses.  So I feel very positive about sending
         them to see him and what could happen tonight.
         Come  ladies,  lets  go  to my  office.   I've
         ordered some sandwiches for us."

    The three women walked away toward Ms. Strong's office.  I
discreetly followed them so that maybe later in the evening I could
glean how matters turned out.
    When they reached her offices I camped outside at a location that
I could see anyone coming or leaving.  I braced myself for at least a
two hours wait - the time that Ms. Strong was going to allow for
Leslie to make his move.        

===END: THE UN-MALE CHRONICLES:PART 2===

TO BE CONTINUED - LOOK FOR PART 3
