Dad's Randy 7 (incest, m/b,b/b)

(Author's Note: SURPRISE!  so many of you wanted the story to continue so it will, for how long  is unclear)


Chapter 21

I was dreaming. I lay in a hospital bed, light shown though the window. My chest wrapped in  bandages, IV bootles hung above me and ran down into my arms. Ricky was stting in a chair facing  me, holding my hand. He was crying mumbling over and over again "I'm sorry, I'm sorry"

THEN I WOKE UP. I WASN'T DREAMING!

He saw I was awake and his face lit up like a light bulb. He' so beautiful, I thought, then  immediately, he put me here, i should be so angry. But i couldn't. His smile and presence melted  any anger that i had. Loved bloomed in my chest again and I tried to reach for him. My arms were  too weak and the bandages restricting my movements but he understood. Gently wrapping his arms  around me, he buried his head in my neck, mumbling "it's my fault, it's all my fault"

Even in my weaken state, i once again felt alive, complete, whole! Turning my head, forcing him  to move, I puckered my lips wanting a kiss more than anything in the world. Testing, he gave me a  peck on the lips and pulled back. Seeing everything was ok, he moved in. His kiss was so gentle,  so loving. I opened my mouth and let his tongue enter. Our tongues danced
a ballet of love. I didn;t want the kiss to end,ever. He had come back to me again. My heart  soared. But was he here to stay? Even one day away from him had made me a crazy person. Then i  remembered. 

Shaking my head to break the kiss, he backed away stunned. "PLEASE RANDY, DON'T SEND ME AWAY. I  NEED YOU, I LOVE YOU MORE THAN ANYTHING IN THE WORLD! MORE THAN LIFE ITSELF!" he wailed, dropping  to his knees and covering his face with his hands. 

"Everything all right here" A nurse said, popping her head around the curtain. I just nodded and  she went away. 

"Ricky, sit down and tell me what happened"

Struggling into the chair, still sniffling, he told me how i came to be in the hospital and not a  coffin. After the bullets shatter the glass and hit me, the shop owner called 911. The cops and  the paramedics were there in minutes and rushed me to the  hospital. I had been shot in the  chest. The bullet punchured my lung and passed out my back without doing any other damage.
He jokingly said that i would make a great peephole for a front door. He thought that was  hilarious; i just smiled. 

He continued that minor surgery was necessary and that the doctors had stitched the entrance and  exit wound as well as the lung. I had been unconcious for three days which did not concern the  doctors. This, they said was "normal" because of the shock my body took. 

Continuing the story, He and Jackie were on their way to pick up some of her things at these  store when they heard the shooting. By the time they got there, the ambulance was rushing off.  Whe he heard it was me, he collapsed on the spot and wailing crocodile tears repeating over and  over again "My fault, My fault."

He paused again, looking at me for forgiveness. I wasn't ready to do that, yet even though every  part of my body said "Do it, forgive him" Instead, I gave the warmest smile i could muster. He  seem to accept it and continued the story.

My dad showed up and somehow got him home to our house and that my dad just held and rocked him  while he poured his heart out, telling my dad all the things that his father had done to him and  how he felt about it. They stayed that way late into the evening. He ended the story saying that  the next morning he was at my bedside and hadn't left since. I reached out my hand and he grabbed  it like a life perserver. 

I asked him what happened to Jackie. He relied" I don't know and i don't care. I want you, to  love and obey" He emphasised "obey." By now, it was dark outside. I had to forced him to go home.  He didn't want to leave my side. Finally, he gave in and left.

I had dozed off after Ricky left when i heard, "How you doin, champ". I was my dad, standing  beside the bed. He leaned down and kissed me, his tongue darting into my mouth. Believe it or  not, my dick jerked. I was so happy to see him that i started balling. He reached around me and  gently hugged me to his broad chest. I continued to wail until there were no tears left. He  gently lowered me back to the bed and with a voice filled with relief and admonishment, he  scolded me. i just smiled at him letting the emotion flow out of him. When he was finished, he  was smiling as broadly as i was.

Sitting down, he filled in some gaps. It turns out that the store owner was his new lover and  that next call after the police was to him. He had been here off and on for the last few days. He  went on to say that Ricky has alot of problems but he loved me so much that he contemplated  killing himself and i should give him some slack. 

I was shocked! The anger at Ricky lessened to be filled with love. 

Dad and I talked about my condition for the rest of the time he was there. Now that I was awake,  doctors would take the IV out of my arm and that I was to walk around to build up my strength. I  could even take a shower if i wanted. Shortly after that, he left. 

Laying there, i felt so lucky. I had two people who loved me. Then i fell asleep.


Chapter 22

When I woke up, Ricky was sitting in the chair next to my bed and the tubes were no longer in my  arm. Smiling, Ricky kissed me again with all the passion in his body. I kissed him back wrapping  my arms around him. Surprisingly, my dick tented my sheets. Seeing this Ricky, gigled and took me  in his mouth through the sheet. Slapping him on the head  I said "later, help me out of bed. I  need a shower."

When my feet hit the floor i expected to buckle. Instead i felt pretty strong and pushed Ricky's  helping hands away. Moving to the bathroom, the back of the hospital johnnie opened and Ricky  tickled my asshole, making me jump. In the bathroom, i took off the johnny and looked at the  stitches in my chest. They were an inch below my nipple and vertical. Ricky had started the  shower and was undressing. He had his back to me and as when he took his pants of i saw a tatoo  right above his crack. "Randy's Bitch" it said. We'll see about that, i thought.

Joining Ricky in the shower, he immediately started soaping my body. My dick was hard and so was  his. "So you're my bitch" I causally said. He dropped to him knees and looked up at me. 

"Open your mouth" and without hesitation, he did. Taking my dick in my hand, I pissed directly  into him mouth. He gulpped and swallowed as fast as he could. 

"I claim you as my bitch, my property, for now and forever. Your mouth, ass and cock are mine to  do with as i please. Do you accept?"

He just nodded, my urine hitting him on the forehead and eyes. 



To be continued!



WANT MORE OF MY STORIES? GO TO:
http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/TylerThane/




