
                    

Nerve Endings - 15
by DeeDee18 (deedeeo18@hotmail.com)

***

Angie and I tease Aunt Kay. Then we play with her on 
the couch in the den, late at night. (F/ff-teens, inc, 
voy)

***

We helped Mom get dinner ready, as we talked over the 
day with Aunt Kay. We left out the juicy parts, so Mom 
wouldn't know we had broken her rules against nudity 
and smutty activity in front of Kay.

Angie and I noticed Kay watching us, as we busied about 
the kitchen. We both would let her get little glimpses 
between the folds of our robes, by reaching high up for 
dishes without using the step stool, and bending from 
the waist to get stuff from the lower cabinets. By the 
time we sat down to eat, she was a nervous wreck, as 
she sat there twitching and squirming on her chair, 
trying to keep from having a huge orgasm.

Angie giggled, as she winked at me. I smiled back. I 
leaned over the table to get the butter, and my robe 
fell open just enough for Kay to get a good look at my 
extended nipples. I heard her gasp quietly, and mom 
looked over at her.

"Are you okay?" She asked.

"Yeah, I just choked a little on the lettuce." She 
sputtered.

Angie and I looked her in the eyes, and she shuddered 
slightly, as her eyes darted back and forth over our 
robes, which were now gaping in the front. She hugged 
herself, pretending she was a little chilly, sitting 
there in her own thin, really short robe. Her big 
nipples were standing out against the thin fabric, and 
Mom even noticed, as I saw her lick her lips nervously.

We teased Kay unmercifully throughout dinner. 

Then we really got to her, putting dishes in the 
dishwasher. As we both leaned over to place the plates 
and cups in the rack, our robes rode up, so she could 
see our cunt lips and smooth, white little buns. Of 
course we had to wiggle around, as we bent over, to let 
her see our cheeks flex, and tighten, and loosen.

I saw her shake, as she had an orgasm, sitting there, 
while trying to talk to Mom, and trying unsuccessfully 
not to gasp and jerk in her seat. We were having a 
ball, as Angie and I kept looking at each other, and 
grinning.

We went into the den to watch TV. Kay sat down on the 
couch and Mom sat in Dad's recliner. Angie and I 
plopped down on either side of Aunt Kay, and snuggled 
close. She held our hands and smiled at us.

"We had a great day, didn't we?" she asked.

We nodded and grinned. She grinned back, and we knew 
she was reliving, in her mind, the episode in the car. 
I could feel her pulse speed up, as we pushed in 
closer, so our naked legs were rubbing against hers. 
Her nipples were really sticking out now, and Angie and 
I just stared, as we both longed to suck on them.

She caught us ogling her breasts, and bent forward a 
little, so her robe gaped, and we could see all of them
and her rock hard nipples.

Now Angie and I were doing the squirming, and Aunt Kay 
was turning us on. My cunt was oozing moisture, and I 
saw Angie trying to keep her juices from running down 
her leg.

I wiggled a little, so my robe would open more, letting 
my Aunt get a glimpse of my hot little cunt lips. Angie 
did the same.

Mom looked at me, and shook her head sternly, and we 
both pulled our flaps closed.

"Remember what I said, girls, or you'll have to go up 
to your room."

"Yes, mom, we'll try to be good." We giggled, as I 
toyed with Kay's belt on her robe unconsciously.

*** 

Around midnight Angie and I kissed Mom and Kay 
goodnight, lingering as long as we could, drinking in 
each ones smell, and savoring the thrills running 
through our bodies from the nerve endings in our 
quivering lips. Kay sighed, when we pulled back from 
her gorgeous wide mouth, and she was shaking from the 
same sensations coursing through her large nipples, as 
we intentionally rubbed ours against hers, while 
hugging her.

I knew exactly how she was feeling, as shock waves 
raced through me, and my cunt exploded as the orgasm 
hit me. Kay held me, as I panted in her ear, and gasped 
softly, and my cunt clenched, over and over. 

Angie grabbed my hand and pulled me up the stairs, then 
threw me on the bed, tore open our robes, and shoved 
her clit hard against mine, as she came, gasping and 
shuddering.

"God, Jan, I was so turned on. My cunt just kept 
dripping, and I kept rubbing my robe between my legs, 
so your mom wouldn't see me flooding the couch.. Your 
Aunt is sooo hot! I'd love to shove my big clit between 
her gold pubic curls, and hump her until she screams." 

"I know. I was having orgasms from just looking down 
her robe at those huge nipples, just dying to be sucked 
and jerked. 

"Oh god, Ang, here it comes again. Unh, oh, oh, unh! 
Keep shoving that big clit in! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Unh, 
unh, unh, oh god! I can't stand this. I'm cumming 
again!!"

Angie humped up and down on my clit. She shoved her 
tongue deep into my mouth, and groaned, as she too went 
over the top, and clung to me, as the spasms ran 
through her jerking little body.

The contractions slowly eased, as we gasped for air, 
and fondled each other. Then we drifted off, with Angie 
firmly nestled still between my legs, with her big clit 
buried between my sopping, swollen cunt lips. 

*** 

The moon was full, and was shining through the window 
as bright as day, when I awoke about two hours later. 
Angie stirred, and snuggled harder against me, as I 
hugged her cute little body tight.

Then I heard a sound from downstairs like someone 
panting. I shook Angie gently, until she opened her 
green eyes, and looked into mine inquiringly. I 
whispered, "Listen. Do you hear something?"

She raised her head up, and we stared into each others 
eyes, as we strained to hear what was going on. Then we 
heard another little gasp, and a quiet moan. 

"Let's go check it out," I whispered, as we slowly 
slipped off the bed and tiptoed to the door. We 
listened again and we heard another moan, and then 
another gasp. We looked at each other in the moonlight 
and grinned, as we slowly crept down the stairs, 
holding hands. 

We edged around the corner and peeked into the den, 
where the sounds seemed to be coming from. 

I looked at Angie again, and suddenly realized we were 
stark naked. She read my mind and squeezed my hand, 
then reached over and tugged on one of my nipples, 
pulling it out from my now goose bump covered breast. I 
jerked, as a little gasp escaped my lips, and Angie 
giggled quietly. I put my finger up to my lips to shush 
her, and we tiptoed further into the den.

Evidently Aunt Kay had opened the sliding glass doors 
to cool the room because the moon was shining so 
bright we could see her clearly, lying on the couch. 
She was lying with her head toward us, so she couldn't 
see us, as we snuck closer.

Angie held my hand tight, as we heard another soft 
moan, and then a sharp gasp come from the couch. We 
crept slowly closer until we were right by the arm of 
the couch, and we trembled as we stared at the scene 
before our eyes.

Aunt Kay was lying there covered by a white sheet just 
barely over her nipples. We could clearly see motion 
under the sheet where she was moving her hand up and 
down between her legs. 

We peered over the arm at her face. Her mouth was open 
and she was panting softly as she was apparently 
finger fucking her cunt.

Angie gripped my hand as I squeezed back. We moved 
closer together so our hips were touching. I let go of 
Angie's hand and slid mine down over her belly button 
and into her little cunt lips. She tensed, and then 
reached down to my clit, and began to rub lightly, as 
shock waves ran up my body to my rigid nipples.

As we watched, Kay slowly pulled the sheet further 
down until it fell off the tips of her breasts, and we 
shook as we stared at her big beautiful mounds. She 
was moaning a little louder now, as she continued to 
work on her clit under the sheet. Then she raised one 
knee and forced the sheet clear off her body, and it 
fell to the carpet.

Both of us twitched as we stared in awe at Kay's 
awesome body, now shimmering in the moonlight. We could 
see her fingers were buried deep in her cunt, as her 
thumb caressed her clit between her lips. She panted, 
louder and louder, with each stroke of her flying 
fingers as she writhed on the couch.

We were fingering each other in time to her rhythm and 
our hips were jerking back and forth against each 
other, as we clenched our teeth and bit back the pants 
and moans trying to escape from our throats. 

Aunt Kay was jerking her hips in the air as she 
panted, "Unh, unh, unh, unh, oh, oh, oh, unh, unh, oh 
God that feels soo good. Unh, unh, oh, oh, oh Jan. Oh 
Angie. Oh please fuck me; please fuck me, you sexy 
little sluts. Oh God, eat me. And shove your fingers up 
my ass, and fuck me. Harder! Harder! Harder! Oh god, 
I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna cum! Oh, oh, unh, unh, oh, 
Gaaaawd!".

Her body thrashed around as she jerked and bucked on 
her fingers and yanked her big nipples up into the 
air.

When Angie and I heard her call out our names we 
gasped, and orgasms ran through our now shaking little 
bodies, as we fingered each other furiously in our 
dripping wet little cunts. We came as we moaned and 
grabbed our tits and cunts hard. Our sounds were easily 
drowned out by the gasps and groans coming from the 
couch.

Once again my Aunt brought herself over the top, and we 
came with her until my legs were trembling so hard that
I thought I would topple over if Angie ever let go.

*** 

Then it was over. Silence returned, and we saw Kay pull 
the sheet up over her tits, and then snuggle into the back 
of the couch. 

We silently snuck back out of the den, and then tiptoed 
back up the stairs to my room. We slid quietly into the 
bed, and hugged each other tight as we trembled, 
thinking about what we had just witnessed.

"That was something else." Angie whispered, as she slid 
her tongue into my ear and panted softly, while 
grinding her leg up between mine.

I jerked, and panted back, "God wasn't it? She was so 
sexy, with her legs spread wide, and her hand buried 
deep into her blonde cunt. I'll never forget that for 
as long as I live."

"How about this? Will you forget this?"

"OH, God, Angie, you're killing me. I'm cumming again," 
I hissed into her ear, as my cunt burned, and my 
nipples ached.

"Let's go get her, and bring her up here, okay?"

"Mom would kill us."

"Not if she never finds out. And I really don't think 
Kay would ever tell."

"No, that's probably true. You really want to fuck 
her?"

"What do you think, my little horn dog? You want her as 
much as I do, don't you? Say it. Or I'll fuck you until 
you orgasm again, right now."

"You win. Okay, let's do it. Shall we both go?"

"Why not fuck her in the family room?"

"Shit, Angie, my mom would hear us, and probably throw 
us all out in the street."

"Come on. We can be quiet, and it would be even wilder 
knowing your mom could catch us fucking her sister." 

"Oh, God, I'm dripping badly here. I'm so hot just 
thinking about it. Let's go."

So we retraced our earlier steps until we were peering 
down at my gently snoring, sexy looking, Aunt. I shook 
her shoulder gently, and she opened her eyes in alarm, 
as I signaled, "Sshhh." with my finger to my lips. She 
raised her eyebrows when she realized we were standing 
by her, totally naked.

"What's going on?" she whispered, as her eyes flew up 
and down our sexy little bodies.

"We want to fuck you, right here."

She sat up quickly, and stared at us. "Are you playing 
with me again, like you were doing all evening?"

"We're really sorry about that. We just can't help 
teasing you, you are so yummy," I giggled softly.

Angie sat down on the couch so her leg was against 
Kay's, and ran her hand up and down her arm. I sat down 
on the other side and did the same, as Kay looked back 
and forth between us. Then I pulled my knees under me, 
raised up and leaned over and gently brushed my Aunt's 
lips with my hungry tongue. My breasts were against her 
arm as my stiff nipples pushed into her skin.

She jerked as if I had shocked her. She began to 
tremble as I slid my lips over her panting mouth and 
sucked gently on her lower lip. I reached up and 
kneaded her firm breasts, around and around, teasingly, 
getting closer to her swollen nipples with each 
circuit. 

Angie meantime was pulling the sheet off, and running 
her fingers over Kay's stomach, inching down toward her 
blonde, neatly shaved cunt. Angie whispered, as I 
tugged on Kay's nipples, "Jan, she has a ring in her 
clit." I looked down and sure enough, she had a pretty 
gold ring through a pierced hole in her pink clit.

"Alright, Aunt Kay," I whispered in her ear, as I ran 
my tongue in and out, and blew softly. Angie and I had 
her arms pinned to her sides, as we pinched, and 
probed, and sucked on her tits, and bit her nipples. 

She laid her head back, and her mouth was hanging open, 
as she panted faster and faster under our exploring 
hands. Angie slowly slid her big tongue down over Kay's 
tummy ring, and then knelt between her legs, and pushed 
them wide. Leaning her face closer she touched Kay's 
clit lightly, as she flicked her fat tongue back and 
forth.

Kay was moaning louder so I put my hand over her lips, 
and she began to lick my hand, and suck on it. That 
caused me to jerk and I groaned in her ear.

As Angie slowly worked her tongue into Kay's cunt, I 
felt my Aunt shuddering more and more, the deeper Angie 
went. Then she cried out, as Angie's upper lip caressed 
her clit, and her tongue fucked in and out of the pink 
cavity of her cunt.

Kay reached down and pulled Angie's head in tighter as 
she moved her hips up and down, and fucked harder, and 
harder, on Angie's tongue. She was panting and moaning, 
and going, "Unh! Unh! Unh!" into my hand, as I pressed 
it even harder against her lips to keep her quiet.

I pulled my Aunts nearest leg over and slid my leg 
between hers so I could hump her thigh, with my 
swollen cunt lips spread, and my clit rubbing up and 
down her smooth skin. God that felt awesome! I was 
going crazy, with my nerve endings pinging on and off 
in my clit from the friction. I humped, faster and 
faster, as Aunt Kay jerked between my legs, and pumped 
her thigh up and down. Moisture, flowing out of my 
cunt, ran down her leg.

I shoved my fingers into my heaving Aunt's mouth and 
she sucked hungrily as she came.

She bucked up off the couch with her back bowed, and 
her nipples pulsing on the ends of her firm big tits. 
She bit hard on my fingers as Angie tongued harder and 
faster, and lipped her clit feverishly. Kay was jerking 
about so hard that I felt like I was riding a bucking 
bronco. Her thigh rubbed my clit as I came, over and 
over, while my mouth sucked on her nipple, hard.

Angie licked and sucked Kay through another wave, as I 
bit my lip, and clenched my teeth, while the orgasm 
vibrated through my body. 

Angie ran her hand up my leg, and into my crack, as she 
shoved my hips harder against Kay's thigh. As she dug 
her fingernails into Kay's left leg, I rode her right, 
as the after shocks kept jerking me around.

When we couldn't move anymore we fell on each other, 
while we panted from the extreme exertion. 

*** 

Slowly I climbed off my Aunt's leg, and Angie stood up. 
Kay fell back down and we covered her up with the 
sheet, as we smothered her wet face with kisses. She 
smiled and closed her eyes as she drifted off, 
totally exhausted, from two little wild things 
ravishing her.

Angie helped me up the stairs, and I flopped on the 
bed, as I pulled her between my legs again, and locked 
my ankles around her sweet little body, and dug my 
heels into her crack. I felt her clit swell, as it 
pushed my lips apart, and I moved, under her, until she 
gave a little cry, and shuddered. 

Her puffy lips moved back and forth over my mouth, and 
I kissed her tenderly, as we fell asleep.

*** 

The next morning Mom and Aunt Kay went shopping, while 
Angie and I '69d' on the couch in the den, cumming over 
and over, as we inhaled Kay's aroma left on the leather 
from last night.

We played with Aunt Kay every night during her stay, 
either on the couch, or up in my room. 

She hugged us goodbye, with tears in her eyes, on the 
day she left. We told her we would miss her, and she 
smiled, and said she would miss us, too.

***

"What a week, Ang, I'm worn out."

"Yeah, right. Wanna bet?"

"All right, get your fingers out of my slit, and go get 
cleaned up, so you can visit your folks for the 
weekend"

"Oh, pooh, you're no fun at all. Are you going to miss 
me?"

"You know I'll call you often on my cell phone, so we 
can have phone sex, okay? It won't be like we aren't 
still connected."

"You better call me or I'll go nuts. I've grown used to 
being between your legs every night."

"It's only for a day and a half, so we just have to 
make the best of it, if we want to stay together the 
rest of the time. We knew that when we made the deal, 
so get in the shower, before I grab your big clit, and 
pull it off."

"You talk sooo dirty, my little horn dog. I love it. 
Grab me any time," she giggled, as she ran for the 
shower.



Next time I find comfort, and a bit more, in my parent's 
bed. Then I get a little wild walking home from the 
library in the hot summer evening. Wanna cum along?

