The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in which it is
legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or any
other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder, except
may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access, noncommercial archive sites.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

This is the repost of a fifty-two chapter mind control, multi person romance.

Please!  Give me your comments.


MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 40

Decorations

Quickly, I was asleep and dreaming.

I was in a huge mansion, like San Simeon or an English castle, with unabashed opulence.  I was in
a large sitting room, probably two thousand square feet in an approximate square, with twenty feet
high ceilings.  Animal heads and art work decorated the mahogany walls.  There were heads of
wild beasts such as rhino and grizzly. The art was by Van Gogh, Monet and other masters.

The most interesting decorations were the statues, each is a small, partially recessed display in the
walls. Michaelangelo's David was there. So was Venus de Milo, except I knew it was a copy since
it was a complete woman with arms.  As I watched her beauty I thought I saw her breathe.  I
walked closer to observe her.

It was a live woman, her skin painted the gray-brown color of stone, her movements perfectly still
except for the rise and fall of her breasts as she breathed. As I admired her, a man approached
with a woman behind him.

"Excuse me, master," he said. "It is time to change the decoration."

"I beg your pardon?"

"As you ordered, master, we change the woman each hour so that they will be fresh for your
enjoyment.  Standing so perfectly still tires them, master."

"Of course. Proceed."

The woman was shaky, her muscles tired and unresponsive from holding her pose, as the man
helped her down from the pedestal, before assisting the other woman to her position. 
Immediately, she stood still, frozen for an hour of time as Venus. I wandered down the walls,
checking each of the live statues in their display cubicles. Again, the man approached me.

"Master, I am going to change the woman in 'The Threesome' statue. Would it please you to
watch?" the custodian asked me.

"Certainly."

It was then I saw the large sculpture occupying the center of the room. It appeared to be cut from
one piece of green marble.  A carved stone man lay on his back, legs together, arms up with
elbows bent and hands open. Another man was kneeling over him, facing his feet.  The art work
was magnificent with each muscle and sinew of these stereotypical perfect males clearly created by
the caring hands of a master sculptor.

Each marble man had an erection, his green marble cock thick and powerful with each vein and
fold of stone skin clearly visible. They were circumcised with helmet heads to their substantial
members.  The one on his back had prodigious equipment, probably ten inches long. The one
kneeling was only about five inches but just as thick as the other.

The custodian motioned and a woman appeared. She was naked and beautiful.  Her skin had been
oiled, making it gleam in the directional lighting focused on the sculpture.  She had a soft
appearance, with lush thighs and ass. Gracefully, she climbed to the statue. She knelt over the
marble cock thrust upward, spread the lips of her pussy and lowered herself onto it. I could tell by
her face and the twitching of her leg muscles, she was filled to capacity and the stone cock pleased
her.

With the stone cock securely buried in her, she arranged her waist length hair, letting it cascade
behind her.  She moved her torso so her breasts rested in the open hands of the marble man under
her, gingerly pushing her flesh to fill his frozen stone fingers. With a slight tilt of her head, she
encompassed the stone cock of the kneeling statue with her mouth, taking him in until her lips
touched his pubic bone.  She put her hands on the cheeks of his ass as if holding him into her and
froze, her movements ceasing as if she was a marble woman herself.

I watched for a few minutes, seeing no movement by her except the gentle sign of her breathing. 
She was truly a living statue.  Even with her stillness, I could see the moisture oozing from her
pussy as her body responded naturally to the marble cock in her. Then, a dabble of saliva appeared
in the corner of her mouth.

I reached out and touched the soft silky warmness of her skin with one hand and the cold stone of
his thigh with the other, feeling the contrasts in texture and warmth. Her muscle twitched as I slid
my hand along her thigh to caress her ass. I ran my finger against her sex, loading it with moisture.
She quivered when I placed it at her asshole. Her tender back hole spasmed against my finger as it
slid into her. Beads of sweat broke out on her forehead as she fought to be perfectly still as I
moved my digit back and forth, stimulating her. I withdrew before she orgasmed, causing her to
moan around the marble cock in her mouth.  From no where, a woman appeared, knelt by me and
sucked my finger into her mouth. After throughly cleaning me with her tongue, she dried my hand
on her hair and disappeared again.

I became aware of the sitting area and turned my attention back to the room.

There were three chairs, placed at the points of a triangle facing each other, with room for people
to easily walk between them. The floor between the chairs was covered by a magnificent Persian
rug. The chairs were large, overstuffed, with leather upholstery in a deep, dark burgundy, and high
backs.

I sat in the empty chair. The devil dog occupied one.  The third was the scientist, whom we now
called Doc, although he was not a medical doctor.  All three of us were immaculately dressed in
identical three piece Brooks Brothers suits in a fine gray wool with a very narrow white pinstripe. 
We wore expensive, leather, wing-tipped, shoes, polished to a high gloss. Our shirts were hand
made with English collars and French cuffs.  Only our ties were different. Mine was a light purple,
the color of an Iris, with small portraits on it.  The portraits were heads of women, some clearly
presented as in a photograph, others in Picasso-like abstractions.  The scientist wore a soft, muted
goldenrod with scientific formulas, such as E=mc2,  in a black script and jumbled about.  The
devil dog's tie was a cherry red, like a fire, with no decorations of any kind.

A beautiful blonde young woman entered with a drink tray, serving us brandy in Waterford crystal
goblets.

Black, patent leather, boots covered her feet and ankles. The boots had stiletto heels of probably
seven or eight inches, forcing her to walk on tip toes.  The boot was laced up the front, over her
arch, in the style worn at the turn of the twentieth century. But, these boots had a wide leather
strap around the top to hold the laces in place. That strap was locked with a golden padlock. A
golden chain approximately a foot long ran from boot to boot, restricting her steps.  The extreme
height of the heels made her leg and ass muscles tight, displaying them to perfection. That height,
and the short steps she was forced to take, made her walk with a very sensual sway.

She wore a patent leather corset.  The corset was extremely tight and perfectly fit.  It covered her
neck to crotch. It appeared to have steel support bars in it because her posture was kept in a rigid
and perfect position. The top was a rigid collar which extended behind her ears and under her
chin, forcing her to look only forward. She could tilt her head downward but an inch.

Her waist was impossibly narrow, probably only ten or eleven inches, as the corset molded her
figure into an extreme wasp shape.  The corset was cut out around her breasts, leaving them both
bare and showcased, making them appear to be huge.  When she turned her back to me, I saw the
corset was held in place by a single strap, about two inches wide, running between the cheeks of
her ass, forcing it out and emphasizing its beauty and shape. In front, the corset restraining strap
spilt in two, going past her pussy on each side.  Her labia were bloated and wet with juice, her clit
was almost two inches long and rigid.

She never looked up, keeping her head tilted the little the corset allowed and her eyes down turned
submissively at all times. Her golden hair was braided into French curls which touched at the
crown of her lovely head. In each curl, a leather handle was braided into the hair for easy grasping
if a man wished to hold her that way. After serving the drinks, she gracefully knelt to all fours
before Diablo. It was then I noticed that his cock, in fact, all our cocks, were outside our trousers.
She kissed the tip of his cock, then scurried to Doc to do the same. Then, she kissed mine, her lips
lingering gently on my cock head and the tip of her tongue caressing the blind eye of my cock. She
knelt before me with her forehead touching the floor.

"Is something wrong?" I asked her.

"No, master, but, I beg of you, sir, to grant me one small wish."

"What?"

"Please.  Would you touch me?"

"Here! Touch her with that!  She is to be whipped for speaking without permission.  She knows
the rules!" Diablo barked, throwing me a riding crop.

"Were you aware that speaking would result in your whipping, kitten?"

"Yes, master, but I so wish your touch. If you chose to do so with a whip,  I would much prefer it
to no touch at all."

"Then, make your pussy available, kitten."

She quickly turned to lie on her back. She brought her legs up, with knees locked and touching her
exposed breast.  While I could easily strike her exposed ass and pussy, I stopped to observe her. It
was a perfect ass, a perfect pussy.  Even with as many kittens as I had, I could still appreciate the
best qualities in them.  I reached to let my finger gently slide down the opening of her slit. She
groaned and quivered, an orgasm apparently seizing her.

"She is to be punished more severely for orgasming without permission," Diablo snapped.

"I understand the rules.  I made them. Now, be quiet!" I said to the ever present devil dog.

"What did you say your name was, kitten?"

"Andrea Mathews, master, but I am called Andy."

Only then did I recognize her, but I felt no special feeling for her. I could see that see had already
been whipped on at least one occasion with purplish welts running across her thighs and ass.

"Have you been previously whipped, kitten?"

"Yes, master, but only by you."

"For what reason?"

"Always the same reason, master.  For asking for your touch.  And, for orgasming when I receive
it."

I remembered then that her pussy had the most sweet and delightful taste, like nectar from the
gods. I instructed her to give me her ankles, which she immediately did. I detached the chain. She
slipped her arms inside her legs, forcing herself wider by leveraged elbow to knee, which bent her
double. I leaned forward, my elbows braced on my thighs, and took her hips in my hands. I lifted
her up and lowered my head to her sex like a man eating watermelon on a picnic.

Her taste was delicious. Her pussy seemed to be full of her love juices, and like an eternal spring
flowing from the bottom, continually full, as I lapped and sucked to my heart's content.  She was
in a state of continual orgasm, tightening and releasing, moaning, whimpering, thanking me for
pleasuring her.  Her juices had a rejuvenating effect on me, like drinking a potion of energy and
revitalization.  I lapped until I was satiated before setting her back on the floor. She immediately
offered her feet and I reattached the chain. She assumed the whipping position again.

"Well, Andy, I suppose one hard lash from the riding crop across your cunt will do you good."

"Yes, master.  Thank you."

I pulled back the whip to strike her, but Doc began speaking and Andy vanished from the spot.

"I believe we are in agreement," Doc said. "We will secure the formula immediately."

"Correct. We need to begin production and activate our plan," Diablo replied, puffing on another
one of his big, thick and foul smelling cigars.

"We must dedicate our lives to the plan," Doc said with strong emphasis, his hands flailing the air.

"What plan?" I asked.

"Good God, man! Haven't you been paying attention?  Our plan. The plan to control. To control
everything! We will start in the United States, with Hollywood and the media. From there to
Washington.  England and Russia next, followed by Germany, France and Japan. Then, we spread
outward around the world."

"I have not approved this plan," I said, leaning forward to face Diablo.

"But, you will, my friend, you will."

He gave me a pompous look and leaned back, puffing on his cigar.  Something wet and hot was
on my cock, sucking it, sucking it hard.  I looked down to see his doggy mouth on me. Then, his
lips rolled back and I saw his fangs.  He opened his massive jaws to bite.

"No!" I shouted and shoved him away hard.

I heard a thud as I sat upright in bed.  Andy was on the floor.

"Sorry, Davy.  I thought you liked me waking you that way," she said.

She was sitting on her right hip, legs drawn up under her, right arm supporting her weight.  She
was rubbing her left hip with her hand. Her hair was soft around her, an uncombed, jumbled mass. 
She gave me a sweet, innocent, shy, and very loving smile, looking away a moment before locking
onto me with her blue laser eyes which were hot with genuine love and submissive desire.

Suddenly, I wanted to hold her, to fuck her, to make love to her, more than I wanted anything in
the world.


To be continued . . .

Please!  Give me your comments.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

