Author: russianguy26 (sluttish_88@yahoo.com)

Title: a poker night

Part: chapter 2

Summary: Ashley left her neighbours and met her boyfiend who was going to pop her cherry.
Keywords: mf, teen, blowjob, teasing

Contact: sluttish_88@yahoo.com is for your comments.


Chapter 2: United with the Boyfriend.
	
  While her neighbours, both father and son, were discussing their evening's activities with Ashley, the girl rushed out of the block of flats towars her loving boyfriend. The neighbours had to have everything ready to keep their activities with Ashley from her uncle Rick's knowledge. 

  Just before leaving the cemented entrance the girl stopped to catch her breath and hide her excitement for her boyfriend. Notwithstanding that she had just committed sordid sin with her friendly neighbors, Ashley Cummings enjoyed the things she had done. Of course she'd never confess to anything if she were ever asked. Getting into her handbag, the girl got out a breath spray and freshened her mouth with it so that her boyfriend wouldn't have any idea about the cock she had been sucking on.
	
  Ashley thought that she fixed all disorder and stepped out of the entrance's broken door. As soon as the girl had been outside, there was her boyfriend Joe's loud horn. Even such a trifle gave her a new flow of positive sensations. Notwithstanding that she was late and had freaked him out already, her boyfriend Joe was still there. The girl started slowly walking towards his sports car so that her appearance teased him so much that he'd become an easy prey for her charms. 
	
    It wasn't surprising that Ashley Cumming, the stunning cheerleader, chose him. He was the best guy she had ever met in her life. He was a very handsome guy, short-cropped hair and broad-shouldered, sharp-tongued and smart. On top of that he was a really tough fighter and all his friends were like him with lots of money in their pockets. Any girl would jump in his bed without hesitation. If he dumped Ashley everyone would pursue her till she left for college and the girl wouldn't survive such an attitude toward herself.

  Joe had been really freaked out by that time. At first, Ashley asked him to meet her later that it was planned and even so she managed to be late. She was walking slowly towards him although she had to run and be grateful that he was still there. Joe knew that he would push her hard tonight for such things. Of course, if she wanted to be with him. Joe decided to wait for her and do anything she wanted only for getting her cherry popped.
	
  Looking through the window he couldn't believe how awesome she looked. Instinctively Joe's hand moved to his rap-styled jeans and squeezed his cock tight enough that it became harder. As the girl was moving closer to the car his palm was squeezing his raging hard-on tighter. It was too hard for him to move his hand away by the time his girlfriend had reached the car. Trying to be tough as usual Joe pulled the car's door letting her get in.

  When Ashley was getting in, she tried to show as much of her small panties as the girl could. Of course, Joe had a great sight of them. Finally, Ashley sat there, next to him, and the girl showed him his lovely legs. Her pleated skirt hardly covered her G-thongs and Joe was already imagining how he would spread her long legs soon. 

  Ashley was careful enough and she couldn't help noticing the immense tent in his jeans. The girl knew that she would have it in her mouth soon. Perhaps her jaw was aching, but it wasn't the reason to miss an opportunity to enjoy his cock. On top of that, it would be a great chance to make friends again.

  Joe's next step struck her so much. The guy got a dark red rose shining in the moonshine out of nowhere and gave it to her. It was such a rapid change of situations. Her neighbors had recently treated her like dirt but here her boyfriend was so romantic like never before, although Joe was always a rough guy. 

  When she was presented this rose, Joe bent down to her and put a gentle kiss on her flushed left cheek. It was so unnatural for Joe's brutal character to act like this but the girl adored it after all the things she had been through with her neighbor's son. 

  "Baby, I love you so much that all these days without you were the worst time of my life!" Joe's voice returned Ashley from her dreaming. 
	
  Caught up in the moment, Ashley turned her lips to him and whispered, "I love you very much!"
	
  Joe liked the way she reacted on his romantic gestures and he was eager to kiss her on the lips gently but decided to call it off. He wouldn't be an easy prey and that beauty would have to try hard to handle it. The guy planned to push her limits a lot so he could fuck her. He moved back until he sat erect on his driver's seat again and Ashley looked confused. She thought about what happened, if she did anything wrong but figured he was pretending and trying to play "Hide-and-seek" with her. 

  Smiling Ashley stretched her hand out to him and embraced him by his strong neck. This time he didn't resist her kiss and let her do all the work herself. She tried to be awesome and her small agile tongue that had recently been covered in cum slid into his opened mouth. Joe's hard-on worried him and his cock was getting swollen as she breathed out hot air into his mouth. It was too much for him to hold, but he reached his limits when her palm laid and rested on his leg, the very leg which his swollen cock was pressed to with the pants.
	
  At first she didn't realize properly what it was, but in a moment Ashley understood what her hand was squeezing and broke her hot kiss. Excited, the girl kept on squeezing his hot piece of the meat harder.

  "Now I see that my big boy is glad to see me, isn't he?" she whispered, teasingly.
	
  What could he say to that? It was a very vulgar thing to say. The guy couldn't resist the temptation and he just instinctively stretched out his hand to her chest. The girl was glad that they were going along. She enjoyed his hand squeezing one of her tits hard through the thin material. If the guy only knew that the top was cum-stained!

  Ashley wanted to tease him a bit more, but her excitement had overtaken her. The cheerleader knew that her body was stunning and she decided to show it off to him. The girl absolutely forgot that they were near her place where her uncle and the neighbours were and she started putting her body on display.

  "Do you like my body?" she asked him and sat erect so that he could better see her curves.

  "Yeah, baby!" Joe replied.

  He could say nothing more and squeezed her firm tits harder, enjoying the beginning of their reuniting. Ashley was a natural born slut, because she enjoyed it and she had recently enjoyed her neighbour's son and she wasn't ashamed of it at all.

  Ashley grabbed by her top's hem and she started slowly pulling it up. The tight material showed every curve of her slim body and the guy took his breath when her tits had to be released. The cheerleader was savouring the moment and there was nobody in the world for her except her loving boyfriend. She was ready to do anything in order to hook up with Joe again. 

  As soon as Ashley's tits had been released, Joe's hands appeared on them again. The girl enjoyed the way the guy squeezed her tits and they became red with his fingerprints. It was too much for him and his mouth was on one of her nipples in a moment.

  At first, he licked her hard nipple with his saliva-covered tongue and his lips hungrily closed around it. All his gentle moves brought warm waves to her. Joe sucked her nipples in so that they were being enlarged with it. When he was through with one bud, his mouth switched to another nipple. His hands never released her firm tits during it. Of course, the girl understood that she should be shier, but she didn't give it a care and she tried to make this date really hot. Judging by his emotions, Ashley knew that she had succeeded in her mission. 

  His touches against her tender skin were considerably zapping her so that it was making her pussy wet and ready for action. Like in a trance, Ashley pulled his head to her hot flesh tightly. Joe was a real turn-on for her and the guy knew that she can't last two minutes with him without getting excited, but the girl thought that she didn't know how much she adored him. Thus, Ashley was ready for anything to keep him by her side.

  The only thought that had never left Joe's mind while he played with her ripe tits was to get her excited so much that he could fuck her for the first time. It was too strong for him and Joe moved his hand to her small G-thongs. Ashley was very hot to stop his hand, moving under her small skirt towards her juicy pussy. The girl didn't even notice how her skirt was risen up and it was left like some stripe of cloth around her waist. 

  As soon as Joe had looked down at Ashley's slim waist, he saw that her small G-thongs were on display. The guy could see even in the dark that they hardly covered her teenaged pussy that he was going to fuck. Ashley was on the seventh Heaven from pleasure from all his touches against her hot body. The girl had been gasping by the time his palm reached her panty-covered pussy. Joe knew how to make her excited and the girl had been etremely excited before seeing him tonight.

  Her boyfriend was excited too and he didn't knew how to last longer. Without hesitation, the guy just put his finger on her small panties and it turned out between her panty-covered pussy lips. It made Ashley's eyes roll into the back of her head in pleasure and the girl spread her legs wider. The panties were so thin that the guy felt pussy juice on his finger. The girl trusted him so much and pulled the G-thongs aside her pussy. Joe wasn't a loser and he got the hint. In a moment his finger was between its lips. 

  The girl moaned loudly in the dark as her boyfriend's finger started sliding between her wet pussy lips and the finger's tip touched her swollen clit now and then. These touches brought Ashley to climax and his sucking on her tits drove her crazy. 

  Joe was having time, too and he made up his mind that it was high time for making this night hot. He felt Ashley's body wiggle and the guy brought his finger and his mouth away from her lust-filled body. The girl felt so good that she didn't immediately understand it, but then her excitement began coming away.  

  "Baby, I want my cock in your mouth and then I'll let you cum!" Ashley heard in a moment.

  It goes without saying that the girl didn't wanted to delay her own orgasm for his pleasure, especially when she was so close, but she remembered that she should be a very nice girlfriend tonight. When they arranged their date, the girl thought that it would be hard to regain their feelings and now she realized she was mistaken. She was ready to be Joe's girlfriend or it'd be a torture to be made a fool of amidst all her friends and be a real loser in her classmates' eyes. It would be very stupid to lose him and lose her standing at the school, because she got accustomed to be an elite girl in her school. 

  So Ashley decided to make him cum first and she was going to make it hot like she had been trained by John, the neighbour's son back at her place. The girl gave her excited boyfriend a big smile. She took a breath and moved to his crotch to suck his cock, but she saw that it was still in his jeans. Puzzled, Ashley looked up into his eyes.
	
  "Joe, why isn't your cock out yet?" the girl asked him without using any romantic words like she did before.
	
  "Oh stop it, baby!" Joe said in high spirits. "We both know that you aren't a fuckin' nun so just show me how slutty you can be for your loving boyfriend when you are excited!"

  There was a long pause. Ashley could do nothing with her acting, because she was always really naughty every time when everyone was out.

  "Ok," the girl finally said, savouring the moment.

  She wanted to please her boyfriend in every possible way and thought about the best way to do it. Ashley put her hand on his crotch and squeezed his cock through the material so hard with one hand that he closed his eyes in euphoria. The girl liked to see how her boyfriend was enjoying this sensation. Then she slowly began unzipping his fly. At that very time Joe considered that he could get into her pants in no time if he played his cards properly. So he was in no hurry. 

  How long the guy didn't feel his cock in her sweet mouth and he wanted to feel another deep-throat blowjob Ashley always gave to him. He comfortably sat with spread legs in his driver's seat and lent back, relaxing. The guy liked when Ashley acted like a filthy whore at a truck stop near a dirty bar not a romantic girlfriend. 

  Ashley Cummings was happy and excited to please her regained boyfriend and at last the girlmanaged to unzip his loosened jeans. As soon as the girl had done it, she was in a hurry to fish his 7" cock out. Ashley always adored his circumstanced cock although it was nothing in comparison with her neighbor's son's huge dick. As she was getting it out the girl licked her pouting lips so that they were very wet to give her darling the best time of his life. 
	
  Holding his swollen cock, Ashley leaned down towards it. She stuck her tongue out and gently moved her tongue up and down its stalk, leaving bubbled trails on it. 
	
  "Yeah baby, you are very good at it!" Joe breathed out, gasping.
	
  His words cheered her up even more than she had been before. The girl brought her sharp tongue to the head of his cock and it started teasing it. Joe enjoyed her tongue's tip swiftly sliding along his piss-hole, carressing it. Just at the time he wanted to make her start blowjob, Ashley herself opened up her mouth really wide and swallowed it in a gulp. 

  Joe let out a loud and long moan as the cheerleader's mouth slid down his vein-covered cock. Ashley kept on swallowing it until her nose was buried in its curvy pubic hair. All that gave the guy much pleasure and he instinctively put his palm on the back of her head. Joe didn't need push on it because he felt the back of her throat tightening around his cock. Joe had been training her in deep-throating him since the very first date of theirs. Ashley was a very fast learner and found out that sucking her boyfriend off was the best way to keep him from taking her virginity. On top of that it was very exciting to have his entire swollen dick in her mouth and feel it pulsating. 
  As Ashley kept the head of his cock in the back of her throat, Joe felt like her throat was milking it. He was sure that he would cum there soon, right in his car parked by her place, but his plans for tonight was to cum in her pussy not in her mouth. So it was high time to try a new ground, but he just couldn't resist such a great sucking. When all his cock was deep in her small throat again, Ashley began getting the saliva-covered cock out of her sore throat until only his swollen dickhead was in it and then she plunged his cock to the balls again. 

  Her boyfriend tried to resist the temptation to cum deep into her tightening throat, because he was too close to it. Joe did want to go to another level and fuck his girlfriend. So he put his palm under her chin and felt her throat swollen with his hard meat. Then he slowly pulled it off of his cock and Ashley was confused why he wanted her to stop this awesome blowjob, but his cock was being taken out all hard and shiny. When his cock left her warm mouth, the girl looked down at his cock and saw that his hard meat was hugely covered in pre-cum and her thick spit. Then Ashley looked up in confusion, seeking the reason of it, but she saw a smile on his face and it reassured her.
	
  "Baby, take that condom pack and put a rubber on my cock!" he whispered to the girl with a shining smile. 
	
  Ashley became shocked and she understood why he behaved. The girl often said to him that there would be no sex between them, but now he was the boss. She was smart enough and knew that she was going to be fucked then and there, but she couldn't afford it. 
	
  "Oh big boy, you do know that having sex is not good for me now!" Ashley said guiltly.
	
  "What?" he roughly said. "What the fuck did you say?"
	
  Ashley saw her boyfriend's angry face and knew that it was not good for their reunion. She wanted to say something reassuring, but there was only murmuring. As she tried to breathe out some good phrases, Joe just kept on yelling at her without stopping. Ashley hoped that everything would be okay with their relationship and no one would hear their quarrel. His screams distressed her very hard and she suddenly felt a loud stinging slap on her cheek. It left a big red spot on her cheek. She had never been hit in her life and it was so paintful and humiliating. Sobbing, Ashley instinctively rubbed her reddened spot and tears streaked her face.
	
  "Are you fucking stupid or something?" he asked her and slapped her once again. 
	
  This time his slap was more painful and the cheerleader felt like her life was in ruins. When she looked up again, Joe angrily looked at her like he was going to kill her. The guy stretched his hand out and opened the passenger's door. Ashley sat there in a trance and she came to herself as she was pushed out of the car with a strong thrust on the tender shoulder. Bumping her ass on the dew-covered grass and with her top above her tits, she begged God Almighty to stop it. It was a perfect chance for the Papparacci to take several shots of naked Ashley for some smut magazine, but she was lucky and there was nobody. 
	
  "Look here, you stupid cunt! This evening is the last one you have to be alone. By the tomorrow's morning I will spread a word that all my friends and I have fucked you and in everybody's eyes you'll be nothing but a piece of silly fuck. Of course, there will be many true graffities about you all over the block and..." Joe was really angry that he had failed and wanted to make her life worthless.
	
  "Please Joe..." Ashley pleaded with him, understanding that his threats sounded very real and could bring her life to pieces.
	
  "What's this, `please Joe,' unh? Maybe do you wanna propose something?" Joe asked, grinning and holding his cock in his hand.
	
  "I promise that we'll have sex together during a week and I'll do whatever you want today except no sex today," the girl said and knew that it was her last chance.
	
  Ashley stared at him in waiting for him to reply and it seemed to be a weird twist in her life. Joe was silent for a couple of moments but it seemed the whole eternity for her. Her boyfriend thought it over and he knew that it could be better, because the girl let him do anything. Finally he stretched out his hand that had hold his cock to her and Ashley grabbed it with a smile. 
	
  "Only remember that you promised or I'll rape the shit out of you!" he said threatingly.
	
  After that, Joe started the engine and they were on their way to nowhere. They drove about a quarter of an hour and no one said a word. Ashley sat and cursed herself for her poor behavior and wondered where they were heading. Then she noticed they were going to drop by a local McDonald's.

Your comments and feedbacks would be highly appreciated at sluttish_88@yahoo.com
