Guys, I married a Thai hooker!

(MMF, wife, inter, prost, cuckold, asian, cheat)

I married a Thai bargirl. "When I popped the question to her, the girl must have thought Christmas had come early." My bride meets all my expectation and whores herself out.

I find it quite amazing that some men just do not know what they are getting themselves into when they marry a gorgeous asian girl half their age. Especially one they found out there in Thailand or Philippine. Madly and blindly in love, they will do anything for the girl. Usually these girls are just desperate to escape poverty and desperate to come to live in the US of A or some other western country. Most of them would lie and deceive and do just about anything to come over here. Once married and safely arrived, the surprised husband is promptly dropped for a young vigorous lover and left moping around for his lamented bride. That is not counting the times when he discovers that his newly born baby is black, not white...

You might say I am more stupid than most other men because I went into my second marriage with my eyes wide open and my little head doing all the thinking for me. I had just exited a messy divorce with my frigid nagging bitch of a first wife. That woman's idea of sex was "yes please, once every New Year when I'm drunk on champagne". I was by then craving a real sexy woman who would satisfy my every perverted thought. I can assure you that there were lots of those delicious ideas building up in my heads (yes, both of them) after years of sexual frustration and deprivation. So on impulse I flew out to Bangkok to find me some tight asian pussy to bang-cock with. 

For those of you unfortunate men who have not had the pleasure of visiting paradise - bad luck for you - good luck for us. What can I say; Bangkok is a sensual explosion of color, sound and welcoming pussy. Those sexy slim Miss World look alike girls' only wish in life is for a "farang" tourist to fuck their brains out - eight times a day. I visited the local bars and I was soon surrounded by these beautiful butterflies, quite unaware of the scheming nature of the predators in the short skirt next to me. They came thick and fast like flies on shit but I was not complaining. They all looked the same to me: so Thai, sexy, beautiful and willing. The fact that I was overweight and fifty and they were a slim twenty did not seem to matter at all such is the reality of Thailand. The real garden of Eden.

I was shortly accosted by the lovely Miss Fan. What can I say, my jaws dropped and I swallowed hard. Like most Thai girls she was petite, 5ft2, and very well proportioned, slim and lovely. She had short brown hair cut asian style sensuous lips and a sexy mischievous look on her face. Like the other bargirls there, she was dressed to give you a hard on. She wore a lacy black bra with her brown nipples visible beneath, a tight black lycra micro tube skirt, fishnet stockings and black boots. She wore heavy make up and she had a hungry, bitter look in the eye. 


"Hi, darling. What's your name, darling?" She said in her cute broken English.

I gulped. "Uhh, Tony," I managed.

"Where are you from, darling?" Obviously the name was forgotten.

"From Los Angeles..." I began but was interrupted by her cry of delight: "Oh! Hollywood! Me movie star too, now." She added with a big smile taking my hand in hers.

My heart was pounding. "Oh!?" I blurted out.

"Yes. I star in "Room for Two" and "Pussylicious" You see, darling?" She declared proudly.

 "Wow!" I gulped impressed. "I'm afraid not," I added with some regret.

"You very handsome. You buy me beer." She decided and waved for some beers, snuggling up to me.

My kind of girl, I thought with a smile.

She sat on my lap and exposing her breast, put my hand on it shamelessly. She kissed me as I kneaded he breasts. She was totally uninhibited. She parted her legs indecently and I felt her up, touching her moist pussy under her g-string.  

"You like fucky fucky long time with me, darling?" She asked, giving me a sideways pout. How could I resist!

"Yes, me like very much fucky fucky long time with you." I replied, falling into her speech pattern. 

I felt happy, my two brains thinking were in synch. We agreed a price for the bar tax and the evening and Fan proudly lead me away, holding me tight, her firm breast pressing against my arm and swinging her hips to the nearest tuk-tuk taxi. When we reached the hotel room I began telling her how beautiful she was but she interrupted me, taking hold of my hard cock through my pants and saying:

"He thinks best you speak from inside Her, darling." She gave me a coy smile and pulled me onto the bed.

After Forn had fucked me silly until my testicles had fallen off, she washed me, gave me a massage then prepared and served me a meal from the kitchenette. As I watched her folding and putting away my laundry and then making the bed, it was hard to reconcile that she was a prostitute as acting like a perfect girlfriend. Sure there was sex involved but it seemed to me more like I was renting her companionship rather than paying for the sex.  I paid her and walked her to the door where she gave me a passionate kiss before disappearing into the hot and sunny afternoon.  I went back to bed only to hear a knock two hours later.  It was her. 
 
My little street whore looked gorgeous! I tried to kiss her but unwilling to risk smearing her perfectly painted lips she turned her head away and rubbed her cheek against mine. 

She walked into the room, reached under my robe grabbing my cock, and said innocently:

"You can do one more time before I go, darling? I've just finished work."

I pulled her against me. She was suddenly all over me, her lips locked with mine. I felt her climb on top of me and guide my rock hard cock under her skirt and inside of her wet sloppy pussy. As she rode me she told me she had just fucked a black man. Of course he had paid her well.

The more she drove herself down onto me, the more she went wild. Her mouth her body and her pussy seemed on fire. She pounded my boner. She kept telling me how she wanted to see me again and how she wished that I had been able to see the big black guy fucking her, his dick inside her tight asian pussy. I tensed, groaned and came inside her as panting she rode my cock hard and fast and reached her climax.

"Oh fuck! I'm cummmming! Fuck!" She cried.

I felt her pussy squirt as she came, enjoying this moment of extreme and blissfully depraved perversion.

After we had had sex I asked her to stay on and accompany me for a week. We agreed a price and she made a phone call. We went visiting blissfully walking down the street with my Thai hooker hand in hand. Forn grabbed onto me quite aggressively, leading me around by the hand and pouting at every opportunity. 

During our time together, I felt that she was a real girlfriend. She certainly acted like that and not like a Thai prostitute. I did wonder whether she was with me just for the money. She did keep asking me to help her with sending money to her poor family and sick aunt and reluctantly I agreed, knowing I was helping her with her financial problems. But then conversation and sex was good and it was a relatively trivial amount of money.

Forn explained that being a bargirl in Thailand was well respected. That women did it willingly to earn money and send it back to their families. If they worked well, they could retire after six years, build their own home and buy their own business. Many girls married farengs too and went to live abroad. They were envied by the others. When I asked Forn about her work she was quite frank with me Forn told me that as a bargirl she would make between 2,000 to 6,000 baht per month with only two week days off per month. She must go out with the clients four to ten times a month or pay fine of 500 baht for each missed quota and sell 80-100 drinks to clients or pay 30 baht a drink for the missed quota. She had a health every three months and if she failed she did not get the salary for that month and buy for her own drinks. She also told me that she had to wear the uniform they gave her but she liked looking sexy anyway.

"Do you like your work?" I asked her.

"Of course, darling." She replied. "I like men paying me to cum in my pussy. I enjoy very much and the money is good."

She was a woman who is not afraid of and enjoys using her body for sex and her life seemed to revolve around her biggest asset, her looks and her pussy. It made her money, kept her fed and clothed and gave her the empowerment and pleasure she needed.

"But what about the porn movies? You like doing those, too?" I insisted.

"I like sex, darling. You know that. I like all. With men, with woman, even with katoey." She replied laughing.
What an amoral slut, I thought fondly. Just the kind of woman I was looking for. I pulled her against me and kissed her passionately. I wanted her so badly. I did not want to lie to her. I had become involved with Forn now but I did not want to sling some baht at her and tell her to stop working and go back to her farm for the next few months while I sorted myself out. I knew she was living the party life now with easy money and I would not be able to control or influence her or stop her from working just because she had become involved with me. I had images of Forn selling her pussy and stringing me along like a sucker for money every month when I went home. I knew she could not resist the temptation of sex for gain. I was left with little choice if I wanted her. I had told her that I loved her and she had told me that she loved me too so I would need to make a decision soon.
She assured me that she loved me and that she had no other person in her life as a relationship partner. However when I logged on to her email I found four other guys she was had made promises to. A lot of bargirls have been promised by farangs that they love them and want to take them home etc but lose interest once they arrive home to there countries and leave the bargirl high and dry. Thai bargirls can not afford all their  eggs in the one basket but of course I did not want her fucking around with them so I decided to accept the dirty laundry and cut them off.
We had spent the week staying together and getting to know her better and travelled a bit around Thailand. So I finally decided to overlook her profession and marry Forn. Insane, I hear you say. Yes, totally but I was convinced I had found a woman who would love and care for me for the rest of his life.
I had sought to marry a whore so I had to adapt to the idea, I thought. I had always liked reading the wife watcher porn stories and thrilled at tales of cheating wives and now realized this would all happen to me. I knew my bride was an amoral slut who sold her body for sex and money so I had to accept the fact. But I knew her feelings for me we genuine and that she craved to be really loved and adored.
On our fifth day together, I proposed. When I popped the question to her the girl must have thought it was Christmas come early. For a Thai girl marrying a foreigner is a godsend. She has an unrealistic expectation that their spouse will bring them financial wealth and that she can continue to live her life as before. This would take some adaption, I knew. We married the following day in a hastily-arranged Buddhist ceremony.  I slept with Forn on their wedding night and spent five more romantic days with her, before taking my pre-booked flight home. She pledged to follow me as soon as her visa came through. We spoke everyday over the phone and I ran up a huge bill. She told me how much she missed me and loved me and that she was desperate to join me. I knew she was working still for the sex and money and overlooked it. I was a bit annoyed as I had to work around it though. Three months later she was refused a visa. We cried and I was desperate. We appealed and I kept calling her. She became harder to reach and a couple of weeks later I got a guy when I called. I was heartbroken and when I confronted her she told me it that she was staying at his place. 

"I want to know everything," I demanded. "Don't worry. I won't divorce you. I'm only angry because I'm not there with you." I said, my cock harder than it had been in months. She explained how Kim had offered to look after her in exchange for sex until she was able to join me.Unable to take it any longer, I flew back out there to see her.

She met me at the airport dressed in a micro-skirt, tube top and high heels. She had obviously been hooking just before. She jumped on me and we kissed passionately. Her lips tasted bitter and salty. We were both crying with joy so I hugged her tight.  She had the smell of a sex worker and I guessed she had been working right before. We could not wait to get back to her place so we stopped off at the airport hotel where she had retained a room earlier and we made passionate love.
She slipped out of her panties and I noticed cum stains on them but said nothing. When I opened her legs I found her pussy red and swollen and recently fucked pussy. 
"Clean me out first, darling." She said, pulling my head between her legs.

I began to lick her wet pussy and white juice began to sap out. I licked and tasted the spunk from another cock there.

"You like, darling? I keep special present for you, I was so excited I could not wait, I make fucky fucky with six men and keep it for you to eat there." She declared shamelessly.
My cock was bursting in my pants as I sucked the cum out of her and then ate her pussy clean, enjoying sloppy seconds for the first time before fucking her hard.
We got back to her boyfriend's place and after shaking his hand and a quick chat she lead me to the bedroom again for some more sex.

I pulled down my pants. I was sporting an enormous erection. I moved between her legs and parted her soggy thong. Forn reached down and pulled her pussy open so I could easily enter inside. Here was the perfect wife opening her pussy for me! I slid my hard cock into her soft soaked pussy without even undressing her. She moaned and clung onto my shoulders as I fucked my new loving wife standing. I slid his cock in and out of her now very wet and creamy pussy. I wondered what she was thinking about 
right now. She groaned and sucked my neck and I lifted her light brown body.

We were fucking hard when I suddenly noticed a shadow in the corner of my eye and glanced sideways. There was Kim, just standing there. He hadI dropped his pants around his ankles, taken out his cock and started to stroke it, wanking off as he watched us fucking.

"What the..." I began but she put her hand over my mouth and kissed me with lust in her eyes and said:

"Kim is my Thai husband. I am so happy to see you. Please let him join us too. I need both you in me."

She was still legally married to another guy - that was why they had not given her a visa!

I was going to protest but Kim who did not speak a word of English had already come over and he had moved behind her, positioning himself the other side of Forn.  He began kissing, groping and squeezing her. I saw the other lube up his cock so he could easily slide it into her asshole.  He used my cum that had leaked from her pussy to lubricate his cock and her ass. 

He rubbed the large head of his cock over under her quim now. My cock was rock hard inside her. He pressed his cockhead against her anus. Forn pushed her ass back towards him: My married Thai whore wanted to use him and feel his cock inside her filling her. 

What the fuck! I tried to cry out in protest to Forn but she pulled my mouth to hers and kissed me hard, mashing my lips against her. For the first time in our marriage I would see a stranger's cock enter my wife's private parts. All the while I was aware what was happening behind her. I couldn't understand why she was letting this happen. 

Forn sat upright, leaning forward on my hips and then dropped down onto Kim, impaling herself on his rod as he shoved his hips forward and slowly and smoothly buried his shinny dark cock into my wife's tight rectum. Forn's eyes closed as she tilted her head back, exhaled, and moaned all at once. She locked in 
position for a moment, enjoying the pleasure of feeling to virile men filling her ass and her pussy at once.

"God, that feels so good, darling" She said breathing heavily. 

For a moment I felt betrayed, but as she began to rock her pelvis slightly, giving some motion and sensation to all of us I picked up his pace and body took over from my mind. I could feel Kim's hard cock against mine almost as if there was nothing between us. It was the most erotic feeling I've ever experienced, knowing that the woman you love is experiencing two virile men fucking both her holes. It was sp hot being both inside her at once, and feeling her other lover's cock moving inside her.

 
I felt Kim put his hands on her ass, steadying her and pulling her cheeks apart so he could penetrate her deeper. She alternated between us tilting her head back and letting me kiss her neck, and leaning down and kissing Kim. 

She was bouncing up and down on our cocks now, rising and falling the full length of our shafts, occasionally pausing at the bottom to squirm about. Kim was fucking her hard enough to lift her up and down on the cock buried in her ass. She grunted as she felt him stretch her ass. She clung onto me as she thrust up and down the full length of my cock while pumping her ass at Kim like there was no tomorrow. I could feel the tightness of the double penetration as he thrust in and out of her ass.

She had ass-fucked before, but never like this. Her normally tight asshole was almost painful with her pussy packed.

"Cum in my ass..." She groaned, "while my farang husband fucks my pussy."
 
That was all it took for Kim. He pounded Forn as he blew his load deep into her bowels. I had trouble holding back from spurting another load into her pussy. 

I felt him pull out of her ass, still very hard, virile and erect. He was holding his cock in one hand, fumbling to position it correctly. I saw my wife reach down to guide his cock, another man's cock, into her pussy.

I thought about the fact that none of us were using condoms and wondered if Forn was on birth control. I wasn't sure but for all I knew she might be fertile. I thought about stopping her but my cock refused as I thought about the chance of her getting pregnant this way. 

Kim pressed against her and aided by the lubrication of Forn's own vaginal secretions, he slid snuggly into her dilated pussy alongside my cock with no resistance! Forn groaned with ecstasy. I pictured his cock head split her and wished I could watched it disappear inside her alongside my own as she moved down. The entire length of his cock disappeared into my wife's cunt. When he was fully encased in my lovely wife's pussy, he started stroking into and out of her and she matched him stroke for stroke. 

"Oh yes! Fuck me, fuck my pussy hard!" She moaned.

Unable to resist I pushed into her and worked my dick deep into her pussy alongside Kim, completely 
shafting her to the balls. She moved up and the back down on our cocks. I felt her wetness against my crotch.

Kim grabbed her by the breasts and was pumping his long brown cock along mine and into her married pussy in a double vaginal. Here was my loving wife - just reunited with her husband and being fuck by two men at once already. I knew he was not trying to steal my woman and somehow that made sharing her all right. I was however a bit pissed at the timing. After all, he had been enjoying a few months alone and as soon as I appear she lets him come in there too. I could not complain really as we were both enjoying it like crazy. We were both standing there thrusting up into her pussy from underneath and I knew that Kim was stroking his un-covered cock in and out of my wife's fertile pussy too. I could tell she really enjoyed feeling his bare cock inside of her too as she was groaning with pleasure as he fucked her. 

Forn had her eyes screwed tight shut and her mouth open in pleasure as we fucked. She bucked against us and squishy sounds of sex were coming from between her legs. She opened her eyes again and she locked her eyes on mine again. Her eyes shining bright with perverse pleasure and desire as she moved deliberately up and down our twin shaft, fucking both our cocks at once. I could tell she was truly enjoying the sensation of being double vaginally penetrated.

As we pushed up and felt her bottom out against our roots, she exhaled and slid up the pole again in and continuous up and down movement. I held back and resisted the urge to bang her faster and cum then and then, which I'm sure she would not have liked me to do. There she was, being fucked in both holes. Forn looked me in the eyes and groaned:
 
"Do you like to watch your wife being filled with another man's cock and let him do anything he wants to me?" 

I choked, my cock already as hard as possible and just kissed her passionately on the lips as I continued pumping at her pussy in unison with Kim. I felt Kim reach between her legs and squeeze her swollen clit, touching my cock too. From the look on my wife's face this was driving her crazy. She exploded in the most intense orgasm I had ever witnessed! She was still impaled on our cocks and she thrashed back and forth, trying to get more of our cocks into her. If she kept this up, I knew that soon we would cum in her asshole and pussy.

Kim was grunting and pushing as far as he could get into my beautiful wife who was bucking back at him as hard as she could now. She felt another terrific orgasm shake her body uncontrollably. Her vaginal muscles clenched shut and trembled as she experienced a continuous orgasm. I watched as Kim began to buck and jerk, holding her by the hips and pressing himself tight against Forn's ass. He held his cock deep inside my wife as he pumped his load into her, squeezing his ass and emptying his balls with baby juice into her fertile womb of my wife. She kissed me again as she writhed and squirmed, moving her pussy on his cock and milking every drop of semen from him. I knew his cock was against her cervix and that he was pumping his seed deep into her uterus. 

The cum dripped from her snatch as he pulled out. I vaguely remember jerking and straining under her pumping action as I filled her other hole with my hot cum. It was a vague sense, only because I was so on fire knowing that Kim had already filled my wife up with his cum.

We lay together on the bed for several minutes before I let my now soft cock slip from her dripping vagina, cum oozing out along with his shiny dick. Kim must have shot a huge load into her cunt, because I could see his cum running from her now open lips. Her pussy was exposed and dripping with juice and cum. My Forn seemed totally spent and exhausted legs open, cunt dripping over the bed sheets.

Afterwards she told me that she had fucked enough men and saved enough money for hers and Kim's visa - asking me to sponsor them and promising that we would live together as a happy family in the US.
