	Authors note: this is the continuation of Beth and the plug. I tried to write this as a stand-alone series but if you like the theme, consider reading the one mentioned above. Expect fairly extreme bodymods and weird stuff in general, and some character building in this chapter.

	Hildar was out of his element.

	His recent journey was short, but eventful (maybe too eventful) so far. Being young and well built, he has had a bright fighting career ahead of him  had he liked fighting at all. His chosen profession (a masseur) has been a really good alternative so far  safer, profitable and comfortable.  Having strong hands and a handsome appearance (bright blue eyes, jet black hair, almost angelic yet manly face), as well as some talent in massage secured him plenty of jobs  until recently.

	One if his past client was Wellisa  the daughter of the major of the city where they both lived. She was also the reason of his recent miseries (in his opinion at least). Being very good at his job, Hildar was never lacking in (mostly female) clients, being prestigious enough to score the majors daughter  first giving her a massage, then (after consuming some alcohol) a good, old-fashioned fucking. He didnt even knew that Wellisa was apparently married at that time to some other guy, and after sobering up, she made up some story that included rape just to save face  even though the coupling had been totally consensual, if somewhat alcohol-driven. Since Wellisas father was a powerful man, Hildar was exiled as a result.

	Hilar always thought that his birthplace had been conservative, and his recent adventure since his expulsion have only strengthened that view. His journey first went to Stretchington  a ridiculously decadent place where slavery was allowed (common, even) and people made careers about body modification. He was quickly poached by Satrin, some big shot at Stretchington, and before he knew what was where he was en route to the desert following his new boss who had scheduled some negotiations with the local bandit gang in the desert.

	Asking around in the entourage, Hildar found out the the bandit leader was a woman called Beth, and her party has outgrown itself in the recent months, becoming a small trading town along the trading road  protecting it, but also heavily taxing it. Satrin, his new boss, was not pleased with the recent developments, and his negotiating party looked more like army ready for war. Hildar stood out like a sore thumb, and he felt very out of place.

	Surprisingly, the town itself was more like a trading post  a fortified trading post, but still more civil than the shanty town Hildar had expected. He was even more surprised when his boss grabbed him by the shoulder and pulled him along into the building that served as a town hall, leaving his army behind  Satrin apparently only wanted to use his raiding party as a threat. 

	He got his second splash of surprise when he saw the inhabitants of the building  Beth and Ryiah, as he later found out.

	Beth was a young woman (Hilar expected someone older, she being a leader and all that), and a pretty one at that. She sported sharp, piercing green eyes and very dark, almost black wavy hair that she wore in a lob. She was somewhat short, but she moved with authority, like she owned the place (which she actually did), strutting instead of simply walking. She was stacked front and back, but her clingy white robe made it clear that her waist was almost waspish and she was far from overweight. 

	Ryiah, the other female was even more unusual. She wasnt even human to begin with  Hilar has only read of slimes in books, but he was not expecting anything like this. He didnt knew that slimes could be sentient, but this one definitely was, and she (it was certainly a she) had the shape of a human woman, and a ridicolously voluptuous one at that. Hilar learned later that she was capable of changing into any shape or form, even compressing herself down to a tenth of her current size, but had trouble with the details  in her current form, besides her cute face, from the neck down she looked like she came out of a half-finished drawing, lacking the nooks and crannies a human woman would have. She also lacked nipples and genitals as Hilar noticed  he just couldnt help but check. Despite those and her baby blue color, she oozed sexuality, emphasized by her head-sized breasts and sultry smile on her face. She didnt wear any clothes  granted, it would have been weird on a slime.

	After brief introductions, Beth and Satrin (the two bosses) went into a heated argument about taxes and unfulfilled promises. Hilar was saved by Ryiah  the blue girl was possibly even less interested in polotics and finance than he was.

	Lets give them a room, shall we? Her voice was high pitched and had a cheery quality to it. Hilar was happy to oblige  he had no desire to take part in an argument he didnt know anything about, and he didnt mind spending time with this very unique blue woman. She looked outrageous in a good way.

	I have no idea why was I brought here. Hilar said after briefly telling her his brief journey. This whole thing seems like a dick measuring contest by showing off the number of soldiers they can mobilize, if u pardon my language.

	Well, I have no idea either, but you are cute, so I dont mind Ryiah giggled. And Beth doesnt have a dick. I checked. Multiple times.

	Hilar was having a suspicion that the slimegirl was not being kept around for her smarts, but for something else. I dont think my talents are well used here he said with a shrug. Im a simple masseur.

	A masseur? I can think of a few things a masseur can do around here. And, as I said, you are cute. Mascular but not too much, not in a threating way, and you have a severe case of babyface. Can you touch me? Give me a sample of your skills?

	Hilar frowned. Babyface? I think its the first time I go that compliment if you can call it that Damn, I knew I shouldnt have shaved. He rolled his shoulders. And how would I massage you? I dont mean to be rude, but you are not even solid, my dear blue lady.

	Riyah answered with a pout. I can be more dense if I have to, you know. Wanna give it a try?

	You are dense enough, Hilar thought without saying. His curiosity was piqued tough  it was the first time he met anyone non-human, and she was kind enough if somewhat weird. The fact that her boobs rivaled the size of her head in size was also hard to ignore, even if they were smooth and blue.

We can give it a try Hilar said after a moments hesitation. 

Do you have some place private? Where we wont be disturbed?

Oh, I have a very private place alright answered Riyah in a sultry voice. Follow me.

	That private place turned out to be her own room. Hilar was intrigued  instead of a bed the slimegirl used a bathtub as a resting place. She also had an actual bath with hot water  for moisturizing she said  but the room seemed to lack any standard furniture that a human would otherwise have. The only place suitable for a massage was a table. It had to suffice.

	You know, Hilar said after Ryiah climbed onto the table, this is usually the time when I leave for a second so my client can strip down to a comfortable level of clothing in peace. This place seems to have a shortage of blankets as well, so I dont suppose you are going to cover yourself, are you? You dont seem too fond of clothes.

	Its not hard to notice, is it? Although I sometimes steal Beths panties. I always get them wet tough. Will you start on my front or my back?

	It was not even a question. As nice as Ryiahs plump rump was, her monstrous breasts took precedence. Your front, please.

	Figures Ryiah answered with a smirk. She lay down on the table. Thats where I store the air I breath in. Besides, you know, a large portion of myself she said pointing to her boobs.
 
	Hilar closed on the mountainous tits with a somewhat professional curiosity. His experience was useless here  knowing the ins and outs of every muscle and bone in the human body (as well as the female mammary glands) was not serving him well at this time. 

	His first note was that these boobs, despite their remarkable size and color were looking exactly like usual breast should  sans the nipples. Thanks to their immerse weight and the fact that Ryiah was laying on her back, they flattened a bit and spread out nicely like the original things should. His second note was that their changed their size a little bit everytime the blue woman inhaled or exhaled. It was mesmerizing in its feminine glory.

	Are you going to do anything or are you just going to sit there? Cmon, dig in! And he did.

	Touching Ryiahs boobs was unlike anything he had experienced before. He didnt know what to expect at first. She was cool and wet to the touch, but not in an unpleasant way and after a short while he gained some confidence and started to actually massage those ginormous organs. As far as he could tell, they worked remarkably like normal boobs  bouncy, jiggly organs that were only a bit more malleable than they otherwise would have been. They were far too big and heavy to be properly held, even individually, so he set his focus on specific parts on each of them  first focusing on the cleavage area, then on the sideboobs, using a considerable amount of force to mash the tiddies together, creating a mile long and deep valley in between. He had to force himself to look up for a second  she had her eyes closed with a blissful expresson on her face. She was making cute, mewling sounds. 

	He felt himself blush. He was a professional masseur, yet here he was, groping the (admittedly beautiful) breasts of a woman he just met, not even bothering to touch any other parts of her. Granted, massages were somewhat sensual and intimate by default, but all he did so far was grope while trying to hide his stiffy. To his credit, Ryiah seemed to enjoy it even more than he did, or at least her half lidded eyes and satisfied smile seemed to give off that impression. Please continue, she said softly.
And so he did. His hand found yet uncharted lands  the underboobs. This was the part where the sheer size of the mammaries was the most obvious  huge parts of her chest was simply hidden from sight under normal circumstances. Lifting her left boob first he realized how heavy they were  he actually needed to use both hands. And this woman had two of these, and she carried them on a daily basis. Good thing she didnt have muscles (or a spine for that matter), saving her from potential back problems. 

	Handling her tits was not totally unlike kneading dough. He gave her left breast a throughout massage this time, not focusing on any specific parts but spreading his attention evenly, then he repeated his action with her right boob. He was still gentle, but the malleable orbs and Ryiahs panting urged him to use him a tiny bit more force than usual, pulling the blue flesh this way and that. Ryiah was audibly groaning by the time he finished.
As Hildar let his hands rest on top of the mountains for a second, he couldnt help but notice a hard nub under each of his palm. Peeking under, he noticed that each of the boobs were sporting appropriately sized nipples now, and they were noticeably erect.

	Are you surprised? He heard the slime whisper, her eyes still closed. Dont be. I can shape myself into many forms, and take on the characteristics of those forms. I have these ginormous tits because I prefer them this way, I could make them smaller but I just dont want to. As for lacking details here and there, its my way of appearing modest. I cannot really wear clothes, remember?

	This made way more sense than Hildar expected. He kinda assumed that the slimewoman was a dumb bimbo, and while the bimbo part still fit, he was less sure about her low intelligence now. She just seemed to have different priorities.

	He covered her newly formed nips with his palms, only using his fingertips for now for very slight, almost tickling motions. He watched her chest expand then shrink rapidly  she was getting more aroused by the moment, and her labored breathing caused her boobs (not just her ribcage) to change sizes accordingly.
 
	He let his eyes wonder downwards, and there it was  her newly formed pussy. It was minimal with only her outer labia visible, her clit neatly hidden behind its hood, but it was there, and it was hot. If this woman can change her shape at will his mind wondered about the possibilities.
But his fingers and arms didnt  they were tirelessly working, this time not even pretending to conceal their 100% sexual cause, giving her large nipples every attention they deserved, pinching, pulling, kneading, tickling. When her groans were the loudest, he bent over, keeping his palms firmly on the nipples, and gave her clit one single tongue-lash. Her orgasmic cry meant that he did something right.


	A bit later, after Ryiah became coherent and decent (nipple- and pussy-less) again, she led him back to the audience chamber where they first met, where he witnessed Satrin, his new boss, being carried out in a wheelbarrow by two unknown men. He was encased in a block of ice.

	Um I guess the negotiations failed, didnt they? Hildar asked around nervously. He was eyeing a very angry looking Beth (the local boss, it seemed), who looked at him angrily.
Arent you his underling? Should I freeze you as well? She asked menacingly.

	Well, I would prefer not to. I have only known Satrin for a few weeks at most, and I wouldnt mind letting him go. Surely you wouldnt mind having a masseur around?

	Oh yes, he mentioned something like that, back when we were still acting civil. He thought he could win me over with just a few gifts. She eyed him up and down, deciding what to do. She didnt seem angry anymore. Ryiah stepped up to her (her monster boobs wobbling back and forth as she did so), grabbed her arm and whispered something in her ear, giggling.

	Oh, so thats why you guys disappeared. So much for being useful for a change Beth said, trying to remain stern but she couldnt help but grin. Wait a second. You said massage, but you are a slime for Gods sake! You dont even have muscles! How would you know he knows what he is doing?!

	Ryiah whispered something yet again, and this time Beth blushed. Yeah, I should have known, you horndog, you. You have good taste tough he is kinda cute.

	It didnt take long for Hildar to explain his situation and his newly found desire to stay with the ladies instead of the still-frozen Satrin. By the way, Hildar said, arent you afraid of his soldiers? He has a bunch just outside. I can see that you can handle yourself pretty well, freezing that guys ass like that, but this might cause a war of sorts.

	Dont worry about it, Beth said with a shrug. His people wouldnt start a conflict without Satrins permission, and he is a bit indisposed at the moment. He will be fine after he melts out, and he hopefully learned his lesson not to bother me anymore. But enough politics! You are a masseur, right? I couldnt think of a better stress relief than a massage right now. Follow me.

	He was glad to comply, happy for the opportunity to check out Beths backside without being noticed. Her robes were cut high, showing off an awful lot of leg, and the contrast between her wide hips and tiny waist was even more noticeable from behind. His recent actions left him somewhat horny (grouping a huge pair of boobs tends to do wonders to someones libido), but he needed to be sharp because Beth seemed to be a much more difficult contest than Ryiah was.

	Beths room was much more spacious than Ryiahs; it looked exactly like he imagined a classy and rich ladys room would, except for the abundance of books and scrolls on the shelves. She was a mage after all.

	Please turn around, I wish to undress.
 
	Hildar resisted the urge to peek, only using his imagination for now. He didnt need to wait for long.

	You dont seem to have any massage oils, do you? A pity. You can begin.

	Beth was finally visible in all her glory, her nakedness only covered by her black panties and a tiny blanket draped across her chest. She was way more modest than the Ryiah, thats for sure, but that strangely only increased Hildars libido. The harder the conquest, the sweeter the reward. He laid his eyes on the pretty lady lying on her back. She was way more fit than he first thought  she was not athletic, but she was still someone who led a physically active lifestyle. Discounting her shapely large (and sadly hidden) boobs, she only had a tiny layer of fat that gave her a feminine roundness. He also spotted a corset laying nearby  she apparently shrunk her waist down to a tiny circumference, giving her an exclusive hourglass look.

	Dont try anything funny. You should consider this a test  if you fail to properly service me, I will send you back with Satrins company. Understood? A difficult contest indeed.

	Hildar got to work, starting with her neck and shoulders, going downwards. He was totally focused on his work, carefully avoiding her chest (as tempting as it was) and focusing on the uncovered parts. Her muscles were knotted, so there was real work to be done, and he really didnt want to screw up his opportunity to get a better employer than his current one. Besides, this lady was gorgeous even while (somewhat) covered.

	He worked his way down her ribs and wide hips, then finally her tummy, where he noticed something strange. What he assumed was a tiny bit of a belly turned out to be something else, something unyielding inside her.

	Uh, my lady

	Dont worry about it. Just continue. And no, dont ask.

	Despite his interest piqued yet again , he continued south, trying his best to ignore her butt and panty-covered crotch for now, and started to work on her shapely legs. There was a noticeable gap between them thanks to her wide hips and slimmer-than-expected thighs, but his professionalism kicked in and he stopped staring before being noticed. Her calves were knotted as hell, there was work to be done. 

	She surprised him when it turned out that she was ticklish on the soles of her feet, and she just skipped the whole part by turning around. He couldnt help but glance at her chest while she was moving  her orbs were really large and firm. (Whats up with these busty women around this place?) As gorgeous as they were, however, they were quickly forgotten when he checked out Beths ass.

	He quickly identified the source of his recent mystery  between Beths buttcheeks, mostly uncovered by her black thong resided a large ruby  probably attached to whatever was residing this womans ass. He assumed it was a buttplug of sorts, and it was enormous in size.

	You seem to have noticed my jewelry. You know why we mages like to wear gems and other ornaments, right? They serve as either mana batteries  like a fuel tank for spellcasting  or they have some other magical properties, like active magical spells and whatnot. Thats the only reason Im wearing it, and thats all you have to know about it.

	Hildar was absolutely sure that wasnt the only reason she was wearing that. He was not an expert in that department, but the plug seemed to be monstrous in size, and wearing something this huge casually would have been pointless and uncomfortable without being turned on by them. Butt plugs were sex toys, after all.

	He didnt say anything of this, however  he just resumed his work, this time staring on Beths ass. Her thong-wearing gave him a general permission to touch  she wasnt covering it with anything after all.

	Her butt was magnificent, an asslovers wet dream. It was a prefect mix if muscle with a tiny bit of fat layered on top of it, making it look soft yet sporty at the same time. It was also big  not too big, but big enough to compliment her wide hips, protruding nicely behind her. And finally, it also had a unique trait  a huge sextoy buried right inside it. After a closer examination Hildar was sure that it lived there at least semi-permanently  the buttcheeks around the wide cap were shaped in a unique way, partially covering the huge ruby while staying a comfortableresting position. Hildar never seen anything like it.
He dug in.

	Hey! Watch were you are touching!

	Hildar brought out his best puppy eyes. But you just said that you only wear this because of magic, right? Dont you want to make sure that everything is settled in properly? He asked, trying as hard as he could to sound innocent.

	 Well I guess you have a point there. Just be careful, okay? Beth grumbled back.

	Hildar couldnt help but grin  his smirk thankfully unseen by Beth who turned back to a more comfortable position. He knew he was pushing his luck but he couldnt help it  he just met with two sexually liberated women, and despite one of them becoming his new boss, he couldnt help but push back a little. It was better to avoid the friendzone problem now than later. 
He finished his massage by going higher along her back, going back to her butt a few times, and then finished at her lower neck. 

	You passed with flying colors Beth said after he finished. I feel reborn. We will definitely find a free room for you. Dont you dare to leave! Or I mean, in general, please dont leave the city. But please leave me now, I wish to dress up.
Thing were going better than expected. He left her room with a smile on his face.







	
	