Chapter Nine

Sunday morning.

I stirred into consciousness trying to figure out if yesterday was a dream.  I felt to my right, turned my head, and there was the blonde head of my sweet sister and lover.  To my left, nothing.

Maybe it was a dream.  I closed my eyes again.  And felt the other side of the bed move and a soft, warm female form slide against my left side, then fingers wrap around my soft dick, then with a little more motion, the fingers were joined by a pair of warm lips.  Jill.  It wasnt a dream.  More stirring, then the covers were tossed back.

I want some, said Pammy.

Jill looked up and smiled.  Here!  I got it while it was soft.

We couldnt fuck all day.  We tried.  We couldnt.  At dusk I was spent.  The wonderful ministrations of two lovely women only resulted in happy stirrings of my dick.  Jill had her soft dick.  Pammy was bemused.

I think we killed it, she laughed with Jill.  Poor thing.  At least his tongue isnt dead.

Jill purred, Neither is YOURS.

Pammy laughed, Yeah, but we dont want to ignore him.  Poor thing.

Jill stroked a fingertip the length of my soft dick.  Yeah, she giggled, an poor Dan, too.

And they laughed at the joke.

So how do you feel today, Jill? I asked.

Green eyes twinkled at me.  Like Im alive again for the first time in years.  I didnt realize how much I missed US.  She wiggled.  And raw.  I feel raw.  An Im sore.  My legs.  My calves.  I havent been using those muscles in YEARS!  And, yes, Dan.  Im happy.  You and Pammy make me happy.

A bathtub big enough for two isnt necessarily big enough for three.  Ours wasnt.  So I let the girls have first crack at it, and they were drying hair and combing each other when I got into the tub.

Watching them just doing normal things together, two nudes, contrasting body types, now THAT was sexy.  Jill had ended up two inches shorter, five feet four inches, than Pammy, and now, as I said, shes plump, rounded, where Pammy wasnt skinny, but she carried no extra poundage.  She didnt look muscular, athletic, just almost textbook weight, and heaven knows, I found everything a man could want with her body, but Jill was plump at a recreational level and equally desirable.

I lounged in hot water watching my two dolls.  When they finished, they both turned to face me.  I guess that outside of her abandon during sex, Jill was self-conscious because at first she sort of covered herself, but then she looked at Pammy standing there smiling and straightened herself up, letting her arms fall to her sides.

Im not used to people seeing me naked, she said.  Not lately.  I know she remembered our kid sex sessions where clothes didnt enter the picture for hours, but that was many years and an abusive husband ago.  Im fat, too.  Pammys pretty.

Pammy IS pretty, I said, but so are YOU, and your weight doesnt change that at all.  Youre pretty.  Very pretty, just in a different way.  I paused to smile.  And sexy.  Very much sexy.

Jill smiled and turned away slightly and looked at me over her shoulder.  I appraised her magnificent rounded ass.

Pammy broke the moment.  Lets wash the poor things back.  And I was bathed by two naked girls.

We put on our PJs to lounge around and watch Sunday night TV.  The evening was intimate, one or the other of us leaning into the other, kisses punctuating the evening, fingers lightly caressing genitals, Jilly having a little more soft dick time, then exchanging places with Pammy.  With Pammy face down in my crotch, Jillys sumptuous ass was there for me to rub my face against.  I slid my hand up her back under her PJs and caressed her.

She sighed.  Mmmmm.  Can anything be MORE perfect?

It certainly WAS good.  Pammy was still taking classes and my position at university required me to do that nine to five thing many days every week.  Jill was uncommitted.  That meant that some mornings I'd leave the house with the two of them still in bed.  This was a reluctant move on my part.  It also meant that some mornings I was the one still in bed when Pammy left for class.

But that first Monday after Jill moved in

We were all up for a pancake breakfast and Jill and I were in our PJs when Pammy shouldered her book bag, got a kiss from each of us, and then headed out the door.  I started clearing the table.

Ill do that, baby, Jill said.  You go get ready for work.

My first project started an hour late on Mondays.  No, I told Jill, Im taking a day off today.

She pitched in to help me with the chores.  Why?

Oh, I dont know  You and Pammy had a lot of phone time together in the last couple of weeks, so Im behind on my Jilly time.  I turned to look at her.

She was smiling, eyes twinkling.  Me an YOU?

Sure!  Dont act surprised!

I am surprised, Dan.  Pammy told me she didnt mind us being together when she wasnt here.

Oh, really?  She told ME to take the day off to be with you

It wasnt your  idea?

To be with you?  That, little girl, is ALWAYS my idea.

She giggled.  Okay.  Im just playing with you.  I understand.  Pammy just wanted us to have some time.  I suppose that she and I will have some time to ourselves.

I wiped my hands and tossed the dishcloth onto a corner of the counter and stepped toward my Jill.  She met my embrace.  So, how about a little relaxation?

Excuse me, sir, but you dont appear to be all that relaxed, confirming her words with fingers on my hard dick through the thin fabric of my pajama pants.  She took my hand and I followed her to the bed.

We threw the bedspread and top sheet back.  She jumped in and rolled on her back to receive me and our two clothed bodies merged.  She pushed her hand in between us and snaked my hard dick out through the fly of my pajamas.  Giggling, she then guided it through the fly of her pajamas and into her wet, waiting pussy.  We kissed and made a few tentative thrusts.

I never did it like this before, she giggled.

Fully clothed?

Yeah.

Kinda naughty, huh? I said, laughing.  I kissed her.

hee-hee.  Yeah.  We fucked for a little while and then she gave me a shove and started unbuttoning my PJ top.  I want a naked Danny.

I smiled at her.  Yeah, but naked Danny goes best with a naked Jill and I started undoing her buttons, freeing those delightful titties.

Tell me the truth, Dan, she said, Im not ugly?  I mean, I got fat...

Jill, sweet Jill, I held her face in my hands, youre beautiful, sexy, desirable, delicious, and I didnt tell you that stuff just because Pammy would kill me if I hurt your feelings.  Fat has nothing to do with it.  Youre softer and rounder than Pammy, but that just means youre beautiful in a different way.

Oh, Dan, she cried, throwing her arms around me and showering me with kisses.  I cant tell you how good it makes me feel to be wanted again.

Jill, I want you.  My hands couldnt resist those titties.  We kissed and then my mouth couldnt resist them either.  Her hands held my face in to her chest as I sucked her nipples.  While my mouth worked on her titty, my hands were holding and caressing that wonderful round ass.  She lay backward, dragging me in between her legs.  I humped up and my dick slid right back into her wet pussy.

Oh, Dan.  Mmmmmmm!  And we made love.  Slowly.  Tenderly.  In the afterglow, I held her in my arms and kissed her face.  Her green eyes opened and a soft smile was on her lips.

Dan, I love you.

I love you too, Jill.

We were still in bed nude when the door opened at a bit after eleven and Pammy waltzed in.

You two doin okay? she asked.  Jill looks a lot happier and Pammy dropped the book bag.  I need some loving myself right now  And Jill and I helped her with her need.

I won't say that there was always sex involved after Pammy left, but I do know that two weeks after moving in with me and Pammy, Jill was very much satisfied, as were I and Pammy.

Like this morning.  The alarm went off.  All three of us got up and Jill fixed breakfast for us while Pammy did a shower preparatory to leaving for class.  We ate at the table together and Pammy kissed each of us before leaving.  After the dishes were done, Jill looked at me with a twinkle.

Want one? she smiled.

One what, I played coy.  Didn't work, but I played it anyway.

One orgasm, baby.  You give ME one, I give YOU one.  She turned towards the bedroom and slid her PJ bottoms down over the curve of her ass.

That's impossible for me to resist.  I bounded up the hall with her and we fell into the bed together kissing.  I unbuttoned her PJ top to get to her titties.

Does Danny want a titty? Jill teased, holding her left one in her hand and pushing the nipple to my waiting lips.  My attachment to it with my mouth elicited a sigh from her.  Apparently he does...

We had a playful romp together.  It wasn't urgent.  It wasn't strained.  It was two people who were very familiar with each other's needs and wants and desires, just having fun.  Two minutes into the session we were naked, and I was burying under her ass to get my mouth to her pussy.  She welcomed my tongue with sigh-tinted giggles.  I lapped happily.  She turned on me in a wonderful sixty-nine.  Being just a bit shorter than Pammy though, Jill could only get the head of my dick while I ate her pussy unless I curled up.  Thats good, though, with her tongue and lips working on the head and her hand pumping the shaft.

You know, she said, the end of your dick reminds me of a mouthpiece.

So I've been told, I answered.  This was a little love-joke between us.  She'd first made that observation during one of those kiddie sex sessions years ago and demonstrated it perfectly, holding the head of my dick in her mouth just up to the corona while her tongue worked the tip over.

Little Jilly's juicy this morning, I observed.  She was.  Salty, tangy, musky, sexy juice.  I savored each lap of my tongue.  I moved my mouth up a little so my tongue could find her button, her clit, and I gently flicked across the tip and felt a shudder through her body.

Oh, Dan, she sighed.

I licked her gently to orgasm.  As she reached her peak she released my dick from her lips and held onto it, he body shuddering, a little squeal escaping between her teeth.  As she came down, I gently kissed her puffy vulva and lapped up the last escaping juices.

She finally turned around and kissed me full and slow, our tongues twisting in our mouths together between us.  Breaking the kiss, she pulled her face back and grinned.  Mmmmmm, lover, that feels soooo good.  Your turn!  And she slid off me sideways and turned her head towards my dick.  Lying beside me, she worked her mouth over my dick in long sucks, her tongue dancing on the head as she hummed with pleasure.  She turned her head and moved down so she was looking up at me.  Her eyes were atwinkle and she grinned, and then applied her lips to the junction on the underside where the head joined the shaft.  Lips gave way to teeth as she picked loose skin and tugged and released it, and then she tilted my dick to point at her mouth.  Her head bobbed and it disappeared halfway into her mouth.

Mmmmm, she moaned, do you know how much I enjoy sucking you?

I hope it's as much as I enjoy you sucking me, I said.

Her teeth lightly gripped the skin of my dick and she bobbed her head, sliding her teeth up and down the shaft, letting the skin slide.  This was a Pammy trick that sweet sister had passed on in one of their How can we drive Dan wild sessions.  She looked up at me, those green eyes laughing as she did what she knew was pushing me, no, sucking me towards orgasm.  Her fingers curved under my balls.

Your balls got a lot bigger, you know, since you were fourteen.  She kept sucking, bouncing my sack lightly with her fingers, grabbing a pinch of loose skin, tugging, running her fingertip between my balls and up the ridge of my dick.

Mmmmmm, you're driving me wild.

Don't go wild.  Just give Jill a good squirt.  She popped me back into her mouth and let her tongue dance.  I was close and getting closer...

Mmmmmmm, my sweet little Jilly...  Her fingers were around my shaft and her mouth was pulling back in a good suck when I came.

Mmmmmmphhh, was her answer, followed by milking strokes with her hand, timed with the pulses of my orgasmic surge and meeting her sucking mouth.  She kept me in her mouth as I slowly eased out of bliss, finally releasing my dick as it softened.  She looked down, looked at me, giggled, and said, God, I love your dick when it's soft, and popped the whole thing into her mouth.

You ought to be more relaxed now, sweetie, she said, referring to my having to go into the office that afternoon.

Pammy came in from class at lunchtime and the three of us shared soup and sandwiches.  I reluctantly left them together as I went back out.

That evening Pammy let me know that sweet Jill had spent the afternoon in bed with her, so the score for the day was Pammy, one, Dan, one, and Jill, two.  I said so.  Just trying to catch up for all those years, she said sweetly.

After supper was bathtime.  This time it was Jill and me in the tub and Pammy drying her hair, having bathed first.  Pammy was sitting on a stool, blow-drying and talking with us as Jill lounged back into my arms.

Jill spoke, you know, I've been thinking...

Uh-oh, I laughed.  Trouble.

I received an elbow in the ribs.  Ass! Jill laughed, I'm serious.

Pammy said, Ignore the ass.  What are you thinking?

I don't want pubic hair any more.  I'm the odd one.  Dan shaves his.  You shave yours...

Actually, I said, half the time we shave each other's.

Doesn't matter, continued Jill, you don't have hair.  I love how Pammy's muffin feels against my cheek.  Muffin was our pet name for the pubic mound and Pammy's was shaved slick.  Jill's, however, still retained a cover of sparse, fine, dark brown hair.

She stood up and turned around in the tub to show me, like I didn't know EXACTLY how her own muffin looked.

So? I said, we can fix that.  Right now.

Would you?

Pammy said, Yeah.  It'll be better if we do you the first time.  I know it was when I let Dan do mine.

Dan did yours?

Uh-huh.  The first time.  Dan does everything for me the first time.

Jill giggled, Me, too, you know...

Pammy brought the little stool over as I got out of the tub and toweled myself off.  Putting the stool in the tub, she said to Jill, Here, sit on this and put your feet on the edge of the tub and lean back.

Jill complied.  I got a razor and some shaving cream.  Jill said, That tickles...hee-hee as Pammy applied the foamy lather to Jill's pubes.

Now try not to wiggle too much, I said.  I began shaving that luscious little peach of a plump pussy, rinsing the razor between strokes.  I finished her muffin, her pubic mound and then Pammy helped me work down along Jill's labia, carefully, so as not to cut her.  We made quite a team, Pammy and me, shaving pussy.

Maybe we ought to post an ad on the bulletin board offering this service, I sad.

Pammy said, Better not.  I remember when you did mine.  You have to lick it afterward and I will NOT have you licking some strange girl's pussy.

We finished Jill and rinsed her very well and I planted a kiss right at the top of her slit.

Oooo, Jill cooed.

Here, said Pammy, offering her a mirror.  See if this is how you wanted it.

Jill surveyed her new look, tilting the mirror in various ways and spreading her legs and pussy lips.  Perfect! she announced.  Now somebody needs to try it out.  She smiled at me sweetly, then at Pammy.

Pammy said, I'm dying to try it, but let me tell you, the REAL fun is when you get fucked and you feel Dan's skin and your skin just touching with him buried inside you.

And that was where the evening headed, giving Jill's freshly shaved pussy a workout.  I had the joy of finding myself inside a pussy made wet by Pammy's tender lips and tongue, and when I slid inside Jill, she almost lunged up for her pubic mound to smash against mine.  It was a spectacular feeling, made all the more intense because it was new to our Jill.

And for the next few weeks it was me and Jill and Pammy in wonderful threesomes, me and Jill, Jill and Pammy, me and Pammy in duets, and life was good.

Pammy was nearing her own graduation and I was lining up for a job with an engineering firm here in the college town.  Pammy's placement near the top of her graduating class had her slotted with a financial institution in the same town.  That left our Jill.  She'd started her own college career while living with us and was two semesters in.  It was time to house-hunt.

Which explained why our happy trio was sitting in the middle of our king-sized bed one evening at eight. And Pammy looked at Jill.

You think it's time to tell him? Pammy asked, eyeing Jill.  The expression was the Not only have I been thinking, WE'VE been thinking look.

Jill said, Yeah.  Just as well.

What? I asked.

Weve been talking, Dan, started Pammy, and we have an idea.

Oooo-kay, I said.  Less said, the better.

We think you should marry Jill, she dropped the bomb.

Huh?

Yeah.

Jill said, Yeah.  Makes perfect sense.

How? I asked.  Pammy, whatever happened to you an' me forever?

Pammy fixed me in a stare.  You know, for somebody as smart as you are, you miss some obvious data, she said.  I never said I'm gonna leave or that anything changes.  It's just that if you try to buy a house, the bank will be more likely to lend to you if you're married.  And Jill can get on your insurance.  And if anyone ever was to snoop around, they'd see you married to Jill with your sister sharing the house.  Looks a whole lot more legit, doesn't it?

Yeah, said Jill.

Well, I see you two have figured this out already.

Pammy said, Yeah, I thought it up and told Jill, an' at first she didn't want to, then we talked some more and she decided it made sense too.

I looked at Jill, so, Miss Jill, will you marry me?

Squeal.  Hug. Kisses. Second girl, more squeals, more hugs and a month later Jill and I stood in front of a justice of the peace with my sister (whose pussy was still wet from my dick after fucking only an hour before) and a friend from work as witnesses, and we were married.  The honeymoon was attended well, Pammy providing extra titillation for me and my new bride whom I'd been fucking since she was ten.

We bought a house and a new king-sized bed.  Apparently you CAN wear out those mattresses.

And then another life-changing event happened.

I walked in from work one day a little late and found Pammy in Jill's arms being consoled.  I knew something was wrong, but I wasn't sure what.  Things had been going great.  Jill was two semesters away from her own graduation and Pammy had gotten a promotion at work and I was in the middle of a desirable project in my own career, so I couldn't figure this one out.

Pammy turned a teary face to me.  I'm late, she announced. Late, as in PERIOD late.

I stuttered.  But...  The Pill..

Oh, Dan, I ALWAYS take my pill.  But last month when I had the flu.  The doctor said that can mess things up...

Jill was mute.  We knew Jill's condition precluded her own pregnancy and Pammy'd been on the pill for a decade.  We'd discussed and decided that children weren't on the agenda, but deciding is one thing.  Being presented with a fact is another.

I joined my girls on the sofa and hugged my sister.  It's okay, baby, I said, whatever we need to do to make it right, it's okay.

Abortion had just become legal and although Pammy and I weren't religious, we'd discussed the issue and at the time of our discussions had decided that it was wrong. We'd even laughed about except in cases of rape or incest.  But this brought the discussion into sharp focus.  I was dumb-founded, but I knew that I had to take care of my Pammy.

Dan, she said, I don't know what to do.  I'm not ready, uh, WE'RE not ready for this.

Sweetness, I sad, stroking her blonde hair, You don't have to get in a hurry.  How late are you?

A week.  A week and a half.

Oh.

Jill said, I told her that it might just be a 'thing', you know.  Girls miss periods, sometimes.

Pammy sobbed, I haven't missed a period since I was thirteen.

Well,I sad, lets give it a few days and then go see the doctor, okay?  We don't need to get all bent out of shape.

That didn't  help. The house was in a somber mood for the evening.  And the next day.  Pammy was in shock.  For the first time in years we went through evenings with not a hint of sex.

Third day.  Pammy was going to make a doctor appointment.  My phone rang.  I answered.

SHRIEEEEEEEK!

HUH?

Dan, I STARTED!  I started!  Come home early.  You're gonna get the best blowjob EVER!

I must say it was truly a great blowjob, attended by two delightful young ladies after they'd bathed me luxuriously.  Pammy did the honors on my dick, ably and happily assisted by Jill with a lubricated finger up my ass.   I came like a fountain, then Jill restored me to hardness and screwed me happily while Pammy joyously fondled us both.

We three lay in the bed satiated.

So, said Pammy, when are you making your appointment?

My appointment?

Yeah, you scared the crap out of me and Jill.  We think you should get a vasectomy.

Mighty nice of you two come to that conclusion without me...

Jill said, Pammy gets off the Pill.  Those can't be that good for her.  And we never have to worry about her turning up pregnant again.

Yeah, said Pammy.  So you get snipped.  Why not?  You planning on impregnating some poor innocent thing?

Good point.

Bad pun. Jill piped in.  We'll nurse you back to health, okay?

It wasn't easy convincing a doctor that a guy in his mid-twenties actually NEEDED a vasectomy, but we made it happen.  Two weeks later my two giggling mates escorted me back into the house.  There was little spring in my step and I was accorded sympathy, ice-packs and the vision of the two of them shamelessly running around extremely nude, teasing me, knowing I couldn't do things for a few days.

The doctor told Jill it would take at least eight ejaculations to clear the sperm out of my plumbing and in five days the discoloration was almost gone and it was time for my two babes to drain my reservoir.  Pammy told me, Baby, since I'm the reason you had to get snipped, I should have to bear the burden of draining you.

Hey, said Jill, it's not like it's all that much of a chore, is it?  I want some.

I lay back with my arms crossed.  You two figure it out.  I'll be right here.  The bed bounced as Jill straddled me.  My face.  And knelt down, presenting me with that lovely plump juicy pussy.  She slowly dragged it lightly across my lips and I stuck my tongue up between those beautiful folds.

Oooooo, Dan, I love your tongue.

I felt the bed rock some more and lips closed over my dick.  Pammy.  Doing just one of the wonderful things Pammy does, teeth lightly scraping my shaft, tongue lapping around the head, lips closed around me, warm, and suction, glorious, hot suction, and MRRRRMMMMMM! from deep in her throat.  Jill raised herself off me and moved down to shower my face with kisses, little hot kisses, then her lips fastened on mine and we swapped tongues.  One of my hands was stroking the back of my lovely Pammy's head and the other was tending to a soft, plush handful of Jill's ass.  Pammy's mouth was working magic and that would have been plenty enough delight but Jill was also active.

She broke off our kiss and ducked a little further down and clamped her lips onto my nipple and sucked.  And bit.  And moved down my chest kissing and sucking and biting until her face was there with Pammy's at my dick.  Pammy popped my dick out of her mouth and offered it to Jill.  Jill responded with her own hot mouth, sucking and biting me, then gave my dick back to Pammy.

Pammy's butt was in the air.  Jill moved around behind Pammy and began to eat her out from behind.  I knew there was a tongue on Pammy's asshole as Pammy went Mmmmmmmm, uh, Nnnnnn, MMMMMM!  Since she had my dick in her mouth while these noises were happening, the sound traveled to the center of my being.

Oh.  Oh, Pammy!  Gah!  Slow.  You're gonna kill me!

Giggle. Mmmmmmm.  Somebody's leaking!  She was sucking in my pre-cum.  Mmmmmmmm.

She pulled my dick out of her mouth long enough to tell Jill, Jill, baby, do my button!  Please!  My dick went back into her mouth.  Blonde head bobbed.  Lips sucked.  I was THAT close.  A finger slid under my butt and poked into my rectum and I exploded.

Ahhhhh!  God!  Pammy!  Ahhhhh!

Mnnnnnnnnghhhhhh!  Nnnnnnngghhhh! Jill did Pammy in.  It was all Pammy could do to keep from biting my dick in two as she came herself, trying to maintain enough control to suck my load.  Finally her head came up, those blue eyes closed shut tight.  She arched her head back and sucked in a deep breath.  Ohhhh, Jill!  Damn it, just when Dan was squirting...

Jill bounced up and lay on her back beside me and Pammy, giggling.  That's ONE, she laughed.  I really LOVE you two.  She rolled over, bringing her face to my groin.  Ooooooo, look!  It's a soft dick!  My favorite thing!  And scooped my dick into her mouth.  Mmmmmmm! You KNOW I love your dick when it's soft!

Pammy propped up on an elbow to watch.  I'd play with your balls, she said, but they're still kind of an odd color.  Her hand idly ran fingers through Jill's tousled locks as Jill worked my dick back to hardness.

Now Danny's got a hard-on, she giggled.  Then she stood and straddled me and eased down, facing away from me and began to work her pussy on my dick.  Pammy's hands explored our mating parts, my dick sliding in and out of Jill's juicy pussy.  Pammy put her juice-covered fingers in her mouth.

Turn around and fuck him, Jill, said Pammy.  That way I can lick you.

Jill obeyed.  Mmmmmm, Dan, I love you.  She lay full down on me and I kissed her as her hips rocked up and down fucking me.

I felt a breath on my balls and then lips and tongue on the dick that was sliding in and out of Jill's pussy.  Pammy worked us both over with her mouth.  Jill just purred and kept pumping her hips on me.  I started pumping up against her.

Oooooh, is my Danny going to do it again?

Yes, I was.  Happily so.  Joyously so.  Jill raised up so she could get her favorite angle and ground against me all the way to a simultaneous orgasm.  Pammy watched my semen oozing out of Jill's pussy, pumped out by my final surging plunges.

That's two, she said.

My lovers, my wife and my sister, dutifully worked me two orgasms a day for a week, then a second.  Finally Jill said, Danny, it's time.

Time for what?

Time to get a sample for the doctor to make sure you're fixed.

Oh.

Pammy's gonna do the honors.  I'm gonna help.

Pammy produced a little glass bottle.  We only need a little bit, she said.  Just a few drops.  We get to keep the rest, she grinned sweetly.

Jilly was down on my dick with her mouth.  Just priming it, she said.  She was replaced by Pammy.  I saw Jill reach on the nightstand for a tube of lube and apply some to her finger.  I expectantly rotated my hips to give her better access to my asshole.  Jill's finger went in while I was still in Pammy's mouth.

Pammy pulled her mouth off me.  I never stop getting a kick out of the way his dick jumps when you do that, Jill.  And she started jacking me off, her sample bottle laying on the sheets next to us.  Jill's finger was deep in my ass, massaging my prostate.  My dick could have cut diamonds.

Precum started dripping off its head.  Pammy's mouth came close to my dick and her tongue cleaned off the precum.  Got to make sure you get the right sample, she said.  And kept on jacking.  Jill's free hand stroked my sack gently.  I was getting close.

Pammy felt the throbbing start, presaging my squirting.  Jill!  Here he comes!  And I did.  The first powerful spurt arced high and dropped onto my chest.  The second, almost as high.  Then a third, and the rest just pulsed in gouts out of the end of my dick.  Pammy scooped up a sample and screwed the lid on the bottle.

Jilly sat up, her finger popping out of my ass, and she wiped it on a waiting towel, then smeared my cum over my chest.  Do you want to finish his dick, Pammy?

Uh-huh, said Pammy.  I gasped as her mouth closed on my sensitized dick.  Jill was licking the smears off me.  Finishing my dick, they went after each other, kissing, then presenting me with a sixty-nine, a blonde lapping in one pussy, as tousled, curly brown one in another, and in a few hungry minutes the sounds of happy orgasms came from my lovers.