Sheila 

Chapter 1 

I met Sheila, shortly after my divorce. She was everything I was looking for in a woman. Her figure made men drool and her personality was bubbly and refreshing. It wasn't until our third date that I found out that I had a desire for cock.

I had invited her over for dinner, preparing my specialty Chicken Cordon Bleu with rice and a chilled bottle of wine. I finished cleaning up and joined Sheila on the couch. Out of nowhere, she jumped into my lap and forced her tongue into my mouth. Her tongue seemed endless as I felt it in my throat. I fought to force her tongue out of my mouth but I failed.  I let her have free rein of my mouth. After what seemed an eternity, she pulled back and laughed as she shook her mane of hair. Taking my hands, she pressed them to her tits as she assaulted my mouth again.  This time she stiffened her tongue and fucked my mouth. Instinctively, my cheeks puckered and I sucked on her tongue, trying to keep it from withdrawing.  My hands weren't idle either and my dick tented my pants. My fingers squeezed her tit flesh, in time to her tongue assault. With each squeeze, her nipples seemed to burn into my flesh.

You'll do nicely."  She cooed
I was hot, lust filling me with desire for this woman. Getting of my lap, she pulled her top over her head exposing the most beautiful tits I had ever seen. They were large and well proportioned to her body.  Her nipples were like erasers extending a full inch from her flesh. 

Shaking her hair out, she said "You like"?  I was enthralled. With a quick flick of the wrist, her skirt fell to the floor, leaving her in white silken panties and shoes.
 
Standing inches from me, she tore off her panties exposing a semi-hard cock. My mouth must have dropped because before I knew it, her dick was lodged in my throat. My first reaction was to gag but before I could, her dick withdrew to my lips only to force its way back in.  I wanted to break free but her hand had a tight grip on my head. 
Shush baby, let it happen, She continued talking to me, her voice was hypnotic and I felt the last of my resistance slip away. With each thrust, I found myself trying to get more of girlcock down my throat.  I was applying more suction with each thrust. Sensing my submission, Sheila fucked deep into my mouth until she was fully embedded. 

Look at me, she said in a commanding voice

I didnt realize my eyes had been closed. Opening my eyes, they traveled up her body, between her breasts until I made eye contact.

 My beautiful cocksucker she smiled down at me. She stroked my head and then pulled her dick out my mouth.
 
I was numb. This woman with a dick had just raped my mouth. I wasnt disgusted or revolted. I wanted more! My eyes took in this fleshy appendage. The head was shaped like a mushroom. The skin was soft and smooth. Behind this was a roll of flesh, veins ran it length to where it attached to her body. She didnt have any public hair and her balls were tight against her body. 

Giving into my lust, I kissed the tip, tentatively at first, then more assertively. All my energy was focused on making love to this rod with my mouth I wanted my rewarded to be  a volcanic eruption of man juice which I wanted  to be savored like a good wine.  My whole being was centered in my mouth. I kept repeating my suctioning, each time moving a little faster. I heard Sheila begin to moan, which only spurred me on. 

Yes, my darling cocksucker, you need it, you want it. Sheilas hips moved in and out and her cock went further down my throat. I was in heaven. I never wanted it to leave my mouth. I tasted her salty precum and knew it would not be long before she emptied herself into me. After a few more thrusts, she grabbed my head and with one final thrust, spewed her girl come into my mouth. My forgotten cock erupted in my pants making my hips jerk in rhythm to Sheilas. Her semen tasted like nectar as it flowed down my throat to my belly.
 
Sheila withdrew her cock from my mouth and bent down kissing me with as much passion as I had her dick. She licked the insides of my mouth trying to catch any remnants of her seed. Pulling away, she said, Next time its my turn, with that she threw on her clothes and headed out the door, stopping only to smile at me and blow me a kiss. 

It was only then that I realized that I had cum in my pants and a smile came to my face. Later that night, lying in bed, I reviewed the events of the evening. As I thought about it, my hand instinctively went to my cock. Within minutes, I blew another load into my hand, which I savored as it flowed to my belly. 

Chapter 2 

Over the next few days, I didnt hear from Shelia and I was struggling with what I had done. Every time I thought about her and her dick I got hard. A whole new world had opened up for me. My work suffered as all I could think about was cock. I was going to various gay bars at night. I sucking guys off in bathrooms which did little to quench my thirst. 

I  needed to be fucked and called Shelia. She was happy to hear from me and would love to come for dinner again. We made a date for the next night.

Over dinner she told me how she became a transsexual and I related how I enjoyed sucking her cock and that I couldnt think about anything else. Smiling, she said she was a top and loved being the fucker but occasionally liked to be the fuckee. We continued to discuss the gay lifestyle and how  my attraction was waning toward women. 

After cleaning up, she excused herself and went the bathroom. I got out a bottle of wine and poured two glasses. I handed her the wine as she sat down on the couch and crossed her legs. As we talked she unbuttoned her blouse exposing her cleavage. She wasnt wearing a bra and her nipples were hard but my cock never noticed. We continued to talk and she leaned back against the sofa, her arms spread across the sofa forcing her breasts even more tightly against her blouse. But what I noticed most was that she had spread her legs exposing her girl cock. She wasnt wearing any panties.  I stopped talking in mid sentence. My eyes glued to her crotch.

 You want it, dont you she purred. She had me and she knew it. Then come and get it 

In a flash, I was on my knees stuffing my mouth full of cock meat. I couldnt get enough of it. 
Thats it baby, youre a natural. My mind was totally focused on sucking this beautiful pole. Take off your clothes, Im gonna fuck you.

 Without releasing my prize, I somehow got out of my clothes. Sheila grabbed my hair, pulling me of her love pole. In one swift motion, she had pushed me onto my back, lifted my legs and thrust her hard dick up my ass to the hilt. The pain was excruciating and I almost passed out. 

Sheila began speaking in a low voice, This is what you wanted, isnt it baby. You love my cock in your mouth and now youll love it in your ass. It hurts now but just wait. You wont be able to get enough

 All I could think of was that I had this pole up my ass splitting me apart. She slowly began to fuck in and out of me. With each thrust, I felt like I was being split open and every reverse thrust left me feeling empty. My mind felt the pain but my cock felt the pleasure. My hips rose and fall in rhythm with Sheilas fucking.  The pain eased and my legs automatically wrapped themselves around her waist and my hands found her tits. 

Fuck me I cried! 

Thats it baby, feel my girlcock. Your manpussy loves it; you love it, dont you?

Yes, I hissed, thrusting my hips for emphasis. Fuck me, dammit I cried.

 With that Sheila fucked me even harder. Take my cum, you slut, I going to fill your man cunt. 

She fucked me so forcefully that I moved a few inches along the floor. Again and again she rammed in and out of me.  I was a cunt to her dick. All too soon, I felt her empty herself into me, coating my guts with her semen. After a few more thrusts, she collapsed on me, kissing me deeply. 

I couldnt believe it. I had just been fucked andI loved it. I was still hard;  the lust overwhelming. I reared up and threw Sheila onto her back. My cock found her ass and ploughed into ass pussy. 

No! please dont She cried. 

This just spurred me on. I fucked as hard as I could. After a few poundings.

Sheila moaned and cried, Fuck me! Fill me up! 

I kept pounding into her. It was like my brain had move to my cock and I wanted to hurt her, split her open. With each thrust, the pressure built in my head. I needed release. I arched my back and my cum flew out of me. I half expected to see it come out of her mouth, I came so hard.  With one final thrust, I collapse on her. She stroked my head as my now limp dick slipped out of her. 

We stayed that way for a long time then went to bed

Tyler Thane
tylerthane@yahoo.com
<www.asstr.org/~tylerthane>

