
Me and my Father In law-16

Jeevan << jeevan80@yahoo.com >>

The Boy Next Door
	
	Our heroine Seema wrote to me something interesting which I wish to bring to you readers. Read it in this story!

		I was watching this boy from a long time. He is Ramesh and he studies higher secondary in science. He is tall, 5' 9" , slim and handsome. His college was in the morning and he used to return from the college by 1 in the afternoon. I was curious about this boy because he was always watching me when ever I go to the balcony or is in my room.
		His flat is exactly opposite to ours and my bedroom window is on the side of his flat. His window is exactly opposite mine and you can look into one anothers window without any difficulty. And our balconies are also opposite to one another.  Having said this let me go ahead and tell you the real thing.
		One day I woke up in the morning and lazily walked in to my balcony. I was shedding my laziness by stretching my arms and moving my body. I was wearing a loose shirt and shorts and I don't know how many buttons on the shirt were open! I wasn't wearing anything inside. I saw this boy, Ramesh come into balcony and start some workout. He was in his t-shirt and shorts and was working out with the Bullworker. While doing the exercises he was looking in my direction and when I minutely watched him I found that he was looking at my breasts. I became conscious and looked down to see if my breasts were spilling out. They were! I had not buttoned two top buttons of the shirt and so the cleavage of my breasts was seen. 
	Goose pimples were all over my body. I felt excited with this boy looking at my breasts. I looked at him and he looked away, may be afraid of me. I rested my hands on the balcony railing and bent down pretending to look down. Now I knew that more than half of my breasts were visible to Ramesh and I also knew that he was looking at them. I raised my eyes and looked towards him. Ohhh god! He was openly staring at my breasts and looking deep into them. my heart started to beat faster and I straightened up and looked in his direction. He moved his eyes from my breasts and looked at me and smiled. I smiled back at him and decided it was enough! I went in my room to change. 
		It was morning and my husband was getting up. I hugged him and kissed him good morning. He was surprised! He did not understand this. But how could I explain him? I went into the bathroom and completed my morning chores. Later in the afternoon I thought of this incidence and felt some itch down below, in my choot. As I thought more about this my choot became wet and I had to rub it to cool it off.
		I looked into Ramesh's window and found he was sitting on a computer. The monitor was clearly visible in the day light and I wondered what he was doing. I looked again and found that he was watching some movie. I could not clearly see it but knew something was HOT! When I observed minutely, I could see fast movement of his hand. What was he doing? Was he masturbating looking at the movie? Was he watching PRON movie? Ohhhhhh he must be!
	Then I saw his hands stop moving and his body stiffening. He was cumming! After few minutes he got up and went inside. May be to wash his hands off the cum? All this made me hot and I started to stroke my choot with lust. I was still looking at his window and wanted him to peek on me while I was rubbing my choot. My hands moved slowly and tenderly searching for the nerves that send the pleasure everywhere. I then unbuttoned my blouse and took out my breasts that needed attention too. As I was massaging my fleshy orbs, I saw him enter the room and come to the window. I wanted him to peek and I had the light on for this very purpose. At least he can watch the movements inside.
		Then I was shocked! I saw him bring binoculars and look through them at my window. Should I allow him to watch OR should I stop and put off the light? I was in two minds but the lust took over and won the battle. I lay carelessly on the bed rubbing my breasts and choot. I had to buy Telescope I thought. That will make things better for both of us. But that would be later. At present I was content to let him watch me. I looked at his window and saw him looking into my bedroom through the binoculars. I pretended that I did not know he was watching me and proceeded to continue my show.
		I put my hand inside the blouse I was wearing and started to feel my breasts slowly. I was sitting on the bed and the vision was clear to him. I then unbuttoned my blouse and freed my breasts. They had swelled with anticipation and I traced my nipples and ran my fingers around my aureoles. It felt so perverted! But I did not care as long as I was not discovered. I looked at his window and found him rubbing down below, may be his hardening lund. I did not know how close he could see me but just the thought that he was watching me made me wet. I did not want him to look at my choot yet but still I could not help pushing my hand into my petticoat to caress my choot. he must be just watching my movements as I caressed my choot but could not see it clearly. Ramesh was too engrossed in watching and rubbing his hardening meat. I turned around as if to hide my breasts from his view and showed him my solid ass instead. I moved my ass from side to side and swayed it seductively. This I did for quite some time and then turned around. 
		What I saw made me cum! Ramesh had his lund out and was openly jacking off looking in my direction. I buttoned up my blouse and walked into the other room. I did not want him to know that I enjoyed all this. I was really excited and afraid at the same time. What if he finds out that I enjoyed? I was afraid.
		That night I had violent sex with Sunil and I came many times imagining the boy fucking me. Next day I told everything to my FIL. He looked surprised at my daring but told me itsa OK and he would help me achieve my goal, fucking with the boy. The same day my FIL went to Ramesh and talked to him. he said that Ramesh was very upset when he talked to him but later on he knew that FIL was not knowing anything and calmed down.
FIL gave me a hint that Ramesh goes to jogging early in the morning around 530 AM. He suggested that I should also go for a walk early in the morning to the open ground we had nearby. Good Idea I thought! May be this will help me get introduced to Ramesh and things will move fast. I took my FIL's advice and prepared to go for jogging from the very next day. In the night I glanced many a times to his window to catch glimpses of him. I think I was getting addicted to this!
After we retired to our bedroom I again glanced at his window and found him sitting at the computer doing something. Occasionally he used to look at our bedroom window but sice my hubby was also there he looked back. My husband never knew I was glancing at the opposite window. It was our practice that during our lovemaking I used to draw the curtains and put a dim light on. BUT today it was different. I purposely kept the curtains open and put a dim light. I knew he was having binoculars and would be able to watch us up close. There was always fear that someone else may also watch us. But I had to take the risk.
I went to bed with my husband and put my hands on his neck and pulled him to me. He was surprised at my behaviour but put his hands on my back and pulled me to him. his face was away from the window and I was facing the window. I watched the light in the opposite window go off and it was dark in there. I knew that he was about to aim his binoculars at us! Thinking of this I kissed my husband full on the lips pushing my tongue deep in his mouth. Men are always in a hurry to fuck! Sunil started to remove my blouse and then pushed my breasts out, kneading them and putting his face in the cleavage. He started to bite there lightly and I moaned! He was now unzipping his pants and pulling out his half erect lund. 
I watched the window. I saw slow movements there and then the lenses of the binocular flashed. Ohhhh GOD he was watching us! I pushed my tongue out and teased him like a baby. I wanted to make him know that I knew he was watching us and so I even winked at him! I could not see him clearly but guessed that he must have his lund out of his shorts and must be rubbing it.
I made my husband lie down on the bed and straddled him looking at Ramesh. It was as if  I was inviting him to fuck me! Ohhhhh I am a slut to be! Zaavaadi ssoonbai ( fuck hungry bahu). I pushed my wet and dripping pucchi ( cunt) on Sunil's lavada. Ohhh god! I was so wet that his lavada slipped in easily upto the hilt and I felt his cock head rubbing my cervix. 
" Ohh Sunil! Zaava maala! Jooraane zaav re! aahhhhh kaay mast lavada aahe tumacha! Zzzzaaavvvvvv maala!" ( fuck me Sunil, fuck me hard! What a nice lund u have got fucckkk)
Sunil was surprised at my talking dirty and wondered what had got into me. But he was really excited at my talking dirty and I felt his lund twitch and then force its way deeper in my choot. I looked at the boy opposite watching us. Ohhhhhhhhh! He was rubbing his lund with one hand and holding the binoculars with the other. This made me very excited. I murmured to my husband, 
" Sunil! Mmaazze Uroj daab na! ahhh pakad tyaana donhi haatane! Aaahhhhh bagha tumachi baayako kaashi zaavaate aahe tumhaaala! Ahhhhhh halava tumacha bulla maazya pucchit!"  ( knead my breasts Sunil! Catch them with both hands! See how your wife fucks you. Push your lund in my choot)
	 	Sunil pulled me to him and caught both my breasts and pumped them hard. Ohhh God! It felt so nice and the fact that the boy opposite was watching all this made it more exciting. I moaned loudly and jumped on Sunil's lund, taking it in and then moving it out. Phhhhaaachhhh Phhhhaaachhhh Phhhhaaachhhh sound echoed in the room with my wet choot fucking Sunil's lund. Sunil pinched my hardened nipples and then pulled my face and kissed me. I kissed him back and swirled my tongue inside his mouth. Our tongues played with each other and then he caught my lower lip and sucked hard. Ohhhhhhh! I almost came.
		Sunil was busy kneading my breasts and touching my nipples with the flat of his palm. My nipples were already hard and I wanted him to pinch them and suck on them. I urged him 
		" ohhhh Sunil maazyaa  stananchee bonde daaba! Chookha tyaana! Aahhhhh chaun taka! Khaanun taka! Aahhhhh bagha mee kashi dhungan haalawat zavate aahe tumhaala!" (Sunil suck my nipples! Eat them! See how I am fucking u shaking my ass!)
		Sunil could not bear the pleasure of hearing me talk dirty and he caught my nipples in his thumb and forefinger and pinched them. he then put his mouth and sucked on them biting them lightly and lovingly. Ahhhhh I was in heaven! I sank deep onto his lund and moved my body to and fro, fucking him with our crotches rubbing together. My blood engrossed clitoris was rubbing on my husbands crotch and that made me mad with sensation. Sunil was moving his ass so that his lund fucked my choot vigorously. Ahhhhhhhhh! Ohhhhhhhhh!
	I sneaked a glance at Ramesh who was too busy watching us. I saw fast movement of his hand and knew that he was pumping his lund in abandon masturbating. I was so excited! I moved my body to and fro on my hubby's lund and rubbed my breasts on his chest. Ohhhhhhhh! Then I knew this was the moment to tell Sunil something!
		Moving my choot on his lund I whispered in his ear,
	" Ohhhhh! Sunil. I want another lund! I want to feel two lunds deep within me! Ohhh! One in my choot and another in my mouth! I would love to fuck while I suck! Will you arrange one for me?"
 		"Ohhh! You slut of a wife! Sali zavaadi! Dusara lavada paheejet tula zzaavvaayaala! So you want two lunds hu! Ohhhhh! You excite me. Zaaavvvaaaade! Sali la don don lavada paheejet! Chal deto tula! Bol konacha?" Sunil said with excitement building in his lund.  i could feel his lund swell and become more hard. His fucking speed increased two folds. Ahhhhh I don't know how I said this. But it sure helped increase the pleasure. As we fucked he asked,
		"Are you serious about two lunds? Ohhhhh I am dreaming! How about that friend of mine who looks at you and penetrates your clothes? That Vasanta! Greedy fellow! Would you love to take his lavada?"
		Ohhh god! He was asking me! Vasant was his close friend and came to our house often. His looking at me was different and Sunil had correctly guessed.
		" Sunil! Maala fakta lavada paheejet! Konacha te tu tharav! Mee kaya zavun ghenar phakta! Teen pan chaalateel maala! Tu paan kona baai la zzavv maazya saamor!" I said sexily.  I looked at the window and saw Ramesh. He had his lund out and was jacking off, beating his meat like there was no tomorrow! What a sight! The boy was absorbed in watching us fuck and rubbing his own lund. Poor boy! I had to give him my choot!
		Sunil was stunned! His faithful wife was asking for 3 cocks! She wanted to be fucked with all those cocks. Ohhhhhhh! I felt Sunil's lund swell and then cum spurted out of that wonderful lund with great force. Ohhhh god he was cumming! My own choot contracted on his spurting lund and clamped it. My choot quenched its thirst with that hot cum from my hubby. I lay prone on his body wondering if he was serious. When we came to our senses Sunil said, 
		" Seema! You said that you wanted more lunds. I was so excited with the idea that I came! I don't know why this excites me? But it sure does. Will you really fuck another man? Ohhhhhhhh! May be we can talk about it if you wish."
		" Sunil! I was just telling you my fantacy. I am obsessed with this and sometimes really wonder how it came to my mind. But I do fantacise about it. Also I fantacise you; fucking one of my friends. Say Sheela! Or Neeta. I would love to watch you fucking them. But can we be serious about it? I don't think so. You think over and we can talk."
		" seema ! I never knew you fantacise as I do. Yes we may be serious and can do it. But lets play it when we have sex. I want to see how great Slut you can become! I like to call you that. Zaavadi!"
		" Yes call me dirty names! Talk dirty! I love that."
		We talked that much and then slept peacefully. All the night I waas dreaming of Ramesh, beating his meat. I wanted to go further than this! Sunil will not mind this , I thought.
		Next day I told my FIL about the boy looking at us. He was thrilled and asked me to give him lift, encourage him! He said that Ramesh goes for jogging early in the morning at 530 A.M. he advised me to go tooooo. My FIL so understanding! SO I was to seduce him, the boy next door

END of part 16
