Author: SM
Title: Buxom Mother and Daughter
Part: 4
Universe: SM, Buxom Mother and Daughter
Summary: Big-boobed mother and daughter move in across the breezeway from Greg, who goes over to offer to help.  To his surprise, they want his help in many intimate ways, and so the fun begins.
Keywords: MF+, FF, light m-dom/slave, f-dom/slave, M/F, humil, exhib, swing, rom 
Language: English

     Buxom Mother and Daughter Part 4
     (MF+, FF, light m-dom/slave, f-dom/slave, M/F, humil, exhib, swing, rom)
     By SM
     This is a work of fiction for adult entertainment.  You know the drill, if you're too young, or it's illegal where you live, and all that, then don't read it.  How hard can it be to understand that?  
     Ok, if it's hard, then just skip this story anyway, just to be on the safe side.
     On the other hand, if you want to, you can leave a message at the beep.  BEEEP  
     And if you tried to leave a message, don't read this story, either.  Do not pass Go and do not collect $200 dollars.  Proceed directly to your psychotherapist and ask for help with your problem of reality testing.  And pray that God will help all the rest of us with that problem, too.  Lord, do we need that.  Yes, we do.
     
     You will need to read the first parts to get the flow of this story, so if you haven't, go to http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/SM/Buxom_Mother_and_Daughter_Series/ . . . in case you haven't noticed, this is Part 4, with Part 5 to come, as soon as I can write it.

     ----------------------------------------------------------
     When Melissa and Michelle came out of the bedroom, they had several printouts of Michelle's financial records.  Candi and Alice were still snuggling with Greg, but he told them to give him some time with their moms, so they went into Candi's bedroom.  Melissa handed him the printouts and snuggled up against his side, and Michelle sat sideways on the couch facing him on the other side.
     "I'm sorry for being so rude earlier, sir--a lot of frustration sort of burst out.  But, you've been very nice to offer to help me.  I don't really deserve it, with how I acted."
     "Don't worry about it.  Life has been hard for you, so I can understand your frustration.  The big thing here, though, is to see if we can improve things for you.  We can't take away the past, but we can help you have a better present and future," he said as he looked over the list of her debts.  "These will be easy to take care of.  I'll have one of the accountants call you tomorrow and arrange for all of these to be paid right away.  Then we can talk about what job you want to have, and get that set up."
     Michelle leaned over and hugged him and kissed his cheek, a few tears of relief in her eyes.  "Thank you so much.  It will be such a relief to have those out of the way."
     "And what about your other needs, Sis?  You've been frustrated personally and sexually, I'm sure, too," Melissa said.
     "Yes, that's true.  But, it's hard to talk about," she said blushing.
     "Well, until Master came along, I was going bonkers.  I'm still horny all the time, but now since I know I can get at least most of my needs met, it's not so frustrating."
     "Part of my problem is that my sexual needs are . . . a bit unusual," Michelle said.
     "Well, mine are, too . . . after all, I'm a slave, and I need punishment and humiliation as a part of my sexual needs.  So, does Candi, it appears." 
      "I know that now.  I need kinky stuff like that, too, actually.  I don't know that I've ever really gotten those needs met ever before, though, so it scares me.  After high school, I had sex that one time with a bunch of guys at a party, and got pregnant with Alice.  I don't even know who her father is.  After that, I have stayed away from guys for sex."
     "You mean you haven't had sex since then?" Melissa asked.
     "Uhm <ahem> . . . no, that's not quite true," she said blushing.
     "She only said she stayed away from guys . . . so you had sex with women, I take it?" Greg broke in.
     "Uhm . . . yes," she said, blushing and looking down at the floor.
     "So, you're a lesbian?"
     "No, I'm bi-sexual.  I still dream of being fucked by guys.  But, that's not the real problem."
     "Well, it's up to you, if you want to tell us about it, . . . if not, that's ok, too," Greg said.  "We'll help you either way.  But if you choose to tell uh, we'll keep it private--the only other person who I would talk with about it is my wife, and she won't talk about it to anyone."
     "Well . . . uhm  . . . <a long silent pause>. . . ok . . . here's the truth . . . I like kinky sex, humiliation, pain . . . I dream about having a woman sit on my face and have guys fuck me--I had those things in high school, but not all at the same time.  And I feel driven to do exhibitionist things, too, like driving naked with a vibe in my cunt and clothespins on my nipples.  I haven't been caught yet, but it was close a couple of times.  I'd love to have sex in some public place, but I've never done that yet.  I think I'm a submissive, too, Melissa.  I've just never trusted a guy or a gal enough to let it happen for me to serve anyone, since I thought it would destroy what I had worked so hard for in raising Alice.  All I've done over the years is have sex with other women occasionally.  When I can't stand it every couple of years, I go out to a lezzy bar, and go home with one of them and have her sit on my face, and then I feel ashamed and never see her again.  It's been years since I've done that, though.  Then I masturbate a lot to the humiliation.  And . . . I . . . uhm . . . have had dreams of you sitting on my face, Melissa.  I just never admitted it."
     "Wow . . . that would be fun!" Melissa said, giggling.  "I think I can help on that one!"
     At that moment, Greg's cell rang.  He answered it, and conferred briefly, then hung up.  "That was my wife, she's on her way over."
     "You'll like her," Melissa said to her sister.  "She might want to sit on your face, too!  You'll have to tell her about it yourself."  
     Michelle's face turned bright red, but it was obvious that she was turned on by the thought, and by the exposure and humiliation of it.  "Uhm . . . I feel strongly compelled to do that, but you'll have to help me get started, Sis.  Ok?"
     "Sure."
     There was a knock at the door, so Melissa went and let Cheryl in.  She kissed Melissa on the lips, and obviously enjoyed that for a few moments.
     "Wow . . . that was nice!," Melissa said.  "We'll have to do that more often!  And, hello, by the way," she said laughing.
     "Yes, hello!  And, yes, we'll have to do that more, indeed," Cheryl said.  And she went over to the couch and kissed Greg.
     "Cheryl, this is Michelle, Melissa's sister.  Michelle, my wife, Cheryl--who is also my slave, just so you know."
     "Hello, Michelle, very nice to meet you."
     Greg noticed that Michelle had unbuttoned her blouse down halfway, and she was still blushed, and aroused.  "This will be interesting," he said to himself.
     Melissa brought everyone drinks, and even poked her head into Candi's bedroom and then took drinks in to them.  When she came back, she said, "They are trying on sexy lingerie, and seem to be having a great time."
     "Michelle's daughter, Alice, is here, too," Greg explained to his wife, sipping his drink.  Cheryl was having a pomegranate martini, which Melissa had purchased when they had shopped together, so she had it in her fridge.
     "We need to go shopping again," Melissa said.  "Are you busy tomorrow?  And, I was going to invite Michelle, if you don't mind, Cheryl."
     "Tomorrow's Saturday, so yes, that will be fine, and Michelle, you're welcome to come, too.  It will be fun!"
     "Yes, we DO have fun shopping, don't we," Melissa said to Cheryl, giggling.
     "I'm not sure I have any money . . . I'd better not go," Michelle said.
     "Sure you have money!  How would a thousand dollars do?  Would that be enough?" her sister asked.
     She sputtered a bit, "a thousand dollars?"  Without hesitating, Melissa got up and went into her bedroom, and returned with a couple bundles of $20 bills.  She tossed one to her sister, then asked Cheryl if she wanted some, too.  Cheryl said, "Sure, why not!  After all, you're the rich gal on the block--I hear you've got money to throw away, so I'll take it off your hands.  Save you having to fill up your trash!" she said, laughing.  
     Melissa laughed, too, and tossed her the other bundle.  "Nice of you to help!"
     "No problem . . . anytime . . . really!"
     "I'm feeling left out, here," Greg said, grinning.
     "Well, think of it this way.  I don't have to use any of our money shopping tomorrow.  Besides, you have a much bigger salary than I have--now," Cheryl told him.
     "Good point," he laughed, and took another sip of his drink.
     "For a thousand dollars, I would strip naked and dance on the table," Michelle said, blushing, and asking Melissa if she could get another drink.  She obviously was drinking rather fast.
     "Ok . . . you can do that.  We don't have a table here in his room, but you can strip.  I'll get your drink, so you can start!" Melissa said, and turned on some music.
     Michelle got up, swaying to the music, and started to strip.  Greg and Cheryl cheered her on with every item of clothes which came off.  Melissa brought her drink and set it down for her and joined in the cheering.  When she was down to her bra and panties, she started dancing in front of each of them.  Greg got out his wallet and took out some dollar bills.  When she danced in front of him, he stuck one under the elastic of her panties, and everyone laughed.
     The noise got the attention of the girls in the other room, so Candi and Alice appeared in the hallway.  Alice was looking at her mother in shock.  The music was loud enough to cover it, but Greg could see her mouth say, "Mom?"  They had apparently been in the middle of trying on lingerie, so Candi and Alice totally forgot that they were almost naked themselves.  Candi was wearing only a blue push-up half-bra showing her hard nipples and a light blue thong.  Alice was wearing a very revealing Playboy bunny outfit which left very little to the imagination, and the white bunny tail on top of her ass was quite inviting.
     Michelle kept dancing until she was totally naked . . . the song ended, and everyone clapped, except Alice who was still in shock.  Michelle sat down, took a gulp of her drink, and crossed her legs, obviously aroused.
     "Mom?" Alice said, this time without the music to cover it.
     "Yes?" Michelle looked at her.
     "Wow . . . I mean . . . you stripped?"
     Michelle looked at her with her left eyebrow raised.  "You're not exactly fully dressed either, you know."
     Alice started and then looked down at what she was wearing--or not wearing.  Obviously she'd totally forgotten what she was wearing in her shock about her mom, and her face turned bright red, and she tied to cover herself with her hands self-consciously.  "Uhm . . . oh, my! . . . oh, NO!" and she turned and ran into Candi's bedroom.
     Candi on the other hand, didn't seem to be uncomfortable at all about any of it, and just laughed.  She walked over to her aunt and kissed her on the cheek.  "You dance cool!  You'll have to show me how to do that!"  And then she went back to her bedroom.
     Melissa said, "Well, maybe this is a good time to bring Cheryl up to date."  And she proceeded to tell her what had happened that day, right up to the point that Michelle had opened up about her sexual needs.  "Maybe you should tell her that part, yourself, Sis."  Greg looked at Melissa and winked, nodding a bit to her, as if to say, "Good job!"  Melissa blushed a bit and smiled.
     Michelle cleared her throat, and blushed a bit, but Greg noticed that she uncrossed her legs and opened them wide enough to show her bush and pussy, her pussy lips swollen and dripping, clearly very aroused.  Then she began to tell Cheryl all that she had told Greg and her sister earlier.  Cheryl sipped her martini, and listened intently.  Greg could tell that she was quite aroused by all of it, although he wasn't sure anyone else could see that.
     "So, you need humiliation . . . and you need to be told what to do."
     "Yes."
     "So, if I told you to crawl here and take my panties off and put them into your cunt, and then put your head under my skirt and lick my pussy, what would you do?"  Michelle took a big gulp of her drink, and got down on the floor and crawled in front of her.  She reached under Cheryl's skirt and tugged on her panties.  Cheryl lifted up enough to let her move them, and then sat down again.  Michelle slid them down and took them off over Cheryl's heels, and sat back and put them inside her own cunt.  Then she ducked her head under Cheryl's skirt.  Cheryl scooted to the edge of her chair, so she could have easy access, and Greg and Melissa could see her head moving under Cheryl's skirt as though she was licking her pussy.
     "Well, that answers that question!" Cheryl said and lifted her martini for a toast.  "To our new horny little family!  May we fulfill every fantasy!  Cheers!"  Glasses clinked and they drank.
     They went on talking about things, as though ignoring Michelle who continued her movements under Cheryl's skirt.  Cheryl and Melissa talked about what they wanted to shop for the next day, and planned out what malls they were going to go to.
     Candi's bedroom door opened and she and Alice came out.  Alice was still dressed in her bunny outfit, although she was still a bit self-conscious about it.  "I told her you would like her in her Playboy suit.  Don't you?"  They all agreed.
     Alice, on the other hand, was shocked again, seeing her naked mom on her knees under Cheryl's skirt, obviously licking her pussy.  A bit of Cheryl's panties were dangling out of Michelle's cunt, but quite soaked and visible.
     "Mom?" she whispered, blinking.
     "Oh, quit it," Candi told her.  "DUH!  Your mom is a slut, too.  Do you think you got it from the water or something?"
     "Ok, . . . but it's just a shock, you know.  One day, she's making sure I can't go out even on a date, and the next, she's naked and having lesbian sex.  It's just a lot to absorb in just a few minutes."
     "I'm sure it's a shock," Cheryl said.  "Your mom just stifled all her needs for a long time."  She patted Michelle's head through her skirt.  "But, we're going to help her catch up on meeting them."
     "Yeah, Alice . . . you have lots of horny needs, too . . . you should ask Greg to fuck you . . . that was sooooo cool!" Candi told her.  "It looks like your mom wants to be Cheryl's lesbian slave, so you can do what you want now!"  Michelle pulled her head out from under Cheryl's skirt and looked up at her.  
     "Can I please be your fuck toy, your slave? You taste sooo wonderful!  I heard her.  I'm a fucking lesbian slave.  Please, can I be your fucking slut slave toy?"
     "We'll see . . . but so far, so good," Cheryl replied, and she pushed Michelle back under her skirt.  Sucking sounds could be heard shortly thereafter.  Cheryl leaned back and shuddered, obviously cumming.
     
     Alice looked at Candi.  "Maybe I could be your slave, then."
     It was Candi's turn to look startled.  "My slave?  But, I'm Master's slave. I like cocks, and he fucks like Megatron!"
     "Well, Cheryl is your Master's slave, too, and my mom is her slave."
     "Oh, yeah, I forgot that.  I don't know.  I don't think I can whip you."
     "But you can sit on my face.  I love that, sucking your pussy."
     "You don't have to be my slave to do that."
     Greg, Cheryl and Melissa looked at each other thoughtfully.  "Apparently, she's inherited her mom's desires, . . .  at least partially," Greg said.  "That's interesting."  
     Meanwhile, Candi had grabbed her cousin and pushed her down on the floor.  Then she pulled her blue thong aside, and sat down on Alice's face, facing her body.  Alice started licking her pussy and she pulled her Playboy panties aside and started rubbing her own pussy.  Candi pushed Alice's bra down and started pinching her nipples.  Both started moaning, and Candi started to scoot back and forth, rubbing her cunt on Alice's face.
     Greg had an obvious hard on, so Melissa went and bowed in front of him.  "Master?  All this has made me very horny.  Can I serve you?"
     "Yes . . . I was about to . . . yeah.  Strip first, though, and I want to see your boobs flop around hard.  I'm thinking that I'd like to use them as punching bags sometime soon."
     Melissa's pussy pulsed at that thought.  She got up and turned the music on again, and started to strip.  Her large boobs wiggled up over her blouse as she swung her hips to the music.  She bumped them upwards on purpose, and one of them popped out into view as she took off her pants.  She was soon naked from the waist down, and wiggled her hips accordingly.  Cheryl reached down and pulled Michelle's head out from under her skirt, and told her to take a break and cheer for her sister.  She turned around and started clapping, smiling and cheering with gusto.  The lines on Michelle's face were much lighter, and she looked like a person who was enjoying herself for the first time in years--which may have been the exact truth.
     Melissa pulled her top down, and her bra, far enough for her boobs to be out front, and started playing with her panties.  That must have reminded Cheryl of something, so she bent down and said something close to Michelle's ear, who reached down and--obviously from Cheryl's commands--pulled the very soaked panties out of her cunt and rubbed them all over her tits and face and then put them over her head.  She could see out through one of the leg holes, but her nose and mouth were covered by pussy juice coated cloth.  You could see her sucking and licking at them and breathing in, like she loved the smell.
     Candi tensed up and squealed, her thighs clenching Alice's head, her orgasm very strong for all to see.  Alice's fingers thrust into her own cunt and her thighs wrapped around her hand, obviously cumming along with her.
     Melissa ran out of clothes to remove, so she came up and bowed to her Master, and then climbed up on his lap.  He had extricated his cock, which was upright and as hard as a rock, so Melissa aimed it at her pussy and slid down on it, full in to the balls, as the saying goes.  Her eyes closed and she arched back in ecstasy, and she grabbed her nipples and pulled them out as hard as she could, stretching the skin of her boobs out as far as she could.  She asked her Master if she could cum, and he nodded, and she squealed out her orgasm.
     In the meantime, Cheryl was sitting on Michelle's face, and if you hadn't known who they each were, you might have thought it was Candi and Alice, their movements were so much like the earlier episode of the daughters.  Candi and Alice were laying on the floor, their energy spent, but trying to watch all the action all the same.  Alice's Playboy bunny costume was askew on her body, and her face reflected the shine of juices from Candi's pussy.
     Melissa continued fucking Greg until he groaned and his head went back, blasting his cum into her womb.  Cheryl started slapping Michelle's cunt, and then tensed up and her thighs clenched around Michelle's face, arching back groaning as Michelle joined her in a mutual orgasm.
     All of them fell back limply, breathing hard and sweating.
     "Wow!" Alice said.  "What a party!" and leaned over and started French kissing Candi again.
     
     Melissa got up and went to refill everyone's drinks, and said from the kitchen, "Uhm, Master?  I'm sorry, but we're out of rum."
     "No problem," Cheryl said.  "My new slave and I can run down to the liquor store and get some.  She will go naked, so if we don't come back soon, we've probably been arrested," she added, laughing.  Michelle looked up at her through the panties and lust shown from her eyes.     
     "I'll have to buy a collar and leash for you tomorrow," Cheryl said.  "And, we'll try it on in the pet store."  When Michelle stood up, her cunt was almost gushing with juices.
     Before they left, Cheryl asked Melissa for a permanent marker, and when she got it, she wrote, "Lesbian Whore for Rent," across the top of Michelle's boobs and on her ass.  "You can leave my panties on your face, fuck toy," she told her.
     "Yes, Mistress," Michelle said plaintively as they were walking out, Cheryl striding firmly, with a naked and humiliated slave walking behind her, her head bowed, panties still on her face.
     
     Greg's cock had found new life, so he was hard again, and Candi noticed.  "Master?  May I help you with that?  With Alice?  She's never tasted a guy's cum."
     "I have too! Tasted a guy's cum, I mean."
     "You have?  You lied to me, then.  Who's cum have you tasted?"
     Alice blushed, realizing that she'd said too much.  
     "Uhm, we have this neighbor . . . had this neighbor.  He died when I was about 12.  He used to finger my pussy and make me suck him off almost every day after school, before mom got home.  He told her that he loved playing checkers with him, so she'd even make me go over there on the weekends sometimes.  It started when I was about 7, I think.  I tried to tell her that he was touching me, but she said not to speak badly about our neighbors, so I never mentioned it again.  Sometimes, he would spank me and pinch my tits, and even put one of my tits in his vise.  That really hurt, so he would use it to punish me if I didn't suck him good enough, or if I didn't swallow his cum or whatever.
     "He put your one of your tits in his VISE?" Greg asked, a bit incredulous.
     "Yeah . . . you know, one of those things on a work bench that you twist the bar and it clamps."
     "I know what it is--it just sounds pretty harsh."
     "Yeah, it was.  I would cry and he would take off my panties, and put them in my mouth to shut me up.  He'd leave me there for hours until I did what he wanted.  He would tell me that all I would ever be good for was to suck and fuck, that I was a whore like my mom, just a fuck toy, and a cumdump, and I'd better get good at sucking cocks and cunts, because that's all I'd be doing for the rest of my life.  He said he saw my mom drive out naked one night, so he knew she was a whore.  I was with him watching when she drove out like that once.  She walked out of the house, with something in her butt . . . a buttplug or whatever . . . naked as a  . . . well, naked, and then she got in our car and drove off.  He had his fingers inside me while we watched."
     "You didn't ask her about it?" Candi asked.
     "Just what the fuck was I supposed to ask her?  `Hey Mom, was that you walking out naked with something in your ass and drove somewhere in our car last night?' . . . Are you out of your mind? . . . Would you ask your mom that?"  Her anger came to the surface again directed at Candi's question.
     "No, I'm sorry, Alice. . . . <sigh> . . .  You're right.  I wouldn't have asked that, either. I'm sorry."
     "And if that wasn't enough, once his wife caught us when he had taken my panties off and put them in his pocket and was fingering my pussy--she was a bitch--and when she got mad and yelled, he said I'd come in without panties on and tried to seduce him, and she believed him.  So, she whipped me with his belt and sat on my face made me suck her until she came.  After she left, he made me jerk him off into my own panties and suck his cum out of them and swallow it.  Both of them said I was just a whore, and used to call me `cunt' when nobody else was around to listen.  He said he was going to fuck me, and then he died of a heart attack the next week, so he never did actually fuck me.  So, I'm a virgin except for what Candi and I do and my dildos and vibrators . . . and so, it's like that.  Sir.  I'm sorry."
     "Wow." Candi said.
     "So, I believe him--I'm just a whore and a fuck toy and a cumdump and anybody can use me anytime.  That's me."  She looked quite serious.
     "Wow," Candi said again.
     "Well, you may be very sexual, but you're more than just that to us--you're a valuable young woman, and we'll try to help you, too," Greg said to her.  "Whatever you want to do, we'll help you, I promise."
     "Really?  You mean like help me go to college and stuff?"
     "Yes.  If you want to go to college, I'm sure we can pay for it, and I'm sure your aunt will be in favor of it, too.  I taught college for several years, so I might could even tutor you, if you need that."
     "Yes, indeed!" Melissa said going over to hug her niece.
     Greg's cock had wilted with the story of Alice's molestation, so Candi said, "Master?  I still want to help you cum again.  Can I suck on you or fuck you, please?"
     "Not now.  But later, you can."
     "Ok," she said, disappointment in her voice.
     "When are you going to hypnotize me, Master?"
     "He knows how to do hypnosis?" Alice asked.
     "Yes!  It's really cool!  He hypnotized mom and now she can cum just when he tells her to."
     "Really?"
     "Yeah!  It's waayy cool!"
     "Will you show me?"
     Greg looked wryly at Melissa.  She nodded and said, "It's ok, Master."
     "Ok . . . cum," he told her, and she grabbed her pussy and her thighs clenched and she squealed.  She was still naked, so they could smell her pussy juices when she pulled her hand away.
     "WOW!" Alice said.
     "See?  I told you it was cool!" Candi said.  "I want Master to do that to me, too, but he already made me cum just by telling me to."
     "He did?"
     "Yeah.  Then I shouted and hurt his ears, and felt really bad about it.  You know me, I've got a big mouth."
     Just then there was a knock at the door, and Melissa let Cheryl and Michelle back in. Michelle was very excited and obviously horny, the panties had been moved down around her neck.  All of them could smell her cunt juices, which were running down the inside of her legs, all the way into the heels she was wearing.  She smelled like a whore.  Cheryl handed Melissa a sack with several bottles in it, and then went and sat down.  Michelle bowed and kissed her feet.  "That was soooo hot!  I almost came without permission when that guy in the pickup honked at us on the way back after he saw I was naked.  And you making me finger myself with my feet up on the dashboard . . . GAWD."   Cheryl laughed.
     "Who is this person, and what have you done with my mother?" Alice asked, grinning.
     
     Michelle went in the kitchen and prepared some food, so she brought it out, mostly finger food because no one seemed to be set up for a full meal.  The rest of them had their drinks and talked.  Alice told her mom what she had told them while Michelle had gone to the liquor store, which was something of a shock to her.
     "Herman?" she said again, still having a hard time believing.
     "Yes, mom."
     "He was dad's best friend!"
     "Yeah . . . and when we were in the basement and Dad would go upstairs or in the bathroom or whatever, he would grab me and put his hand down in my pants and finger me.  Then he would laugh and say that nobody would believe me anyway, so don't bother to tell them."
     "You're right about Florence, though.  She was a bitch.  I didn't know she would sit on a young girl's face, though."
     "She only did it a couple of times, but she called me "cunt" all the time if nobody else but him was around to hear her.  She was the one who brought up him fucking me, told him that he should fuck me next chance he got.  Then he died the next week before he actually did it."
     "I guess I shouldn't be surprised.  Herman's uncle did almost the same thing to me, but he carried through with fucking part.  He caught me aside one day when I was in a swim suit, sliding on that yard wet-slide-thing down the hill in the back yard, and took me into the bathroom.  He had run the sink full of water and then dunked my head and put his cock in my pussy and fucked me.  I couldn't scream because my face was in the water.  Whenever I tried to lift my head to scream, he would push my head back down.  But, he didn't die when I was 12.  He just moved away about then.  When he'd come back for a visit, he'd find a way to get me alone and make me suck him off.  He told all his friends that I was a slut-whore, and word got around, so that's why the cheerleaders would sit on my face, and the band guys would make me suck them off whenever they wanted to.  Everyone who knew that I was a slut used me whenever they wanted to."
     She looked at Greg.  "It seems to have stuck though, for both Alice and me.  They said we'd just be fuck-toys and whores and cum-dumps and that we'd always love to be used and abused--and they proved it.  So here we are, and that's how we like sex now, too.  It's ingrained in us now.  Sex isn't even fun for me unless I get exposed or humiliated or whipped or something.  I can't even cum with just vanilla sex."
     He looked thoughtfully at her.  "Well, that seems to be true, whether it's good or bad.  It's just what is.  At least we can make sure you are safe while you're doing it, though.  At least nobody is going to murder you for sex or permanently damage you when you're with us, and you don't have to continue going to lezzy bars to find someone to suck on.  And we have plenty of money so we can bail you out of jail and pay your fines if you get arrested for going nude in public.  We will try to work with you, if you're willing to work with us."
     "Thank you, Sir.  Although, I could sure use a good belt whipping right now.  Whipping my tits, and cunt, too.  I'm waaay over-due."
     He and Cheryl grinned.  "I think we can accommodate you on that," Cheryl said.
     "I think I'm over-due, too, Master," Melissa said.  "I'd love for you to fuck me in the ass while you're whipping my boobs with your belt.  I haven't gotten that in years and I love it."  She licked her lips, clearly aroused at the thought.
     Alice piped up, "And I haven't ever been fucked for real--by a guy, I mean.  So, do you think you might could help me with that, Mr. Greg, Sir?  Please?" she said, blinking her eyes seductively.
     "Hey! What about me?  I'm your slave and I haven't been fucked in the ass yet, an' . . . well, I have a whole list of things I haven't done yet . . . I haven't . . .  " Candi told him, chattering on, and Greg started laughing and Cheryl, Melissa and Michelle soon joined in with his laughter.
     
     "The only problem for tonight is that we don't have enough beds--or big enough beds," Greg said.
     "Well, we can make do with what we have now until we get bigger beds, Master," Melissa said.  "We only need to know who wants to sleep with who?"
     "Can I sleep with Cheryl tonight, please, PLEASE, pretty please, Sir?" Michelle asked Greg.  "You can use me and fuck me any time, any way you want to, Sir--either one of you, and I usually don't ask for much, but I really want to serve me Mistress tonight, please?"  She blushed again and bowed to him, after she'd asked.
     He looked at his wife, who nodded slightly.  "Well, I can see you and Cheryl have hit it off pretty well, so why not?  Ok, I can sleep with mel.  And Candi and Alice can use Candi's room.  Tomorrow, we have some whippings to catch up on."
     "But you said I could suck your cock or fuck you later," Candi whined plaintively.
     "Ah, that's true, I did say that.  Ok, how `bout you and Alice coming to Mel's room to `tuck us in', so to speak, and then after the fun, you and Alice can sleep in your room.  I'm sure mel would enjoy sitting on Alice's face."  Alice smiled and looked coyly at Melissa.  Mel smiled back, and her eyebrows flickered several times, clearly in favor.
     "YAY!  Yes, Master, thank You!, Thank You, Thank YOU!," Candi replied, as exuberant as always.
     
     Melissa's bed was queen-sized, so she and Alice got down on the floor, while Candi laid on top of Greg on the bed and started kissing him like he was her long lost teenage lover.  Her tongue explored his mouth, and when he sucked on it a bit, she moaned and whimpered.  Her naked thighs undulated against his cock, which became hard again rather quickly with her horniness.  When he stopped to get his breath, she kissed all over his face lovingly, whispering, "I'm your slut, I'm your whore, Master, I'll do ANYTHING for you . . . You're the best thing that ever happened to me, and I love you with all my heart.  I wish I could marry you, and have your babies.  I don't want to fuck anybody else ever for the rest of my life." Her voice was romantic and serious. 
     "I'm a bit old for you, aren't I, my slave?  Maybe it's just a crush.  And, I thought you didn't want to get married."
     "No, Master, but I would marry you in a heartbeat.  Tom was old, and when he made me suck him off, but at least he took time to pay attention to me and tell me how to suck him off right.  I decided that if I ever did marry, it would be to an older guy, and besides you're already married, so even if I can't marry you, I don't want to marry anybody else anyway.  I'm like a wolf-bitch, only mate for life.  And, if this is only a crush, I love you forever anyway, and if you let me I'll continue to love you forever, . . . and if you die before I do, I'll stop eating and howl over your grave," she smiled.  "The guys my age are stupid and insensitive.  All they want is to get off, and then they'd just dump me.  They don't know about real love."
     "Nobody starts out as an expert, pet.  Young guys have to learn, too.  You might start wanting more than I have to give eventually."
     "Maybe, but they can't teach me anything, so I wouldn't ever get past being a beginner, and I don't know what I'm doing.  With you, I don't think I would ever run out of things to learn . . . you understand EVERYthing."  Her eyes shown like her mom's did when she had looked at Greg, and Candi's pussy was leaking onto him, and she reached down and caressed his cock gently.
     "I don't understand everything, either, pet."
     "Well, ok . . . ALMOST everything, then," she whispered and then started humping, rubbing her pussy up and down on his hard cock.  He laughed, but didn't even try to continue that argument.  She grinned and kissed him.
     "I'm a very young woman, only been fucked once . . . I'm a wolf-bitch in heat wanting her life-long mate, and I've dreamed for years about being ravished by your wonderful cock! . . . May I?" she asked politely, blinking her eyes in exaggerated innocence, positioning her pussy above his cock, aiming it with her hand.  He laughed.
     "For years.  Hard to argue with that," he chuckled.  "Ok, pet."  So, she slid down on his cock with an "awwwwwhhhhe" sound, as though he'd slid into her soul.  She started humping up and down very slowly, savoring every feeling, her eyes rolled back into her head, then closed, and she clearly was feeling more than she had expected.  She reached and took his hands, and put them on her boobs, so he started fondling them, and then she started kneading his chest, moaning and whimpering.  If he didn't know better, he'd have thought she'd gone into subspace.  He pinched her nipples a bit and she just moaned in ecstasy, and then he pincher harder and she just moaned again much in the same tone, so he reconsidered.  Maybe she was in subspace after all. 
     "May I cum, Master, please!"
     "Yes, pet.  Cum for me . . . now!"  Her thighs clenched, and her pussy squeezed his cock very hard, and she squealed and kept on squealing, and kept on cumming . . . he tried to hold on, but she was sooo hot and sexy and her cunt squeezed his cock so hard, he shot his cum up inside her womb.  She screamed almost choking, "YESSS, yes, yes, B'GAWWW, uHMMMM, uHHMMMM, uHHMMMM, uhmss . . . oooooooh . . . oooooo . . . oooo" and fell back against his legs, gasping for breath.
     Melissa was sitting on Alice's face, and he finally noticed that she had been watching . . . when she squealed and came, whining and whimpering, pulling Alice's face up against her cunt hard by her hair.
     Greg looked down at Candi, and gently sat up and pulled his cock out from insider her.  She was out, passed out . . . but she was breathing, so he left her to recover, extricating his legs from hers.
     
      Alice had passed out, too, it seemed, so he carried Candi into her bed, and then came back, picked Alice up and carried her in and laid her beside Candi.  They instinctively reached out for each other and then sighed and snuggled in, sleeping with smiles on their faces, apparently satisfied that they were at least sleeping with another warm somebody.  He returned to Melissa's bedroom and hopped in beside her.
     "I'm kinda' sweaty and my thighs and legs are coated in cunt juice, so I smell like I'm a whore, Master.  Do you want me to go and rinse off in the shower?  I might want to attack you for sex in the morning, and I wouldn't want to offend you, or for you to be disappointed with me."  She blinked her beautiful eyes in exaggerated innocence, and he saw where Candi had learned that.  He noticed that she had taken time to remove her makeup, and yet her eyes were glowing, so her natural face was perhaps even more beautiful without the makeup. 
     "I don't think I smell like the King of Sheba, either, pet," he grinned.  "If you can handle it, I can.  We can shower in the morning . . . after you attack me, if you must."  She smiled and snuggled up to him. "Your daughter said earlier that she wished she could marry me."
     "Yeah me, too.  And she meant every word, no doubt.  So do I."
     "That wanting to attack me or wanting to marry me thing seems to be going around.  Must be something in the water.  Your daughter almost ate me for dinner . . . figuratively speaking, of course."  
     "I love you, Master.  You're the best thing that ever happened to us.  I know you're happily married to Cheryl, and that's fine.  I wouldn't want to do anything to mess up your marriage with her--she's a wonderful person, too.  But I would marry you in a heat beat, if you weren't married.  I'm just sayin'.  I hope you understand, Master."
     "I think I do, yes.  And, that's quite a compliment, and it's actually very humbling.  Thank you, pet."
     She just kissed him and snuggled up and went to sleep on his chest.
     
     He woke up feeling her kissing him, not on the lips, but on his right foot, and tears were streaming from her eyes which were dripping onto his skin, and she was whimpering.  He watched her kiss her way up his leg, and she diligently kissed every inch--at least on top which was showing.  He didn't doubt though, that she'd be kissing the skin that wasn't showing if she could reach it.  He didn't move, so he was pretty sure that she didn't know he was watching.  He could hear her saying things to herself softly, "I love you, every inch of you, my Master . . . please never leave me . . . I want you . . . I need you . . . I can't live without you . . . please God, please help me please him, please help him love me . . . I love you, Master . . . <so on she went, murmuring softly>."
     This time, he actually blushed.  He wasn't sure she would want him to know or actually respond to what she was saying, so he closed his eyes and pretended he was asleep.
     
     He probably dozed off in there somewhere, but when she got up to his crotch and started licking and kissing his balls and the underside of his cock, he flinched.
     "Good morning, Master.  I love you, really I do."  She cleared her throat and turned her head to the side to wipe her tears from her face and eyes.  The skin on his legs almost felt like it was vibrating from her kisses.  Apparently she'd kissed every inch, literally.
     "Good morning, pet.  I love you, too."  She looked up at him, smiling, her face still streaked with her tears.om spite of her efforts to wipe them away.
     "Feeling a lot, I see," he said gently.
     "Yes, Master.  I hope that's ok, Sir."
     "Of course.  Something I should know about?"
     "Well, if you want to, Master, you have that right, so you may know anything if you want to know."
     "Would you like me to know, or not, pet?  I can accept that you might not want to tell me everything always . . . you have the choice this time."  She looked up at him, and the tears started again.
     "Uhm, . . . well, Master.  Can I skip this one time?  I'm feeling . . . uhm . . .  very vulnerable."
     "Sure, pet."  So, he shut up, while she went back to licking and kissing his body.
     
     -------------------------------------------------------------
     (To be continued in Part 5 which hasn't been written yet . . . however, you can find the others http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/SM/Buxom_Mother_and_Daughter_Series/ . . . 

     I'm very interested in your comments and suggestions--or questions--so if you would be so kind to take a minute and go to http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/SM/Buxom_Mother_and_Daughter_Series/Feedback_Form_For_SMs_Stories_BuxomMD.htm and send them, I'd appreciate that very much.  If you include your email (optional), I'll try to reply as soon as possible.
     I have appreciated the comments and reviews my readers have already sent, so please continue to send them.  If you like the story or series enough, consider listing it in "Reader's Recommendations" on the ASSTR home webpage.
          I will continue the story if there is enough interest, so please let me know what you think.  I'm a writer in other settings, but I'm still learning about the ASSTR system, so if you have technical corrections, suggestions or guidance, feel free to send those as well.
     Don't miss my other stories, including the "Her New Name Series" which you can find http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/SM/Her_New_Name_Series/.
          Thanks, 
          ~SM~
