Coerced
by Kathy B.
kathybxx@hotmail.com


Part 2

Just as I felt Dave's fingers brush against my pubic hair, Jack 
leaned down and kissed my nipple, tickling it with his tongue. As I 
jumped in surprise my movement pressed my pussy against Dave's hand. 
He cupped it and gave it a gentle squeeze, making me moan. I heard 
Brian laugh from behind the wheel and ask what was happening.

"Well, Mrs. Hopkins is just showing us what she would do if she were 
dating again," said Dave, gently massaging my outer lips. As he 
rubbed his hand up and down the length of my pussy mound he began 
pressing a finger against my already wet slit. "She's all wet and 
ready for fun. You look beautiful too. Those stuffy old farts who 
were afraid to touch you will never know what they missed. I'll bet 
you would have drained them dry, wouldn't you?"

I giggled. "I'm not sure about that, but thank you." It was hard to 
gather my thoughts, with one guy sucking and kissing my boob and 
another trying to insert a finger into me as a third one watched. 
Right at that moment, I felt like the most popular and desirable girl 
in the world.

Dave's finger was pressing insistently at my pussy lips and it wasn't 
long before they peeled slowly apart. I was so wet by this time that 
he encountered little resistance as he slid his finger inside me. 
"God damn, this lady is boiling!" he exclaimed. "I'll bet you keep 
your husband pretty happy with this little toy. Are you sure he's the 
only one who's ever touched your pussy?"

"He is. He, and now you, are the only men who have ever played around 
down there like that," I answered. I tried to muster some willpower. 
"Maybe you should stop. I think he might be mad if he saw what you 
were doing."

"Oh, no. I think he'd be pleased," said Brian, looking into my eyes 
in the mirror. "Guys want everyone to think their wives are 
attractive and sexy. He would be thrilled that we enjoy looking at 
your beautiful breasts and that lovely little pussy of yours. I'm 
sure he would consider it a compliment."

Bob nodded as he gave me the flask again. I took a nervous gulp. I 
was so confused. I was pretty sure my husband would not think it was 
a compliment, but these guys certainly knew what other men liked and 
I was in no shape to argue, so how could I say they were wrong? They 
seemed to have my best interests in mind, and I was enjoying all the 
attention they were showering on me.

Dave started rubbing my clit and I felt it thicken under his 
manipulation. By now my pussy was very hot and wet and I was finding 
it increasingly difficult to follow what was being said. I remember 
hearing Bob tell Brian to stop the car. I felt the car come to a 
halt, then Brian turned and looked at me, sitting back with my legs 
wide open and my tits hanging out while being sucked and fingered by 
two young men.

I looked around. We were parked in a corner of a large parking lot, 
not far from a light pole. I could see a shopping plaza. Most of the 
stores were closed and the lot was nearly deserted. At least no one 
else was likely to see me. Brian said something to Bob that I 
couldn't catch, who got out and went into a convenience store. When 
he came back to the car he showed me a small disposable camera, the 
kind with a built in flash.

"We would all like to remember how nice and sexy you look," he said. 
Before I could make any protest, he snapped several pictures of me as 
the boys played with me. Well, as long as no one else saw the 
pictures I guessed it would be all right.

"Have you ever wondered what it would feel like to get fucked by 
another man?" asked Bob as Dave stroked and pinched my excited clit. 
I groaned and shook my head. "You've never wondered how a different 
cock would feel, sliding into your nice hot pussy?" Again I shook my 
head. "Have you ever even seen another cock?"

"No," I answered. Suddenly I was ashamed of my limited experience.

"Would you like to see another one? Another cock, that is. After all, 
it's only fair. We've seen those nice big tits and that hairy pussy 
of yours. Would you like to see us naked? No one will ever know."

Blushing, I said that I would. As Jack and Dave let go of me I felt a 
pang of disappointment, but they returned to playing with me as soon 
as their pants were down. The guys quickly pulled down their pants 
and underwear, proudly displaying their already stiff members.

I never realized until then how different men's penises could be. 
None of them looked exactly like my husband's. One was curved, one 
was straight, one looked almost purple and Jack's penis was at least 
two inches longer than my husband's. I never knew they came in 
different sizes, either. I was mesmerized.

"What do you think?" asked Brian. I gulped. "Go ahead and touch one 
if you want. We don't mind."

I reached out and touched Bob's cock. He smiled at me, so I wrapped 
my fingers around it. It felt hot to my touch. Slowly, I slid my 
fingers up and down it, enjoying the feel of the rock hard shaft and 
the spongy head. Dave resumed stroking his finger in and out of my 
pussy while he rubbed my clit with his thumb. Groaning, I reached for 
each hard cock in turn, giving it a few strokes and marveling at how 
different they felt. I ended up with my hand on Jack's big cock. It 
felt satisfyingly thick in my hand.

Bob handed me the flask again. "You know, Mrs. Hopkins, you look very 
sexy right now. I think your husband would be very proud of you 
tonight. Did you know there were cocks as big as Jack's?" I shook my 
head. "Now that you've seen it, don't you wonder what it would feel 
like inside that nice hot pussy of yours?" He snapped a picture of my 
hand, wrapped around Jack's cock.

I tried to clear my head. "Yes... but I'm sure that would be wrong. I 
can't do that."

"Oh, you're right, Mrs. Hopkins. It probably would be wrong if he 
were to fuck you. But, if you asked, maybe he would just put it in so 
you can get an idea how it feels. It won't really be fucking, so 
there shouldn't be any harm in it."

I hesitated. It would be nice to see what it felt like. Would it feel 
different than my husband's? I sighed. I wanted to know.

"All right. You can put it in. No fucking."

"Absolutely," agreed Jack.

Dave pulled his hand from my slit and laid my head down in his lap, 
then began rubbing my nipples. Jack pushed one stocking clad leg up 
over the rear seat and the other up into Brian's lap. Brian 
immediately began rubbing and massaging my calf. I looked down as 
Jack knelt between my legs. Through the hair I could see my pussy 
lips, parted slightly and gleaming with wetness. Jack paused, his 
cock just inches away from my pussy.

Jack grasped the shaft of his cock and leaned toward me. I saw the 
thick head push into my pubic hair, then felt it graze the lips of my 
pussy. He rubbed it up and down my slit, getting me ready. With a 
gentle push I saw the head disappear and felt my pussy lips parting 
as his big cock entered me. It felt so good I moaned my pleasure, 
causing all the boys to chuckle. Jack pulled his cock back, rubbed it 
around my opening again and pushed it back inside, this time sliding 
in several inches along with the head. Again I moaned; it felt great. 
He eased out and pushed in several times, each time deeper and 
deeper. Finally I felt his pelvis press against me and I knew he was 
all the way in.

"Well, how does it feel?" he asked.

"Fuller than my husband's does. It feels nice," I answered dreamily. 
"I never knew how different it would feel."

"Let me ask you a question," said Jack. "Which do you like better? 
This... ?" he fucked in and out slowly, each time pushing deep inside 
me. "Or this?" Now he started fucking me rapidly, banging hard into 
my crotch.

"I like both. It's in so deep, I feel all stretched out. I think I 
like the fast one better, though," I answered, completely forgetting 
he had promised not to fuck me.

"That does feel pretty good, doesn't it?" he said as he continued 
rapidly thrusting his cock in and out.

I heard Bob snap off several more pictures of me as Jack gave me a 
hard fuck. Jack's body was banging into my clit and I could feel his 
balls slapping against my ass with each stroke. He continued pounding 
his thick cock into me I began pushing up against his thrusts.

Dave shifted my head on his lap. When I felt his cock touch my lips I 
automatically kissed it. He pressed it harder against my lips and I 
opened my mouth, allowing him to slid his cock into my mouth. It 
tasted delicious as I licked the head and tasted his salty pre-cum. 
Feeling delightfully wicked, I started sucking on it. I wanted these 
guys to think I was as sexy and fun as the younger girls they'd been 
talking about. As Jack kept up his rapid fucking of my overheated 
pussy I began giving Dave the best blowjob I could, working my tongue 
along the underside while moving my lips back and forth along his hot 
cock.

"How is she, boys?" asked Brian.

"Oh, man, this is one hot broad," answered Jack. "Her pussy is 
wrapped around my dick like a warm glove. This lady likes to fuck."

"She's not a bad cock sucker, either," added Dave. "Come on, Mrs. 
Hopkins. Suck my cock. Wouldn't you like a nice creamy load to 
swallow?"

I nodded and sucked hard on his cock and heard him groan in pleasure. 
Pleased that he liked what I was doing, I redoubled my efforts. I 
twirled my tongue around and tickled the underside of his rock-hard 
dick as he encouraged me to swallow it all. I wanted to make him 
happy so I pushed my lips as far down his cock as I could, coming 
closer to the base with each thrust. I knew that I was doing a good 
job as I felt him stiffen and push his cock deep into my mouth. I 
felt Dave spasm, then flood my mouth with his jism. Gulping, I felt 
his thick cum slide down my throat and into my stomach as he 
continued to pump more cum into my eager mouth. I had never swallowed 
my husband's cum before, but I was so horny I cleaned up every drop 
of Dave's as it shot into my mouth.

"That's a good girl; suck me dry. That was a nice blowjob. You really 
like eating cum, don't you?" he asked. Giggling, I nodded.

Jack's fucking now had me almost ready to cum myself. I felt myself 
getting closer and closer, rising toward a peak. I was almost there 
when I felt him jerk and pump his load deep into my pussy. I groaned 
in frustration at how close I had been to cumming. He pulled out and 
asked me if I wanted an orgasm. I nodded eagerly, so he got out of 
the car and Brian took his place. Without any preliminaries Brian 
just slid his cock into my cum-soaked pussy and started fucking me.

Brian's technique was very different from Jack's. He alternated 
several hard thrusts with several gentle ones, as well as pausing for 
long moments with his cock nestled deep within me. Every time I got 
close to cumming he sensed it and paused and soon I was begging him 
to let me cum. He just chuckled and kept up his maddeningly erratic 
style. I almost started crying when I felt him add his cum to the 
load Jack had already deposited inside me. My poor hot pussy felt 
empty when he withdrew. Inquiringly, I looked over at Bob.

"What's the matter, Mrs. Hopkins?"

I paused for a long moment, not wanting to say it out loud. Finally I 
asked him, "Aren't you going to... you know... ?"

"Aren't I going to what?" Bob was not making this simple for me. He 
knew what I wanted.

"Aren't you going to make love to me?"

"Make love? Nobody has made love to you yet. Say what really 
happened. Say what you want, and ask me nicely," he grinned at me 
from the front seat.

"All right. They fucked me, but I didn't have an orgasm. Will you 
please fuck me?" I lay there, almost naked in the back seat of a car, 
with my legs spread and cum trickling down my crack. All I wanted was 
to have someone slide his dick into me and fuck me until I came. I 
did not care who did it.

"Well, since you asked so politely, I'll be glad to fuck you, Mrs. 
Hopkins. But what if seeing it makes the other guys horny again? Will 
you fuck them again too?" Bob asked.

I nodded desperately. Bob turned me so I was facing the front of the 
car, with my ass on the edge of the rear seat. He eased through 
between the seats and lifted my legs up onto his shoulders. I felt 
his cock push into my pussy and he started up a nice rhythm that soon 
had me boiling again. I was a little uncomfortable as he pressed my 
neck back against the seat but his pounding dick soon made me forget 
that discomfort. Jack and Brian got on either side of me and started 
sucking and playing with my tits. I was in heaven.

When I finally came, I came the hardest I ever have. I closed my eyes 
and felt like I was flying through the middle of an explosion. I 
screamed and started bucking my ass, almost throwing Bob off me, but 
he managed to keep fucking me. When I finally came back to reality he 
was still pounding into me. He finally stiffened and shot his load, 
then pulled his cock out of me.

Brian immediately twisted me toward him and slipped his cock into me. 
As he started fucking me for the second time I hooked my legs behind 
his ass, pulling him into my pussy as far as I could. I was so hot I 
began having a small series of miniature orgasms. I started bucking 
and jumping like a madwoman. The boys told me I was the hottest woman 
they had fucked in a long time, making me feel proud.

One after another they all fucked me again. Bob and Brian even had me 
give them a blowjob and I tasted my own dried juices on their cocks, 
a definite first. By then I eagerly sucked their cocks as deep into 
my throat as I could, swallowing every drop of cum as it spurted out 
at me. I was too gone to care how many times I got fucked or who I 
was sucking off.

When they finally finished I could feel my pussy throbbing from its 
workout. It felt full and well fucked. I looked down at my crotch and 
I could see my puffy lips, red even in the dim light. My nipples were 
sore from being sucked and chewed and even my tongue was tired. All I 
wanted was to go to sleep.

We all got out of the car to straighten out our clothing. My 
stockings were all laddered and torn and my dress was wadded around 
my waist, but I tried to make myself as presentable as I could. I 
stuffed my boobs back in and smoothed my skirt down as best I could. 
My pussy felt so swollen I was sure my cunt lips had to be dangling 
down below my skirt, but I knew that was not possible. I took some 
satisfaction in the fact that the boys looked similarly worn out.

Jack walked up to me and pulled my top back down. "You look much 
better like this. I like seeing those big tits and fat nipples of 
yours," he explained. I protested but left them out.

After we all got back into the car, Brian started driving again. We 
soon arrived at the beer store and we all got out and walked to the 
entrance. Several youths were lingering near the entrance. When they 
saw us they started shouting and laughing at me.

I knew I probably looked bad after my gang fuck but I had thought I 
could pass acceptably in public. I could not figure out why they were 
laughing at me. Puzzled, I asked what they were laughing at.

"Maybe they like your tits," Jack chuckled.

I suddenly realized the top of my dress was still down and everyone 
could see my tits hanging out. I turned scarlet. I turned around and 
pulled it back up but they kept on jeering me. Mustering as much 
dignity as I could, I entered the store, ignoring their catcalls.

I was glad we were in a store where I did not shop. I was sure the 
clerk could tell I had just been fucked long and hard by the guys I 
was with. As quickly as possible I signed the credit slip and 
returned to the car. The boys soon returned with the beer and we 
started back.

As soon as we pulled out Dave eased my top down again and started 
sucking on my tits. I made no protest as he also worked a hand under 
my dress and began stroking my pussy. I fell asleep with him playing 
with my tits and pussy and did not awaken until he gently shook me as 
we turned into Sheila's street.

I put myself back together yet again and made my way inside, with Bob 
helping me. Tracy met us at the door.

"Well, you might as well put her in bed. She's not going to be much 
good now," she said as she looked me over.

Jack chuckled. "She has a right to be tired. She's had a really big 
workout. Once we got her started, she turned out to be a pretty hot 
fuck. She satisfied all of us."

As they eased me into bed, I heard her tell Jack, "Remember, this is 
a one-time thing. You promised you'd leave her alone after this."

The last thing I heard was Jack's reply.

"Absolutely. This was a one-time thing... "
