
                        Jenny's Slumber Party

       --------------------------------------------------------
       This work is copyrighted to the author 2005.  Please
       don't remove the author information or make any changes
       to this story.  You may not repost this without the
       expressed permission of the author.

       Thank you for your consideration.
       --------------------------------------------------------

Jenny's Slumber Party (m/f+,exh)
by Harry Perry (harryperry55@gmail.com)

                                 ***

My girlfriend Jenny loves sex and flirting.  She's very open-minded
and has a few friends with whom she wants to share me.  Our first
adventure into sharing is pretty wild.  See "At the Park" for part 2.

I must admit that this series was written a number of years ago.  I
find it a bit childish, but it's still fun.

                                 ***



When I was in middle school, my self confidence was really high.  I
had no problem getting girl friends but they were still pretty nave,
and all we ever did was heavy kissing and minor petting.  One
particular girlfriend that I had when I was 14, almost 15, really
liked showing me off to her friends.  She was the first girlfriend
since reaching puberty that went all the way with me.  Even though I
was her first, too, for some reason, she talked about having me have
sex with her girlfriends.  She seemed to want to show off to her
friends what she got to sleep with and what she was doing with me.

Jenny went to a different middle school than I did.  We met during the
summer at the local Boys and Girls Club and would both be going to the
same high school.  As a matter of fact, we'd be going to school
together the very next year.  It was interesting because we really
didn't live that far away from each other, it just had something to do
with the way they divided the school districts.

The first time Jenny shared me was on one particular night when her
parents were out of town for the weekend and trusted her to take care
of herself for the one night they would be gone.  If they only knew
just how she took advantage of this trust.  She called three of her
best looking girl friends and invited them over for a slumber party.
As a surprise to them, she made arrangements with me to come over at
about 11 pm, after she'd had plenty of time to get her friends
comfortable with the idea of having a boy drop by.  She planned on
breaking into her parent's liquor cabinet to get them nice and warmed
up.  Never did she even hint to her girl friends anything sexual was
going to happen except, maybe, a little teasing.

At first, she didn't tell me anything except to be there, and so I
really didn't know what to expect.  I figured the evening might turn
into a super tease and only hoped it might become more.  I knew Jenny
would take care of me sometime during the evening, but I didn't know
what would develop with her girl friends.  I was wondering if she was
going to make love to me in front of them or something wilder.

When Jenny asked me to wear the pair of white bikini thongs that she
had gotten me a few months earlier, I guessed she was going to show
off my body to her friends, but that was about it.  For the fun of it
and for an added thrill, that's all I wore when I left my house.  It
was plenty warm outside, so I wasn't worried about getting cold.  Part
of the turn on was to see if I could sneak out of the house, walk the
half mile or so and get to Jenny's house without getting caught.

"I'm going to prepare the girls for your arrival," Jenny told me.
"We're going to have a little fashion show, and I hope they'll be all
warmed up and wearing really sexy lingerie when you show up.  Just
sneak in the back door and come on up and... maybe, if you're lucky,
they'll have on something really hot."  Her smile went from ear to
ear.

I got there about a half an hour early, figuring I might catch them
preparing for their little "fashion show" before I entered their den.
I didn't know if I'd like her friends even though she had promised me
they'd be cute.  Well, she was right, they were.

I snuck in the back door and tiptoed up the stairs to Jenny's bedroom.
I'd been there often enough when her parents were home that I knew
just how to get around without putting my weight on the steps that
creaked.  I could hear their voices carrying down the hall, telling
each other stories and giggling.

As I got close to Jenny's room, I had to hold myself against the wall,
out of the light shining from the wide open door, to keep from being
seen.  Fortunately, it was dark in the hallway, and Jenny must have
had every light in her room on.  Wow, what a sight I saw.

Due to the position of the lights in her room, one wall of the hallway
was brightly lit while the other was dark.  I maneuvered myself so
that I was against the wall that was still dark to avoid being seen.
This allowed me to see about half of Jenny's bedroom, but I couldn't
see her bed.

One of the girls was modeling her lingerie for the others to see.  She
was standing in front of the mirror which was in the part of the room
I could see best.  I couldn't believe what she was wearing.  It had to
be the sexiest outfit I've ever seen, and there wasn't a girl that I
knew that could have made it look any better.

The girl looked long and thin and practically naked in her sexy
lingerie.  From behind, it looked as if she was wearing just a
backless halter and lace stockings.  From in front, it was a
skin-tight, almost completely transparent, black halter and stockings
with a tiny G-string.  The two pieces (stockings and halter) were
stretched to their limits making it appear like the attaching straps
were close to breaking.  Her young breasts were firm enough to push
the material away from her chest, stretching it even further and
making it even more transparent.  Her nipples were so hard they looked
like little buttons in the middle of the bra area of the halter.

The tiny, black G-string covered her pussy, but she couldn't have worn
a smaller one.  As a matter of fact, I didn't know they made G-strings
that small.  At an angle, the only evidence that she had anything
covering that part of her body was the thin black line that hooked
over her hip bone, drooping sharply down her pelvis.

Her back was completely bare down to the top of the stockings, leaving
her smooth, round ass exposed.  The only thing which broke the
perfection of her pure, muscular, light tan back was the thin black
string holding the top across her chest.  Then there was the thin
black string of her G-string looping over her round and firm buttocks,
pulled down at her crack by the string between her cheeks.

She had long wavy blond hair pulled back with one of those crescent
spring loaded combs.  Her thick ringlets splayed down her back to just
above the top hem of the halter.  Her face was that of a really young
girl.  My guess was she was no older than nine or ten, but I knew
Jenny wouldn't invite a girl that young to something like this.

"I'm afraid it doesn't show enough," the girl said as she adjusted the
G-string.  Looking at her reflection in the mirror, I watched as she
lowered the minute triangle of material another half an inch and
brought the bottom tight by pulling the string up her ass.  "I want to
tease him until he can't stand it."

"Don't worry, honey," I heard one of the other girls say, "in that
outfit, you'll be lucky if he doesn't rape you."  A titter went around
the room.

She twisted and turned in front of the mirror for about another minute
making minor adjustments to her halter top and G-string.  When she
finally turned to sit on the bed with the other girls, I swear that
she had lowered the front so that a tiny bit of her feminine crack
showed.  My cock jumped at the thought that she did that on purpose.

"If that doesn't get him, this will," another girl said as she stepped
up to the mirror.

"Jesus!" I thought, "this is another killer looking girl, and she
might as well be naked for what her outfit is worth."

The new girl was wearing a white two-piece which contrasted well with
her soft tan body.  The top was made from a two inch wide lace band
which wrapped around her chest just below her breasts.  Rising from
the lace band were two triangular pieces of transparent sheer cloth
completely surrounding her fine round breasts.  When she brushed her
long, straight, blond hair over her shoulders, she gave me a full view
of her silver dollar sized, brown areolas through the sheer cloth in
the mirror.  As she inspected her top in the mirror, she pinched her
nipples through the wispy material and rolled them between her thumb
and fingers.

"I've gotta make these nice and hard for him," she said as she
squeezed her fingers.

"I wouldn't worry about it," I heard Jenny say from the bed, "you've
never had trouble getting them hard before."  Again a little titter
went around the room.

"Shit," the fourth girl, who I had yet to see, exclaimed, "they've
been hard as little rocks all night!"

The girl at the mirror's attention then turned to the little skirt
which almost covered her lower torso.  Another two inch lace band
clung to her slender waist and dipped to a V under her bellybutton.
Hanging from the band was a short pleated skirt made from the same
sheer material which covered her tits.  The skirt was so short in back
that half of her ass hung out below it.  In the mirror, I could see
right through the material in front where her dark triangle of pussy
hair protected her wonderful honey pot.

"I can't believe you two," the yet-to-be-seen girl said.  "You have
left nothing to the imagination!"

"I know," the girl at the mirror replied, "but it turns me on knowing
I'm dressed like this for a complete stranger.  Shit, just standing
here in front of the mirror is getting me wet."

She turned to face her friends on the bed, lifted her skirt in front
and lightly slid her finger between her pussy lips.  "Oh my God," she
exclaimed, "I'm soaked.  I can't believe how wet I get.  Here, see for
yourself."  I watched as she walked toward the bed holding her skirt
up to allow any of her friends to check for themselves.  I had to see
if any of them would take her up on her offer, so I moved to the other
side of the hall.  I was standing in the light, but I tried to stay
low and on the edge of the darkness.

I could now see the other three girls sitting on the bed.  Jenny was
sitting with her back against the wall at the head of her bed and, if
I moved quickly, I'm sure she would have seen me.  She was so involved
with her friends, though, my slow creeping didn't catch her attention.

Jenny was a cute Clairol blond with dark brown eyes.  She had her hair
pulled back into a loose pony tail, which she had hanging down her
right shoulder.  It appeared as though she had just taken a shower
because she was just wearing a towel and was brushing her wet hair.
She was awfully sexy looking with the towel tied in the front between
her tits.  The towel opened just below her breasts and widened all the
way to her right hip, revealing the fact that she had nothing on under
it.

To Jenny's left was the blond with the wavy hair who had been at the
mirror earlier.  To her right was a redhead, the girl I hadn't seen
yet.  This latter girl had such light red hair that it was almost
blond, but, in all the bright light, it was clearly red.  She had it
cut short but it was thick and soft looking.  The redhead was wearing
a light blue lace teddy that was so tight, it had to have been painted
on.  There was an interesting pattern in the lace which ran over her
hips and across her chest.  Everywhere else, the lace was so fine I
could see right through it.  The front of the teddy dropped to a low V
between a reasonably deep cleavage.  Once, when she adjusted herself,
I could swear that her pussy hair was completely visible through the
lace, but it was so light, and I wasn't close enough to be sure.

"Are you kidding?" the girl in black asked with a laugh.

"I'm not going to touch you there," the redhead said, turning her face
away and giggling.

"Why not?" the blond in the two piece asked while walking to the
opposite side of the bed.  "I want you to see just how wet I get."

Jenny was the best!  She leaned right over the girl on her left and
stuck her finger into the muff of the one standing.  Being as bold as
she was, she didn't even pull her finger back right away, either.  The
girl in the two-piece spread her thighs a little and pushed her hips
forward to give Jenny better access.  From my position in the hallway,
I was looking at the girl's back as she offered herself to the others,
and I couldn't see what Jenny was actually doing.  I could only see
the expressions on the faces of the girls on the bed.  They were
clearly expressing shock and disbelief, but I sensed a lustful desire
in their eyes, too.

"Shit, Judy," the blond to Jenny's left wearing the black exclaimed,
"you've gotta see this!  Jenny's got her fingers all the way up
Mindy's puss!"

The redhead turned back and watched as Jenny slid her fingers in and
out of Mindy's vagina.  I could see Jenny staring at what she was
doing as her arm moved slightly up and down.

"Geez, stop that," Judy cried as she gave Jenny a really hard push.
"Can't you wait for your boyfriend to get here and let him do that?"

Jenny lost her balance and had to pull her fingers from Mindy's cunt
to catch herself before she fell all the way onto the floor.

"Besides," Judy continued, "girls shouldn't do that to each other!"

As Jenny pulled herself back into her position on the bed, she said to
Mindy, "You're right, you are really wet!"  Then, turning to the blond
on her left she said, "Maria, you've got to check that out because I
don't even get that wet!"

Mindy walked a little closer to Maria, still holding her little skirt
up in front and pushed her hips forward.  I could see Maria staring at
Mindy's bush, and she licked her lips as her hand slowly stretched out
to touch it.  Again, Mindy spread her thighs apart just a little to
provide better access, and Maria let her fingers slide between Mindy's
love lips.  As her fingers slid in, she exclaimed, "Wow, you ARE wet!"

Even though Maria had learned what she wanted, she didn't pull her
hand back right away, either.  As a matter of fact, she seemed to
become even more interested and continued her examination.  I couldn't
see exactly what she was doing, but it appeared as though she was
playing with Mindy's lips and inspecting them.

Suddenly, Mindy jerked her head back and thrust her hips forward as a
staccato moan emanated from her throat.  Immediately, Maria pulled her
hand back with a look of surprise on her face.

"Oh!  Don't stop," Mindy cried as she started rubbing herself.

"Jesus Christ!" Judy moaned.  "You are such a slut!"

I guessed that Maria had flicked Mindy's clit and instigated an
orgasm.  "God!" I thought, "they're getting each other off, too!"

Just seeing these girls dressed like that in front of each other gave
me a raging hard-on, but to be willing to expose themselves like that
in front of each other just amazed me.  Guys would never do that.  To
make it worse, they were fingering each other and giving each other
orgasms.  Shit!  I could see this was going to be a horny night and I
hoped an orgasm or ten would be in the offing for me.

"I wonder where Trevor is?" I suddenly heard Jenny say.  "He should be
here any second now."

This reminded me that I needed to enter the room.  Unfortunately,
being turned on like I was made things difficult to hide.  I didn't
want to come walking in to meet these girls with my raging hard-on
tightening the little pouch that contained them.  Hell, I had to enjoy
a little foreplay and leave a little to the imagination.  Besides, I
didn't want them to know I'd been watching for the past twenty
minutes.

Suddenly, I wished I had worn a bit more than just the thongs.  My
cock was pressing so hard against the white pouch that I could see
through the material, even in the shadows.  I was sure this was why
Jenny wanted me to wear them, but I had to let her decide when it was
appropriate to flaunt my wares.  I tried to move things around, but I
wasn't successful.  Now I just had this hard sausage shaped bulge
running up toward my right hip.

Realizing there wasn't anything I could do to hide my state, I stepped
into the light.  "Did I hear my name?" I asked innocently.

The girls all leaped off the bed, squealing with excitement and
surrounded me.  They were all bouncing up and down and tugging at me,
pulling me over to the bed to sit with them.  I could smell the
distinct odor of wine on their breath, and I wondered just how much
they had imbibed.

Once again, I was amazed at how immodest they were.  Three of them
were essentially naked and in front of a guy they had never met
before; the wine had clearly lowered their sense of modesty, presuming
they had any before.  They didn't seem to mind at all that their great
little bodies were completely exposed to me.  As a matter of fact,
they seemed to be really enjoying letting me see it all.  They even
pushed their chests out and made a point of rubbing against me as they
maneuvered me to the bed.

I took my position at the foot of the bed, and the girls sat in front
of me while Jenny slid up beside me.  Immediately, Jenny bent forward
and turned her head to stare at my crotch.

"Ooooh, looky what we have here," she cooed as she reached over and
ran her fingertips up and down the outline of my raging tool.  I was
sitting cross-legged on the bed, and one of the girls reached over and
pushed my knee down so that she could see better.  The girls all
stared at my hard-on, giggled, looked at each other and giggled again.

"So, just how long were you standing out there, anyway?" Mindy asked
with a little blush.

"Not very long."

"Well, how long?" she pressed as she let her eyes jump from my eyes to
my hard-on.  She was clearly concerned that I saw what Jenny and Maria
had done to her and suspected that it had something to do with my
obvious excitement.

"Uh ... why don't you introduce us?" I tried to change the subject.

"Oh, yeah," Jenny said as she turned to tell me the names of the
girls.  I pretended I didn't know already as Jenny went around the
room.  While she did, I wanted to take the opportunity to really check
out their sexy nightgowns further and the great little bodies that
were barely covered.

As she started to introduce Mindy, I interrupted her.  "How about each
of you stand up and show me your great looking outfits as she
introduces you?"

"Good idea," Jenny said.  "After all, we picked these out just for
you."

Jenny continued to introduce Mindy who leaped off the bed and spun
around twice for me.  Her spinning caused her little white skirt to
rise up and show me everything underneath.  Then she stood there,
first pushing her chest out and then her hips, obviously proud of her
little body.

Mindy was a magnificent looking girl with long, straight blond hair
that came down to about her waist.  She obviously got a lot of sun or
colored her hair because of how dark her pussy hair was.  Her eyes
were light brown, and her two front teeth had a very sexy little split
between them.  Her nose was a little wide but straight.

Her body was perfect.  She had curves in all the right places.  Her
pert little breasts completely filled the triangles of the sheer
material so it looked like it was spray-painted on.  Her nipples stood
like stones on the end of the silver dollar sized light brown areolas.
God, how I wanted to massage them.

As my eyes descended down her trim waist, I lingered at her perfect
bellybutton.  The waist band of her little skirt outlined her stomach
muscles, which were just barely perceptible.  Even though the skirt
was pretty transparent, it was just filmy enough to hide the details
of her pussy, showing only a triangle of dark brown.  My cock jerked
as I noticed I could just see the bottom of her swollen pink lips
below its bottom seam.  Mindy giggled when she saw the movement in my
thong and raised her hand up to cover her mouth.

Judy had been sitting next to Mindy and slowly climbed off the bed to
stand in front of us while Mindy returned to the bed.  At first, Judy
held her arms in such a way as to hide her breasts and crotch.  She
didn't move much and seemed as modest as she was embarrassed of her
modesty and slowly lowered her arms to her side.

She had a somewhat round face with beautiful dark blue eyes.  Her
smile was wide with very thin lips.  She had put on a little lipstick
and eyeliner, obviously for my arrival.  Her light blue teddy appeared
to reveal quite a bit more than I had noticed before.  The pattern
that had appeared to be quite opaque wasn't.  I could see her breasts
clearly and appreciated their firmness as they pushed the teddy from
her chest.  Just below the lace hem on her chest, I could see her
pretty pink areolas through the mesh with tiny nipples sticking out.
Even though she appeared to be shy, she didn't seem to mind a total
stranger seeing her practically naked body, even when it was visibly
turned on.  Her pussy hair was so thin and light it was hard to make
out through the teddy, but it was there, just above the crack of her
sex canal.

The girls made her turn around a couple of times so we could see her
from behind.  She spun around in a very awkward manner, like she
wasn't used to being admired.  I'm glad she did, though, because it
revealed the fact that her teddy didn't come all the way around in
back.  There was a thong running up her ass that split into four
strings.  One pair created a rounded V that outlined her beautiful ass
cheeks and held the edges of the teddy tight against her waist.  The
other two blue strings stretched up from the crack of her ass to wrap
over her shoulders and hold the teddy up in front.  A final string
crossed the middle of her back, disappearing under either arm to hold
the front tight across her breasts.

Her ass was firm and round with large dimples on either side, and her
back looked muscular and strong.  Now this was a true hard-body.  My
arms ached to hold her next to me, and I wanted to feel her firm body
against mine.

Then Jenny introduced Maria who jumped off the bed and slapped Judy on
the ass as she took her place at the foot of the bed.  Judy's bare
butt cheek jiggled seductively from the attack, but I think I was the
only one to notice.  Maria kept her back to us for a moment, letting
me admire her bare back and ass as she checked herself in the mirror.
I couldn't believe she was fully aware of how exposed she was.  She
looked so young and innocent, yet she appeared to have absolutely no
modesty.  Maria had a very young face with green eyes and a little
button nose.  She had a lot of hair that was very full and wavy.  It
was pulled back with combs so that it was like a horse's mane on the
back of her head.

When she turned back to face us, I was not disappointed, even though
I'd checked her out earlier without her knowing.  Maria's long blond
hair hung loosely down either side of her head, covering her breasts.
The stretched material opened in a large oval to frame her flat
stomach, centered with her long thin bellybutton.  Stretching down
over her hip bone, it became a thin strip that was attached to the
tops of her stockings.  Her long legs were completely covered by the
black lace ending just a fraction of an inch below her crotch.

She pushed her hips forward to get my eyes to focus on her groin and
tiny G-string.  There couldn't have been an inch of material coming up
from between her legs.  The minuscule black triangle didn't completely
cover what it was intended to cover as a good half inch of her pussy
slit was exposed above it.  Not a lick of pubic hair could be seen.
Maria was so skinny that her mons veneris seemed to bulge out, giving
the impression that her pussy was begging to be touched.

After giving me a good minute to stare at her, Maria threw her hair
back over her shoulders and let me see her tits under the transparent
lace.  The two glands made cone-shaped mounds topped by cone-shaped
areolas.  As I stared, she passed her hands over the points to make
sure that the nipples were sufficiently hard.

My cock was so hard and begging to be touched that I had to reach down
and do something to it.  I tried to touch myself without being too
obvious.  I pressed the heel of my hand into the stiff shaft as I
leaned forward, pretending to try and get a closer look.

The grin that crossed Maria's face told me that she had noticed the
trouble I was having with my groin and was proud to be the cause of
it.  I wondered if she was all tease or if I was going to get a piece
of her sometime during the night.

I reached out and pulled her closer, again focusing my attention on
the tiny G-string which exposed so much.  Maria, seeing my interest,
again pushed her hips toward me.  I reached out with my finger and
gently touched the folds of her lips that exposed themselves above the
black glossy cloth.  Immediately, Maria jerked back and covered
herself with her hands, a bright red blush filling her cute face.  She
climbed onto the bed, crossing her legs to hide herself and tried to
get us to turn our attention away from her.

"Shit, what's wrong with her?" Judy asked.  "I mean, she knew how much
she was showing.  Why is she so embarrassed now?"

Maria turned her glowing face away and said, "Nothing, let's talk
about something else."

"I thought she knew, too," Mindy added.

"What she didn't know," I said quietly, "was ..."

"Never mind!" Maria interrupted.  "Can't we talk about something
else?"

"... her clit was sticking out," I finished.

The girls all laughed and chided her, which only made Maria even more
red with embarrassment.

"So, what were you talking about before I got here?" I asked, trying
to start some kind of conversation as I stared at these beauties.  I
was so turned on with the view of the three honeys in front of me, I
had no problem maintaining the object of their attention.  Of course,
watching them stare at it didn't hurt, either.

"Oh ...," Judy looked around at the other girls, "... when you
arrived, we were checking ourselves out for you, but before that, we
were talking about boys.  What else?"  All the girls looked at each
other and giggled.

"What's so funny?" I figured this was a good topic to get things
warmed up.  Since Jenny was my girlfriend and comfortable with me, she
explained.

"We were talking about what prudes boys are," she said.  "They're all
talk and no action!"  All the girls giggled again.  "I told them that
you were the only boy I know that isn't one."

"What are you talking about?" I argued.  "It seems to me that girls
are the biggest prudes!"

"Huh uh!" the girls came back.  "Boys are!"

"I don't believe it!" I challenged.  "Give me an example!"

The girls looked at each other and seemed to hesitate.  Then Maria
said, "Well ... whenever we want to play with guys, they get all
embarrassed."

"Yeah," Judy added, "we want to check them out as much as they like
checking us out, and we can't see anything unless we get them turned
on."

"Yeah," Mindy continued, "you should see how we dress at school.  We
wear clothes that show the guys just about everything ..."

"... with you," Judy interrupted, "they DO see everything!"

The other girls giggled, and Mindy slapped Judy playfully and mumbled,
"Oh, they do not!".

"But," Mindy tried to finish, "the best we get from the guys are some
tight jeans, and if we manage to get them excited, they cover
themselves and run away!"

"Yeah," Jenny got into the argument, "it's not fair!"

"Shit!" I argued.  "It's not that way at my school!  There are only a
couple of girls who dress sexy.  All the rest cover themselves up
completely and keep their arms crossed in front of their chests all
the time.  The guys are constantly trying to get them to open up but
... nothing!"

"But that doesn't mean the guys aren't prudes," Maria pointed out.
"Just because they want to check out the girls doesn't mean they are
willing to show anything!"

"Maybe if the guys were more open, the girls might be more willing,"
Judy added.

"Yeah," Mindy chimed in, "look at us!"  Like I hadn't been all this
time!  "We've never met you, but we still dressed in our sexiest
nighties."  The girls all pushed their chests out and made sure my
view was unencumbered.  Even Maria was getting over her earlier
embarrassment and let her legs relax a little.  "And you have to
admit, we're not hiding much!"

"Well, you're right about that!" I agreed.  "And a sexier lot I've
never seen."  The girls all looked down at their little outfits and
adjusted them, obviously proud of themselves.  "But I did my best to
be sexy for you, too!" I added.  "Shit, I'm only wearing this thong.
I couldn't wear anything less without being completely naked."  They
all looked at my still stiff rod clearly visible through my white
thong, smiled and agreed.

"That's true, here," Maria acknowledged, "but would you be willing to
dress that sexy in public, like at a beach?"

"Yeah," Mindy added, "or would you cover yourself in public if you got
a hard-on?"

"Well, this is all I wore over here," I pointed out, "and since I
walked all the way from my house ...."

"You mean you left your house and walked over here with nothing else
on?" Judy asked.

"That's right!"

"Also," Jenny sided with me for a moment, "I've seen what he wears in
public, and he DOES dress sexy.  That's why I love him so much."  She
wrapped her hands around my arm and hugged her face to my shoulder.

"Hey!" Mindy interrupted, "how come you didn't get off the bed and
show us YOUR outfit?"

The girls all agreed that I should show them my thong, and Jenny
pushed me off the bed.

As I picked myself off the floor, I took a quick look in the mirror
and realized that my thong wasn't hiding much at all.  My prick was
pressing so hard against the thin white material that I could almost
see the veins along its shaft.  Since these babes were so uninhibited
for me, I figured I'd just let them see what they wanted to see.

Standing as straight and tall as I could, I turned around and let them
look.  Even Jenny's eyes were riveted to the pulsing bulge I
displayed.

"Holy shit!" Mindy exclaimed as she crawled across the bed to get a
closer look.

"What'd I tell ya," Jenny commented.

Maria silently used her finger to beckon me closer as she let one leg
drop to the floor.  She had completely forgotten her embarrassment and
was again exposing her clitoris to me.

Even Judy adjusted herself to look over Mindy and get a little closer.
I was surprised that a girl as shy as this would show this much
interest.  I mean, girls are supposed to at least pretend they're not
interested.

While staring at Maria's clit peeking out from those soft pink folds,
I stepped closer, putting my cock within inches of Mindy's face and
within reach of Maria.  The latter, figuring she had just as much
right to touch the object of her desire as I had with her earlier,
reached out and placed the flat of her hand on my straining pecker.
Unlike her, I stood still and didn't pull away.  Slowly, she closed
her hand around it and felt its full length, stopping to outline the
crown with her fingernail.

"You girls are a lot of talk," I said, now seeing my chance to really
get things going, "but let's see some action!"

"Like how?" Mindy asked, already squirming.

"Like," I challenged them, "let's see just how gutsy you are in
public.  I dare you to go with me out to the park right now, dressed
the way you are."

Judy wasn't too keen on the idea.  I could tell she was the most shy
of the group, but she didn't want to admit it after our little
argument.  She wouldn't give a reason for her reservations, but I
guessed it was because she wasn't quite this overt, and her teddy was
pretty revealing.

The other three girls were determined to prove me wrong.  I think they
also figured we were pretty safe, going out at midnight, of not being
caught.

Jenny jumped off the bed and said, "Let me go put something sexy on
and then, let's go!"

"Huh uh!" I said with a big shit-eating grin.  "You go dressed the way
you are.  That's the agreement."  This would be a real stretch for
even Jenny since the towel didn't cover her completely.  Standing
there in front of us, we could see that it came down to just below her
waist, her pussy clearly exposed below the towel.

"But all I have on is this little towel," she whined, lifting one
corner enough to expose everything from her bellybutton down and then
dropping it again.

"I know," my grin got even wider.

"Well, can I put on a little bigger towel?" she asked hopefully.  "I
mean, this towel is pretty small."

I knew the towel was small, and that only turned me on even more.  She
had chosen a smaller towel intentionally to be a little flirt.  Now
she was going to have to pay.

"Nope," I said, figuring this would make her chicken out.
Unfortunately (or fortunately, depending on how you look at it), Jenny
shrugged her shoulders and said, "Well ... okay then ... if I have
to."  I could tell by her tone she was putting on an act for the other
girls.  She really liked the idea of exhibiting herself.

That was all it took, and the girls all leaped off the bed and headed
for the door.  I got so excited by the idea of getting these
practically naked girls to go outside with me, I flew off the bed and
followed them down the stairs.  Judy was the only one behind me,
mumbling something about getting caught.

As we stumbled down the stairs, the girls made a point of checking out
the sausage throbbing in the front of my thong.  I tried to keep it in
control, but it wasn't easy.  Each of them made a point of grabbing it
or running their hand across it as they passed.  Jenny didn't seem to
mind the attention I was receiving from the other girls, and I could
swear was encouraging it.

I took advantage of Maria's hesitation while she grabbed at my crotch
by filling my hand with her bare ass as she passed.  As I expected, it
felt so firm and ripe, yet smooth and soft.  She squealed and jumped
away in playful innocence.

It was almost midnight as we went out the front door.  We were taking
quite a risk walking out on the street this way because it wasn't
really so late that no one would be around.  Mindy was the biggest
flirt of the group followed close behind by Jenny.  They both just
loved showing off their bodies.  Mindy paraded herself down the street
like she was completely dressed, making sure to face the street
whenever a car would go by, pushing her chest out and skipping, making
her little skirt flip up.

Jenny played with Mindy by mimicking her and trying to be more of a
tease, but not quite willing to go as far.  The two of them played off
of each other, and I just enjoyed the show.

The other girls just walked and tried to stay in the shadows.  Even
though they wanted to exhibit themselves, there were some concerns
about getting caught and what might happen.  Judy was the most
nervous, looking everywhere and worried someone might see us.
Whenever we came to a street light, Mindy and Jenny would
intentionally walk directly under it.  The other girls stayed in the
shadows or walked on the other side of the street.  One time, Mindy
even twirled around the base of the lamppost, letting her blond hair
whip out and flicking it as she came around.  Under the light, I could
see through her sheer white nightgown as if it weren't there at all.
I caught a glimpse of her dark triangle of pussy hair and her pert
little nipples which looked like tiny brown disks on her small
breasts.  God, what a tease.

At one point along our walk down the street, we came upon a couple
walking the other way.  Mindy walked in front of us just as proud as
she could be and even said "hi" to the couple.  The guy was
dumbfounded and just stared at her while the woman eyed Mindy with
disgust.  The guy was so focused on Mindy, he almost missed the rest
of us.  Maria kind of hid behind Jenny as we passed the couple even
though she walked straight and tall (probably just trying not to be
obviously modest).  The guy only realized how exposed she was when he
looked back and saw her from behind.  His girlfriend slapped his head
forward so he didn't get a really good look.  I don't think he even
picked up on Jenny's exposure.

About a block later, we came upon a guy walking by himself, and the
girls really had fun with him.  Mindy looked back at me to make sure I
was there, I presume to protect her or because she was showing off,
and then went prancing up to the poor unsuspecting man.  She
introduced herself to him and asked him what he was doing out so late.
He said something about coming home from a friend's house and that he
had gotten tired.  Mindy walked around him like an animal stalks its
prey, inspecting the guy from top to bottom.  He had to keep turning
his head to follow her as she eyed him.  It seemed like he just
couldn't believe his eyes and was trying to figure out if this girl
was really as naked as she appeared.  Since they weren't standing in
the light, he probably just couldn't be sure.

When Mindy again stood in front of our poor unsuspecting gentleman,
Jenny walked up behind her and ran her hand up Mindy's ass, pulling
the little skirt up with it.  Mindy squealed and pushed the skirt down
while turning around to see who was behind her.  When she saw it was
Jenny, she giggled and gave Jenny a little push before turning back to
the guy.

"I'd like to introduce you to a really good friend of mine," Mindy
said to the wide-eyed guy.  "This is Jenny, and would you believe, she
is completely naked underneath this towel."  Then she turned to Jenny
and said, "Jenny, this is my new friend, John."

Jenny reached her hand out to shake.  She acted as if she were
completely dressed, and Mindy hadn't said what she just said.  "I'm
very pleased to meet you, John."  Then, as John shook her hand in a
dazed look, Jenny said, "Mindy's telling you the truth."  After their
hands parted, Jenny added, "Did you know that Mindy's outfit is
completely see-through, and she has nothing on underneath?"

I was laughing my ass off listening to this straight forward
conversation, as if they were talking about the weather or something.
I knew they were trying to get him turned on and wanted to see if they
could get a rise out of him - especially in his pants.  John knew I
was near and looked at me periodically as if he wondered just how far
he was allowed to go with these two.  I could see the bulge forming in
his pants, but I just stood there with Judy and Maria under each arm
and shook my head grinning.  Judy and Maria were just watching their
two friends in awe.

"I kind of wondered if my eyes were failing me," John said bending a
little to peer at Mindy's tits through her sheer top.  Jenny reached
over and squeezed Mindy's left breast, diddling her nipple through the
soft material.

"Pretty nice, huh," Jenny said to John.  "Here, check it out
yourself."

Mindy even pushed her chest out to offer it to him.  John glanced at
me as he wrapped his hand over her breast.  Mindy just stood still
while John felt her up.  She glanced over to me to make sure I was
still watching and grinned.

"You should check THIS out," Mindy said to John without pulling away
from his kneading.  She reached over to Jenny and lifted the corner of
her towel, completely exposing the lower half of Jenny's torso.  John
almost fell over as he looked at my honey's hot naked body.

Jenny didn't move and let the guy stare at her dark triangle of pubic
hair for a few seconds.  His hand dropped from massaging Mindy's
breast and started to go for Jenny's pussy, but, just before he
touched my girlfriend, Jenny pulled the towel from Mindy's hand and
let it drop.

"You know, Mindy," Jenny said, "I think we should go."

"What do you mean?" John begged with a look of panic on his face.

Mindy put her arm around John's waist and hugged him to her side as
she said, "Oh, not yet, Jenny.  We're just starting to have fun!"

"Yeah!" John put his arm around Mindy.  "Don't go yet!"  Then he
looked over to the three of us still watching him.  I didn't react.

"Well," Jenny continued, staring at the straining bulge in his pants,
"I don't think we can take this any farther, and we're not being fair
to John."

"Why not!" John argued.  "Why don't you two gorgeous girls come on
over to my place for a while?"

"Oh, we couldn't do that," Mindy said, running her hands over John's
body.  "We've got a party to go to."

"Dressed like that?"

"Yeah," Jenny went on.  "We'd invite you to join us, but it's a very
private party."

"And, besides," Mindy added, "you're a little over dressed."  All the
girls giggled.

"Well, it's been real nice meeting you," Jenny said extending her
hand.

John continued to try and convince the girls to go to his place,
obviously thinking he was going to get more than just a tease.  He
took Jenny's hand and said, "Is this all I'm going to get, a
handshake?"

"I'm afraid so," Mindy said, staring directly at his bulge, "but it
sure was fun."

Jenny took both of John's hands in hers and held them.  Then she
pulled him closer for a kiss, guiding one hand under her towel to her
crotch.  She gave him a nice kiss on the lips and then pulled herself
away, pushing his hand down from between her legs.

"Come on, Mindy, let's go," Jenny said as she pranced back over to us.

"Okay," Mindy said as she wrapped her hands around John's neck to give
him a big kiss.  "Thanks for the show."

As their lips parted, John asked, "What show?"

Mindy didn't even respond, just looked down at his pants, placed her
open palm against the raging tool that pressed against his slacks,
gave it a good squeeze and then turned away.

"Bye, honey," she said without turning back.  Then she grabbed my hand
and pulled me along.  "Come on, let's go!"

We all continued down the street, leaving poor John standing alone and
wondering what just happened.

"Oh, God!  What a rush!" Mindy said as we walked hand in hand down the
sidewalk.  "I can't believe how much that turned me on!  Did you enjoy
it?"  Then she looked down at the still straining member in the pouch
of my thong.  "I guess so," she said, answering her own question.

Mindy trotted off ahead of the group again, and Jenny took her place
at my side.  Rather than take my hand, though, Jenny just reached over
and gave my cock a squeeze.

"God!  You are fun to play with," she said.  "It was so much fun
teasing that guy, knowing you were there to protect us in case a
problem developed."  Then she pulled my head down to hers and gave me
a quick peck on the lips.  "Thanks," she whispered.

"Say, Jenny," Maria called.  "Did you let him cop a feel under your
towel?"

"Oh, yeah!" Jenny bounced over to Maria and Judy.  "I kinda felt sorry
for the poor guy.  We were teasing him like crazy, and I knew he
wasn't going to get any.  He probably had enough to beat off with, but
I wanted to give him just a little more.  So, I let him feel my pussy.
I thought he could smell me when he got home."

"Shit, Jenny," Judy shook her head.  "I can't believe you two.  One of
these days, you're gonna take things too far."

"But I'm gonna have a lot of fun until then," Jenny snapped back.
Then she turned to Maria and said quietly, "What I didn't expect was
that he stuck his finger up inside.  Shit, I almost had an orgasm
right there.  I was so wet, his fingers just slid in before I could
stop him."

Maria giggled, and Mindy bounced back to join them.

"Hell," Mindy told them, "he had his other hand on my bare ass the
entire time I was standing next to him.  I kept feeling his fingers
dig deeper and deeper between my cheeks.  I didn't stop him because I
wanted to see how far he was going to go.  When you were kissing him,
he actually pushed his finger right into my ass hole, and I had this
unbelievable orgasm."

"Jesus, Mindy," Judy scolded, "you are always having orgasms!  I've
never known anybody who cums as often as you do!  Sometimes I think
you're just imagining them."

"Oh, you're just jealous!" Mindy shot back.

