

                

Nerve Endings - 21
by DeeDee18 (deedeeo18@hotmail.com)

***

Jan goes to a club and gets taken, then mom soothes the 
hurt. (F/F-teens, nc, rp, inc, orgy)

***

On one of Angie's 'away to see her folks' weekends, I 
was feeling overwhelmingly horny for some reason. I 
masturbated furiously in the shower, but by the time I 
had dragged the towel all over my sensitive nerve 
endings I was wet between my legs again.

I thought to myself, "This is ridiculous. I've got to 
either go over and bother Angie's folks, or go out and 
find somebody to put me out of my misery."

I looked through my closet and couldn't find anything 
sexy enough to match my mood. I finally opened my 
dresser drawer, and took out a little spaghetti 
strapped pale pink slip, and slid it on over my naked 
little body.

I turned to check it out in the mirror, and gasped, 
when I saw the cute little girl looking back at me, 
with the long blonde hair, and the blue eyes, and the 
gorgeous breasts, topped by the now stiff little pink 
cones.

The edge of the scoop top fell just at the top of my 
nipples, and if I moved just right the material fell 
away, so I could see clear down to my pink painted 
little toes. God, I was so turned on today!

"What's the matter with me? My god, I'm trembling with 
lust at my own reflection!"

"Enough of this shit. I've got to get out of here!"

I pulled my hair up on top of my head, and fastened it, 
so I would appear much older. Then I went downstairs 
and into the kitchen. I got my toast out, and sat down 
next to Dad, and looked over at him and grinned, as I 
saw him ogling my tits through the almost opaque top of 
my slip.

"Good morning horny old father of mine," I giggled.

"Good morning, little slut daughter of mine," he 
laughed back.

"Where are you off to today, dressed in that 'fuck me' 
outfit?" asked Mom, as she panted, and licked her lips 
nervously.

"Oh, I don't know. I was thinking about going down to 
that new non liquor Lesbian Bar, which just opened up 
by the Mall."

Mom gasped, and Dad's mouth fell open!

"Honey, one of those dykes will fuck you silly in 
there, you know?"

"Yeah, I know!" I laughed, as I opened my lips, and 
dragged my tongue back and forth over them 
lasciviously.

They both exchanged glances, and then Mom came over and 
hugged me, as she said,

"Oh, alright, honey, but be careful, okay?"

I kissed her, and then nodded, as I got up, and headed 
out the door, in my little slip, and high heels to 
match.

I walked up to the entrance of the club and arranged my 
slip, then opened the door. The interior was dimly lit 
with a bar down one side, booths on the right, and a 
jukebox and dance floor toward the back. Typical bar 
setup, but definitely not typical bar patrons.

I walked up to the bar, as three or four beautiful 
women looked me up and down. I trembled, as I asked the 
sexy looking brunette behind the bar for a cherry 
soda.She looked me over carefully, then went down the 
bar to mix my drink. 

I knew I looked older, with my hair up, and tastefully 
applied makeup, because Angie and I had been going to 
alcohol free clubs since she moved in with me, and we 
were still only a few months past our sixteenth 
birthdays.

I stood by the bar and sipped my drink, while I looked 
casually around the room. As I stood there, I felt a 
hand fall lightly on my shoulder, and I turned around 
to find a cute little blonde girl staring at me, and 
looking down the front of my slip.

I shivered from the feelings running up my body, and I 
got goose bumps all over from her lusty gaze.

"Hi, I'm Corrine. What's your name, you delectable 
little doll?"

She was about five inches taller, and I looked at her 
breasts, which were trying to burst out of the tight 
cropped tee shirt she was wearing. She caught my stare 
and grinned.

"Like what you see, little one?" she asked.

"Yesss!" I stammered, as I felt moisture forming on my 
naked vagina. The air conditioning blew up my little 
slip, and across my wet cunt lips, and I gasped, as I 
clenched my legs together to pinch my clit.

She moved closer, and slid her hand up and down my arm, 
as she purred,

"I like the little dress you have on. Isn't it just a 
slip, though? I can see your nipples sticking out 
easily, and I want to suck them so bad I can taste it!"

I shuddered, as she let the hand wander over my flat 
stomach, and then up under one of my breasts. When she 
slid higher, and pinched my nipple through the slip, I 
gasped, and my knees almost buckled, as I shivered, and 
bit my lower lip, and panted.

"Oh, God! Please don't! You'll make me wet myself if 
you don't stop!"

"My, my! Aren't you the horny little devil? Maybe if I 
grab both of your perky little tits, like this, it will 
help?"

"No! Oh, please! I'm gonna' come if you don't quit!"

"Oh, really? Let's see if you really can, hunh?" she 
said, as she pulled hard on both my nipples, which 
pulled my slip clear out away from my body, giving her 
a full view of all my naked skin from my nipples to my 
high heels."

"And you're naked under that little number you have on, 
aren't you?" she panted in my face, as she moved her 
lips over mine teasingly. I could smell the minty odor 
of her drink on her warm breath, as she ran her tongue 
over my lips, and gently slid it in and out of my 
panting mouth.

She released my swollen nipples, and slid both her 
palms down the front of my slip, until she was cupping 
my mound. 

"Feels a little wet down there, honey. Are you cumming 
yet?"

"Oh, God, yesss!" I gasped, as a shock ran from my 
nipples down through my body, and into my hot little 
cunt.

"Cum, baby, cum for me, now!" she whispered, as she 
pushed fingers against my slit, which forced the silk 
up between my lips, and against my swollen clit.

"Unh! Unh! Unh!" I panted, as the contractions came, 
over and over, and I jerked against her hands.

As I held onto Corrine's arms to steady my shaking 
knees, I felt someone's body pushing gently against my 
back. I looked back over my shoulder to see another 
woman, much taller than either of us, smiling down on 
me, as she ran her hands up and down my sweaty back.

"Little overheated are we?" she whispered, as she ran 
her lips over the nape of my neck, and nibbled at my 
ears. I was shaking something terrible, as she ran her 
hands down, and lifted the slip up over my naked rear 
end.

"Please, don't," I murmured, as the girl in front 
frenched me, and the lady in back slid her hand under 
me, between my legs, and pushed her fingers up into my 
drenched little cunt. 

Everyone in the whole bar was panting as they watched 
the lady and girl work me over between their bodies. 

"Oh, God! This is what I wanted! Oh, yesss! Their hands 
are all over me, and my cunt is dripping, and orgasms 
are racing, one after the other, through my body! Unh! 
Unh! Unh! Oh, God, I can't believe I'm turning into 
such a little slut, but I want it so bad!! Oh, God! I'm 
cumming again! AAAArgh!"

They let up on me for a moment, and I wiped the sweat 
out of my eyes with a napkin, as they both hugged me 
gently between them.

"Come on, little sweetie, let's go dance, okay?"

I nodded numbly, as they then led me back to the dance 
floor, and the tall lady put on some slow sultry jazz 
on the Jukebox.

I put my arms around the girl's neck, and she pulled me 
close, so our breasts were mashed together. It felt 
awesome, as she moved back and forth, and my nipples 
were hard as rocks, standing out under my little slip.

The tall lady behind me reached up, and started to 
slide the spaghetti straps down over my shaking 
shoulders! I tried to turn, but the girl held me tight, 
as the lady continued to pull the slip down, until I 
felt the cool air across my now naked nipples.

"Don't! You're taking my slip off! Everybody is going 
to see that I'm naked underneath!" I gasped, as tremors 
kept hitting me, over and over.

"That's exactly what we're going to do, little minx! 
When we finish with you, you won't ever come back here 
again, unless you are so horny you can't sit still!" 
the girl whispered into my mouth, as she tongued me 
repeatedly.

"Oh, God! No! I don't want to! No! Oh, God! Please! My 
slip's falling off! Oh my God, I'm naked, can't you all 
see? Oh, fuck, I'm cumming!" I shouted, as they pinched 
me between their bodies, and fondled my cunt and 
nipples, and kissed, and sucked, and bit, my face and 
neck!

I heard, over the blood pounding in my ears, the 
barmaid yell for some one to lock the front door. I 
looked around, and saw that all the women in the bar 
were pulling their clothes off, and heading toward me.

"Please, let me go!" I pleaded, as the two women 
holding me pulled me down on the dance floor, and held 
my arms out over my head, while two more grabbed my 
legs, and spread them wide, as two more began to run 
their hands all over my feverish, sweaty, little body.

I felt hands, and lips, and tongues, and fingers, 
driving in and out of my every orifice. As one girl 
finger fucked me furiously, jerking up on my cunt and 
curling her tips against my G spot, another was shoving 
her wet fingers in and out of my pink anus. Another 
fucked my face with her tongue, as the rest yanked, and 
pulled, and kneaded my breasts and swollen nipples. And 
some others sucked, and blew, on my ears, until I was 
jerking, and fucking, and bucking, and rolling back and 
forth, as I screamed, over, and over, at the top of my 
lungs, totally lost to the fires raging in my cunt, and 
nipples, and mouth, and all over my sweetly tortured 
body!!

"Oh, God, Please stop! I can't take much more of this! 
I'm burning up! Please, oh God, No! Oh fuck me! Fuck 
me! Umph, Umph! Umph! Oh, God! I'm cummmiiinngg!!! Oh, 
No! Ohmigod! I'm cummimg agaiiin! Fuck meeeeeee!!!!!"

They kept ravaging my sweat soaked body until I 
couldn't stand it, and I whimpered "Please, no 
moooooore!" as everything got dimmer, and dimmer, until 
I couldn't feel anything anymore, and I feinted. 

I awoke with a start, from the pitcher of cold water 
that someone threw on my face! I stared up at the 
circle of naked girls and women, looking down on my 
exhausted body. Then they picked me up, and helped me 
put my thin little slip and shoes back on, and walked 
me to the door.

"Come see us again next time you want to be raped," One 
said. The others laughed, as they went back in, and 
closed the door.

I dragged my sore little body out onto the street, and 
made my way home in a complete daze. I had never been 
so thoroughly fucked in my whole life, and my nerve 
endings felt like they had all short circuited somehow.

My knees were trembling so badly that I had to take my 
heels off, for fear that if I didn't I would fall to 
the pavement.

I finally made it home, and Mom gasped when she saw my 
shaking little body. She helped me up to my room, and 
stripped me, and put me into a hot tub, to soak away my 
aches and pains. She gently washed me off with the soft 
sponge, as I lay back against the end of the tub, with 
my eyes closed.

Gradually, the soft rubbing, and the warm water, 
brought my nerves back up to the surface, and I began 
to get a warm glow seeping into the area between my 
legs! Mom kept moving the bubbles over my breasts, and 
soothingly rubbing the sponge over my nipples, until I 
looked down to see them standing up hard once again.

Mom noticed, and grinned at me, as she pulled up gently 
on the pink little cones, and pinched them lightly, 
until I was squirming around in the tub, with my head 
back, and my eyes closed, and my lower lip clenched 
between my teeth.

"Oh, Mom, your hands feel so nice, and soft, and 
warm. I love it when you fondle my nipples. Please 
don't stop."

She stroked me some more, then slowly worked her hand 
down under the bubbles, and pushed the sponge between 
my legs. I jerked, and gasped, as I lifted up of the 
tub bottom.

"You're still as horny a little devil as you have been 
since the day you were born, Jan," Mom laughed.

I smiled, dreamily, as she worked the sponge ever 
deeper between my cunt lips, and began to rub it over 
my swollen clit. God, it felt so good! My Mom has 
always had the right touch as far as I am concerned.
She made me what I am today, a raging sex maniac. I 
laughed out loud at that thought, and Mom looked at me 
questioningly.

I grinned, and reached down, and pulled the sponge out 
of her hand, and then I pushed her hand up against my 
cunt hard. She reacted as always, and curled her 
fingers up into my hot little hole, and began to finger 
fuck me, as she leaned over and kissed my sore, puffy 
lips, very softly.

I reached up to put my arms around her neck, and pulled 
her warm mouth against mine, as I slid my tongue around 
over hers, and we panted softly so our breath 
intermingled. I have always loved kissing my Mom. She 
has a way of moving her lips over mine that I have 
never felt from anyone else, even Angie. Of course my 
little lover can turn me on more, but Mom makes me feel 
warm, and loved, and aroused, at the same time which is 
a different kind of feeling than the hot, sexy feel I 
get, when Ang is fucking me.

As her hand moved faster and faster between my legs, I 
grabbed Mom's big firm breasts, and pulled on her 
nipples, until she was gasping, and squirming, as much 
as me. 

"Oh, Mom! That feels so nice. Fuck me, Mom! Fuck me 
softly! Oh, sooo sweet! Oh, God! Mom! I'm, gonnaa' cum, 
Mom! Oh, Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Oh Mooooom! I'm 
cummmiiiinng!" I breathed between her soft lips.

"Oh, honey, go ahead! Cum, little baby, cum for your 
momma! Come on, honey, cum now, while I finger fuck you 
in the soapy water, and the warm liquid surges in and 
out of your hot little pussy! Cum! Now! Sweetie!"

"Oh! MooooM I'm cumming again! Here I cum! Oh MooooM! 
Oh, G,G.G.G--God!"

With that I arched up out of the water, while Mom 
rammed in and out of my hot wet cunt, and I kissed her 
hard, while she gasped in my mouth. My body kept 
twitching, and jerking, as the contractions just kept 
coming, until I screamed, and shuddered, as the last 
big jolt jerked me stiff on my Mom's hand.

*** 

When I could breathe again, I smiled the contented 
smile I always have on my face when I have been totally 
fucked! I purred into my Mom's mouth, as she grinned, 
and rubbed me all over with the soft sponge, until I 
was absolutely glowing.

Then she helped me out, and dried me off with the big 
soft bath towel, as she hugged, and fussed over me, 
like I was her little baby again. I love my Mom, so 
much!

I went into my room, and looked in the mirror, to see 
if I was any the worse for wear. I was pleasantly 
surprised to see I had come through my ordeal 
completely unscathed. I guess my little body is tougher 
than I thought.

Then I flopped on my bed, naked, and called Angie to 
relate my day's adventures. She giggled, and laughed, 
and panted, in all the right places, until I was 
getting wet again, reliving my rape, and my sweet bath.

I finally hung up, and stretched, then snuggled with my 
big Teddy Bear, as I slipped off into dreamland, as 
contented as I could remember in a while.

