Dad's Randy 3 (incest, m/b)

Chapter 8


As Ricky led me in to my room, I felt the ghost of Rick's cock still in my ass.  He had stretched me so much that I felt like I was walking bowlegged. I had wished he had cum so that I could feel his juices drip out of me.  God, what cock, I thought to myself.  He had tamed me and I wanted more of him.  I realized that all my fantasies, were not really about my dad but rather about cocks. I had been fucked twice in the last day and had come to love having my ass drilled.  

"He got to you didn't he?" Ricky asked, as we got to my room. "Man, he really filled me up, I can still feel him in me."  I replied, what sets this "prepared" shit?"

"Dad likes all his boys shaved" he responded as he pulled a sheet out of his overnight bag and spread it on the floor. "Completely?" I asked. "No, just your crotch and asshole" was the response. "Take off your pants and stretch out" he said, nodding towards the sheet. I took off my pants and stretched out as he had asked, using my hands to cover my crotch. Meanwhile Ricky had dug into his overnight bag again and had pulled out a scissor, razor and shaving cream. Turning back to me, he laughed. It was the first time he showed any emotion. His smiled lit up his face and his features softened to the point, where it looked like girl's face not a boys.

"I'm not going to cut your balls off, relax and spread your legs," his grin making him even more feminine, "I've done this to all the boys who have joined the club."

Oh, yea, the club, I thought. When I asked him to tell me about the club, the smile vanished and the emotionless face returned. Lets get started and Ill tell you the story
With that he had me pull my legs up to my chest exposing my hole. I felt very exposed but it didnt seem to faze Ricky.  Using the scissors, he trimmed all the hair as short as possible around my hole. Then he spread the shaving cream all over the area and began shaving me.  I dont know why but I was rock hard. As he shaved around my hole he began the story of the club.

About a year ago, he and his dad were playing pool in their basement and they had an argument, about what he couldnt remember. The argument died down and they continued to shoot pool. On a particular long shot, he had to spread his legs and reach as far as he could. He was about to make his shot when I felt his fathers hand on his back forcing him flat on the table. He tried to put up a struggle but his father was too strong so he went limp. He had no idea what was going to happen until he felt his father undo his pants and pull them to his ankles. He knew that his father was gay but never really thought about it. He felt something poking at his asshole and then something enter him.  At first he thought his dad had shoved the fat end of cue stick up his ass but instantly realized that his father was raping him. He felt like he was being ripped in two, the pain was so intense. To make matters worse, his hip bones were banging against the table each time his father thrust into him. He heard his father say that he was going to teach him a lesson that he would never forget. Ricky went on to say that even though he was physically being raped he wouldn't allow the rape of his mind. At what seemed like a long time, the pain was subsiding and a feeling of pleasure had replaced it. In his mind, he fought hard against the building pleasure. He didn't know how long he held out but he fight anymore and gave into the pleasure (His father told him later that it too almost an hour). He started panting and pushing his hips back into his dad's thrusts. Thru the haze, he heard his father laugh and say, "You're mine now, bitch." His only response was to moan. His dad continued to fuck him and rode him hard until he rammed his cock as deep as it would go, depositing his seed deep into his son. As he continued to fuck in and out, he told Ricky that now that he submitted to  him and his juices, that he, Rick, owned him and that Ricky's life was his to control. Ricky would obey him without question. Ricky just nodded but that wasnt enough. "Say it" his dad commanded as he fucked Ricky harder. "Yes sir" was Ricky's weak response. Ricky went on to say that some time during the raping, his will snapped and he would do whatever his dad wanted. To prove the point, his dad pulled out of him and commanded his son to clean him. Ricky slid to the floor and took his dad in his mouth. He used his tongue to clean what he considered to be his master. Ricky had decided that he would submit to the cock but not the man. 

His father sensing his son's submission, pushed him off his cock. As he went up the stairs, Ricky heard his say "good dog" leaving him to ponder his fate.  Later, after he went to bed, he heard his father enter the room pull the covers down and say Raise your legs Ricky blindly pulled his legs to his chest and his father mounted him. Ricky let his father fuck him but he felt nothing. When his father finished and dismounted, he just turned over and went to sleep. 

By this time, Ricky had finished shaving my asshole and was rubbing the area with cologne.  He told me to put my legs down and he moved to my balls. I realized that he had not nicked me even once. Cupping my balls, he trimmed me and continued his story.

Over the next few weeks, his dad would often fuck him or force his cock down Ricky's throat. Ricky would pretend that he was enjoying it but he just went thru the motions. His mind would be a million miles away. About this time Rick ordered him to let his hair grow and gave his female hormone pills. He could see his facial features were becoming more female, his waist was slimming and his breasts were growing and his cock was shrinking. He also said that his father had begun leaving lingerie that he was expected to wear to bed. Make-up with for his face instructions appeared on his desk. It took him awhile to learn how to do his face. Each night he would let down his hair, don the clothes and do his face.. The first night that his father was satisfied with the makeup, as his father fucked him, he called him his bitch and his cunt over and over again 

He pause both the shaving and the story and we took a break. I needed to piss anway. As I peed, I felt my balls and around my asshole. There was stubble still on my balls but my asshole and the area surrounding it was as smooth as glass.

Returning to my room and lying down again, I commented about the stubble. Ricky just said that I would have to tweeze it as balls were difficult to shave. The only hair left on my crotch was just above my cock, which had gone limp. Taking up the scissors again Ricky started trimming the remaining patch. He hadnt gotten how the club came into being yet so I asked about it. 

As he trimmed, he continued his story. Because his dad worked in a health club, he sought out gay divorced men who had sons his age. He would then carefully feel them out about any desires to fuck their sons. Ones that responded positively, he befriended them, the others he blew off. He would learn all about their fantasies of incest and then he would invite the man over for dinner.  He would have me dress to match each mans fantasy and spark their hidden desires. After dinner, we would play pool. Rick would make innuendos about I looked like their sons and how the man might be able to fuck me if he played his cards right. He would have me prance around and be as enticing as possible. Then he would work the man in to a frenzy so that I thought they were going to rape me on the spot. When the time was right, Rick would offer to let them fuck me but first they had to let him fuck them. All immediately agreed thinking that they would then get their turn with me. Within minutes, dad would have is cock up the mans ass. He would fuck them into submission so that by the time the fuck was finished he had enslaved them to him like he had done to me. The next step was for the man to seduce and conquer their sons. Dad would reinforce this idea and even plan it for the man. So far, non of the men had failed to fuck their sons. When the deed was done, the testwas set up. 

At this point he paused and said that he was amazed that I had made his dad cum. His father was able to control when he orgasm and I was the first to make him shoot his load. All the other boys had needed at least two tests and then passed only when his dad decided to "let the boy win". He, Ricky, had tried to let the other boy's win but no matter what the other dad's never outlasted his dad He said all this with amazement in his voice. I just replied that I got lucky.

He had finished trimming and moved to shaving the stubble. I guess out of fear, my cock stayed limp He went on to describe that with the addition of my dad and I, there were six sets of fathers and sons in the club and that it met once a month. The agenda was always decided by his dad the night of the meeting and ended with an orgy.  So far, none of the boys had fucked their dads. He went on to say, that the club had met just the past weekend, and I would have to wait three weeks to meet everyone.

By now he had finished shaving me and again rubbed cologne over the area. When he finished, he did something that surprised me and made me hard. He kissed me, slipping his tongue into my mouth. Before I could respond, he broke away. Before I could ask the question he said because I like you I just smiled. 

Then we heard my dad's voice say dinner was ready. I got up and put my pants on as Ricky cleaned up. Going down the stairs, Ricky confided in me that he would not be surprised if his dad had a surprise for me after dinner. My cock jumped. I got excited at the thought of Ricks cock filling me again. 

Chapter 9

Dinner was on the table and we all sat down. Ricky had slipped once more into the introverted person I had originally met. I felt sorry for him. I liked him and wanted to be his friend. The talk was light with my dad and Rick doing most of the talking. All I could think of was Ricks cock, how thick it was, how it felt in my mouth and my ass. We finished dinner and Rick told us that since the dads had made dinner, the boys would clean up. Calling my father by name, they went into the living room. As we cleaned up,Ricky and I talked about school and found that we had a lot in common. He seemed to loosen up while we worked but retreated back into his shell when we were ready to join our dads.

My dick was hard all thru dinner and got even harder as I imaged what was going to happen in the living room. But what I saw made my cock wilt. My dad was kneeling with Rick's cock halfway down his throat. I was shocked. Even though Ricky had told me the story of the club, it hadnt dawned on me until then that my dad was one of those men, Rick had conquered. Behind me, Ricky, whispered "Surprise" with all the sarcasm he could muster. I was momentarily devastated. My father had made me submit to him. I had even drunk his piss but here he was sucking on the man who had tamed him. At that moment, I knew our relationship had changed forever. My dad would no longer force me to do anything. If he wanted to fuck me, it would be my choice, not his.

Returning my attention back to the scene in front of me, Rick motioned us to chairs.  It dawned on me that this whole scene was for my benefit, that Rick was in control and that my dad was just like me,  Both of us would submit to Rick's demands. Rick was berating my father saying that his son was a better cocksucker that he was, that I could take all of him down my throat and my dad couldn't.  Wanting to prove his point further, he had my dad move to his hand and knees. He drove his cock into my dad forcing a grunt from my father. Within minutes, my dad was crying fuck me, fuck me Rick only laughed and looked at me, a shit eating grin on his face. As for me, I was hot. I was turned on watching Rick fuck my father and my father asking for it. My previously limp cock had risen, making a tent in my pants. I say that Ricky had noticed and a pout came to his face. My heart went out to him but there was nothing I could do about it now.

Rick was telling my dad that he was going to cum and fill his belly with his load. His hip jerked a few times and his head fell back which signaled his release. My father was moaning "Give it to me, fill me up, coat my gut," my dad arched his back and shooting his load. Rick pulled out of my dad and turned to me, "Clean his ass, boy". My father had fallen back to his hands and scurried over to him. Rick's juices were oozing out of his hole. I lapped at this and decided to let my father know that things had changed.Stiffening my tongue, I jabbed it into his hole. He wasn't expecting this and he grunted. I tongue fucked him like he had finger fucked me. Each time my tongue entered, a moan escaped my dad's lips. 

From behind me I heard, "Enough, he's enjoying it too much." With one more stab, I pulled away from him. I turned to Rick and Ricky, licking my lips. Rick was grinning again while Ricky just looked into his lap.

Looking at the clock, Rick announced that it was time for bed. The boys would sleep together and the men would sleep together. Ricky's face brightened. He probably thought he would be sleeping with his dad. Ricky and I said goodnight and headed back to my room.

Chapter 10

Ricky picked up his overnight bag and said he would be right back. I was nervous. I had never slept with anyone before and wondered if he expected me to fuck him or him fuck me or none of the above. I usually slept naked but tonight I put on a pair of shorts and got into bed. Minutes passed, then more minutes passed. I had drifted off to sleep when he finally returned. I awoke to a bag dropping when the figure turned around I asked who are you? The person just giggled. Standing at the edge of the bed, was what appeared to be a teenage girl.  Her hair was long and fell over her naked shoulders. Her eye makeup accentuated her blue eyes and her lips were a bright red. Her cheeks were rose colored which I attributed to make up. She was wearing a white babydoll top that accentuated her small breasts. Her stomach was flat and her navel was pierced a simple stud. She wore white thigh high stockings which showed off her slim legs. The outfit was completed with thong panties that clearly outlined her cock and ballscock and balls!  It was Ricky and he was beautiful! My cock rose like a geyser, putting a tent in the sheet. Seeing the tent, he smiled and what a beautiful smile it was. Habits are hard to break. He said, followed by "I'm glad you like what you see." Then, he climbed into bed. Turning on his side, facing me, he asked if I was ok. I was frozen. I didn't know what to do. I had expected him to look like the Ricky I meet this afternoon. But the person beside me was another person altogether. "I don't know" I croaked. "I understand," he said in a not male, not female voice.  He move closer to me, turning my head towards him and smiled again before giving me a quick kiss. "I think I'm in love with you" he whispered, "the moment you made my dad cum, I fell in love with you. And as I shaved you, I shared with you more than I told all the other boys put together. As for my sleepwear, habits die hard but I wanted to look pretty for you. I want you to make love to me. I been fucked but never made love to. Will you, can you do that for me?" The last sentence was said more of a plea rather than a question. 

My mind was a whirl. It seem to me that, because I had rammed my finger up his dad's ass making him lose control and cum in my mouth, I was a "better man" than his father. The last two days was the whole of my sexual experience, all of it being the fuckee never the fucker. I felt like a virgin on his first date. I didnt know how to fuck someone let alone make love. It was about time I learn, I decided.

Turning on my side to face him, I pulled his face toward me and kissed him, forcing my tongue into his mouth. He responded by trying to suck my tongue out of my head. He wrapped one arm around me and moved his body tight against me. I could feel his "breasts" against my chest, his cock and balls against mine. He was hard. I wondered if it still functioned with all the female hormones racing around his body. As we continued to kiss, he snaked his hand between us and into my shorts until he found my hardness. He stroked me tenderly which made me moan into his mouth. Finally, breaking the kiss, he slid down to my crotch. I helped him slide my short off, freeing my rock hard cock. Without missing a beat, he had me in my mouth. He didn't move for some time, just held me in his mouth. It seemed like he was savoring the taste of me. Then he started sucking me slowly and tenderly as if my cock was the most fragile thing in the world. Up to now, all my sexual experience had been about control but this was about love. I want to reciprocate. Pulling him off me, I told him I wanted to suck him too. I could see in his face that this was a new concept. That someone wanted to please him.

"Turn around" I ordered He scramble around so that his head was at my cock level and I faced his panty covered crotch. "These have got to go" I said and I stripped them off him, flinging them across the room. He had a small penis which was slightly erect. I took him in my mouth started to suck him using the same techniques that I had used on the dads.  It took a few minutes but he harden in my mouth. I easily swallowed all of him. He barely entered my throat. As for him, he was devouring me, trying to take more than what I had into his mouth. As I sucked him, he moaned around my cock. This went on for some time until he forced my head off him. Twisting around so that he was at the head of the bed, he spread his leg and just said, Now!  Moving between his legs, I lifted his stocking covered legs into the crook of my arms and entered him. I slid easily into his ass as far as I could go. His only response was to whimper. I started moving in and out of him slowly, taking my time, not like the fucking I received last night and today. His hips rose and fell in time with me. His cock had not lost its hardness, if anything it seemed harder. His eyes were shut tight, concentrating on my cock making love to his hole. His expression was one of pure bliss.  I got the impression that he had never experienced anything like this before.

As for myself, the familiar pressure had returned filling my brain. My hips moved faster keeping time to the building pressure. Ricky felt the change and his hand went to his own cock. His self-stroking duplicated the movements of my hips. As the pressure mounted, my hips moved faster forcing my cock deeper into him. I let go of his legs, and they immediately wrapped themselves around my waist. I fell forward landing on my palms. Leaning down, I forced my tongue into his mouth and tried to stick it down his throat. He wrapped his arms around me hugging me to him. I felt like the top of my head was going to blow off and it did, My eyes glazed over and I saw sparks. And with the sparks I emptied myself into him. I never had such a powerful orgasm in my life. It was better than all my beat off sessions added together. My hips bucked, my head came up and my ass cheeks tighten spurting more and more boy goo into him. Looking down at him, I saw that he had let loose his load. It spewed all over his silk covered belly and chest and the look on his face was one of pure ecstasy. I continued moving in and out of him until I fell out. His legs and arms fell away and I rolled off him. We just lay there for a few minutes and then he moved to my cock and cleaned me like a cat cleans its fur. When he was done, he crawled up and put his head on my chest. I wrapped my arm around him and we fell asleep.

Chapter 11

The next morning I awoke to a mouth on my cock. Ricky was gently and loving sucking me. I noticed that his hair was pulled back and tied in a ponytail, the makeup was gone and he was dressed in jeans and a shirt. When he noticed that I was awake, he took his mouth off me and smiled "Good morning sleepyhead."  I responded by pulling him into my arms and kissing him deeply. When we broke the kiss, my mouth went to his earlobe and nipped it. "I think I love you too" I whispered, licking the inside of his ear. He just grabbed me tighter and held on. Then we heard someone calling us to Sunday breakfast. We held hands as we went towards the kitchen but I could feel him going away from me as we got closer. By the time, we sat down, he was back to the boy I met yesterday, deferential to all; his eyes, looking at nothing in particular. 

Breakfast was a silent affair and when we were done and had cleaned up, Rick told us to drop our pants and bend over the table. Ricky and I looked at each other, knowing what was to come. We bent over the table so that we could look at each other. We grabbed each others hands. Without any warning, Rick rammed into me, filling me with his thick cock At the same time, my dad had forced his cock into Ricky and was fucking him with all his might. Ricky had his eyes closed but he tightened his grip on my hands. Rick continued to ram me but I felt differently than when he fucked me yesterday. I didn't feel helpless and out of control. Rather the opposite, I would let him fuck my ass and maybe enjoy the fuck but I would no longer submit. I would only pretend that I did. A plan had formulated in my mind to get even with this son of a bitch; for Ricky, for all the others that he abused. 

Rick was ranting while he fucked me, telling us boys, that he and my father had heard us fucking last night and this mornings fuck was to show who was in charge. He was really getting off on being in control. I moaned and whimpered when appropriate. That's not to say that I didnt like his cock filling me, I did. It felt great but I was not going to be his fuck toy.  He was ramming me with all his might Sometimes I moaned because it felt so good, sometime just for effect. All in all I couldn't wait to get this over with. It was then that I understood Rickys behavior. I had come to the same conclusion. They can fuck me and I could enjoy it but theyll never own me. I looked at Ricky and he looked at me. Our eyes locked and he knew, I knew and squeezed my hands harder. In response, I squeezed back. Both dad's were really fucking us now. My dad was like a pile driver fucking Ricky, his hips a blur. He thrust one more time, and I could tell that he was cumming, shooting is semen into my love's bowel. I was angry but I was helpless, Rich was pounding away at my ass. The pleasure level in me was rising but then I felt him tense and he emptied his load into me. He pounded me for a little bit longer and pulled out of me. He ordered us to our knees and clean the respective cocks that had just fucked us, using our mouths. I took him all the way down my throat and wrapped my lips around his thick pole. I savored the feeling. Pulling back my head, the remnants of the fucking tuck to my lips. I did this a few times and then he pushed me away. Ricky had finished cleaning my dad's cock and sat there on his knees, looking down. 

Rick ordered Ricky to get his bag as they were leaving. I followed him after him saying I would help. As we walked up the stairs, I could feel the cum drip out of my ass. I just squeezed my cheeks trying to keep it in me. When we got to my room, we fell into each other's arms and kissed passionately. When we broke away, he said he loved me. Without hesitation, I told him the same and we kissed again. 

Pulling away, I told him that I had a plan to get even with Rick and all the other dads and we would talk about it at school. I walked him to the front door and put out my hand. He was momentarily stunned then understood. He shook my hand and he left with his dad. 

I closed the door and headed to the living room where my dad waited.

He commanded me to kneel, expecting me to give him a blow job but I told him to fuck off. I continued on, that if he touched me again without my permission, I was going to the police and charge him with rape. I would have a doctor examine my asshole and there would be no doubt about my story. My dad just slumped into a chair, his head buried in his hands.

I continued on that, if we did fuck in the future, and we would I assured him it would be by mutual consent. To ease the hurt, I raised his head and looked him in the eye and said I love you dad and then I kissed him.

It felt good to be in control. One down and one to go!


(This ends installment 3. Stay tuned for future installments where Randy and Ricky plot their revenge on Rich and the other dads- hope you are not disappointed in the plot twist. if you are, make it known to me thanks As always comments suggestions welcome)

tylerthane@yahoo.com








