Rene hated that she was a woman trapped in a man's body but what she hated even more was that she was a homely woman in a man's body. Nothing thrilled her more than to play dress up, to release her hidden female side. Her frilly female under-things all bought on line made her wet on the inside and hard on the outside. Rene knew that she was far too wide to dress in sexy little revealing dresses, so she always ended up in matronly dresses and frocks. She at least had learned to apply her make-up better, learning long ago that less was more and she now had the look of a lady instead of a tramp.

Yet no matter what she did the image in her mirror would not lie, she was an ugly woman and thus she never went out unless hidden in her male disguise. It was true that she had the body of a man, which included that junk that hung between her legs and all of the disgusting body hair that went along with it. However, on the inside, in her soul she knew she was female and no matter what kind of freaky body parts god hung on her body, she was a woman.

Rene's way of coping with her androgynous body was with an androgynous life style. Her hair, she kept shoulder length and felt it could pass for either gender. Her choice for work clothes was what many would call unisex; at least that is what she hoped. Today she was wearing a white pullover camisole that could easily pass for a boy's tee shirt. Over that, she wore a blouse that one could think was a man's shirt if one didn't notice that it buttoned on the left side. Gene had just discovered Spanks, a brand of panty that held your tummy in, making you look slimmer. For slacks, she chose the pair that she purchased at the Dress Barn and even if they did zip up on the side, her blouse hung down low enough to cover it up. With her mannish flats, she wore navy blue knee-highs. 

The first thing she found out when she got to work was that it was Blood Bank day and she had already volunteered to donate. She worried about how her outfit would look as she lay down so she waited until almost everyone had already donated. When she went in, there was no one left except the cute Philippine nurse. The nurse commented on her cute outfit and Rene wondered what she meant by it. When Rene was done, she stood to go but found that she felt faint and the room began to spin. She wasn't sure if it was from no breakfast or the tight fitting spanks she was wearing but she knew if she didn't lie back down she would faint.

The nurse rushed to her side to take her pulse,

"Oh you poor girl, are you all right?"

Did she just call her a girl or was she hallucinating? The nurse got a cold compress and held it to her forehead and the look of concern on her face made her feel all warm inside. Rene noticed her name tag said Rosie and she remembered thinking that it was such a pretty name as her eyes rolled up into her head. When she came to her head was nestled in Rosie's breasts.

"Oh you poor dear you should be careful, what if you fell to the floor when you fainted?"

Rene thanked her and said she was now all right but then Rosie said,

"Us girls need to stick together."

"Just what do you mean us girls? You do know that I am a man."

"If you say so sweetie but I know better and I think you do too. Can you keep a secret?"

Without waiting, she released Rene's head and stood up. She looked behind herself making sure they were alone, and then she picked up her uniform dress and pulled her dainty little panties to the side to show her that she too had men's plumbing. She dropped her dress as soon as Rene saw and she wondered if maybe she'd just hallucinated again. Rosie must have read her mind for she shook her head no and said,

"Oh no you didn't."

She stared at her in disbelief; Rene knew that she even had breasts, real ones, because she'd just had her head against them.

"Honey I tell you what, you come with me after work and I'll show you things you only dreamed of."

Rosie waited for her in the lobby and when she got off, they drove to her place on the south side of town. The neighborhood was run down and seedy but she assured Rene that they'd be safe. Her apartment was small but neat and clean, as she poured them each a glass of wine Rene looked at a poster on the wall that said Gurl Power. After a moment, she finally realized that Rosie was one of the two girls posing for the picture. When she came back into the living room and saw her looking, she said she got it taken in the Caribbean when she was on vacation.

"Rosie you're so beautiful it's easy for you to pass but I am the ugliest woman alive so I remain trapped in this man's body."

"Nonsense honey, you just have to learn how to take care of yourself."

"If only it were that simple, Rosie, ah, would you show me your body. I want to know what you look like naked. Gee I'm sorry; I don't mean to be so pushy." 

"That's OK sweetie I proud of what I am."

She began a slow strip tease for her and Rene could feel herself becoming aroused. Her breasts though small were perfect in every way and she just wanted to kiss them. Her slim body was ideal for a young woman and yet there it was, a cock jutting out front of her. She walked up close to Rene and asked her if she liked what she saw and without thinking, Rene leaned forward and kissed her. She gently pushed her down to the floor and then instructed her to, "Kiss mamma's clit."

Her 'Clit' as she called it was much bigger than Rene's dick but on her it seemed so right and she put her in her mouth. Rosie held her by her hair as she pushed herself down her throat.

"You just remember that you are a gurl and gurl's need to suck cock."

Rene thought, 'She's right, women suck cock all the time why shouldn't I.' When she came Rene was surprised but composed herself enough that she swallowed her whole load. Rene could feel her sex throbbing under her slacks and was glad when Rosie ordered her to undress. Compared to her slender female body Rene felt like a fat oaf but Rosie didn't seem to mind as she stroked her while they kissed. She instructed Rene to lie on her bed then she asked her if she would like to fuck her pussy. This at first confused her and then she understood that she meant take her anally. Rene watched while she put a lubricated condom on her and then as she sat astride she held her and guided it inside her rectum. It was so snug inside her and as she rode, Rene lay there stroking Rosie's cock. This really was the best of both worlds and she wanted to try Rosie's cock inside of her.

Once she came and after they cleaned up, they lie down together and cuddled aprs sex as if they were lovers. Rene again told her how jealous she was of her looks and her body. Rosie told her she could look like her but that it would take work. Rene said she would do anything to be able to announce to the world that she really was a girl. Rosie said that if she was willing she would take her on as a project and they began the next day. She took Rene to her doctor who began giving her regular injections of hormone therapy. Over time, she began to lose her manly looks and bulk, while she became softer in those places that make a woman look like a woman. She even began growing breasts and was so proud when Rosie took her shopping for her first bra.

As soon as she could no longer hide her woman-hood, Rene changed jobs and began her new career as a woman. Rosie had taught her to be proud of her sexual organs and showed her some of the places a gurl could go to meet men who appreciated women who had a little extra. She no longer had to lead a life of despair and confusion; she now knew who she was. Everything that she had she owed to Rosie, even Sheldon. As Rosie has said many times, she is not a one-man gurl and when she tired of Sheldon, she introduced him to Rene. Although she'll never be anything like Rosie, Sheldon saw something in Rene and the two have been going steady for a while now.

Rene still can't believe how much her life has changed since that fateful day when she gave blood. Where she once was a woman trapped inside a man's body she now felt as if she was a woman who just happened to have some manliness in her. It seems her Sheldon likes her that way and you know what, so did Rene.
