The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations where it is
legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or
any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder,
except may be posted as part of a review or posted to free-access, noncommercial archive sites. 

My works can be found at ftp://ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/E.Z.Riter or at www.storiesonline.net 

Copyright November 2000 by E. Z. Riter. 

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com      

Please!        Give me your comments!

Dear Reader, CAUTION.  Remember this is a wild MC tale with many story codes starting with
incest.  My thanks to Morgan for editing and assistance.  E.Z.


GRANDPA AND ME

Chapter 3 

Mom was naked on the bed.  Her eyes were closed.  Her legs were up with her feet planted firmly
on the mattress.  Sweat sheened her skin, which had a faint red glow.  Her left hand held open the
lips of her pussy and her right middle finger was sloshing in and out. She was moaning softly and
her muscles were tightened and relaxed rhythmically. 

Grandpa stopped in the doorway to stare at her.

"Isn't she magnificent, Rick?  God, what a woman.  I've always thought she'd be a hot,
squirming creature if the sexual repression she'd learned could be eliminated.  It has been now."

"You don't what it's been like living with her," I whispered.  "She's been so negative about sex
and everything else, but she'd prance around the house half naked and send me sexual signs, only
to freeze when I noticed."

"When Charlie said they had a lot of sex, I thought he meant once or twice a week, not once a
day.  Hell, that's not half bad."  Grandpa laughed.  "He said that she'd willingly have straight sex
in the dark and in their bed anytime, but nothing else.  And he was never sure if she orgasmed . . . 
like he couldn't warm her up.  That's the reason he played around and the reason he left her,"
Grandpa said. 

"She's more than warm now.  She's burning up," I replied. 

"You stay here and watch until it's your turn," Grandpa said.  

Grandpa stripped off his clothes.  Okay, I'll admit it. I took a long, hard look at his cock.  Guys
do that, you know, whether they admit it or not.  I'd seen more than a few in the locker room. 
Grandpa's cock looked like a telephone pole sticking out of a briar patch, if you know what I
mean. 

Grandpa slipped in to stand by Mom.  He dragged one finger across her erect, dusky pink nipple. 
She shivered all over and her eyes popped open.  She giggled and wrapped her fingers around his
cock which dangled in her face.  

"Oh, Karl, is this for me?" she asked coquettishly.

"All for you, sweet pussy.  Why don't you see how good it tastes?"       

I was so hard tears rolled down my face as she growled deep in her throat before she sucked his
cock between her lips.  I had to bite my lip to keep from screaming.  I've heard of guys cuming
from watching other people and I wondered if that was going to happen to me. 

"Are you on birth control?" he asked.

"I use a diaphragm and I have it in," she answered.  "I'm ready for you."

'I get to fuck her. Oh, thank you, God, thank you,' I thought.  When Grandpa slipped two fingers
up her, removed her diaphragm, and tossed it aside, I though I'd cry.   

"I'll get pregnant," Mom whispered. 

"Yes, you will, sweet pussy.  I want to see you waddling around with my baby inside you." 

Mom giggled and she stroked his cock.

"You just want to see my boobs bloated with milk, you dirty old man.  I saw the way you looked
at me when I was nursing Rick." 

"Why did you stop nursing so soon?" he asked.

"My breasts hurt.  They ached from all that milk.  That's why I had the doctor give me a shot
right after Rick was born to make it dry up."

"Don't worry, sweet pussy, I know what to do with all that milk," he said gently.

"I'll bet you do," she said.  "Come make me pregnant, Karl."

She pulled her legs up and wide with her arms inside them to welcome Grandpa between them. 
For the spilt second before he blocked my view, I could see a pinkish red, engorged pussy
glistening with wetness.

But what I wanted to see was her face.  I wanted to see the ecstasy there.  What I got to see was
Grandpa's hairy ass.    

"I want your cock, Karl," she whimpered as she grabbed it to pull him into her.

When he jammed it into the hilt, she orgasmed. 

'Come on, Grandpa, shoot in her so I can have my turn,' I thought as he pounded Mom's pussy. 
'Now, Grandpa.  Then let me have her.'  But he didn't.   

Grandpa lasted a long time before he pinned her knees beside her ears with his hands around her
ankles.  He drove his cock deep into her and growled as his ass tightened.  I'd lost track of the
number of times Mom had cum.  

My cock throbbed as he collapsed on her.  Damn, I wanted her, but I waited.  When Grandpa
rolled to the side, he grinned and motioned me toward them.  I stumbled forward like
Frankenstein and began stripping off my clothes.  Grandpa took Mom's chin in his hand and
pulled her head toward him.

"Listen to me, Vicki," he said quietly but firmly.  "I want you to suck my friend."

"Of course, Karl.  You know I'm obedient and I want to please you, but I'm so tired right now,"
she murmured. 

"You can do it.  I want you to suck Rick."

"Rick?" she gasped.  "My son, Rick?"

"Yes, that Rick."

"That's incest.  Dirty, vile incest," she giggled. 

"Do you like that?"

"It's so perverted and wicked."  She was wiggling all over thinking about it. 

"And you'll love it, won't you?"

"I will, but, Karl, aren't you going to let him fuck me?" she said petulantly.  Her lower lip stuck
out in a mock pout.

"Not without birth control.  You're my little baby factory, not his."

"Oh, all right, but can I fuck him later if I promise I'll wear my diaphragm?"

"Of course, sweet pussy, but only when I give you permission.  Right now, I want you to suck his
cock."     

Her face showed up at me, glowing in ready sexuality.  Her hair was damp, her skin cooling as
her sweat dried.  She slipped off the bed, wrapped her arms around me and pressed her body hard
into mine.  My cock slipped between her thighs and she trapped it there.  

When she gazed up at me, a wild, sensual twinkle radiated from her eyes.  Her pussy hairs tickled
my crotch and Grandpa's cum oozed out of her on me.  I squeezed her ass cheeks with both
hands and held her against me. 

"Momma's been teasing you, Ricky, trying to get you to take me because I've wanted your cock
in me.  I've been a bad girl, haven't I?" 

"You have been a bad girl, Mom, but you're going to be a good girl for me now." 

"I like being a bad girl.  I like teasing you, honey.  I like seeing your hard cock trying to burst out
of your pants and the little vein in your forehead throb."  She dragged her nails down my ass
cheeks.  "Karl said he's going to let you fuck me.  I can hardly wait."

She kissed me with her tongue down my throat.

"Are you really fucking all those girls?" she asked.

"Sure, Mom, but none of them are as good looking or sexy as you."

She grinned lewdly.  "And none of them are as good in bed as I'll be, Ricky, but, right now, I
want to suck you," she whispered.

She slipped to her knees on the floor.  I loved looking down into her smiling, sexy face, and
seeing the desire in her eyes. 

"What a big cock you have, Ricky.  So big and hard and purple.  Does it want me?"

Her fingers were wrapped around the shaft and she licked the underside of the head.  I grabbed
her head and thrust my hips, but she let my cock slip over her closed lips.

"What's your hurry?" she asked as her eyes twinkled up at me.      

"Rick, put your hands down and let her do all the work," Grandpa said. 

"Grandpa," I whined in protest.  

He grinned at me and leaned back on the bed.  "It'll be sweet torture," he said with a laugh.
"Didn't I program you to be in control?"

"Yes," I replied.

"Then do it." 

I took a deep breath and let it out as Mom cupped my balls in one hand.  She pulled on the sack. 

"Look, Ricky.  I'm a little squirrel and I love nuts," Mom twittered.  She licked my ball sac and
nibbled at the edge.  Then she sucked it into her mouth.        

I let Mom work her magic until my breath came in short gasps, sweat covered me and every
muscle ached from the tension.  I couldn't stand it anymore.  I wanted to cum in Mom's mouth.

"I want to cum now, Mom," I said.  My voice sounded strangled.

"Oh, good, Ricky.  Give me your sweet juice," she replied. 

Time seemed to be in slow motion.  I could feel each bit of cum racing through my cock and the
squeezing of my muscles driving it onward.  I saw each nuance of expression on Mom's face as
she felt me fill her up and the tears slowly slip from her eye as she choked on the first shot.  

A drop of cum oozed out of her mouth and fell on her breast.  Her tongue snaked over her lips as
I sagged from my orgasm.

"It tastes better than chocolate," Mom whispered throatily.    

Grandpa helped her to her feet and pushed her back on the bed.  Mom retrieved my cum from her
breast and licked it from her finger. 

 "Sleep now, Vicki.  Sleep and rest.  Dream of me fucking you.  You know you're my woman. 
Pleasing and obeying me makes you happy," Grandpa said.

He kissed her gently before leading me from the room.


To be continued

Please!  Give me your comments!

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

My works can be found at ftp://ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/E.Z.Riter or www.storiesonline.net

      
