The Stripper's Apprentice, ch 2
(M/F mFFFFFFF/group) 

by Chez Zaa (chez.zaa@hotmail.com)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


... From Chapter 1
When your 14, you dont care what you do for a living. A gamble on a too good to be true sounding advert in a local newspaper had me working for an escort and entertainment agency, partnering a muscle bound male stripper at girls party of a posh area of town.

The gorgeous women, of which there were eight in total, aged 18-35, pretty much ignored me at first, but before long Anton's, huge 12 inch cock was freed from his briefs and soon knickers were dropped and tits were exposed.

It wasnt long before the girl with the biggest knockers at the party was fucked senseless by Anton in front of her friends and I was soon spraying spunk like a mad man amidst the girls orgasmic delight. Unfortunately for me I hadn't removed my briefs in time so it was a quick trip to the toilet for me to deal with the sticky situation...


The Strippers Apprentice - Chapter 2

"Go on Mel, Go On Mel!!", squeaking sofa springs and heavy panting could heared behind me, as I quickly made my way down the hall to the bathroom. Not wanting to miss too much of the action, I decided that a quick removal of my boxers were in order. Afterall, if the next few hours went as I hoped they would, then I wouldn't be needing them anyway. 

By the time I got back, Anton and Melissa were already in the home straight. They'd come off the sofa and Anton was humping the girl doggie style in the centre of the room. Melissa, with her belt of a skirt, pulled up to her waist and Anton's immense fuck stick slamming away at full speed. The other girls were around them shouting encouragment and rubbing their clits frantically. 

"Oh my God, I'm gonna cum again!!" screamed the Melissa. Her friends cheered and whistled at her announcement. 

"Ok Melissa, here's your birthday present... aaaAAGGHH!!!" yelled the musclebound Anton, who with five sharp thrusts, flooded the girls bowels with his scalding semen.

The blood was rushing to my cock at a shuddering rate as I scanned the room again. Kelly's huge, bare knockers were on full show to all as she rested against the setee and rubbed herself as she hazilly watched Anton wipe his now free, spermy oversized penis on Melissa's ass. 

After some girly chatter and laughing, it appeared Natasha was next to get a good fucking from the stud stripper. She stepped out of her knickers and bent forward on her hands and knees as the girls urged Anton give it too her hard. 

I noticed Tori laying back on the sofa chair, legs over the arm rests and clapping her clit as she watched Anton slowly sink his pork sword into Natasha's hot snatch. She turned to see me and my throbbing cock pointing straight at her.

"I've always wondered what lads your age get up to! Fancy a bit of experienced pussy, eh?" said the horny and very drunk middle aged woman. 

Some of the girls gathered round to get a good look at the wailing Natasha taking her good 12 inches, while others manouvered me into position in front of their older friend Tori. 

You want some of this do ya?? You filthy Fucka! I'll give you some fucking pussy!!" she hissed, "I dont care how young you are! If its a hard fucking you want, a hard fucking is what you'll get!"

I returned fire, with a salvo of obscenities. I called her a filthy whore, a fucking slut and explained how I was going fuck her brains out. 

With her legs spread and cunt gaping, I wasted no time in sloting my cock into her wet pussy. This excited Dee no end as she yelled encouragement at us both. I was shocked and pleasantly surprised to have such a willing fuck underneath me. 

Tori's legs tightened around my waist as I pounded as hard and fast as I could. The force of my thrusts banged the chair against the window ledge behind us, knocking numerous items off it. I knew I wasnt going to last long. The idea of fucking a grown woman the same age as my mother had my balls filling with spunk in no time.

Yeah Tori. Take him to School! - Take him to School!!" screached Dee. As the hostess, Lucy and Melissa clearly enjoyed the novelty of a young horny schoolboy give in to his raging hormones and give their friend a good stuffing. 

I leaned forward and sucked hard Toris fake tits as I pumped her hard. She was certainly a rich-bitch with all the trimmings. 

Before I knew it, I felt my nuts begin to tighten as Tori began humping almost violently. I fucked back with everything I had and soon yelled out my orgasm to the room as everyone cheered. I must've have sprayed half a pint of sperm up her. I just kept squirting and squirting.

"Holy Shit! He's filling me up!!" screached Tori as her own orgasm hit her.

I gasped for breath and let the spunk squirt as the woman underneath me wailed out her orgasm. Seconds later I pulled out and rolled off the still panting woman.

Still half concious, I looked to my left and saw Anton turn Natasha onto her back, lift her legs onto his shoulders and plough back into her, proceeding to pump the huge titted Pakistani girl's pussy at an incredible pace. Her fat, juicy knockers violently bounced againsts her chest as Anton's hairy bollocks slapped against Natasha's plump ass. 

Seconds later, I heard Natasha squeal "Oh Fuck Donna, I'm gonna so Fucking Cum!!". 
"Go or it, babe! Go for it!!" yelled Donna. At this, Anton let out a throaty roar and sprayed load after load of boiling, thick sperm into the voluptuous dark girl as she screached out a deafening continuous scream, while shaking in spasmodic extasy against Anton's chest.

I made my way to the bar where I grabbed the bottle of Jack Daniels and took a few swigs. The music was still booming, with the disco lights sending bursts of light around the room. 

It wasn't long before the burbon and spinning lights had me feeling dizzy. I could make out activity on the other side of the room and on closer inspection caught sight of Lindas hands with red nail polish clutching Antons plunging ass. 

Anton had Lindas legs and go-go boots over his shoulders as Donna was squatted over her best friend, Linda's face. I could distinctly hear Linda's loud, muffled cries as she screamed into Donna's cunt, as Anton pounded deep into her with all his strength. 

Behind them, Dee had knelt down and was going to work on Linda's asshole with her tongue. Anton's blood engorged fuck stick, continued to stretch the young girls pussy just inches away from Dee's face.

Seeing a great opportunity to get my second fuck of the night, I approached the gorgeous hostess unsteadilly with cock in hand.

Sensing my intention, Donna yelled at me to fuck her mother hard. I aimed my cock head at Dee's wet snatch and pushed in, releasing a long sigh from the receiving womans lips. I pushed the woman's head hard into Linda's anal ring as I pumped the blonde thirtysomething with huge knockers with all I had.

I reached forward and grabbed a handful of Dee's large sillicon tits. I knew I wasn't going to last long in this babe of womans tight hot snatch. 

By the sound of things the duo infront of me were almost there. Donna screamed at Anton to spray his spunk into Linda as Anton began pumping with added ferocity. His hairy balls slapped hard on Dee's blonde head in front of me as she ordered me fill her up with my young fresh sperm.

In seconds Anton yelled out as Linda let out a strangled high pitch scream, her body undergoing a violent orgasmic spasm underneath him and Donna.

The view in front of her was obviously too much for Dee as her cunt tightened around my stiff cock. I couldn't hold back any longer and let myself go, blasting jet after jet of my hot load up the woman's twat.

The room again filled with orgasming wails and breathly gasps of "Oh Fuck!" and "Oh My God!" as the other girls got off on the yelling, shaking, sweat soaked five bodies in front of them. 

In seconds, Anton had pushed Linda off the sofa chair, pulled Donna down to take her place, threw her legs over his shoulders and slammed his huge veiny cock up the gorgeous 18 year old's twat. 

"Oh My God it's a Real Cunt Stretcher!!!" yelled Donna as her friends rubbed themselves at the sight. I realised this really was fucking to the max!

I watched in awe as Anton gave the mouthy blonde, the hard fucking she so deserved. 

The girls surrounded them screaming for the stripper to fuck the sexy girls brains out. Donna's blonde hair flailed wildly as she screamed at the top of her lungs underneath the grunting and hard rutting Anton. He was really giving it some as he slammed the horny teen into the sofa. 

Out of nowhere Melissa and Lucy appeared with a video camera, taping the action. I wasnt sure if this was a great idea, but Anton certainly didn't care much so I happily played along.

At the rate Anton thrusted into Donna, I knew they weren't going to last long. Dee climbed onto the couch next to Anton and her daughter and voiced her vulgar approval as she opened her legs to prepare for the immenaent mounting she was going to receive next. The hulking Anton didn't waste any time as he shot his thick sperm up Donna making her scream and spasm in extasy. 

"You come here and fuck my daughter, huh??" yelled a very flushed and horny Dee as Anton advanced, with his huge cock in hand. "How about bedding the mother too, huh? I'll give you some tight pussy you big dicked motherfucker!!" with this, in a display of surprising flexibility, she hooked her legs behind her head almost suicidalingly offering her cunt to Anton's huge 12 inch meat pole.

Anton mercillessly aimed his oversized shaft at Dee's slit and sunk it in. Dee's mouth dropped open as the strippers cock stretched her inner vaginal cavity like never before. 

Underestimating the size of the task ahead, Dee's legs relaxed, trying to resume their natural stature. However Anton was having nothing of it. He pushed the sexy hostesses legs back to behind her head and rested his weight behind his piercing shaft, penetrating it further into the bowls of Dee's hot twat. 

"You fucking whore, You're going to get what you deserve!" growled Anton, as his fuck stick hit rock bottom. By this time Dee was twitching and gasping for breath. Judging by Anton's length, his penis was probably half way from her cunt to  her mouth. With a slow lengthy pull out, Anton then proceeded to slam into a wide open Dee at an incredible rate. 

A crescendo of cheers went up around the room again from the onlookers who were completely oblivious to dangerous squeuering Dee was getting. A clearly uncomfortable Dee was emitting a bizarre hybrid of grunting and squealing as Anton pinned her legs back and fucked her vagina with hard, fast strokes.

The video camera zoomed in a as giggling Lucy and Melissa proceeded to ask chat show-like questions to their hostess, only to be provided with breathly babbling nonsense from the spread eagled, cock filled slut.

I sat down on the carpet and enjoyed the view of the semi-naked women in front of me. I grabed the Jack Daniels and took another mouthful, before noticing a snatch lowering to my head. Before I knew it, I heared a drunken Lucy demand I suck on her clit. I had little choice.

All of a sudden, I had a wet, musty smelling twat heavilly pressed against my mouth. I was hardly well versed in the art of eating cat, but I shoved my tongue up the hot slit, bringing about a bouncing motion from the girl on my head. 

Meanwhile, I heard a loud scream, which sounded like Dee, having her pipes cleaned out with Anton's hot sperm.

Lucy, continued to bounce away on my mouth as I felt a hand and then a mouth engulf my prick. My body stiffened as more than one girl licked up and down my shaft with their tongues as Lucy's crotch blanked my view.

Judging by the sounds of heavy rutting and panting, Anton had claimed his next victim. I was amazed by the strippers ability to fuck and fuck and fuck, with no obvious need for recuperation. 

Suddenly, one of the mouths on my cock began to suck up and down from tip to base as another took my nuts in her mouth. I was on on the verge of another orgasm as the possibility of who out of the gorgeous girls were servicing me raced through my mind. 

In seconds I filled one of the girls mouths with hot sticky jism, amidst a wail of cheers and laughter. Much of my abundant sperm squirted into the air and no doubt on to Lucy's back once the girl in question had to release it, clearly underestimating the shear volume of the spunk coming her way.

The screams coming above and behind me, from who I now recognised as Tori made my meatpole harden almost immediately. From the sounds of it, Anton was really giving it to her good.

I continued to suck on Lucy's twat as her bouncing intensified. Another mouth covered my cock and began to suck hard, getting my sperm circulating fast in my nuts again. 

While I was still reassuring myself that a young 14 school kid like me was getting cunt and head from babes of this quality, I listened as Anton blasted his nuts into Tori's quivering snatch. There then seemed confusion as to who was going to get the next portion of the strippers oversized fuck stick.

All of a sudden, I felt the mouth move off my cock.. only for it to be grabbed and held upright by another of the girls. I twitched as I felt what seemed like a vagina position itself over my cock head, then soon enough.. I heard the girl gasp and felt a wet, sloppy fanny slowly sink down on to my throbbing stiff prick. 

Lucy's cunt was still on my my mouth obscuring my view as I looked to see who the hot twat belonged to. I wasnt guessing for long. The girl took my wrists off Lucy's round ass and placed them on two unmistakable enormous fleshy mounds of tit. I knew exactly who it was and it was all I could do to stop myself from blasting up into Kelly right there! 

"Oh yeah Kell! Fuck Him! Fuck Him Hard!!" someone shouted, I moaned loud into Lucy's muff, "Yeah Kell, Give the filty little fucker what he wants!" yelled what sounded like a very horny Donna. 

As I enjoyed the fucking I received from Kelly, the spinning lights twirled and Man Parish's "Male Stripper" continued to boom again as the Lucy's thighs left my ears, to assume the position for Anton thick shaft on the couch behind me.

Anton had bent the busty, petite Lucy over on the couch behind my head and slammed in hard doggy style, right above my head.

On returning my gaze forward, where I got a great look at Kelly's huge gazongas as she rode me hard. 

"You like my massive melons, eh? - Are these big enough for ya??" she yelled with lust as the fucking on me and the couch behind me intensified. 

By this time everyone had gathered around and shouted for Kelly and Lucy to fuck their entertainers hard. I held the underside of the couch behind me as Kelly, fucked me hard. My nuts were seriously beginning to fill again. If it wasn't for me cumming so soon into Linda's mouth less than a minute earlier, I would've probably filled Kelly with a pint of semen by now.

I looked up to see Anton huge bollocks swinging at an incredible speed as he ploughed into a yelping Lucy's blonde snatch. I threw caution to the wind and released my grip on the couch and with it any kind of leverage from the hand pounding from Kelly to again have a good feel her humongous melons. They swung manically has I held on for dear life.

Encouraged by my enthusiasm, I felt Kelly move forward and pull my head towards her tits. For a moment I sucked hard on her massive left tit, before my head was soundly positioned betweened both her fat knockers. It was now I heared both Anton and Lucy yell out their orgasms, as the crowd of horny girls cheered their approval.

The yells were smothererd out by the tit flesh wrapped around my head, though I could hear Kelly protesting at something.

As I continued to fuck upwards, I felt the big titted blonde be pushed forward by someone benind her. 

A chant went up around the room "Up the Ass! Up the Ass! Up the Ass!"

I looked up to see the gasping girls eyes roll up into her head and mouth hang open as a glassy eyed looking Anton came into view behind her. I felt Kelly's cunt tighten immensely as Anton slowly forced his huge fuck stick up the huge titted girls shit chute.

The force of the stud behind pressed Kelly forward, now completely smothering my head between her tits and obscuring my view. 

I continued to thrust up the best I could into the big titted blonde as did Anton above us both. I could hear both Kelly and Anton grunting hard and shouts of encouragement from the other girls beyond the tit flesh around my head as Kelly held me between them.

The pumping then suddenly stopped, to what I immediately realised was for Anton infamous declaration of "turbo fuck". Quickly, I grabbed onto the nearest object for support against the inevitable thrusting that was going to commence.

Before I knew it, I felt Anton's humongous cock begin thrusting in and out of Kelly above me at an incredible speed making Kelly's jugs slap violently against my head. The momentum made my spunk boil and before I knew it I felt my orgasm approaching at a shuddering rate. 

As I felt my orgasm approach, my hot spunk burst its banks, I couldn't hold out one second longer. I yelled out into Kelly's massive tits, letting my balls blast their sperm, full force out of my scrotum sacks into the giant jugged blondes hot, tight vagina. 

I blacked out.. The last thing I heard was the faint sound of Anton and Kelly's spasmodic, climatic screaming in the distance...
 
... I must have been out for about 5 minutes. 

I came around. The music hand stopped and the lights were on.

Huge titted, Kelly, was having trouble walking and had to be assisted by Mellisa and Dee. She was a long way from the giggling minx of about an hour ago and looked to be in a lot of discomfort after having her anal passage significantly over-stretched by Anton's stiff 12 inch dong.

I looked across the room to see Anton jacking off his huge tool above Natasha's huge bronze melons. Donna fondled the strippers big salty balls as he pumped his huge 12 inch cock with blurring efficiency over her best friend. Natasha held her big melons out expectantly, urging Anton to glaze them with his baby batter.  

I got to my feet and joined my co-worker, as I pumped hard and aimed at Natasha's fat jugs. Antons cock must've been at least twice the size of my modest member. His fist pumped at blurring speed as Natasha and Donna stared at it hypnotically.

"Yeah, Yeah, Do it!" shouted Donna, as the sight of Natasha's big tits made my nuts fill with jism.

In seconds, Anton let out a loud grunt and jets of hot white spunk squirted out of his huge cock head and slapped on Natasha huge melons. My load wasn't far behind, though less controlled, I yelled out as my first blast hit her square on in the face making her squint and open her mouth.

On seeing the target Anton sprayed his frothy load in her mouth as I regained control of my spewing fuck stick and soaked her huge brown tits with jets and jets of come.

Between us we must have sprayed 20 jets of baby batter over Natasha's melons, which were now completely soaked with sperm. 
"Holy Shit!" shouted Donna as I proudly continued to shoot my slop over Natasha's jugs, even after Anton run dry.

I must've lasted for thirty seconds, before I dragged myself away from the girls. Anton had already returned to the dressing room to get his stuff together so I thought I best go and do the same.

With the lights on and the party over, the remaining girls Natasha, Linda, Lucy and Donna almost embarrassed looking, located their knickers and other items of clothing and silently left.

I was still in disbelief at what had happened, but the smell brought me round.

The room stank of spunk. It was all over the sofa chair, where most of the fucking took place and there were small streaks and pools of the stuff where Natasha got her good sperming. I felt sorry for the person who had to clean this up. 

Fortunately for me it wasn't in our contract...



.. Part Three of the Strippers Apprentice to follow, where my ability to spunk huge such amounts is put to good use and I get taken on full time at the escort and entertainments agency.
     
Assuming there is enough positive feedback of course! 




