Beyond the Blue, part 3		by lennoxbear@gmail.com

The following is an erotic story involving gay relationships and male to male sex.  If such offends you, leave.



Jim had been banished to the spare bedroom.  His wife didn't want to take any chances of catching his cold.  He lay in the bed in an old set of sweats and listened as she went through her morning routine to get ready for work.  She never once looked in on him.  The door closed and he heard the car pull out of the garage and the garage door slide back down into place.  He sat on the edge of the bed while the room spun.  His feet hit the cold floor and he shuffled back into their bedroom to find socks.  The bed was made and the room so neatly arranged one would never know a sick cop was at home.  He threw a dirty T-shirt on the bed to piss her off.  The lighted mirror in the bathroom reflected a beaten, tired unshaven face.  His eyes were red and bloodshot.  His nose was bright red from blowing it all night.  The thermometer hung at 101.  Fuck.

He knew he should eat but hadn't been able to keep anything down all night.  He settled for toast and orange juice and stood at the kitchen counter sucking down aspirin with the juice.  Maybe a hot shower would help.  Jim stood under the steamy spray and wished the cold would wash away.  He heard the radio announcer give the morning traffic report and listened to the list of accidents wondering how Al was doing.  He felt hurt that his partner hadn't called him but figured the good-looking muscle cop had probably been out with some chick he met and ended up fucking all night.  His dick got hard at the thought.  He contemplated shaving as he studied the only slightly improved reflection in the mirror again.  His hard cock rested on the side of the sink.  It felt good against the cold porcelain and stroked it a few times for good measure.  To avoid more argument later, he cleaned up what mess he made in the bathroom, threw a load of dirty gym stuff into the washing machine and finally went to look for clothes.  His dick stayed hard the whole time.

He found his oldest, most comfortable sweatshirt and pants, a heavy pair of wool socks and high tops.  The morning paper arrived so he sat wrapped in a blanket in front of the TV in the family room and browsed through the it.  The phone rang at 10:30 waking him up.

"Hey buddy, how ya feeling?"  Al's voice shook him awake.

"So-so."  He relayed his list of aches, pains and cold symptoms.

"You don't sound too good.  I was going to grab lunch and come over to visit you later but if you don't feel up to company, I'll understand."

"No, hell, I'd love some human company.  Linda has isolated herself since I came home sick.  Come on over at lunch."  He hung up the phone, stretched his legs under the blanket and got up to pee.  He stumbled a few times in the hallway from weakness and dizziness.  He checked at his frumpy appearance in the hall mirror.  The agony of defeat with a hardon.  His dick refused to relax.  Pissing with a hard, well, pissed him off.  It took a few minutes but he finally relieved himself and shuffled back to the sofa.  Leaning back, he pulled the sweat pants down and flopped his big, fat cock into the open air.  It was radiating heat.  Linda might just like having sex with the added heat element.  So would Al.  Why the hell couldn't he stop thinking about his partner?  He closed his eyes, leaned his head back and stroked the hard shaft.  What's a few more squashed tissues?

Al drew the Crown Vic again. His first stop for coffee was one at which he also could buy an air freshener and Lysol spray.  He sprayed the seats and hung up the air freshener then patrolled his assigned streets.  His ass was sore from the fucking he got the night before.  His stiff uniform shirt rubbing against his stiff nips only made his dick stiffen.  It might just take a couple of days to recover from last night's fun.  With any luck, he'd get to see Art again over the weekend.  A couple of accidents kept him busy all morning.  By the time lunch rolled around he was starving and his nips were once again hard and erect.  He stopped to pick up a salad, juice and chicken soup for Jim.  He thought about his partner as he drove.  His thoughts strayed to how similar Jim and Art were in profile.  Thinking about Art made his dick hard.

He parked in the driveway and walked stiff-legged to the front door.  He hoped by the time Jim answered that his dick would calm down.  Jim opened the door almost immediately.  He was flushed and disheveled, except for the obvious dick outlined in his sweats.  Al held the lunch bags in front of his hard dick.

"Wow, buddy, you look like shit."

"Aw, gee thanks, here let me kiss you and share this cold."  Jim made a move toward him but Al ducked under the big arm.  "Whadya bring me?"  

"Chicken soup."  He handed Jim the container and tried not to stare at the outline of tight muscles in the snug fleece, not to mention the big dick that seemed to be getting bigger.  Al headed for the kitchen and Jim shuffled along behind.  

"Gee, thanks.  I was only kidding but this will be good for me."  Jim watched the broad shoulders and round beefy butt in the uniform. It dawned on him his dick was waving about but by that time it was too late.  Al hung his jacket over a chair and sat down.  Jim told him all about his cold and being exiled by Linda.  He sipped the soup and seemed to cheer up a bit.  Al munched on his salad as they made small talk about the weekend.

"You know, you better be completely over this by next Friday.  We still planning on going out to celebrate?"  Jim shook his head yes as soup dribbled down his chin.  He wiped his chin with the back of his hand.  He looked so pathetic that Al was having difficulty not laughing at him.

"It's just the two of us, Linda won't come.  Which, by the way, reminds me, where were you last night and don't you return calls?"  He coughed from the exertion of trying to be assertive.

"Oops. Didn't even check the machine, sorry.  I was out last night.  Late.  And if it's just the two of us, we can have fun together."

"Oh sure, out fucking around were you, while I was on my death bed."  Al smiled and shook his head in agreement while thinking, getting the hell fucked out of my ass.  Al cleaned up their lunch garbage as Jim sat at the table sneezing, coughing, wheezing and blowing his nose.  

"I better get back on duty, you get a lot of rest this weekend, OK?"  He patted his buddy on the back and headed for the front door.  "I'll call and check up on you for Monday."  Jim leaned in the doorway as Al backed the hulking cruiser out onto the street.  The big man looked hot even in this state.  For sure those sweats did nothing to hide the big dick.  Al adjusted his balls in his pants and began his rounds.  The afternoon was basically routine as he assisted at the sight of a fire.

Back at the station, he changed clothes next to Bo and ogled the beefy black butt waving in front of him.  They walked out together and headed to the gym.  It was one of those rare days when Bo went to workout right after work.  Al enjoyed the big man's company and always got a good pump when he was along.  Both in the gym and later at home he would get off thinking about the big man.  They put in an intense session and slowly walked back to the locker room.  Usually, Bo just gathered his stuff and left without showering.  Al was surprised when the guy followed him into the showers.  He had to work hard not to watch as the combination of soapy lather on wet, ebony muscle moved with muscular grace next to him.

They chatted about sports as they showered.  Al turned to rinse off and got a full view of Bo's perfect features, including a long full cock that was seconds from being completely erect.  He averted his eyes and stepped under the hot water to rinse his hair.  Bo was standing inches away at the next shower.  He could feel the water coming off the hard-bodied man.  He raised his arms to push water through his thick black hair and brushed against the firm wet man.

"Sorry, shampoo in my eyes, didn't mean to hit ya."

"That's all right, I'm in the way."  He felt the big man's hand on his back and opened his eyes to look down.  His own cock rose to the occasion as Bo's hot hand came down to cup his bubble butt.  "Al, we need to talk."

Al looked over and saw the his co-worker's rock hard cock pointing at him.  The big man stood above him and shrugged.  "It has a mind of it's own sometimes."  The two men silently toweled off and got dressed.  As they walked to their vehicles Bo finally spoke.

"You know, I know your story, I mean I saw you that night outside that bar with that man.  It isn't the only time.  I followed you a couple of times."

"You followed me? Why?"

"Trying to work up the courage to approach you.  It's been in my mind for a long, long time."

"What has?"

"How attracted I am to you."

"You're straight. You're married, Bo."

"I know, that's what makes this so difficult.  It wasn't a coincidence that I saw you that night.  I would cruise down that street constantly, trying to work up the courage to go inside the bar.  I ain't got the balls you have."

Al snorted. "Yes, you do, I've seen them."  He leaned against his bike and looked the muscular giant in the eyes.  He looked like he was about to cry.

"I have kids and I do love my wife but, man, I got this need.  Help me Al. I don't know what I'm feeling, except that I can't stop thinking about you and other men being together."  He pleaded as Al looked everywhere but up at him again.

"I don't think I can. It's not a good idea.  This isn't the most open-minded group of men we work with.  I mean if they find out that I'm sucking your black cock or you're, well, you, it's a killer for both of us.  I'm gay, Bo, I deal with my emotions on a daily basis.  I want the world to know who and what I am but the world here isn't ready for a gay cop.  If we weren't cops, I'd be on you in a minute, but not now."  Al felt the tears roll down his face."

"Can we still be friends?  Can we confide in each other?  You aren't pissed at me are you? Sometimes I just need to talk. Please."  Al looked at the pain in Bo's face. He shook his head yes.  Bo squeezed his biceps through his jacket.

"I'm not going to lie to you Al.  I've been changing in the locker room next to you for a long time and there are days I just want to rip your clothes off and."  He stopped.

"And what?  Don't stop now."  Al hoped some teasing might make Bo feel better.

"Do whatever it is two men do together."  Bo's huge shoulders sank and the breath went out of him in a loud sigh.

"You've never been with another man?"

"No.  Being gay, or even thinking that I might be gay, isn't something one does easily in my neighbourhood.  I don't usually go to the gym until late cause there are fewer people then and less temptation.  I avoid places where I might not be able to control things.  Tonight with you in the shower is one of those times and places.  The whole time we were working out, I kept thinking about your body, how you would feel, taste, smell.  We hit the showers and wham. I got a fucking rod for you.  What do I do Al?"

Al took a deep breath.  He looked around the deserted industrial street near the gym.  "I can't tell you what to do Bo.  I can listen and we can talk about a lot of things, but only you know what is right for you and only you can figure out what is best to do for Bo.  There are a lot of guys out there who strongly believe we should all be out of the closet.  But that ain't right for everyone.  I'm not there myself, buddy.  There are even more people who want us all to be dead.  I can't make decisions for you if I can't make them for myself.  You need to talk. I'll be there for you.  You want to go out and see the inside of a bar and want someone to lean on. I'll help.  It's a long, lonely road my friend.  I'll help however I can, but I can't make your decisions."

"Fair enough.  I want us to be friends."

"You got it."  Al stood up and hugged the sad man.  Their eyes met then their lips.  Al felt the massive arms fold around him then let go.  "I know a lot of guys who would think I'm nuts for not taking you home with me.  Maybe I am, but I think it would hurt our friendship.  Call me if you need to talk, otherwise, seeya Monday."  He threw his leg over the Fat Boy, snapped his helmet into place and roared down the street.

Bo walked to his Ram, threw the gym bag across the seat, then sat at the wheel and cried.  He drove home, kissed his wife, played with his two energetic boys, had a quiet dinner with them then sat in front of the TV and thought about life.  His life.  He sat through the 11 o'clock news, pulled Al's phone number from the address book in the kitchen and put it in his wallet.  He made love to his wife, then lay back and accepted this time he saw another man in his bed.

Al pushed the button on the answering machine.  Jim called to thank him again for stopping by at lunch and asked him to call tomorrow.  His fuck buddy from earlier in the week called begging for a repeat of that big dick up his ass.  His brother called to remind him about his parent's anniversary next month and did he have any ideas what to do for them.  Art called wanting to know if he wanted to get together tomorrow night.

He stood in his small kitchen and sucked down a protein shake and thought about Bo.  His hands ran over his hard still sore nipples and down to the heavy dick in his jeans.  Art's answering machine picked up and Al said yes, call him tomorrow.  He walked to his truck got in and drove to his favourite gay diner in town. The waiter flirted with him as he ordered the broiled scrod and vodka.  The drink was way stronger than his usual beer.  Another man sitting alone at a table across from his caught his eye.  Actually, the heavy boot caught his eye.  He followed the boot up over a leather covered leg to a not too small waist and huge chest in black T-shirt.  The heavily bearded face smiled back and nodded.  The man's big meaty hand squeezed a thick hunk of meat between his legs.  Al paid his bill, picked up his drink and joined the man.

The next morning, Bo called Al and got the machine.  He headed for the gym and put himself through one of the most intense workouts he could remember.  His big body felt pumped and bigger than it had ever been.  He did a couple of quick poses in the locker room mirror and contemplated what it might take to get back into competition shape.  He only needed to diet and work on a couple of body parts.  Another of the guys who had been pumping heavily in the free weight room came by and nodded his approval.  The guy did a biceps pose next to Bo and whistled low.

"Jeez, man, that's phenomenal.  You getting ready for a contest?"  The guy looked at Bo, up and down, every black inch.

"No, just like keeping in shape.  You think I could compete?"  Bo did a most muscular then relaxed.

"Fuck yeah, you got more going for you than a couple of the guys who workout here and compete do.  You're huge, good-looking and put that butt and those balls in a posing strap, the judges would eat you up."

"Thanks, man.  Maybe I'll think about it."  The big hunky man punched one of Bo's pecs and headed for his locker.

"If you need a workout partner, for anything, let me know."  The guy's hands went to his own pecs and squeezed, then gave Bo the thumbs up.  Bo scanned the massive build and looked back at his reflection
and nodded approvingly.  Then he realized his dick was damn near fully erect and forming a huge bulge in his snug shorts.  Shit.  He stood in front of his locker and stared blankly.  He thought about calling Al again but figured one message from a desperate closet case in the morning was enough.  He just didn't feel like going home right now.  The wet gym clothes got thrown in a separate plastic bag for the laundry later.  He pulled his gym shorts back on and headed to the men's steam room for some relaxation.  At this time of the morning, it usually wasn't busy.

He almost fell on the slippery tile floor trying to see through the thick hot steam.  His breath was a bit short in the heat but it felt great on his pumped muscles.  He climbed up to the top tile bench and stretched out.

"Glad you didn't fall, you'd be one heavy load to carry outa here."  The big guy who had commented on his body was two feet away.  Bo hadn't even seen him.  "They have this puppy really cranked up today.  Seems to be keeping everyone out, probably too hot for them."

"Oh, hey, sorry I didn't see you.  Yeah, it's cranking but it feels really good."  Bo could just make out the beefy man also sitting on the top bench.  His hair was soaked and water was rolling off his thick, hard muscles.

"I don't generally get in here on Saturday morning's but I worked late last night and didn't want to totally miss the gym time.  The name's Jack."

"Bo.  Nice to met ya."  He watched Jack lean back and stretch his long legs.  They were thick with veined muscle.  His quads were easily bigger than most men's waists and the calves were as big as his arms.  Bo figured them to be 20 inches easily.  The man ran his hands over the wet muscles and squeezed them tightly.

"Man, I just love the feel of my body after a good workout, like I'm made of steel.  Gotta keep that pumped feeling going all the time.  If I miss a few days and the soreness goes away, it just ain't the same.  Ya kno'?"

"Yeah.  I enjoy the feeling and power myself."  Bo ran his hands over his big square pecs and felt the nipples respond to the heat.  The steam seemed to be picking up again. He didn't think he could last much longer.

"I bet you do feel like steel, everywhere."  Bo felt Jack's hard thigh against his own.  He was standing on the second bench, just inches from Bo's prone body.  He looked up at the handsome man. Water dripped from the man's body onto his bare skin.  Jack was naked and his dick fully erect.  Their eyes met through the thick haze and Bo felt cold fear in his spine.  Jack's hand lightly traced the thick pec and circled the deep brown nipple.  His dick slid along Bo's side to his waist as Jack's hands pressed and slid over the etched abs and down to the waistband of the shorts.  Jack massaged the abs for several seconds moaning his approval.  Bo felt sweat from his nerves rolling down his forehead.

A hot wet hand clamped over the hard shaft in Bo's shorts.  A second hand massaged the pounds of muscle on the quads and came back up to begin sliding the shorts down Bo's body.  He raised his butt to allow Jack to remove them.  He looked up at the misty bodybuilder and slowly raised his hand to find Jack's cock.  It was hot, hard and wet from the steam.  Bo squeezed the 8-inch rod and felt the veins on the velvety hard rod.  He slowly stroked it a couple of times.

"Oh yeah, you've got huge hands and thick calluses. Feels good."  Jack's hands squeezed Bo's long fat cock then cupped the big low hanging balls.  "Holy fuck, two mouthsful."  Jack moved and Bo lost his grip on the throbbing dick.  He moved to see where Jack's cock was and felt the hot wet mouth close over the head of his dick.  He'd had head 100's of times but not with another man.  He sucked in his breath and felt the fear return to his body.  Jack slowly began sucking the black tool and picked up speed.  Bo could only get short breaths as the mouth and tongue teased his dick and the hands played with his balls.

"Jack, don't, I'm going to cum."  Jack swallowed the entire growing shaft, as Bo's hot cum shot down his throat.  Bo felt like he was about to swallow his own tongue from the incredible feeling in his dick.  Jack let the softening tool slip from his mouth and sucked the two big balls.

"I gotta go but I hope I run into you again.  Maybe at the Garage, we don't have to be so uptight there." He squeezed Bo's pecs, got up and slipped out the door.  Bo lay in the steam room for another minute before bolting up.  He headed for the showers and saw Jack soaping his magnificent body.  The big man just winked and went about his business.  Bo showered but by the time he finished dressing Jack was gone.  He sat in his truck not sure how to feel.  Noon.  Maybe Al would be home now.

Bo wheeled the big truck into a spot in front of Al's apartment building.  It was an older neighbourhood of small apartment buildings and duplexes.  Al's truck was in the street.  It was the only vehicle on that side so Bo assumed Al was alone.  The driver's side window in Al's truck was halfway down which seemed a bit unusual to Bo.  He walked up the short stairway and opened the door.  A couple of spots on the step caught his eye.  Possibly someone had spilled some paint.  The building was not secure and Bo walked up the steps to the second floor apartment.  He realized he was following a trail that ended at Al's door.  He knelt down and felt one of the larger spots.  It was wet and red.  Blood.

To be continued, comments - suggestions?       Lennoxbear@gmail.com           
Beyond the Blue (c) 2000
