The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations where it is
legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or
any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder,
except may be posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access, noncommercial archive sites. 

Copyright 2000 by E. Z. Riter. 

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com      

Please!        Give me your comments!

Dear Reader, A light little story for your enjoyment.  Thanks to Ruthie for editing.  E.Z.



WINDOW

He'd washed and dried the last glass ten minutes ago.  He had no excuse to stay at the sink now,
but his hands were on either side of it, elbows locked as he supported himself.  He was looking
out his backyard window.  He couldn't tear his eyes from Gale.

She was on her stomach sunning by the small swimming pool.  Her long blonde hair was
carefully arrayed over her head to bleach in the hot rays.  The bikini top was untied so no tan line
would appear.  The bottom was only a thong.  It was sexier than if she'd been naked. 

His cock was throbbing, hard and demanding in his swim trunks. It was so hard it hurt.  Right
now, he wanted to bury his cock in her sweet wetness so much he could cry.

"Oh, shit!" he exclaimed. He stepped back, but didn't go far.  Emily's fingers were tightly
wrapped around his erection.

"What are you thinking of?" she said, a wry smile of her face.

"Nothing," he lied.

"Right, and your cock swells to dynamic proportions thinking about nothing.  You were thinking
about Gale, weren't you?  You want to fuck her."

"Don't rub him like that, Emily.  He'll go off."

"If I were a good little wife, I'd get on my knees and suck him.  I'd let you cum in my mouth as
you watched her through the window.  Would you like that, Harry?" she asked teasingly as her
hand slowly stroked his cock.  "Would you like to cum in the wet softness of my mouth while
you fantasize it's Gale's pussy?"

"What are you trying to do to me?" he moaned.  "Of course I'd like it."

Emily turned and leaned back against him. Her ass slowly moved against his cock.  His hand slid
under her blouse to cup her braless breast.  He tormented her nipple as together they looked out
the window at Gale.

"Which part of her do you like best?" Emily asked guilelessly.

"All of her," he replied with a sigh.

"I know that.  But which part?  Below the neck, I mean. My guess is you like her ass and legs
best.  You're an ass man."

"I like your ass best of all."

"I know," Emily said, "but mine's smaller, my legs leaner and longer, less muscled.  She does
have such a prominent ass.  And with those powerful legs, like a gymnast, umm."

"What game are you playing?"

She turned in his arms. "Have you been faithful to me?" she said, her eyes hot and burning.

"Yes.  You know that."

"I know, but I wanted you to say it.   You're an attractive and sexual man.  I know you want other
women sometimes.  It's been hard for you, hasn't it?"

"Was that a pun?"

"No. It was a serious question."

"Then I'll give it a serious answer.  Yes, I see other women I want.  And I see other women who
want me, women available for the asking, but we made a promise to each other."

"Yes, we did.  Thank you for keeping it.  I've kept mine, too," Emily said honestly.

"I never doubted it."

She turned to look out the window again.  He enveloped her in his arms. Again, she squirmed
against his cock. When his hand stroked between her legs, she grabbed his wrist to stop him.

"Don't.  You're not the only one who wants to cum," she said.

"Let's go upstairs."

"Later," she replied.  "I want to watch her."

"What part do you like best, Emily?" 

"Her breasts.  They're magnificent.  Double-D. So different from my B-cup.  Everything about
her's different."

"How do you know her cup size?"

"She's very proud of them.  She came into my bedroom without a top one time.  'How do you
like these, Sis?' she asked, holding her breasts up to me.  I had to masturbate as soon as I was
alone."

"Was that last Wednesday when you were so incredibly horny when I got home?" he asked.

"Yes.  You know, Harry,  I'd hate to pick one part as my favorite.  She's one hell of a woman
from her head to her toes. She just radiates sex.  Oh, lord, look at that."

"I am," he replied with a slight tremor in his voice.

Gale turned over.  She made no attempt to retrieve her top, which lay discarded beside her. Her
breasts jiggled as she lathered her legs in suntan lotion. Her hair had fallen forward to shade her
face.  She undid the little bows on each hip that held the thong in place.  She lay it back exposing
a neatly trimmed Mohawk bush.

"Oh, God, I'm going to faint," Emily said as she turned in Harry's arms and buried her face.

"That's what's been hard for you, hasn't it?" he said softly.

"Yes," she whispered.

"Then don't look now.  She's lathering the lotion between her legs."

"Oh, Harry," she said as she pushed back to look up at him. Her face was tight, intense. "I don't
want another man.  All I want is you, my big-cocked lover, my husband.  But . . .  I don't know. 
I thought when we married I was done with that and it has been two years, but that's the longest
I've been without a woman since I started puberty.  Since she arrived, I . . .  I'm afraid I can't
control it.  God, I want to rape her.  I want to tie her down and play with her whether she wants it
or not."

"Me, too.  Let's do it!"

"It's not funny.  It's eating me up.  How can I have these feelings?  I'm happily married.  She's
my sister."

"Half-sister and eight years younger."

"Yes.  Eight years younger.  Forget that if I had sex with her it'd be incest.  What am I saying? 
How can you forget incest?  It's a crime and a sin. Oh, Harry, she's only seventeen.  She's a
minor.  She's probably a virgin and has no idea of how sexy she is."

"A virgin?  Do you see the way she moves?"  

"Of course I see it.  So free, so sensual, like an animal in heat.  It drives me nuts!  Harry, good
people don't do things like that. They don't think them, let alone talk about them like we're
doing."

"Things like what?"

"Our mother sent her to be with us for four weeks.  She expects us to watch over and protect her. 
Here we are talking about having sex with her.  Incestuous sex.  Nonconsensual sex.  It's
criminal.  Even if she didn't tell anyone, it could scar her for life.  Even if we didn't go to jail, it
could ruin all my family relationships."

"I understand what you're saying.  And our fidelity would be left in the ashes.  It's not something
to be taken lightly."

"I'd never forgive you if you had another woman, even though I tease about it. But if it were
Gale, I'd understand."

"If you had another man, I'd leave you, but Gale's not a problem.  Not if you let me watch."   

"That's not funny! What are we thinking?  How can we be saying these things?" Emily moaned.  

"But you want her."

"Yes.  Yes, I do. And so do you."

"My cock's killing me I want to fuck her so badly.  Emily, I don't love you any less because of
my desire for her."

"And I don't love you any less.  It isn't love I feel for her.  It's lust.  Pure, unadulterated lust. 
Deep, gut wrenching sexual need that has my pussy aching and throbbing.  Oh, God!  What's
wrong with us?  Can't we control our feelings?"

"We have controlled them."

"Yes.  And we must continue to do so.  She's my sister, your sister-in-law.  She's just a child."

"She's coming in the house.  Oh, lord, the way she walks."

"Strength, Harry, strength.  We must be good."

Gale walked into the kitchen where Emily and Harry stood.  She gave then a wicked smile and
walked to the window.  She peered out to confirm her sun bathing area was in clear view.

"Did you two enjoy the view?" she asked teasingly. 

"What do you mean?" Emily gasped.

"I mean of me. Of my naked body roasting in the sun.  I've been showing off for you ever since I
got here.  Are you guys too old for sex or something?"

"No.  We're not too old," Harry said, wiping the sweat from his forehead. 

"Well, I was hoping we could get it on.  You know, the three of us.  I'm dying to fuck you,
Harry, and, Sis, I know you're bisexual.  I was hoping you'd teach me how girls do it together.  
I've been here over a week and you guys haven't made a move.  Don't you like me?"  Gale's lip
stuck out in a faux pout as she arched her breasts toward them. 

"It's a complicated and serious issue, honey.  We're trying to do what's right," Emily said
piously, trying not to shake. 

Gale laughed.  "It isn't complicated.  Fucking's simple. You do it or you don't.  Me?  I do it." 
She turned on the ball of her foot.  Her ass twitched all the way to the door where she stopped
and looked back over her shoulder.

"I'll be in the middle of your bed.  If you're coming, don't make me wait too long.  I'm really
horny."

Gale's ass clenched as she bounded toward the stairs, leaving them alone with their thobbing
organs. 

"Emily, what are we going to do?" Harry sobbed.

Emily didn't answer.  She ran after Gale. 


The End.

Please!   Give me your comments!        

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com







 






       



      

    



 

  

