Thai Bargirl

By Starfire Mayo - Second Life Asian Girl

(MMF, wife, interacial, prost., cuckold, asian)

 I fall in love and marry a Thai bar girl. She decides to carry on working.
===================================

My wife Aliyt is a stunning Thai beauty. The kind of woman who can give you an erection by just moving her hips when she crosses the room. Aliyt is petite for a Thai girl at 5ft1" with gorgeous brown skin and a very slender and marvelously proportioned body. She has small firm breast with nipples that poke through those thin Thai tube tops she likes to wear and long waist length flowing black hair. As for yours truly, I am 49 years old white male, a bit overweight and like I like tight Asian pussy. I met my wife working in a bar in Bangkok. She came on to me and I bought her a few beers. We flirted and kissed mouth to mouth. I had paid the bar fine we spent the night together. 

From the first time I met her, Aliyt wore a wide smile and I found her to be endowed with a  good sense of humour. She was always cheerful, very friendly and laughed easily while her eyes shone with mischief and joy. Her laugh revealed a sexy piercing on her tongue. I was later to find matching piercings on her belly button and her left vaginal lip. Aliyt was a sweet, affectionate, soft, gentle and very feminine girl. She was always smiling and charming. I knew Aliyt worked as a hostess in a beer bar. That was a fact and as such I knew what she did for a living. She provided company and sexual services to patrons. I knew that she could be bought from a bar for a night or more by paying a bar fine to the bar. She made money from having sex with clients and getting them to buy her lady drinks. She earned about 40,000 baht per month and she was only allowed two days off a month. She was not allowed time off on Fridays, Saturdays and national holidays and she had to go out with the clients four to ten times a month or pay fine of 500 baht for each missed quota as well as selling a hundred drinks. In spite of this as the days turned to weeks together, I could not help falling in love with her. Aliyt had grown up in Isaan and she had come to Bangkok to work and earn money to support  her family. Her best friend Pom had been working as a dancer at a Go Go bar and found her a job in a beer bar. All the money she earned she would send back to her parents and when she was not working she would hang out and play cards wih Pom or the other girls. 

In addition to being docile, loving and devoted, she was very passionate and intense in her love making. She her trained her tight little Asian pussy into a real muscle. She groaned with passion as we made love and I knew she was really enjoying the sex leaving me totally satiated and exhausted. The first few weeks it seemed like a dream come true. I made all the arrangements and we travelled around visiting Thailand, enjoying being together and getting a feel for the culture. I must say I fell in love with the country too, its food its people lovely flowers and beautiful girls. When we were not out visiting or eating Aliyt liked to wake up late, watch TV and eat tasty spicy noodles. She did not seem to have any other interests except good sex and spending my money on shopping. I found that she was actually quite lazy actually, she did not like to do any housework, cook or clean up and thought that was the job of a maid. I put it down to cultural differences and forgave her as she was so loving towards me.

Sex was great together and we got along very well without too many arguments. I liked Thai food and I loved fucking her slutty pussy and she knew how to care for me. Trust was a big part of our relationship. Aliyt had been a bargirl but she told me that it was all over now and she was starting out a new. She had fallen in love with me and she was determined that we get married and settle down. I had been told by a friend that to be successful in turning a bargirl into a girlfriend it had done so when they were new to prostitution. After the first couple of months it was much harder. I loved her so much that I decided that I would take my chances anyway. I knew we had a very special loving bond and I hoped that it would be strong enough. 

I had no problem with her past as a bar girl, I told myself. She had been quite open and honest about it. How her `uncle' and her friend Pom had helped her into the business and helped her train as a bargirl. How after she had been with the first few men things had changed for her. She had got into the swing of it and found the right attitude toward having sex with a customer, helped by the other girls. After a while she had decided to stick with the business and she had found herself easily willing to go out with additional men. She had found that she enjoyed it, the money, the thrills and the power it gave her over other men and the lifestyle it brought. She soon found herself addicted to the promiscuousness of prostitution. She was still young and desirable. I brought her stability and money. It was a good match.
Married and back to the bar in Bangkok...

Married and living in Thailand at last: 

After we got back from our honeymoon, we decided to live in Bangkok for a while until we managed to sort out all her emigration paperwork. I took a job as a consultant and made enough money to keep us comfortable. However it never seemed to be enough. We had only been back in Thailand a couple of weeks when Aliyt suggested we go back to the beer bar for the evening.
"Whatever for?" I asked, startled. "Why would you want to go back to that place after the tough time they gave you?" 
"I need to see my Thai friends. Speak Thai. Please, honey. Do it for me, honey..." She pleaded, "I want to go now before it is too crowded."
I blinked, suddenly noticing that she was already all dressed to go out. She was wearing a white Lycra tube top and tube micro skirt that fitted her body tightly like a glove and showed off her hard nipples beneath. She had put on bright red lipstick, mascara and was wearing black high heels with short white socks. I caught my breath. She looked absolutely desirable in a provocative and slutty way, very much in tune with what the average bar girl would be wearing. Reluctantly I agreed. I admitted to her that I was excited at the thought of other men getting a hard on for her. She laughed at me in surprise, but she seemed to feel relieved by my attitude. I admitted to her that actually the idea of all those other women looking at her disapprovingly and enviously and the men knowing that they could be fucking her for a price made me horny. She took hold of my cock firmly and ran her hand over the length of my cock, feeling it's hardness in her hand and looked me in the eye with a sluttish and provocative amusement. As she gently stroked it, she told me she liked men to want her. The thought of her fucking another men's cocks for money instead of mine made me so hard. I kissed her face and her neck. She let out a sigh then and pushed against my cock saying she was excited but ready to go.

When we got to the bar, we sat down and ordered some drinks and Pom came up to us and hugged Aliyt. The girls were happy and excited to see each other and chatted together in Thai. Pom began to flirt with me at the same time. Smiling at me, she told Aliyt how lucky she was to find such a good hearted strong handsome husband. I felt embarrassed and offered to go over the bar and fetch some drinks. When I got back I found my wife standing next to a stranger. She smiled at him and leaned over towards him. He said something and she laughed. She looked so charming and beautiful. By the way he was looking at her he was certainly not insensitive to her personality and sex appeal. She waved for beers and sat down close next to him, leaving me alone at the bar. He seemed to be all over her. 

I had never seen the man before. He had his arms around my wife and that he was squeezing and pulling her firm bottom up against his crotch. Her arms were resting on his shoulders and she was rubbing up against him, sliding her pussy up and down his leg, feeling his meat rubbing up against her soaked pussy, touching his cock under his pants to get it hard and kissing his ear and giggling.

He said something in her ear and her face flushed and she glanced towards me. I saw that her hand was touching and feeling his hard cocks in their pants. They continued to drink more beers and the guy reached out and started to fondle and caress my wife's breast through her tight Lycra tube top. His hands were on her hard nipples and I saw him fondling them with his fingers. She kissed him open mouthed. I watched in horror at my beloved locked in a mouth to mouth kiss with him. I saw her mouth move as she stuck her tongue down his throat with passion. I felt a strong pang of real jealousy and nearly got up but stopped myself in time. I told myself that it was too late anyway to be jealous as that was her nature and after all she seemed to be really enjoying it. I was getting my wish, I thought with irony. Another man was ravaging my wife and I was there to see it. I felt anger, jealousy and arousal fighting it out. She shook her head. I saw his hand reach up between her legs. His fingers thrust in and rubbed her wet horny pussy. She had her hand on his horny dick now. She had extracted it from his pants and she was firmly trying to jerk her customer off. After a few strokes my sweet Thai bride took it in her mouth and was licking and sucking at his thick cock like a back alley whore. I watched my girl take this strange meat between her lips: What a complete slut! 
She eagerly shoved his meat in her mouth. From the look on her face she liked sucking his erected cock and was enjoying every second of it. When she is boozed up with a few drinks taking an unknown stiff cock in her mouth seemed natural. With all the excitement she had obviously totally forgotten about me. 

It seemed like she didn't care about me her spouse in this private little moment of her... She was partying with this well hung male as the boozed flowed through her body and my lady lost control and went with her animal bitch instincts which told her to fuck any strong cock with cash in it for her. My wife might be a real slut but I am proud of her. She sucked him off until the poor guy couldn't take no more and he was ready to explode in her mouth. She moved back, her lips smiling and dripping with cum.
He said something to her. She ignored him.  He insisted and they reluctantly got up and wandered over to me. I stood up and approached the couple.

 "That's my wife you are groping, Mister. Get your hands off her ass." I said.
He looked up at me with annoyance but made no move to break free. "Nah, I paid for her drink," he replied. "Get lost..." He added with disdain.
I clenched my fists controlling my anger and jealousy. I looked at the couple with strong mixed emotions and contradictory feelings: anger at my wife's behavior, fear of not wanting to confront or fight this man and arousal at seeing my wife behave like a slut before me. My cock was hard looking at what he is doing to her, touching her intimately. I felt overcome by mental and moral cowardice and took a step back. Aliyt glanced at me up. I could read disappointment and contempt in her eyes as I back down. Reluctantly, she disengaged herself gently from his strong embrace. When the customer began to protest she put a finger to his lips and whispered something in his ear. He grudgingly let go of her and she moved towards me. He nodded, unhappy but said nothing. I took hold of her arm firmly and pulled her against me.

"Stop, you're hurting me." She winced.
"What do you think you're doing, behaving like that?" I said.
"I'm working, honey. He pay me good. Please don't get angry. Promise." She pleaded, eyes wide.
"What do you mean you're "working". I thought you had given that up and that we were going out together." I responded.
"They call me this afternoon. Nerissa is sick. They need another girl to cover her shift. I tell them I can do it. Need more pocket money, honey." She said.

I suddenly realized that she had not told me the truth earlier. She was quite cunning, irresponsible and deceitful when she wanted to be. I was angry that she had committed to work at the bar without asking me. After all she was married to me now!

"The other girls are busy. I help them out." She insisted, seeing my expression. "No more fighting, honey. Please. I just flirt and they buy me drink. That is all. Afterwards I rape you, promise." She said gently squeezing my cock through my pants. "His firm cock makes my pussy wet and horny for you, honey." She pulled my finger under her skirt and into her soaked sleeve. She wasn't wearing any panties beneath. "You feel how I am wet now, honey?" She said, fucking my finger gently and discretely with her pussy. She gave me a quick sperm - wet peck on the lips and told me:

"Jake ask me for short time with him." 
I looked at her, stunned.
"You mean you want to go with him?" I blurted out.
"He pay me good money, 3,000 baht for short time honey." She said.
"You're not going with him?" I managed, my face livid.
"I need to work. Earn money. I go with Jake, have good time, do boom boom."
Misinterpreting my look of anguish, she kissed me briefly and added:

"You no worry, tilak ja. Jake take good care of me. He nice big cock. He fuck my pussy good. I come back to you soon after Jake finished boom boom ."
The guy had only just invited my slutty wife back to his hotel for a good fuck with her. Even though she was with me, my true whore of a bargirl was unable to resist his lewd offer. Before I could protest Jake wrapped his big arms around my girl and pulled her tight up against his big cock. She looked at me pleadingly so I gave in. She kissed the guy hungrily and took him by the hand. She would definitely be taking her clothes off to ride this well-hung stud shortly. I knew that soon he would be spreading her legs then driving his long fat cock into her cunt and pounding her like the cheap bar whore that she was. 
She called over to the Madam. I saw them discussing something, then the man reached into his pocket and handed over some money to Madam Orchid. She shook her head and reluctantly he gave her some more baht. She smiled and nodded. I swallowed hard: Had he just paid the bar fine for my wife? Aliyt got up, took the man by the arm and lead the guy down the back. She glanced at me giving me a little smile and a sign to wait. I got up to follow but I found myself intercepted by Madam Orchid.

"You cannot go, Sir. Mrs is busy now." She said, stepping in front of me to block my passage.
"I want to see her now," I insisted.

"Ok, come this way then." She said misunderstanding my intentions.
Reluctantly, I let her take me through another back door that gave into the office adjoining the back bedroom. I stopped and gasped:
"What the hell..."

I felt angry and frustrated. At the same time I knew that I would enjoy watching my cum grubbing hoe getting hammered in a variety of sex positions. 
There through a one way mirror I saw my wife on the bed with the other man. Watching my beloved being touched by this stranger made my stomach retch. As I watched him kiss her on the lips and her avid little mouth responding to his embrace I felt weak at the knees. I wanted to faint but I forced myself to watch with dawning horror, realising at last what I had got myself into. My wife was making out with a total stranger and soon she would be taking his cock inside her lovely body, a body I had adored and thought of now as belonging to me. I felt anger, arousal and fascination as I watched. I wanted to stop her and hit the guy but I knew that it was not the answer and anyway what was done was done. It was too late. I just had to touch my hard on and stare at her as she became aroused and responded to him physically, pasting her firm slim body against his, rubbing her hand over his crotch provocatively. I realised that she couldn't see me through the one way mirror.

I had often fantasized about watching my beautiful wife being fucked by one of her customers but it had never occurred to me that it might actually happen for real until then just been that. Seeing here like this now just made me angry or want to cry or something. Instead I just gritted my teeth tight and I watched standing still and doing nothing. The only thing that moving was my lurching dick. The idea of my wife fucking a total stranger and cumming on his cock made me really hard but I guess there is a real difference between wishing it to happen and actually being there and seeing your wife getting screwed in front of you. I had once fucked the wife of a dude I met on the internet right in front of him. He had been very cool and mature about the whole thing. He had watched quietly stroking his cock. After I had made his wife cum screaming on my hard cock he had calmly proceeded to fuck his wife and then they had kissed warmly. I was very impressed, wondering if I could be so mature about it too and enjoy it for the simple screwing it was without any emotion or jealousy.

"Don't be angry, Sir. Your wife's pussy is still good for many men." Madam said, trying to sooth me. This of course had the very opposite effect.

I was shocked. I knew that this was the answer to giving my wife the happiness and fulfilment she needed and lacked but was I really prepared to sell my wife  to a horny stranger who wanted to fuck her in the ass for bahts? She was a Thai girl and even if she had sex for money I knew that once a girl had been a whore she would always be a a whore and that having sex with a man for money would always make her extremely horny. As for myself I found an irrestistable and morbid fascination at the thought of watching my wife ride some rich guy's cock for cash. I wondered what would happen if I allowed her to continue earning money by fucking men who simply craved to use her lovely body for sex. 
Would I ruin my marriage and lose my beautiful wife? I knew it was a risk. But then I had this obsessive fantasy to see other guys use and fuck her for money like the bar girl she had trained hard to be. I was shocked at myself, but deep inside I knew she wanted and needed to take other cocks in her even now after we were married. 

"You're very lucky man to have such a hot sexy wife. She fuck real good, I know." Said the Madam.
My cock was growing harder in my pants now. I lusted to see this stud bone my petite slutty wife. I wanted to see him fucking her pussy, making it loose again, then fucking her asshole and filling it with cum. I wanted to fuck her pussy and feel his semen squishing around my cock too. Aliyt had been brought up in a culture where they were taught to please men and she had worked the bars fucking many men every day for nine years. So what was another cock cumming in her tight asian pussy anyway? I guess that what had changed now was that she was mine, my wife, my loving bride and I adored her. I wanted to jump up and stop it, but at the same time I loved her so much and  I wanted her to enjoy having sex with the other man.

I wanted to touch her hair and gently stroke her lovely shoulder. Her eyes were sparkiling with sexual desire and mischief. I wanted to kiss her on the lips and a squeeze her tight before letting her pleasure her male friend. I felt a terrible pang of jealousy and arousal, yet I was proud of her professional dedication to her duties and her desire to keep him in her hold, pleasure him and make him cum adoringly in her pussy. I was torn between a series of strong conflicting emotions but I just kept fondling my cock to ensure that I would allow my wife to get the sexual satisfaction she needed and to earn the reward we both felt she deserved.
The man moved to her head and I watched in horror and he slid his cock down her throat. 
"Fuck her. Fuck my slutty bargirl. She wants and deserves it...." I thought.
My wife sealed her luscious brown lips around his exposed cock head and plunged her head down onto his dick. I watched her head move expertly up and down his long glistening shaft, suppressing a gag as she moved to take the whole nine inches deep inside her small throat. I could not believe it! Little did I know my bitch would suck that bastard's cock and fuck him with such a fierce passion. She came up for breath and groaned, letting out a deep long "Ahhh!" of satisfaction, hunger and unchaste enjoyment. Then she began to suck harder at his cock. No longer able to control himself the guy released a hot sticky stream of man juice straight down my hot little Asian girl's throat. She swallowed hard, taking down every last drop of his cum. Then she proceeded to lick the moisture off his cock and tease it with her tongue until it was hard again. 
She pushed him back onto the bed and with a wicked smile climbed on top of him, mounting his cock. I noticed her pussy was wetter than I had ever seen it before. Her juices were running down her inner thighs. Reaching down beneath her, she took hold of his long cock. Holding hit firmly with her left fist, she positioned the cock head against the open entrance of her moist vaginal lips. With one strong shove thrust, she let herself down the full length of his cock, taking it up to the hilt in her hot pussy. As she sank down on his cock, she closed her eyes, smiled and opened her mouth, letting out a small sigh of satisfaction. I looked at her as she slowly began to move up and down on his cock, lifting herself up on her knees, then gently letting herself back down on it. She was impaled upon this stranger's cock and I could see that she was loving it. His cock was thick and long and she tightened her ass cheeks to grasp it firmly inside her tight pulsating pussy. I knew that she was thrilled feeling that huge cock inside her, penetrating her belly so fully and so deeply. She was hot, wet, and tight on top of him, riding his cock. That way, she could take it all, every fucking inch of the precious meat into fill her hungry whore pussy. She swiveled her hips and then rocked back and forth on the man's thrusting cock, making sure he had maximum penetration. 
Even though it was a bit awkward with my being there, I knew from her happy eyes that my cutie was really enjoying getting fucked by this other guy. I watched my hot cunted bitch ride the stranger's cock. She was acting like a real horny slut: She thrust up against his down eagerly riding his dick with fierce passion and begging for him to fuck her harder. She had never let me fuck her like that, I realised. Not that deep, hard and dirty. My fantasy had become reality: My wife was fucking this stranger deeply. Even though it had been so fucking hot to watch another man plowing my wife I knew then and there that our relationship was in serious trouble. But I just could not help enjoy watching my wife moan of pleasure as this other guy drilled her tight wet pussy. I could not help pulling out my cock and I stroking it hard as I watched her moaning with guttural pleasure now. I was so horny watching her new male friend fuck my slutty bride. 
"She knows we are watching." Said the Madam. 
Effectively Aliyt looked up in our direction, staring straight at me through the mirror. She smiled and quickened her pace. I saw my lovely wife squeeze her legs around his thrusting body urging him on as he came in her. His strong dark body stiffening as he gushed his wad deep up inside my wife's unprotected womb. I was rock hard and my own cock jerked in my hand. My wife let out a wild cry and then shuddered. I never thought I would see her enjoy the most powerful of orgasms from some random stranger's cock. She quickly came again but she kept on riding the guy's cock like there was no tomorrow. He looked up at her and they both leaned in to kiss. They were actually making love now. I could tell. This wasn't simply fucking any more. I could tell by the look in their faces. She told me afterwards that he was awesome and that he had totally abused her, screwing their tight anal hole so hard.
Finally I could stand no more and let my seed out cumming too in appreciation of my wife's enjoyment. 
The bed sheets where my wife had had sex looked soaked in sweat and sex. Aliyt's body was glistening from the hard fucking. The guy rolled over on his back and they kissed exploring each other's mouth again. After he had left I went into the other room. She smiled at me and pulled me towards her. She kissed me gently, tenderly and passionately on the mouth. Her mouth and her whole face smelled like cock. There was a peaceful and satisfied warm, loving glow about her. She felt giddy and young; she felt so adored. As she closed her eyes and kissed she closed her eyes remembering the feeling of the other guy between her thighs. The feeling of his long, hard cock sliding in and out of her wet pussy and imagining its full length still inside her cunt. She shivered with delight at the thought.
I put my hand on her sticky wet crack, collected a potent mixture of pussy juice, the semen of another guy and put fingers in my mouth, tasting the juices of her coupling. It tasted sweet and musky. She smiled at me, surprised and delighted then pulled my head down towards her wanton loose pussy saying:
"Lick my pussy clean, honey. I still have lots more work to do tonight. Lick it clean for me so another real man can fuck me good there for you." 
I could not blame my wife if I was a cuckold now. After all she was a pleasure girl and nothing I could do would take the whore out her now or stop her screwing other men's cocks and letting them pleasure her and cum in all her holes... I adored my filthy immoral Thai bar girl wife and that meant I would have to put up with the situation. She pasted my head against her pussy and rubbed it over my mouth and nose, directing me to lick between her soft half parted vaginal lips where the sticky juice was starting to ooze out in blobs. I licked hungrily at her unclean pussy, drinking and swallowing the fresh cum. 
"Eat it," she said rubbing my face in it. "Yes, that's right. Suck it all out of me... Can you taste his cum, honey? You see how he liked fucking your slutty wife's pussy? It was so good. He made me cum like a bitch in heat."
She groaned as I licked all around her pussy, sucking and swallowing the sperm from her sinful arousal. She told me that he had paid her more to fuck her bareback without a condom. Anyway it didn't matter now that she was married, she explained. After all we wanted to have children and so she could make more money fucking her customers bareback. If she got knocked up that was okay since we wanted to have a kid. It didn't really matter to her which cock or whose sperm it was. I groaned and told her to go and fuck another guy. She smiled and replied that she was feeling horny too.
I was surfing Thai porn sites when I found the clip of my wife doing it with this other guy. She told me that she had stopped working. But when I saw her fuck that guy on the internet, I couldn't deny anymore the fact that she had lied to me. She was wearing her wedding ring so I knew this was only a week or two old. She was working as a bargirl again fucking and sucking men for a living. When you see the footage on my site, you'll see why you should never trust a fucking whore! My mouth fell open and I swallowed hard as I watched the new post of my new bride fucking this dude;
I watched him kiss her on the lips and her avid little mouth responding to his embrace.  I felt weak at the knees. I wanted to faint but I forced myself to watch with dawning horror, realizing at last what I had got myself into. I felt anger, arousal and fascination as I watched. I would really like to rub her breasts and lick her pussy firmly as she sucked on a customer's cock head, licking his cock conscientiously and massaging his balls at the same time. It was obvious that he wanted to fill my wife's pussy full of cum. I thought to myself that surely she would like it too and this would certainly make her little girlish nipples are very hard and erect. It was not long before I was watching as my filthy Aliyt get a hard hot fucking, Her small tits and ass trembled as the guy banged her pussy, making her gasp with pleasure and cum hard. I watched unable to decide whether I was angry or horny. I watched as the guy spread some KY jelly heavily onto his cock. He then positioned himself between her legs and spread her buttocks so that his cock head would slide up and down her slit to her ass. My wife did not seem to protests. He applied lube to her ass and worked it into her tight ass making her squirm and moan. 
He began working his cock into her ass very slowing against her anus till the head popped into her asshole. My wife squirmed and let out a little yelp, but the guy held her steady as he slowly pushed his cock deeper into her ass. He began sliding his huge black cock in and out of her asshole while she whimpered and grunted till he was finally pounding her ass as hard as he could driving her face down on the bed. As he penetrated her, he fingered her clit, helping to enjoy it fully. His strokes became longer and with more power in her tight ass. She arched her back to meet his thrusts. I watched eagerly as the guy's thick cock fucked in and out of her exposed ass. I listened to her grunt each time he slams balls deep and his cock is buried in her hole! I didn't care that she was getting fucked for money. All that mattered was the cock embedded in her ass. I watched the video several times until I came hard.
I still could not believe it. I then got the idea to check the clothes hamper. In it I found her panties, top and mini jeans. The panties were lacy and tight and the clothes smelled of cigarette and beer. She had been drinking in a bar. The panties on the other hand were definitely used and dirty. The crotch of the panties smelled of sex. It was stained around the vaginal area with a darker white discharge - a proof of her cheating. I put the panties to my face and breathed in the scent. I had to prove it to myself. It was definitely a mixture of sex. I felt depressed, like a beaten man, as I clutched her stained panties. My mind was spinning. I felt sick and angry. You cannot imagine my confusion. I pleasured myself with my cheating wife's cum-stained panties pushed against my face. And, it didn't take long. I fell asleep from exhaustion sometime after that humiliation.
When the next day I confronted her, I demanded to know what was going on. When I told her about it she cried and said how sorry she was. She told me she loved me and asked me to forgive her. Reluctantly I commented on how beautiful and sexy she looked with another man's cock in her mouth and I admitted how horny it made me to have married a slut and see her fucking another man like that. That it just made me want to fill her cunt with my own big long hard piece of hot meat. I was totally addicted to her pussy too. My wife had promised me that she wasn't going to do any adult work after we married, but she had continued and now I knew that she would not be able to stop her. This made me crazy and at the same time it turned me on. I knew I would not want her to stop either even though I knew that soon she would be sucking and fucking other dicks. Aliyt admitted to me that she wanted and needed to fuck other men for money but that she would not cheat and do it behind my back any more. My wife loves only me but she also enjoys working as a bargirl and hooker, earning good money and enjoying male company. She wants me to allow her to continue working in a beer bar. She wants to continue earning money by fucking men who desire her lovely brown body for sex. Certainly the idea of other men fucking my wife turns me on. Would it ruin my marriage and lose my beautiful wife? She likes taking a hard cock into her tight little Thai pussy and I cannot blame her really. I am sure now that my wife will want to continue fuck other men for money.
We watched the porn movie of her fucking together on the bed and she put her hand between her legs and rubbed herself. It was obvious that she still felt horny about the episode and that masturbation alone would not relieve her desires at all. In fact it only served to make her even more horny. I felt her pussy: it was wet and hungry. She suddenly embraced me as she felt an urgent need to be fucked and to have a stiff cock inside her. I was unable to satisfy her and to fulfil her sinful urges and desires even though I came four times. So after she had fucked me my wife had told me she was off to work. Back to the bar... 
I later got the details off her. My wife had picked a guy in the beer bar. Aliyt was sucking his cock the whole ride back to the hotel in the back of the taxi. They went to the bedroom as soon as they got in. She pushed him on the bed and started ripping his clothes off. She rode him like a bronco while clawing at his chest with her long, painted nails. His cock was hard as a brick as she was riding him. He began to fuck her upwards to meet her thrusts, sinking his cock all the way into her writhing cunt. He watched her face, flush with her arousal, and felt her body tense. 
"Ride my cock, you fucking whore. Ride my big dick." He groaned.
Aliyt thrust her ass up and down on his stiff stick, fast and hard. Her breath was heavy and short. He slapped her ass to make her speed up. Her pussy squeezed his cock tightly as she trembled violently through waves of intense pleasure as he sent his sperm into my young wife above him.
My wife came home in the early morning hours. She was wearing a short skirt and a revealing halter black blouse with black stripper heels. She looked trashy and sexy like a beer bargirl. She kicked off her heels and hiked up her skirt. I could see she wasn't wearing any panties. 
She spread her legs and reached down with a tissue and wiped between her crotch before she dropped her skirt. She brushed her teeth without saying a word before jumping into bed. She smelled of beer and sex as her smooth legs brushed against mine as she adjusted the blankets. Her pussy was red and puffy from and ass were sore after being stretched the guy's big cock and a lot of sex. There was dried semen on her thighs and my wife's hair was a mess and she smelled like cum. I took a deep breath of air and then went down on her. The taste was salty and acidic but I gave her the best oral sex I knew how. She orgasmed twice and then almost yelled at me to stop because it was getting too sensitive. She told me to use a condom as she was working now and she did not want me to catch anything or make her pregnant as that would interfere with her being able to attract and fuck other me. Just knowing some guy's sperm was already inside her from earlier in the night and feeling the cum squishing around against my wet condom was driving me crazy. All that man-lube caused my penis to glide right in. I could hardly feel her vagina around me but that was actually a good thing. She lay on her back as I rammed her shaven cunt with aggression. She winced as we made love and told me that she was a little sore down there as the last guy had got a big dick. Imagining his large dick inside my wife made me even harder. My cock was so hard it was throbbing inside of her. Aliyt groaned as she wrapped her legs around this me, surprised at the amount of energy I had found in spite of my age. The bed was rocking and banging against the wall. Her cunt was oozing pussy juice all over my hard cock. She had a powerful orgasm as came inside her tender pussy hole. 
Watching my wife with a customer
A couple of days later my wife brought home her first male friend as her friend who shared the room where she usually fucked her customers had her family staying there and the guy was married on vacation there with his wife. She admitted to me on the phone before she got to the house that she had not told him that she was married and that I better keep out of the way. She turned up at my house with this tall black guy. From the way she was all over him and flirting I could tell that she really wanted this black hunk in her pussy. I saw it was making her hot and flushed. I knew that I would love to watch her be used by this powerful Black man so I went in the other room and let her make her move and take care of business. Meanwhile I was imagining watching him slide his big dick deep inside her loving pussy and making her whimper and then lovingly clean her up afterwards.
After a while I crept upstairs and peeked in. I saw my wife down on her hands and knees like a proper slut. He was balls deep in her tight Asian snatch which was tighter than any slutty white wife, while her sissy wimpy white husband remained outside. The guy was fucking her doggie style. This perfect stranger had his long hard dick in her ass and he was pushing himself into her soft moist cunt, showing her what it meant to have a real hard dick banging her wet pussy, grabbing her big tits and calling her a slut. The guy held my Thai whore in place using her like an evil fuck doll and abusing her slut pussy.
Until a few days ago my wife had been home with me her husband playing the role of dutiful wife. Now my wife had taken this big black gangbanger upstairs into our bedroom and she had a nine inch black cock abusing her and drilling her senseless. I couldn't believe the vile filth that came spilling out of my cute bitch's mouth while she begged for a harder fuck in the ass. I just stood there, cock in hand and watched. As he fucked her pussy hard with his powerful cock she looked into his eyes with adulation and total sexual submission. The look of content sent an icy feeling to my heart as I knew that she had found a new way to satisfy her greedy appetite for sex and money. As I watched my wife also enjoying being screwed I just wanted to fuck my beautiful dirty wife in the same manner...but admit I simply do not have the body, virility and over-sized cock to do so as she would desire.
After a moment I saw him pop his dick out of her cunt and shove it in her ass. She wasn't expecting to take it up her ass but before she could say anything he had stuffed his cock in her butt hole. She groaned as his big cock stretched her anus but he just pushed it in further. She said it hurt for a minute but then she began to moan as she pushed her ass back on his hard dick. After a few minutes of pounding his cock in and out of her asshole, by wife begged him to cum. Of course he obliged her and pulled his dick out of her ass. She kissed him briefly on the lips and told him to come back soon.
After this my wife told me she had never felt so filled and nasty in her life and that she had enjoyed it like crazy. I told her black men had the biggest cocks and more spunk than white men, that is what made her cum harder. I remarked to her that she had failed to use a condom again. Aliyt admitted that she loved me very much and wanted a baby very bad. 
Since she was still working as a bargirl and whoring this would end up another bastard. My wife argued that this is okay and that it didn't matter whose sperm it is was long as we were married. After all if we wanted to have children she could also make more money fucking her customers bareback. If she did get knocked up that was okay since we wanted to have a kid. It didn't really matter to her which cock or whose sperm it was. Having many cocks fucking her pussy would give her maximum seeds in her loins and impregnate her. I did not know what to say at first and started to protest but Aliyt insisted on taking cum in her pussy until she is seeded by a bull. She declared that I was not allowed to fuck her unprotected anymore until she knew that she is knocked up good. I gave in on condition that I be allowed to watch her being used by her black bull as she knows I enjoy seeing their huge cocks  in her tiny Asian pussy. I had a very young Filipina friend who had married a white guy from my town and after nine months she had produced a black baby. I knew that she had been regularly fucking other men throughout their honeymoon. 
I should have known that my wife's tiny Asian pussy was helpless to withstand the overpowering sexual performance capabilities of that man's thick black dick. Now she is addicted to it, addicted to his cock, addicted to cumming over and over at his command. I had witnessed what a big black cock could do to her married Thai ass.
I had sex with my wife after he had left. She rode me pretty rough. Her pubic area was already flooded by their juices. After a couple of minutes, I lost it. It was probably the most intense orgasm of my life. I loved my wife. I loved her for giving me sex. She was still riding me when I told her I already came. She hadn't noticed. She stopped and looked down between her legs at my shrinking erection. She got up and went to the bathroom. I couldn't move, it was so intense.
The next day the black farang was back for more. She was all over him kissing him, calling him darling and staring him deep in the eyes with lust and adulterous desire. Her body seemed to shiver with anticipation as he squeezed her ass. She was so eager with the anticipation of worshipping his beautiful, perfect black body that she was caressing her superior black cock through his trousers. She quickly dragged him upstairs for another session of raw se and a chance for him to stretch her small Thai pussy with his big black cock again. I watched through the bedroom door as she his massive erection out of his pants, her eyes gleaming with sinful lust and her lips trembling with anticipation. It was the biggest black cock that I had ever seen in my life! Before I knew it, her lips closed around his hard cock. I was now watching her mouth slide down on another man's prick! Her tongue swirled around the tip and then she put his entire cock into her mouth all the way down to the balls. She bobbed her head up and down, and her fingers lightly caressed his balls as she ran her tongue from the base to the tip and sucked the head. She sucked and slurped while she stroked his balls, and then fisted his prick and sucked as she stroked it, up and down, over and over. She was already hungrily sucking that huge cock, licking and spitting on it, trying to swallow it all the way down to its big balls. I could understand why she was so greedy and lusty at having a dick that size. I guessed that her pussy was just itching to get that extremely large cock filling her cunt all the way up, banging her lusty wet hole while she moans with pleasure. 
He threw his head back and groaned: "I'm gonna ruin that tight little pussy and her ass girl. I'm gonna pump a massive load of hot spunk deep inside of your booty..."
His black cock was starting to ooze. I watched as she sucked his wet dripping cock. She wanted and lusted for that real a big fat black cock in her juicy hole. After a while when the monster cock could grow no longer my wife slid her warm tight cunt over the guy's big erection and rode him and fucked him hard, banging his balls against her pussy. Her wet mouth remained wide as she panted and rode his cock hungrily. While she was being fucked, she glanced at the door. She knew I was watching. Her eyes were glazed with immense promiscuous bliss while the black bull split her open and filled her small pussy with his dark cock. They fucked in every position with Aliyt making sure the positions were such that I could see his cock going in and out of her little housewife pussy.  I watched with pain, envy and adoration even though I know she is humiliating me by cheating and prostituting her body with this man. This guy treated my wife like a Thai street meat and completely abused her pussy with his big dick. This is what happens when you marry a wife who's young, hot, and dick hungry whore. We just got married and she was already spreading her legs for other guys. I watched with mixed pleasure and disgust the lewd scene of his long black shaft stretching her cheeks and stuffing her pussy mouth. He had her hips in a vice grip and proceeded to pound her pussy, his dick was a battering ram crashing into her horny hole. She squealed in delight. Her pussy was never been more alive. She loved to be used well by men. This stranger gave her what she needed. 
He was groaning now. My wife stared into my eyes as she experienced an earth shattering orgasm. As I watched this black man probably half my age and twice his size putting a load like that into my unprotected married Thai wife I felt aroused beyond belief and terribly sad. My wife was allowing this guy to fertilize her eggs. His spunk was so abundant that it filled her pussy to the brim and flowed out of her sleeve in a white sticky mixture and ran down her thigh. After seeing the amount of cum he had pumped into my wife's tight pussy I'm sure that he had impregnated her tubes and that soon I would be the proud cuckold father of a black baby. Then I thought I love the taste of her well fucked cunt, perhaps she would let me try and stop it and lap up the gobs of spunk that were oozing from her well fucked cunt.
After he had left I found my wife there waiting for me with his cum in her pussy. The big black cock bull had left her married baby making pussy full of his cum. I was rewarded with the pleasure of cleaning his seed from her pussy with my tongue on her sticky vaginal lips. She insisted I put on a condom before I was allowed to slide my relatively smaller cock into her well used stretched and gooey vaginal hole. I guess she did not want me to contaminate her breeding stud's potent seed. With the amount of sperm I her belly I thought that would be highly unlikely but I was hard at the idea too. She was a bitch and did not care who impregnated her as long as he fucked and paid her well, made her cum hard on his big cock and was not her husband. I pumped their promiscuous thick juices in and out of her womb helping her to fertilize her eggs. As I came she groaned and kissed me hard on the lips. I tasted the cock on them. A few minutes earlier she had been sucking her bull's hard black cock with her lovely lips and licking and gratefully swallowing his cum.
After that sometimes she has sex in front of me but mostly in her customer's hotel room. I don't know why I have not put up much of a fight. I lost my pride and dignity when it came to my wife. It was a mixture of love and complete hated at the same time. I know my fucking slutty bitch is getting her skinny cunt getting banged in the shower, on the bed, on the floor or elsewhere and I am not able do anything about it. My petite Asian bar girl is getting a dick stuck in her dirty pussy several times a day now for money and it makes me horny.
Once you have been with a Thai or Filipina women it is hard to go back to a western women. They are so cute, loving, caring, feminine and they all have good hot sexy bodies. Why would a western man want to return to an equal relationship in the west when he's got a woman who will make his dinner every night, not require help instinctively know how please a man, to make him feel special, and use this same talent in bed?



