The Terminator: Knocking up John Connor

Sarah Connor got arrested for the attempted murder of Miles Dyson. Her son, John, is left in the care of the T-800 Terminator. When John develops feelings for his cyborg, what will happen....?

(scifi, M/b-herm, minor/pedo, size, first, romance, oral, preg)

-------------------------------------------------

John Connor was a very special little boy. First off, he was the savior of humanity. Well he would be in the future. 
He was drop dead adorable, too. Messy brown hair and piercing eyes, skinny with nice legs and small hips. 
His mom, Sarah Connor, was in jail over the attempted murder of Miles Dyson. He had been left in the care of the T-800 Terminator, John's protector and best friend. 
Also the cyborg assassin that had tried to kill Sarah ten years before.

John was just starting to hit puberty, and T peaked his interests. He was sexy, for one thing. Nice and big and muscular. John often caught himself wondering what T's cock looked like. Just the thought made him drool.

John was special in another way, too.
Besides being the future savior of humanity, he also had a very....interesting body. 
In addition to a cute little cock, nestled underneath were the silky lips and plump mound of the feminine orifice.
He had never thought about his other parts until T came into his life. Of course, he knew all about sex. Sperm and egg, french kissing, all the bases. But he had never experienced any of that.

But now, since he had a strong and sexy cyborg to do his bidding, maybe he finally could.

They would often sit together, talking about whatever came to them. T would often put an arm around John to make the boy feel content. John would giggle and snuggle into his strong body. He cherished the moments he could be close to his Terminator.

"T?" John's voice was soft, almost in a whisper. "Do you have a penis?"

"Yes." T replied.

"Can I see it? Like, is it made of metal, or....? Please, T?" John kept his eyes cast downward, feeling a twisty heat in his belly. His little cock hardened while inside, his virgin uterus squirted out its' first egg.

T nodded, unzipping his fly and reaching into his pants, revealing his penis. John's eyes widened with surprise. It was quite big. With a grin on his face, John began to stroke it. The Terminator's dick felt like real flesh, and the child was amazed as it began to grow. 
 He looked up at T, who wasn't seeming to register any of what he was doing. "Isn't it supposed to feel good when someone touches your penis?" John asked. "I've seen movies....guys moan when their things are touched." He pouted. T gave a small grunt as John pumped his manhood. After a minute, the shaft had become huge. "I wanna lick it." John giggled and kissed the tip, swirling his tongue around it. 
T moaned, and John began to take it in his mouth slowly. He was liking this! The boy took as much of T as he could in his mouth, trying not to gag. The T-800 stroked John's head as the child sucked him like a huge popsicle, making soft mewls and groans. When the cyborg released, John pulled back, trying to keep the massive amount of semen in his mouth. It tasted salty and bitter. John swallowed and giggled, his little cock hard and his little pussy dripping wet, soaking the crotch of his underwear. 
 John straddled T's thigh, pressing his crotch against him. 

 "Kiss me." He whispered. The Terminator stroked John's cheek and kissed him. John rocked against his cyborg's thigh, moaning into his mouth. T's tongue felt amazing in his mouth. Hot and wet and tasting faintly of metal. He moved harder against T, whimpering and gasping as the friction drove him nuts. His cunt quivered with need, squirting out more stickiness. 
"Aaahh....aaaaahhh, oh my god!" John shivered and collapsed onto his companion. He slid off T, panting and moaning. "That was fun, wasn't it?" 
 "I agree." T stated, rearranging his parts back in the proper place. "Are you tired, John?" The child nodded, reaching his arms out as T stood up, silently commanding him to carry him to bed. The Terminator picked his little master up and cradling him. 


 While John slept, T looked the child's form over. The experiences a short while ago had been pleasant ones. Yes, he would be more than willing to do that again. He leaned over and kissed John. 
"Goodnight, John."
 ------- 
 From that night on forward, John had a plan to seduce T. He had acquired a wardrobe of cute dresses, tops, shorts and skirts. The future savior of the world wanted to be as gorgeous and sexy as possible. The Terminator thought his companion's choice of outfits strange, but didn't object. John also had read up on what was happening to him. Precocious puberty was rare, but it did happen. The youngest birth mother had been a five year old girl from South America. He would get absorbed in fantasies while he was reading, moving his hips slightly. Imagining T fucking him, his plump little ass getting smacked, semen pouring inside him, T getting him pregnant.....Mmmmm! He'd get so hot he'd have to stop and jack off, fingering himself while jerking his cock, gasping and moaning in ecstasy. It had to happen. He was only ten years old, but John needed his Terminator to get him pregnant.
 --------------- 
 It rained that night. John snuggled close to T in their bed, the nightgown he was wearing rode up on his thighs. He purred in delight, moving upward to bury his face in T's neck. A bolt of lighting lit up his face. 


 "Do you think my mom will ever come back?" He asked. 


 "It is possible."


 "I like it here, just us." John kissed his cyborg's jaw. "You and me. I....I don't want her to come back, not for a long time. I love her, but....She wouldn't approve. Of the things me and you do...." 
 The Terminator understood what he meant. The fondling, John's mouth on his erect cock, kissing the young child's body, rubbing the wetness and soft inner folds through John's underwear. These were things reserved for lovers. 
 But, lovers they were.


"I want it to be like this forever." He pushed closer to the Terminator as thunder rolled in the sky. "Maybe we could, y'know, get married one day." He tried not to laugh. John Connor, the future Resistance leader, as a cute fucking housewife. Taking care of a few babies while his sexy cyborg husband kicked ass. John would also kick ass. He wasn't gonna give that up!


"Marriage?" the cyborg replied. "Human matrimony. Husband and wife."
John blushed, nodding.
"Yeah, I'll be your wife....Well, I want to be your wife." He kissed his cyborg's cheek.
T stroked John's cheek and jaw, looking in his eyes.
"John Connor. Wife."
The child blushed deeply, giggling.
"T. Husband." he replied. He suddenly got on top of T, straddling his waist. He lowered his mouth to his companion's in a sensual kiss. T grabbed onto John's hips, squeezing them. John moved downward, pressing his hip's against the cyborg's crotch and grinding against him. He moaned, watching the older one close his eyes. 

"You know, we could start....Doing things right now...." John whispered. "I can't stop thinking about your cock. You cum a damn lot. And, I've.....Since we're gonna get married....I want you to give me a baby..."
The T-800 looked at him curiously. Humans needed to reach a certain age before they could properly mate and reproduce. And his master was still a child. He couldn't deny John's request, but would it work?
"Affirmative." T replied as he removed John's nightie and started to slide down the adorable bikini panties the boy was wearing. John lifted a little off of him, letting T run his fingers between the surprisingly wet folds of his womanhood. He used his other hand to fondle John's small penis. The boy bit his lip as his flesh twinged and throbbed with each stroke. 
John began pulling up T's shirt and the rest of his bedclothes, instantly grabbing his huge penis and massaging it. T gathered John to him, these sensations registered as good, enjoying the feel of flesh on flesh. He stroked John's inner thigh, working his fingers up back between John's legs and inserting a finger into his virgin cunt, making his master whimper. The Terminator began to thrust his finger in, rubbing the wet and warm inner walls.

"Ohhhhh, yeah...." The boy moved his hips, letting T's finger press against his g-spot. "That feels good, ohhhh..."
T withdrew his finger, not wanting to bring his tiny master to climax so soon. John grumbled and squirmed, pushing T on his back and straddling him again, lowering himself onto the the cyborg's member. As the head entered him, he cried out, pulling away. Tears filled John's eyes, his tiny slit throbbing in pain. "Owwww....!"
T stroked his head, snuggling him and lowering him down on bed, and opening the plump thighs.

"Isn't human mating supposed to be gentle?" He questioned. John nodded. Slowly, he moved on top of John and positioned himself, sinking into the heat and tightness of his master/lover/wife.
John gasped and moved his hips upward, helping T to bury his full length inside of him. He wondered if he was bleeding. His pussy throbbed with pain again, but subsided within a few minutes.

"Oh my god, it's big, you feel so good, T...." John moaned. T began to thrust and John moved with him clumsily, thin legs wrapped around him. "I love you, I love you so fucking much....!"
They kissed more, tongues touching, panting. As the huge cock hit John's g-spot, he groaned loudly, cock dribbling precum. T grunted, feeling his cock pulse. He pushed in a bit more, hitting the cervix. John screamed and clung to him, whimpering and squealing. 
"You can go deeper, can't you? My belly feels like it's on fire, I'm ready for a baby. My body's ready, T....Please, please..."

The Terminator pulled out, and thrust hard once again into John, this time burying himself all the way inside into his master's womb. The heat and contractions inside felt amazing.
John screamed in pleasure, hips bucking.

"Yes, yeah, ooooohhh!" He cried. "I'm gonna cum soon, more, T...."

They made love, kissing and enjoying each other, John's walls squeezing the cyborg's massive penis. A few tears streaked the boy's cheeks.

"John." T gasped as he released, groaning and filling his lover with his semen. He could feel his sperm wash over the little egg in John's belly. John came, semen and cunt juice dripping from his crotch and thighs, panting as he snuggled close to his cyborg.

"I love you." John whispered. "Thank you."

"I love you, John." T replied, running his fingers over John's lower tummy. "Mission completed."

_______________________

Within a few short months it was obvious that John was already expecting. Sarah's trial also took a very short time, the verdict was ten years in prison. John couldn't help but be happy, his mom would up and have a fit if she knew her only child was eleven and pregnant.

When the baby came, John gave a fake name for the father, not wanting to arouse any suspicion that people may have of his "father" being the father of the infant. 
He named the baby Sarah Jane, in tribute to his mother.

John, T, and little Sarah Jane lived a very happy life together. T was an excellent father, a little naive but he managed. They managed to produce another child almost four years later, Sarah Jane's baby brother, whom they named Kyle.

And in time, years later when Sarah was released, she found her son again. She found him and the Terminator married with two adorable little half-cybernetic brats.
She fainted.

*END*