My buddy Jim comes home...for good
By Bhuralund@gmail.com

I was overjoyed when I heard that my friend Jim was moving to my town for good. We had been best of buddies during school days and after college we really didn't meet at all. I didn't attend his wedding though he did invite me and he couldn't attend mine because I just didn't have his exact address. And now after 15 years, somehow he found my address through another common friend when he realized that we would be in the same city.

I often told my wife of our times together in school and college so even she was happy for me to hear me feel so elated with joy.

So one day Jim called me to say that he was now settled in nicely. His company had arranged for a nice house for him and it was not so far from where we lived. I invited him and his wife over for dinner one Friday evening and he happily agreed. Only, his wife had not been able to move with him because of some work commitments so he was along for a couple of months till she tied all loose ends at home and joined him.

Anyway on Friday we planned to have a great session. Unfortunately my wife got gastric flu on Friday morning and was in great pain. She went to see our family doctor and was in absolutely no position to cook or to entertain. I am a terrible cook. The only thing I can really whip up with help from cook books is an omelet so I told my wife that I would call Jim and cancel our dinner. My wife insisted that I met up with my friend as in any case she would just lie in bed and rest. "Why don't you two have a boys night out," she suggested and I thought that sounded great.

Jim was okay with any arrangement so we decided to dump our cars at home so that we could drink without any inhibitions. We went to a nice bar which I had heard of from some of my younger and single colleagues. I thought would be good to have some nice looking beauties around especially since both of us were on our own. We met at the entrance of the bar and had a back slapping and hugging sort of reunion. Jim, I was happy to see, was still quite fit and looked as dapper as he was as a student. We were both like youngsters talking about all the mundane stuff that had happened in our lives.

The bar closed at 10.30pm because of some local regulation and we realized we were still eager to talk. So we decided to take a walk and find a diner. The part of the town we were in is mostly industrial area - full of offices and factories. While it is very vibrant during the day, it is almost dead in the night. So there we were, the two of us, walking slowly and talking loudly inhibited by the large amount of alcohol in out blood. Then I felt the pressure build in my bladder and as I started looking around for a rest room, Jim pointed me to a dark narrow alley between two buildings, "Buddy, let's just go and relieve ourselves in there somewhere. Anyway, it's so dark no one can see us. I am also dying to piss badly."

We walked in, looking around suspiciously like two teenagers. Once we were in the dark, Jim just hauled his piss-strained cock and started pissing. The sound of the warm acidic fluids hitting the soft ground was resonating rather loudly but I didn't think much of the shadow of someone walking towards us as I started pissing too. In no time, he reached close to us and I realized it was an old black man wearing a rugged and worn set of overalls. His grey hair was shining like silver on his head and his dark deep eyes were piercing through my skin.

"So you boys think it okay to wet my bed with your piss, huh?" he asked both of us, as the realization hit us as we looked down...it was not the soft ground that our golden piss had soaked but a torn, old mattress lying down there.

"Oh fuck," Jim stammered, "jeez, we are so sorry...eh...we had no...idea ...that someone was gonna sleep here..." with that Jim turned around and shook the last few drops of piss from his cock. A drop flew high enough to land on my jeans and a few drops quickly sank in the well-worn cotton overall of the old man who was intently following the journey of the drops from their source to the destination. 

"I see you are really sorry. Is that why you are now splattering your piss on my overall?" he asked cynically, absently rubbing Jim's piss drops on his overall. "I guess you don't care about my dignity because I am probably the lowest form of the human rungs," he added and picked up his mattress - lumpy and drenched in out piss. He hugged it despite the piss smell and the wetness. Immediately our mixed piss started to wet his light blue overalls.

"I am really thirsty," he old said to himself and in a jiffy sat on his knees directly under my still pissing cock. My piss started drenching him. He could sense that I was about to finish and quickly engulfed my cock in his mouth drinking the rest of the warm yellow liquid much to my shock. The feeling of my cock floating in a mouth full of my own piss was too much for my senses and my cock started swelling. I, suddenly, didn't want to finish my piss. As his mouth got full, he swallowed my piss and his Adam's apple bobbed up and down. Jim was more shocked than me, I thought, because he was sitting next to the old black man watching my tail-end of my nine-inch thick cock protruding from the old man's mouth. The thick grey moustache of the old man was mingling erotically with my curly pubic hair as he deep throated me and let the piss fall straight into his gullet. Oh, what a feeling of pissing in a human urinal. I was getting horny.

To my surprise, Jim locked his mouth on top of my cock sucking the top of my rock hard shaft. This was he was mashing the nigger old man's moustache onto my bareback skin and that was making me go crazy with lust. I pushed the old man away and held Jim's head with both my hands. I held his ears tightly and pulled my cock out of the old man's mouth and pushed it in my best buddy's waiting mouth. He was curious but not very willing but I didn't wait for his initiative and pulled his mouth on my cock. Then I started fucking my cock with his mouth. I didn't thrust in and out but I made his mouth slide on my cock with my hands.

Jim looked dazed. The old black man was more interested in my cock and pushed Jim away making him fall backwards in a small puddle of my piss. Old man now started sucking me earnestly and I could feel cum rising in my balls intensely. Within a few minutes I came with a shudder in the old man's toothless mouth. True to his word of being thirsty he drank every single drop as if replenishing is protein intake. Even when I was spent he continued milking my cock till it was like a limp noodle.

I packed my shrinking cock in my pants and helped Jim up to his feet and we started walking out. The old man followed us, "You nasty fuckers, where am I going to sleep tonight?"

In my drunken haze, I told him that he could sleep in my house for a night.

"What about my buddy," he asked pointing to another shadow approaching us. As his buddy neared us I realized he was a duplicate of the old black man perhaps even older. He too can sleep in my house, I told him happily, feeling guilty of having dumped my sperm in his mouth and trying to make up for wetting his mattress. The two old men consulted with each other and happy to have found a bed for the night started following us, without the soggy mattress.

Once on the main road, we flagged a cab. The cab driver looked at the four of us with suspicion but took us in. I sat in the front and the two smelly old men jammed behind with Jim. When I turned to see if Jim was okay after five minutes I realized he was very okay with the second old man's gnarly cock embedded deep in his mouth. He was sucking the old wrinkly cock like his life depended on it. The old man was pushing Jim's head so hard that Jim was gagging and choking but the old man was happily getting pleasure out of the situation.

The can driver, a young Mexican handsome man, was also looking back again and again to check out the erotic scene. With one hand, he was also fondling his own growing cock. Soon we reached my home and got off. The driver, sure of some getting some sex too, asked me if he could have a drink. I was so drunk that all reason was beyond me and I invited him in as well. Motioning everyone to be as quiet as possible so as to not disturb my sleeping wife, we walked in and I got the shock of my life.

My pretty wife was sprawled on the couch only wearing a night dress. The dress was completely unbuttoned and my wife was not wearing anything underneath. She was watching a porno flick and was rubbing her pussy with the TV remote in a fury to get her off. The TV screen was alive with a group of black men gang-banging a blonde who was impaled on a gigantic black uncut cock. Her pussy was jammed with two huge black cocks ramming in and out like wild beasts.

My wife didn't notice us come in as the back of the couch is towards the main door. Jim was shocked too but the two old black men, and the Mexican driver, were only looking at a piece of meaty pussy slick with lubrication and ready for the fuck of her life. The first one to get back into senses was the young Mexican driver. Even before I could chuck all of them out of my house and lock the door, he pulled his cock out and in less than a minute was on top of my shocked wife. In one swift motion his really fat and veiny Latin cock was invading my wife's horny pussy. He was about 10-inch long and at least 4 inch thick. The way he started sucking my wife's pink cherry lips and shoving his thick tongue deep in her mouth, my wife had no chance of seeing the rest of us (which was good in a way).

She had been so horned up that in a few strokes she started pushing her hips up to meet the Mexican's tanned cock. All four of us were watching the primitive fucking of my wife in stunned silence till one of the older toothless black nigger hauled his massive cock - even bigger than the Mexican and moved just behind my wife. He them pulled the Mexican off my wife's mouth and shoved his cock in her pretty mouth. She was choking and gagging on that massive purple cock but the lust in her eyes was so evident that I knew better than to make them stop (not that I could have done anything in that drunken state!).

When I turned to face Jim, I saw the second old black man had taken control of him and Jim was on his knees sniffing and inhaling the musky aroma of that senior cock. From his face I knew that Jim was loving every smell and texture of that gnarly cock. He lovingly stuck his tongue out and caressed the wrinkly foreskin-covered cock head lapping up the ever flowing copious amount of precum from the musky black cock.

Since I was the only one standing alone, I lay down on the floor and make my fantasy come true as I unzipped Jim's jeans and fished his hard cock almost same size as mine. I licked the shiny precum from his tight glans and started sucking his steel rod. When I heard my wife's scream as she hit her orgasm, I got up to see up close how the Mexican's sperm was breeding my wife's meaty hairy pussy. Some of his cum was dribbling out from the side of her pussy tightly wrapped around his ejaculating cock. I wasted no time in lapping up that precious and creamy cum of that unsavory cab driver.

Once he was done, he shoved his cock in his pants and left, saying that he didn't need to collect any fare from us, "the tip that your wife's pussy gave me is enough," he said as I saw him noting down our address.

The black old man fucking my wife's mouth now moved to her pussy and started fucking her already well fucked pussy with his massive black horse cock. I continued sucking her pussy as the black cock slid in and out. I could taste the tasty black cock with every stroke till the older black man jizzed inside my wife's fertile pussy. As the black man pulled his heavy cock out of my wife's pussy, I dived inside lapping the warm spice cock cream from her box.

I got up in time to see Jim receiving a mouth full of the other black man's cum which he dutifully swallowed like his liquid dinner.

I got up and showed the two black men to the guest bed room. Then Jim and I picked up my wife and headed to out marital bedroom. We threw her on the bed and undressed completely. Ignoring my wife, still busy rubbing her clit and the creamy pussy, we moved into 69 position and started sucking our identical monster cocks like teenage faggots. We shot our loads in each other's mouth and swallowed every single drop of our buddy cum. My wife also climaxed on her fingers and we all slept in each other's arms.

Sometime in the wee hours of the night I woke up to find both Jim and my wife missing. I found out the two cum sluts were in the guest room - my wife banking the old black man's cock and Jim on his knees licking the freshly delivered sperm of the other old black man. Leaving them there I went back to sleep.

Next morning when I woke up, I found one of the black man's cock probing my tender virgin asshole and before I could get him off my back he shoved his monster black cock up my shit chute and I screamed in unbearable pain even though he fucked me relentlessly till he erupted his thick black seed in my ass.

My wife was dutifully sucking Jim's cock in the living room and Jim was busy milking the other black man's limp cock having already swallowed his cum.

Needless to say, both the black old men never moved out of our house and stayed on to fuck my faithful wife's pussy every day and night. Sometimes they even called some other street friends to share my wife's pussy with them. Jim, too, moved in with us and we are all now a big happy family. We are now planning to break the wall between the two rooms so that all five of us can always sleep together...

The End.