Kara's - very hot pay site!
AdultFriendFinder - largest ADULT personals - 2,000,000+ members!
ALT.com - largest BDSM personals!
OutPersonals.com - largest Gay personals!
Nightmail.com - free web-based email!
SlutPost.com - free adult picture post!
 


Office Exhibitionism IV -14 Aug 
Office Exhibitionism IV 
Jeevan <jeevan80@yahoo.com> 


So thats how DC fucked me in my husbands presence. My husband loved it and just the thought of that makes him hard again, DC opened his own consultancy and so also a new office. The office was big with a separate cabin for DC and a small cabin for me and one big room in which he was planning to make the general office. DC was very happy with my work and charms too. He told me the new dress code i.e. to wear my sari very well below my naval and to wear blouse with deep cut in front and back. As usual it was to be tied tightly around the ass and to put on all my jewelry and mangalsutra. He also told me to put darkish lipstick so that I looked sexier. He explained me that my job was to keep his customers happy to be nice with them. I asked what he meant by be nice, he said that he expected me to welcome them when they come, serve coffee or tea. Since we had to attract business he wanted me to be sexy and flirty. My husband had no objection for this and was even more excited when I told him about this. 
He said, Ohh to meri bibi abb customers ko bhi khush kareengi! Oohh tub to usko unse chudwana bhi padega. Ohh Sali pakki Randi ho gayee hai. chalo theek hai. And we had nice fucking sessions. 
Working with DC was very exciting. Every morning he had me model my clothes for him. I used to walk with my paloo falling down from my shoulders and with swings of my ass. Sometimes when nobody was around I used to unbutton few buttons of my blouse and show him my fleshy cleavage. After which he either fucked me or I sucked him when he sat on his office chair. The day used to pass with me showing off my spilling out tits and wriggling my ass. When customers came I bent over to show off my 
tits and let my paloo drop so that they could see my cleavage. Telling all this to my husband used to get him in a strong fucking mood. He used to fuck me and call me names like whore , slut and office slut etc. 
I did not mind and used to enjoy it. All this fucking was making me hot and I was exposing my body to strangers like the courier delivery boy and the office cleaner. 
Once when DC was away out of town, I let the courier boy fuck my ass. He was crude and abused me. Called me names like Randi and pounded my ass hole. He even 
slapped my ass as he fucked me and I enjoyed it. After that whenever he came for a delivery or pick up he used to put his hands inside my blouse and twist and pinch my nipples and demand that I suck him. When DC was not there, I gave him a good sucking job. 
One day he came and asked if Boss was in and as I said no that Dc had gone out he pinched my tits and demanded that I suck him As it was very hot that day the boy was all sweaty and as I knelt and unzipped him I could smell his sweat and piss from his underwear. Noticing that I was hesitating to suck him, he twisted my hair and shoved his prick into my mouth. Not wanting to get hurt, I sucked him and soon found that I liked the smell of sweat and his dried piss. I soon took him deep and his hair was around my nose and he came quickly. He kept calling me a Randi and things like that and I did not mind and in fact seemed to enjoy it. He zipped up and twisted and pinched my nipples hard and left with me kneeling on the floor with cum in my mouth. This was getting good and dirty and I wanted more. 

In the morning I told my husband that I was going to buy some saris and have a few blouses stitched. He told me to buy some transparent chiffon saris and have some semi transparent cholis stitched. He then gave me a description of the cholis and I told him that with something that low my tits might just fall out. He said no matter and gave me some money to do the purchases. He said that DC had instructed him and had given him the money too. 
As I went to the tailors shop , I was wet with anticipation . The tailor was not there, only his assistant was present. I told him that I wanted to stitch a choli and he took me inside to the measuring room. I described him the style, with only three hooks in the front and sleeveless. At his request I dropped my paloo and he kept staring at my tits and its cleavage. As he took my measurements he took advantage and purposefully rubbed my back and from the front he squeezed my tits showing it to be accidental. I let him take advantage and soon his prick was making a large tent in his pyjamas. He rubbed his prick against my ass and I could not take it any longer. As he moved in front of me, I took hold of his prick and rubbed it. He groaned and I knelt and undid his pyjama nada. As his pyjamas fell I noted that his pyjamas were not very clean. As his prick came to view , I noticed that he seemed not to have recently had a bath and the smell of piss was very clear. I remembered the courier boy and I took it into my mouth. As I sucked I realised that that I enjoyed sucking pricks which were dirty and this realization made me suck harder. The smell of sweat and piss was hitting my nose and I was enjoying it. I reached 
behind and squeezed his bum and fingered his ass hole and as he fucked my mouth hard , I felt his prick hit the back of my throat and he cam in my mouth . He came in large quantities and some of it spilled out of my mouth and fell on my tits. I wiped my mouth and tits with his dirty pyjamas and the smell of it was making me horny. The boy was spent and he sat down. Then he got up sleepishly and put on his pyajama. I adjusted my clothes and then collected the receipt and left after giving the boy a good-bye kiss. 
My next stop was at the sari shop. I had known this man for some years . As I entered the shop , I found him all worried . On asking I found that he had a big customer , a sethji from out of town , and the sales girl was not in the shop. This had made the sethji 
upset , and the shopkeeper was going to loose some good business. The shopkeeper begged me to help him and finally said that he would give me a saree free if I helped him. I asked him what I had to do , and he replied that I had to show him the sarees and if he requests, to model a few by putting it on my shoulders. I agreed and he took me to show room at the back. The sethji was sitting on a sofa , and in front of him was large low hight table full of very costly sarees . The room was well lighted and had mirrors on all sides. The sethji was a old man of around 60 years . He was wearing a white kurta and dhoti and and his mouth was stained with paan. 
The shopkeeper and I sat down on the low table and started to show him the sarees. I observed that the sethji was more interested in me than the sarees. Noticing this the shopkeeper asked me to show the sarees. As I was showing him the saris I noticed 
that he was also looking at my breasts that peeked through my low cut blouse. The Dirty old man I thought and moved my paloo a bit away from my breasts so that he could see more of my tits. The sethji then asked me to drape the sari on my shoulder to see how it looked. I knelt, dropped my pallo and put the sari on my shoulder. The sethji kept on staring at my flat stomach, deep navel and cleavage. I was getting more excited at showing off and thought about the hard fucking my husband would give me when I told him of this. I tugged my sari lower and it was very very low now and my whole 
flat stomach was exposed. The sethji was getting excited and called the shopkeeper aside and whispered something to him. I understood that it was about me. The shopkeeper then told me that the sethji wanted to be left alone with me and if it was ok. He also told me that the shetji would give me nice present if I satisfied him. I felt like a whore and was excited by the feeling. I agreed and the shopkeeper left the room. 
After showing him some more saris he made me sit next to him. And every now and then touched my body and as I did not object took more liberties and kissed me with his paan stained mouth on my lips. First I felt disgusted and humiliated with all the paan smell but this humiliation made my choot flow. Then I enjoyed it and kissed him back. He took my hand and put it inside his dhoti and made me fondle his prick. His lund was small, may be 4 inches but it was hard as steel. We kept kissing and I then moved down to suck him. The sethji took hold of my mangalsutra and wrapped it round his prick and made me suck his cock along with the mangalsutra. This was real dirty, an insult to my husband but I kept sucking and he came in my mouth and all this time the sethji was moaning and enjoying it. As he took out the mangalsutra covered prick from my mouth, there was some come sticking on the Gold. The come fell into my cleavage and it felt wet and sticky. The sethji than choose many costly saris and left. The shopkeeper was very thankful and gave me the saris I needed, free. 
On my way home I had to cross a large park to reach my colony. It was evening and the park was almost deserted. I noticed a labour class man walking behind me. He was watching my hips sway and was making crude comments. I turned round and asked him if he had a long enough prick to fuck. He immediately took out his prick from his pyjamas and holding it in his hands showed it to me. It was a long hard and thick prick and very dark in color. I looked at the man. He was muscular and definitely going home after a day of manual labour. He came upto me and squeezed my tits. I wanted his large prick for sucking and fucking. He took me behind some bushes and stated to knead my breasts and ass cheeks . He threw me on the ground , lifted my saree , tore away my wet panties and roughly fingered my choot. I was soon aroused and he made me suck his dirty prick. I sucked his dirty prick with the smell of piss and before he could cum he fucked my cunt. 
I could smell his dirty and smelly body and this made me want him more. He fucked me hard and came in my choot. He put his clothes together and wnt off leaving 
me to gather my clothes and head home. As I walked I felt his come dribble down my thighs. On reaching home , I had a bath , put on a white saree and blouse and waited for my husband . That night when I told of my dirty day he was shocked, and it made us 
really horny and he gave a good hard fucking. 
Thanks Jeevan 
Rekha 

 




<Back To Pages>

