WELCOME TO SARA DURESI'S WORLD OF FICTION!

Dear Friend,
Welcome to my world of fiction.
I decided to begin writing erotic stories during the summer of 2004.  Being transgender, most of my stories are focused on TG heroines, but I am open to all kind of fiction erotica.  Therefore, in my stories there may be love, romance and sex between all kind of people, transgender or not.
Being an "average" next door girl, I do not usually put into practice everything I write about in my stories but writing them has helped me a lot to face my status and live with it.  Most people do not understand who we actually are and I am always puzzled when in a chat room I am asked questions like:
"How long have you been sick?" or "When have you decided to become transgender?"
When I get questions like that I realize that the average person does not know very much about us and this is probably the biggest of our problems in life.   Being transgender just comes with personality and, in spite of what people think, once we manage to face reality and accept ourselves in this non-accepting world being transgender is a wonderful thing!  I am so glad to have been born like this!

As concerns myself, my name as a writer is Sara Duresi, or just "Sara" for my best friends.  Unfortunately I live my social life as a male, but it makes it much easier.  I am successful in business and I feel that most of my success is due to Sara, my inner "alter ego".  There is a group of friends, both male and female, who knows Sara and loves her.
If you want to know more about myself and about the transgender world, please read "Once in a blue moon".  This will describe briefly my life, the difficulties of being transgender and there are tips to learn more, either to satisfy your curiosity about transgender people, or because you need to learn more about yourself as a transgender person.  For people who are confused, I confirm that being Sara for me is just a PLUS!  So, don't be afraid about this.  For all the others, I just thank them for being understanding.
Thanks for reading this.  From next page you are going to find an index of all my stories listed in issuing order. 
I appreciate any comment you may have, good or bad.  Thank you in advance for writing me your point of view.  My address is saraduresi@hotmail.com

Sincerely
SARA DURESI


COMING SOON:

After over one year of silence, I am finally back with new stories!I have just completed  "Once in a Blue Moon". I am reviewing it for removing <typos> and mistakes. I should be able to post it on Asstr around June/July 2007. This is not a real sex story, but the story of sex, seen with different eyes.  That is, my bio, what it means being transgender, and all links to websites to discover more about the subject.  People new to TG issues should read it, since this is not fiction but reality!  Tg people may find some useful tips and also learn from my mistakes. 

About new fiction stories: I have already the "draft copy" of Sheila's first case. Sheila is a tg-detective involved in a case of missing girls.  Try to guess what would be happening to the poor missing girls. This should be ready to be posted on asstr during the summer or fall 2007.  In case I get some good feedback from you on this, I may post other cases involving Sheila in the future.



MY STORIES CURRENTLY AVAILABLE ON ASSTR:


- SEEDS OF LOVE

Chris Johnson is a young man, just married, soon to be a father and with a promising career in front of him.  But his studies raise the interests of the secret service, which require his assistance for a very important and secret mission on a island, home of nasty dictator Pintoxx.  The mission fails, and puts an end to his life as a man.  Physically turned into a woman for revenge by Pintoxx, Chris who is now Christine, fights for her freedom and manage to escape from the Island.  Going through a series of adventures, including selling her body to raise money to survive, she manages to return to her hometown, where she tries to get back to a normal life as Lisa Parker, a very sexy and beatiful woman...
She manages to get in touch with her "former wife", now married to another man, and discovers a terrible truth, which had been hided to Chris Johnson and... many other exciting things are waiting for you in the story.
Text file:
www.asstr.org/files/Authors/Sara_Duresi/Seeds_Of_Love_by_Sara_Duresi.txt
Acrobat pdf file:
www.asstr.org/files/Authors/Sara_Duresi/Seeds_Of_Love_by_Sara_Duresi.pdf


- ACIDITY

Once upon a time...
Yes, this is a real tale, but not for children.  There are some detailed descriptions of sex acts, but it has a lot of humor too.  This past Christmas I was down for some personal problems, so I needed to write something that would make me smile.   So, if you are ready to get excited by reading a sex story, but you want to make some good laughs, this is the story for you.

And, by the way, Sara is on the cover of the Acrobat version, trying to read the glass ball as Witch Acidity.
Let me know what do you think about the story.
Thanks for reading it.

Text file: www.asstr.org/files/Authors/Sara_Duresi/Acidity_by_Sara_Duresi.txt
Acrobat pdf file: www.asstr.org/files/Authors/Sara_Duresi/ Acidity_by_Sara_Duresi.pdf


- TURKISH DELIGHT

Simon has been happily married for a few years with Ruth.  
Things have been going well in spite of the fact that Simon is also a crossdresser named Jennifer.  Ruth knows about it and is fairly tollerant.However, she has decided to use their next vacation to Turkey for testing whether her husband's personality is stronger as Simon or Jennifer.She does all of this her own way, at her very own terms.  But at some point things start going out of control and the result is completely different than what she was expecting, both for Simon/Jennifer and for Ruth herself.I hope you enjoy this story and drop me a line with your comments.  Thanks.

Text file: www.asstr.org/files/Authors/Sara_Duresi/Turkish_Delight_by_Sara_Duresi.txt
Acrobat pdf file: www.asstr.org/files/Authors/Sara_Duresi/ Turkish_Delight_by_Sara_Duresi.pdf
