Ilene Jon and Tammy 

by
JSR

My name is Jon. My dad was an electronic engineer, and he taught me all about computers and what could be done with them. He put up wireless cameras at all the doors to the house and could monitor them from his computer. 

When I was 11, dad died of a massive heart attack. That just left my mom (Tammy), sister (Ilene age 9) and me. Mom had a job, and it was not to hard for us. I also made money mowing lawns, raking leaves etc. I tried to give the money to mom to help the family, but she refused to take it, saying that it was mine to use as I wanted.

At age 12, I was starting to go through puberty. I was looking at a Playboy Magazine one day and thought mom is better looking than some of these girls. After that, I started trying to see her undressed, but she was very modest, and the most I would see was a very small amount of cleavage. So I bought a new wireless camera, sneak into her room and put the camera where it could not be seen, but had a view of most of the room. Then I set up a directory on my computer to record everything that it picked up. I had however set it up with a motion detector so it did not record unless someone was in her room, and moving a little.

When mom came home from work that day, I went to my room to see what the camera would show. Mom was already in her room, and she striped down to her panties and bra. Then she disappeared into her bathroom. When she came out, she was nude. I was thrilled to see her that way, but I wanted to see her take off her bra and panties. She walked around her room straightening up things, and I saw her tits moving and swinging. I immediately realized that I would need another camera in her bed room to see everything, and also one in her bathroom. My computer was recording all her movements when she was in the area covered by the camera.  Her tits were quit large, more so than what they appeared when she was dressed.

The next day, I bought 2 more cameras, but it was the week end so I did not get to install them for a couple of days. In the mean time, I was getting good pictures of her walking around in her room.

On Monday, after mom left for work, I again sneaked back into her room and added the camera in her bed room. The two cameras would give me a complete view of her room. Then I went into her bathroom. I was able to put the camera where I would be able to see her in the shower, or on the stool. The sink was next to the stool, so I would also be able to see her wash up.

The two cameras in the bedroom, most of the time would show two views of her at one time. She undressed, and then went to her bathroom, I switched to that camera, just as she entered the bathroom. She then took off her bra, and then her panties. She went to the stool and sat down. I could see her muttering something, and decided that I would have to add a microphone so I could hear her. Next she went to the sink and washed her tits and pussy with a wash cloth. Her red pubic hair was very visible as she was turned facing the camera. Wow I said to myself, this is great. 

I started putting the shows on a back up drive each night before I went to bed, and deleted them from the computer, just in case someone started snooping on the computer. I also pass worded both the computer and the backup drive with different passwords.

On days that I had nothing to do, I would go watch the programs of mom. I then started editing the films taking out some of the parts where she was just walking in, and out when she was dressed. This kept me busy, and I really enjoyed seeing my mom nude. I wanted to add some narrative to some areas, so again sneaked into her room, and checked the size of her panties, her bra, and dresses. I then could say thing on the film like, there goes mom in her 36DD bra Mom is taking off her size 6 dress I felt that it made the films more sexy.

I kept this up for about 2 years, until I realized that my sister was developing her tits. She was age 12 now, so I decided that it was time to add cameras in her room and bathroom. These new cameras had build in mikes, so I had sound to start with. I had a harder time installing these, as she was home almost at the same times that I was. However one evening she went to a girlfriends house for the night. I told mom I was going up to my room to study, however I used that time to install the cameras in Ilene's room and bathroom. I also put dummy cameras in my room and bathroom. This way if one of them discovered my cameras, I could always say that dad had done it as there are cameras in my room as well.

When Ilene came home the next day, I was in my room (with the door locked) reviewing the latest input from mom's room, when I heard her enter her room. I immediately switched to the cameras in her room. 

As she crossed the room, she took off her blouse and threw it on the bed. Then she took off her skirt and let it drop to the floor. She was facing the camera when she took off her bra, and I could see that her tits were still very small, but I could tell they protruded from her chest a small amount. She then removed her panties, and she appeared not to have any pubic hair. If she did, it was not enough to show up on the camera. Her pussy lips were in plane view as she had her legs slightly spread.

Ilene went into her bathroom, and got into the shower. I watched as she washed her body, and then shampooed her hair. Then she started playing with her nipples and I could see her face getting flush. Next she started playing with her pussy, and sticking first one finger and then two fingers inside of it.

I was so horny that I had to jack off watching her. I could see her convulse a little and knew that she had an orgasm, but with the water running over her, I could not tell if she came, or not.

I watched as she dried herself off. She then went to her sink and started putting on makeup, still nude. 
Once she was finished she returned to her room, and pranced around nude like she was in a dance recital. It was very erotic, and I came again twice watching her, without even touching my cock.

She remained nude until mom called us to lunch. I watched her dress, and waited until she left her room before I left my room. In the hall, I said Hi, sexy. She said, what would a nerd like you know about a girl being sexy? I just smiled at her and let the snide remark go.

Mom told up that she wanted us to stay at the table after we finished lunch, as she had something to discuss with us.

After mom cleared the table, she sat back down and said; now that the two of you are old enough, I think that it is about time I started spending some time with men of my age. Do either of you have a problem with that? Ilene said; Gee mom, do you mean that you are going to start dating?

She answered; I guess that is what it would be called, but I need to know that I can trust both of you if I do. I ask; Has anyone ask you for a date? Yes, she said, in the 5 years since you father died, I have been ask out many times. I have always refused because the two of you needed me. Now you are becoming young adults, I feel that I should try to continue my life.

Ilene and I both said; good for you mom, you need to enjoy yourself. Mom then said; If I do start dating, this is the way things here are going to be; First, on evenings that I am out, you will both be here, and with no one over. Second, Jon will be in charge, which means that you, Ilene, will do what he tells you, with no back talk. Three, You will both be in bed no later than 10pm. Any questions?

Ilene said; why is Jon to be in charge? Mon answered because he is the oldest. Ilene started to say something, and mom shut her up by saying, that is not negotiable, Jon will be in charge, period.

I ask; if you go out on a Friday or Saturday evening, then we will not be able to go out, I do not think that that would be fair to either of us. Mom said, I see your point, but lets try this a few times, then if I think I can trust both of you, then the rules may change a little, is that all right? We both agreed that we would try it and see how it worked.

I headed back to my room, and as I put my hand on the door knob, Ilene took hold of my other hand, and put her finger to her mouth in a motion to indicate not to say anything, and lead me to her room. Once inside and the door was closed, she sat on the bed and indicated for me to sit next to her. I ask what's up? She quietly said, have you any idea whats happening with mom? I looked into her eyes and could see that she was troubled, and said very quietly I think that mom is horny and needs to be fucked. Ilene's got a surprised look on her face and said I had not thought about that. I said; I know she still misses dad, but she is still human and need a dick now and then.

Ilene said The way you talk I cut her off and said; I get horny, you get horny, you think that mom does not? Look at how she is build, if you develop like her, all the guys will be after you. She must get hit upon several times a day. But she was thinking about us and dad. Now it is time for her to start living for herself again.

Ilene then ask; do you think that she would go to bed with a man then? Mom is a woman, with the needs of a woman, Yes, if she finds someone she likes, it won't take long to get a dick inside of her pussy. Ilene was getting a little flustered, and I was deliberately being crude to try to excite her.

I ask; If your dream boat put his hands on your tits, would you let him? She smiled and nodded yes. I then ask if he put his hands between your legs and rubbed your clit, would you let him? Again she nodded yes. If he put his cock in your mouth would you give him a blow job? Or if he put his cock into your pussy would you let him fuck you? She gave a sheepish grin and nodded yes.

I then said; why don't you think that mom would do the same if she found someone she liked? I guess you are right, she answered, but do you have to be so crude about it? I answered; I said most boys/men talk that way, and a lot of girls you know do also. I never hear people talk that way, she said. That is because you have a reputation of being a 'goody two shoes' and no one wants to upset you. Even the boys who want to get into your pants, are trying to empress you, so they do not talk like they do to other girls.

I went one step further, and said; If you were not my sister, I would be talking to you this way all the time, when adults were not around. She answered, being your sister means that much? I said, havent you heard that there are laws about incest? So what? she said.

I then decided to see just how much she would take, so I took both hands and put them on her tits. She just sat there without moving, so I started squeezing them a little, and she smiled. I ask, are you enjoying what I am doing? Yes, dreamboat, she answered. I ask, I am your dreamboat? She said, I have always looked up to you, and I have wanted you ever since I learned what sex was about.

I started unbuttoning her blouse, and she said; wait until mom is not home, then we can do what ever we want to. All right I said, after that I need to jack off. She said can I watch? I answered wait until mom is not home then we can do what ever we want. I then went to the door, and listened to make sure mom was not in the hall. Then went to my room.

Ilene had made me very horny, so I jacked off. Then I looked at the film of us in her bedroom, just to make sure I had not been dreaming. My cock was just getting back to normal size, when mom called for me. I cleaned up my cum, and went to her room. I knocked and she said come in.

She was setting on the bed with her back against the headboard, and her legs out in front of her. She indicated for me to set beside her. Once I was comfortable, she ask, What were you and Ilene talking about? I said, she had some questions about why you would want to start dating, and I tried to answer them for her. What exactly did you say? I told her that adults like to be with people their own age, just like we like to be with people our age. I said, that we could not know a lot of things that older people know, and therefore could not converse with them as equals. I also told her that dad would always be in your heart, even if you were to get married again, sometime.

You did not say or do anything inappropriate? No, after all she is my sister. Mom then said, You are so much like your dad, that it scares me sometimes. I said; I will take that as a complement, but it almost sounded like a dig. It was both, she answered, someday I will tell you what I meant by it.

She then leaned over and lightly kissed me on the lips, while her hand laid in my lap. I could feel her putting a little pressure on my cock, when she got up and said Thats all I wanted to know, you can go back to your computer now.

A couple of weeks later, mom had her first date. Ilene helped her get dressed, while I watched on the video stream. Just before they were ready to come out, I went to the living room, and turned the TV on. When mom got to the living room, I looked at her and said, Wow, you look beautiful, I could eat you right up. Mom looked at me and said; Promises promises and then laughed. 

When her date showed up, she introduced us to Robert, and said that they might be late, so be in bed by 10pm. She kissed us goodby and they left.

I went to my room and put my sweat's on. I started to look at the video of mom dressing, but decided to go watch TV. 

I was sitting on the couch, and had just turned on a western movie, when Ilene came in with her pajamas on, and sat as close to me as she could get. I looked at her with a question on my face. She said mom is not home and it is time. I ask, time for what? With that, she unbuttoned her pajama top, and took it off. She turned facing me and said, Dreamboat, do with me what you wish.

I stretched out on the couch and put my head in her lap. I pulled her head down and kissed her lightly on the lips, and then reached up and took a nipple in each hand. I used my thumbs and forefingers to squeeze her nipples and roll them. Her breathing immediately became heaver. I pulled on her nipples until her head was again down far enough that I could kiss her again. This time I used my tongue to open her mouth and started french kissing her while I kept pulling on her nipples. She was kissing me back, like she was starved for affection. While she was bent over me, and lip locked to me she put her hand inside of my sweat's and took hold of my cock. I immediately became hard. I then told her that she should give me a blow job. She said, I have heard of that, but I do not know how, teach me?

I told her to get up and take all of her remaining clothing off, and I took off my sweat's. Now we were both nude together for the first time since I was 7 years old. I said, we will do a 69. She said I thought that you were going to teach me to give a blow job. I said, a blow job is  of a 69. You lay on me so that you can put my cock into your mouth. Then you gently suck on it and use your tongue on it like a lollypop. Your pussy will be over my mouth, and I will eat you, while you are sucking my cock.

I let her get started first, giving her a few instructions, then I put my mouth on her pussy and started sucking, and using my tongue to lick her slit, making sure that I hit her clit on the upstroke. On the down stroke, I would put my tongue into her fuck hole. Then start over again. I did tell her that when I started cumming, she was to swallow all my cum.

It did not take long before I was ready to cum, but I held off for as long as I could. About the time I could not hold it any longer, she had her first orgasm, and I let my cum go. She swallowed as much as she could, but about half dribbled out of her mouth onto me. Her cum was not very much and I licked it up with my tongue. It tasted a little salty and sweet at the same time.

Once Ilene had pulled my cock out of her mouth I told her to clean up all the spilled cum with her tongue, and swallow it, which she did. Once she had my crotch cleaned up, she said that she had, just had her first ever orgasm, and hoped that I could give her more of them.

I ask her if she was on the pill yet, and she told me that mom had an appointment for her with the Dr. next week, just for that. I ask, why? and she said, Mom told me it was just a precaution in case something happened. I ask, she thinks you are having sex, then? Ilene then said, No, she said I should go on it, so that if things got out of hand, and I had sex, or got raped, I would be safe from having a baby. I ask her about condoms, and she answered that they would help stop STD's, but were unreliable to stop pregnancies, as they could break, or be forgotten.

I said, Oh, ok. Ilene then ask, why are you concerned? We haven't done anything that would get me pregnant. I answered, between you and mom, I am not sure which one I would like to fuck the most. You mean that you would fuck mom? Why? I answered, Mom is very sexy, however I doubt that the chance will ever arise. However unless you did not mean what you told me, I will be fucking you as soon as you are safe on the pill.

Ilene then said, I am ready to take my chances of getting pregnant, if you want to fuck me now. I answered, do you want to finish high school? If not, then get ready to be fucked, if you want to finish high school, which I suggest you do, then go set in a chair. She thought about it for a few minutes, and then went and sat in a chair across the room from me. She said, I really would like to finish school. I said, That all right, so do I. We can still have fun with blow jobs and 69's until you are safe. Besides, mom would kill me if she even knew what we just did. I do not want you to get into trouble. You only have mom, but I can move out if I have to and get a job.

She said, I do not believe that mom would kick either of us out, but why take a chance, when it is not necessary.

At 10pm I told Ilene that we should go to bed, as mom requested. She went to her room and I to mine. About 1030, I heard mom open the door. A couple of minutes later I heard Ilene's door open and then close, and seconds later my door was opened. I saw mom peek in and then close the door. I quietly got out of bed and looked at the feed from the camera's in her room. She was alone, and followed her usual routine, so I went back to bed.

In the morning, I got up and went to the kitchen. Mom was there fixing breakfast. Ilene was still in her room, sleeping I would imagine. I ask mom how her date went. She said that they had went to dinner and had spent the evening at the restaurant talking. I ask, if it was anyone that I knew? She said, No it was someone from work. I ask are you going to see him again? She said, You sound just like your father, and it is none of your business if I do or not. I said, I meant no offense, mom, I just want to see you happy. Sorry I snapped at you, I appreciate your interest. Now go get your sister up so we can eat breakfast before it gets cold.

I opened Ilene's door without knocking, and found she was just getting up. When she saw me she took off her pajamas, and walked over to me and started to open my fly, and I said, very softly, not now mom sent me up to get you to the table, for breakfast, so put your pj's back on. I waited until she had put them on and we went down together.

When we entered the kitchen, Ilene had her arm around me, and mom said, Well aren't you two lovey this morning. I said, She is a pest at times, but she is my sister. Ilene said, Big brothers are ok, sometimes.

After breakfast, we were sitting and drinking coffee. After about the third cup of coffee, mom said, Ok, now I will answer the question about last night.

Ilene ask, Who did you see last night? Anyone we know? Mom said, you do not know him, his name is Joseph Barrington, and I work with him. He is a year older than I am, and he has been divorced for 3 years. Next question. I ask, does he know about us? Yes, and it scares him to death to think that I have 2 kids. Why would he be scared of you having kids? The only thing I know about that is that he said kids were the cause of his divorce. 

I said, I think that you should find out just what happened, getting to close to a man who admits that kids caused a divorce, and then dating a woman with 2 kids, could be a disaster. Ilene chimed in and said, I second that motion. Mom said, I intend to find out. If he won't tell me, when we meet next week, then I will not see him again. If he does tell me, then I will make a decision then about whether to see him again or not.

 I said, One thing you seem to have forgotten, mom, is that Friday is Ilene's 14th birthday. Don't you think that you should be home for that? You could reschedule your date for Saturday. Mom said, better yet, we will invite Joseph here for her party. That will give me an opening to ask about the kids and his divorce. Ilene said, great, then we can meet him also, and see what we think of him before you get to far along.

The day of Ilene's party came. She had 6 couples from school showed up, along with me and mom, and after the party was going good, Joseph showed up (late). Mom introduced him to everyone. When he was introduced to Ilene, I saw that he scowled at her, and when he was introduced to me, he muttered something that sounded like 'motherfucker', but I did not say anything. After a few minute mom told me to take charge of the party and she and Joseph went into the living room, to talk. About an hour later, I saw Joseph drive away, and shortly mom came out with tears in her eyes. I ask what happened, but she said, not now, later. I put my arm around her and hugged her. I said, cheer up, you know that Ilene and I love you.

After the party broke up, Ilene came over to where mom and I were setting, and kissed me on the lips. She said, Thank you brother, for making my party a success. All my girlfriends think that you are dreamy, and so do I. She then turned to mom and said, Lets go inside and you can tell us what you found out, but for my money he was a creep.

Inside, mom ask me what I thought of Joseph. I said, First impressions are sometimes false, but when you introduced him to Ilene, he frowned like he had a bitter taste in his mouth. When you introduced him to me, I heard him under his breath, say something that sounded like 'motherfucker'. Those two things left a bad taste in my mouth. Did you find out anything?

Yes, she said, It seems that his kids found out that he was sleeping around, and told his wife. She then said if he can do it, then so can I. She then had the kids drop hints that she would not be alone one night, and he came in and caught her in bed with his best friend. Instead of blaming himself, he blamed the kids, saying if they had kept out of it he would still be married. That's when I ask him to leave.
Both Ilene and I then said, great move mom.


Mom started crying, and I reached over and put my arm around her and pulled her close. In doing so, my hand landed on her right tit. I started to move it and she put her hand up and held mine to her tit. She cried for a few minutes, and then looked at both of us, and said; Ilene would you think less of me if I ask Jon to take your fathers place in my heart and bed? Ilene got a shocked look on her face and then said, Mom, I would only object if you said I had to give him up. I love him too, and want to have his baby. I also think that he has enough love for both of us, and we could share him, otherwise I think I would have to find another place to live.

Mom said to me, I think it is about time that you showed your private video collection to Ilene and me. I said, What are you talking about? 

She said, I knew the first day that you put the camera in my bedroom, then the bathroom. You added a second one in my bedroom. And about a year later you did the same in Ilene's room and bathroom. Your dad was planning on doing that himself, as well as in your room. I am not mad at you, it was very inventive, but you did not put things away like I had them and I knew something was going on, so I waited until you were gone, went into your room and checked your computer. You see your dad also taught me how to use computers also.

Ilene said, You have been spying on me and mom? I said, Mom you surprise me, and yes Ilene, I did. I love you both and needed to see all of you that I could, please do not hate me for it, but I will leave here if you both want me to. Ilene said, I tricked you into playing with me so I guess we are even. Mom said, I really do want you to take your fathers place, even to the point of having your child if I should get pregnant.

Ilene said, Mom, let both of us move into your bedroom. I love him too, and after I finish school, I want to have his baby also. None of the boys at school turn me on like Jon does, and to answer your next question, NO we have not fucked, we were waiting until the Dr. put me on birth control pills.

I ask mom, what about the incest factor? Aren't you afraid of that? I certainly don't want trouble with the law. Her answer was if we do not tell anyone, then no one will know. If I get pregnant, I will just say that it was one of the men I was dating, but I do not know which one. But that will give you a rep of being a slut, no way do I want that. 

After you both graduate, we will move a couple of states away, where no one know us. That is what your father and I did. Ilene said, mom, I think that statement needs explaining. I guess this is the time I tell you the truth about your dad and I. I loved your dad from the moment that I was born. You see he was my brother. When I graduated from high school, I was not quite 18, and your father was 20. I was a month pregnant, with his baby (Jon), and when mom and dad found out, they threw us both out of the house. That is why you have never seen or heard of your grandparents. You only have one set, where all your friends have two sets. Now it is my turn to ask you to forgive me and your father. Jon, in you I see your father, and since he died, I have hoped that you would someday like me enough to take his place. That is why I never dated until now, and this was a test to see how you two would react to the truth about our family.

I said, Out in pubic, you will still be Mom, but here at home, from now on I shall call you Tammy, as my father did. I love you and if you have my baby then I will be in heaven. Ilene said, I agree with Jon, and I will also call you Tammy at home, and I will honor my fathers memory by having Jon's babies, after I get out of school.

Tammy then said; it is settled then, Jon will sleep with me, until Ilene is safe from pregnancies, and then he will take turns sleeping with both of us. Ilene, my bed is not big enough for all three of us, or else we would all sleep together, I hope you understand, and can also wait until graduation to get pregnant.


That all happened 6 years ago. In my senior year, mom had a beautiful baby boy, and the year Ilene graduated, mom had a little girl, both were my children. At her graduation, Ilene was two months pregnant. After we moved to our new town, Ilene and I were married, and she gave birth to twins, a boy and a girl. Last year, mom died giving birth to our second daughter, who is a healthy youngster. Ilene is now pregnant again. The Dr. told her that it appears to be triplets. We of course are raising all the children as our own. I hope that each of them finds the love of their lives as easily as I did.


Comments and suggestions are always welcome:

storytellerxxx5@gmail.com
