This is story of my second experience. I hope you like it.

After having my first intercourse with Sagar, we came much closer than we were ever. Now while travelling in bus, We used to sit together. At times, I would secretly slip my hand on the top of his pants, and seduce him by grabbing his tool. He would start to moan silently, but that's the only thing that poor guy could do. In my school, I told my best friend, Prachi about my first experience. She wanted to hear it in detail, but in school there was sever lack of privacy off course, and then the time was only limited. So we decided to talk about it at her home. She lived about 2 KMs away from my home so it was feasible for me to go anytime. Also, her both parents worked, and her elder brother was in different city doing his job. Hence she was alone in day time on working days. So we had a lot of privacy there.
On same day after school, I went to her place at about 2:00 PM after my lunch. After reaching there, she was excited to hear all about my first experience. She was not a virgin, but her boyfriend ditched her for another girl, so she was not dating anyone anyway. I told her how it all went, and as she was a part of group of my dance competition earlier, she knew Sagar as my dancing partner. She directly said "I am already feeling wet. You had such an experience I can only dream of". We both laughed on that. She further said and hesitated "Hey, Are you.....". I asked "I am what..?" she said "its nothing". I told her "Comeon, we are besties, don't hesitate and just say it". She said "Okay, I guess. I was thinking if you would like to try sex...with me" I was shocked at first, but then she said "Its really a crappy idea. Leave it". I said "Darling, If you would have been a guy, I would not wait a second, but you are not. How can we do that anyway". She said "I was thinking of sex how lesbians do". I was further shocked and asked her after a couple of seconds "Are you....Lesbian". She said" Noooo, you are crazy...I am not lesbian. Its just I am turned on like hell and I don't mind even making out with my best friend if that can satisfy it ". By now, I was getting her point, as she was not the only one who was feeling turned on and wet. While remembering all those scenes and talking to her about it, even I was getting turned on, and by this act of her, I was totally wet. I told her "Will that be right if we do that, given the fact that we both are straight in sexual orientation". She said "We are besties so I guess that's all upto us ...". Then I said "I am feeling horny too you know, I guess you are right." The moment I said that, she almost jumped on me, and started kissing me wildly. Since I was horny, I started kissing her back and not much later, we were smooching. We were gently rubbing our bodies, and then She took off my top, and the bra. Then she did that to hers, and we were rubbing our boobs. After about 10 minutes making out in that way, she stopped and sat next to me. We both were breathing heavily. Then she said, "I wish you were a guy, I want to feel a dick inside me so much ..." I said "Yeah tell me about it. It's the same thing I am feeling. The urge to have it inside me ". She then said "Hey, why don't you call that Sagar over. I think he will be glad to enter his dick inside two beauties". Her idea was, good, but I was not sure if Sarag will be fine with the idea. I shared my mind with her "I am not sure if he will be comfortable with this idea. He knows me quite well and he opened up with me, before we had it. But he hardly knows you." She said "Okay so we wont tell him directly. Lets call him over for some other reason, and then we will seduce him together. If he react in favourable way, we can both have it with him. If not, he wont tell anybody anyway, as he likes you and cant afford to loose you". I replied "I guess you are right" 

As per the plan, I called his phone. He picked up. I told him that "we need some help with computer its not working properly, (he was bit techy) so please come over". He didn't know the address so I explained it to him. He said he will be there in 15. I told Prachi about it. She said "If he is coming, lets prepare to seduce him the same way you seduced him for the first time. So lets change"
Now Prachi was though, a bit short in height. She had perfect figure. She had bright skin, as bright as mine, and she was pretty too. We changed clothes, She had a short which was fit for me so I changed into it. She wore a frock, which was short on legs, upto laps only. Then after 10 minutes, he came by. We opened the door and he was in. We took him to computer, Prachi had a corrupted disc, she handed it over and said that we need to access this disc but its not working. I was thinking by the time how to manage the situation, but I guess prachi had it covered. He tried and spend about 10 minutes, but it was a failed attempt anyway and then he said that the disc cant be used. He made a sad face. Then I asked him, okay leave it. We are getting bore so come over and sit with us anyway. All the three of us went to Sofa, in front of TV, and sat there. There was some movie being played on the TV but that was just a background for what was actually doing on.
I sat on right of Sagar, and Prachi sat on left, so naturally, He was in between us. Then I shifted towards him, and held his right arm with my both hands, as if he was my boyfriend. He kind of blushed him. Then I started rubbing his feet with mine. Now he was getting turned on, but he just kept blushing. Then Prachi kept her one foot over his foot and started rubbing it. His face turned with an expression of surprise. Then he started blushing again silently. It was a go signal for both of us. He was not uncomfortable, at least not in a negative way. Then prachi shifted towards him, and held his left hand just as I held his right. He was now getting turned on which could be seen by the outline of his penis through his pant. Then Prachi said "Your item is really cute. I am jealous that you had first experience with him." Sagar knew by then that she knew about our first experience. He kind of blushed and acted as he didn't understand. I said, "It was really amazing. Do you want to see what I had inside in my first time" She said "yes". Sagar was now in total shock and said "Hey whats going on ?" I kept one of my hand on his lip and said, "we are seniors so you will let us do whatever we want. You are here to help us and we are taking that help. So be quite". He didn't resist...
Then I told prachi "You want to take it out" She said "With Pleasure". Then she removed his belt, and started unbuttoning his pant. He moaned out loud on that. I left my hand from his lips, and started to help prachi remove his pant. He was silent, his eyes were closed. Soon, His pant was off. Then we started rubbing his legs with ours. His right leg was under my leg, and his left, was under prachi's. Then prachi placed her hand inside his underwear and started to shake his tool.. He was now moaning louder and faster "Ummmm hmmmmm aahmmmmm ummmm". Then I started to take off his shirt, by unbuttoning it. Soon, I took it out and threw it off. Then he was in just under garments. He then said "This is unfair, you have removed all of my clothes but both of you are still in your clothes". Seemed like he was now getting into it. Prachi said "His dick is hardening. Looks like our little member is getting excited" and she squeezed it tightly on which Sagar moaned "aaaaah".
Then I said "Okay, let's make it fair. Let's remove our clothes." We both stood up in front of where Sagar was sitting. I held the bottom of her top, and she held mine. Then we both took off each other's top. Then we started kissing each other as we were doing earlier before calling Sagar. Sagar was watching it and was getting more excited, so he stood, and Prachi Kicked him politely, to make him sit back. Then I removed my short and Prachi had a frock that I already removed so we both were just in Bra and panties now. Then we sat down on floor, on either side of Sagar. I pulled down his underwear, and prachi removed his upperwear at the same time. Then I took his fully erected dick in my hands, Squeezed it and started to lick the top, Prachi held his balls and while squeezing them, she was sucking the brown nipples of the guy. His entire body was shaking out of urge to fuck. And I was teasing him by slowly licking his penis. Then Prachi came down, and took grab of his dick, asking me to leave the hold. Then I Went up, and I sat next to him. I grabbed his head holding him from his hairs, and brought his lips to mine. Then I started to kiss him madly. I was thinking I was in control when he suddenly grabbed my head and started madly kissing me, smocking me, and was not even letting be breathe for some time. It was like he was forcefully raping my lips, but I was enjoying it at the same time. Then with his another hand, he grabbed head of Prachi, brought it closer to his own dick, and started pushing his dick inside her throat. He was taking blow job from Prachi wildly and was smooching me madly. Then he left me, sat down on floor and started smooching Prachi wildly and then pushed her to lie on the floor. Then he lied over her, took off her BRA, and started sucking her nipples. At the same time, he slipped his hands in her panty and started to enter his finger in her. I was just watching but was also feeling the urgent need. Then he asked me to come on the other side, and I did. Then he held my hand, brought me down, and placed his another hand on my panty. He was teasing me by not entering his finger inside but just massaging my pussy. Then he stoped, sat, and took of panty of Prachi. Then he turned her around, and started to put his dick over her ass. I was surprised the way he was taking the lead. Then he placed his dick over Prachi's ass hole and started entering it while prachi was yelling out of pain. He grabbed my hand and pulled me towards him and placed his finger my panty again. Soon, he slipped it inside and started fingering. Also, he was hoping his dick inside out on asshole of Prachi and prachi was enjoying it but was also bearing a lot of pain. I swear I never seen a person hop like that over somebody till that day. He was fucking her in doggy style. Then after about 20 minutes of doing it, he came. He cummed inside her ass directly. Then he stopped, but my urge was getting higher. So I asked Prachi that its my turn now. She said "No I am not letting him go he feels amazing, lets go to my bedroom". After 2 minutes, all three of us went to her bedroom. There, Sagar pushed me on bed. Lied over me, and started to kiss me madly and also started to hit his penis over my panty. We were lying in mercenary position. Then prachi was standing right beside him, pulled down my panty. I felt so amazing when that happened. Then she came near Sagar's dick, and started to guide it inside my pussy. I felt amazing and the feeling I cant even explain. Then Sagar stopped kissing me and started licking my neck when he was entering his dick inside my hole as well. Then he started to fuck me beyond my expectations. I was suffering a lot of pain, and excitement at the same time due to his speed and attraction. Then Prachi said let me pleasure too. I asked her to come near me, and she did. I pulled her hand and made her sit over the bed. Then I Placed my hand over her pussy and slipped my fingers inside it, and started rubbing the insides. At this time, Sagar was already fucking me hard. I started breathing heavily and so did he. Then Prachi too started breathing heavily and her pussy was totally wet, I could feel it. In some time, I came out, I cummed when his dick was inside me and I asked him to stop. He did stop, but he wasn't completed yet. So he immediately grabbed legs of Prachi and pulled her down to bed. Then he went over her and entered his dick inside her pussy. Again, he was in mercenary position with her. He started drilling inside her pussy and I was just lying there watching these two. But He suddenly grabbed my right boob with his left hand, and started squeezing them. Then he once again came out, after about 10 minutes, and was almost to stop but Prachi said, "Don't stop I am coming" and he continued. After about just 3-4 strokes, she came out as well. Then he kept his dick inside her, and kept licking her boobs. Then he left her after couple of minutes, and lied in between us. We were just lying there, breathing heavily for couple of minutes. He suddenly placed one of his hand on my pussy, the other on her's. And then he slipped his middle finger inside. I grabbed his penis, while Prachi grabbed his legs with her's and started kissing him. After about half an hour, she said that It was the best experience ever but her parents would be back soon. Then we got up, dressed, I and Sagar helped arrange her home back to normal. Then he said that He has to leave, but he will like to have sex soon. But I told him the bad news, "I am going to Delhi, Noida as my father is being transferred. So after the exams I will leave, And since it is just 2 weeks left for that, We won't be able to hang out like that anymore." Sagar made a sad face but prachi smiled and said "That means I have all of sagar for myself now" Sagar smiled on that, and then he left. Prachi told me "He is cute. It was the best day of my life." Then we lied for some time. I had to leave then, so I went to her, said that I have to leave, suddenly kissed her on her lips...well that came out of no where, but then I left.
Since then, I never had sex with any of them, however we talked couple of times. Prachi is no more in contact with me, but Sagar is and I am sure he is as excited to get laid with me as I am with him. Though Sagar was the best and I want him again, I had more experiences. The next one was after I came to Noida. But that story is for any another day. Do write to me at my email : trishakhare17@gmail.com and add me on Facebook. 
