Buddy's Mom (C)

(1st,mF,cheat,mother,mast,cons,solomast,mf)

CHAPTER ONE

We had been swimming all day at the Westwood Pool, and were waiting for Buddy's mom to pick us up in the parking lot. It's a bitch being fifteen and having to catch a ride, but it was better than staying home or riding the bus. I had never met his mom, but expected she would look like everybody else's mom, sort of like the lady on the cake mix box. Was I wrong!

"Here she comes,' Buddy said.

I couldn't believe my eyes. Here in a 1956 restored white Ford convertible was the most luscious woman I had ever imagined. She had a blonde pony tail and was wearing a white pleated skirt and a red jersey halter that cradled her delicious ripe boobs like a pair of eager hands. The red leather seats really set off her white skirt.

Buddy and Paul jumped into the back seat, leaving me riding shotgun with his mom. She introduced herself and asked how the others knew me. I explained that I was transferring into their prep school, and had met them at orientation on the last day of class. 

She asked all the usual polite questions about where I lived and why I was transferring to Westgate Academy. I explained that my dad had high hopes for me, and wanted me to be in a good college prep program, even if it was across town.

During our chat, my eyes kept being drawn to those long tan legs that seemed to peek further out of her skirt as the air blew on it. Better yet was the hint of two perky nipples poking through her halter. Her white sandals showed off her red painted toenails, and made her toes look good enough to suck on. She seemed totally unaware of the view I was enjoying, but my hard-on poked up through my shorts so far that I threw a towel over my lap to hide it. The trip to Buddy's house was only twenty minutes, but it was torture for me.

His mom explained that the boys were being taken to a ball game by their fathers, so she had to drop them off first before taking me home on the other side of town. When we pulled up in front of Buddy's house, they jumped out, yelling behind them as they ran, 

"Later."

Buddy's mom jumped out of the car to get something from the house before driving me home, and I thoroughly enjoyed the view as her skirt slip up as she left the car. When she got back in, the show was repeated, and I thought I would about burst at the sight of the flash of her thighs. I kept the towel in place in my lap, hoping she wouldn't see the tent in my shorts.

It was a thirty minute drive to my house, and we chatted along as we went. I finally broke down and asked Mrs. Morgan her how the mom of a kid like Buddy could be so young, I would guess about thirty. 

She told me that Mrs. Morgan was her mother-in-law, and that I should just call her Laura. She explained that she had married Buddy's dad after his mother had died four years ago, and was "a little younger" than her husband, Jack. I suspected that "a little" was an understatement. He was an investment advisor, and traveled all over the country to meet with clients. 

As we drove along, the air became cooler, and I became hotter, watching her nipples extend and bulge the fabric of her halter. She also allowed her skirt to blow up from the floor vent air, and I began to wonder whether she was coming on to me. She was very animated in her conversation, and from time to time would pat me on the arm and thigh to make a point. I was going nearly crazy with lust for this lady, who was twice my age.

When we pulled into the circular drive in front of my house, she noticed that no one seemed to be home and that she had hoped to meet my parents. I explained that they were on an overseas trip for two months, and that I was "batching" it on my own. 

She gave me a little smile and asked why the towel was in my lap. I almost shit a brick. I was busted.

At that, she grabbed the end nearest her and pulled it off.

"Oh, My!" she said, "You are really a big boy!" I turned bright red and apologized about my condition, but she shushed me quickly. 

"Please don't worry. Do you think I'm attractive, then?" 

"Huh?" I stammered. "Oh, yeah! You are one very foxy lady."
 
She took off her seat belt and slid over toward me, wrapping her fingers around my protruding cock. When she squeezed it, I gritted my teeth and tried to hold back an orgasm.

"You know," she said, "I'll bet you are going to go into the house and jerk off, aren't you?" 

I blushed again, Yeah, I guess so." 

"Why wait," she asked, "I'd love to see you do it right here. This is a very private place, and no one could possibly see you. Now let's see that beautiful cock of yours."

I didn't know what to say, but willingly slid down my trunks to expose the hardest cock I had ever had in my life. "I'll give you a hand," she said, "and began slowing stroking my cock with her right hand." As she stroked me, she loosened her halter so that the curve of her breasts was fully visible. When her nipple appeared, I lost it, and squirted three times over a foot in the air. All she said was, "That's a good boy."

"It was really nice to meet you, Tim, I hope you will come to visit often. I can always drive you home, you know. I'll bet we can have a lot of fun together"

That was a promise of things to come that made my head buzz. "Sounds good to me. Hope it's real soon."

"Why not come over to our place on Thursday? You can play tennis with us, and have a swim in our lap pool and stay for a cookout. Of course, I'll be more than happy to drive you home. Especially since your folks are away.

CHAPTER TWO

Thursday came much too late for me. I really liked Buddy and Paul, but Buddy's mom was unbelievably gorgeous.

I took the cross-town bus to their house, and hadn't realized that they had a tennis court on the back lawn. Buddy and Paul were already volleying, and motioned to me to join them as I walked around the house. Whether the three of us would play a round robin, or two on one, I didn't know, but I was ready to play. 
 
My question was answered when Buddy's mom came out of the house in a tennis outfit. How sports clothes can be so intensely erotic, I have no idea, but that very, very short skirt with matching white panties and a close fitting top were enough to stir my senses. Even the sports bra didn't hide her curves. When she bent over to pick up a ball to serve, I almost lost it. I hadn't had a good look at her ass the other day, but I sure got a show now. The skin-tight panties accentuated every curve, and they were luscious curves.

After the game, she asked if anyone would like a dip in the pool. I had brought my trunks and the three of us went into the house to change. In a few minutes, we were all in the pool. It wasn't as large as the one at Westwood, but was really refreshing. What I didn't expect, was that Buddy's sister, Leah, would be joining us.

She looked about thirteen, going on twenty-five. Her tits weren't as big as her mom's, but they looked firm and full bulging out of her white bikini. There wasn't an ounce of fat on her, and she was the kind of girl that bikinis are made for.

She introduced herself to me, and told me that any friend of Buddy's was a friend of hers. That worked for me, I could use all the young, sexy friends I could get. As we played around in the pool, I could get a good view down her bra top, almost to the nipples. It was enough to get me hard again, but the cool water helped bring it down.

I did a few laps of butterfly to wind down, and joined the others to change for dinner.  

Jack's dad was out of town on business, so the five of us had a cookout. Leah was going to a sleepover with friends, and Buddy was off to Paul's house for the night. It looked like Buddy's mom would have to drive me home alone, still in her tennis outfit. I could hardly wait!

She didn't seem at all uneasy at the two of us being together, and asked about my folks. I told her that my dad worked for a large engineering company, and had taken my mom to Europe on a business trip, that they were prolonging for some vacation time.

Once again, she found some way to stroke my bare thigh, without being obvious and it seemed totally natural. When we got to my place, she asked if she could come in and see it. "No problem," I said, "It's really a totally awesome house."

The house was a rambling stone contemporary ranch style with few windows in front, but huge ones looking out to the back lawn.  As we walked through, she was very complimentary, and seemed to love the layout, especially the den, which looked over the well groomed yard. There was a huge leather sofa facing the windows, and she plopped down on one end. 

"Could you get me a beer?" she asked. "Join me if you like."

Would I ever! I hustled back with two long neck Heinekens, and sat on the opposite end of the couch. 

She had tossed back a couple at home during dinner, and seemed to be very relaxed at the situation. I, on the other hand, was getting tenser by the minute, and she squirmed around to face me with her back against the couch's armrest. I did the same on my end, and we sat facing each other.

"Do you still think I'm attractive?" she asked. 

"Oh man," I replied, "you are one stone fox."
She smiled at me, and let her knees drift slowly apart. I don't know when or how it had happened, but her tennis panties were nowhere to be seen.

"Haven't you ever seen a pussy before?"

"Only in pictures" She spread her knees wider and said, "This is no picture, it's the real thing." My shorts were almost ripped open by my cock stiffening, "Whoa", I said. "You sure beat anything I have ever seen in any picture."

"Why don't you slip your shorts off?"

It took only a second, and there I sat facing her with my pole fully extended. She stretched out one leg and caressed it with her foot, which nearly made me cum on the spot.

"I thought it was only fair that I should pay you back for the show you gave me last time. I don't know if you realize  that girls masturbate, too."

I had seen some porn videos of girls fingering themselves, but never in real life. Her right hand dropped down to her crotch, and she started sliding it up and down in her slit. The juices must have come immediately, since I could hear the faint slurping noises as she pleasured herself.

"I'll bet you'd like to stick your cock in here wouldn't you? That would be fun, but it isn't time yet. Let's just enjoy the moment"

As she continued, I started stroking my cock with slow, even motions, enjoying my own private porn show.

As she stroked, she kept crooning,

"I don't know what's come over me. You just turn me on so much. What a beautiful cock you have. It's so long and smooth and young. It's a far cry from Jack's wrinkled old hairy pecker. He's so old, I hardly even get a chance to see it."

"Oh my God, such a cock. I can just feel it inside me thrusting in and out. I'm getting so hot I can barely stand it. Rmmmmmmmmmh! I think I'm cumming. Oh, God, yes!" 

When her finger disappeared into her cunt, it was too much to take, and I shot off in streams onto the couch. "Want a taste?" she asked, and slid over and stuck her middle finger in my mouth. When I sucked on it, the taste was both sweet and pungent, and I savored the flavors. 

"Want to feel my tits?" 

She slipped her top over her head to expose those gorgeous breasts. I had only peeked at before in the car.

What a silly question.

I reached up and kneaded both glorious globes, and lightly pinched both nipples. As if on command, they both stood up proudly. 

"Suck them?" 

What a question! I pulled one after the other into my greedy mouth, and pulled at them with my lips. 

"Ohhhhh, my," she murmured, "That feels really nice. You really know all the tricks to make a woman feel special."

I didn't really know anything, except that she had me totally under her control. It wasn't so much that I wanted to please her, but that I couldn't help myself.

She dressed and went out to the kitchen to get a paper towel to clean up the sofa. I was pissed that the game was over, but was in no condition to continue, after blowing my load on the couch.

"I really have to go now," she said, but I hope we can get together again soon." 

I watched her as she climbed into the car and drove away.

It would never be too soon for me.


CHAPTER 3

As Laura Morgan drove home and arrived at the empty house, she was puzzled. 

"What has come over me? That kid is about Buddy's age."

She had never, ever, had thoughts about young boys, but she couldn't keep Tim out of her mind. She walked upstairs slowly, and with strange feelings. She slipped off her tennis outfit and stepped into the shower, and felt the warm water caress her body. 

Rubbing her soapy hands over her body, she knew she was still aroused by the encounter with Tim. As she ran her hands over her breasts, it brought back the feelings she had had earlier. She let the hand shower play a little longer than necessary in her crotch, and turned it to pulse.

"I've got to get over this."

"What if Buddy would ever find out?" 

"Or Leah?" 

She had to be very careful.

She walked into the adjoining bedroom and pulled the nylon slip she used as a nightgown over her head. The fabric felt smooth and slippery on her skin, and did nothing to ease her feelings.  

She lay on her back with her eyes closed, but sleep wouldn't come. Her thoughts kept racing back to the encounter at Tim's house. It was totally out of character, she thought. Most financially comfortable and socially prominent women have fulfilled lives, but now there was an intruder.

"Oh, Tim, what have you done to me?" 

"I can't stop thinking about you"

Before marrying Buddy's dad, she had lived a respectable life, never dating anyone long enough for the relationship to become overly sexual. Jack was a romantic dream, at first, but as he aged the fire died down. Now she was lucky to have him make love to her once a month. It seemed to be more of a duty than a sensual encounter. She became an expert at faking orgasms to please him, but none of those were as real as the one on Tim's parents' couch.

"What a long, smooth cock he has. And how young and strong he is!"

In her reverie, she pulled up the lace bottom at the front of her slip to the waist, and felt the fine pubic hair under her fingers. It was already moist.

She slid one finger down onto the front of her slit, and began slowing drawing it back and forth across her engorged clit. Her fingers began to move in a circle, drawing her deeper into the pink cloud she was feeling. She was awash in her own juices.

"No one is home to hear," she thought, and reached over to the bottom drawer of her bedside table to pull out her battery operated vibrator. It hadn't been used in months, only when Jack was on an extended trip, but tonight she needed it, badly.

She held the buzzing pink egg in her hand, and slowly slid it down across her belly to her crotch. Holding it still in one perfect spot, she let the waves of pleasure sweep over her, until the pink cloud in her mind began to take on a crimson tinge. She knew she was close.

"Oh Tim, please fuck me. Fuck me hard. Shove that beautiful cock of yours all the way up my cunt!"

As release came at last, she realized that she was sweating profusely. The scent from her exertion was mixed with a sweet scent of perspiration. She kissed the pink egg, and wiped it off with a tissue.

"Time for a shower, again."

The shower finally helped release her remaining tensions, and she slipped into one of Jack's old tee shirts, and slid into bed.

"Enough of this," she thought, and drifted off to sleep.

In the morning, both of her kids came home from their overnights. She greeted them in a bright yellow long bathrobe, and asked how their nights had been.

"Pretty cool, Mom, Paul got some new video games, and we were up late honing our skills. He is really quick, but I gave him a run for his money."

No need to tell her that Paul's parents had never installed porn blocking software, and they had a great time surfing for porn.

"How `bout you, Leah?"

"It was OK, but just watching mushy videos isn't my favorite way to spend and evening. It got a lot better when some of the girls talked about their dates."

"What did they have to say?"

"MOM! You really don't want to know. It's personal."

Laura raised her eyebrows with that quizzical look that mothers seem to specialize in.

"Never mind, then."

"How `bout you, Mom?"

"Not much, I'm afraid. I ran Tim home and he gave ma a tour of their house. You really ought to see it when you get a chance. Some local architect designed it, and it is really impressive."

It's a rambling stone contemporary, with a terrific view out the back windows. The living room has a huge stone fireplace and overstuffed leather furniture.

"By the time I got home and watched the weather and the news, it was time for bed. Another normal, ordinary day."

If they only knew!


CHAPTER 4

Buddy and his sister spent the day playing tennis, then went for a swim to cool off. As Laura watched them, she began to wonder. 

"It looks like he and his sister get along really well. Maybe too well!"

It seemed as if Buddy couldn't keep his hands off his sister, occasionally patting her on the ass, and giving her little shoulder hugs. She hadn't ever seen them doing anything out of line, but she began to wonder if something more was going on between them. When his hand slipped down and brushed his sister's breast, she could see a bulge growing in his trunks.

"Maybe it's my imagination," she thought, and put it out of her mind. 

"I'll have to keep an eye on them."

The afternoon was uneventful; Buddy mowed the lawn and skimmed the pool, while his Mom and Leah went shopping.

It seemed like anything they did was interrupted by texting from friends on their phones. Why guys thought you were really interested in what they were doing minute by minute was a mystery to him, but it was part of being cool. Who cared that "I just scratched my ass."

After dinner, she dressed for her Wednesday Bridge game with the "girls."

"Back by eleven."

"Bye."

Buddy and hi sister hit the tube to watch some game shows, but the contestants were either real dorks or geniuses. Boring!

"Hey, Leah, want to watch some videos."

"No way, I was bored all last night watching those mushy things."

"These aren't like that. I found them on the top shelf of Dad's closet."

"Oh? What were they doing there?"

"I think he was hiding them from us."

"Well maybe just for a few minutes."

Buddy slipped the first DVD into the player. 

"Oh my God, the FBI is watching us."

"Don't be silly, that Copyright Warning is on all of them."

After some flashes of nudity, the video began to play. A young couple was on a blanket on the beach, with the man oiling the girl's back with suntan lotion. 

She rolled over to let him do the front, and loosened her bikini top to give him full access to her breasts. 

"That's enough," Leah said.

"Oh, come on, didn't you say that your girlfriends talked about their dates. I'll bet this is tame, compared to that. He hit the "pause" button to please her.

"It's really none of you business, but I can give you a hint. Some of those girls are nothing but sluts!"

"And?"

"Well, Jeannie Marsh was the worst. She's a couple of years older, and really talks down to us. Apparently, she has done EVERYTHING with a boy."

"Everything?"

"She let's boys play with her tits on dates, and even lets them feel her up under her bra."

"So, what's such a big deal about that?"

"Well, I never have."

"Maybe it's because you don't have a boyfriend."

"Don't tease me, I could have one if I wanted, but none of the guys I meet are as nice as you. Or as good looking."

Leah sat down on the floor in front of her brother with her knees up. 

"Maybe we could watch a little more."

Buddy pushed the "play" button, and the video came back to life. As they watched, he began massaging his sister's shoulders.

"That feels really good. I'll give you an hour to cut that out."

The plot, such as it was, raced ahead relentlessly. It was the guy's turn to get oiled up, and his girl's hands spread the lotion first on his back, and then, when he rolled over, on his chest and shoulders. As she bent over, Buddy could see down the top of her swimsuit and a hint of her brown areolas, and he began to get hard.

When the girl reached down into the guy's swimsuit and began caressing his cock, Buddy thought he would explode on the spot. He bent down and let his hands drift down his sister's chest and squeezed her boobs.

"Is this what Jeanie was talking about?"

"Yeah. No wonder she lets them."

The girl on the video, pulled down the guy's swim trunks, and began to fondle his cock. Not pumping it, just squeezing gently. Then she bent down and closed her lips over the tip, and Buddy was going nuts.

"Did Jeannie tell you she did that, too?"

"She sure did, and couldn't wait to tell us all how much he liked it. It must have been yucky for her."

"Don't be too sure. I'll bet she liked it, too."

"She said it really turned her on, but I didn't believe her."

Buddy's stiff cock was now pressing against the back of her neck, and Leah turned half way around and gave it a squeeze.

"Oh my God, you are as hard as that guy in the video."

"Sure am. Want to play?"

He slid down the zipper of his shorts, pulled out his swollen cock, and pulled his sister's head toward it.

"Buddy!"

"Come on, Sis, it's time you got a little experience."

"But I don't even know how to do it."

"I'll show you. Just suck on it like a lollypop."

"Just this once, but don't ever ask me again."

"Let's see how you like it. Why don't you take of your top and let me see those pretty tits of yours."

Leah slipped her shirt over her head and undid her bra.

"Like what you see?"

"Oh shit, they're gorgeous. Now let's get going."

Leah took her brother's cock between her lips and started licking the knob on the end.

"I think you are going to be really good at this. Just let your lips slide up and down on it."

"Like this?"

"Un Huh! Now go a little faster."

As her head bobbed up and down on his cock, Buddy knew he didn't have long to last.

"Back off, and kneel there facing me."

Leah complied.

"Slip off your shorts and panties."

"Why?"

"Because I want to see you naked."

"That's a good reason, I guess. OK"

She stood up and peeled them off then returned to kneeling between his feet.

The sight of his sister's naked body on her knees at his feet was the most intensely erotic sight he had ever seen. Her bush looked soft and blonde, and her breasts proudly stood straight out.

"Leah, you are absolutely beautiful!"

Buddy began to pull at his cock with faster and faster strokes.

"Look out, I'm going to cum!"

His squirting jizm came as a complete surprise to his sister, as Buddy shot load after load of semen onto her tits. He told her to spread it around. She reached up and smeared it all over her breasts.

"It's sticky."

"So?"

"I'm sorry, I just didn't know what to expect. Jeannie tried to tell us about it, but I didn't really understand."

"Now you do. That was really fantastic! I think we are going to have some good times together."

"We better go up and shower and get dressed before Mom gets home. And I'd better put this video back in Dad's closet.  We wouldn't want Mom to think we were doing something that she wouldn't do."

"And how do you know she wouldn't?"

"Don't be silly, she's a Mom. Mom's don't do that sort of thing, only kids."

"The couple in the video weren't kids."

"You know what I mean, now shut up."

"And don't ever think about our Mom that way again."


 
CHAPTER 5

"Batching it isn't all that cool," I  thought. 

His dad had left a to-do list that kept him pretty much occupied. The gardener still came once a week to do the flower beds, but it was up to Tim to take care of the grass and clip the shrubs. Their new maid, Angela, tidied up on Wednesdays and did some of the laundry, but he would rather wash his own underwear than have her messing with them.

Some days, he aimlessly wandered around the house, and poked into his Dad's den. Tim had his own computer in his room, and Dad's was off-limits, since he often used it for business. Angela had left the den unlocked for a change, and he decided to do a little exploring. The room key was in his Dad's top desk drawer, and Tim slipped it into his pocket.

As he looked around, he noticed some wiring he hadn't noticed before. He booted up the computer, and realized that his Dad had hooked up a nanny-cam, probably when they first hired Angela. It was hooked up to some motion detectors around the house, and let his Dad keep an eye on the help to make sure they weren't poking around where they shouldn't, or picking up things to take home.

The software was new to Tim, and he spent some time nosing  around until he discovered the videocam icon that activated it. When he clicked it, on the screen were five displays, showing different rooms in the house, all showing still pictures. Apparently they came live only when someone was in the room, and then recorded what was going on.

He clicked on the Living Room icon and scrolled down to history, and sure enough, there was a video of Angela cleaning the room.  He wondered if his Dad had a voyeur streak, since the shots of her bending over to dust were mildly titillating.

He tried to check out some porn sites, and discovered that his Dad hadn't installed any software filters like he had on Tim's computer. Not that it mattered, since any kid with computer savvy could easily bypass that crap.

His Dad also hadn't set his browsing history to auto-delete, so Tim got an idea of where his Dad had been surfing. Nothing really weird, but not all business stuff, either. 

Most were business news and stock market reports, which were of little interest.  Among the "Favorites" list were some erotic story sites, and a few lesbian websites, with streaming video.

He checked them out, of course, but girl-girl stuff wasn't really his thing. One of them had a really hot session with two girls having dinner together, undressing, and then jumping into the sack to do the nasty on each other.  

Scans of the recordings from the other rooms were as boring as the Living Room shots. Nothing much interesting had apparently ever really gone on in their house. The garage cam showed their three cars, and reminded him that part of his responsibilities while his folks were away was to keep them spotless for when they returned from their trip.

Tim had especially liked to drive his Dad's Miata, but seldom had a chance. The last time he was allowed to take it out, his folks smelled beer on his breath when he came home. Grounded him for eight weeks. They must have figured that having to take a bus to get around would cure him of driving after drinking. His Dad also mentioned that the odometer readings had been written down, just in case he got any ideas.

It wasn't all that bad, since he could ride his bike up to the club when he felt like some tennis, or to check out the chicks. The golf club was only a five minute ride away, but he wasn't all that interested. Most of the kids were from private schools in the East End, and he didn't really know any of them all that well.

"OK, I'll do the damn cars," I decided, and shut off the machine. When he got to the garage, he punched up all the doors and tried to figure out where to start. The Miata seemed like a good place.

I stripped down to my shorts and polished off the dust. "Damn, that's one fine car," I thought. It was British Racing Green and had a finish like a mirror. "Not bad," I thought, as I looked at my own reflection in the hood, showing my broad swimmer's shoulder, and a nice tan.

Before he could move to the next one, he heard a car crunching on the gravel drive. It was the white convertible. 

Laura jumped out and came over. "I thought you didn't have a car." 

"I don't, these are my Dad's, but I'm grounded until the end of summer."

"That must be a bitch."

"I'm cool with it, but life goes on."

"I just wanted to drop off the trunks and stuff you left at our place last week."

She handed him the gym bag.

"Gotta Go, I'm running late. I was over in the East End and thought you might need these."

"Hope you can over again soon. We all enjoy your company."

:"Likewise."

As the car pulled out of the driveway, memories of their encounters flashed back into Tim's head. Not that they were ever that far away.

"Who is this lady, anyway," he wondered.

Back in his father's den, Tim started by trying to Google "Mrs. Jack Morgan" with no luck. "Laura Morgan" didn't get any useful hits either, but there were a shitload of Laura Morgans that popped up, including some Facebook pages. None of them were her.

"OK," let's try "John Morgan."
 
The trouble with Google is TMI. There is more chaff than substance, unless you know specifically what you are looking for.

He had heard Laura say that her husband was an investment advisor, so he added that as search term.

Bingo.

Most of the stuff was business-related, but a few were about his political and charitable contributions. Apparently the couple were patrons of the arts, and served on the Symphony and Art Institute boards. One photo, taken at a gala, was surely Laura. Interesting, but no big deal.

Tim then tried Facebook, searching for Buddy Morgan. About half the entries were for dogs named "Buddy," but he finally found his friend. There were dozens of photos on the page, but Tim was especially interested in those of his Mom. 

There she was, standing on the beach with Leah, with palm trees in the background. The picture wasn't very hi-res, but Tim downloaded it anyway.

A little photo editing brought the resolution up, and he had a nice view of the two of them in bathing suits. Laura could have been Leah's sister, and they both looked really hot in their bikinis. 

Zooming in on her breast brought back memories of the other night, and Tim could feel the rise in his shorts. He turned off the computer and lay down on his bed, and stripped to his shorts.

"Oh, Laura, someday I'm going to fuck you flat!"

 Relief came quickly.


CHAPTER 6

His cell phone buzzed.

"Hi, Tim, it's Laura. The kids are away for two days and I thought I could bring over something to eat. It's lonesome over here all alone."

"Chinese OK?"

"Pizza would be better."

"With?"

"Your call, I'll eat almost anything."

Hell, what I really wanted was to do was eat HER! 

He gave a little grunt to himself, thinking about munching on that sweet pussy of hers.

"See you in half an hour."

"Just let me get a shower."

"OK, Bye."

"Hot shit," Tim thought, "She's really coming over again." 

Then he had an inspiration.  He headed back into his Dad's den and booted up the computer. Firing up the nanny-cam, he activated it to record when motion was detected in any of the rooms. He also clicked on the mike, to see if the sound  would be recorded, too.

Just maybe he could get some better pictures of Laura than the lousy vacation shot from Buddy's Facebook page. If he got really lucky he might catch some really hot shots of the two of them together. That would be awesome. 

Laura didn't even ring the doorbell, but came straight in and headed for the kitchen. 

"Pizza Lady," she called out.

"In a sec."

Tim closed the den door behind him and locked it. He didn't want Angela to come across anything if he forgot to turn off the computer, not that she would know how to do it anyway.

"I brought a six-pack for us, too."

Always thoughtful.

"So what have you been doing with yourself? Besides jerking off?"

Tim blushed, "Aw come on, that was a once in a lifetime experience. My folks keep me busy with their to-do lists, so I don't have time to be bored."

"I didn't mean to embarrass you. Want the Pepperoni or mushrooms?"

"Either, or."

She put the slices out on the two plates he had set out on the table and both dug in. 

As I watched her eat, I realized that I had never paid much attention to her face. As she nibbled on the pizza, I couldn't take my eyes off the sensuous way her lips moved when she ate. 

"God, would those feel good wrapped around my cock."

She was no movie star, but one very good looking lady. I wondered where things would go from here. She wasn't dressed at all provocatively, wearing shorts and a loose cammi top. As she moved, my opinion of the camisole improved rapidly. The sight of her braless breasts moving under the thin fabric, really turned me on.

"What a tease," I thought. She must have known very well that when she bends down to pick up the plates the top would fall away, giving me a full view of her assets. 

As she washed the plates, I moved behind her and cupped her breasts with both hand.  She must have felt my cock pressing on her ass.

"Easy, boy! Let me clean up first."

She put the plates away and hung up the dish towel, and turned toward me. 

"Now where were we?"

I pulled her close, pressing her tits against my chest, and kissed her. It was the first time, and she eagerly returned my kiss. Her tongue began probing my mouth, and mine hers as we were locked together. When she reached down and fondled my balls, I knew things were definitely looking up. I cupped her ass cheeks with both hands and pulled her body tight against mine.

"Is there somewhere we can get comfortable?"

I led her to my room. Thank God it didn't look like the pig sty it sometimes does. The bed was half turned down, and I sat on the edge and pulled her onto my lap.

Without prompting, she pulled her top over her head, and began to unbutton my shirt, then slid it off my shoulders. We were skin to skin for the next kiss, and I could feel her boobs pressing on my chest. Her tongue kept probing, and we were both obviously impatient. As we kissed, I cupped her left boob in my hand and began kneading it, and playing with the nipple. 

She let out a low moan, and said, "Tim, I've really missed you. I think about you all the time"

"Me, too," 

I unbuttoned the waist button on her shorts, and slid the zipper down. She stood up and let them drop to the floor, then peeled of her nylon panties.

It was her turn, and she loosened my belt and stripped off my shorts and briefs. My cock was pointing at the ceiling, and she dropped to her knees in front of me.

"Oh God, I've dreamed about tasting you." Her full, red lips wrapped around my knob, and she slowly worked her way down my shaft, while her hand cupped my balls. Her tongue flicked up and down under the tip, driving me totally mad with passion. 

I had heard of deep throat, but didn't really know what it was about. When she pulled me closer, I could feel the tip of my cock pressing against her throat. What a feeling.

She pulled away and slid her lips off my knob, giving it a final lick. 

"What a really gorgeous cock you have, young man." 

She sat down on the bed beside me, and said, "Your turn."

I started with her lips, moved down to suck on her nipples, licked her belly and finally tongued the inner side of both her thighs. She grabbed me by the hair and pulled me into her crotch.

"Suck me, Tim. Oh God, lick my pussy. I've been having fantasies about this! " 

"Me, too."

I covered her pussy with my mouth and sucked gently. I really had no experience with oral sex, but I was a willing novice. My tongue could taste the juices pouring out of her snatch. She was ready, but I had more in mind. I ran my tongue up her slit from the bottom, until I could feel her engorged clit.

"Lick out the alphabet," I reminded myself. It was an old Sam Kinison line, but he sure had it right. As my tongue flicked over her clit, spelling out one letter at a time, she squeezed her thighs against my ears and moaned.

"Fuck me, Tim, fuck me! Oh God, Tim, I can't wait. Please hurry!"

I pulled some pillows to the edge of the bed, and lifted her ass on top of them. Standing up, my cock was level with her cunt, and I shoved the tip into her gushing snatch. I slowly teased it in and out, and could feel her trying to thrust against each stroke.

"For God's sake, Tim, give me all of it. I'm so horny I could scream."

As slowly as I could, I let my cock explore her inner reaches, deliberately gliding down the insides of that juicy cunt.

Finally, I was completely inside her, and could feel her walls clutching my cock, greedily.

"Fuck me harder, harder! Hurry"

I began to thrust stroke after stroke into that creamy cunt, and could hear her gasp every time I hit her G-spot. I spent as long as I could just moving in and out against it. Her face was contorted in ecstasy while she kept repeating "Yes, yes. Oh yes. Oh Tim, Oh YES!"

At the very last possible minute, I pulled out and began to jerk off; just like in the videos I had seen. I shot load after load on her belly, and watched as it began to stream down on to her sides.

We were both exhausted, and I lay down and pulled her to my side, with my arms around her. I loved hearing her purring noises as we lay beside each other, and kissed again.

After we had recovered a bit, Laura headed into my bathroom.

"I certainly can't go home like this!"

She jumped into the shower to clean off, and I stepped in beside her.

"Let me help."

I took the washcloth and soaped it up, and wiped the cum off her stomach and sides. 

"These look like they need attention, too."

I soaped up my bare hands and lightly washed her breasts. She soaped up her hands as well, and gave my cock a good lathering. 

"Let me dry off," she said. "If we keep this up, I'll never get home."

"I'll help."

We toweled each other off, and I said, "Let's go outside and finish drying off."     

We sat side by side on the chaise lounges on my parent's bedroom porch, holding hands. The air was just beginning to cool, as it gently blew over our bodies.

"Tim, this was an incredible evening," she offered.

"What I would call an unexpected pleasure," I replied.

"I really do have to go."

"I know."

We went back into my bedroom and dressed, and straightened the bedcovers. I walked her out to her car, and gave her a passionate goodnight kiss. 

"Until next time?" I asked.

"We'll see," she replied. 

I watched her taillights disappear around the curve in the driveway. 

Back in my room, I looked at the bookshelf. A faint green light was glowing on one of them. 

The nanny-cam recorder was still on.






 







