On the Patio

   by Lance Vargas

   (Mf, voyeur)

   I've got the meanest mom in all the world.  She doesn't even try to
understand me.  I'm in a stupid town that I didn't want to move to in a
stupid high school that I didn't want to go to.  I told her I didn't care
that she was going to get a new job.  What was wrong with her old job?

   If she hadn't divorced dad she wouldn't even have to get a job at all.
So now we had to move away from my friends, away from the school I been
waiting to go to all the way to this place in the middle of freakin
nowhere.

   And then we had to move out of our big house to this little townhouse
that's so small we're gonna bump into each other all the time.  One
bathroom?  One single bathroom for the both of us?  I'm an not using her
curler or hair dryer.  And there's only room for one of each on the
counter. And I hate moving my makeup back and forth from my room to the
bathroom all the time.

   And anyway she's never home!  She's always working late, so I got
excited when I saw her home when I got off the stupid bus.

   I thought maybe she lost her job and we would move back to Milwaukee. 
Uh no.

   Instead she comes all the way home to tell me I'm grounded!  Like what
the fuck?  Look, that teacher just pissed me off.  She didn't have to tell
me that, so I just told her what I thought.

   And for that they call my mom?  Talk about a stupid school.

   So now mom's all pissed off that I talked back to a teacher.  Look, I'm
in ninth grade.  I don't need to be talked to like a little kid, and that
teacher should know that.

   Of course mom doesn't want to hear me talk so she just screams at me.

   Grounded?  What does that even mean?  It's not like I have anywhere to
go.  And then I realize she means disconnect the wifi and cable.  Just
fucking great.

   So what do you want me to do, bitch?  Read a book.  Read a fucking book,
she told me.

   I stormed upstairs to my bedroom and slam the door.  I hear mom leave
and drive away.  I guess she's going back to work.  Whatever.

   I kicked the book off the bed and lie down with my arm over my eyes. 
This is the absolute worst day since we moved here.

   It must have been a hundred degrees in my room.  This is so stupid.  She
moved us away from cool weather to hell.  I can't stand it.

   So I kneel on my bed and open the only window in my room.  What a view.
An empty field behind the townhouses.  It's overgrown and I'm sure full of
snakes and shit.  Fantastic.

   I just turn around and throw myself back on the bed.  At least it's a
little cooler, but not much.

   Shit!  What the hell was that?  The noise made me jump, and I have to
tell you I got scared.  But then I realized it was coming from outside.

   Back on my knees I'm looking out of the bedroom window again.  I can not
only see our small patio, but I can also see into the neighbor's patio as
well.

   The guy next door just dragged a lounge chair next to a little table on
his patio.

   This guy is a geek.  Some kind of computer nerd or something.  I mean
he's kind of a nice guy, he always tells me hi, but he's just weird.  I
don't know why, I mean, he's an older guy probably 20 or 30, and he wears
these big glasses.  It's like he wants to look like a nerd.  And he would
be an ok guy if he just got a haircut and contacts.

   You can tell he just doesn't get it.  Or maybe he doesn't want to get
it. Whatever.  He's weird.

   I only know his name is Stanley because it's on his mailbox.  I guess
that's his last name.  Don't know.  Don't care.  And I never give him a
second thought until now because the asshole just scraped his big lounge
chair over concrete, and that noise made me jump out of my skin.

   And he was still adjusting that damn thing making even more noise.

   Back on my knees to see what he's doing now.  And he just pulled the
table closer to him.

   Why is his ass back there on his patio?  Why isn't he at work?  Why am I
not in Milwaukee?  These answers will never be known.

   And why is he wearing a white robe?  Looks like he's about to relax.  He
put a glass of something on the table.  Probably iced tea.

   Great, he just put some magazines on the table a little tube of
something.  Looks like he's going to relax and sun on the patio.  Freaking
great.  I should close my window, I guess.  And sweat my boobs off, right.
Not gonna happen.

   Stanley finally sits down on the lounger and kicks off his slippers.  I
have no idea why I'm still watching him.  I mean, it's not like he's a hunk
or anything, but truthfully, there's nothing else to do.

   OK, truthfully, I'm starting to feel like a perv watching this guy.  But
now I think it's funny, and when I get my phone back I'll text Angie all
about it.

   I think about opening the screen and throwing spitballs and stuff at him
to see if he can find where they're coming from, but I don't know how to
open the screen.

   So instead just watch.

   OK, shocker.  Porn mags.  Yep.  He flipped them over and I can see boobs
on the cover.  Looks like Stanley has a girlfriend, and it looks remarkably
like his right hand.

   This is going to be fun.  But my perv meter is about to peg out, and I'm
about to pull my curtains shut.

   But the way his hand sneaked beneath his robe was just so typical and
funny.  Stanley is playing with Little Stanley I laughed thinking about how
I was going to phrase it when I told Angie.

   It was hilarious!  So guys really do that!  Hah!  He would take his hand
out of his robe to turn the page, and then back under the covers it goes.

   I guessed he was really getting into it because this time he didn't take
his hand out but instead laid the magazine on his lap to turn the page with
his other hand.  I glanced at the mag and saw a couple fucking.  Looked
like Doggie style.  And I'm guessing Stanley likes doggie style.

   This was getting too much for me, and I was about to leave the window
when he put the magazine on the table.  I thought he was about to leave but
I realize this shit is about to get real serious.

   What's going on?

   That's when he began to pull on the belt on his robe.  Ah, getting
comfortable.

   And then suddenly he pulled on his robe and let it drop to his sides.

   HO-LEE SHIT!  That about sums it all up.  Holy shit.

   Mr.  Stanley doesn't have a little Stanley.  He has a goddam full grown
Stanley!  The guy is hung like a goddam telephone pole.

   I feel a sudden pang right in my pussy and I know there's no amount of
KY Jelly that would squeeze that baseball bat up in me.

   But seeing this monster cock being held in the air made me ache for it.
I don't know why.  I would never let it come near me, but I think I just
wanted to touch it, you know, just feel it to see what it felt like.

   But Mr.  Stanley looked like he was doing a great job all on his own.  I
thought when guys jacked off they went real fast up and down or back and
forth.  Not this guy.

   His hand slowly went all the way to the end, then went all the way back
down.  It was when he pulled it down that I got a surprise.  This big
purple end popped out, and I couldn't figure out what it was at first.  But
then I realized it was his head.  It was just a different color.

   I guessed that it meant he was real excited.

   He was using both hands on it, which amazed me.  It was over two hands
long, and I'm thinking that a third hand would still fit.

   Then a thought entered my head.  God must be a real asshole to give a
nerdy guy a two-foot long dick.  I guess it would be fine if he were gay,
but he wasn't looking at gay porn.  And it was highly doubtful that he
would ever hook up with a girl.

   But watching this guy loving up his dick was doing something to me.  I
started getting the itch.  Yeah, it made me horny watching him play with
himself.

   Shit, when he spread his legs I saw his big sack full of balls just
laying their there.  The guy is a goddam bull.

   I know his dick reached above his belly button, and I'm thinking that
this guy could suck himself if he wanted to.

   Before I knew what was happening my own hand snaked into my pants, and
I'm just gently patting myself.  I'm absent-mindedly watching him play with
himself while I'm playing with myself.

   I almost screamed out loud when I accidentally touched my button.  Holy
shit it was sensitive.  I'm hornier than I thought.  I wondered what would
happen if he knew I was watching.

   I wondered if he knew I was watching.  Wouldn't that be fucked up?

   These pants had to go.  I unsnapped and unzipped and pulled my shorts
and panties down.  I rarely took off my panties when I played with myself,
but I'm thinking this is going to be different.  Holy shit I was wet!

   And before you say anything, yes, I'm a virgin.  I have no idea what it
would feel like, but I do know that I would never know how Stanley's felt
like.  Even if I were very experienced the fact that I only weight 103
pounds means that he would not be penetrating me as much as wearing me.  I
didn't care for that thought.

   Yes, I wanted to get laid, but not impaled.

   Two fingers in, and I'm watching him as he closes his eyes.  Looks like
he squirted some of that stuff in the bottle on him because it's glistening
now.  That purple head is very shiny, and I bet you could see your
reflection in it.

   Oh look, that looks like real jacking off.  That's what I thought guys
did.  He's going faster now.

   Shit I think he got bigger!

   OMG, he's making noises.  He's groaning and grunting.  I bet he thinks
nobody's home in any of the other units.  Shit, what if he knew I was home.
What if I called to him right now.

   Oh hell now, I would never do that.  I'm thinking what he would do to
me? Would he tell or would he expect for me to put out?

   None of that's gonna happen.  I just want to see what's really going to
happen.

   I think it was then that I realized my hand was going as fast as his.

   The feelings are getting very intense.

   Oh shit, it sounds like he's hurt.  I look closely and see he's stopped
and he's holding his dick real tight near his sack and it's pointed
straight up like a rocket.

   Then BAM!  He starts shooting white stuff all over the place like a dick
fountain!  It starting to come out of him, and I have to say I'm
hypnotized.

   He hasn't stopped yet, and he's grunted so loudly!

   And that's when I feel mine starting to hit me.  It's like an earthquake
in my pussy, and I press hard.  I don't know what this is because it's more
powerful than anything I've ever felt before.  I can't handle it!

   I let out a little scream and then shut myself up.  Oh shit, this is too
intense.  Oh shit my window is open and he probably heard me squeal.

   I dropped on the bed with my hands firmly between my legs and finish
myself off.

   Maybe three or four more times I feel my body racked with those waves,
each getting smaller.  But I feel like I've been hit by a tidal wave.

   When I finally catch my breath I kneel up in bed and look out the
window. Oh shit!

   I drop back in my bed and hide my head.  Shit, he was out there.

   Stanley had his robe pulled tight and was looking directly at my window.

   Did he see me?  He must have heard me.  Oh shit, I'm dead.

   I don't know what to expect now.  I decide to take a shower and think
about it later.

   It wasn't until the next morning that mom and I actually talked to each
other.

   I told her I was sorry for being a brat, and she told me she loved me
and just wanted the best.

   I still hated the school and this place, but I'm thinking I can find a
way to have fun every now and then.

   Mom kissed me goodbye and left for work as I walked to the bus stop at
the end of the parking lot.

   When I heard the car drive by me slowly I never gave it a thought until
it stopped.

   Some guy yelled "Hey" at me, and I looked and it's Stanley!  OMFG!  What
the shit did he want?

   I said "hey" back and he asked, "What's your name?"

   And I go, "Ellie."

   And he goes, "Terry."

   I'm like "Hi, Terry."

   He asked me "You live in Unit 5?"

   What am I gonna do?  Lie?  I say "Yeah?" like I'm expecting him to ask
something else.

   And he says "It's good to know you Ellie.  See you later."

   And he drives away.

   I wondered if I would see him again, and I wondered if he would see me
later.
