The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in
which it is legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work. 
Reposting or any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of
the copyright holder, except may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access
archive sights.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. iter.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com
Please!  Give me your comments.

This is a repost of a fifty-two chapter mind control, multi person romance.
 


MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 3

The Message from the Grave

When I awakened, the sun was up and she was gone. So was Uncle Bert's Bronco. I
panicked momentarily, fearing she had stolen it,  but, I found a fresh pot of coffee and a
note in the kitchen. "Sweetheart. Went for groceries. I love you. Andy."  In a few minutes
she was back with an armload of food. She made bacon, eggs and toast. We visited like
old friends. I cannot tell you how happy I was to find a warm, sensitive, intelligent,
wonderful woman with a delightful sense of humor under the Barbie doll facade.  No man
really wants a Porsche without an engine. 

She led me into the big den, pushed me back into an easy chair and knelt between my
legs. 

"I think a woman should always be kneeling between her man's legs. What do you
think?" 

She was teasing me, her face sunshine. I watched the rise and fall of her breasts against
the tight top she wore. 

"Now, do not touch me.  Do not interrupt. OK?" 

"Sure," I replied.  

She took a deep breath and let it out slowly, her face down turned. When she looked
back at me, her eyes were dead, as if she was in a trance. 

What happened next I will repeat verbatim. I could not believe it.

"Hello David, it in Uncle Bert. Consider Andy to be a human tape recorder. Do not touch
her but you can control the flow of information. She will respond to stop, repeat, forward
and continue commands. Now, you are wondering why your dead uncle would use a
sexy young woman to speak to you from his grave. 

I have discovered something so unique and powerful I am very afraid it will fall into evil
hands. I am afraid to write it all down. So, I have put together a matrix of information tied
together by clues, some of which only you can interpret, to arrive at the whole of the
information necessary to duplicate my discovery. Consider this to be a giant puzzle or
treasure hunt. I started on this project after my heart attack and I have completed it.

Davy,  power corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutely. I have installed
safeguards to keep you from getting the information too quickly. I want it to take at least a
year. And, along the way, I will ask you to study ethics, morality, religion and other issues
which you may consider to be irrelevant. Do everything I ask, Davy. Please. It is very
important. The last thing I want is to destroy or corrupt you by giving you too much
power.

Some of the clues will be obtuse but think of all our time together, of what I have taught
you. It will come to you. If it does not and you cannot duplicate the discovery, maybe it is
divine intervention and for the best. 

First, a little surprise of a personal nature. 

Davy, I am not your Uncle Bert. I am your father. I convinced your mother to have sex
with me and impregnated her. I did not want to marry but I wanted a child and I wanted
that child to have a good home. I convinced my brother Charles to marry your mother.
They both have no knowledge of this. The reason you spent so much time with me is that
I convinced them to allow it. I say convinced. I should say programmed. So, son, I am
very happy for you to finally know, even under these circumstances.  Your mother is
damn good - a wild woman - in bed, by the way, in spite of her outward frozen facade."

"Stop," I said.  Andy stopped. Her head lowered. I got up and walked around. I got
another cup of coffee,  went out in the sun and thought. In twenty minutes when I went
back, Andy had not moved. "Continue," I commanded. Her head rose and she began to
speak.

"My discovery is mind control, the ability to unequivocally control how a person thinks,
including the elimination of their own free will and total servitude to your will or any will
you choose to substitute. Your parents were my earliest subjects and I have refined it
greatly since then. How I do it, or, since I am dead, how I did it, is your treasure hunt.
Obviously, such a power could destroy civilization as we know it.  While I do think society
could use a few changes, I believe the system we have is the best man can do.  I do not
want me, or, now you, to be the cause of its destruction. 

But, enough of that now.

You are very wealthy. By now, you have seen the assets you will receive which should
give you an after tax income of about $80,000 a month, not including capital
appreciation. The bank is doing a good job managing the money. I suggest you ignore
the financial aspects of your inheritance, using the income for your needs, and
concentrate on the hunt. 

Andy is your slave. She will do anything, any time, any where you ask. She is a
wonderful and delightful young woman.  You will be only the second man in her life. I
guess I should have left her a virgin for you but she was so delicious, I could not help
myself.  So, sue me.  You should understand that she really, deeply and truly loves you,
with certain modifications not found in ordinary, unprogrammed women.  

For example, she will have no jealousy, welcoming your other lovers as if they were her
sisters.   She will have sex with anyone else if you tell her to do it. But, she will never be
unfaithful.  She will have no shame or embarrassment about sex.  I have programmed
safeguards into her so she will not kill or otherwise harm herself which she could well do
if you gave her a command with that result.  

By now, you know she is a wonderful lover. I hope you enjoyed being bound and taken
by a woman you had never seen.  It was a little fantasy of mine I wanted to share so I
programmed it in her.  You have also noted that she is a screamer. That is totally natural;
I did not do it. If you wish her not to scream during sex, I have programmed in some
alternatives. If you say, "Quiet little dove," she will coo and cluck like a bird.  If you say,
"Quite little kitten," she will mew and purr.  "Quite little lady" will cause her to talk in
loving, lady like tones. All these commands must be given after you have your cock in
her.  This command has to be reprogrammed each time you fuck her. 

Davy, you must be very careful of her. Her programming from me and the natural love a
woman has for a man, which I have directed at you, makes her vulnerable.  You must
protect her as if she were a treasure of priceless value, because she is.  In addition, her
mother, Mary, who is another delightful creature of God, also has been programmed.  So,
you have two sex slaves to do your bidding.  I charge you to care for them their entire
lives, or yours.  Take good care of them.  They both mean the world to me. 

In addition to Mary and Andy, approximately three thousand women have been
programmed by me for you, or whoever else you wish.  The commands follow: You say
to the woman, 'Do you prefer sirloin or tube steak?' If she replies, 'It depends on the
chef', you know she is one that has been programmed.  Any other response and you are
on your own.  Then, you say, 'What does your pussy prefer?'  She will say, 'It prefers
following your commands.'  The next thing you say, she will do. 

For example, if you say 'suck my cock', your dick will be in her mouth before you know it. 
Obviously, this can cause problems. Some of these women are married; others have
boyfriends. Of course, the law is a problem if she in blowing you in public. The safest
command may be: 'follow my lead'.  Then, you can get her off somewhere.  A list of these
women with addresses and phone numbers, measurements and other vital information
will be found during your treasure hunt. 

Included in this programmed group are your sisters (half sisters, really, since I am not
their father), your mother, all your female cousins, and every other female in the extended
family.  As I said your mother is great in bed as are your sisters, all of whom I suggest
you try. Cathy really should be a high-priced call girl.  She is a natural born slut and
loves sex as much as any woman I have ever met. The fact she has an IQ of 175 makes
her even better.  Edwina, brother Edwards second daughter, is not a lesbian as everyone
thinks.  Eddy is a bisexual.  Fucking her is like coupling with Zena, Warrior Princess -
part love match, part wrestling match.  You might want to weight train a while before
taking her on.

There exists a very small portion of the chemical which is my discovery. It induces a
deep hypnotic trance.   Andy has it. She has been programmed to give it to you, and give
you two hypnotic suggestions. Once she gives them, you cannot change them. The first
is the ability to concentrate deeper and clearer, to increase your intellectual capacity and
your memory, both short and long term.  The second allows you to control your sexual
activity, particularly ejaculation, instituting conscious will over natural control. This will
enable you to stay erect virtually all the time.  I do not have to tell you the benefits of this
suggestion. I ask you to allow her to give you this potion.  If you want it, say to her, 'Andy,
please help me learn Yiddish.'  If you do not, say 'I hate Yiddish. Destroy the dictionary.' 
She will take it from there.

When you are finished listening, call her name to end her trance.  The next step in the
treasure hunt will come to you. 

Go slow, Think clearly. Love God and humanity. Value your own humanity and your own
humility. Be loving and caring. And, my beloved son, most importantly, enjoy your life to
the fullest. I wish all the best for you. I love you."

To be continued. . . . 

Please! Give me your comments. 