                     Oh, Sister! - Chapter 7

"Right!" exclaimed Vic as he made his penis dance by rubbing 
his replete belly.  "Let's go upstairs and fuck!"

"Let's go upstairs and wash, first, then fuck," corrected 
Anne.  "Becky and I want to get rid of that nasty ol' gism you 
deposited in us.  Right, Becky?"

"Let's not take long.  I haven't cum with Vic this evening."

"I've got it!  Follow me!"

The three of them bounded back up the stairs, through the 
master bedroom, and into the bath that adjoined it.  It was 
appointed luxuriously with a sunken bathtub off to one side, but 
no showerhead was above it.  Instead, the shower was a closet-
sized miniroom so big it needed no door.  Anne flicked a switch 
and a recessed, waterproof light in the ceiling came on.  The 
room was finished all in tile with a drain in the center of the 
floor and the water controls and showerhead in the far wall.  It 
was one of the massager kind on a flexible hose that could be 
unclipped from the wall.  Empty towel racks lined the outer area 
of both walls.

"I use this all the time when Mom and Dad are out," Anne 
explained, pinning up her hair.  "It's plenty big enough to hold 
the three of us  Get some towels out of the linen closet."

She entered first and turned on the water.  After a moment 
of fiddling she was satisfied with the temperature and she 
beckoned.

"Come on in, the water's fine," she said.  Becky pinned up 
her hair also and the two siblings complied, hanging the towels 
out of the water's reach.

The three of them took turns wetting down in the warm spray.  
The nozzle was set low enough on its hanger that neither woman 
got her hair wet and the three wet, naked bodies kept nudging 
each other as they huddled to keep warm.  Vic was last and he 
picked the soap up out of its niche in the wall, lathered up and 
started to soap his armpits.

"No, no, no, Vic!" Anne exclaimed.  "The first rule in 
showering with a friend is never wash yourself.  Go soap down 
your sister."

Becky closed her eyes and shivered with delight as Vic 
started massaging the lather onto her shoulder, then down her 
arm.  Anne started on her other arm as soon as she had gotten 
some lather of her own and the blonde ex-virgin could scarcely 
contain the pleasure of being tended by two pairs of loving 
hands.  The two renewed their supply of lather and returned to 
Becky's shoulders, working down her front this time.  The 
pleasure turned erotic as the wandering hands reached her breasts 
and manipulated the firm, quivering mounds.  Her nipples erected 
instantly and both Anne and her brother seemed to take special 
pains to ensure that the pulsing points were particularly clean.

The incessant caressing broke off again as both renewed 
their lather supply, then Anne started scrubbing Becky's back 
while Vic worked over the ribs below her jutting tits.  When his 
slippery massage reached the dome of her belly her breath grew 
fluttery again.  She had never realized before how erotic the 
area between her boobs and pubis could be.  The hands, both fore 
and aft, slowly crept towards her waist, then stopped just before 
crossing it to the now throbbing secret area below.

But after getting more lather, the two knelt to wash her 
feet then slowly work up her legs.  Becky's calves and knees 
received perfunctory treatment but Vic and Anne slowed as they 
started above her knees.  The strokes on the insides of her 
thighs were particularly sensuous and Becky spread her legs to 
give her brother and cousin full access.  They soon reached her 
crotch and stroked several times a merest fraction of an inch 
from her aching pussy.

Becky opened her eyes and looked down to see her entire body 
encased from the neck down in an obscuring film of soapsuds save 
for the area that might be covered by a bikini bottom.  Her bush, 
though darkened and matted by its soaking, was still plainly 
visible and she knew the same was true for the twin mounds of her 
ass.  This heightening of her sexual areas felt highly erotic, 
and Becky waited in breathless anticipation for what came next.

Soaping up a fifth time, Anne and Vic glanced at each other 
a moment before approaching Becky.  She had shut her eyes again 
and her parted knees quivered in anticipation.  The two of them 
obliged.

Vic's hand cupped her love mound and slipped between her 
legs to infuse the whole hairy area with suds.  He started 
stroking the whole of Becky's outer cunt.  Meanwhile, Anne 
lathered the quivering globes of Becky's ass, spreading them to 
get deep within the crevice in between and meeting Vic's hand 
approaching from the front.  Knowing his inexperience about 
washing female genitalia, she kept an eye on his actions.

"No, Vic," she said as, sure enough, he parted his sister's 
cuntlips and started to slip a finger inside her.  "Soap stings 
if it's carried inside.  If you want to poke her, come back 
here."

Vic broke off and started sliding his other hand between 
Becky's ass cheeks.  When he had reached deep enough, he crooked 
his middle finger and pushed the slick digit past the muscular 
mouth of her anus.  After penetrating her with its' entire 
length, he started slowly stroking her asshole.

Meanwhile, Anne cupped her cousin's love mound and started 
applying rhythmic pressure that reached her clit.  She made her 
fingers dance on Becky's outer cuntlips to heighten the 
sensations without getting soap in the wrong spots.

Becky was soon gasping and Anne stepped close to hold her in 
a slippery embrace to keep her from collapsing.  The dual 
stroking of her ass and clit soon had their effect and she began 
humping her pubic mound against her cousin's cupping hand.

"Yes!  Yes!  Don't stop!" she cried as her climax rapidly 
approached.  "I'm cumming--I'm cumming!  Oh, Anne!  Oh, Vic!  I'm 
cum--aaaahhhh!!"  And she shuddered against their dual embrace.

When she was sure her cousin could stand again on her own, 
Anne unhooked the showerhead and played it on its flexible hose 
over Becky's body, rinsing the suds down and revealing its 
gleaming perfection.  When she had finished at the feet, Anne 
manipulated a control in the showerhead and the spray changed to 
a solid jet that pulsed rhythmically every second or so.

"Here's the best part, cousin," she said.  "Lean against the 
wall and spread those legs wide open."

Becky obediently leaned back putting her shoulders against 
the wall and her feet about three feet apart.  Anne held the 
showerhead low and started playing the pulsating bolt upward, 
against Becky's exposed cuntlips.  "Suck her tits. Vic," she 
commanded.

Vic immediately latched onto one nipple and started 
manipulating her other boob while Anne masturbated her cousin 
with the water.  Becky had never felt anything like it.  When 
Anne aimed at her gaping vagina, each bolt of water felt like a 
warm cock penetrating her yet, came to nothing.  Best of all was 
when Anne aimed at the top of her sexual cleft.  The water blasts 
pushed back the hood of her clitoris, leaving that tumescent pink 
pearl exposed.  Each warm pulse was like a caress on her love 
button and it was soon giving a pleasurable twinge in time with 
each stroke.

Anne knew that Becky had not come down far from her climax a 
minute before and watched carefully.  Sure enough, she was soon 
near her peak and Anne diddled with the showerhead again.  It 
started buzzing as the jet pulsed several times a second.  Becky 
immediately embraced her brother, mashing Vic's face into her 
breast and started rocking her pelvis as she humped her phantom 
lover.

"Oh, A-a-a-n-n-n-n-e," was all she could sigh as, untouched 
by hand, tongue, or penis, she climaxed.  Her knees buckled and 
Vic eased her down to the floor.  She lay there, both knees drawn 
up and apart, exposing her gaping pink gash.  Anne continued to 
hose down Becky's crotch while she bucked her pussy upwards.  
After about thirty seconds she relaxed and Anne set the 
showerhead back to a steady spray and hung it on its' hook while 
her cousin collected her wits.

"God, Anne, I never dreamed water could be so sensual!" she 
exclaimed.

"Most people don't," Anne said simply.  "I don't think Mom 
and Dad realize what this little baby can do.  At least I've 
never heard any really long showers.  Now me!" she demanded.

The two siblings wasted no time in ministering to their 
cousin.  Becky marveled at the weight of Anne's massive breast as 
she hefted the slippery weight in both hands.  The erected nipple 
stroked her palm every time it passed over.  As before, Becky 
scrubbed Anne's back while Vic washed her front.  He got into the 
top of her pubic thicket since it grew so far above her loins but 
he cautiously avoided the delicate area of his cousin's cunt.  
This time he was rewarded by being allowed to fondle his cousin's 
slippery cunt as he stayed out of her sensitive folds.  Becky 
part washed and part massaged Anne's ass cheeks and penetrated 
the puckered orifice hidden in between them, then shifted to the 
front to cup her cousin's sex.

Anne was already turned on by watching Becky cum before so 
in a matter of a minute or two she was in the throes of her own 
climax.  Becky picked up the showerhead to do unto Anne what she 
had just done unto her.  Knowing what was to come, Anne was 
already laying on her back with her legs spread apart.  Becky 
brought the spurting nozzle within inches of her gaping pink gash 
and hosed down her cousin's cunt.  Anne was soon fucking the warm 
stream of water while Vic buried himself in her massive tits.

Becky watched as each blast of water spread Anne's cunt open 
until she could see up her vagina half-way to her cervix.  Her 
finger-sized clit stood erect and bare, its' hood pushed back by 
the insistent water.  Judging the right moment, Becky made the 
shower massager buzz at the same time Anne climaxed and the well-
endowed woman cried aloud as she thrust upwards to meet the 
erotic water-phallus.

Next it was Vic's turn and he received a perfunctory washing 
from the two females until it was his genitals' turn.  His penis 
started to erect as they scrubbed it, but when they turned on the 
warm water-jet, he shrugged.  "No big deal," he said as the 
pulsing stream washed over his turgid snake.

"What'd I tell you?" Anne said to Becky.  "Men like 
friction."

She dropped to her knees and popped Vic's rigid cock into 
her mouth and bobbed her head up and down.  Becky knelt also, 
hefted his dangling scrotum, then drew one of her brother's balls 
into her mouth.

"Pfah!" she said after a few moments and regarded Vic's 
hairy scrotum.  "Those hairs tickle my tongue."

Taking Vic's cock out of her mouth, Anne said, "We can fix 
that!" and went to the niche in the wall that held the soap.  
Holding a safety razor aloft she said, "Daddy shaves in the 
shower.  I'll bet this'll take off ball-bag hair, too."

Vic reflexively hid his crotch in his hands.  "Oh no you 
don't!" he exclaimed.  "One slip and I'm a gelding!"

"Relax, Vic.  Becky and I have been shaving for years," Anne 
said.

"Yeah," Becky chimed in, stroking her thigh.  "And more 
area, too.  Don't be such a baby."

Well . . . okay," Vic finally agreed.  "If it'll encourage 
fellatio."

"It will, it will," Anne promised.  "Girls won't be able to 
keep you out of their mouths."

Becky lathered up her brother's scrotum and held it while 
Anne delicately ran the razor over the hairy skin.  She stretched 
the loose flesh this way and that to give Anne access to every 
square inch, being careful not to trap the shifting orbs 
uncomfortably.  Every place the razor touched left a swath of 
naked skin behind until Vic's entire ball bag was denuded.  Anne 
rinsed out the razor, then hosed down her cousin's genitals.

"There, not one little nick," she said proudly and the two 
women admired the sight of Vic's naked scrotum hanging behind his 
now-slackened penis.  The shaved pink skin accentuated the sight 
of the heavy testicles that were within.

"Oh, Vic!" Becky exclaimed melodramatically.  "It looks so--
so sexy!"  And she dropped to her knees to pop one of his balls 
into her mouth.

"Hey, I did the work!" Anne complained and pushed Becky out 
of the way before dropping to her knees herself.  But before she 
could start suckling, Becky pushed her back.  The two women 
started grappling and calling each other names.

"Stop it, you two fakers," Vic laughed.  He had noticed not 
only that most of the groping was aimed at the other girl's 
breasts, but that the blows were particularly gentle--more like 
fondling than fighting.  The two started laughing and hugged each 
other.

"Guess we can't fool you," his sister said.  "But it does 
look sexy--exotic, really."

"Yeah, you'll see," Anne chimed in.

"What do you know about exotic," Vic challenged Becky.  
"You've a sample of exactly one."

"One and a half," Becky said, remembering the glimpse of 
Bill's cock in Clancy's flashlight beam, but she knew he was 
right.

Anne turned off the water and the three of them towelled 
off.  Still following the first rule of showering with a friend, 
all worked on someone else's body, not their own.  Vic wound up 
by holding a different boob in each hand.

"So similar yet so different," he said, hefting the soft 
flesh he held.

"Same with cocks, cousin," Anne replied.  "Every man is 
different yet the same."

"Maybe.  How many shaved men have you had?"

"A few; you're the first I shaved myself, though.  How many 
shaved women have you had?"

"None.  Every one has had a bush."  The two of them looked 
at Becky.

"Oh-h-h-h no!" she said, covering her pubes with both hands.  
"I like my muff just where it is.  Anyway, I'm just starting.  
You're the adventuresome one, Anne.  How 'bout we shave you?"

Anne regarded her thicket, combing her fingers through the 
brunette sex-fur.

"It would be a contrast," she said thoughtfully.  "Probably 
itch like crazy when it grows back . . . Oh, what th' hell!  
Let's do it!  Bring the razor and some towels to my room."

The two cousins filched the razor, soap, and several towels 
while Anne went downstairs to the kitchen.  Two towels had been 
laid out on top of each other on Anne's bed when she came back 
with a bowlful of hot water and a pair of scissors.  Setting the 
bowl on the floor at the foot of the bed she sat on the edge and 
handed Vic the scissors.

"Here, Vic," she said.  "You can clip but I want Becky to do 
the shaving.

She lay back on the bed and spread her knees wide.  Vic 
knelt and regarded her exposed sexual apparatus.  He reached out 
with his left hand, grasped some of the pubic hair covering his 
cousin's love mound between thumb and forefinger and gently 
pulled it taut.  Snip! went the scissors and he laid the brunette 
tuft on the towel to reach for another pinch of kinky hair.  
Snip! again and her thatch had a definite sparse spot in it.

Slowly and carefully he denuded Anne's mons veneris until it 
was left with only irregular patches of stubble to mark where the 
lush foliage had been.  In a few more minutes he was done and 
most of Anne's bush was a generous, dark brown pile of hair on 
the towel.  The limits of her original muff was marked by the 
stubble that remained.  The still untouched pubic hair on either 
side of her gaping pussy looked odd by comparison and Vic lost 
little time thinning it out also.  He gathered up the fluffy pile 
and lowered it into the wastebasket by the desk in the room while 
Becky took his place between her cousin's knees.

Becky cupped a little water out of the bowl and applied it 
to Anne's stubbly crotch, wetting down the entire area.  She then 
picked up the bar of soap and dipped it into the bowl before 
working up a lather.  Setting the soap aside she applied the 
lather until Anne had her muff back--only composed of white 
soapsuds this time and not brunette hair.  Rinsing her hands, she 
dried them before picking up the razor.

"Hold still, cousin," she told Anne.  "Here comes the 
delicate part."

She drew the razor across Anne's love mound and could feel 
it slice through the stubble as it left a swath of bare, white 
skin behind it.  Becky dipped the razor in the bowl to rinse it 
the reapplied it to the stubble.  Soon the entire prominence was 
denuded, divided by the cleft that probably hadn't been seen in 
years.  Now it was time for the really delicate part.

"Help her hold her legs up, Vic," Becky commanded her 
brother and he climbed onto the bed next to his cousin.

He tucked his arm behind her bent knees as she lifted her 
feet from the floor and held her steady.  Slowly, so as not to 
make the bed move, he bent down and kissed her.  Anne opened her 
mouth in response and the two cousin's tongues played with each 
other as Becky finished denuding her pussy.

Grasping the white outer lips delicately between thumb and 
forefinger, the blonde girl pulled the proferred flesh smooth and 
ran the razor down the length of Anne's genitals, even into the 
valley between her ass cheeks, slicing the brunette hairs at the 
skin line as she went.  Reversing the direction, she pressed the 
head of the razor into Anne's sex-flesh, removing the slightest 
trace of stubble that remained behind, leaving the creamy skin 
smooth to the touch.  Becky shifted to the other side of Anne's 
sexual slit to repeat the process.  Because of her touches and 
the deep soul kiss she was receiving, beads of moisture were 
forming on the red rooster comb at the center of Anne's cunt.

"There, all done!" Becky exclaimed as she put down the razor 
and wiped the area with a damp towel to remove the last of the 
soap.

"Let's see!" Anne exclaimed and jumped up to move over to 
look in the mirror.  "Far out!" she said, startled by the 
difference.  Where before a dark brown mass of fur at the 
junction of her thighs had both drawn attention to her privates 
and hidden them from view, the clefted white flesh of her mons 
veneris stood fully exposed, looking both erotic and vulnerable 
at the same time.

"I look like a little girl!" she said, fingering the cleft.

"Not really," replied Vic and hefted one of her enormous 
breasts to remind her.  She reciprocated by reaching down and 
hefting his shaved ball bag.

"Mmmm, smooth," Anne said and Vic returned the favor by also 
reaching down to cup her pussy.  The two of them stood there a 
minute, kissing and masturbating each other.  Anne's hand danced 
up and down the length of Vic's erect shaft while Vic shoved his 
middle finger in and out of her wet cunt with squelching sounds.  
Anne broke the kiss first.

"Wanna fuck, cousin?" she asked.

"Try and stop me," Vic replied, and they disengaged.

Anne was hot and ready for sex so she wasted little time 
lying on her back and spreading her knees wide.

"Come on, stud," she pleaded.  "Put it in me!  I want to 
feel your bush tickle my clit!"

Vic knelt at his cousin's crotch and admired the denuded 
flesh she offered him.  Grasping his rigid cock he used it to 
force aside the ruffled red lips of Anne's inner cunt and wedge 
his cockhead just inside.  Then closing his eyes to savor the 
pleasure, he leaned forward and pushed his pole into Anne's 
steaming cunt in one smooth thrust.  Anne groaned as she was 
penetrated and she could, indeed, feel the feathery touch of his 
pubic hair on her clitoris as he lay full length in her.

After savoring the moment, Vic then started fucking his 
cousin with deep, deliberate strokes.  Anne began thrusting to 
meet him in the old rhythms of the two-backed beast.  Behind 
them, Becky moved to get a good view of her brother's penis as it 
plumbed the depths of Anne's cunny.  His balls danced in their 
naked sack as he strove to plunge ever deeper into Anne's wet. 
clasping pussy and Becky thought that they did look sexier.

Vic folded Anne tighter beneath him and rose up on his knees 
so that he eagerly plunged vertically into her.  He spread his 
thighs so that hers were between them and pinned so as to gain 
the deepest access.  This exposed his asshole between his ass 
cheeks, and Becky watched it tremble and wink with his exertions 
as he drove every last possible millimeter of his cock into the 
moaning woman beneath him.

As Becky watched, she suddenly remembered her own violated 
rectum and suddenly had an idea.  She searched through the 
twisted sheets on the bed until she found the double ended dildo 
she'd stashed there when Vic had first entered without knocking.  
After wetting the rubber dong in her mouth she crawled closer to 
the copulating couple and touched the end of the fake penis to 
Vic's anus.  He instantly stopped.

"What are you doing?" he asked.

"Screwing you in the ass, Vic," Becky replied and with a 
deft twist pushed three inches into her brother.  "Turn about is 
fair play."

"Yow, Hey!" Vic exclaimed as he was violated.  He could feel 
his sphincter stretching to accommodate the rubber phallus as his 
sister shoved it further in and he tried to relax his asshole.  
With a sudden rush another six inches vanished into his body and 
Becky started to slowly thrust the dildo in and out.  Vic began 
copulating again and started to enjoy the erotic effect.  He 
thrust forward, burying his cock deep into his cousin, then 
backed out and felt Becky bury her cock into him.  The feeling of 
fucking and being fucked at the same time was unique.

"Oh, man, this is something," he groaned and thrust one last 
time to achieve his climax.  His cock twitched inside Anne's 
pussy as he spurted his seed once more into her and he could feel 
the sympathetic pulsations in his ass as it clasped the dildo in 
him.

"Yes, Vic, yes!  Give it to me!" Anne exclaimed as she 
climaxed.  "Fill me with your cum, cousin!"

The two of them collapsed, panting and Becky pulled the 
double-ended dong out of Vic's ass.  Already excited by watching 
Vic and Anne's orgasms she wasted no time reversing it and 
putting the fresh end up her own cunt.  The horny blonde lay on 
her back with spread legs and used both hands to thrust the man-
substitute in and out.  The rhythmic shaking of the bed soon 
roused Vic from his post-coital stupor and he raised one elbow to 
watch his sister fuck herself a moment.

"Here, let me do that," he offered and took hold of the 
dildo as she released it.  He watched fascinated as for the first 
time he had a voyeur's eye view of his sister's cunt in action.  
She played with the stiff nipples on her breasts and started to 
thrust and twist her pelvis exactly like when he had been in her.  
Her moans grew louder and higher in pitch until suddenly her 
orgasmic flush enveloped her chest and face.

Vic found it harder to push the rubber dong into her as her 
pussy walls contracted and squeezed it.  Then with a sigh, she 
relaxed and opened her eyes.  With a slight sucking sound, Vic 
extracted the still firm dildo and watched the pussy juices 
dribble out of Becky's cunny.  "What would it be like to watch 
her fuck someone for real?" he wondered.

"That was wonderful," Becky said dreamily.  "Different, 
really, than when you're in me for real."  This gave Vic his 
opening.

"Getting tired of me already?" he teased.

"Oh, no!" his sister protested.  "It was just different, 
that's all."

"Would you like someone different for real?  It'd be a kick 
watching you in action."

"Why not?  I've done about everything else this week.  
Anyone in particular in mind?"

"Mmmm.  How about Tom?" naming one of his buddies.  "He's 
always seemed adventuresome."

"O.K.  He's good looking, too.  How about you, Anne?  Want 
to make it a full fledged orgy?"

"Count me in," Anne replied, wondering what had happened to 
the demure schoolgirl that had left for college a couple months 
ago.  "You can't have all the cocks in town."

"It's a date, then." Vic said eagerly.  "How about our place 
at about noon?  Mom and Dad will both be back at work then."
 

 
 
