---- 'Five miles to Minooka.' The excitement in me doubled at the
sight of the sign.

Jade and I became friends over the Internet, both avoiding the real
world. I think fate made us meet and become friends. We had both just
gotten out of abusive relationships and needed each other's
understanding to survive.

We lived about four hours from each other, so after talking a few
months we decided to meet. Jade seemed very dear to me, and had
become my closest friend.

She had found a hotel halfway between our towns and reserved our
rooms. I was so nervous I hunted down a restaurant right off the
highway, and sat for a minute to re-apply my lipstick. I then headed
for the hotel.

I gave the hostess my name and she smiled and said; "The other half
of your party is waiting at the table." A young, handsome waiter
escorted me to the table.

Jade practically jumped out of her chair and ran to me. I had been so
worried about how the first minute we met would go. We hugged, and
kissed each other's cheeks, as if we had been friends since high
school.

We talked about every major part of our lives, and even the minor
parts of them. We were still talking about high school when the cute
waiter took our orders. We talked about old boyfriends and the
trouble we caused. When our food arrived we were still laughing about
childhood like we were still kids. It was amazing--even though we
talked online all the time, I never imagined this day going so well.

I was sipping on my drink when I felt her leg run up my calf. I
wondered, was that an accident? Or is she coming on to me? I kept
questioning what happened, but my body was busy sending me signals.
It didn't matter really how it happened, what mattered was I liked
the feel of it. Should I attempt to rub her leg? I will know for sure
then if this is something...

I looked deep into her eyes as we talked so I could watch her
reaction. I slipped my foot out of my high-heeled shoe. Slowly I ran
the side of my foot up Jade's soft, well defined calf. I watched
carefully for her reaction. Her next breath was a little deeper the
corners of her lips lifted a little higher. I slowly caressed her
calf.

No more food was eaten. We played 'footsy,' caressing thighs and
massaging calves. The conversation didn't stop, and we had another
drink.

I was in my business suit, and the skirt and jacket were just
irritating at this point. Once I was back in my room I got out of my
suit and started unpacking for the night.

Jade had found out about the entertainment in town. It sounded like
we were going to a lounge with a live band. There was still time to
relax before I got ready, so I raided the mini-bar.

I don't know if it was the buzz the drink gave me or the thought of
Jade in the next room--but I had wonderfully warm sensations flowing
through my body. Slowly I finished my drink and then started to
shower.

The hot water was gently beating down against my skin, I could feel
every drop, and every drop drove my body wild. I wanted to be
touched, kissed, and held. Passion was pouring out of me, and it was
coming from somewhere deep inside. I had never felt this kind of
passion before. It was amazing, I could close my eyes and it was as
if each drop of water was someone else's fingertips against my skin.

When I was washing my hair, my hands become someone else's, Jade's,
massaging and pulling at my scalp; my body became even more aroused.
The anticipation of being with her tonight was starting to hurt. I
wanted to be with her now.

When I got out of the shower I threw on a purple silk slip and
started to do my hair. That was done in seconds; my hair is too short
to spend much time on. Tonight I needed to look better than I
normally did. I felt the need to impress Jade, even though we already
knew and cared for each other. Now that there seemed to be a sexual
underlining, the entire meeting ritual was somehow starting all over.

I was finishing my make-up when I heard a knock at the door. I went
to answer it, before realizing the knock wasn't at the front door,
but at the door adjoining my room to Jade's. Just the thought of her
at that door excited me. I opened it, and she stood there in a terry-
cloth robe, more attractive than ever. I felt a little insecure. She
was so beautiful, and I am so average. But the look in her eye said
something else. She couldn't take her eyes off me, and she stumbled
over her words.

"Can I borrow your hairspray? I seem to have forgotten mine." All I
could do was smile and say yes. When I turned toward the bathroom
Jade stopped me. "You look so beautiful in that slip." I started
blushing; I could feel the burning sensation in my cheeks getting
worse as I thanked her. "Is it silk?" I just nodded my head in
answer. Jade then proceeded to lay her hand on my waist to feel the
material. Only she didn't take her hand away.

I stepped toward Jade and kissed her. Just a small kiss almost no
pressure at first. That wasn't enough though; as soon as my lips
started to part from hers, I went to kiss her again. This kiss was
deep; I got chills up my spine.

We inched our way back toward the bed, kissing the entire time,
Jade's hands never leaving my waist. I had a handful of her hair, and
the soft terry-cloth kept my hand from the soft skin on her waist.
We sat on the bed kissing and caressing each other; I was scared to
think of the next step. I was also more excited then I had ever been
in my entire life. Jade leaned against me, laying me back onto the
bed. I knew I couldn't have made the next move, and she stepped right
in.

I closed my eyes as her lips brushed against mine. All the sensations
became more intense when she started nibbling at my neck and ear. I
could hear myself softly moaning, but I had no control over it. Jade
moved further down, taking my nipple into her mouth. The wet fabric
between my body and her tongue gently scratched at my nipple.

The touch of her lips stopped. All I wanted was more, so I opened my
eyes to see why she was backing off. Her shoulders were back; she was
arching her back and lifting her breasts. The soft white terry-cloth
fell silently to the floor. Her body was amazing, the large soft
breasts, the bronze of her tan skin, and the gentle curve of her
waist, all perfect.

Jade crawled back on top of me, kissing me so deeply; so
passionately. Her hand was gently pinching my nipple; her thigh
started caressing my pussy. She went back to nibbling at my silk-
covered breast. Her hand slid down my stomach, then down farther.
Pushing two fingers deep into my body.

My body was so wet and warm; I could feel the pressure already in my
stomach. I wanted her, and I wanted her badly. Her mouth moved
further down my stomach, as her hands ran up my thighs; I spread my
legs open a little farther. Pulling my slip up enough to reveal my
passionate 'V.' Jade pulled my thighs up and spread them, to gently
kiss my clit. All my body would let me do was moan. The touch of her
lips made the rest of the world disappear.

Jade ran her tongue up my wet, swollen flesh; all I could do was cry
out in pleasure. She thrust her tongue inside my body. My muscles
started to contract, and she pulled away again.

The sexual tension in my body was ready to be released. It couldn't
build anymore; at least I didn't think it could. When Jade pulled
away, though, the climax I was reaching was all of a sudden nowhere
near its peak. Jade was giving me little kisses all over my body,
each one creating more goose flesh.

Between each kiss she would whisper something new: "I want to taste
you badly." "Know you're ready to cum." "Just looking at you makes me
so wet." "Tonguing you is driving me wild." Each phrase making me
moan, making my body ache--making me call out for more.

Jade started sucking on my clit and my body couldn't contain it any
more. I started trembling as the orgasm rushed through me. I moaned
so loudly and called out her name "OH JADE!" I had a handful of her
hair, holding her against me. Everything rushed out of me so fast,
but the ecstasy seemed to be endless.

My body started to calm, I couldn't move, there was nothing left in
me. Jade was just lying there, softly kissing my wet contracting
petals.

She then climbed up to face level and put her arms around me. I
wanted to please her, make her feel the same pleasure I just had, but
when I turned toward her she just kissed me softly and said good
night. I fell asleep in Jade's arms, never wanting to return home.

I woke the next morning to find the spot next to me empty. I looked
around for a note, perhaps to explain her absence I found nothing. My
heart sank; I couldn't believe that she would just leave without
saying good-bye. I lay back down on the bed, thinking of a reason why
she would do what she did. I couldn't come up with anything, other
than the fact that I don't have the kind of body she did. That maybe
she regretted what she had done. Then I realized I was insane to feel
that way. I mean I had one night with her, and it had been a
wonderful one. So now if it's over, it's just time to go home...

I gathered all my things and starting packing them up, putting a few
things aside to get ready before I took off. I grabbed a drink out of
the mini-bar while I packed. I wondered why I had brought as much
stuff as I had--I was only going to be in this town for one night.
Maybe in my head something else was going on when I packed; who
knows. I mean I didn't even realize I was attracted to Jade until she
rubbed her leg against mine.

After I finished packing I jumped into the shower. This was bound to
be a longer shower; the water was so hot and relaxing. I could hear
nothing over the sound of the water beating down. I leisurely
caressed my body with the soap, moving constantly, but slowly, to
make the water strike down on different parts of my body, relaxing
all my muscles. Eventually I shaved and washed my hair. I think I
spent a good hour under the mesmerizing waterfall. I didn't even
realize I had been in the shower that long; it was as if I was in a
complete trance.

I gently patted my body dry and threw on the hotel robe. Surprisingly
it was very soft. I was combing out my hair when I heard Jade call
out: "Your breakfast is getting cold!"

Instantly a smile consumed my face. Here I thought she had just left
without a word, when she only went to get food. She told me why she
had been gone so long: "I wanted to be back before you woke up, but I
had trouble finding my way around this town!" My mind hadn't even
contemplated that simple reason for her absence.

She kissed me on the cheek as I walked out of the bathroom. We sat
down on the edge of the bed to eat. She had gotten donuts and coffee,
not sure what I would like. I wasn't really in the mood for eating
breakfast though; I had gotten so excited when I realized she was
back, the only thing on my mind was Jade. I ate anyway--she had taken
the time to buy breakfast, and it would have been rude to eat
nothing.

When I finished eating, I moved behind Jade and wrapped my arms
around her. She was still eating and I took advantage of it. I
proceeded to massage her shoulders, sliding her hair over her right
shoulder to expose her graceful neck. I didn't quite feel close
enough though, so I slid my body completely along hers. You could see
goose-bumps form on her arms as my breath ran across her neck. I ran
my tongue up her neckline, then softly blew a cool breath across the
wet spot. As my breath ran across that spot, she gripped my thighs
and delicately moaned.

I kept rubbing her shoulders as I kissed her neck; nibbling at it in
the sensitive spots. It was amazing how easy this was for me. I
thought that once I started to touch her I would shy away, but there
was no apprehension. I slid my hands down her sides, then onto her
stomach. Jade took my hands and placed them on her thighs. Guiding
them up and down the top of her legs. When she went to lead my hands
up again I slipped my fingers under the edge of her skirt and pulled
it up.

My fingers slid between her faintly opened legs, tenderly rubbing up
the heat of her panties. I could feel the moisture of her body
through the material, and it excited me all the more. Jade reached up
and ran her fingers through my hair, and with her other hand held me
against her. I suckled her soft skin and nibbled at her earlobe. My
fingers were caressing her clit. I felt like the entire scene was
right out of a movie, but it was real.

I turned to her and guided her back onto the bed. My leg was
uncomfortably stuck underneath her. I knew she had to have felt
cramped as well, but when our lips locked, being uncomfortable didn't
seem to matter anymore. We were in a passionate kiss when I cupped
her breast. Jade just felt so right in my arms.

I pulled myself on top of her, sliding my leg from underneath her. I
was kissing her when I slid her arms over her head, holding them
against the bed. Then I slid my fingertips down the length of her
arms, gently caressing the sides of her breasts. She was so beautiful
lying there. Slowly I started undoing her top, exposing her ample
breasts. Jade pulled herself up from the bed so that I could slide
her shirt off. Our lips never parted for more than a second.

Jade pulled at the tie of my robe, looking deeply into my eyes. I
stood and let the robe fall off my shoulders, not worried about how I
looked. Jade sat up and kissed my stomach, and a wonderful tingling
sensation ran down my spine. My head fell back as she gently bit at
my nipples.

Jade wrapped her arms around my waist and pulled me back down on top
of her. Her bra fastened in the front, so I quickly undid it. I
pressed my breasts against hers, rubbing up and down. The slight heat
from the friction between our bodies was so erotic. Jade said she was
about to cum, I couldn't believe it. We had only been messing around
at this point, but my body was very excited as well.

I wanted to taste her; I wanted to know the feeling of her passion on
my lips. I slid down to her waist, kissing her torso in a teasing
way. I undid her skirt and slid it down. She had this beautiful pair
of white lace panties on. I almost didn't want to remove them, but
them slid them down her legs. Jade said I didn't have to do it, if I
didn't want to, but I did want to, I almost felt like I needed to, it
was an experience I deeply wanted.

I ran my hands up her thighs, spreading her legs. I kissed her inner
thigh, and then moved a little closer in. Leaving a little kiss as I
moved up. Then I ran my tongue up the center of her body. Jade was so
wet, feeling how badly she wanted me excited me more. I sucked her
clit for a moment, and then looked up at her. She moaned softly as
her eyes were held shut. I pushed my tongue as deeply as I could into
her, as she played with her nipples. Then I proceeded to insert two
fingers inside her, pushing them in and out, playfully licking her
clit while I fingered her.

Jade's body started throbbing as I kept going. She was going to
climax. She held me tightly between her legs. I moved from the lips
to the clit, tickling and thrusting my tongue against it. She moaned
loudly as she reached her peak, and her hands fell to her sides. Jade
lay there breathing heavily. I had given her the same passion she had
brought out in me.

I looked over to the clock, and saw it was just short of check-out
time. Sadly, I showed Jade the time. She sat up next to me on the
bed, and said we would get together again. I kissed her softly and
agreed.

I finished packing and suggested she do the same, but she had already
packed up and put all her things in her car.

We kissed each other when we exited the hotel, promising to spend
time together again soon. I got into my car and drove off, with a
feeling deep in my heart that I would not be seeing Jade again.





 

 
