 was20 years old and I was in the 10th grade. I usually do all right in school but coming from an Indian family all right isn't good enough. So when my dad checked the mail and saw my report card that Saturday morning he was very upset. I thought that we were going to get out report cards handed out not in the mail! But he saw it and he got mad. I had plans for the night and so did my parents, they were planning to go to a friend of their house for a dinner party. I did not want to go because I would suffer from boredom but I had no choice in the manner after that.

I arrived with my parent's fashionably late. My parents were sitting with the other adults their age, and I was sitting watching TV with the other people that were not adults but not kids. The rest of the people that I was with were in their early twenties. Usually in Indian parties people don't eat till late. So it wasn't surprising that we didn't eat until 9. I got to admit that I was hungry and there was some great food.

I was the first person done eating and so I was just chilling, when I heard the bell ring. I was the only one that heard it so I decided to answer the door. I opened it to see my cousin who is 22 years old. She is one of the most beautiful people that I have ever seen. She has nice long legs. And beautiful breast easily a C cup. She has a nice tight looking ass as well. She was wearing a loose fitting black t tank-top type shirt, that was low cut revealing a little cleavage, and a long tight dress with a daringly high slit.

Since I was only 15 I was a very horny person. And just seeing her, after all of the fantasies that I had about her, made me immediately crack a boner. She gave me a hug, and I'm sure that she felt my dick pricking her, I was so embarrassed because I knew she couldn't miss it, but she seemed not to react. She walked in and I closed the door behind her. I turned around and she was bending over in front of me reaching down to take off her high heels. I got to see her perfect ass and her dress was so tight that I saw she must have been wearing a very thing G-string if anything at all. Then she saw that there was a chair by the door and she sat down to take off her shoes there. And I stood in front of her just to keep her company, she leaned forward and since her shirt was loose it was very easy to see down her shirt but before I had a chance too she looked up and asked me about my sister and brother. I couldn't resist so I answered her and made a swift glance at her breast. She wasn't wearing a bra! And I saw her nipples, which looked as if they were hard. It wasn't cold outside so I figured that I was just imagining that they were hard.

I was so horny that I had to look again but this time I couldn't look away, and I was surprised to hear her say that she couldn't find a bra, I looked at her face and she was smiling at me! I was so embarrassed that I had to just look down and I couldn't look at her face, I looked at my feet and then I saw it. There was a huge obvious bulge in my pants, and I looked at her to see her just glance it.

Then I told her that everyone was eating just to change the subject but she just slipped me a smile and said she would eat too. Then I led the way to the kitchen, but everyone was either at the table or eating with the adults so me and her were alone in the room were all the "kids" were before.

She had sat right beside me and we were watching TV. But even though my boner had subdued when she served her food it was back in full swing now there was nothing I could do to avert attention from it and she saw it. She just acted like she was concentrating on eating though, so I decided to just act like I was watching TV when suddenly I felt something grab hold of my cock. I looked at her and she was smiling. She unzipped my pants and my dick just sprung out. She grabbed it and then set her plate down on the table. I already had some pre cum coming out, and she licked it. And then just started to hammer my cock with her mouth. I couldn't hold it and shot my load within a minute. She swallowed all of it and she gave me a long wet kiss. Then I grabbed her breast and lifted up her shirt, and her nipple was hard as a rock. I sucked it hard and long. Then she lifted up her dress and fingered her self. But I took her fingers and sucked them of all of their sweet juice. I looked down at her clean- pussy, and started to lick it. Then I just couldn't control my self and before I knew it I had pussy juice all over my face. She had a nice orgasm and then she said that we should clean up, so we went to the bathroom and she locked the door.

Then she turned around and stripped she bent over the counter and asked me to fuck her hard and long. I was scared because even though I had fooled around with girls I was still a virgin. I asked if we need a condom and she said just to pull out when I was going to cum, so I said okay. I started to fuck her doggy style and then she said STOP so I did. Then she told me to give it to her in her ass and to come in her ass. I said okay, and to my amazement my cock just slipped right in. even though it was hot in there, it was the greatest feeling of my life. I just hammered it and I was able to hold on this time. When I shot my cum in her, she also had an orgasm. Then I licked her pussy some more, and we kissed, then she just wiped up and walked out. I was shocked so I cleaned my cock and walked out as well. She didn't even look at me the rest of the night. And for the next year we didn't really talk. And I didn't know why. But then I saw her at the beach, and that is a whole other story.
vBulletin(R) v3.6.8, Copyright (C)2000-2008, Jelsoft Ente