My name is Sonia; I am 32, married. My husband, Ashish, is a businessman, I am quite happy with my married life. I am saying quite because I don't get fair amount of sex from him as he remains out of town for at least fifteen days in a month. Today, I am going to narrate the things I am doing for the last two years when he is out of town.

I shall start from the beginning; it was March 2005. It was a Saturday morning and Ashish had a train in the afternoon so I was busy packing for him and the doorbell rang. I asked Ashish to answer the door as he was in the lobby and I was in the bedroom. When I heard Ashish giggling I wondered and went to check whom was he chatting with.

When I entered the drawing room it was Sanjay, my younger brother. When he looked at me he greeted me "hi sis, how are you". "How are you, I am doing fine" was my reply. Sanju was looking me from head to toe, then I realized that he was doing so because I was wearing a shear t-shirt and a shorts, which I generally wear at home, you know climate gets hot in this month.

After this introduction I went in and first of all I changed into a pair of jeans and a graceful t-shirt then I arranged for some coke and snacks and went in again. After settling down I came to know that he have some entrance exam tomorrow, near our place and he was going to stay here for the night.

On the first thought it seemed ok to me but when I realized that as Ashish is going and it will be he and me at the night I a kind of got exited, I thought it will be nice as we can talk late at night as old times and will catch up the things that are happening at my native place. The time passed very fast that afternoon, before anyone realized the time to go to the railway station came.

Sanju also accompanied us to the station. My mood was a bit off because we didn't got time for a quickie, which we do every time when Ashish has a train in the afternoon, but it was ok. To be frank I don't like the quickies, I love the long love making sessions. When we reached the station Ashish sent Sanju to call for a coolie in the meanwhile he kissed me deep in my mouth

and along with that he fondled my tits by inserting his hand in my t-shirt from over my bra, his act made my cunt moist and I felt very sexy. In return I also pressed his semi erect cock from over his pants. After he was gone I drove back with Sanju sitting next to me. On the way we got some lunch packed as nothing was cooked at home.

On reaching home, I showed Sanju his room so that he can place his things in there and get himself fresh before the food. I also went for a bath and got my self comfortable in my usual outfit that is a sheer t-shirt and a shorts, while I was putting those on I remembered the way Sanju looked at me when he came.

I thought it was ok as he is a grown up man now, more over I also like showing my assets, what if he was my brother I let it go. After having the food, I went to my room and he went to his. I was watching tv, then after some half an hour or so he came to my room and said "sis, I am getting bored can I come and sit with you" I said "sure, I'll love to chat with you, I didn't ask you

earlier because I thought you might be tired and need some rest." Then he said, "I can even rest here, with you". Then he came and sat next to me, on the bed, and both of us started to watch tv. Then after a ten mins or so he said' "so sis, how are you. How's life, its been long that we two sat like this and talked" I then said " I am fine and happy, life is also going on smooth, you tell what's happening on your end, how's mom and dad".

"They are fine and so am I" was his reply. Then we started to chat about all the things, things happening at my native place, mom's health, dads drinking problem and all the family stuff. After about an hour or so he all of a sudden asked "hey sis, why haven't you guys planned a family yet" I then said "shut up, its non of you business" he then said " its not me asking so, its mom who told me to ask you" then there was a silence for some time.

Actually I was figuring out what to say, I wanted to say that my husband doesn't fucks me enough, but I didn't say anything. Then all of a sudden he took my hand in his hand and said "sis, you can tell me, I am your well wisher" but I still remained silent, as I didn't want to lie to him but at the same time was not able to tell him the truth, if he had not been my real brother I would have told him the truth.

Anyways I some how changed the topic and we again started to chat as before but he didn't leave my hand. Some time passed by and I asked him about his life, his college life, and his girls. He told me all about his college life and about his friends and the things he and his gang does. But when is repeated the question about the girls, he after some hesitation started to tell a little, he was actually shying.

He told me that, he had a girlfriend earlier but have broke up with her now actually she dumped him. He continued that after her he has not been steady or emotional with any one else. He then told me that nowadays he is going around with some girl, her name is Tanisha, she was her classmate in his graduation but at that time they were just friends and now they are quite close.

I quickly asked "how close" he answered "very close" I again asked "are you serious with her or ..." he then quickly answered "no not at all, we are just filling each other's emotional and physical needs". I then asked "you mean to say that you do with her" he didn't wasted a second and said "ya, we do it quite often at her place, both of her parents are working and that gives us a lot of time to spend together."

I got a bit surprised and at the same time it also made me a kind of proud too that my brother is going good. The very next thing I asked him was that "so, Sanju how often do you two do" he answered "its like three to four times in a week". With every passing question he was becoming more and more open and his shyness was vanishing and so was mine, I was also getting more and more involved in this conversation.

Anyways my curiosity made me ask the next very obvious question that "so, tell me when did you last made love to her" he said "yesterday" I don't know what happened to me that "wow that's cool" came out of my mouth. This made him look straight to my face. Then he asked "sis don't you make out that often" I wanted to say we do every night but truth came out of my mouth

"no dear, he doesn't have time and interest nowadays" after saying this a sad look came on my face and his too. Then he again looked in my eyes and we remained silent for some time. Then after silence for some time he again took my right hand in his hand, as he was laying on my left and said, "sis you are very beautiful" "what make you say this" was my question.

He didn't answer that instead asked, "now you tell how often do you guys do" it was just unbelievable that I was talking to my younger brother like this but it was feeling nice. I didn't answered him instead I asked him to shut up and talk something else but he insisted and said "look sis I answered to all your questions and its now your turn, tell me, it all will remain between you and me.

Now start else I am leaving." Then he left my hand and started to move away. I then, took his left hand in my right one and stopped him and said "ok what ever you say" then he again got laid next to me and I said "ok now ask what you want to know, but if I ever come to know that you had disclosed anything to anyone, including Tanisha, I swear I am not going to see your face

again" he then promised me that he won't and asked "tell me how often and when was the last time when you did it" I after a pause said " we hardly do it, its like once in a ten days, actually half the month he is out and on the rest of the days he is busy and is most of the time tired when he comes to home but its ok" he then said "its not ok" he then asked, "so when was the last time" I said, "last Saturday".

I then said, "I answered your questions, is it over now, lets talk something else." He said "no its not over, I am getting angry at Ashish how can he do this to my sister who happens to be so beautiful and this is very unfare" I then asked "hey Sanju what's the matter with you, you are finding your sister very beautiful today." To this he said " you are not just beautiful, you are very

sexy too" I then asked him to shut up but he continued "you know you just knocked me out when I looked at you this afternoon, when I saw you in these shorts and t-shirt at that time." he then added "as a matter of fact you are looking even more sexy now." his words were hitting me hard, I started to feel nice and sexy myself. He then continued saying " sis you have got a great

body, any one can do any thing to get it, you have a pretty face, nice figure and above all tits to die for" I don't know how but he was making me weak at my knees and on top of it I even felt my cunt getting moist. But I didn't encourage him and remained silent as he was my brother and no sister should get wet by her brother. I wanted to stop this conversation and to ask him to leave the room but something in me was stopping me to do so.

I think he was also getting exited as he now turned himself facing me and was eagerly waiting for something to come out of my mouth but I remained silent and he finally broke the silence and said "don't you think so." Then I said, "Sanju if someone else would have said so I would have slapped him." He then took my hand to his face and kissed it and said "I love you sis" I again was clueless how to react so I quickly pulled my hand back.

He then again, this time more boldly took my hand in his and kissed it again and then he came close to me and kissed me on my cheek. I then pushed him back but he seemed stop less, he again came a bit over me and took my face in his hands and tried to kiss me on my lips but I forcefully managed to stop him and angrily asked him to leave. Then he moved a side and laid silently for some time, I also moved a bit side and sat away from him.

After about ten mins he started to apologize, I also forgave him fast. He then said "actually sis, the thing is I was feeling sorry for you and thought as I already promised you that all this will remain between us". To this I said "Sanju, this is not done you are my brother and this is not allowed in our society." He then replied "don't give me this society crap, I know we are bro n sis but before that we are two humans, a male and a female who have their needs.

I know you are not getting as much of sex you need, you know sex is the most beautiful thing in this world, I mean I was just trying to help you, which you admit or not you need." He was now again turned toward me and I was also getting influenced with his saying. He then continued "sis do one thing forget that I an your brother for some time and let me do some to you after that, if you want I will never do any such thing or even think of such thing again."

He then came close to me, by now, my hormones were also a kind making me to surrender to him, and planted a quick kiss on my cheek. I think he was testing me. When I didn't reacted to it in any way he got bolder and again took my face in his hands and kissed me full, this time I didn't resisted but at the same time didn't also participated in the act. Then after kissing me he again went to his place next to me.

Then he placed his hand on my belly and moved it in my t-shirt, he then moved it farther up and reached my bra. On this I took hold of his hand and stopped him and looked in his eyes and asked him "Sanju are you sure, is it right" he then instead of replying kissed me in an answer. Then he got his hand loose form my grip and headed farther and pulled my bra up and released my tits, it felt nice.

He then took my tits in his hands one by one along with that he moved his thumb on my nipples. My nipples reacted fast and became hard, my cunt also started to secrete the love juices. Then I turned my face toward him and he placed his lips on mine, I then opened my mouth and let him insert his tongue in my mouth. We then rolled each other's tongue and he also started to chew my lips, it was feeling great, to be frank I now really wanted him to take me.

He was now pressing my tits vigorously, and then he broke the kiss and took off my t-shirt in one quick swap. After that he took his mouth down on them and started to eat my nipples and I closed my eyes in ecstasy, he was doing it very nicely like an experienced man. By now he was like over me and I was a kind of feeling his cock growing on my bare thighs, when I felt it I opened my eyes to have a look of it, it was appearing to be big though it was still in his shorts.

After eating my tits well he moved farther down and started to kiss and lick my belly and continued to move farther down when he reached my shorts he literally tore them down along with my panties. Now my wet cunt was in front of his lusting eyes. He then opened my legs by placing his hands in between my knees, by now I was totally in his control.

He then dived his head in between my legs and kissed my wet cunt, it felt so nice that a loud moan came out of my mouth. This was the very first time that someone kissed my cunt, Ashish never did it, thought I have blown him a lot of time but he never ate me. Sanju was now licking my cunt and I was continuously moaning louder and louder. He too was enjoying my moaning, I was moaning with every lick. He was amazing he made me come real fast.

Then after my coming, he didn't stop instead he increased the speed of his licking and sucking, with every lick he used to suck my clit and believe me it was the best feeling I ever had. By now I placed my hand over his head and was also pushing his head down with every suck. I came again and then he stopped and looked up at me, his face was fully covered with my love juices and he looked very sexy.

Then he came and lay besides me, and then he took off he shorts and his hard cock sprang up. I immediately took hold of it, it was big, bigger than Ashish's and thicker too. Then I started to move it a bit up and down and he moaned. Wow, he sounded great, he then said "take it in your sweet mouth" and I did so.

I moved down and took its big head in my little mouth, actually I was not used to such a thick cock, its head was even thicker. I then some how managed to take it in, then when I rolled my tongue on its head he moaned loudly, this gave me encouragement and took it deep in my mouth and started to move up and down. He then took my tits in his one hand, as I was lying with my legs towards him and with the other hand he was playing with my cunt.

After some mins I felt it stiffening, he was going to come, but I didn't stop instead increased my movements, then with in no time he exploded in my mouth. I kind of got choked but some how managed to take it out and let his cum flow out of my mouth, some of it also went down my throat but it was ok, I was used to it as Ashish always make me drink his cum.

Sanju's cum was in large quantity. Then I reached his mouth and kissed him full and made him taste his cum too, which, Ashish never lets me do. Then he came to lie next to me and I was watching his cock getting limp but some semen was still oozing out of it. After ten mins or so he again got active, he whispered in my ears "sis that was the greatest blow job I ever had, though Tanisha does it but you are an expert."

Then I replied "Sanju you also ate me great and it was the first time that I got myself eaten." To this he said "really, Ashish doesn't eat you, if you want I can eat you every day and night." On this I asked him to shut up, instead he kissed me again, fully. In the next moment he was fondling with my fully exposed tits along with the kiss. In no time I again felt fluid flowing from my crack and I whispered in his ears "take me".

He didn't wasted a second and came over me, I opened my legs in his welcome, then he placed his thing in between my wet cunt and with a gentle push he inserted it in. it was quite thick and I was not used to it and I had some problem taking it in, it was like paining but I was liking it. He, very soon got almost of it in me, his cock was touching the never touched places in my cunt.

His cock made my whole cunt to stretch; it was like my cunt was full. He gained his rhythm very soon as an expert; I too started the cries of pleasure with his moves. It seemed as if he was getting deeper and deeper with his every stroke. He was now fucking me furiously, as if I was a whore, to be frank I liked this thought, to be his whore, I was getting out of control with pleasure.

I next couple of seconds I felt coming, so I shouted, "Sanju, I am coming, I am coming" to this he increased his speed and I came immensely with a loudest moan. He was pumping me so good that as soon as I overcame my last orgasm I came again but he was unstoppable, I felt his cock getting bigger after I came he was also moaning loudly, I felt he was going to come but I didn't want him to come so soon, I wanted to enjoy more.

I think he read my mind because he suddenly stopped and took his cock out and made himself stop from coming. Then he asked me to come over him. I happily agreed. He then came to lie beneath me and I went over him. His cock smoothly slid in my now wide cunt. I was looking in his eyes and he was looking at his cock getting disappear in my cunt. Then I started the ride, initially slowly, and gradually gaining pace.

As I gained pace he started to moan and I too felt good that I was able to make this hunk feel good. After a min or two of pumping his cock, he was in totally in my control and I was also getting hornier and hornier as in this way I was able to get more and more of his cock in me. He then pulled me down and took my tits in his mouth and started to suck my nipples one by one with every stroke of mine.

He ate my nipples so violently and that felt so nice that I again came, when I came I stopped for a moment but again started to ride. Then after a min or so I again felt his cock growing bigger and getting stiffer, I knew he is going to come soon. So I starter to jump faster and asked him to come in me, as those were my safe days, then after a couple of more strokes he started to

shout, like me "sis, I am coming, I am coming" on this I went down and kissed him on his lips and he came, he literally pushed me up in the air with his butt hanging in air. His cock in me became stiff and he came in at least ten spasms. It felt really very good. It was the best fuck for me till that date.

After that, I came down with my brother's semen flowing out of my cunt and his cock also had a layer of his semen mixed with my fluids on it. Then we laid there in each other's arms in nude till night. Then at night after dinner and all we did it again. Then next day also and we are doing it every time Ashish goes out of town, it takes just one phone call for me and he comes immediately. He has also got broke off with Tanisha, and now he is only mine.

