

Ankit Fucking Busty College Babe Shivi - III
Posted on December 1, 2016 12:00 PM, Filed under College Sex
Previously: Ankit Fucking Busty College Babe Shivi - II

Shivi woke up early in morning. While I was still in bed, she went to shower and freshen up. I woke up when she entered the room in just towel, when I looked at her she smiled and started getting ready. I hurriedly put on my clothes and left for my room in order to get ready.

I went inside my washroom, put on the taps and bolted the door and I kept looking in the mirror while doing brush and thinking of what I did last night. I kept on thinking whether I was doing right and how I got swayed in emotions and lust taken over me.

I got deep into thinking and didn't realise how much time passed, then I heard a gentle knock on door, Shivi said breakfast was ready and I should come quickly till its hot. I freshen up quickly and then went to dining table, she laid out the table for me. I sat and she served, she didn't look me in the eye and I also avoided talking unless required.

It was little uncomfortable for both of us. I asked her what was the time for exam, she told me 11 so I told that we should leave in an hour to reach, she said ok and went to her room to study. In the mean time I washed the plates and went to my room to get ready. I was still thinking all the time of what all I did last night and whether she was angry, ashamed or liked what we did.

I got ready and called her out to go. When she came out she was locking stunning, she wore a body hugging kurti and payjama. She carried her bag and sat on my bike. While I kept driving I felt her body hugging me and her hand around my waist. I thought it was a good sign and started talking to her and asked her questions on various subjects, she prepared well.

During the ride I felt her breath on my neck and it immediately turned me on. I had a boner when I dropped her to exam center, I intentionally hugged her and told her all the best and that I would come and pick her up in 3 hours since she was not allowed to carry the phone.

I came home and went to toilet to jerk myself while thinking of her, it was the biggest relief I got. I went to a friend's place to stop myself from masturbating and spend the time. As the time came I went to pick her up, she came smiling from the center and jumped to hug me. We embraced a little and I took her to lunch and she was telling me all about the paper.

She was happy about the exam so we decided to celebrate it with a movie. We went to see some bollywood flick and during the movie she held my hands and kept her head on my shoulder. As soon as we finished the movie we both decided to get home. This time when she sat on my bike she hugged me from behind,

kept both her hands on my thigh and her chin on my shoulders and as I was driving, her boobs were thrusting by back and I was getting hard. She them purposely moved her hand towards my crotch area.

I was getting excited and full of lust, she then placed her right hand over my cock massaging and whispered "I see you missed me a lot today" in my ears, and I kept my hand over her hand saying "you have no idea how much". I rushed back home, gave her the keys to open the lock while I parked my bike.

With each moment I was getting high with excitement, I could not contain myself so I rushed upstairs. I locked the doors and went straight to her room, but it was locked and she said from inside to give her 5 minutes. I came to my room, had a light bath and changed into something comfortable.

I went in to check on her, her room, the door was closed so I turned the knob and it opened. The room was dark except the bed lamps were lit. I saw Shivi sitting in the corner on bed wearing a long t-shirt and nothing else. I could see her milky fleshy thighs and her long smooth legs resting on bed. I came inside the room and closed the door behind me.

I sat next to her, her hairs were open and I could smell her perfume, she smiled mischievously looking into my eyes. I was going crazy with each moment, I felt like digging my claws into her body and biting every inch of her. She came closer while still looking into my eyes smiling and I placed my hand behind her head lightly and moved my head to kiss her.

Our lips met and it was soft and tender kiss at first, we nibbled each other's lips for a while. Then our tongues met and we started vigorously exploring each other's mouth. I moved my hand from her head to her back and started rubbing it lightly, this encouraged her further so she pressed her lips with more force and started biting my lower lip.

I was going crazy and excited with our liplock, the smell of her, the feel of her body and my erection. With one hand I yanked her hairs back and started biting her neck and my other hand was supporting her back, she left a soft moan aaaaaahhhhh. And then I moved to her earlobe and sucked it. She shivered a little and her moaning went a little deep.

She clenched my hairs and pressed my head. I was now nibbling in her ears which turned her on a lot, and then I started licking her chin and neck, it excited her more and her breathing increased, Shivi suddenly grabbed my t-shit and removed it, she gave quick kisses to my neck and chest and my lips, she was going mad with excitement.

I found this as perfect opportunity to remove her top, I pulled her top and threw it and then I pulled her head aside and dig my teeth into her shoulder. She lied on bed and pulled me on her top, and I moved to her other shoulder and bit it, she scratched my back with a loud moan. The excitement was maddening and I licked her from her shoulder to her left boob.

Shivi had small and pink areola with prominent slightly dark nipples. Her massive boobs were her appeal and I tried to put them in mouth as much as I can. I put her boobs into my mouth and rolled my tongue on her nipples. All this time Shivi was moaning in excitement.

Then I moved to her other boob and did the same, this time she dug her nail into my back, it excited my more so I bit her nipple lightly and began sucking them. I could feel that Shivi was high in excitement as her nipples were jutting out. I kissed her from her cleavage to and licked her to her naval, I used my teeth on her waist and bit lightly and then kissed it.

I moved back to her boobs and stated licking and nibbling on her nipples. After few moments she pulled me up and kissed me passionately, she rammed her tongue inside my mouth and bit hard on my lips. She was madly kissing me everywhere and then she grabbed me by her legs on my waist.

She pulled me further up and kissed my chest and bit them, she started licking my chest and she put hands inside my lower and grabbed my ass. I found her this act quiet amazing. And with help of her hand and legs, she pulled down my lower and grabbed my dick. She started stroking it vigorously.

I let her stroke it coz I wanted to cum so bad, so I moved further up and had her head over my balls. She started sucking my balls laying underneath me and while stroking my dick. She took turns to suck each of my ball and licked the base of my penis. She lubricated my penis with her saliva and started stocking hard and fast.

I felt like cumming I pushed my penis into her mouth and started stroking to myself. I felt Shivi was expert in blow jobs. As soon I put my penis inside her mouth she started sucking the head as well as kept using her tongue while moving her head to and fro on my penis to create suction. I was in seventh heaven.

With right hand I was stroking my penis and with left I kept pressing her boob. And a moment came when Shivi looked directly in my eye while sucking, I lost the little control that I had on myself. She looked deep into my eyes as if she wanted me to relax and reassure me to take my time and cum in her mouth.

The sight of her looking into my eyes made me absolutely mad and I exploded into her mouth with a huge grunt and seeing me in ecstasy she grabbed my dick from me and started stroking it herself and kept on sucking. It was the kind of pleasure that I never felt before, I kept cumming into her mouth and she kept sucking every last drop of it.

Even though I was spent but I was still excited coz Shivi had this unusual effect on me, I did not wanted our session to last so I moved down on her, I could feel her heart racing with our love-making. I kissed Shivi on her lips, we used our tongue for a while and then I moved towards her chin. Then I licked Shivi's massive boobs and licked all the way to her navel.

Then I kissed on her thighs and used my teeth to touch her inner thighs, they were fleshy and smooth. I licked all the way from her thigh to her knees. Shivi grabbed my hair and directed my head towards her love hole. I touched her labia with my tongue, they were swollen. Shivi had no hair on her pussy and it was fair as her skin.

I kissed her pussy lips and then moved my tongue all around it. This act of mine deeply aroused her, she started moaning. Then I moved further in and used my mouth to such while I touched her clitoris with my wet lips, it sent an electric shock in her whole body. Shivi grabbed the bed sheet in ecstasy, I kept on licking her clitoris alternatively with my lips and tongue.

Shivi started twisting in bed, and at this moment I inserted my middle finger into her pussy while licking the clitoris. This excited her more, she was moaning with deep breath. I put both her legs on my shoulder and used the other hand to pub her pussy lightly. Shivi yanked my hands from her pussy and scratched on them.

Now inserted my index finger along with my middle finger and started fingering her while feeling the inner walls of her pussy. Her pussy was so wet my now that it was literally leaking and my palm was wet with her pussy juices. I kept on fingering her and licking her clitoris while Shivi kept on twisting on bed with moans getting louder and louder.

At one point I felt the inner muscles of her pussy contracting on my fingers and I saw that Shivi's body went stiff and in the next moment juices came flowing out, she grabbed my hand away from her pussy and started breathing as if she ran a mile. I laid beside her and she indicated me not to touch her at this moment and she kept on breathing heavily.

I got concerned the way she was breathing so I went to pick up a bottle of water, when I came she got little easy and I offered her the bottle. I drank a lot and smiled. She pulled me on bed and laid in between my legs, I asked what happened then she said

"yaar when I get excited a lot, like A LOT and when I orgasm my body becomes too sensitive for touch, aisa lagta hai uss time ke I'll die with so much excitement and pleasure". And then she laid beside me smiling. I could feel from her expression that she enjoyed and wanted more...

And then Shivi started kissing me, I responded and moved my hands on her boobs. She took my hands and indicated me to pinch her nipple. I kissed her hard since I was getting arouse. I kept on massaging her boob and she kept on chewing my face. Shivi slid her hand down and grabbed my cock, she started stroking it, and we kept doing that for a while till I got hard enough.

So without wasting more time I got up and sat between her legs, pulled by foreskin and placed my cock head on her pussy. I looked into her eye and saw lust, she wanted me to go in so I pushed my head in. It was slime and slippery so it went in without much resistance. And when I was in it felt heavenly. Shivi bit her lower lip and moved her legs further apart to facilitate me more.

I started pushing myself slowly in and out. I kept a slow pace to excite her more. My penis was covered in her lubricant and she kept leaking. I increased my pace steadily, Shivi grabbed my head and started kissing me wildly while she wrapped her legs around my hips and with her legs she started controlling my pace. I started biting her neck and she started moaning.

As my pace increased to thrusting she began to moan loudly. She ran her hand through my hair and bit her lip all the while I was ramming her cunt. She got so excited that she pushed me beside her and came on top of me without letting me out of her pussy. She sat and me and started moving her hips in rhythmic motion. I grabbed her waist and dug my fingers deep.

She kept moving and riding my cock with increasing her movements. I held both her hands to support her, after few moments she held my shoulders to increase her thrust and stimulate her clitoris and in next moment she left out a cry ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.

I also wanted to cum so I took Shivi down and started spooning her. She knew that I wanted to relieve myself badly so she raised her leg a little to help me come inside her from behind. I moved my penis inside her and began moving, she moved along with my pace to stimulate me.

We both were profusely sweating, I could feel sweat on Shivi's neck and forehead, we were drenched in each other's sweat and we kept going. I kept one hand under her head and used the other to massage her sweaty boob. I kept moving in and out and she started breathing heavily oooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ummmmmmmmmmmmmhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.

This turned me on and now I started pounding her wildly and she closed her legs around my cock to grip it and grabbed my head and pulled my hairs. We both were moving in same rhythm, she was moving to and fro with my thrusts and the whole bed was shaking with our movement.

The sensation was almost killing me and I looked at her sweaty face, her erotic expressions and before I could control any further, I came hard inside her, I kept thrusting and she kept screaming till there was no drop left.

We both were now profusely perspiring, Shivi turned around and kissed me, and she looked me deep in the eyes and locked lipped again. It was such a lovely feeling and I wrapped her in my arms and kissed her neck from back and that night I had the most content sleep of a lifetime.