It was late, William was running behind as usual. Luckily I knew that he was normally late. I had prepared the night for such a set back, but it was William and he was the first boyfriend in months that had been worth the wait. Perhaps it was his tall 6’3 frame with the wide shoulders, maybe it was his strong athletic body, it could possibly be his Scottish accent on my American ears that made my body tingle with anticipation. All I knew was when he kissed me my mind forgot all else existed. I lost all contexts of reality and where space and time met. The world spun out of control and the oceans boiled within my soul.
I checked twice that the room was set. Candles only, slow sexy music, and my favorite green silk sheets on the bed. I checked quickly in the mirror as the key turned in the lock. My chestnut hair fell gracefully about my shoulders, in nice contrast to my pale skin, the blue silk nightgown I wore graced the floor yet sliced up my leg high on my thigh. The low neckline showed my ample breasts begging to be touched. “That time will come later.” I thought to myself tonight is for some playtime only.
I met William at the door with a scotch in hand he smiled sweetly as he took it from me. “Good evening darling” He wrapped his other arm around me pulling me close to his massive chest. Even at 5’7 and in three-inch heels he dwarfed me. His lips graced mine and eliminated any doubt that a twenty-minute wait for him was well worth it. His tongue parted my lips and my mind parted my body. In those few seconds as his tongue stroked mine the entire world disappeared around us. He was the only thing that existed and the only reason I existed was to please him.
“You’re not dressed to go anywhere darling?” his eyes were undressing me as his gaze left mine and explored my body.
“Sure, I am.” I tugged on his hand and led him to the bedroom. I opened the door and exposed the romantic setting I had created. I watched his face for a change in expression his gaze never left me.
He willingly let me lead him closer to the bed. I kissed him passionately pressing my silk clad breasts against his chest I leaned into him. His hands moved down my body and I shivered slightly as his large hands pushed the silk straps off my shoulders. My skin tingled at his touch as the gown fell
I moaned as his hands moved over my breasts his fingers touching my nipples briefly then moving on down my body. I pressed my hands against his then pulled them away from my body.
“No, no, baby. Not yet.” I smiled wickedly as my fingers started unbuttoning his shirt. One by one I exposed his chest, the muscles flexing beneath my fingers as I toyed with the black hair, his breath against my skin was sending chills down my spine and I loved every second of it. I wanted him touching me so bad, but not yet, not until I fulfilled a more playful hunger.
I slid the shirt over his shoulders letting my fingers play along his muscles on his large arms. I watched as it fell to the floor. I slowly let my hands run back down his chest. His smile was so sexy, I was having a hard time just teasing.
I unfastened his belt, then the clasp on his slacks. I pushed them off of his hips. My hands fondled his excitement through his silk boxers.
“Would my dearest like a blowjob?” I purred at him, waiting for the answer.
He sucked his breath in as I squeezed his balls beneath the silk. He just nodded. I knelt to my knees.
I pulled his boxers down to his ankles with his pants. His large cock springing to life before my lips. I ran my tongue over the head, looking up at him to watch his face as I took him into my mouth. His eyes closed as I sucked his shaft deep into my throat. I gently fondled his balls in my hands as his found their way to the back of my neck. I moved my lips up and down his length slowly stroking him.
My breasts pressed against his large thighs as I sucked him deep into my mouth the smooth head of his cock tickling my tonsils with every stroke. Then I pulled away letting it slide out with a popping sound. I pushed him back against the bed and opened the drawer in the table beside.
“What do you have in mind my pet?” He spoke softly and I nearly melted.
“I’m sweetening my dessert.” I giggled as I spoke.
He smiled a bit unknowingly as I pulled a few items from the drawer.
“Dearest, I want you to close your eyes and enjoy the next little bit of the evening.” I giggled as he did what I asked. I started with decorating the base of his cock with sliced strawberries, then I coated his churning balls with chocolate sauce, I pressed my chocolate covered fingers to his lips letting him lick the sweet sticky from my tips.
I then started with the whipped topping I started with a small dots leading from the base of his neck down to his cock, I circled the cold fluffy ribbon the entire length of his large staff. To finish it all off I placed a cherry against the tip. By this time he’s nearly laughing at my touch, A problem I would soon remedy.
“Now to start at the bottom or the top?” I questioned out loud then pressed my lips to his, his beard tickling my neck as I moved from his lips to his neck. I then ran my tongue over his adam’s apple. Then down his chest licking the sweet white crème from every spot it touched. I came to his wonderful staff. What a tasty treat I ran my tongue over it slowly, as I came to the bulbous head I engulfed it, the whipped crème filling my cheeks as I swallowed him down as far as I could in one stroke. I heard him moan, I twirled my tongue against his skin, licking and sucking the sticky sweetness from it, I stroked his cock with my cheeks slowly feeling his cock throbbing within my hot wet mouth. My lips covered with the sweet topping as I licked at the berries at the base. I was totally enjoying my dessert.
When I was sure I had licked his beautiful cock completely clean I moved to his chocolate covered jewels. I delighted in his sigh as I sucked and licked the wonderful sauce from his churning balls. I stroked his smooth cock with my hands still lubricated with my saliva it stroked easily. The mixture of sweetness and sex causing me such an arousal I was nearly ready to come without even being touched. My pussy was so wet and throbbing, my nipples were aching, and I was finally ready to do something more serious than just play.
William must have sensed my heating need because his hands found my breasts, moving slowly over them he pinched my nipples and I moaned. His hands moving further down my sides as I slowly crept up his body. I licked the side of his neck as I slowly slid my pussy over his hard cock, it stretching the walls slightly I sighed as I felt the throb within my body.
His hands rested on my hips as I worked his massive member with my warm wet kitty. I ground my hips into his as I rotated my clit against the base of his cock. My pussy throbbed against him, and I quicken the pace as orgasm was eminent. His hands once again finding my breasts he rolled my nipples between his fingers, I closed my eyes as orgasm erupted within my body. William smiled as I whimpered and moaned as his fingers moved over my breasts. To my great surprise he had ideas of his own.
As my orgasm receded. William’s large arms picked me up and rolled me over, he quickly placed a pillow beneath my hips, his hands running down my legs he pulled them to his chest and over his broad shoulders.
I watched the sexy haze in his eyes as his body thrust deeply into mine, I arched my hips to meet his strong thrusts as his large staff stroked tight into my throbbing snatch. His excitement completely engulfing me as my body tightened against his. My hands softly stroking my nipples as he masterfully brought my body into a second climax. As I felt my body clench his huge member he moaned. His body pressed harder against mine as I felt his climax shudder through his body with my own. A few minutes later he collapsed beside me pulling me close to him. I snuggled down to the sexy beast of a man pleased with a very eventful night.