"Come in"

In bounded two young girls in school uniforms, plaid skirts, white shirts and knee high black socks, they both wore chunky black wedges.  They dropped backpacks on the floor. Both petite, one blonde, one with a black bob that she kept pushing out of her face. The girls were in great shape taut asses and breasts that defied gravity. 

"Ok, let's see what we have. Darling , I don't know what Tonya has told you but you refer to me as Aunt B or you can call me Mommy if you like but not necessary. Hannah turned to look at Tonya with a puzzled look? 

"What are you looking at her for? Does she do all you thinking for you?"  Little Hannah couldn't speak, she was so nervous. She just nodded her head no.

"Well the let's see what we have shall we."  Bridget moved from the bed to the chair as her negligee fell to the floor both teenagers followed her every move. She was so tall and muscular, they stared at her big round breasts. Bridget sat down lewdly on the chair spreading her cunt for the girls to see, it was shaved except for a little patch. She required her girls to be completely smooth.  She motioned for Tonya to join her, the blond with a  long horse braid ponytail sat in her lap, still in her uniform. 

"Ok, you tease, time to show Auntie B what's for breakfast."  

"Take off your shirt and bra and skirt, leave the panties, socks and shoes, " Tonya instructed. Hannah undid the buttons to her shirt and let it drop to the floor, unhooked her bras and stood facing her friend who was sitting in the lap of a naked woman who was  nearly twice her age.  Her panties began to moisten from the excitement building in her hot pocket. 

"Don't be shy, babydoll, Auntie will treat you like you deserve-- precious little thing aren't you? Now let's see those precious nipples." Hannah uncovered her tits, revealing her pale pink buds. Bridget groaned and sighed. 

"Oh well, they  are just adorable now aren't they. Touch them for us. Do you play with yourself at night in bed?" Hannah nodded that she did.

"Ok, you are going to have to show me exactly what you do, lie in bed and start from the time you get in until you finish AND you'll have to tell us out loud what/who you are thinking about."  Hannah turned scarlet, she couldn't even say hi let alone give a running commentary on her horniest thoughts, her masturbation movie in her head was very dirty. She thought.

Hannah gave a twirl then popped down in bed and began massaging her breast, `normally I look at a magazine or a catalog and think about all the pretty models. I like to look at their faces and their beautiful bodies and all the grooming and lotion they must rub on themselves.  Hannah was getting wet as she relaxed.  She glanced at Tonya and Aunt B, they were kissing softly, Tonya had removed her clothes and was just in her panties, socks and chunky shoes. Tonya was now facing Bridget she straddled the older woman's muscular thigh and was rubbing her panty-clad pussy back and forth on it. Bridget stuck her tongue in the much younger girls mouth and felt the sopping little slit grinding on her leg, she moaned. Hannah jammed her fingers into her pussy when she saw the two kissing. She was jealous and overcome with lust, she had kissed Tonya many times, but never while they were naked. She spread her cunt apart and inserted a finger then another then another and began roughly fucking her virgin pussy with her hand.

"then I think about my girlfriends mother eating my pussy while I have Tonya sitting on my face!" Hannah blurted out. The two stopped what they were doing and looked at her tiny hand disappearing into her little pussy. Bridget smiled and motioned for her to join her on the chair. She had Tonya remove her panties and then had Hanna do the same then she had them bend over at the waist facing away. Being limber they put their palms on the floor while they were inspected by their teacher.  Bridget loved the sight of shaved pink teen slits. The tiny little dark assholes, so clean and perfect. The slightly opened vaginas, no hair, untainted by dirty cocks. Bridget leaned back and put her feet up on the girls tight bottoms and began rubbing her clit and licking her own nipples. She took one foot and started rubbing it along Tonya's pussy. The girl started pushing back on her foot, trying to hump it, trying to satisfy that longing inside. Bridge sat up and rubbed the two tender pussies in her strong hands she rubbed their little pink lips until they started squealing and moaning.

"OMG, mommy, that feels SO good on my muffin!" shouted Hannah  

Biridget shushed her with a swat. The girls were instructed to straddle her thighs and rub themselves off on her thighs. Tonya began French kissing Auntie B again and Hannah took a big round nipple and started suckling like a baby calf.  Bridget's pussy was on fire, she wasn't too far away. She pulled the girls off of her by their hair.

"Show mommy how you kiss each other, the two girls faced one another and extended their tongues and began licking each others' tongues and lips, until they locked lips. They locked mouths and  made out without inhibition. Bridget controlled them by holding the back of their necks like she was playing with two life sized dolls. 

"Cmon you little lesbians show each other how much you like each other. The girls began running their hands all over each other. Finally each stopping on the other clits. Tonya toyed with her best friends hard little nub. Hannah reached around back and pressed her index finger on the opening of her friends sensitive little butthole. The girls were getting hotter and hotter. 

"Ok, that's enough you little bitches, I come first, both literally and figuratively. On the floor, now!  Tonya you take my asshole, little miss tease USA, you are going to eat mommy's cunt until she comes got it.!?"

Bridget laid down on the bed and arranged the girls in orgasm position, she laid back and pulled her knees up and pushed her asshole out towards the girls mouth, who was kneeling by the bed.  Tonya handed her lover her pony tail. Bridget used the girls long ponytail to direct her. Tonya pressed her mouth tightly against the older women's hot asshole. Bridget always told the girls to be clean down there, but she never followed her own rules. Tonya was immediately tasted the hints of shit around her asshole and she knew once she forced her tongue inside it would be met with a solid log of shit impacted in the older woman's colon.  She forced her tongue in and sure enough she felt the tip of a large log. Undeterred she pressed on, eating her asshole as she know how, loudly and sloppily.

"Ok, sugar britches you are up here with me.  Squat on my face and then you are going to get me off with that hot mouth of yours, put your mouth over my cunt and lick its length until I tell you otherwise. The two locked in a 69 while Tonya got to eat the hot asshole. Bridget pulled on Tonya's ponytail roughly, urging her ass eater to force her tongue further up her shit filled asshole. She took her other hand and pushed Hannah face into her pussy. Hannah cold hardly breath, she was licking and sucking as fast as she could. Bridget began to tense up.  She kept licking Hannah's tiny snatch. The girl rocked back and forth as she started sucking on Bridget's distended swollen clit. A clit that's known hundreds of pairs of female lips. As Bridget's orgasm neared she ordered Hannah off her face and told her to kneel and lean facedown and eat her and to push the back of her friends head further into her asshole. Meanwhile, Bridge lifted her legs up and reached down and grabbed the back of both of their heads and tried to smash them together as her orgasm finally crashed through her body, she rocked onto Tonya tongue cumming from the illusion that she was being held aloft just on the tip of her tiny tongue. 

"Oh yes, you fucking cunt lickers, EAT my cunt You fucking bitches!" She came on their faces. She shivered and shook for a minute or two. She held the girls roughly like two rag-dolls and alternated rubbing their faces in her messy pussy. She glazed both of their faces. The girls climbed up next to Bridget and the fondled and kissed and whispered to each other. 

"Ok, Tonya, get Hannah ready. I have to go!"

Hannah didn't like the sound of that. Tonya took her by the hand and led her to the bathroom, the two girls took off their socks and shoes.  Tonya told her to step into the bathtub with her. 

"Are we taking a bath, asked Hannah." "Sort of, replied Tonya"  We have to sit in a certain way too. I have to kneel with my knees together and you lay on your side with your head in my lap and you extend your tongue to my nipple and look up at me. Plus there is no talking or moving until she says so."  Tonya put the rubber stopper in the drain.  

"What in the hell!? is she going to pee on us?!"  
"Shhhh, yes, I mean, if we are lucky that's all she'll do."
"WHAT OMG NO!" 
"Shut the fuck up bitch, she is going to hear you!"
"We are the Immaculate Golden Teen Virgin Fountain."  
"Don't ask."  A tear ran down Hannah's cheek.

Bridget entered and didn't acknowledge the girls.  She closed the door and stepped onto the edge of the tub squatting down low with a foot on either side of rim of the claw foot tub, just an inch away from Tonya's open mouth, her mouth was open with her tongue extended. Bridget looked at herself in the mirror as she finally relaxed and began to urinate on Tonya. She tried to control it but the first spray always hit her in the face or on her hair. The piss filled her mouth then ran down her body like a fountain into Hannah's opened mouth. Hannah was nearly crying out loud as her mouth filled up with piss for the first time. Neither girl moved as the older woman continued to pee all over them. Bridget began masturbating roughly and came on Tonya's face. The girls stayed in position. 

"Ok, cunt get out. She yanked Tonya by her ponytail, she stepped out of the tub and stood in the corner facing the wall like she had been instructed many times before. 

"Ok, precious, I told you I'd take care of you like you deserved. You haven't even cum yet have you! Haha, well now begins your rewiring, you'll be allowed to cum during this next exercise. Bridget placed a towel under Hannah's head then she grabbed a stool that she placed over her face, the `stool' was a toilet seat with legs.  Bridget sat down. Hannah watched in horror as her teacher's asshole opened up and inch from her mouth. "

"You know you look exactly like your mother did at this age. She was just as scared as you when I first shit in her mouth. She was a feisty one, but she turned out to be quite a shit eater. She ended up begging me to shit in her mouth, I told her she was too old after she went away to college. Started sucking all that fat black cock, stretching her pussy out on it too. Your mother turned out to be a real whore. I heard she was caught fishing shits out the toilet to eat."

Hannah was crying now. Tonya could see all the action was secretly masturbating to her friends humiliation. 

Bridget's asshole began to open and the head of a giant turd appeared, black and nasty, the stench was unholy.  As she shit, Bridget motioned Tonya over to retrieve the vibrator from the bathroom closet. She began working her friends clit as she tried to deal with tremendous amount of shit currently filling her mouth.  

Hannah could not believe the amount of creamy black shit sliding out of this woman's asshole. She let it fill her mouth then it began to coil on her face, the smell was beginning to make her feel sick. But she had to admit to herself, the heat of it on her face and the sight of it forcing open Bridget's asshole was a turn on.  

"If I were you, I'd start eating, you aren't allowed to waste any plus you have to drink the piss that collected in the bottom of the tub that is now soaked into the towel under your head. If Tonya is really a friend she might help you but if she wants to move up the pecking order around here, she'll see the wisdom in making you finish it yourself. " 

The humiliated little lesbian tease began eating the shit of her older lover. She chewed it then swallowed and vomited it back up onto her face. She eventually got some to stay down. The she began shoveling it in, packing her mouth full then smoothing it over her lips and just swallowing. Before long she had eaten all the solids. Tonya's continued work on her clit was doing the trick. She arched her back and pressed her tingly cunt against her friends palm and came all over it. She finished the shit that was smeared all over her. Then she mopped up the piss and shit vomit and wrung it out into her mouth.  

Over an hour later the teens had cleaned the entire bathroom with just their tongues.  

The two showered and shampooed together.  Put their school clothes back on and clunked down the stairs where their teacher Ms. Boyd was waiting dressed in a grey pencil skirt with a crisp white shirt and grey jacket buttoned up. Her hair was up and she was peering at the girls over her reading glasses.

"Ok girls, it's about time, now let's get started."

"Yes, Ms. Boyd," the girls replied in unison.
