The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in which it is
legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or any
other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder, except
may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access, noncommercial archive sights.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

This is a repost of a fifty-two chapter mind control, multi person romance. 

Please!  Give me your comments.
 
Dear Readers, This is a very dark chapter, the darkest I will write in this series. No offense is
meant.  It is part of the story. E.Z.


MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 31

Cathy's Secret

Cathy was following me downstairs in the Vail house, unaware of what was about to happen. 
Mary, who always had an idea, followed behind her.   When I opened the dungeon door, I seized
Cathy's arm to drag her inside.  She saw all the bondage equipment: the horse, the table, the wall
ladder. 

"No," she shouted.  

It was a fight, a real, no-holds-barred-fight. Cathy kicked and screamed and cursed and bit and
scratched.  I got kicked hard in the leg and claw marks down my left arm. It was over when I
pinned her face down on the floor, holding up arms up in the air, twisting them, leveraging her
body into the floor, as I sat on her back.  Mary attached thick leather restraints to Cathy's four
limbs and her neck.  As Mary held one of Cathy's arms, I bent the other behind her, the palm
between her shoulder blades and the elbow below it near her spine. Then, I did the same with the
other.  We attached the wrist restraints together.  With a short rope, I tied her elbows together,
pulling them tightly until the rope bit deeply into her flesh and her elbows touched.  It was a
painful and difficult position.

Just yesterday I had brought Andy to this dungeon. I had whipped her and fucked her until we
both collapsed.  She had loved it and so had I.  That was my intent that time: to bring sexual
pleasure to us both.  My intent was not related to sex or to pleasure this time.  My intent was to
find out what the hell was going on in Cathy's mind. 

"Please, Davy. Oh, God this hurts. Stop, Davy. Please, stop," she sobbed.  Cathy's screaming had
stopped now as had her struggles.  She knew we had her.  She was pleading for us to let her go.  I
pulled her to her feet, led her under the hoist and attached the chain to her collar. If she fell over,
she might strangle herself, but I was there to prevent that. I wanted her in one place and she was. 

"Why don't you put her under?" Mary asked, wiping the sweat from her face and pushing back
her hair. 

"Good idea," I replied, knowing it was not.  Because if my hunch was correct, Cathy had never
been programmed.

"Which do your prefer sirloin or a thick tube steak?"

"It depends on the chef."  I could see the change in Cathy's expression. The fear and terror was
gone. She was a sexual creature use to controlling situations and men with her powers. She gave
me a slutty look.

Ping, ping.  They were hard, almost body punches. Ping, ping.  My cock was rock hard and my
mind was reeling from sexual desire for her, for Cathy, for this most sexual creature I had ever
met. I wanted to drop everything and fuck her until I died of exhaustion. Her power was that
strong.  Ping, ping.

I took a deep breath and closed my eyes. With all the concentration I had, I focused. Orderly
thinking was in my genes. And, it had been trained into me since birth by two scientist parents and
my own scientific education.  Uncle Bert's programming given to me by Andy had reinforced it. 
Still, I was under siege from the raw power Cathy threw at me.  I felt as though I was encased in
plastic wound tightly around my body. I fought to focus, to control my own mind.  Suddenly, the
plastic fell away. I could breathe and the air even smelled fresher. My concentration had won.  I
felt no sexual urges at all and my cock was soft and quiet in my trousers.

I opened my eyes to see Mary unfastening Cathy's collar. 

"Mary! What are you doing?"
 
Her expression was raw sexual need when she turned towards me. "I am going to have sex with
Cathy. I am letting her free for me."

"No! Mary, I order you to stand back and leave her alone."

"Please, Davy! I want her!"

Cathy was focusing all the power she had on Mary now. Mary was trapped. She would do
anything to make love to Cathy, but, she was programmed to obey me and I had given her a direct
order.  With my fingers extended, I hit Cathy sharply in the solar plexus to break her
concentration. She exhaled and gasped, trying to breathe.  Mary fell back on the floor. 

"Mary! Leave! Go upstairs!"  

Mary jumped up and ran from the room. I locked the door behind her.

Cathy's eyes looked like a trapped animal, a rat in a corner, or, a snake coiled and ready to strike.
We were alone now. 

"I know you are not programmed.  How did you do it?"

"What are you talking about?"  

She tried to act innocent but her body language gave her away. She was a fighter trying for an
advantage.  I could tell she was in pain from the horrible tight bindings on her arms. Just as I
concentrated to drive out her sexual power, she was trying to drive out the pain so she could stay
focused on me. That is the reason I had bound her that way.  I wanted her to ache.

"The proper phase is 'Which do your prefer sirloin or tube steak?', not 'thick tube steak'.  You
gave yourself away."

"Davy, I do not understand," she replied, again acting innocent.  I took the clothing shears from
the cabinet where Uncle Bert had inventoried all sorts of neat things and walked back to my sister.
She blanched and pulled back. I slipped the shears in the collar of her blouse and began cutting off
her clothes. She was totally still, not wanting the sharp steel to cut her precious flesh. 

"Cathy, I love you, but I have to get to the bottom of this. Tell me about it?"

"Tell you about what?" she asked as I slipped the shear point into her leggings and started cutting
them away.

"I know you are frightened. I know you do not wish to give up this power you have but you must.
Your power does not work on me, Cathy, not anymore. I have you and I will not let you go, not
until I am satisfied I know what is happening. Give it up to me, Cathy.  I am the one man in your
life you can trust to care for you. You can give it up without fear."

She was naked now.  Cathy has an unbelievable body, certainly better than Eve's or any of the
other Baywatch babes, almost as good as Andy.  She has a beautiful face which expresses so many
subtle emotions. She is an outstanding female. She was also a dangerous and predatory member of
the deadliest species - human beings.  She was hurting badly from her arm bondage.  She was
starting to shiver from fear, the sweat pouring from her body. 

"You won't hurt me. You love me too much." 

It was said in disbelief, which made me hope I could get what I needed with no harm to her. She
was desperate for some advantage, some thing that would give her hope. I had to strip away all
hope, all security from her, no matter what it took.  She had to believe I would do what it took to
reduce her to total and complete submissiveness to me. For that to happen, I had to be ready to do
whatever it would take.  I steeled myself.  

This was not a surrender from programming like Eve, my taking her because of the impact of the
chemical on her will.  This was a fight to the death. And, it was a fight I must win.  It was obvious
to me as much as she knew about the programming and being unprogrammed herself, Cathy was a
deadly threat to us all.  If a criminal element found out about it, they would do anything to get the
formula. Our lives, Andy and Mary and mine, would be worthless.  Even our government could
not be trusted not to harm us for the knowledge. 

I had to break Cathy.  I had to. 

"Yes, I will hurt you. Remember when I was about fourteen and started reading about western
history?  Remember the stories I read and told to you about how the Comanche Indians broke the
white women they captured to make them docile slaves? You were ten, then.  Remember those
stories?"

Cathy was white, the color gone from her face. I stood right against her, my face in hers. I
concentrated on making myself as mean, my face as frightening, as I could.  I wanted her to get
the message. I took a breast in each hand, massaging them roughly as I spoke. 

"Remember? Remember all I told you.  I will do that to you.  I will cut little pieces off your breasts
and make you eat them, bite by bite.  I will cut off your toes so you cannot walk, cut out your
tongue so you cannot speak.  I will cut off your clit and your pussy lips so you can have no sexual
pleasure. I will, Cathy. And, you know I will.  You know if I can ignore the sexual power you
aimed at me, I am capable of anything, capable even of torturing and maiming you."

I felt warm liquid hit my trousers leg, drenching me and her as she peed on us. I did not move
away.  I intensified my glare.

"Yes, darling Cathy. This is too important to let you get away with anything. Think, Cathy. Think.
Remember the story about the white woman the Comanches burned with coals.  You threw up
that night when I told you.  Remember.  You ran screaming into Mom and Dad's bedroom.  I got
spanked for it. Remember.  Remember what the Comanches did to her."

Cathy was almost in shock, sweating profusely, still except for an uncontrollable shaking as if she
had a very bad flu.  Her eyes were wide, unblinking, filled with fear.

"The Comanches tied her down, spread eagled and naked. They took a hot coal from the fire.
They did it slowly, very slowly.  They took all night. They wanted her to scream. They wanted all
the other women to hear it, to remember, to understand they would do the same to them. They
wanted her to remember her own screams, her own begging them to stop. Remember, Cathy?
They took the coal and held it above her so she could see it.  They wanted her to think about that
heat on her body.  An ash dropped on her face.  She screamed and struggled, but to no avail."

I wanted Cathy to think about it.  I wanted to terrorize her. The pain in her arms was pounding
through her, being multiplied by the fear from a story she knew was true was creating.

"They moved the coal out of her vision. She tried to sit up, to see, to know.  Where were they
going to burn her?  Where? What part of her body be burned off in the worse pain a human can
have?"

Cathy crossed her legs, turning, trying to protect her crotch.

"That's right, Cathy. She could not see but she knew that hot, burning coal was between her legs. 
The brave held her hair down, so she could not see where they were going to disfigure her. He
jerked it hard, like this!"

I yanked her hair, pulling her head back.  Cathy sobbed from deep in her gut. She did not try to
pull away from me. She was too frightened to control her own body.  She just shook.

"She felt the heat between her legs, didn't she?  She felt the heat there.  They moved the coal
around, letting her feel the heat against her thigh, her knee, her pussy.  She could smell the hair
burning. She could feel it between her legs. She thought they were going to burn off her pussy
lips. That is what she thought, wasn't it?"

Cathy nodded mechanically as tears now streamed down her face.

"But, they didn't.  They just let her scream.  Can't you hear her screams, Cathy?  A white woman
captured by savages.  She had watched as they killed her husband, cutting his scalp off while he
was still alive, leaving him to die in pain in the hot Texas sun.  She had been raped many times by
many braves.  She had been beaten by the squaws, whipped with the long deer hide whips.  She
had been given little food and water, made to work all day as the sun burnt into her tender skin. 
Remember, Cathy?  Remember the description she wrote of her abject horror.  Think!
Remember!"

Cathy was sobbing as the tears flowed freely and deep guttural sobs welled up from within her. 

"Where did they burn her, Cathy?  Where?  Where did that hot coal vaporize her tender flesh?
You remember. They disfigured her.  Forever.  They knew no white man would take her back
after they finished with her. They knew. Do you want what she got, Cathy?  I know you
remember!"

She was moaning, an animal sound like a bear that has been shot and is dying, a low, deep,
deathlike knell.  I saw him then.  Diablo.  Behind Cathy by about six feet, he was sitting on his
bottom as dogs sit. His ears were up and alert, listening to every sound. His eyes were sharp as if
he were watching prey but he was watching me, watching without emotion in his dark, wolf eyes. 

"What did they do, Cathy? What did the Comanches do to the white woman?  Tell me! You know
what it was!"

Her voice was very high, squeaky, as if forced through a tight restriction, with the words bursting
out like a shot from a rifle. 

"They burned off her nose and lips."

She threw up, projectile vomiting all over me, as she fainted.  

Cathy was naked still as she sat on the floor, leaning against the wall. One leg was bent at the knee
and under the other, which was extended. Her left hand held a can of soda, as the right lay limp in
her lap. Her face was down turned, her eyes dead and void. Around her neck was a steel collar. It
fastened behind her, the two sides held togther and attached to a steel chain by a heavy padlock
with a long hasp.  The other end of the chain was attached to the ring embedded in the concrete
wall.  She was clean now, as was I. She had eaten some soda crackers to quell her stomach and
give her the starch to keep her from going into shock. 

My story has been successful, I thought. I believed she would tell me the truth.  But, I was ready to
torture her if she lied, torture her as the Comanches did the white women they captured.  Or, at
least she believed I would and that is what mattered.  It must have been a great a shock as
remembering that story told her so long ago to realize her brother was now ready to be her
torturer. But, she had no doubt. 

I was sitting in a gray folding chair opposite Cathy. She could not reach me because of the chain
binding her to the wall. Mary was kneeling to my left. Mary had been very embarrassed about her
reaction to Cathy, her quick surrender to Cathy's power.  She realized she had almost caused us
immense harm.  But, I had forgiven her.  Cathy's power was not something to trifle with.  Mary
and I had cleaned us all up, quickly sanitizing the room yet the faint odor of vomit lingered in the
air. 

Diable had moved.  Now, he lay to the right of my chair. My hand was lazily stroking him
between the ears. Cathy looked up at me. Her eyes looked dead, her face submissive.  

She started to tell her story.

"I was thirteen.  I was starting to develop.  Boys were noticing me but you know how boys are. I
got pinched and nasty comments. I knew even then I was very pretty, though.  I knew what boys
wanted and I knew someday, someway they would want me like they wanted no other woman."

She exhaled loudly, eyes showing her brain had retreated to those days she was retelling.
Absentmindedly, she sipped on her soda and continued. 

"Uncle Bert was visiting. He was there to pick you up for the summer. Dad was out of town.  I
awakened during the night all stuffy and feeling a little sick. I slipped into Mom's room to get in
bed with her but first I decided to use the bathroom.  I was in the bathroom when I heard someone
else come in.  It was Uncle Bert. He slipped into bed with Mom.  I watched them from the
bathroom door.

He fucked her.  At first, I was horrified. I had never seen people fucking and this was my mother
fucking my uncle. But, it was beautiful, Davy. They were wonderful together. You should have
seen them. Mom was moaning and whimpering.  She loved every second of it. Have you ever seen
Mom fuck?  She is hot, really hot. And Uncle Bert, well.  After they came, he took a glass from
the bedside table and gave it to her. 

'Drink this, Alice,' he said.  She did.  Then, he put her in the trance.  He began talking to her. I
could hear every word, every command.  At first, I did not understand what he was doing. Then, I
remembered some of the stories you read to me, you know, from your science-fiction phase after
your history phase.  I knew he was programming her mind.  I knew he controlled her. 

When he was finished programming her, she lay back and went to sleep.  After Uncle Bert left the
room, I slipped to the side of the bed.  The glass was still there. There was a little liquid left in it.  I
picked up the glass.  I starting thinking "I can control boys, I can control boys."  I was thinking it
over and over as hard as I could.  I kept thinking and swallowed what was in the glass."

Cathy took a deep breath and a long drink from the soda can. She wiped her mouth with the tips
of her fingers.  I do not think Mary or I had moved during Cathy's story. The devil dog had
moved only to raise his head.  He listened as intently as we did.

"The next day at school, I saw Bobby Winters before class. You remember, Bobby.  He was the
biggest kid, big and dumb, too.  I looked at him. Suddenly, his head jerked towards me. He stared
then started walking to me. He flirted.  Boy, did he ever flirt.  He and I had several classes at the
same time. He could not think of anything but me all day. In English, Miss Perkins sent him to the
principle because he was flirting with me so much.  After school, he literally got down on his knees
and begged me to do something to him, anything.  I rubbed his cock through his pants until he
came in them. Poor Bobby.  He is my slave to this day."

She stopped again, finishing her soda and asking for more, which Mary gave her. 

"Do you want to hear everything?" she asked. 

"No.  I am sure you have many stories to tell about all the boys you took."

She gave me a sexy, knowing smile.  Yes, my sister was one hot woman.

"Tell me about Uncle Bert."

"I kept working on my technique, my mind and sexual control technique.  Davy, I was obsessed
with developing my skill.  I read books on telepathy, hypnosis, everything I could find on
controlling and developing your mind. I wanted to develop my sexual skills, too. Remember your
friend, Rodney.  Well, he had a porno video collection.  He showed all of them to me in exchange
for a few hand jobs.  I studied them over and over. So, not only was I developing my mental skill,
I was developing my sexual skill, too.  

Then, Uncle Bert came again.  That is when I took him, when I lost my virginity. I know from
dinner you know all about that.  At dinner, it was you and me, Davy.  We were the only ones not
programmed. Anyway, I focused my mind on Uncle Bert and then I took him for the first time. I
fucked Uncle Bert many times over the years, Davy.  He was my first and he was a magnificent
lover.  When you fucked me, you reminded me of him.  It was the way you felt between my legs,
the little twist of your hips."

She was looking at me very lovingly, very sweetly now, without a trace of animosity. 

"Once, about a year after I first took the chemical, I stole some from Uncle Bert when he was
visiting. He was not protecting it since he thought we all were unaware.  I reinforced my mental
focus again.  It really is very powerful, Davy.  I do have tremendous powers.  I doubt there is a
man in the world I cannot control. . . . except you."

"And, Dad?"

"He was easy.  Mom had just returned from one of her fuck sessions with Uncle Bert and was
sore and exhausted.  Dad was horny.  I asked him to come into my bedroom to visit me. After he
shut the door, I dropped my robe.  I was naked.  As he stared at my body, I focused on him.  No
problem.  Dad is good but he in not Bert.  I guess I have fucked two hundred men, Davy. You and
Bert were my favorites."  I ignored the comment, not knowing if it was to get me off guard or
meant honestly. 

"Uncle Bert said you were a whore."

"I told him that so he would give me more money, increase the allowance he was giving me on the
sly.  I knew he would be appalled if I was a whore and feel guilty about it. I never had sex for
money.  I promise." She laughed warmly. "Of course, when you look and fuck like I do, money is
spent on you whether you want it or not."

"But, he said he had tried to adjust your programming and it did not work."

"I outsmarted him. Using my control, I would get him to tell me when he planned to program me.
Then, I would pour out the chemical, replace it with water and let him think he was programming
me."

Cathy was grinning now, very proud of how she outfoxed Uncle Bert.  She was one tough cookie,
as smart as she was beautiful.  That made her a very dangerous woman. We all were quiet as I
tried to sort through what I had heard.  When I looked back at her, she was smiling at me with a
little girl smile, slightly sad, shy, submissive.

"What do you plan to do, Davy?"

Cathy asked the question but they all stared at me. Mary, kneeling beside me, again had that look
like she was in my brain.  Cathy, chained to the wall, was still being honest and sincere.  And
Diablo, the devil dog, the monster wolf now so much a part of my existence, stared with his black
eyes. 

"I will keep you here until I can find the formula. Then, I will reprogram you as I want you."

She nodded as she looked away, as if that was what she expected.  She did not scream or shout.
She knew I had to imprison her until I could be one hundred per cent sure she would never tell. 
Too much was at risk. Her voice was pleading when she spoke.

"Please, Davy, hurry and find it.  I do not want to be a prisoner in this dungeon. I want to live and
laugh and love in the light."

"I will do my best, Cathy."

She began to cry, knowing she was here at my mercy, knowing this dungeon was her home,
perhaps forever unless I found the formula.  Ironic, isn't it?  Uncle Bert's formula, stolen and used
by her, now was the reason for her imprisonment.  He had been so worried about her.  But, she
had outsmarted him at every turn.  I wondered if there were any others or if Cathy was unique, the
only kitten to outfox the old top cat himself. 

We brought bedding for her, an air mattress with sheets and a comforter for warmth, a pillow for
her beautiful head. I left water and sodas in a small icebox, the kind you take to the beach, and
crackers and cheeses to eat. She was not bound except for the steel collar chained to the wall.
None of her power or mine would break that chain. 

As Mary and I started to leave, Cathy called my name and I looked back at her.

"Those stories, Davy.  You frightened me so.  You would not really burn me, torture me, would
you?"

"Yes, Cathy.  I would.  I will still if I need to.  You must remember that." 

To be continued . . . 

Please!  Give me your comments.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com  

    



