The yoga class had already started by the time I made it inside so it looked as if I'd have to wait until afterwards to get to the toilet. I was dying to pee but that wasn't surprising. The further my pregnancy progressed, the longer it seemed to take to get anywhere and the more often I seemed to need the toilet. I felt like a beached whale at times, nearly nine months in, just a few weeks to go and I couldn't wait for it to be over. The worst thing was not having anyone to share my troubles with. My wonderful partner had stuck by my side for a total of two weeks after my positive test before vanishing overnight, leaving a note full of empty apologies.
So I muddled on alone as best I could. As my belly began to swell my boobs decided to compete. Yes my cleavage looked amazing in a dress but the weight of them didn't half make my back ache at times. Not only that but my sex drive seemed to increase as the opportunity to do anything about it decreased. For the last six months me and Jim were together, I instigated sex once, I just wasn't into him anymore. But since he left I've become increasingly frustrated. It's reached the stage where I'd probably fuck anyone who asked, man or woman but ironically the pregnancy has scared all potential partners away.
Recently I took up yoga after being assured by the lovely tutor that it wouldn't harm the baby. I was looking for something to help my frustration and stress. At first it worked but last week I found myself staring at the legs of the other women in the class, the curves of their bottoms in their leggings, some of them only wearing tiny shorts and sports bras. As the class went on, I was staring on the tutor more and more. I wasn't sure if she'd realised but there was a tiny hole in the crotch of her black leggings. Each time she stretched her legs apart the hole grew a little larger, revealing an almost transparent pair of white panties underneath. By the end of the class my pussy was soaking wet and I could hardly look her in the eye when she waved me off in the car park.
I had been relegated to getting the bus since my bump got too big for safely driving and the driver today seemed to be competing for the slowest driver ever prize. What was normally a ten minute trip to the sports centre took over half an hour. I already needed to pee by the time I sat down at the front and I moaned every time we bumped over a pothole. The heating was on full obviously as it was the middle of June and I was sweating profusely within minutes. By the time it was my stop, I was desperate for the toilet. I waddled down the aisle to the door, holding my bump with one hand and carrying my bag in the other.
Each step was painful, the baby pushing hard on my bladder as it enjoyed a football match inside me. I got into the sports centre and looked up at the giant wall clock. The class was about to start. The tutor, Nikki, was lovely but a stickler for timekeeping, not letting anyone in once she'd begun. I just hoped I could hold in my pee for the next hour. I nodded to the receptionist as I passed before pushing open the door to the class with seconds to spare.
The mats were already laid out and everyone was in their places apart from me. I knew from experience how hot the room could get so pulled off my jumper and left it with my bag. Wearing only my blue sports bra and grey jogging bottoms, I moved to stand by the last empty mat. "Right," Nikki said, moving to the front in the same leggings she'd worn last week. I hoped she'd stitched up the hole in them. "Let's get started with saluting the sun. Glad you could join us Gemma." She smiled at me as I stepped onto my mat and began the movement. My belly seemed to stick out even further in front of me as my bladder sent a sharp pain through me. Was I really hoping I could last for the whole hour?
"Breathe in...and out...and in...and out. Good work Natalie, Donna make sure you're breathing all the way in." Nikki was talking to the others but I realised she kept bringing her eyes back to my belly. The heat in the room was already getting to me and I felt flushed by the time we sat down on our mats a few minutes later.
"Try and push your knees to the floor if you can," Nikki said. I looked across at her and was shocked to see the hole at her crotch was still there. Not only that but she wasn't wearing any panties at all this week. I could see her labia and as she pushed her knees wide apart, the lips spread slightly to reveal a sheen of wetness within.
I felt a warning from my bladder as I momentarily forgot my self control at the sight before me. A drop of pee fell from my urethra and soaked into my trousers. I glanced down, at least nothing was showing through. "Lie on your backs now please ladies," Nikki said. "Now close your eyes and take several deep breaths." It took a few moments to manoeuvre myself onto my back and I'd barely closed my eyes when I felt a shadow fall over me. I opened my eyes to see Nikki was standing with her feet either side of my head. From here I could see directly up the hole to her pussy. I fought the burning impulse to grab her legs and bring her down onto my face. My desperate need to pee was mixing with my sexual frustration and my clit was beginning to throb even as I wriggled on my back, trying to prevent any more urine from escaping.
Nikki moved on but as she passed me she ran her hand down my belly towards my jogging bottoms. It was only for a second but it left me wondering if maybe she knew about the hole in her leggings after all. As the class continued it got harder and harder to keep in my pee. Every few minutes another few drops would leak out, especially when I had to bend forwards, my bump trying to pull me to the ground. I glanced at my trousers and was shocked to see a dark patch had appeared between my legs. I felt my cheeks burning red as I moved from one pose to the next, hardly able to keep still for a second as my bladder threatened to explode. To make matters worse my clit wouldn't stop throbbing the entire time, not helped by the regular flashes of Nikki's pussy whenever she spread her legs in a new position.
I kept glancing up at the clock and was so relieved when the hour was up. Instead of feeling relaxed I was more stressed than ever and turned to run for the toilet, hoping to make it before I wet myself, knowing the amount of urine inside me would be enough to fill an empty swimming pool.
I felt a tap on my shoulder and turned to see Nikki standing there with a strange look on her face. "Gemma, did you forget you'd booked the one on one with me for today?"
"Oh, right," I replied, my legs rubbing together as a trickle of piss soaked into my panties. I clenched my bladder, squirming on the spot to prevent any more from escaping. "I just need to..."
"We better get started before the dance class come in. Come stand at the front with me."
"Oh God," I muttered to myself as the last of the others left, the door swinging shut behind them.
"How are you feeling?" Nikki asked as she stretched her legs. "You look a bit flustered."
"Where do I start? I feel like an elephant, my boobs are almost as big as my head and I need to pee all the time." I didn't add that I was dying for sex.
"Well you look incredible. Do you mind?" She raised her eyebrows and pointed at my bump.
"No, no, it's fine but thank you for asking. Nobody ever asks."
She reached out and pressed the palm of her right hand onto my belly, sliding around it with her finger tips. "You've such soft skin," she said quietly as I felt a shudder of pleasure spreading through me. Her hand moved lower, sliding down under my bump and out of sight until it brushed the top of my trousers. "It's so big, how do you get anywhere?"
"With difficulty," I laughed, stopping when I felt another trickle of pee escaping.
"Anyway, let's get started."
"Can we turn the heat down at all?" I asked. "It's so hot in here."
"Stuck on I'm afraid but look, it's just the two of us, let's try something I learnt about a few weeks ago. Nude yoga."
Before I could reply, she'd pulled off her leggings and her top. I blinked in shock. One moment she was dressed, the next she was naked. My eyes ran down her body taking it all in. She was slim, probably a D or E cup with light brown nipples above a pinched waist and taut flat stomach. There was a tiny strip of pubic hair above her pussy and her lips protruded slightly into view. Her long legs were pale and I found my clit throbbing ever more at the sight of her as she turned and bent over to touch her toes, exposing her pert bottom that looked perfect to my eyes.
"Come on," she said, standing up and stretching her arms above her head. "Best way to cool down."
"Oh what the hell," I shrugged, pulling my sports bra over my head, letting me swollen boobs hang free, the nipples rock hard despite the heat. "Could you help with these?" I pointed to my trousers, struggling to reach past my bump.
"Of course," Nikki said, kneeling before me. She tugged at my waistband before staring at the damp patch at my crotch. "Have you been sweating that much?" she asked, wrinkling her nose as she slid my trousers and panties down in a single movement. I leaned on her shoulder as I lifted my ankle to step out of them and that was the point when my bladder lost control. My leg was still in the air as an enormous spray of piss escaped me, catching Nikki full in the face.
"Oh God," I said, moving my hand between my legs, "I'm so sorry."
I was shocked when Nikki moved my hand away, allowing the torrent of pee to carry on hitting her. "It's good for the skin," she said, looking up at me as she opened her mouth. I wanted to stop but the floodgates were open and there was nothing I could do but wait. Nikki supported my leg in her hand as piss splashed into her mouth. She swallowed quickly before grinning up at me. "Good for the digestion too."
I could only look down as the last of my pee ran down her body and pooled on the mat underneath her. At last I was finished and Nikki stood up, wiping her face with the back of her hand. "Right, we better get started," she said, turning to her mat at the front. "Let's begin with some deep breaths."
As I breathed in, I noticed she was staring at my chest, heaving outwards towards her. She licked her lips as she watched me intently. "I'd like to try something new," she said, moving closer towards me. "It's a technique I've only just learnt but it involves quite a lot of touch. Is that okay with you Gemma?" I nodded, letting her manoeuvre me until I was laid on my back staring at the ceiling. "Now just try and relax. I'm going to try and relieve some of your tension, okay?"
I nodded, closing my eyes and taking several deep breaths. I heard the sound of a bottle being opened and then Nikki's hands were on my feet, rubbing a sweet scented lotion into my toes. As she massaged the balls of my feet, she began to hum quietly to herself. I tried my best to relax but it wasn't easy lying naked with another naked woman rubbing my feet, especially as I knew the wetness coating my pussy would be all too visible if my legs opened at all. I tried to keep them clamped together but Nikki gradually shuffled them apart as she worked her way up my ankles to my calves.
I tried to focus on my breathing as she slid her hands up my thighs, rubbing oil into my skin as my pussy almost dripped with arousal. Just as she was about to touch my labia, her hands slid round my hips and up to my huge bump. She spent a long time stroking my belly before gradually making her way onto my boobs, kneading and massaging the globes of flesh before circling my nipples, making them harder than ever. When she reached my neck, she began to squeeze my shoulders and I opened my eyes to see her looking down at me with a flushed face. "How is this?" she asked, her voice strangely quiet.
"Wonderful," I replied in a croak. "Very relaxing."
"That's good to hear," she said, her hands again sliding towards my breasts.
"So tell me why urine is good for you?"
"It helps soak up toxins on the skin and inside your system. I drink my own regularly and try to pee on myself in the bath once a week."
"Oh wow, really?"
"You should try it for yourself."
"I'm not sure I should."
"Trust me. Want to give it a go?"
I thought for a moment, my clit screaming at me for an orgasm. Maybe if I let her do this, she'd do something else for me. "Okay," I said. "When should I try it?"
"What about now? I'm bursting to pee."
My heart began to race as she didn't wait for an answer. She stood up and moved her legs until she was standing directly over my bump, looking at me as she spread her pussy lips and angled her hips forwards. A second later she began to pee on me. A line of clear urine shot forwards and splashed my face. I opened my mouth in shock at the heat of it and some sprayed onto my tongue. I coughed and swallowed as she moved her hips and began to soak my boobs before peeing lower, moving over my belly so the last of her pee hit me on the clit, sending shivers of joy through my body.
The last few drops fell on me before she stepped to one side. "How was that?"
"I loved it," I replied. "You're right, it feels great."
"I've held some back for you to try swallowing it, if you'd like." She began squirming on the spot and I realised then just how much I wanted to fuck her, more than anything in the world.
"Yes, do it!" I said a little too eagerly.
She knelt down above my face and lowered her pussy until it was less than an inch from my mouth. "Open wide," she grinned and I did as she ordered, sticking out my tongue as she began to pee. It hit the back of my throat as I reached up and grabbed her hips, drawing her towards me until she was sitting on my face. All I could smell was her pussy and her pee, unable to breathe through my mouth as I continued to swallow her pee.
She finally finished and went to move away but I held her in place. She looked down at me in surprise but I just stared up at her and slowly stuck out my tongue, watching her reaction as I licked the drops of pee from her pussy.
"Oh my," she said, "what are you doing?"
I let my tongue slide up inside her, lapping at the walls of her pussy as I slid my hands up her stomach to her boobs. I began to toy with them as I fucked her with my tongue, sliding it back and forth as she began to grind down onto my face. I tugged at her nipples, rolling them between my fingers as I tasted her sweetness, loving how wet she was becoming. I slid my tongue up to her clit and began circling it as she gasped out loud. "Oh fuck," she muttered. "Keep doing that."
My hips were thrusting up into empty air as my body ached for attention but I managed to keep focussing on her pleasure, bringing her to the brink of an orgasm using just my tongue.
"Stop, stop," she said. "I'm going to..." Her voice trailed off as I slid my tongue into her again, pulling her hips down onto me as she began to shake above me, her breath becoming ragged. Suddenly she arched her back and her pussy began contracting round my tongue as an orgasm took over her body. She fell silent, her eyes closed as her body shook and her pussy continued to spasm. I stared at her and kept lapping inside her until her climax faded away and she slid off my face to one side.
"That was incredible," she said. "I've wanted you to do that for so long."
"Really?"
"Yes! And I've wanted to do this as well."
"What?"
She leaned over and planted a kiss on my me, her tongue entering my mouth as her eyes closed. Her arms slid round my body as I rolled onto my side, feeling the heat of her against me, her hands moving down to squeeze and caress my bottom. She kept kissing me as her hands moved lower, sliding between my buttocks and stroking in circles round my anus sending waves of intense arousal through me. She nudged a finger inside, taking it slowly as I gasped into her mouth. It only stayed in for a second but when it withdrew I felt an aching need for its return.
She eased me onto my back once more and began kissing her way down my body, her soft lips sucking first on one nipple and then the other before moving on. She took her time with my belly, working round every inch of it before descending lower, getting closer to me waiting pussy. I spread my legs as wide as I could, pushing my hips upwards, desperate for her touch. As she reached my clit she moved straight past it to my thighs and I screamed with frustration.
"Touch me, fuck me, lick me," I begged. "Please make me come. Please."
She giggled. "Been frustrated for a while then?"
"God yes."
Her fingers lightly stroked over my labia, spreading my lips apart so her tongue could have easier access. I closed my eyes as she began to lick at the entrance to my pussy, teasing me more and more. Finally she moved up and flicked over my clit, making me gasp loudly and thrust my hips towards her face. "Oh fuck," I said as she licked me again. "That's so good. Don't ever stop."
I felt a finger nudging its way into me and in seconds I was being fucked. It felt amazing, Nikki seemed to intuitively know what I needed, her tongue lapping at my clit as she slid a second finger inside me, moving faster and faster until I felt a climax approaching. "Keep going, keep going," I gasped before lapsing into silence. She sucked my clit into her mouth and that pushed me over the edge. The biggest orgasm I'd ever experienced hit me, my toes curling, my hands forming fists, my neck muscles taut as I thrust against her face, my pussy contracting endlessly round her fingers.
As it faded away she began licking me again but my clit was too sensitive and I batted her away with my hand. She slid up my body and came to lie beside me, planting more kisses on me as I tasted my own juices in her mouth.
"How was that for a one to one session?" she asked, playing with my nipples as she smiled at me.
"I loved it," I replied. "But I think I'm going to need a lot more of those to really help me relax."
"Excellent. How about the same time tomorrow but at your house?"
"Sounds good. Just one thing?"
She frowned at me. "What?"
"Make sure you drink lots first as I think my skin needs more of your special treatment."
She laughed and kissed me one last time before helping me to my feet and gathering up my clothes. She helped me dress before doing the same, I felt a strange sadness as her perfect body was hidden from view once more. I realised I needed to pee again and made my way to the toilets, surprised to find Nikki following me. I pushed open the first cubicle door and was about to close it when I realised Nikki had silently followed me in. She grinned at me. "Don't think you're going to waste that urine," she said. "Come on."
I turned away from her and bent over the loo, pushing my bottom towards Nikki as she slid my trousers and panties down to my ankles. I stepped out of them and spread my legs as she slid under me, staring up at my pussy. I relaxed my bladder and a weak stream splashed down onto her waiting face. As I continued peeing, her hand moved to my bottom and began stroking round my anus. She shifted herself upwards until her tongue was directly in the flow of urine, lapping at my pussy as she slid a finger up inside my bottom. I tensed up at first and then relaxed as she moved further into me, making me moan with pleasure as she fucked my ass slowly but intensely. I felt my body tensing up within seconds and by the time the last drops of pee had left me I was on the verge of coming. "Oh fucking hell, Nikki," I said as I felt it approach. "Yes, that's it. Keep going. Oh my God."
My climax hit me, not as intense as my first one but still powerful enough to make my legs turn to jelly. Nikki's finger slid out of me as I fought to avoid collapsing on top of her. Somehow I turned and sat on the toilet, panting heavily as I waited for the waves of pleasure to subside.  
When my breathing had returned to normal I looked up at Nikki who was smiling back at me. "See you tomorrow at yours," she said, unlocking the door before blowing me a kiss.
"You will," I replied, watching her go before mopping my brow and pulling my trousers back up. I made my way slowly out to the bus stop, my mind filled with one thought, how much I was growing to love yoga with Nikki.