It was quarter to one when Aiden got the text.
"Can I crash at ur place?"
He shrugged. Katie- his best friend since College- did this every once in a while. Usually when she found herself closer to his neck of the woods than her own and the buses had stopped running. For a while, she had a car, but once that piece of crap died and she was back beneath the heel of the public transit, she needed a place to stay some nights.
Honestly, Aiden was okay with it. His apartment had a fold-out couch and plenty of space, and what else were friends for?
It also helped that Katie was drop-dead gorgeous, and a small part of him enjoyed thinking that his neighbors would be jealous seeing someone like her coming to his place later at night.
He'd been expecting the text for a while, after having seen her post on social media that she was going out clubbing for the first time in forever. There were no clubs where she lived, which meant if she was staying out late, she'd have no choice but to stay at his place. Well, unless she got picked up by some guy, but it was rare for her to sleep with guys right after meeting them.
Well, at least these days. In her College days, on the other hand? Katie was known for being more than a little promiscuous.
In fact, to this day people still asked Aiden if he and Katie had ever slept together. The answer was 'no', and he was pretty happy about that. Not that he wouldn't mind having sex with someone that looked as good as her, but they had a good thing going, and he had no desire to ruin that with sex.
That said, it didn't stop his mind from fantasizing.
If someone were to ask him if he had ever jerked off to the idea of Katie, that one would be a resounding yes. Not that anyone would ask, nor would he ever admit it.
But it was hard to resist sometimes- she was six feet tall, with deep blue eyes, long reddish-brown hair, with legs for days and a nice ass and triple Ds that she tried her best to keep hidden even if nine times out of ten they were pretty noticeable. She was most guys dream girl.
Still, Aiden had managed to keep his attraction to his old friend on the down low, mostly due to a particular 'oddity' of his. While he loved all of the above-mentioned parts of her, his biggest interest in the opposite sex tended to be a little better hidden.
Aiden had a foot fetish. And a pretty major one at that.
He had managed to keep it under wraps, averting his gaze whenever he caught sight of a pretty set of feet, although on more than one occasion he had slipped off to take a whiff of a female friend's boots or shoes when no one would notice. Where Katie was concerned, however, he'd done so quite a few times. Whenever she was over, whether to hang out or to crash out, Aiden would make sure to inhale her particular blend of foot sweat from deep within the confines of her footwear.
Best friend or not, the smell was breathtaking.
It also helped that Katie had some of the sexiest feet he had ever seen, and almost always had her cute toes painted some eye-catching color. He honestly wondered sometimes if she was aware of his fetish, given how often her socks wound up off when she was over, but he tended to push the thought aside. Mostly out of self-preservation.
The door opened just before two- Katie having had a key for as long as Aiden had the place- and she slipped right in like she lived there. Aiden himself was sitting on the couch, finishing up some stuff on his laptop, and a good thing too, seeing as once he got a good look at her he needed something to hide his hardon.
Aiden knew Katie had been clubbing, so to some extent, he had expected her to come in looking even more beautiful than usual. But nothing had prepared him for this. Her make-up was on point, with eyeliner you could get a paper cut off and dark red lipstick, neither of which seemed the least bit dulled by the sweat still glistening off her skin. Her triple Ds, normally restrained by specialty bras, were out for all to see, pressed up in a corset-like top that was straining to hold them back. Tight pants hugged every curve of her ass and legs, and the whole package was topped off by a pair of black stilettos, the seven-inch heels adding to her already Amazon-esque look.
Aiden was damn near speechless on the couch.
"Holy shit, you look amazing Kate!"
Katie smiled half-drunkenly and did a little curtsey for him. "Thanks. You would not believe the looks I was getting tonight."
He was pretty sure he could. With those heels, most guys were likely eye level with her tits, and if he were nearly speechless, random drunks at the clubs were probably brain dead.
Aiden made space on the couch, moving his laptop away but repositioning himself so as to hide his still-growing bulge, especially as Katie came over to the couch to join him. She kept her shoes on, though he was pretty sure she was just waiting to sit down before trying to deal with them. Even so, he caught a whiff of her scent as she walked by, and his head started to swim beneath the mix of perfume and sweat.
Katie dropped down on the couch and took a breath, happy to finally be sitting down. She'd walked from the club to Aiden's apartment- a pretty decent walk that she was impressed she managed to pull off after hours of dancing. The hard work done, she turned to face her best friend. "Thanks for letting me crash here."
"No problem," Aiden said absent-mindedly, trying his best to keep his eyes off her shoes and feet. It wasn't easy, especially since she seemed to be moving her legs in his direction.
"I had a lot of fun tonight. Didn't pay for a single drink or any cover charge. Guess the girls still got it," she said sarcastically, pushing her chest out even as her leg moved closer. It almost felt like a distraction, which, given they were really nice breasts, worked. Aiden didn't even realize the shoes were resting on his leg until Katie spoke up.
"Could you give me a hand? I've been wearing these all night."
He nodded, then carefully began to undo and remove the heels that were practically in his lap. He put them off to the side, the turned back to find himself nearly face to face with Katie's feet.
"Thanks... Would you mind giving them a little rub? My feet I mean. After all that dancing they're a little sore."
Aiden gulped. This had never happened before, and he wasn't sure what to do. He didn't want to act too excited, or else Katie was liable to ask questions. On the other hand, he couldn't just say no without raising other red flags. Instead, he said nothing and calmly as he could, took her right foot in his hands and started to massage them.
Having Katie's gorgeous, sweat-drenched foot in his hands was heavenly, and the sight of the bright blue painted toes reminded him of her eyes. He rubbed them gently like a man under a spell, barely even aware that his legs had shifted, and the bulge in his pants was there for the world to see.
Katie watched, not saying anything at first, simply enjoying the foot rub she was getting. Eventually though, as she prepared to ask him to switch feet, she spotted his lap and tried to suppress a smile.
"Enjoying yourself Aiden?"
He words pulled him from his reverie, and he immediately noticed his mistake. There was really no way to hide it, save for claiming it was just a reaction to being tired and near her but even that seemed a little suspect. Taking a breath- unknowingly drawing in plenty of her foot aroma, Aiden tried to find the words to explain things.
But he didn't need to.
Katie leaned over and picked up her shoes from the floor, then looked at her best friend with a devilish grin. "Did you want to take a whiff of these first, or go straight to the real deal?"
Aiden wouldn't speak. He opened his mouth but no words came out. This had to be a joke, or a dream or something. Maybe he'd fallen asleep before Katie had arrived and this was all some really vivid wet dream. But he could smell her feet, and feel the warmth radiating off the toes that were now inches from his crotch. "Um... what?" He eventually managed to squeeze out.
All the while Katie kept smiling. She'd been planning this for a while. Ever since the day she'd walked out of the washroom and caught sight of Aiden with one of her leather boots pressed against his face. At first, she'd been a little disturbed, and had debated confronting him about it. But then, she'd done some research.
A few hours online had opened her eyes to the world of foot fetishes, and it didn't take her all that long to piece together that her best friend had one. It was actually kind of sweet, in an odd sort of way, the desire he had for a woman's feet. Almost like those old-timey films where a man would put his coat over a puddle to make sure the lady beside him didn't get dirty. These guys, Aiden included, just wanted to show a girl's feet some love, and really what was wrong with that?
Of course, he searching had also introduced her to some other, related fetishes, and there was one, in particular, she had a feeling her friend had as well. But first, she wanted to have a bit of fun.
"It's okay Aiden. I know... I've known for a while. So, do you want to give them a whiff?"
Aiden had never in his wildest dreams imagined this could happen. He'd always needed to be sneaky, to make sure he wasn't caught, and now his best friend- this goddess of a woman- was telling him to go hog wild. He could barely take it all in. Instead, he took the offered heels and shoved his nose inside.
The smell was heavenly.
He didn't need to be told that Katie had been dancing all night in these, nor that she had chosen to walk here in them. His nose told him all off that as it took in breathe after breathe of her sweety food aroma. He held the shoes close as he could, not wanting a single molecule of scent to escape. Aiden wanted all of them inside his lungs right then, needed them in there.
Katie watched as he smelled the inside of her heels, taking joy at the look on her best friends face. He looked so happy that this was happening, it was hard not to feel good for him. Even so, she knew what would make it even better, and let out a small cough to get the happy footboy's attention.
"Alright, I think that's enough... How about getting back to my feet? You can smell them all you want, as long as you rub them. I wasn't kidding about how sore they were."
Aiden didn't need to be told twice and placed one foot gently against his face while he held the other in his hand. Katie gladly left them both there, feeling the coolness of his breaths even as his hands went wild. She didn't realize how much she'd needed a foot rub until now, and she was glad for it.
After a few minutes, Aiden switched feet and was happy he wasn't trying to hide his erection anymore. It would've been difficult anyhow. His cock was straining against his boxers and his pants, and every breath he took in of Katie's feet sent electricity down to his crotch. Every time his fingers made contact with her sole it was as if he were in another world.
He could honestly die happy right now. But Katie had other ideas.
As much as she was enjoying this, both the attention Aiden was giving her feet as well as his utter joy at being able to do so, she wanted to put her other theory to test. This one could honestly go either way, but given what had already happened, she highly doubted Aiden would suddenly change his tune.
"Enough," she said with a bit harsher tone, and Aiden jumped a little. He let go of her foot and watched as the one near his face lowered down. Then he looked over at Katie, and noticed her expression was more- serious? It definitely wasn't as carefree as it had been moments before, and he was afraid that whatever level they had just reached in their friendship was about to be taken away forever.
Katie watched his expression change to one of unease but noted that his bulge hadn't lessened in the slightest. In fact, when she had spoken, it seemed to jump along with him, and that was a clue that she was on the right track. All she had to do was keep going to find out.
"Now, you've had your fun, but I think it's time that I get something in return. After all, my feet aren't just sore. They're also quite sweaty... Do you want to clean them?"
Aiden's eyes lit up. This was more than he could take. However, this turn of events came with a string attached, one that would change things forever.
"Ah ah ah... Before that, I think you need a little help there yourself. Take off your pants."
He stared at her, unsure. This was completely different territory. Aiden had never removed his pants or shorts around her. Hell, he barely ever took off his shirt. Katie noticed this and moved to the next step.
"I said take off your pants!"
Her tone was quiet but firm, and Aiden felt a shiver run up his spine. He'd never had anyone talk to him like that. It felt good. He got up off the couch and undid his belt, dropping his pants and allowing his cock to pitch a tent in his boxers clear for Katie to see. He knew he should be embarrassed, but he was so dazed by everything shame never had a chance.
Before he could get back on the couch, Katie pointed at the floor in front of the couch. Her feet were resting a few inches above the hardwood, and it was abundantly clear that if he were to clean her feet, he was doing it from the floor. Aiden slowly made his way to his knees and crawled over, but before he could start Katie gently pushed him onto his back, making sure his head was just below her feet.
"You are a foot cleaner aren't you? Just a welcome mat for me to rub my feet on. So get to it!"
With her feet on his face, Aiden started to lick like a man possessed. His tongue moved all along her sweat-covered soles, drinking in the mind-bending beverage and slipping in between each of her pretty little toes to make sure not a single spot was left untouched. It was amazing.
Not simply for him, Katie was enjoying every minute of it. If having her feet rubbed had felt great, having them licked was incredible. With every pass Aiden's tongue made, she watched his cock straining against his boxers. It was actually kind of hot, seeing how horny he was getting from just being near her feet. More so after seeing how quickly he was prepared to drop to his knees for her.
She was pretty sure her second theory had been proven. But just to be sure...
"Do you like this?" Katie asked her tone once more on the teasing side of things.
In between licks, Aiden looked up at her sitting on his couch. "Yes..." he answered, sounding like he floating on a cloud.
"Would you like it to happen again?"
His eyes widened. Aiden honestly thought this would be a one time deal, and afterward, they would probably never speak of it again. He wasn't sure how that would work but it seemed to be the only sensible thing. The thought of it becoming a regular occurrence never would have crossed his mind. He couldn't nod fast enough.
Katie smiled. This was it, the coup de grace. Gently, she moved her feet away from his face, taking great pleasure in how quickly his expression turned to one of sadness. "I'm not sure... I mean, it really isn't normal for friends to smell and like one another's feet is it?"
The question was rhetorical, simply there to toy with him, just as her left foot was starting to do with his hard as a rock cock. which was sticking out of the front of his boxers. The sensation of her warm and damp foot on his dick was nearly frying Aiden's brain cells. He absent-mindedly nodded his agreement, unsure of where she was going with this and frankly not caring anymore.
"It seems more like something a slave would do... A foot slave perhaps."
Aiden couldn't see it, but Katie's dark lips formed into a wicked smile as she said those words, especially seeing as his cock nearly doubled in size at the idea. Oh yes, her theory had been proven. Aiden was a submissive footboy, one that was missing something important in his life.
As her right foot moved to join the left, Katie gazed down at Aiden's dumbfounded face. The pleasure she had given him and was still giving him was more than he could bear. Seeing her smile was enough to make him melt into the floor, and that was before she finished her thought.
"But if you're my foot slave, then that would make me your..."
Katie's feet were teasing the crap out of Aiden's cock, and he knew he was ready to burst. Up and down they slid, and her words echoed in his mind as the pressure built up in his balls. She was right, if they were going to keep this up they couldn't just be friends anymore. And if he was her slave, then she was his-
"MISTRESS!!"
He shouted as his cock exploded all over her feet and toes, and Katie smiled as she watched his face turn as serene as a sleeping baby. His chest moved up and down as deep breaths were forced into his lungs, mixing fresh air with the foot sweat marinated ones he'd taken in previously. Aiden had never felt this blissful in his life.
As the last dropped was milked from his cock however, Katie returned her feet to his face, where once more their scent made its way into his lungs and chest and brain. Then she placed the cum-drenched feet over his mouth, the evil grin she'd worn previously now spread all over her face.
"Well then foot slave, clean up your mess."
Aiden smiled dumbly as he began to lick his cum of Katie's- no, his Mistress's- gorgeous feet. He had never felt this good in his life, and he wanted to make sure he could feel this good again. And if that meant cleaning his own cum off her feet, then that's what he would do.
Katie, meanwhile, simply smiled as she drank in the sight of his completely submission to her and her feet. She was going to enjoy this, and so would Aiden. Maybe next time she would wear those boots she had caught him sniffing the first time. She didn't know.
The only thing she knew for certain was that she would have to go clubbing again sometime soon.
Her new foot slave would need her sweaty feet again before he knew it. And she would happily oblige.
After all, what were friends for?