Necrophilia - But Not Really! - a Story
 by Delta Venus

Copyright 2009


[author's note: While I am no stranger to taboo subject matter,
especially coercion and blackmail themes, this story really isn't
as bad as the title might lead you to believe. You'll get the gag
in the first paragraph or so...]


It was one of those "Mystery Weekends". You know the deal,
everyone shows up for a dinner party at a remote mansion, or goes
along on a train ride, or some other typical mystery novel setup
ripped off straight out of Agatha Christie or Lawrence Block.
Somewhere along the way, one of your fellow companions "dies",
murder most foul! The guests, aided by some mystery solving
genius, or at least a planted actor in your company, solves the
"mystery", and a good time is had by all.


I thought the concept rather tired, and overall quite boring, but
then I've read just about every damn mystery novel out there, so
it is hard to entertain my jaded ass, I have a bad tendancy to
jump to the conclusion and spoil things for everyone expecting to
enjoy the process of getting there. I wouldn't have been along on
this particular "adventure" if I hadn't owed the host, Daniel, a
favor. He wanted me along, partly because my participation would
lend a little credibility to the endeavor, as everyone knows what
a mystery buff I am, and partly because he was co-producer and
really thought he had a stumper going and I wouldn't figure it
out early, which would really enhance his image.


Daniel was destined to be disappointed. I had the setup pretty
much nailed before the very attractive blond he had setup as the
victim suffered her inevitable fate. If you have enough of a lead
on the storyline that you can pick out who the victim will be,
unless you've been given a lot of obvious non-story related
clues, like overacting by the actress, then the story the
producer has picked is trite and overused, at least to the
serious devotee of the genre. The average person might still fall
for the gimmicks, but a serious mystery fan will have seen
through your shit, and there won't be any suprises for them. They
know what you are up to, and where things will be going. That is
where I was at.


It wasn't a bad twist, I'll grant him that much. There was some
nice misdirection, a few bogus clues leading off in the wrong
directions, and two of those obvious clues had secondaries - once
you decided the clue was a misdirection, there was another way to
interpret the clue. These secondaries were still misdirections,
but not as obviously so. Most of the group bought into them, the
first direction of the clues had proven false, this second avenue
must the real deal, right? Ha. I didn't need to sort the clues
out, as I had already gone far beyond the begining leads, and had
the whole thing figured out. If Daniel had really come up with
something original, I might have been intrigued by the story. As
it was, I was bored. I would thank Daniel later for how bored I
was!


I had figured out that the murderer wasn't the ex-boyfriend, but
rather was the boyfriend of one of the victims girlfriends. The
plot wasn't all that original, so I'll spare boring you with the
details, it is enough to know that I saw through it. I think one
of the other guests did, too, but like me, she was polite and
never let on that she had it figured out. The rest of the guests
were mesmerized, and who was I to spoil their fun? I quickly lost
interest in the story, but everyone else was really involved. The
one thing I didn't lose interest in was the victim. This woman
just did something to me. The kids would say she was hot. She
was. It was more than that, but that was almost enough to
explain, because she was hot enough that if something in her life
were to happen, the fact that she was so hot would have a major
role in the description of what happened.


Love at first sight? I can't go that far, but the emotion isn't
far off the mark. I watched her do the death scene, and I was
mesmerized. It wasn't the acting. She wasn't bad, I can't say
that. I've seen better, but I've definitely seen a lot worse.
Some of those who were worse at it have gotten rave reviews. The
acting had nothing to do with it. There was something about her,
a something I've never been able to put a name to, or describe
worth a damn. Lots of blonds are pretty, lots of pretties are
blond, but this pretty blond had something extra, something that
lit my loins on fire.


I kept quiet watching her die. I had already figured out who had
killed her, but I was firstmost being polite, not blowing the
mystery for the other guests. I was secondmost bored by the
obvious (to me) story line. My boredom quickly took a backseat,
though, as I was electrified in strange ways by this blond
goddess. She was magnificent. Her role sucked, but she made the
most of it. None of that was the clincher for me, it was
something else about her that I can't explain. Gorgeous, yes.
Five foot nine, body many a starlet would kill for, truly blond
hair, deep green eyes. But it wasn't just her attractiveness that
had me captivated, it was that quality I've alluded to that I
just can't adequately describe. Her acting wasn't special, but
she was special while she was acting.


I went along with the program. I didn't have a lot of choice. I
wasn't a major player, the paid shills thankfully took up all the
main spots in the "drama". The rest of us could add in as much as
we were capabable of adding in, and I just didn't want to
contribute, so I faded into the background rather easily.
Obviously, anyone who could solve the case would wind up in a
major role, which was an added incentive for me to keep my mouth
shut. I didn't want to ruin the fun for the others, and I also
didn't want to be the center of attention, so mum's the word
seemed the best strategic move. I wasn't interested in anything
that wasn't blond, and after the death scene I wasn't interested
in anything alive.


I let the skits go on about their merry way, happy the guests
were all distracted by the clues designed to do just that -
distract. I kept out of the way of them, and let them follow the
misdirections like good little players in the drama. While they
all ran after the clues, that left me alone in the room with the
corpse. Of course she wasn't really dead, this was all play
acting, but she was taking her role seriously, and wouldn't
aknowledge she was alive while one of us players was still
around. I enquired after her health, but she wouldn't say
anything to one of us while she was supposed to be dead. I
quickly decided to take advantage!


She was a trooper to the cause, or committed to her role, I will
have to ask her about it. I dragged her into the bathroom, and
she did her best to portray a corpse. Since all the other players
weren't around, off in the library considering clues and whatnot,
she really didn't have to play dead anymore, but that is exactly
what she did. Nothing I did would shake her from her portrayal of
someone who had expired prematurely. I thought that was a fine
game, and proceeded to see if anything I might do would shake her
from her role as a corpse.


I sat on the toilet, with her sort of on my lap, and leaned
against the wall so she wouldn't fall over. She remained limp, so
if I didn't keep hold of her she would wind up on the floor. I
held her tightly to me, and used the wall as a brace while I
undid the buttons of her blouse, and then tugged her bra up above
her well-formed breasts, releasing them into the open. I fondled
her, and tweeked her nipples, and the only reaction I got was for
them to harden and swell under my fingers. No other reaction from
the "corpse".


I stood up, and as gently as I could, laid her face down over the
edge of the bathtub, leaving her fine looking ass in the air. I
pulled up her skirt, and tugged down her panties, exposing her
completely to my gaze. Still no reaction, she was determined to
keep playing dead at all costs. I could see that she couldn't
keep her body from reacting, though, her exposed pussy was
lightly glistening with the juices of arousal. I slid a finger up
between her lips, and it came away with a nice layer of slick
pussy sauce. I licked it clean, and damn she tasted good! I
didn't hesitate any longer, my pants went down around my ankles,
and I prepared to plunge the depths of her leaky hole.


She wasn't cold like a corpse, even if she acted like one. Her
skin was warm, her glands all alive. She sweated, she lubricated,
but these were about the only signs she gave that she was a
member of the living, not a piece of meat headed for the morgue.
I never got a counter thrust, never even a sexy flinch or shiver.
That did not keep me from enjoying this sexy blonds body as
thoroughly as I had ever enojoyed the female body before. I
plunged into her pussy, and it was hot and tight and wet, just
like a live girls should be. I sure didn't get much more response
than that, though, and the lack of it really tweeked something in
me. I knew she was acting, but the extra knowledge that she was
playing dead, and I was fucking a "corpse" just really rang all
my bells. I couldn't stop now, fucking this dead woman was hot as
hell! I'd never be a grave-robber, but this was a special
circumstance. I hadn't planned on fucking a "corpse", it wasn't
something I'd ever even considered, but here it was happening to
me, and I couldn't pass up the opportunity to be this kinky
without having to pay the consequences of it.


She stayed totally passive, and I took her lack of a protest as a
form of consent. She really could have broken character any time,
slapped my face, and told me to quit fucking around with her. She
didn't. She was dead. Dead or not, this was the hottest corpse
I'd ever gotten a piece of! I couldn't pass this up, this dead
girl obviously needed a good fucking. I didn't mind that she
wouldn't respond to me, I knew it was just part of the act. Hell,
I admired the girl for keeping to her role, no matter what. I
pounded her pussy, and she took it without flinching or reacting.
She was flowing with juices, though, which wouldn't have happened
if she was really a corpse. She was a good enough actress,
though, that there were moments while I was fucking the hell out
of her that I began to wonder, did this chick really die on me?
It didn't keep me from pistoning my hard cock in and out of her
now sloppy cunt, though. For a dead body she had some serious
heat!


The only reaction I got out of her was when I sank into her balls
deep, and started shooting my load. Her cunt spasmed rapidly,
clenching my dick like a vice, and I heard her give out a sharp
hiss. I have to admire the fact that even in her orgasm, she
didn't move a muscle, other than the ones deep inside giving my
cock a serious milking. With this hot velvety vice-grip action on
my dick, I shot large amounts of semen deep into her puss. I
pulled out, and wiped my cock down her thigh, leaving a streak of
pussy juice and cum across her satiny skin. A bubble of sperm was
forming on her labia, and I gave it a quick lick so it wouldn't
stain her skirt. She still tasted wonderful, even with my salty
addition!


I pulled up her panties, tugged down the skirt, hauled her up out
of the bathtub and akwardly re-seated her bra, then buttoned up
her blouse. When I more or less had her dressed, and my pants
back up, I dragged her back out to where she had "died". I almost
got caught as two of the guests came back into the room to check
for clues they might have missed. One of them commented that the
body had moved, with a chuckle. The other said something about
her blouse being mis-buttoned, and damned if he wasn't right! I
had screwed up, and all the buttons on her blouse were one hole
off. They pondered for a moment about whether this was a clue
they had missed before. I'd never seen a corpse blush before, but
this one's cheeks were bright red!


Luckily the lead investigator started rounding everyone up for
the inevitable "I suppose you are all wondering why I brought you
here..." moment of truth. We all piled into the library, and he,
Daniel, and one other guest took turns going over the clues they
had all gathered during the course of the evening, and what they
all meant. I was back to being bored, and would have skipped out,
except that would have been very rude to Daniel. The inevitable
conclusion was reached, and everyone applauded. Guess who the
killer was? Yep.


As we were all getting ready to leave, I noticed our lovely
victim had already beat feet. She was gone, her job done, I
guess. Daniel asked me how I had liked the whole event, and I
told him very honestly that while I had seen through the tricks
from the beginning, for some reason this particular event had
been quite enjoyable and not at all like the typical dinner
drama. He enjoyed my sly smile, although I don't think he
understood it, and responded with a big grin of his own. The
jaded mystery buff had been entertained. Success!


I put on my jacket at the door, and as I was fishing for my keys,
I came across a business card tucked in my pocket:


          Tanya Cordoba
        Actress and Model
          555-543-1234


And on the back of the card:


   Mr. Necrophiliac:

Thank you for not forcing me to break role.
Call me some time, I'll show you what a
live woman can do!   XOXO



Now that's a mystery scenario I can get into!


               &#9650;&#9792;

http://deltavenus.bestdamnpornblogs.com/
