Story: Shooting Straight (F/M+)

The air was festive at Juanita's house that Friday night.  The six males and their six randomly drawn female assistants gathered around as Juanita made her announcement.

"One week ago," Juanita, with a big smile gracing her face, addressed the males, "you were each in turn taken to a bedroom and masturbated to orgasm."

All the women giggled as they recalled Juanita leading each male into a bedroom, making him spurt into a handkerchief, and being led red-faced back into the gathering.

"Then, I warned you to refrain from sexual activity because we were having a contest tonight.  I've set up an arrangement in the garage where you'll be tied up - naked, of course, and slowly and skillfully hand-jobbed to orgasm.  Whoever shoots the furthest will win a special prize.  And - whoever shoots the least, will be my slave for the night - wearing a cock cage so you won't cum.  You'll be on the receiving end of spankings and other things - and I've got a nice hard paddle that I'm anxious to use."

She giggled.

"Now," she continued, "I want to show you what the winner will have.  The one who shoots the furthest will spend the night with - JOANIE, COME OUT HERE!"

Juanita's bedroom door opened and a well-built blonde woman emerged.  Her lips were full, and she was well-dressed.  Her sheer dress settled several inches above her bare knees.  She smiled slightly as she sauntered in front of the males.  Everyone became silent.  She looked at each one of them for a brief moment and then said in a low sensual voice, almost a coarse whisper, "Shoot for me - long and hard."

Juanita spoke up.

"How about it, guys - which one of you will shoot the longest for Joanie?"

There were several hushed whispers among the males at the party.

"Well, let's all go out to the garage and we'll get started.  No sense in putting it off.  Joanie, you can come too if you want to watch."

"I'd love to watch," Joanie replied in her low sensuous voice.

The virtually empty garage had six pairs of floor-to-ceiling bars.  The bars of each pair were separated by about 30 inches.  Handkerchiefs, scarves, and lubricant rested on a small table.

"Okay, guys," Juanita instructed, "I want all of you to strip completely.  Then your assistant will tie you to one of the sets of bars.  Let's go, now!" She clapped her hands.

As the males shed their clothes, the women retrieved several binding straps.  Juanita had briefed them on the exact position that she wanted the males bound.  As each of them discarded the last of his clothing, his assigned assistant led him over to one of the sets of floor-to-ceiling bars and bound his ankles spread apart.  With his legs spread, he then had to bend his knees so that she could bind his knees to the vertical bar as well.  Although this position was more humiliating than standing with legs simply spread apart, it allowed his female assistant better access to his equipment.  Following that, she bound his arms in a similar way, so that the entire length of each forearm was attached to a vertical bar.

When the males were thus bound, all their members jutted straight out.  Joanie walked in front of the area to observe, and stood passively.

"Okay ladies," Juanita announced, "use your skills to bring your guy to a nice big cum!  I want them to shoot as far as they can.  This is not a speed contest, so take your time."

All the women began working on their charges.

Melissa, a quiet but aggressive blonde, placed her hands under her short skirt and removed her panties, letting them drop to the floor.  With a twinkle in her eyes, she generously lubricated her hands and then slowly and ceremoniously stroked and massaged Dennis' raging flagpole.  "We've got to go easy," she cooed, "I want you to build up to a winning squirt."  She varied the tempo and frequently paused when Dennis approached ejaculation.  As the session progressed and she had to be ever more vigilant and careful lest her charge be pushed over the edge too soon, she gave him frequent glimpses of the delights under her skirt.

Veronica's long black hair swayed as she worked on Jerry.  Her smooth olive-skinned legs were a pleasure to look at, and she knew it.  She used that knowledge to further stimulate her charge by displaying and moving her legs in a noticeable fashion while she applied her hand-jobbing skills.  When she had to reduce the stimulation to keep him from blasting forth, she lightly fingered his cock while staring at it with her mouth open.

Marsha's slightly dominant streak was a good match for Allen.  She felt his eyes worship her as she teased and tickled his cock, and skillfully stroked it.  He moaned aloud during the entire buildup.  Marsha was experienced in tease and denial, and brought Allen to the brink of ejaculation several times.  Each time, just before he would have spurted forth, she stopped and let him steep in his frustration.

Elena, a dark-haired Spanish beauty, smiled sexily at Eric.  She kept eye contact almost all the time, and puckered her lips in an inviting way while she slowly and deliberately applied her oiled hands to his throbbing erection.  Her almost dispassionate presentation of the extended hand job had the desired effect, with Eric frequently approaching and then receding from spurting.

Rosie, a rather tall strawberry blonde with smooth and firm athletic legs, spoke to Stan in a low voice.  "I really love that cock - you're going to give me a big, long squirt, aren't you? Mmmmmm."  Her firm hands had him writhing and groaning.

Trish, a sexy and slender young lady with dark hair and breast-length braids on each side, snapped on a disposable glove and lubricated her index finger.  Then she slowly pumped her finger in and out of Carl's back way for a few moments without touching his cock.  She smiled sensuously while she gazed at the twitching cock that oozed pre-cum.  After a few moments of this she pulled off the glove and set it on the floor.  Then with an expression that was at the same time innocent and naughty, she oiled her hands and wrapped them around Carl's erection.  Her bare arms presented a picture of an experienced milk maid as she brought him close to ejaculation several times and then backed off.  When it became apparent that there was not much to be gained from further stimulation, Trish stood to one side of Carl.  While one hand pumped, the other one tickle-touched his testicles.

"Okay, Carl," she coarsely whispered, "let it go anytime."

She kept pumping and palpating.

He drew several quick gasps, and emitted a loud "Uuuuuunh!"  

Trish felt his member momentarily harden, and then it began to pulse in her hand.  A streak of white-hot semen shot from his cock.  Then there were the spurts.

"Oh, yeah!" Trish exclaimed with glee.

About that same time, the others could no longer hold back, and they also spurted freely.

After the chorus of ejaculation, when the last drop had been drained from the six bound males, Juanita asked, "Joanie, tell me which one shot the furthest, and which one will be my sex slave tonight."

Joanie, with a slight smile on her face, walked from one end of the scene to the other, carefully gauging the distances of the spurts.  After a moment she looked up and announced, "Carl here will be spending the night with me...  and it looks like Stan will be your slave."

"Very good, Joanie.  Before we let them out of their bonds, I'd like Rosie to put this cock cage on Stan.  Then we can untie them."

Juanita handed a locking chastity cage to Rosie, who then fastened it in place around Stan's member.  The women then unbound their charges.

"Stan and Carl stay undressed," Juanita commanded.  "All the others may put their clothes on."

Everyone went back into Juanita's living room.  Carl sat next to Joanie, who sexily fingered his member back to hardness.  

Juanita, wearing no panties, sipped wine while sitting with her legs spread, and Stan knelt before her.  He could not keep from gazing at Juanita's bushy womanhood, and wondered what his night would be like.  The other women chatted among themselves, frequently giggling.  The four males who had not placed in the first or last category quietly talked among themselves, frequently glancing at Carl and Stan.

After a while the party began to wind down.  When a few of the people had left, Juanita called Trish over and asked, "Trish, you helped Carl win - would you like to stay the night and help put Stan through his paces?  I'm going to start him off with an enema and a shower - then things will get interesting."

"Oh, I'd love to!" she exclaimed.  "I'd like to watch you give him an enema.  When do we start?"

"Right now.  Joanie, you can use the guest room.  Stay as long as you want, even all night.  We're going to start Stan's night of discipline."

"Ooooh, that sounds interesting!" Joanie admitted.  Her hands were full with Carl's raging erection, and she led him up and had him follow her.

Juanita and Trish led Stan into the master bedroom.  A few minutes later Stan was on the floor, receiving his soapsuds enema, while Juanita and Trish looked on.  He struggled to retain it as the girls frequently giggled, and then they let him up to get rid of it.  Then he showered while the girls observed and talked.  When Stan stepped out of the shower, Juanita went to her bedroom and told Trish to bring him in when he was dry.

When they joined Juanita, she had taken off her skirt and blouse, and wore only her platform shoes.  She held a hardwood paddle.

"Before I use that butt for something else, I want to get it nice and red," she said.  "Trish, have him bend over."

"Come on now, Stan, I want you to bend over for your paddling," Trish sweetly said.  With one hand she held him in place.  She put her other hand around his cock cage.  "Hmm, too bad this is in the way.  I bet you'd like me to make you squirt."  Stan's erection hardened inside the cock cage.

Just then Juanita smacked the paddle across Stan's bottom.

"Ahh!" he exclaimed.  Another smack - and another - and another.  Stan grimaced, twisted, and shouted as Juanita kept paddling.  Trish worked to hold him in place.

"Ahh - Oh - Gaaaah - Please - No - Uhh!"

Juanita did not stop until Stan's bottom was red all over.  Then she told Stan to lie on the floor face up.  She straddled his face and had him kiss and lick her pussy through a climax.

"Trish, why don't you take a turn while I get ready for the next step."  Then she went in an adjoining room for a few minutes.

As Juanita slipped on a strap-on harness and probe, she smiled to herself when she heard Trish take charge in the other room.

"Start licking now - harder!  Mmmmm, yeah!  No, keep going, or I'll use that paddle!  Come on...  Yeah, like that!  Mmmm!  Mmmmmm!  Mmmmmm!  AAAAAAH!  Keep going - Aaaaaaah!"

Juanita returned to the bedroom and saw that Stan had a raging erection inside his cock cage as he licked and kissed Trish's delectable pussy.  She walked in front of Trish, who looked at the strap-on probe protruding from Juanita's hips.

"Whoa - looks like we're gonna have some fun!  I want to see this!"

"Stan, I want you to bend over across the edge of the bed, with your feet on the floor," Juanita directed.

As Stan got into position, Juanita gave further direction.  "Spread your feet apart and point them in... more still.  Now point your feet way in.  That's it."

"He can't clench his butt as much with his feet pointed in," she explained to Trish.  "Now you can watch me give him a good fucking!"

"No - please don't!  please!" Stan begged.

Juanita didn't answer - she instead placed a generous serving of lubricant all over her probe.  Then she got in position to administer her strap-on - her feet slightly spread, her knees bent to achieve the correct height.  She grasped Stan's bottom cheeks and spread them apart.  With her hips positioned correctly, the tip of the probe touched Stan's back way.  Juanita gave a slight shove and drove it in a couple of inches.

"Uhhhhh- Ahhhhhh!"

Juanita giggled, and held Stan's cheeks apart.  She pressed her lips together and began pumping.  She drove the probe a little further in each time.  Stan exclaimed aloud with urgent moans.

Trish looked on with interest as Juanita pumped.  As Stan's exclamations became more exuberant, Trish went over and placed her hands on his hips in an attempt to hold him still.

"OH!  UH!  PLEASE!  AHH!"

Despite Stan's protests, Juanita kept on fucking with her strapon until her hips began to ache.  She pulled out and said, "Whoa, that was fun!"

"Hey, I'd like to try that!" Trish exclaimed.

Juanita removed the strap-on harness and gave it to Trish.  She got on the bed and spread her legs wide and had Stan lick and kiss her pussy.  As he worked on Juanita with his mouth, Trish lubricated the probe and stepped up to use it.  With knees bent, she pried Stan's nether cheeks apart and entered him.

As she pumped, Stan exclaimed raucously as he also lavished oral attention on Juanita's labia.  The scene gave Juanita several orgasms, and after a while Trish pumped more exuberantly until Juanita called a halt.

"Do you want to stay the night, Trish?" Juanita asked.  "I'd like to get a little sleep, and then have some more fun."

Trish beamed with excitement, and they all got in bed, with Stan in the middle.  Being sandwiched between two attractive women while wearing a cock cage was not relaxing at all to Stan, and he had a constant erection which pressed against the confines of the cage.  The women took full advantage of his predicament and frequently ran their hands over his body.  They paid particular attention to his groin area, and they giggled as their firm slender fingers stimulated him to the point of distraction.

The women drifted off to sleep for a couple of hours.  When they awoke, they had Stan orally stimulate each of them to orgasm.  Then a couple more hours of sleep.  Trish awoke, got up and put on the strap-on, and with Stan lying face down on the bed, proceeded to give him a lengthy fucking.  Juanita, lying next to him, dreamily observed.

In the other bedroom, a totally different scene unfolded.  Carl, his hands trembling with excitement, slowly undressed Joanie.  Her bright and alluring smile aroused him no end. He feasted his eyes on the beautiful naked woman in front of him, and they got on the bed.

Joanie puckered her lips and spread her legs.  Her hands rested on her hips, with her fingers pointing toward her blonde mound.  Carl, with a throbbing erection, placed his mouth on her pussy and gently kissed and licked.  When he got a feeling for what excited Joanie, he became less inhibited and brought her to a raucous climax.  She grasped his erection and guided it into her.  
He lay prone on top of her and slowly pumped while looking into her eyes.  As the moments passed Joanie's excited eyes widened, her smile showed her intense arousal, and her breathing deepened.  Seeing Joanie like this stimulated Carl past the point of inevitability.  "Aaaaaaugh!" he exclaimed, as he propelled hard spurts into Joanie's womanhood.

Satiated from sexual release, he relaxed and drifted to sleep, still inside Joanie.

A few hours of refreshing sleep, and they were again engaged in blissful pursuits.

Back in Juanita's bedroom, Stan was on the bed, doggy-style, exclaiming aloud with each thrust as Juanita again insatiably fucked him with the strap-on.

"UH! Please! UH! I've - UH! had - UH! UH! enough! UH! Please - UH! Stop! UH! UH! UH!"

As the early morning sky began to brighten, Juanita and Trish sleepily sprawled on the bed while Stan brought them each to an intense orgasm with his mouth.  Joanie and Carl had left, and Juanita sent Stan home.

"What a night!" Juanita said to Trish.  "Maybe in another month we can do this again.  I need some sleep.  Come on."

Juanita and Trish crawled into her bed.  Both were naked.  They went to sleep with their arms around each other.

-----
This story is copyright 2004, 2006, 2009 by (rick_oh at onolanke (dot) router5 dot com).  All rights reserved.  No reposting without permission.
