
30
Jan/11 0
Being Doctor To Madhobi - Di

Hi ISS readers, I think all you know me. For the new readers, at first I introduce myself. I am Moni, late 40 and 5'-7". I was born in a middle class Bangladeshi Muslim family and serving in a public organization. My whole life is lustful indeed. As I gained some practical experience about sex at my childhood, I became a sex-maniac and whenever I got chance I tried to fuck any aged girls or women with many tricks without applying force or at least to peep the uncovered boobs and pussies from hidden places when they change attires.

I always find the chance to touch teats and breasts of sleeping girls or women. I think always believe "sex is one kind of art". So I want to share the real stories of those incidents of my life with yours. I assure you that every tale will give you a full satisfaction.

Dear readers, the conversations of the story obviously were in `Bangla', some places I have used `Bangla' as happened and translated into `English', otherwise I have tried to use translated English.

It was few years ago, when I was studying in Rajshahi University. Though I'm a Muslim but I never like fanaticism and I'm not a fanatic with my religion. So I have many friends of different religion. I also visit their houses, eat, drink, sleep and all you my readers know if I get chance I don't hesitate to go in bed with any kind of girl/lady. To me all are equal, all are human being, all are my friends and all are my relatives. Religion is a faith, everyone faiths as like his own believe, so nothing to argue there. As a result in the University I got many Hindu and Christian friends easily and they all are my very intimate.

One of my those friends, Monish was very close to me, we were residing in the same room in the hostel and Monish's thought flows like me and I also took him at my house and he also visited all the places there. After that he opined to take me to his house to introduce me with his family. I also interested to meet with his family. His father is the head teacher of the only high school of their locality and his father daily attended the school which was very far from their house. He had two elder sisters and two younger brothers. His younger brothers also studied in the same school and went school with their father.

Both of is two elder sisters are married, but the oldest between them Madhobi-Di was divorced and resided with them after her divorce. The cause of the separation was her barrenness, as I heard from Monish, his Madhobi-Di was not so cute to look, so they did not give her marriage again. Now she is not interested to marry again and she did some handicraft and earned sufficient money for her own. I was very eager to see her because I honored the lady in my thought.

The main difficulty was the communication. Monish's house in the village named Quabashi Idilpur of Pabna district. All who are of that locality know about the communication of that low land area. All over the year the land of the village became muddy except the flood season. It was so difficult to go that village except by boat in the flood season. There was then no road communication and the villagers travel only on foot mile after mile. So Monish did not want to take me in the dry (summer) season. Luckily the University remained closed for indefinite period for the political odd situation.

That was the flood season and Monish took the chance and offered me to visit his house. I gladly accepted and board in the train. After train there was a short bus journey and then we hired a boat. We reached his house in the dawn of the next day. The whole scenery enthralled me, Monish's house was looked like an island from the far. Actually the whole village as far as my eyesight went was sunk under water and the houses of the cultivators looked like an independent island. Monish's father cordially welcomed me and I soon introduced with his younger brothers, they were very gentle like Monish and they both became busy for taking care of me.

They had a separate guest house a little far from the main house, I saw such house at maximum cultivators' house. After taking rest about one hour in the guest house, Monish called me to go inside his main house. I thought he would reside me in the guest room but my thought was wrong. He took me to their main dining room and there I met with his mom and his eldest sister Madhobi-Di. Being a Hindu family all of them cordially accepted a Muslim friend of Monish, it enthralled me. I sat on the table and the breakfast was served. While I was taking breakfast, Madhobi-Di looked after us. Once I saw her standing in front of me and she was staring at me, she looked so innocent that I could not replace my eyes from her face.

Madhobi-Di also stared at me without falling eyelids and at last she smiled an innocent smile. I got a shock within my heart. Madhobi-Di was about 5 years older than Monish, I counted that she was then just 26/27 years and she was with her husband only about 5 years. She got married at her 19 years age and after 5 years she was divorced and about 3 years she had been residing with her parents. She wore a nose-ring and it gave an extra beauty to her appearance. She was about 5'-6" tall and slim figured with 32C cupped breasts. She wore shari and blouse and when she was stooping to serve us I could easily guessed her breasts.

Village girls do not wear undergarments and Madhobi-Di also wore nothing inside her blouse and for that I clearly guessed that though she didn't bear any child but her breasts were not plump but slightly saggy. I thought she regularly suckled her husband, which means she is very much familiar with fore-playing before fucking session. Her husband too utilized her breasts properly. This thought made me erected and I was repeatedly staring at Madhobi-Di and she also looked at me with inclined eyes and smiling. I got some positive signal from her and became very cheerful to think that at least my traveling would not go in vein. But I strictly took the decision that from my part I just show positive sign if Madhobi-Di willingly offered herself only then I will advance, otherwise not. After all she was my friend's sister and not only was that she the eldest sister of Monish.

I was passing my days by travelling on boat and visited various places. I also went the high school where Monish's father served and his two younger brothers studied. The school was very far from their house and it took about two hours to reach there. They went out at about 9 AM for their school by boat and returned at about 6 PM. They carried their dry lunch. Monish was always accompanied me so except some gossiping there was no chance to be closed with Madhobi-Di, it disheartened me. I also noticed that when we chatted Madhobi-Di always show some gloomy attitude and could not hide her exasperation about Monish's appearance with me always.

As my good luck a strange occurrence occurred. After 5 days had passed, suddenly few men came with two boats at Monish's house at the dawn. After few minutes I heard some crying from the inner house. I became very thoughtful about that and was waiting to know the reason. After about 20 minutes Monish came to me and informed me that his granny (mom's mother) suddenly died with snake bite and his mother must go to see her dead mother. Monish would have to accompany his mother and he begged apology for my sufferings. I scolded him and told "Monish, why are you hesitating? I'm your friend also, you must go with your mom, I never mind anything and I would be fine here, after finishing all the funeral activities when you will return we enjoy again together. Don't worry about me, I would not face anything disappointing here."

Monish called Madhobi-Di and repeatedly requested her to properly look after me. Madhobi-Di also assured her brother not to worry about his friend and she would take all care of his friend. Monish departed with her mom and the environment became calm and quiet. At the fixed time Monish's father and his younger brothers went out for school and after that we became alone in that house. I was in the guest house and Madhobi-Di was in the inner house. Once I desired to enter into the main house to see what Madhobi-Di was doing, but I suspended my thought soon. It may be harmful for me, if Madhobi-Di thought otherwise then it would be so harmful for me that the faith between friends would be spoiled.

At about 1:30 PM Madhobi-Di came to the guest house and invited me to go inner house to have lunch. I went into the inner house and saw that she arranged lunch for me on the ground, she spread a mat and arranged the lunch on it. When I reached she smiled and told "Ami chair table-e khaoa posondo kornia, matite matur pete khetei amar valo lage, sejonnei tomar jonnyo matite khabar sajiesi. Tomar somossa hobe na to (I never like to take food in the chair-table, I feel comfort on the mat on the ground, so I arranged your lunch on the ground. Would you feel problem)?" I smiled and replied, "No didi, I always take food on the mat in my own house. We never use dining table, it's comfortable to me also, please don't hesitate, I will feel very comfort on the ground."

I sat on the mat and Madhobi-Di also sat in front of me. She was serving my foods, she cooked various delicious items for me, the cooking was so nice and she was serving sitting in front of me. May be intentionally she slipped her shari from her chest and I could see the mounds of her breasts. When she was stooping to serve me I could clearly see the cleavage of her breasts. Madhobi-Di's complexion was not so bright but fair though she looked slightly dark complexioned, she tied a cotton band with her right arm and she wore some red glass bangles. She also tied a black thread at her wrist. Why she tied those I don't know. May be she tied those for getting a baby when she was with her husband.

While I was having my lunch she smiled and told "Moni, tomar kono kisu dorkar holey Didir kase chaite lojja korona, tomar ja dorkar jokhon dorkar amake bolo, ami amar saddhyomoto chesta korbo, pore abar bolona je didir kase cheye paini (don't hesitate to want anything you need, just tell me whatever you need any time, I will try my best, don't tell later that you didn't get your desire from didi)". I smiled and told "No Didi, nothing would be required, though if anything need I'd tell you and I have nothing to hesitate to you". She giggled and mysteriously told "ar didi Jodi tomar kase kisu chay, debe (and if didi wants something to you, will you give)?" I replied "why not, you are caring me so cordially, whatever you will demand to me I'd try my best to fulfill that, just utter." She again mysteriously smiled and told "thik ase dekha jabe (okay let me see)".

When she was stooping forward I was staring at her cleavage of the breasts, I think she noticed that but she didn't cover her blouse with the shari, otherwise she was smiling and stared at me repeatedly. After finishing the lunch I went the guest house and as there was no work for me to pass time I lain on the bed to take a nap. In the flood season there was plenty of mosquito's attack. They also bit at day time and it was very difficult to sleep without mosquito net. But the net was in the inner house and I had no intention to call Madhobi-Di to give me the net. I might go in a nap and suddenly I woke by hearing some odd sound. I silently opened my eyes and saw that Madhobi-Di was appearing there with a mosquito net and was setting it with the stands.

I decided to act like sleeping and not to know Madhobi-Di that I was awaking. She set the four corner of the net with the stands and then began to tuck the edge under the mattress. I was lying on my back so I clearly could see all activities of Madhobi-Di. She started tucking from my legs and then gradually increased towards me head. For stooping forward her shari was removing from her upper body and there was only the blouse, she wore a green shari with matching blouse. When she was tucking the net at my flank I could see the deep cleavage of her soft breasts and it made me erected. Luckily I was lying attaching my legs, I carefully suppressed my penis within my thighs which was just raising upwards, Madhobi-Di couldn't realize anything.

At last she reached at my head, the mattress was stuck with the headrest of the cot, so it became difficult to lift the mattress for her. She stooped more and applied more strength to lift the mattress but she failed. But when she was trying to lift the mattress, she had to apply force and her body became downed and as a result her soft breasts were smashing with my face. After few minutes she sensed that and I think she became very horny fro rubbing her breasts with my face. Which was happening unwillingly, it turned into her intention next, Madhobi-Di realized that her breasts were rubbing my face and she sensed and her sex aroused as she was very familiar with those.

Madhobi-Di became very sexual aggressive and I felt her nipples became very hard and one nipple was poking on my lips, I was keeping shut my mouth. Madhobi-Di was acting like she trying to tuck the net but she was busy to poke her nipple into my mouth, she was pressing so roughly that her soft breast covered my nose and I couldn't breathe properly. As a result I had to move to breathe and she understood that I woke up. So there was nothing to hide from her part, she realized and pressing her breast with my mouth she whispered into my ear "chuso (suck)". At first I didn't react and decided to wait for some time. But Madhobi-Di didn't let me wait and she opened my mouth forcibly with her hand and inserting her hard nipple into my mouth again whispered "chuso, jore jore chuso, Didi etai chay (suck, rapidly suck, Didi wants it)".

I had nothing to do otherwise sucking her nipple and I began to suck the nipple, she was hissing in ecstasy and then began to moan "ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah". I was sucking the nipple over her blouse and the nipple was covered with the cloth. Madhobi-Di then again whispered into my ear "lokkhi dada, blouse-er botam khule nao (dear honey, unbutton the blose)". I opened my eyes and she was staring at my eyes, I saw lust she was staring with lustful eyes and smiling. I unbuttoned the blouse and she removed it from her body, then her upper body became fully bared.

Her soft breasts were slightly baggy and the nipples were short but hard. The nipples were surrounded within about 2 inches dark black circles, the circles were very supple to look at. I took the nipples with the whole black circle into my mouth and began to suck one and grabbing the other breast I began to squeeze, the breasts were very soft and very nice for squeezing. Madhobi-Di was then suffering from sex fever and her whole body was shuddering in ecstasy and she was hissing like snakes and moaning loudly. I was sucking and kneading her breasts and she then stretched her hand and untied the knot of my lungi and removed from there, my thighs were then bared. I kept my penis suppressed within my thighs but she held my knee and dragged to part my legs.

My erected iron hard penis got loose and sprung from the confinement of my thighs. When the penis jumped upwards she grabbed my penis and began to press my penis, I saw she was staring at my penis with greedy eyes. She then stood up releasing me and horridly removed her shari and petticoat and became starkly nude, I noticed that she shaved her underarm hairs neatly but didn't shave pubic hairs. Her sparsely curly long black hairy pussy was shining and when she astride on my head I could see her long and huge swelled black clitoris, within no second her pussy descended on my mouth and I felt she already took my penis into her mouth and began to suck. Her pubic hairs were rubbing with my chin.

Madhobi-Di was rubbing her pussy with my mouth and I was licking her pussy and clitoris, I got brackish taste of her pre-cum oozing from her pussy hole and I was licking and drinking the juices. I was kneading her soft breasts and nibbling her nipples with my both hands. She was rubbing her pussy with stormy speed and was sucking my penis vigorously that she was thirsty for long years. She became moaned louder and louder and was rubbing her pussy with my face like fucking action and soon she pressed her pussy with my face and with loud moan she ejected on my face. Some thick yellowish sticky juice was oozing from her pussy canal and dripped into my mouth, it was alkaline taste, I licked and drank all the juices oozing from her pussy canal.

Madhobi-Di became calm and laid on my body keeping her pussy on my mouth. She laid at the same position about 20 minutes and I thought she has fallen in deep sleep. I stretched my tongue and licked her pussy lips then I touched my tongue tip at her clitoris and rubbed the clitoris to titillate. Soon Madhobi-Di responded to my action and again began to rub her pussy, she again started sucking my penis and she was licking surrounded my penis head and it was giving me immense pleasure. I again started licking her pussy and her pussy canal and I inserting my tongue head into her pussy hole. I was also licking her pussy end till her asshole and she was crying in ecstasy.

I then got up and laid her on her back and again keeping me in 69 position I was licking her pussy, at that time her lower portion of the body was at the out of the cot and her legs were touching the floor. After few minutes Madhobi-Di told me "niche namo (get down)." And I got down from the cot. She lifted her feet on the edge of the cot and parted her legs wider bending from her knees to give me easy access within her thighs. Her legs made a big "M" shape. Then she parted her pussy hole with her hand and ordered me to insert my penis. The pussy hole was well lubricated and I set my circumcised strawberry shaped pointed penis head with the orifice of her pussy hole.

I grabbed her thighs and applied pressure from my waist to thrust my penis into Madhobi-Di's pussy. It was hardly erected and for the hardness my penis's body followed the head for both shoving and lubricating. She screamed first that my penis was hurting her pussy canal but when the penis inserted totally till its base she then calmed and began to enjoy the movement of my penis. I was moving my penis in and out bending my body forward to knead and suck Madhobi-Di's breasts. While I was fucking her hard she was just moaning and then she told me "dada, tomar barata eto boro ar mota je nite kosto hoy kintu ekbar niley monta vorey jay. Amar onekdiner shokh cilo eirokom barar chodon khaoa kintu sobi amar durvaggyo, amar shamir bara cilo 5 inchi lomba, amar sonar tola porjonto jetoi na. aj mone hocsse amar sona sarthok ekta bara peyese, chudo dada valo kore chudo, chude chude amar sob ros khosaye deo, kotodin barar thape ros khosate parina, angul diye kam sarte hoy."

She continued her talkativeness "oh dada, tomar abrata giye amar jorayur sathe dhakka lagacsse, ki je moja lagtese, deo aro jore hore dhakka deo, amar vaita je keno aro aage tomake anlo na. Oida ekta nadan, boner kosto bojhe na, sobsomoy tomare guard diye rakhe. Chinta koro na dada tomar bara amak pagol kore dise, ami ratre palaya tomar ghore chole asbo, je kotodin ekhane thakba amare sarart dhore chudba, ami tomake raite ghumate debona. Chudo dada jore hore thapo, tomar sorire onek shokti amar maang fataya deo. Chire felo oh oh ah ah ah ah ah ah ah aha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha hah aha hah ah. Dada kemon lagtisce didre chudte ta to bolle na, amar sona tight na? Ei dada bolo na valo lagtise na, darao tomare sona diye kamrai."

I then brought out my penis and placed her on the cot on her flank, then I got up on the bed. I lifted her one leg towards the ceiling and sat on her other thigh. Then I rested my body on my knees and thrust my penis again into her opened pussy hole, this time my penis inserted till its last millimeter and Didi then started her moaning "oh amar sona, amar chader konas, amar lokkhi dada, tomar barata amar peter moddhe ekebare kolijay jeye guta disse. Maira falao, ami ar sojjo korte partesi na, chudo, tomar moner moto kore chudo, thapao, ghapao oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ummm uh uh uuuuhhh uuuhhhh aaaaaahhhhh aaaaahhhh aaaaaahhhhh ooooooohhhh uuuuuhhhh waaaaa.

I fucked her about five minutes at that pose and then again dragged her at the edge of the cot and placed her body on her chest, then I parted her legs along the edge of the cot and thrust my penis again standing on the floor. That time her asshole became opened at my front and I inserted my finger into her nice asshole and she was screaming in the ecstasy. She told "oh amar sona manik, amar nanger nang, amar putkite angul disso, khub moja lagtese, deo deo valo kore deo." I told "Didi, I will fuck your asshole too." She again screamed and told "sotti bolteso sona, amar gaar chudba, chudo, ami konodin gaar chuda khaini, kokhon chudba?" I replied "next time sona, please wait." I again rolled her body on her back and began to rub her clitoris while I was fucking her.

She made some spasms within her pussy canal, it was giving me more pleasure. The pussy wall grasped my penis tightly and the spasms were great sensible. She also uplifted her waist to give me more joy from the fucking session. She pressed her pussy wall with an extra capability and I was enjoying much. She was moaning "oh dada, tomar barata amar sonar moddhe khape khape sete gese, eto mota tomar bara je amar sonar futo sobta dokhol kore niyese, thpao aro jore jore thapao, oh oh oh oh ah ah ah ah ah ah mmm mmm mmm mmmm aaaaaah aaaaaaaaauuuuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhhccccccccchhhhhhhhhhhh and bended upwards with her full strength and her orgasm happened. She ejected her load drenching my penis inside her pussy.

The flow of her semen gave my penis so excited sensation, and for the ejection her pussy walls spasm bit my penis so nicely that the warm sensation and spasms feeling made me ejected within few seconds and I shot my load inside her pussy hole. Then we hugged both and lying on the bed for half an hour. Then she got up and dressed herself and then went into the main house. She served me snacks at the evening after her father and younger brothers returned. She nicely served the dinner and never looked at me. At the deep night after her father and younger brother slept she came to the guest house and really she didn't let me sleep in the whole night, I had to fuck her thrice in the night, at the dawn she returned.

In the next day she wore a nice orange colored silk shari and I offered her to let me take some pictures without the blouse. At first she hesitated and when I acted that her decision hurt me then she agreed. I had the camera with me and I took some snaps placing the shari in between her breasts cleavage, her breasts clear view I confined into my camera. Then I offered her to give the pose without shari and I wanted to take the snaps of her nice pussy, she first argued but when I swore that I wouldn't expose the pictures to anybody except me and I convinced her that when I would be alone the pictures will be the remembrance of her then she agreed and I took some photos of her nice hairy pussy.

Monish returned after the funeral of his granny after 7 days and those seven days I had to fuck Madhobi-Di twice in the day time and thrice in the night. Meanwhile we decided to return to the university and I have to leave some nice experience in that remote village where I would never return, I know. Please mail me if you have any comments or suggestion for me. I'm able to fuck any lady minimum thrice in a night. Any aged girls/women living in Dhaka feel lonely can mail me at peepingtom420@gmail.com.
Author: 