Feldare Tales - Oathtaker - by Mack the Knife

The sun blazed hot down on the pair of horses riding the path between the high pines. The lead horse was ridden by a man. A tall, skinny man wearing very expensive-looking clothes, and some equally expensive jewelry. His face was unlined, and he was perhaps thirty. He had a rather thin face, and a nose that would be called aquiline by the generous, or simply beakie by the crude. His eyes were alert and shined despite their almost black coloration. His brown hair was cropped close to his skull and laid in oiled down ringlets. He was obviously a man of means.

The second horse, following the first, was ridden by a girl, or a young woman, looking to be about twenty years of age. She had a reasonably pretty face, if somewhat large-featured, and large expressive blue eyes. Her hair was golden blonde on the surface with a layer of darker almost brown underneath. It was worn loose, and flowed to just past her shoulders. Her body was fairly long, and not lightly built, though far from heavy. She was fit, and trim in her fashion, she was simply not petite. She had reasonably sized breasts, that filled her peasants blouse out well enough, and what could be seen of her legs from beneath her knee-length skirt were agreeably shapely. As his garb was expensive, hers was obviously home-made. Even her shoes consisted of leather rectangles with cloth sewn to the upper surface. Her skin was bright pink from the scrubbing she had been given that morning with lye soap and a hard brush.

They had wanted her very clean for the landlord. He was Lord Darvid Vichenso the Third, and he owned her familys farm and the lands they tilled. The last three years had been unkind to them, and they had several crops fail them, rather oddly, too, as the weather had been good, and few other farmers nearby had suffered such losses. But they were a good, solid family, and kept their business. When Lord Vichenso came to them demanding his rent and the back rent, they had nothing to give. He then said. I will take your daughters service in my home, then. As payment for current rents due, and you will only have to come up with the back rent by next year. He sneered at the poor family. If Sylva will grant her promise to serve me well.

Sylva had done so. I will serve you, then, to save my family from eviction. I will do as you ask. I swear it. She had said. 

Now it had come to this. She was riding behind him. No sooner had they left the farmstead and begun the half day journey to his country estates, than he had informed her that her duties, per her promise would include rather personal services to him. You have sworn to serve me as I ask, and I will hold you to that. Your family will have a place to live, so long as I am pleased with the services you provide in the home, and in my bedroom.

She had cringed at that, she was a maiden, and had never known even the touch of a mans hands. She did not relish the idea of giving this greasy little man her maidenhood, but had no choice. If her family was evicted, they could well starve, or fall victim to some of the truly horrid fates that befell the homeless, like being rounded up by slavers or simply slain for their meager possessions. She had sworn her oath, knowing full well what it might entail. Her mother had told her that much. Her mother was not pleased at the idea, nor was her father, but they had little choice, they did have four other children to protect, and being the kept woman of a noble was not bound to be quite so terrible.

She watched the rump of his horse bob gently as she swayed in her sidesaddle position on the horse he had brought for her. Her expressive eyes were wet with unshed tears and she knew that in a few hours, that scrawny man would be on top of her, deflowering her in a few moments, then spending himself and then falling asleep. She cringed again. Then she sat upright. Her oath bound her, and she would never break it.

He looked back and winked at her, smiling. She forced a smile onto her face, and returned the wink. She thought that this fool actually believed she was enjoying this. As soon as he turned back around, she stuck out her tongue at him.

We will be at my manor ere nightfall. He said over his shoulder. Your household duties will begin on the morrow. Then he leered back at her. Your other duties will begin a hour or two after we arrive. He winked again. By the One, she wanted to just leap on him and claw his eyes out. But no, she would not do that.

I look forward to learning my duties. She said, hating each word she uttered and piling all the syrup she could muster into them to make them stick.

He chuckled at that, as he had made a clever witticism. Then clucked to his horse to pick up the pace a bit. Her own horse, being normally a pack horse, followed the lead horse obediently. Just like herself, she thought, follow obediently.

As they rode near a particularly dense clump of small pines, she thought she saw something move in the trees. Sir. She said. There is somethin... Her words were cut off by a shape emerging from the foliage. It was nine feet tall, and looked as a man, but more crudely chiseled. It leapt from the trees and hurled a stone at the lead horse. The stone struck the horses head and it collapsed as its brains coated the mans fine jacket. He screamed like a woman as the horse collapsed under him, and it rolled to its side, pinning his puny leg beneath its body.

Sylvas horse whinnied but did not quite run, it simply shied away from the looming form that approached them. She dismounted in an ungainly fashion, being unpracticed with horses, and moved back from the humanoid. It regarded her and the man. 

Dear Lord. Darvid said, still squealing in a high-pitched voice. Please, stop him. He said.

Who stop what? Sylva thought. Then she thought quickly. Release me and call my familys debts void. She said picking up a large stick off the ground.

The big humanoid loomed over his fallen horse and it reached down toward the man. It is done, I release you and your debts are voided, now kill it! He screamed.

She charged at the creature with her makeshift club, as she neared it, she cocked back the heavy wooden pole and swung with all her might. The creature simply reached out a hand and caught it in one massive palm. The shock of its sudden stop almost threw her to the ground. She looked up, standing only about two feet from it and figured that it was time for her to die. It turned to face her, its huge head swinging toward her. Its eyes were massive and brown.

It stood back up, yanking the stick from her grip and hurling it off into the trees, where it made a terrific racket. It regarded her some more, punctuated by the yammering of Darvid.

You try hit me. It said, in understandable, if debased, Ghantian. It cocked back one of its great fists and prepared to drive her into the ground like a blonde headed fence post.

She held up her hands and screamed. Wait!

It stopped a moment. It had never been asked to wait before, so it was curious what it was to wait for. He looked at her with those big dumb eyes. What me wait for? He said, his head tilting.

I will make you a deal. She said. Trying to think quickly.

No deal! It said. Humans lie Tok, humans hurt Tok! He said, pointing at large scars on his ribs.

She said. Im not like them, I keep my word. She said, and pointed to the fallen nobleman. Ask him.

The great head rotated around and over Darvid and looked down. She keep word? He asked.

Y...yes...yes, she keep word. Darvid stammered out in a voice both quavery and squeaky.

Tok turned back to face her. O K. You keep word, what deal? He asked, eyeing her dubiously.

If you dont kill me, and let that man go, She pointed at Darvid, I will stay with you.

Tok looked askance at her. You be wife? He asked. Good wife?

She nodded. Yes, I will be a good wife. If you will be a good husband. She looked at Darvid, and launched a quick imploring look at him. He nodded minutely in return.

He held out his hand, as if to shake hers. Swear it. He said.

She winced and took his massive hand. He smelled of old sweat, and grease, and outhouse stench. I swear it. She said, trying to force a smile.

Tok looked down and said. Deal, then. He then turned to his right and spit a huge wad of fleghm onto the ground. Sylva tried to copy him, but achieved only marginal success. She was scared and repulsed, and worried.

The ogre looked down at Darvid, and reached toward him. The nobleman squealed again, and cringed back. But Tok simply lifted the horse off of him and hefted it like a large sack of potatoes in both arms. Me keep horse meat. He said. Then chuckled. No good to you now, anyway. His chuckle was like the sound of two large stones being ground against each other.

He turned toward the wood. Go first...wife. He said nodding toward the treeline. She cast another look over her shoulder toward Darvid and he caught her eye, and nodded again, then mouthed Two days. She minutely nodded and then proceeded Tok into the woods.

As they walked Tok said. You very pretty girl.

She looked back and again forced a smile at him. Thank you, youre very strong. She said, truthfully.

Yeah, me strongest ogre in wood. He said proudly. Me wife die last winter, want new one, now have new one, and she pretty.

She walked onward, with him giving her directions on when to turn and how much. Finally, they came to a cave mouth. Me house. He said, chuckling. Best cave in wood. He pointed out. 

She proceeded him again, and recoiled at the stench within. He dropped the horse carcass on the ground and uncovered a small fire under a leather hood. He then lit a torch with it and set it into a wall sconce. The cave was maybe thirty feet deep and the same wide, almost round. It was just one large room, with a crude hole bashed into the roof to let light in and smoke out.

She looked at the room, it was furnished mainly with a huge pile of half-cured pelts and some rather tatty-looking blankets. As she looked, the saddle blanket from the riding horse was added to the pile. Most of the smell came from that particular pile. There were several barrels against the far wall, and she would find out later what they contained, if anything. There was also a crudely built table and chairs, quite large.

Me house. He said, his chest again filling with pride.

She looked around appraisingly, then said. Its very nice. But needs cleaning.

Tok regarded her. You wife, clean you job. He chuckled. She shrugged, she had planned on cleaning in her other job, too, at least Toks house was not quite so large as Darvids manor.

She began to do just that. She pulled each pelt out of the house and laid it out on the ground outside the cave. She asked Tok if he had a knife.

What want knife for? He asked suspiciously.

She said. To scrape those pelts, you didnt do a very good job of it and they stink mightily.

He nodded slowly, but kept an eye on her after he handed her a small fighting blade. It would serve, though a good skinning knife would have been better.

She set to it, scraping the skins one by one. As the light failed, she had finished almost half of them, and moved them back into the cave. She heaped them in a pile. The reek in the cave was almost halved now. She could at least breath deeply without being on the verge of throwing up.

Tok stood from his chair, and took the knife, placing it on a high shelf, far from her reach. He turned back to her. We fuck now. He said, reaching for his loincloth.

She panicked and said the only thing that came to mind. WE WHAT!!! She screamed, as if she were deeply offended. Her face reddened with rage.

The ogre stepped back, looking confused and afraid for a moment. Me want fuck wife. He said.

She railed on him. A good husband does NOT FUCK his wife, he MAKES LOVE to her! She hollered at the top of her lungs. Tok gave back again. You will NOT FUCK me this night, as you are obviously a very BAD HUSBAND! The nine foot tall, six hundred pound humanoid was backed to the wall, by the five-foot eight, hundred and forty pound girl. You will apologize to me and you will go to bed and I will sleep over here, by the table.

Tok stood for a long moment, his face a total blank. Then shuffled to his pile of furs and blankets, then laid down, looking at her. She huffed at him with totally manufactured hostility and went over near him and dragged one blanket, the horse blanket from today out of the pile. She laid it under the table, she then covered the little fire and went to her bed.

---

In the morning Tok was up and awake before her, he was sitting at the cave entrance, scraping the skins that were still outside the cave with the fighting knife. He was not doing a half bad job of it.

As she approached him, he looked over at her. Sitting, he was almost the same height. He held up the newly scraped skin, smiling broadly with his crooked teeth. Me fix skins, want you lie in bed tonight, so me make it not stink. She looked on as he continued. She followed behind him with a second knife after he fetched it down for her, and finished each skin to her satisfaction. Between them, the skins were done in a couple of hours. She then stood and massaged the small of her back.

She walked to the back of the cave. The barrels, she found, were full of brandy. She figured they might be useful, it was potent enough to be flammable. She might be able to burn this brute out and escape. The idea of trying terrified her though. He was so damn powerful, he might kill her with a single swat. She had thought of trying to slip off last night, but whenever she moved, he seemed to come awake. His senses were fantastic, she decided, or he slept incredibly lightly. She had little doubt that those five foot legs could outrun her handily, as well. So, she bided her time. Darvid had said two days. So she would hold out until tomorrow, or the next morning.

In the meantime, she meant to make the best of her home. She had Tok carry all the blankets to the nearest water, and he guided her to a stream. Why wash blanket? He asked her.

Because, She said patiently. Good husbands dont let their wives sleep in filthy blankets and skins. She showed him her arm. We are delicate, and if we get too much dirt on us, it hurts.

Tok nodded, and sat on the shore with her and they pounded and wrung the blankets all out, they were fairly clean when they were done. She stretched, it was a little after noon. He helped her hang the blankets on tree branches to dry and they went back to the cave. She had him beat out the skins against the wall of the cliff next to the cave mouth, and he did so, whistling as he did it. The cave now smelled pretty decently. She crafted herself a twig broom, and swept out the detritus from the cave.

Me no want dig hole. He complained. Why want?

We need a place for trash, and to go to the toilet. She said, looking at him. A good husband does not pee on the wall of the cave, there will be no more of that. She said, shaking a finger at him. And I found turds on the floor. No more of that either.

He flinched when she said turds, and silently went to work with a old shovel head, digging a hole. 

She swept the pile of stuff into the hole and then said. Now you poop and pee in this hole, you hear?

Me hear. He said, sullenly. The sky was growing dark, and she knew what would be coming next.

After they ate a horse-meat stew she cooked and he butchered the remaining horse meat. She washed out the bowls in a small tub. He watched her with interest. You clean bowl too? He said. You very clean. He smiled. Me like.

She finished and turned to face him. Im glad you like it. She said. 

He stood up and pointed at their newly cleaned and dusted bed. We go f...make love now? He asked. His face hopeful.

No. She said. Crossing her arms.

He said. Why no make love? His eyes imploring now.

You are filthy. She said. A good husband cleans himself before coming to his wife to make love. She added. And I washed only yesterday morning. When was your last bath?

Toks expression got angry. Me do things you want, me being good husband, me want make love now!

No. She said sternly. You will clean yourself tomorrow morning, then tomorrow night, we will make love. She saw the look of belligerence in his sallow face. Do not say anything. She said. I promised to be a good wife to a good husband. She said. I will, too, but you will be a good husband first. She looked at him. You stink of piss and shit, and you have dirt everywhere. She made a sour face. If you want to make love to me, you will clean up so I can hold you and touch you and kiss you.

His face slowly changed to one of resignation and he crept over to the bed. He asked. You sleep in bed, then?

She nodded. She had to give him something. I will sleep in the bed. She crawled onto the huge pile of skins and blankets, and pulled one over herself. He did stink, but not horribly so. Or maybe her nose was becoming adjusted to the smell. She was tired from a long day of work, and she fell asleep quickly.

---

When she awoke, she saw Tok sitting in the doorway, looking glumly at the outside.

Whats wrong, Tok? She asked him.

He looked up at her. You want me take bath. He said. Me not know how. He looked down morosely. Never take bath before.

She smiled at the pained expression on his face. She had to confess, this brute was trying very hard.

I will show you how. She said, smiling at him. Do you have soap?

He shook his head. No know what soap is. He said.

She looked around then found a hard bristle brush among the piles of implements and items in the back area. She said We will make do without it then.

The two walked down to the stream, and she made him sit in it, then she had him remove his loincloth. She took off her dress, wearing now only a body stocking of loose cotton. She splashed water on him and then began to scrub with the brush. It took both hands to finally break the dirt loose and begin to find tanned pink skin beneath. As she scrubbed his back, he said That feel good. Me like bath. She worked on his huge arms, and even his pits which took quite a lot of work. Then she started cleaning his chest and belly, as her ministrations got to the lover portion of his huge, muscular torso, she noticed something poking out of the water. She looked down and realized it was his manhood, she gasped, and stepped back.

What wrong? He said, looking around in the water for a snake or other creature that would frighten her.

She regained her composure and went back to work, now on his feet. It was nothing, I thought I saw something, but was wrong.

He seemed satisfied and just sat there and enjoyed the scrubbing. When she got to the top of his thighs, she realized she would have to soon face it anyway. She swallowed hard and reached down into the water, her hand found his organ and she grabbed it. Even with her largish hands she could not quite get her fingers around the huge thing. She scrubbed it gently with the brush in the other hand. Finally pronouncing it clean after he had achieved quite a impressive erection and was smiling like an idiot. She ordered him to flip over and he did so, holding his head out of the water with his hands as she scrubbed the backs of his legs then his massive buttocks. She rolled her eyes and gritted her teeth and told him to spread his cheeks, then scrubbed out that unmentionable place, too, finally, when the water stopped changing colors, she saw nothing but the tanned pink of his flesh in the water, and figured it would have to do.

She bade him put his cloth back on after washing it out herself. He stood up, and his massive rod was standing there right before her. Her eyes could not help but follow its progress as he stood, and it stood there, massive and proud, curving upward to where the head was right before her eyes. It was about three and half hands long, she thought. If he makes love to her, she would surely be killed.

He stopped her as she got ready to leave the water. You not take bath. He said. You need bath too, make clean for love tonight.

She smiled at that, sounded like he had the idea. Okay. She said. Unbuttoning her cotton body suit. But I will bathe myself, you would probably hurt me with that brush.

He nodded and sat on the bank as she disrobed and went into the water. She scrubbed herself well as she could and that seemed to satisfy him. She noted that he had another erection now, and why not, she had just been nude before him.

She got dressed and they went to the cave. As they approached she saw an arrow stuck in a tree near its mouth. Tok seemed to not notice it. She stopped behind him and pulled it out of the tree and shoved it under her dress.

Once they were inside, she managed to get the arrow out while fiddling with the items in the back of the cave and there was a bit of paper tied to it. Sylva could read some, and slowly she read the tiny script:

It is taking longer to find the assistance to rescue you that I need. Please wait another few days. Help is coming. -Darvid.

She crumpled the paper up and cursed quietly. Damn him, the arrogant prig was afraid to try to rescue her without a whole damn army behind him, no doubt. She sighed and turned toward Tok.

He stood up and smiled, admiring his clean skin. Me like soft skin. He said, touching his arm with his other hand. You good wife. He smiled.

She smiled back, not even noticing that it was not all that forced. She sighed again and walked to him. You are becoming a good husband, too. She said to him, and patted his hand.

He virtually vibrated at that touch. She started supper, as bathing him had taken most of the morning and it was now well past noon. Another day for horse stew. She set him to smoking the remaining horse meat, to preserve it. Make meat last longer time without taste bad? He said, and shrugged. He took her word for it. You know lots things. He commented while he smoked the meat over the small fire.

They puttered around the cave the remaining evening. As she washed the dishes she realized that she had nothing left to hold him off with. She got the last of them done and with a lump in her throat, turned to face the room.

Tok was sitting in his favorite chair. There was no stink in the cave now, just the smell of earth and smoke. He looked over at her. We make love now? He asked. Or you still not want me?

She swallowed hard, unable to think of anything other than. Your too damn big and youll kill me.

She nodded slowly. Yes. We will make love now. She said, and looked down.

He stood up and walked to her. What wrong wife? He asked. Me still not good husband.

She shook her head. No, youve been a good husband. She said. Im afraid. I am a maiden.

He looked shocked. You maiden? He said, his eyes wide. Me be extra careful. No hurt you.

She smiled weakly. You will hurt me, believe me.

Me no want hurt you. He said. Me good husband.

If we make love, it will hurt me, husband. She said.

Tok could not figure a way around that one. He scratched his bald head. Even make love gentle? He asked.

Even if. She said. Then she said. I have an idea. She went to the brandy barrel and got a bowl full of the stuff. She swilled down a large gulp, then coughed. She force down some more, then another swallow. She said Wait a minute, I can try to make it not hurt bad. After another half hour she was slurring her speech a bit. And then it truly sank in, she was drunk. She stood up unsteadily. Okay. She said. I shink I can do it noooow. She started taking off her dress and walking toward the bed. By the time she got there, she had started unbuttoning her body suit. She shrugged out of it, and sat down with a thump, then giggled. I am drunksh, my hushbend. And smiled at Tok.

Tok stood from his chair and regarded her a moment, then unfastened his belt holding up his loincloth. It fell to the floor, revealing his massive organ. Sylvas eyes grew large and she said Wow. And she goggled at it.

He came up to her and sat beside her. She looked up at him and smiled. It schuden hurt too mush now. She said. Tok winced a little at her ripe breath.

Good. He said. Not want hurt good wife. He added. He reached toward her and touched a breast, his large hand enfolded it easily, even though she was far from small. He squeezed it gently, and she moaned a little at the touch, her nipple hardening. She put her hand over his and pressed it harder to her skin. He reached with the other hand and grabbed the other breast. She walked around and stood between his legs right in front of him. He touched and squeezed her breasts and she touched his face. He leaned forward with his large lips puckered. She let him kiss her, and felt the softness of his lips with surprise. She let her tongue run over them and then felt his tongue come out and enter her mouth, filling it, she nibbled on it and he liked that.

She felt his manhood brush her leg as it hardened. And finally taking the plunge, reached down for it. She knelt in front of it and wrapped both hands around the three inch wide shaft. She stroked it gently up and down, as she had to do on the farm when a stallion was hesitant to mount a mare, or a bull a cow. Tok moaned loudly and his face became vacuous bliss. She could not help but to smile a little at this, then stuff started to flow out of the end. It was semen. Had he come already? That would be a blessing. You are finished? She asked him.

He looked down at her. No finished. He said. Why? You tired?

She shook her head and watched as more of the fluid flowed out, coating his shaft and her hands. It was thick and white and smelled slightly salty. And, by the One, there was a lot of it. He looked down at her, his smile as wide as his face. You use mouth?

She looked at the massive leaking organ and cringed. I dont know how. She ventured.

He looked at her again. Just try? Please? He said, and he was very hopeful-looking. She lowered her eyes, and thought that if she could finish him with her mouth, she might escape with her virginity intact. She knelt down and opened her mouth wide, the smell wasnt at all bad from the semen, and she lowered her head over him. As she put her lips around it, the flow increased as he moaned again. She started swallowing, as not doing so would have been harder, so full was her mouth and tight the fit to her lips. She continued to stroke the shaft and he kept moaning from time to time. She felt she must have drunk half a gallon of the stuff already. It did not taste too bad, and she found it not quite as odious as she had at first thought. Then she heard him grunt. And his hips bucked. Suddenly, her mouth was flooded with the stuff, filling quickly, no matter how fast she swallowed, it backed up and into her nose and dribbled out. Then it finally slackened and stopped. When she let it go and gasped for air and blew her nose clear of the slick stuff, she looked up at him and he was out cold, snoring softly and still smiling.

She crawled up onto the bed proper and laid beside him, and soon went to sleep as well.

--- 

The next morning, she awoke to see Tok was missing from the cave. She rose and walked to the mouth. Her head ached, and then she remembered drinking the brandy last night. She supposed she might have overdone it. Looking out into the small clearing, she still did not see him. She went back inside and grabbed some smoked meat to eat. Thoughts of running went through her mind, but she feared he would catch her and then simply smash her flat for her treachery. She swept out the cave, and set some more stew to cooking.

A little while later, Tok came back into the cave, humming happily to himself. You waked. He said, and walked up to her. He bent low and gave her a kiss on her forehead.

She gave him a morning smile and said. Whered you go?

To shaman, got something for you. He said, smiling widely as he held out a small package made from flexible leaves, wrapped about with bark-twine. She say this make you like fire drink, but not make you act funny.

She took the package. It contained some sort of ground powder. What do you mean? She asked, looking up at him.

It make body softer, and make making love easier for you. He smiled gently. Me no want hurt you. He pointed at the little package she held. You put in water tonight, and drink with stew.

She nodded. Thinking, something to relax the body. That would be very nice, one would think.

There was a sudden sound in the wood, a distant drum. It rattled off a short burst of deep booms, then ceased. Tok sat upright at the sound, then went to his junk pile and fetched out a small drum of his own. What was that? Sylva asked him.

He grinned at her, quite excitedly. That Grud. It say him wife make baby night before.

She smiled. A baby? Thats wonderful for...Grud?

Him friend, nother ogre, like me, only not so big. He walked to the entrance to the cave and sat. We go his hut today and see baby. He pounded on his own drum, beating out a short and complex pattern. There was another drumroll, from the left, similar, but subtly different from Toks. That Urto, he and wife come too. He went through his stuff in the back of the cave, selected a choice couple of furs from the bed, and gathered half of the surviving horse meat, and put them in a burlap sack. We go see them.

She shrugged and they set off. A half hour later, they came to a large clearing in the wood, with a large wattle-and-daub hut in it. As they left the treeline into the clearing the door of the hut opened. Another ogre, this one cleaner than Tok had been, but not as clean as he was now, came out. He shouted at Tok, smiling happily. They smashed fists into each others chests with impacts that would fell a mule, then laughed.

Tok turned toward Sylva and told Grud. This wife. She new. Name Sylva.

Grud turned and regarded her. She human woman. He said, a little disapprovingly. She pretty but little. He said, explaining the source of his distaste.

Tok nodded somberly. Yes, she little, but she good wife. He said. She make me good husband. He looked to his friend. She show me bath, and show me make toilet hole.

Grud chuckled at that. Bath? Toilet? She make you wear pants next, Tok.

Tok looked a bit displeased, but not overly so. Me no wear pants, they make my balls hurt. Sylva could not help but to giggle at that.

Grud looked at her and pointed to himself. Me Grud, Tok me brother. He said, smiling broadly, but still giving her a wary eye.

She returned the smile, and curtsied. Im Sylvie, as my husband has said.

Grud snorted, but smiled more naturally now. She smart. He said approvingly. She say words good.

Tok nodded. Yah, she very smart, she know everything. Like shaman.

They talked some more, leaving Sylva pretty much alone. She looked toward the house, where she saw the door was open, she looked in and there was a large pile of skins and furs on the floor, and an ogre female nursing a baby there. She walked nearer, and the female caught sight of her, and smiled. With one huge hand, she gestured her to come forward.

She walked into the hut, and it smelled, but not so badly. Else, again, she was growing used to the scent of ogre.

The woman was wearing only a loincloth herself, but seemed to have a long shift she had removed to feed the suckling baby ogre. It was huge! The baby was at least three feet tall, and it was just half a day old. The mother held it daintily in her muscular arms, and regarded Sylvie with deep blue eyes. You Toks new woman? She asked, smiling at her.

Yes. She said. I am Sylva.

The ogress said. I am Ichani. We are sister now. Please sit, and talk with me.

She sat and realized this ogre was speaking in almost complete sentences, and was quite gracious. How did you and Tok meet? The ogress asked her.

On the road. Sylva replied, leaving off that she was basically kidnaped.

Ichani nodded. Tok good ogre, but needed cleaning up. Hope you maked him do that.

She giggled. Oh, my, did I ever. She said, still giggling. Tok took this opportunity to step into the hut and check on the girls. 

Ichanis jaw dropped and she exclaimed. Tok you handsome ogre!

Tok blushed and nodded, and then peered at the baby for a moment before ducking back out.

Ichani turned to Sylva. You more than maked him clean up, he a new ogre! She nodded and smiled approvingly. You must tell me how you make him so clean, and handsome.

The ogress and human spoke for a while, before another female ducked into the hut. Ichani introduced them, her name was Licha. She looked around and inspected the baby quickly, then took a seat near Sylva. Ichani showed the baby to them as it prepared to sleep. Its yawn showed a mouth full of teeth already, and its arms were almost as thick as Sylvas. She laid it in a small trough and covered it with blankets, then turned back to the other women.

Ichani asked Licha. You see Tok?

Licha nodded, and made a lecherous smile. I saw Tok, hes handsome now, make me want to get rid of Bruk and sneak into wrong cave. She said, winking at Sylva.

Sylva started when she noticed that she just felt a twinge of jealousy. She bit that back, then said. I can tell you how to get your men to clean up some.

All three women chattered about the best techniques of making men do their bidding for several hours. The human realized that she was having a splendid time of it. These two other women looked to her as a source of wisdom and she was quickly regarded as the expert on various subjects, and given deference accordingly.

The men would pop in from time to time to check on things, and look at the baby and make funny faces at it. It was a little girl, and she was named Gurta. They would just as quickly disappear and there were sounds of raucous laughter outside and some sounds like scuffling.

Sylva excused herself, saying she wanted to check on her man. and slipped out. Tok and Grud and Bruk were rolling around on the ground, grunting and wrestling. Tok had both of them in headlocks and they were flailing around trying to get loose. The sheer energy being released in this little play fighting was enough to lay waste to a small army. Before she could stop herself. Sylva said. Tok are you getting dirty?

The laughter ceased, and Tok looked frightened. The other two men slouched away from him, to let him face his accuser. Sylva got it, finally. The ogres were matriarchal. The women ran the show in their clans. He said. Me not get very dirty, and me gonna take bath when we get back to cave, promise. He said, unable to meet her eyes.

Okay then, but not too dirty. She said, then added. And dont hurt Bruk, I saw you about to squeeze his balls.

Tok blushed as Bruk looked at him with mock fury in his eyes. I bust you balls, Tok! He screamed and tackled Tok as Grud ran to join the fray. Sylva leapt back as the three began rolling around again, delivering rib-snapping blows and skull fracturing slaps to each other and laughing.

She fled back to the tranquility of the hut. Ichani asked. They playing? He smile was wide and full of understanding.

Yeah. Said Sylva. They play rough. She added, dusting off her dress.

Both the ogresses nodded, then Licha said. Bruk does other things rough, too. She said, grinning like a satyr.

The two laughed, then Ichani said. Be nice, Sylva human woman, she no can do rough. She pointed at the human womans relatively slim and frail body.

Licha looked at her. Yes, Im sorry. I dont always think of stuff. She looked shagrined.

Its quite okay. Sylva said. I am that frail, Im afraid. Tok will have to be gentle with me or he will hurt me very badly. I am afraid that he will hurt me even being gentle.

Ichani nodded. I see. She said. You get sleeproot powder from shaman?

Sleeproot powder? The human asked. 

Yes, it make you body relax, make big things like baby out easier, and let Tok in easier, too! The two ogresses giggled loudly at the suggestion.

Sylva blushed at the suggestion. I think I have some now, Tok got it from the shaman for me this morning. She said, pulling the packet out of her pocket and showing it to them.

Ichani sniffed it. That is the stuff. She said, and patted it. Make baby slip out like small turd, and let Tok slip in like night breeze. She said, and the two giggled, Sylva giggled too, it was funny. She cautioned the human, though. You no let Tok poke all the way in on first time. She said. Not even ogre women want that, it hurts bad next day. You must learn to take it.

The human woman slipped the powder back into her pocket and nodded. Ill tell him.

Licha said. If you make Tok clean like he is, you can make him keep part of his cock out of you hole. She looked at Ichani sideways. At least the first few time.

The new mother said. Dont take all of powder, your not ogre, take only one piece of four. She suggested. Take all and you not able to stand.

I think she no want to stand then. Licha suggested, and they all giggled again. Outside the noise had died down somewhat, and Sylva poked her head out to see the men now sitting quietly, talking in a small triangle. The two men were talking to Tok, and seemed to be telling him something important. Tok nodded a lot and seemed to ask a lot of questions. Then one, two, or all of them would laugh uproariously and then they would go back to talking. She realized they were giving him the same lecture that she was receiving in the womens hut. Several times she heard human woman and a few times careful.

The girls continued talking, and discussed such subjects as baths, toilets, child rearing, food preparation, and sewing. It was almost like a get-together back at the farm, except that these women weighed six hundred pounds and could kill a horse with their bare hands. 

The sun had moved low in the sky and Tok knocked on the door. We need go now, Sylva. He said.

She took a few minutes to say her goodbyes, and got two rib-crushing hugs for her efforts, then she left with him.

On the way back she said. Tok, I heard you boys talking about human women. What did they tell you?

Tok thought for a moment, then said. They say me lucky to have good wife who is human, too, you smart and pretty, and you know good things.

She smiled, but then said. They said something about careful.

He grimmaced, as if to say she was not supposed to hear that part. They say you not tough like ogre woman, that me can no get rough with you. He stopped walking. They say must be gentle and go very slow and kiss you a lot.

She giggled at that. Well, kissing never hurt.

She walked up beside him and took his large hand, placing hers in his. Lets go home now, Tok.

He pointed toward the stream. No take bath?

She shook her head. This once, no. She said, pulling him slightly toward the cave as he had slowed. I think, maybe, I was being a little to hard to please.

Tok shrugged and followed willingly. They uncovered the fire and she took out the pouch, as she unwrapped it, she realized her hands were trembling. Am I that frightened? She thought. Then she realized it was not fear, her breath was short, too, and she was moist between her legs. By the One, she thought, Im excited.

She took a quarter of the powder and mixed it in a bowl with some water and just a little brandy. She gulped it back, and started to undress. Tok watched her with interest as she slipped off her body suit. She turned toward him and he stood and started untying his loincloths belt. Upon removing it, she admired his huge organ, slowly swinging between his thick, muscular legs. She smiled gently, and walked to him. He put his big arms around her and she pressed to him, her head only at the top of his chiseled belly. His ogrehood was slowly growing beside her, and she turned to watch it with fascination. Her breathing was coming faster now, as she realized she was looking forward to this now.

She reached out and touched it, moving her hand over the soft skin, and feeling the pulse of his heart within it. Tok moaned as she gripped it, and she sighed as she watched her finger not quite meet. She smiled up at him and released his organ. She took his hand and moved it down, between her legs. She pressed his thick middle finger back and then up. It slid into her. The finger, alone, was almost a match for most men she had heard of, and bettered some. She felt her maidenhood tear, and gasped, but there was no pain, the powder was working well. She also felt a tingling running up her spine from the thick finger penetrating her.

Tok looked down at his wife, she was gasping, and her eyes were staring into space blankly, he slipped his finger deeper, and she moaned, grabbing his arm with both hands to steady herself as her knees tried to buckle beneath her. He put a supporting hand on her rump and held her weight easily as she let her legs go slack. He started slipping the finger in and out, as Bruk had told him to do, and she groaned deep in her chest, and called his name. She was pushing back now, with her hips, driving the finger deeper and rougher against her clit. Tok let her lie back, and used his hand to lower her to the bed. She laid down and moved her legs far apart.

Tok smiled and laid beside her. He gently kept using that one finger for a long while, working it in and out, and liking the feeling of her wetness around it. His pole was fully hard now, and was lying on her legs. She reached down with one hand and fondled it. She reached down and pulled his finger out of her. He looked at it. Blood, I hurt you! He said, alarmed. 

She smiled up at him. No. Its normal the first time, Tok. She said. Youve not hurt me, yet. She said, and took his massive cock in both hands. Tok raised up off the bed and hovered over her. His thick arms and legs forming the legs of a tent that covered her completely. She had no doubt that he could stay that way indefinitely if she asked him to, but she had no intention of it.

She guided the head of his organ to her labia. Then said. Push, but slowly, Tok. He lowered himself down a little. She felt the head slip over her labia, and then part them. More. She said, and he lowered himself another few inches. She opened to him, and felt four inches slide into her entrance. There was a little pain, but far less than she expected. Ok, Tok, do not lay completely on me, and keep about this much, She held her hands about five inches apart, out of me, just the first few times, do you understand? She asked.

He nodded, his body was trembling with excitement, she noted, then again, so was hers.

She said. Okay, now make love to me. And braced herself.

He bent down and kissed her deeply, sliding his thick heavy tongue into her mouth. She accepted it with a moan, it actually felt good to have her mouth filled with something so soft and warm. Then she felt him sliding into her, slowly, and painfully so. The sensation of being filled was now being echoed by her innermost places. She grew a bit alarmed when it did not seem to every stop. She looked down, and saw that he was only half way into her. She sighed, he continued his plunge into her vagina, spreading it, stretching it, she could feel it open for him and expand to take him. The powder was such a blessing, she thought. Another inch, and he was almost to where she had said stop, she felt him hit rock bottom. Stop. She said. He froze solid, not a single muscle moving, only the little excited twitches he had been having. No further than that, or you will hurt me. She said, and reached down and felt his remaining shaft. Three inches left, she thought, better than she had though, actually. If he was indeed, fourteen inches long, then she had taken eleven into herself. Not a bad showing for a human woman. She smugly thought. She told Tok. Okay, in and out, and be slow, and no deeper.

He obliged, slowing pulling out of her until only his head still opened her, then he slipped in, spreading her wide and filling her up. When he pulled smoothly back out again, she felt the suction around his organ and the sense of being empty, then she was refilled again, and she could feel something else. His semen was flowing already, as it had been yesterday. During her talks with the girls she had found out that ogres produce semen the whole time, so long as they are being stimulated directly. She would have to get used to that feeling of warmth filling her when ever he did this. She figured she could deal with it. He kept going, and she could feel his semen helping lubricate things, making his organ slip easier in and out. She found herself relaxing in her mind, too, and felt the unique sensations of her clitoris being stimulated by directly sliding over the cock that spread her hole right up to it. She moaned loudly as a rush of pleasure ran through her.

Then she looked at Tok. Faster. She said, her eyes full of lust.

Tok obeyed, she found he always did, even if he grumbled. He sped up, and did not grumble, he groaned. His pole now slipped freely within her and she could hear slight sloppy sounds from down there, where she was now so well lubricated that it was actually letting air move some. Her body shivered with impending climax and she grunted like an animal to receive it.

A moment later, his organ sliding into her and back out, she reached that place, and felt she would explode. She screamed to the stone roof over her, and at Tok, and at the stars overhead, and the black sky beyond them. She screamed the release of her fears and tensions and insecurities. She slowly descended from that high place, Tok still pumping into her like a machine. She was fully down now, and sighed in contentment. The drug, whatever it had been, had brought her through the potentially most painful moment of her life with joy and pleasure.

She reached up and took Toks face in her hands, and leaned up to kiss him, then she fell back, put her arms over her head, and spread her legs as far as they would spread. Husband, you have made love to me. She said, smiling at him. Now you can fuck me like you want, I am ready.

He smiled widely and grunted as he slammed his pelvis into hers, no longer holding back anything. He rammed her hard and she slipped up the bed a half foot. She used her hands to push back down off the wall and he kept ramming, she kept returning to meet his thrusts, she knew she was making a terrible mess down there, with his semen and her flowing juices, but she did not care now. She could feel another climax coming to her, and this one was more basic than the first had been, this one was an animal, crawling from the wood, and was going to consume her.

He slammed into her over and over, and each time her orgasm got that much closer, her insides gurgled with his thick come, and her vagina ached from the stretching it had been given so far. She knew that she would suffer for it tomorrow, but right now, she did not care. She felt Tok come into her, the real thing this time, great powerful gouts of semen shot into her body, and she felt it gush out of her around his thick shaft, and coat the bed beneath her. Tok kept pumping though, like he knew she was close. It was no secret, she was grunting and matching his thrusts, and had a fierce look on her face, like one determined to kill someone or die trying.

Her orgasm finally found her, and she screamed again. This was no scream of a girl having her first pleasurable release, this was the scream of a woman who had found THE release. She had found the beast within herself, and was riding the hairy bitch into ruin and damnation. She screamed so loud that Tok even winced and she could hear the rattling in her ears meaning that she was actually hurting her throat and ears. Tok kept pumping though, and rode her through that terribly powerful release of pleasure. Finally she gasped for air, and then she collapsed, her body going completely limp beneath him.

Tok slowed his pumping, and then stopped, looking at her with a measure of concern. He pulled his now softening pole from her, with an audible slurping sound. He looked at it and there was no blood, which was good, he thought. He listened to her chest, and her heart beat strong, if fast, in her chest. Her breathing was in short gasps, but sounded normal. He had not harmed her, or if so, not too badly. Her legs trembled slightly, and he touched one, it twitched at the touch. He moved his hand toward her opening, and saw it gaping open slightly, and semen everywhere around it and under it and down her thighs.

She no like mess. He said, and wetted a small blanket with water from the barrel and wiped her clean, then lifting her butt and legs, cleaned the furs beneath her as best he could. Semen was still sliding out of her, though, and he took another blanket and cut a small piece off of it, and folded it between her thighs and closed them almost together. He smiled at his handiwork, and laid back, watching her sleep.

She slowly regained consciousness, in small steps. Her entire body pulsed with heat, and her womanhood was screaming at her for more. She told it no, and slowly opened her eyes. Tok was watching her with an air of worried anticipation. She smiled as she realized that she had just fainted from pleasure. She looked over at him, and stroked his face. You are a good husband. She said.

Tok nuzzled the hand, and held it to him with his own. You good wife. He replied, and leaned forward to kiss her. He kissed her deeply but with patience and slowness that she relished in the afterglow of the sex she had just enjoyed. They kissed for a long while, and he caressed her body, and she felt it respond, and heat back up. When she reached for his organ, Tok stopped her. No. He said. You rest now. Bruk say not do two times first night. Even with ogre woman. He chided her. She smiled but relented.

Okay. She said. I will restrain myself. She added. Tonight.

With his soft caresses and gentle kisses, she drifted off to a real slumber.

---

In the morning, she awoke with a start. Her private places screamed in pain at her. Oh, by the One, Ive done it now. She said to herself.

She felt around her opening, and found it raw and bruised. Deep inside similar injuries made themselves known. There was no blood, mercifully, she was just bruised and stretched and rubbed raw. She sat up painfully, and felt a huge mass of semen slide from her, and it was caught by a rag between her legs. Her mind flashed to Tok. It was kind of him to provide for her comfort.

Looking around the cave, she didnt see Tok. She stood up and heard Tok speaking outside, a female ogres voice came back, too. She stepped tenderly to the cave mouth. Good morrow. She said to him and the other.

Tok turned and said. Good after noon. He grinned at the dazed expression on her face. It after lunch time.

The other ogre chuckled, too, the female, she was aged, for an ogre. Good day. She said, nodding to Sylva. Tok was worried for you and sent for me. Her Ghantian was flawless, and actually accented in the scholarly lilts of the learned. I am Shedani, the shamaness for this tribe.

Sylva nodded. Pleased to meet you. She said. I am well enough, though, it wasnt so bad.

Shedani, smiled and pointed into the woods. Walk with me a while, then Sylva. She said. The human figured it might be a good idea to walk off the muscle strains an such, so she nodded, and the two women walked down into the thickly forested pinewood. You were a maiden, yes? The shamaness asked.

She nodded, then said. But the herb powder you gave Tok worked wonderfully, thank you.

They walked into the woods, and Tok simply stood and watched. He then busied himself around the outside of the cave. Moving things to better spots, and thinking, maybe, of building something.

A while later the two women emerged from the wood, and the shamaness begged leave, and was gone. The couple then did their daily routine of cleaning and maintenance on the home. She went inside to begin preparing supper. A few minutes later, she heard a loud commotion out in the clearing. As she ran to the cave mouth, Darvid came running in, with sword drawn.

We are here, Sylva. He said, panting.

She smiled in relief. Her mind flashed to images of her old life, the farm, her family, and the manor she had been promised as home. She grabbed up one of the knives. Tok had quit keeping them out of her reach. He trusted her now. She thought about the relief of knowing she was free now of her bonds, and that she could go back to the life she longed for. She looked down into the clearing, there were three well armed and armored men there, mercenaries from Coghland by the look of them, large, hairy, and quite skilled. Tok was keeping them at bay with mighty swings of a wooden club he had picked up, but he was already wounded in a couple of places. He would not last long against such skilled warriors. Darvid watched as well, smiling. She walked up beside him. I am free of the brute who destroyed my life. She said.

Darvid began to nod in agreement then his pleased face turned shocked as she plunged the fighting knife into his ribs, she felt his lung rupture through the blade, and pulled it out, then stabbed again. The noble fell to the ground, gasping for air, sucking air through the wounds in his chest. She reached down and cut his bulging money pouch from his belt.

She stepped from the cave and yelled. Mercenaries! Your employer is dead! If you wish to be paid, then you will back off now!

The Coghlanders were professionals, they immediately withdrew to a safe distance from the ogre, who was panting and bleeding from several wounds, though none serious. She hurled the large pouch to them and one deftly caught it. They turned and ran into the woods, she soon heard the gallop of horses receding. They would not come back. They only killed for money, and they had their money now.

She turned to Darvid who was bleeding heavily and would not live long. She knelt beside him, smiling sweetly.

W...why? He asked, his vicious little eyes wet with tears.

She said Three reasons. First, you took too long, you cowardly bastard. Second, I NEVER break a promise, and I promised to be a good wife, and you heard that. And third, meat is dear to come by in the wild, and I have now two mouths to feed. She said quietly holding her hand over her stomach reverently. Her head tilted slightly and her smile widened as she lifted the dagger over the mans startled eyes and drug it down his living chest and belly, laying him open. As the life drained from his eyes, and his labored breathing stopped, she pulled his guts from him with both hands.

Sylva was not above butchery, she was a farm girl, and had slaughtered her fair share of livestock, sheep, goats, pigs, even a cow once. A man was no large creature, and by the time Tok came back into the cave, she had Darvid gutted, and was skinning him.

What you do? He asked.

She smiled up at him. Tonight we eat real meat. She said.

Tok chuckled. Been long time since me eat manflesh. He said.

She handed him the heart. Then eat of it, it is very fresh.

He took the heart and bit a large chunk out of the raw meat, and chewed, he moaned his appreciation for the savory quality of it. She stood beside him and took his hand. Lifting it to her mouth she bit off a large portion herself, and chewed it with obvious relish. It is good. She said, smiling up at her husband. 

He popped the last bit in his mouth then looked down at her handiwork. You good meat cutter. he said appreciatively.

She knelt back to her work and started parting the last of Darvids flesh from the meat on his torso. I guess so. She said. It helps that I hated this bastard, but I would do it anyway.

Tok looked confused a bit. Eat manflesh not normal for human, why you do it?

She sat back, and wiped the blood from her face with her sleeve. I am a good wife. She said, simply. Then went back to her task.

Yes. You good wife. He agreed, patting her back. Me try to be good husband. He said as she cut Darvids head off and expertly threw it into the toilet hole from the cave mouth. She returned to start severing the arms and legs. We make love tonight? He asked, as the sun was getting low in the sky again.

She nodded and grinned up at him. She patted the large leather pouch that hung in her rope belt. The shamaness gave me a large supply of the powder. She said, then her eyes became as lustful as ever any human wore. As a good wife, we will make love whenever you like now. Shedani had said there was enough in the small sack for five scores. It lasted less than five weeks. Sylva did not bother her for more.

---

Epilogue

Sylva and Shedani were walking in the dappled woods, enjoying the spring sunshine. Sylva waddled a little with the hugely round belly she was now sporting. Shedani had pronounced the baby healthy and due in about a moon, and was staying close to their cave to help when the time came. The two had grown quite close.

Im still amazed that powder worked so well to relax me and dampen the pain. Sylva said. Then giggled. Not that I need it any more.

Shedani nodded, and said. It takes a few weeks to get used to an ogres depth, but once used to it, a human can accommodate one quite well. The human woman was still quite impressed with the ogres Ghantian, and was curious where she learned it. As far as the powder, it is of a sort of medicine that is the most powerful sort, and can work literal miracles.

Sylva said. Oh? They continued a bit farther. What sort are those.

Ever hear of placebos? Asked Shedani. Smiling.

The human said. No, should I have? Then she thought a moment. Is that what the powder is?

The shamaness nodded. Yes. She continued. They are powerful, because they release power within the person taking them, they release their soul, rather than just their body, like normal medicines and herbs.

Wow, that sounds powerful. Sylva said, her eyes wide.

Shedani nodded again. Indeed, as you will learn. You are named my apprentice, now, you will learn the ways of herbs and the ogrish spiritual ways.

But Im not really an ogre. She said, shocked and more than a little pleased.

The shamaness said. I saw you eat the flesh of that man who came to save you. You are indeed an ogress. She also looked at the vest made from Darvid's skin, quite handsome it was. She shrugged. Some just get trapped in human bodies. She put her hand on Sylvas shoulder and they started back toward the cave.