                           Under Lock and Key

                       F/F bd ds oral humil reluc

(C) 2006 Rachel Gumm.  You may freely distribute this story digitally,
but only in full, crediting me as the author.  Please send feedback
to me at cheapslave@googlemail.com - it makes writing these worthwhile.





"The weirdest thing I've done?" echoed Amy, giggling into her alcopop.
"I don't know," she said in defeat.

"Come on," pressed Megan, slumped on the couch next to Amy.  "There
has to be something that stands out."

"Well," Amy admitted in between drunken laughs, "I've probably done
a few things with my last girlfriend that would shock you." She took
another sip of her drink.

Megan took another swig of her beer.  "Yeah, like what?" A sly grin
was beginning to emerge on her deceptively charming face.

"Hell, there's an object of mine that I could show you that you'd
think was pretty weird.  Kind of an item of clothing."

"Hey, don't change the subject," demanded Megan.

"I'm not," insisted Amy.  "She got it custom made for me.  Wanna
see?"

"Sure," agreed Megan, leaning back contentedly.

"Wait here," said Amy before rising unsteadily off the couch, carefully
putting her drink down on the table and dashing into her bedroom.
A minute or two later, she walked back into the room carrying a metal
object with looped chains dangling from it.

"What is it?" asked Megan, her tone of voice suddenly serious.

Amy paused for a second, plucking up the courage to say the words.
"A chastity belt," she declared before passing the device to Megan.

For a few seconds, Megan held it in her hands, taking in its shape
and texture.  "She made you wear this?" she asked.

"Uh hu," said Amy, almost wistfully.  "It was actually kinda fun,
knowing I couldn't even pleasure myself without her approval."

"Show me," said Megan, her grin returning.  "Put it on."

"Right now?" asked Amy, her voice quivering slightly.

"Yes, right now," said Megan, sounding serious again.

"OK," said Amy, sounding unsure of herself.  "Let me just get the
key and check it still works."

Amy ran off again to fetch the key.  When she came back, she gave
it to Megan, who locked then unlocked the device.  "It seems fine
to me," she declared.

"It should be," said Amy.  "It was very expensive.  But I just wanted
to make sure.  I haven't used it in months." She sighed.  "You know,
since Clea and I split up."

"Go on then," said Megan.

"Go on what?" asked Amy, lost in thought.

"Take your clothes off," ordered Megan, sipping her beer again.

Amy looked at Megan.  Judging by her facial expression, she meant
it.  Trembling slightly, Amy slid her clothes off, one by one.  Megan
had seen her less than fully clothed before - Amy often walked around
naked except for a towel after coming out of their shower - but she'd
never seen her in a sexual context.  She'd certainly never ordered
her to strip.  She felt so nervous, but at the same time, it made
her feel truly alive for the first time in months.  The first time
since she'd become single again.

Amy noticed Megan raise her eyebrows as she slid her underwear off,
revealing her shaven mons venus.  Suddenly a wave of embarrassment
washed over her.

"Nice," said Megan, grinning.  Amy felt her cheeks turn bright red.

Leaving her clothes in a neat pile on the floor, Amy looked nervously
at the belt Megan was holding.  Megan offered it to her, and she
clasped it with trembling hands.  Very carefully, she stepped into
it, slid it up her smooth legs and wrapped it around her waist.
Fumbling only slightly, she managed to click everything into place.

Megan slithered off the couch, kneeling in front of Amy.  She put
the key in the lock, turned it, and slid it back out again.  "Is
that it?" she asked.

"That's it," said Amy.

"You really can't take it off?" asked Megan as she inspected Amy's
chastity belt, tugging at various parts.

"Well, I've got a spare key in the box, but that's it."

Megan stopped her probing instantly.  "Give it to me," she demanded.

"Why?" giggled Amy.

"Because I want to have a little fun with you," replied Megan,
standing up to delicately brush a lock of Amy's hair behind her ear.
For a second, Amy gazed into her eyes, lost in their detail.  They
were a deep brown and perfectly matched the colour of her hair, only
more vibrant.  More intense.  Megan was slightly taller than her,
and Amy had to admit that she was very attractive.  Clea had always
assured Amy that she was irresistibly cute herself, from her curly
hair to her soft cheeks, but she could only rarely see it when she
looked in the mirror.  Megan, on the other hand, was attractive in
a much more immediate way.

Suddenly snapping back to reality, Amy left the room again, then
trotted obediently back with an identical key.

"So what now?" she asked, handing Megan the spare key.

"Put your clothes back on," said Megan as if it was a stupid question.
"It's far too cold to go traipsing around like that." As she sipped
some more of her beer, a smile crept onto her face.



Lying on her bed, Amy slowly opened her eyes.  It must have been
late in the morning, as warm sunlight was filtering through the
blinds already.  She looked around.  There was no one in the room
with her.  She let out a sigh, relieved that she hadn't woken up
next to a naked woman after a night spent drinking.  Suddenly, she
realised something firm was pressing gently against her hips.  She
moved her hands down to examine it.

"Fuck!" she exclaimed as the details of the previous night came
flooding back to her.  _How dare Megan take advantage of her like
that!_ She quickly slid her pyjamas on and stormed over to Megan's
room, knocking on her door loudly before opening it and striding in
to find Megan lying in bed.

"What?" asked a bleary-eyed Megan as she moved her head up slightly
to squint at her.

"What the hell do you think you're doing?" demanded Amy.

"Trying to sleep?" guessed Megan.

"I'm talking about _this_!" shouted Amy, pulling her pyjama bottoms
down for a few seconds to give her roommate a glimpse of the gleaming
metal beneath them.

Megan's eyes widened as her lips twisted into the familiar grin.
"Oh, that thing," she said.  "It's just a bit of fun."

"Well I'm not in the mood to play any of your stupid games right
now.  I'd like the keys back," said Amy, stretching out her hand to
receive them.

"No way." Megan shook her head and sat upright, pulling the duvet
up to cover her breasts.  "I'm not giving them back anywhere near
so easily.  Where's the fun in that?"

"Fun?  You think this is _fun_?" screamed Amy.  "You always do this!
You always manipulate people into doing whatever you want them to
for your sick little mind games.  Well it's not going to work on me,
not this time.  Read my lips: I'm not enjoying this.  I'm not playing
one of your little games." She spoke the next words slowly and
carefully, trying to sound calm.  "Give me the keys back."

"Or you'll do what, exactly?" asked Megan.  "Go running off to a
locksmith?  I'm sure you wouldn't feel at all embarrassed having to
do that." After a few seconds had passed with little more than vague
stammering in the way of a reply, she continued.  "Do you know _why_
I'm not giving them back to you yet?"

"No," said Megan, her voice weaker.  She put her hand back down.

"Because I know that deep down inside, you don't _want_ me to give
them back to you this easily.  You want me to dominate you just as
much as I want to do it.  More, probably.  You're the one who kept
that chastity belt.  It's pretty obvious that you wanted to use it
again.  Right now, I'm the only one who can let you do that properly."

Amy suddenly felt vulnerable as Megan gazed at her.

"When I told you to give me the spare key, you could have said no,"
continued Megan.  "You could have told me to get lost, but you didn't.
You gave it to me.  Maybe you won't admit it to yourself right now,
but you're _enjoying_ this.  Below that angry facade of yours, you're
secretly delighted that I've decided to play this much needed role
in your life.  Admittedly, it's just a fun game for me, but I'm still
fulfilling that role.  You, on the other hand, _need_ this.  You
_need me_." She smiled warmly.  "I'll give the keys back to you when
I feel like it, not a moment before.  Now go and do something else
for a bit while I get some sleep." With that, she plopped her head
back on the pillow.

Amy just stood by the door, her mouth hanging open.  Eventually she
managed to say "this isn't over," her voice practically breaking up,
before turning around and leaving.

"Close the door behind you," murmured Megan.

Amy slammed it shut.



Amy locked herself in her room for the rest of the morning.  She
only emerged once Megan had left to go shopping for a few hours.
_How could Megan possibly think she was enjoying this?_ She had to
get the keys back, with or without her permission.

It was Saturday, so Amy had no job to go to.  She put on a tight
t-shirt and black jeans, but beneath them she could still feel the
steel constantly clasping her, keeping her locked away.  It was all
she could think about as she made her way to Megan's room.



Amy opened each of Megan's bedside drawers in turn, for the fifth
time.  They had to be here somewhere, unless Megan had taken them
with her.  She could just picture her wearing a discreet necklace
under her top, the keys to her draped over her cleavage.  If that's
where they were, there was no way she would get them back by taking
them.  She shuddered at the implication of groping the woman who was
filling her with anger and frustration.

Suddenly, Amy heard Megan unlocking the apartment door.  She felt
her heart race.  Trying to close the drawers as quietly as possible,
she hoped desperately that Megan wouldn't walk into her room as soon
as she got in.  Her hope seemed less likely to come true with every
approaching footstep, until finally the door opened and she froze,
still kneeling by Megan's bed.

				 * * *

Megan strolled in, wearing jeans and a spaghetti top, plastic bags
hanging from her hands.  Her face turned from a smile to a scrunched-up
display of anger once she saw Amy crouched in the corner.  "What the
hell do you think you're doing?" she demanded.

"What do you think I'm doing?" retorted Amy.  "Looking for the keys!"

"This is my room," said Megan sternly.  "You can't come in here just
because you feel like it!"

"_Feel like it?_" snapped Amy.  "I felt like having a nice, relaxing
weekend, but you put a stop to that last night!"

"I see you're still not ready to admit you were having fun." Megan
placed the shopping bags on her bed before facing Amy again.  "That
still doesn't give you the right to go through my things."

Amy suddenly realised how vulnerable she looked crouched on the floor
and stood up.  "I wouldn't have to if you just gave me the keys back
and let me get on with my weekend."

"You _don't_ have to," insisted Megan.  "You can just forget the
whole thing and do whatever it is you were going to do that's so
important.  Is your chastity belt getting in the way of you watching
a film or listening to an album?"

"No, but that's not the point," said Amy.

"No, it _is_ the point," insisted Megan.  "There's only one thing I
can think of that you can't do with that belt on.  Is _that_ what
you were planning on doing all weekend?"

"Of course not!" exclaimed Amy.  "But it's _my_ decision to make."
As she felt her face turn bright red again, she added "anyway, that's
not what I wanted to do."

"So what's stopping you from doing anything else?" demanded Megan.

"I can't concentrate until I get that thing off!" said Amy.

"Because you're too aroused?" inquired Megan.

"No!" shouted Amy.

"I think that's the real reason you haven't done anything all day
except sit around moping and go through my things."

"But I'm not aroused!" protested Amy as she felt tears welling up
inside her.

"I don't believe you." Megan spoke the words calmly, and that unnerved
Amy even more.  She sounded like she genuinely didn't believe her.
"Anyway, that still doesn't excuse your actions.  Even if you did
want those keys back, you know this isn't the way to go about it.
The only way you're getting out of that little metal device of yours
is to convince me you've earned that freedom.  And after going through
all my personal things, you've got a long way to go."

Amy clasped her arm, a nervous habit she thought she'd given up.
She felt so vulnerable, and the worst part was that some part of her
actually liked it.  As much as she hated to admit it, part of her
actually wanted to play along with Megan's mind games.  She tried
to concentrate on her anger and frustration, but wasn't so sure any
more that they weren't tinged with a hint of excitement or even
arousal.  "So what should I do?" she asked sheepishly.

"That's better," said Megan.  "You can start by making up for invading
my privacy.  You've gone through all my private things, so I guess
I should punish you by going through all of yours."

"No," protested Amy.  She mentally cringed at her own voice.  It had
become whiney instead of loud and defiant.

"Yes," insisted Megan.  "I think that would be the perfect punishment
for you.  Come on." She grabbed Amy's arm and led her into the other
bedroom.



Amy looked nervously onward as Megan rummaged around in her wardrobe.
There was something more to it than just being nervous, though.
Excitement.  _Could Megan really be right?  Did she secretly enjoy
being treated this way?_

Megan pulled out another dress and draped it over her front to see
how it looked.  "My, this _is_ short," she said, her eyes wide with
excitement.  She looked like a kid in a sweet shop, given free reign
to find anything that belonged to Amy and tease her about owning it.
"How come I've never seen you wear this?" she asked.

"I guess I've never had a reason to," said Amy, her voice barely
more than a soft whisper.

"Shame," said Megan.  "You'd look really good in it." She looked Amy
up and down.  Amy shuddered as she felt Megan picturing her in the
dress, along with who knew what else.

"So," said Megan as she put the dress back, "where do you keep it
all?"

"Keep what?" asked Amy.  She swallowed, and the sound practically
deafened her.

"All your sex gear," said Megan, smiling.

Amy stammered for a second, trying to think what to say.

"Come on," insisted Megan.  "You can't deny you have any.  You're
wearing a chastity belt, for Christ's sake.  You have to at least
own a vibrator or something."

Amy sheepishly pointed to a cardboard box buried under a heap of old
clothes in the wardrobe.  "In there," she managed to say.

"Let's have a look," said Megan as she lifted the clothes off the
box and onto the floor.  She lifted the box up and carried it to
Amy's bed, then took off the lid.  As she looked inside, her eyes
lit up in a way Amy had never seen before.

"Wow," she said, holding up a thick cobweb of rubber.  "What _is_
all this stuff?"

Tearing her vision away from the pillows on her bed, Amy glanced at
the item in Megan's hands.  "That's a head harness," she explained
before turning back to the pillows.  She couldn't even bring herself
to look Megan in the eye.

"It's OK," said Megan in a soothing voice as she put the device back
in the box.  She walked over to Amy, who was still looking away.
She gently held her cheek, moving her face until they were gazing
into each other.  "It's OK," she repeated.  "I don't think it's a
bad thing that you have all this stuff.  It doesn't make me think
any less of you."

"It doesn't?" asked Amy tentatively.

"No," said Megan softly.  "I'm just curious, is all." She put her
arms around Amy's waist.  "In an approving way."

"Really?" asked Amy, looking up at her.

"Really," she whispered into Amy's ear as she hugged her.  For a few
seconds, they gazed deeply into each other's eyes.  Without thinking,
Amy inched her mouth closer to Megan's.  She expected Megan to let
go of her and walk away, but before she knew what had happened, they
were kissing each other passionately.  Their tongues intertwined as
Megan explored Amy's mouth, holding her close as she did.  Once Amy
was completely breathless, she finally pulled back.  Her mouth formed
a contented smile that Amy had never seen on her before.

"Besides," said Megan, "how would you earn your freedom if you didn't
have a sex drive?"



Lying on her bed, Amy closed her eyes and thought of Megan.  She
thought about her loving embrace, about the passionate kiss they had
shared.  Before she knew it, her mind was wondering.  She thought
about going down on her - being _ordered_ to go down on her.

She opened her eyes again.  It was no use.  She'd been lying on her
bed, caressing and pinching her nipples, squeezing her breasts for
half an hour now.  She could grope herself all she wanted, but as
long as the chastity belt was locked in place, there was no way she
could ever climax.  At this rate, she couldn't even come down from
her state of arousal.

Well, there was _one_ way.  She could earn her freedom, as Megan had
euphamistically put it.  One way or another, she _had_ to get that
damn belt off.  If she didn't, she could be perpetually horny for
weeks.  Maybe even months.  She knew how patient Megan could be when
she wanted to.

She checked how she looked in the mirror, smartened up her clothes,
and went looking for Megan.  She found her in the lounge reading a
book.

"I was thinking," said Amy, "about what you said.  You know, about
getting out of this chastity belt."

"About earning it?" asked Megan, glancing up from her book.  The
familiar grin slowly formed on her lips, and she placed a bookmark
in the page she had open before placing the book on the table.

"Yeah, about that," said Amy.  She tried to think how to word it.
"How exactly do you think I could earn it?" she asked, looking at
the floor.

"First off," said Megan, "what's the hurry?  Why now?" She looked
at Amy as if she sensed she was embarrassed.  "Be honest," she added.

Amy thought for a second, plucking up the courage to tell her the
truth.  She sighed.  "I want to masturbate," she mumbled.

"I'm sorry?" said Megan loudly.  "Could you repeat that, please?"

"I'm horny and I want to masturbate, OK?" said Amy.

"In that case," said Megan, "I think we can work out a deal."

                                 * * *

Amy thought carefully about Megan's deal.  It was relatively simple:
after becoming Megan's personal sex slave for the night - she could
feel her heartbeat speed up just at the thought - she would be freed
from the chastity belt that had been tormenting her for the last
twenty-four hours.  Then she would have a choice: on the one hand,
she could choose to ignore how aroused she was, do nothing to satisfy
herself, and finally be rid of the chastity belt; on the other hand,
she could choose to masturbate until she orgasmed, but the price was
that after being permitted to have a quick shower, she would be
locked into the chastity belt again.  Megan had even assured her it
would be for much longer this time.

It seemed pretty easy.  All she had to do was ignore her impulses
and choose freedom.  Still, she wasn't very sure of herself anymore.
Megan somehow seemed to know more about her sexuality than she did.
_Was it really possible that she might cave in and choose to masturbate,
essentially making herself a consenting slave?_

In the end, she agreed to Megan's deal.  She hoped that when the
time came, she would be strong enough to make the right decision.



Sitting on her bed, Amy shivered with anticipation as she zipped her
knee high heeled boots over her hold-up stockings.  The only other
items she wore were a lace bra and her chastity belt.

She walked to her full-length mirror and looked at her reflection.
While she had to concede that she looked attractive, she felt a surge
of embarrassment wash over her.  She couldn't believe how her roommate
had manipulated her into doing this, but she had to admit that deep
down she _was_ enjoying it.

Megan casually strolled into the room, still in her jeans and spaghetti
top.  Apparently she got a kick out of emphasising who wanted to
have sex, and who was doing her a favour.

She looked at Amy, partly with disapproval or possibly even pity,
but mostly with desire, despite her attempt to hide the latter.  More
than ever, Amy felt vulnerable in her gaze.  She was trembling
slightly, and that only made her feel worse.  She knew Megan was the
kind of person who would take advantage of someone's state of mind.

Without a word, Megan walked up to her and gently pushed her onto
the bed.  She pinned her arms above her head and gazed into her eyes
as she knelt down on top of her, Amy's thighs held prisoner between
her own.

"You'll have to earn your freedom," Megan informed her, "regardless
of how long it'll last this time."

_This time?_ thought Amy.  How many times did she think there would
be?  How long could she possibly keep this up?  The thought of being
Megan's slave for even longer should have scared her, but it only
made her even more wet.  She forced her head up to kiss Megan, but
it was instantly pushed back down onto the pillow by the force of
Megan's desire as she plunged her tongue into Amy's mouth, forcefully
exploring her.

Megan let go of Amy's arms, still kneeling on top of her.  Amy sat
upright, wondering if Megan was really going to go ahead with this
after all.  Before she knew what had happened, Megan had slid her
arms behind her and unfastened her bra, throwing it onto the floor.
It was still only the second time Amy had been exposed to Megan in
a sexual context, and she reflexively folded her arms over her
breasts.

"Don't be ashamed," encouraged Megan.  "You look good.  You look..."
She searched for the right word, and her eyes visibly lit up as she
said "inviting."

Before Amy could object, Megan slid her hands up to cover her breasts
and gently squeezed them.  It was the first sexual contact Amy had
received in months, and she couldn't help letting out a whimper.

Megan continued groping Amy's breasts as she started to flick her
tongue against one of her nipples.  Shocked by the sudden burst of
pleasure, Amy let out an approving moan, which intensified as Megan
eagerly sucked at her areola.  Without even thinking, she undid
Megan's jeans and slid her hand inside, pressing gently on the briefs
encasing her labia.

Megan stopped fondling Amy for just long enough to take her own top
and bra off while Amy pulled her jeans down.  Amy gently caressed
her inner thigh, slowly moving her hand up and down her smooth skin,
sliding everso slightly closer to her briefs each time.  Before long,
she was gently sliding her hand along the outline of Megan's labia.
She looked up at her for a reaction, pleasantly surprised to find
an expression approximating a mixture of happiness and excitement
on her face.

Amy tentatively drew her hands to Megan's hips before tugging at her
underwear.  Megan shifted position to let her drag them all the way
down her legs before throwing them behind her.  Amy was a little
surprised to find her lightly trimmed.  Somehow, Megan never struck
her as the trimming type.  She couldn't help but wonder if she'd
only done it after seeing her naked the previous night.

Amy felt her heart race and her breath quicken as she carefully slid
her finger into Megan, causing her to gasp.  Megan shifted her
position again, spreading her legs, and Amy slowly slid her finger
in and out of her, building up a steady rhythm.

"Yes," whispered Megan as Amy gradually increased her speed.  It was
her turn to moan approvingly.  As the moans turned into loud,
enthusiastic gasps, Amy could tell she was on the brink of orgasm.

"Stop!" ordered Megan suddenly.  Amy quickly withdrew, licking her
finger as she looked up at Megan to see what was wrong.  "Lick me
out like the slut we both know you are," she ordered.  Amy swallowed
hard, and quickly gave up trying to articulate a protest.  She
certainly felt like Megan's personal little slut, performing on
demand.

Amy edged her way down the bed until her head was between Megan's
thighs.  Her smell was intoxicating.  She carefully prised Megan's
labia apart as Megan lowered herself onto her face.  Soon, her tongue
was lapping away at Megan's clit.

Megan seemed somehow even more confident in her moans now.  She
forcefully grabbed Amy's head in both her hands.  Amy could tell she
wasn't going to let go until she came.

The intensity of Megan's moans increased as Amy kept moving between
her vagina and clitoris, constantly exploring and caressing.  Eventually
it was too much and she had an orgasm louder than any Amy had ever
heard her have when she was with a guy in her own bedroom.  For a
second, Amy actually felt proud of herself; confident at something
she knew she could do well.



"So," said Megan, sliding her briefs and jeans back up, "what would
you most like me to do to you right now?"

"I don't know," said Amy, her voice trailing off.  Megan crawled
back on the bed, still naked from the waist up, to sit behind her.
Amy only managed to turn her head half way around in an attempt to
look at her before Megan started groping her breasts from behind.
Amy let out an involuntary whimper.  She was putty in Megan's hands,
and Megan knew it.

"Be honest," said Megan, alternating between caressing Amy's areolae
with her index fingers and squeezing her breasts.

"I really can't think of anything offhand, there's so --" Before Amy
could finish her sentence, Megan firmly pinched her nipples.  She
gasped in pain.

"You're holding back," said Megan sternly.  "Just say the first thing
that pops into your head." She went back to squeezing her.

"Well," stammered Amy, "you know I only really get off of sex if I'm
tied or gagged." Melting in Megan's playful hands, she added "or
both."

Megan abruptly stopped fondling Amy and got off the bed.  "Get out
your favourite items," she ordered before putting her bra back on.
Amy scrambled off the bed, pulled out the cardboard box from the
wardrobe and started rummaging around.  By the time Megan had got
her spaghetti top back on, Amy was eagerly awaiting her.  She was
kneeling on the bed, still in her boots and hold-up stockings.  In
front of her were a head harness and a single sleeve.

"What are these?" asked Megan.

"This is the head harness you were looking at earlier.  It's a ball
gag held in place by these straps that lock around my head using
three little padlocks," explained Amy as she pointed to the first
item.  "It stops me from being able to talk," she clarified.  Picking
up the second, she said "this is a single sleeve.  You can use it
to force someone's arms behind them, so they can't touch anything."

"You mean _your_ arms," corrected Megan.

Amy felt her heart miss a beat.  All her sexual fantasies were about
being dominated, and it was finally happening again.  "_My_ arms,"
she agreed.  "It also makes my breasts stick out more with the forced
posture, and this D-ring --" She held up the metal ring at the end
of the sleeve.  "-- can be used to tether me to anything, like a
chain connected to a hook in the floor or wall."

"See?" said Megan.  "You can think of what you want me to do to you,
after all."

Amy cast her eyes down at the bed, realising just how open she had
suddenly become.

"You can't use that, though," said Megan.  "You'll need your hands
relatively free.  Put it back."

"How free?" asked Amy as she put the single sleeve back in the box.

"Enough to masturbate, should you choose to do so," replied Megan,
smiling.

For the first time, it occurred to Amy that if she caved in, Megan
would see her masturbating.  She just knew that Megan wouldn't be
repulsed by the sight.  Hell, she would probably even enjoy it.
Feeling superior for not being as horny all the goddamn time.  For
Amy, it would be more embarrassing than she could bear to contemplate.
She knew that in all honesty, Megan didn't love her.  It wouldn't
be like a lover fondly gazing at her so much as someone observing
her with a clinical curiosity.

Amy pulled out a pair of lockable wrist cuffs, held together by a
short yet very sturdy looking chain.  "I can only just about grope
and finger myself with my hands tied behind my back with these," she
said, offering it to Megan.

Megan grinned.  "Perfect."



Amy looked up nervously at Megan, who simply smiled back down at
her.  Megan swung the five keys around her finger.  "Don't move,
I'll be right back," she said as she left Amy's bedroom.  Amy had,
on her order, strapped the head harness on herself, then padlocked
all three straps of it firmly shut on her insistence.  Megan had
then tied her hands behind her back and locked both cuffs securely
shut.

Checking her secure bonds in Megan's absence, Amy was still feeling
a wave of conflicting emotions.  How had one night spent drinking
with her roommate escalated into this?  More importantly - and the
thought made her shiver, but she wasn't sure whether it was with
fear or excitement - how far would this go?

Megan returned, wearing a single key on a necklace.  Amy guessed
which key it was immediately.

"Let's see how much of a helpless slut you really are," said Megan,
excitement shining in her eyes.  "Get on the bed, my little slave."

_Slave!_ That word alone, when used to refer to her, made Amy's labia
tingle.

Megan got behind Amy again, fully clothed this time, her legs stretched
out either side of her.  Amy let out a long, approving moan of
satisfaction as Megan started to play with her breasts again.

"You _really_ like me doing this to you, don't you, slut?" asked
Megan as she stroked and teased Amy's areolae.

Amy let out a nervous whimper while nodding.  She would have done
just about anything for the first sexual contact she'd had with
anyone in months to continue.

"Do you want me to go further?" asked Megan.  Almost reflexively,
Amy nodded again while moaning enthusiastically.

Megan got off the bed and motioned for Amy to stand up beside her.
"Come on, up you get," she ordered while reaching for the key around
her neck.  She didn't take the necklace off; instead, she knelt down
to face Amy's gleaming prison.  She carefully slid the key into the
lock, opening the device before sliding it off her and carefully
placing it on top of the bedside table.  Turning around to face Amy
again, she looked her up and down, taking in the sight.  Amy wondered
what she saw in her.  _Did she really look that cute?_

"Now I've given you your body back, you should put it to good use,"
suggested Megan.  "Take off those clothes," she ordered before
starting to rummage around in Amy's lingerie drawer.  Moments later,
she threw a garter belt and a pair of stockings on the bed.  Amy had
managed to slip off her boots and hold-up stockings as instructed
despite her hands being tied behind her back, but Megan decided it
would be easier - and more fun - to dress her up herself.  She hugged
Amy's waist to put the garter belt on her, and unravelled the stockings
up her legs one at a time, gently caressing her thighs as she clipped
them in place.

"Kneel down on the bed and spread your legs apart," she ordered.
Wide-eyed with excitement, Amy obeyed her.

When Megan got behind her this time, she had full access to her.
She started to grope her as she had done before, but before long,
one of her hands had started wandering slowly down her body.

Megan started to everso gently caress Amy's labia, finally exposed
and glistening wet inside.  Letting out another nervous whimper, Amy
pressed her groin forwards into Megan's fingers, trying to make the
contact more than just a faint touch.

"Uh-uh, sweetie," warned Megan in a voice somehow still playful yet
resolutely firm.  "You'll have to do that to yourself, and you know
the price."

Amy did know the consequences, but she couldn't hold out much longer.
With every passing second that Megan groped, caressed and teased
her, she grew everso slightly closer to giving in.  She wondered
just how long Megan could keep it up for.

Then something changed.  In a fleeting moment of clarity, Amy realised
she'd had enough of Megan's evil mind games.  She tried to escape
from her embrace.

"What do you think you're trying to do?" asked Megan sternly.  "I've
already hidden the keys to your gag and wrist cuffs.  You're not
going anywhere until I've finished with you." Her voice was devoid
of its previous playful tone.  She pinched Amy's nipples, harder
than before.  This time she was serious.  Amy shouted out a muffled
yelp from the pain.

It was too much for Amy to take.  Megan was dominating her in the
kind of way she'd always fantasised about.  Even if her intentions
weren't pure or even romantic, it was exactly what she craved.  She
moved her hand down her back, between her thighs, and plunged her
finger deep into her cunt, covering it completely with slick precum.
Finally, she would be able to orgasm.  She didn't even mind the
consequences.  She was even looking forward to it, growing closer
to being someone's real slave again.  Sliding her finger in and out
of her glistening cunt, she accepted her fate.
