Finally.  Yes, finally, after all of these long empty, cold months, the sun has started to come out over the Great White North.

Kooo loo koo koo koo koo koo koo.

If you are old like me, you remember Bob and Doug MacKenzie.

Anyway, I did promise an update and I have been busy, but I also found a woman whom has been taking up a lot of my free time so yay for me.  But as I said, the sun is starting to peek out over the snow covered tundra and things are warming up so she has been spending more time at her job and prepping for the upcoming season.  She does work outdoors and with nature, but that is all I am going to say about that.  As she is gone more often now, I have been having some free time to myself.  Now that the snow has been letting up, I haven't had much side work to do and the wedding season hasn't started up at the church yet, so here I am with an update that I said I would post.

If you recall, this is the one I have been beating myself up about for a long time.  I had it written.  I deleted it.  I wrote it again.  I sent it to a couple of "closer" friends whom I've met here to get their reactions.  The long and short of it is this:  Whereas before I thought I needed this place, this outlet, this venue, to clear my conscience and where I felt that I needed acceptance from everyone and I felt like I had to make everyone happy, I've found that it is just not true.  This is the infinite internet, this is my little piece of it, and if someone doesn't like it, they can go get lost somewhere else in the infinite internet and leave my little piece alone.

That... and the fact that now I have another person in my life and given that I am not the depressed, brooding, divorced dad I once was, my attitude has changed somewhat.  I'm just going to write and give my little experiences out and if no one likes them, then I'm OK with that.  I am doing this for me now, not for others.

The next really major event that happened at the lake was also the last time I took my little Angel out to the lake.  Personally, I haven't gone back many more times either.  The fishing just never was that great, but I had been lucky there a couple of times, so I kept going back.  This incident was just the final reason to stop going there altogether.

Once again, I had taken my little Angel fishing and we went to our usual spot in the cove near the summer camp.  John and Brian were already there and I recognized their boat right off.  We greeted each other from the distance and I set up to fish.  I certainly wasn't to go over to them to get anything started, and it felt as if maybe they were keeping a safe distance so they wouldn't seem too pushy, which was all fine with me.  It was sunny, hot, and humid as hell.  She was already in her little bikini but had a pair of loose denim shorts on.

The beauty of living in the area of the country I'm in, is that the weather is wildly unpredictable, but you can always count on it to change.  If it says chance of this or that, just plan on everything happening.  We had snow as late as April before, so nothing surprises me anymore, and we are notorious for thunderstorms.  This day happened to be one of those days.  The cool air started to pull in over the mountains and we both felt the temperature change and we could see the grey wall of clouds coming in fast.  John and Brian had already packed up and were making their way towards us and said the weather station reported heavy thunderstorms, possible hail coming in and they were heading back early.  I didn't want to take any chances either, so we started to pack up.  They hung out by us while I brought everything in when the first few drops of rain started to fall.  As we raced back to the docks, the boats were queued up at the ramp and we had to wait.  The rain was really coming down now and we were all soaked to the bone.  I let the other guys go first since there were two of them and they could get their boat taken care of more quickly than I could do mine by myself.  John stayed with my boat when my turn came and I ran to get my truck ready.  I saw my Angel doing her best to stay dry and I told her to just go in the truck to get warmed up.  The towels we had taken with us for the beach were already useless and sitting in a puddle of water in the boat.  As she was getting out, John said his truck was already warmed up, she could sit in there and warm up.  I didn't think anything of it at the time as I was so focused on getting in out of the rain myself.

Once all was said and done, I pulled up along side their truck and I could see that my Angel was in the front seat drinking a can of orange pop.  We put the windows down and I told her to get in my truck so she could get dry and changed into her dry clothes.  John was still in my truck and Brian was still in the driver's seat of the other truck with her.  I saw that he had his cell phone out but I thought he was just talking or texting.

Now... looking back, at this point, I have no idea if this is what really transpired, but right now, with all of the things said and done, and my mind not hazed with hormones and perverted thoughts, I'm 99.99999% positive John and Brian were texting each other.  From the corner of my eye, I could see the flash on Brian's phone going off.

He was taking pics of my Angel in his truck!  How long had he been doing that?!

My stomach blanched and my heart pounded in my throat.  I was about to puke when my cock woke up and slapped me in the sub-conscience part of my brain.  She was drinking a can of pop.  Brian was on the other side the the cab.  So what if he was taking pictures?  It was nothing he hadn't already seen before, hell, he had even touched it a few times when they were playing in the water at the beach.  I am sick to say it, but I felt a little pride that he was so attracted to my little Angel that I let him snap a few more pics of her.  I could tell at the very least that she had her knee up and her back was angled towards me and she was facing towards the middle of the truck.  Instantly, flashbacks of her peach peeking out from the leg opening of her shorts flooded my mind.  I started to get harder.  My heart was pounding now and I was having a hard time breathing.  This guy was taking pics of my little Angel, and only God above knew what else.  I was sitting in a completely different truck now, isolated from her and I had no way of knowing what was going on or what was being said.

I let Brian take a few more pics and he texted over to John again.  I decided I let it go on long enough.  I put the window down and tapped on the glass of the other truck to get her attention.  "Come on, you.  Let's get going.  You need to get dried up and changed."  I grabbed her dry clothes from the back of my truck and made a show of them so she would come over.

"Oh Dad, it's OK, she can get changed in here" Brian said.  The truck is already warmed up and there's plenty of room."  Then on cue, John, sitting next to me said "Yeah, it's OK.  She's already over there anyway.  I'll run her clothes over to her and she can get changed then head right back."  The tone of his voice was different.  It wasn't so much that he was trying to persuade me. The tone was more like he was telling me, giving me a directive, like a hypnotist.  There was no pleading or friendly tone to his voice.  It was very flat, very calm.  When I looked at him, I saw that he was looking at my crotch and my traitorous cock was easily visible by the bulge it was making in my shorts.  There was no way to hide that I was already turned on by the fact that some guy was taking pictures of her.

"Come on, Dad.  She'll be safe.  I promise.  I give you my word.  Look around.  There's still plenty of people.  Nothing bad is going to happen, OK."

I did look around.  The windows in the back were tinted and there were still plenty of people around getting their boats out, so the stupid, hormone drugged part of my brain acquiesced and said "Sure."

Looking back, I should have said no.  I am so grateful that nothing happened but it was a seriously stupid risk for me to take.  At the time though, I did rationalize that it was OK.  It was day light still, there were a lot of people, they wouldn't dare try anything stupid with so many people around.  I said "yes" and gave John her clothes.

Don't bother e-mailing me to berate me or to lecture me.  I beat myself up over this enough and anymore isn't going to change the fact that A) it happened, B) I can't go back in the past to change it, and C) I felt guilty enough about it already and have moved on from it.

He grabbed the clothes from me and and ran to the passenger side of his truck and I could see her climbing into the back portion of the cab.  What caught my eye was that she was only wearing her bikini.  Her shorts were already off.  When John climbed into the passenger seat he threw her shorts up onto the dashboard.  They must have been on the floor or the seat as he tried to get in.  She was in the truck, alone with this guy, Brian, and I knew that she had her legs opened up somehow just by the way she had been sitting. When that door slammed shut, it was the deepest most resounding thud I ever heard in my life.  It sent a chill through my entire body.  I don't know what that chill was, but it was worse than lead dropping on my soul.  I felt crushed.  I had willingly crossed the line again and this time, my Angel was completely out of sight.  As I said, the back windows were tinted and I couldn't see inside.  I only knew that both men were in the front seat, thankfully and that she was in back.  I think that if one of them were to move to the back seat with her, I would have put a stop to it.

Within a couple of minutes, I saw John holding up the bikini top she had been wearing.  I saw the flash from Brian's cell phone going off again.  My cock was aching.  They had already seen her topless and had played with her in the water so it was no big deal, I kept trying to convince myself.  Shortly after the top was off, I saw John holding up the bikini bottoms at the side window for me to see.

My heart was going to explode.  I can still remember the pain of my heart beating so fast.  Even now, while I am typing this, I am getting those same chest pains and my heart is pounding on overdrive.  Even still, all these years later, I still get this pain and I admit I am really surprised it still affects me like this.  My chest is hurting right now as I type this.

Anyway, John held the bottoms up to the passenger side window for me to see and looked over at me sort of smugly, but sort of questioningly to make sure it was still OK.  I responded by biting my bottom lip and opening up my shorts to let my cock out.  I was already so close to cumming, a cool breeze would have done me in.

John made a show of putting her bikini on the dashboard and held up her dry clothes for me to see.  He was really letting me know that she was in their truck completely naked now and I could clearly see Brian taking pictures of her even without the flash.  After what felt like an eternity in slow motion, John handed a towel back to her to dry off with.  Once again, the towel was handed forward and placed on the dashboard.  John held up her shirt so I could see which article of clothing was being handed back to my little Angel.  Again, more photos were taken, I have no idea how many, but I know they were being taken and she was only wearing a shirt.

Finally, after another eternity, he held up her shorts for me to see.  He made a show of kissing the crotch of her shorts then handed them back to her.

That was all I needed.  I started shooting thick painful, forceful, ropes of sinful cum all over my hand, my arm, my truck.  I didn't care where it landed, I couldn't stop it.  I was cumming in my truck in a parking lot, and two men were taking pictures of my naked daughter in their truck.  My depravity was so low, where my cum landed was really a moot point.

I was ashamed.  There is no other word for it, I was ashamed.  Beet red, cheeks burning, embarrassed, ashamed, sickened by what I had just let happened.  It never ceases to amaze me how quickly reality returns to kick me in the gut after I've had my orgasm.  It's like the rational part of my brain is kicking me in the nuts for being blocked out for so long.  I grabbed my towel and wiped the cum as best I could as quickly as I could and I stuff my rapidly shrinking meat back into my shorts.  I didn't even bother to put it back inside my boxers.  I didn't care.  I put the window down and tapped on the glass and told them "OK, That's been enough.  Time to go now."  They didn't even argue or try to barter with me for a few more minutes.  They said OK, and John handed the clothes back to me through the open windows.  She opened the back door and ran around to my truck and climbed into the passenger seat.  She still had her pop can and she was smiling.

I asked her a few questions on the ride home, mostly how she was feeling, was everything OK, trying to get a gauge on how she felt about the whole thing and where things were going.  From what I could gather, it was no big deal for her.  She was so young, the concept of sex and sexuality and modesty hadn't really set in yet.  For her, it was no big deal to be naked in someone else's truck, getting dressed while someone takes pictures.