                                Identity

                           FMM/F bd oral cons

(C) 2006 Rachel Gumm.  You may freely distribute this story digitally,
but only in full, crediting me as the author.  Please send feedback
to me at cheapslave@googlemail.com - it makes writing these worthwhile.





Kevin felt himself get an erection as he looked at his now safely
anonymous friend.  He'd left the lounge to fetch a few items while
she got changed.  Now he'd returned, he finally realised just how
breathtaking her transformation was.

She was covered from head to toe in a black zentai spandex catsuit.
The only parts of her body exposed by the tight fitting item of
clothing were her nostrils and mouth.  Over the top of that, she was
wearing gleaming knee-high boots with impossibly high heels, also
black.

Kevin watched in fascination as she put on the finishing touch, her
rubber hood.  Like the spandex layer beneath it, the rubber hood had
tiny little holes for her to breath through.  Its only other feature
was the large hole exposing her mouth, forcing it wide open.  For
all intents and purposes, she could now be seen as an orifice and
nothing more; an open mouth waiting to be used.  But she was so much
more, he realised.  The spandex catsuit hugged her perfect body
tightly, showing off her firm breasts and slim waist.  Teasing him.
Inviting him.

She raised her arms at her sides briefly, her palms facing him, to
show that she was finally ready.  The gesture seemed strangely cute
and innocent coming from someone dressed as she was.  Kevin felt his
arousal intensify as he remembered the fun loving woman underneath
the costume.  He'd fantasised about her many times, but it had never
occurred to him that she was even attainable, let alone harbouring
desires that made his own seem tame by comparison.

Kevin could smell the faint scent of her arousal.  He felt relieved,
assured that she really did still want to go ahead with their plan.
His mind free of doubt, he started to use the items he'd assembled.
First, he fastened an iron shackle around each of her wrists with
an Allen key.  Then he moved a bookshelf full of CDs, revealing a
sturdy tie ring mounted to the wall.  He gently held his friend's
spandex covered hand, guiding her towards the ring.  She couldn't
see where she was going anymore, and couldn't walk very fast in her
boots, but she obediently followed him.  He picked up a short chain
and two padlocks, fastening one end to the ring and the other to
both of the shackles encasing her wrists.

For a few minutes he simply watched her work out the limits of her
confinement.  He resisted the urge to unzip his fly and force her
head down onto him right there and then.  There would be plenty of
time for that later, he reminded himself.  Instead, he just watched
as she felt the padlocks, the chain, the ring; as she walked a few
steps forward, pulling the chain tight, working out the perimeter
of her semicircle.  The chain only permitted her to move a short
distance, barely a quarter of the room, but it was more than enough
for her to kneel down comfortably.  That was all that mattered.

Kevin glanced at the clock on the wall.  The first guests should
arrive any minute now.  He couldn't wait.  A close knit circle of
friends, they would probably take almost as much delight in trying
to guess his captive's identity as they would in making her service
them.  It certainly promised to be a fun evening.



The doorbell rang over the sound of the hi-fi.  Not having much of
a party music collection, Kevin had stuck a Fatboy Slim album on,
hoping it would create the right atmosphere.  He dutifully headed
towards the front door.

"So, have you worked out who she is yet?" he asked Dave, the only
guest so far who had the nerve to get his dick out in front of anyone.

"Who cares?" replied Dave, pushing the captive woman's rubber-clad
face rhythmically over his member.  "I just wish she'd make this a
regular event.  Guilt-free sex, man."

Kevin left the room, then came back in with the new guest, a young
woman who was dressed much the same as the other guests, in jeans
and a t-shirt.  The woman chained to the wall looked completely out
of place, a shimmer of spandex and rubber amongst all the casually
dressed people.  It seemed appropriate enough, though: she wasn't a
guest, she was the entertainment.

"Whoa!" protested Dave, prematurely withdrawing himself.  "What the
hell is _she_ doing here?  I thought this was guys only!"

"Guys only?" asked Kevin in mock surprise.  "So who exactly did you
think was sucking you off?"

"You know what I mean!" snapped Dave, zipping his fly back up.
"Besides her."

"Relax," said Kevin.  "The only reason I invited more guys than girls
is because I didn't want our little slut's identity revealed through
deduction.  Seeing as everybody here knows Tam is into women, it's
not exactly a big surprise that she's not the one going down on
everyone."

"Aww," said Tam in mock sympathy, "did I put you off?  You can go
back to what you were doing if you like, I don't care."

"No thanks," said Dave.  "I've lost the mood."

"Well then," said Tam, "let's see what else she can do." She walked
up to the tethered woman and managed to get her to stand up.  She
glanced back to see who was watching - almost everyone - and pulled
up her t-shirt.  She'd worn a front-fastening bra for the occasion,
and managed to wave one of her breasts in front of her anonymous
friend's mouth without revealing herself to anyone watching her from
behind.

The spandex-covered woman didn't do anything.  As a little incentive,
Tam slid her hand across the woman's waist, letting it slide over
the smooth fabric up to her breast, feeling how satisfyingly firm
it was.  She pinched her nipple, gently at first but with gradually
increasing pressure, and after a few seconds, she'd worked out she
was supposed to poke her tongue out.

Tam pressed her areola against her tongue, and she obediently started
licking it.  She seemed reluctant at first, but soon warmed to the
idea.  Tam couldn't help but let out an everso quiet moan in
satisfaction once her captive had got into full swing.  She slid her
hands up and down her breasts, encased in perfectly tight clothing,
encouraging her to continue.

Tam carried on like that for several minutes, alternating her nipples.
Whoever her mystery friend was, she was good at what she did.  She
knew exactly when to make small, quick flicking motions with her
tongue and when to circle her nipple with it.  It was only when Tam
withdrew and put her clothes back on properly that she remembered
the other guests in the room, all of whom were now watching her
intently.  Most had even crept around to her side for a better view.
When she glanced back, they pretended to look elsewhere, but they
were pitifully obvious.

"Hey," she said to Kevin, "if you give me thirty minutes with her,
forty tops, I bet I can tell you who she is."

"Knock yourself out," said Kevin, "as long as you don't mind a room
full of horny guys watching."

"Hey," interrupted Dave, "how can you possibly tell who she is?"

"Simple," replied Tam, "I'll make her climax.  Everyone has their
own nuances when it comes to sex."

"But her pussy's locked away in that damn catsuit," said Dave.  "You
can't fuck her or anything."

"Watch and learn," said Tam as she walked back up to her helpless
captive.  She stood behind her, her hands on the wonderfully curved
sides her waist, then let her arms slide up her body.  She knew from
past experience how to make women orgasm without removing their
clothes.  With a lot of breast play and a little stimulation of her
clit, she'd be whipped up into a frenzy.

Tam gently squeezed her captive's spandex-clad breasts before playfully
pushing them up from underneath and letting them fall back down
again.  She continued with one hand while the other slid down her
captive's body, finally stopping between her legs.  The smooth barrier
of fabric protecting her had already developed a damp patch.  A smile
crept across Tam's face.  She was going to give her friend, whichever
one she was, the time of her life.
