I am typical Chennai guy working in US. I love the stories on this site. I am a good looning guy abt 5'10" and I do know how to satisfy a lady for sure. I am very popular with the ladies because of my sence of humor. Well enough of me coming to the true incident, I did my masters in Chennai.When I had finished my masters I got placed in US and once my cousin Meena got married I came to US for work. After a year my cousin Meena husband came to US where I stay.
After arriving here he was looking for a house to rent. Bcos the rents were very high he decided to rent a 2 bed house so that he can rent out one of the rooms to someone else so as to save some money. Because I was very close to him he asked me to join him in house but I refused politely as was I would not be comfortable living with a couple. One day my cousine arrived in US. We picked her up from the airport. She was even more beautiful in the jeans and top.
To be fair I had no bad intentions at that point as she is my cousin. She is a real beauty for sure. Very fair lady, about 5'5" or so in height and beautiful boobs quiet big and her ass is even more beautiful. Well I used to visit them now and then and we used to have a good time I their house and so the time passed. Few months later my cousin husband told me that he could not find his wife any jobs and hence it was getting very difficult for him to manage his finances. he request me again to share his house.
I hesitantly agreed and moved in to his house. I was working night shifts and he used to work normal day shifts. So when i used to come back from work around 8 in the morning he was already gone to work. Meena would usually be awake by the time I was home and we used to have tea and breakfast together. She never used to let me cook or even make coffee or tea. Then I would sit on my laptop for a while and go to bed. She then used to wake me up in the afternoon and we used to have lunch together.
She and I then started going shopping and other paces. When we became more close we stated talking about families and other stuff, she then slowly started to open up and used to tell me about her mother in law being so dominant in their lives. She said that she was not enjoying the married life as she rarely gets time to spend with the husband. She said he was so tight on money that he never even bought her an ice cream which she was very fond of. He never uses to take her out.
I took pity on the poor lady and decided to help her out. So I used to buy her ice cream some times, cakes and other items. I also made an agreement with her that I will make her tea every day. We used to share the house hold work together. Time passed by and it was all normal but then I saw she was not her usual self. She started behaving strangely all of a sudden. To be honest we used to very rarely touch each other even if we did it was by accident.
One had she called me in to her room and asked me to look at her laptop as it was hanging up a lot. So I sat on the carpet and started working on the laptop and she got me some coffee. I tried everything for about an hour or so and finally decided to give up. I was about to leave but because I was sitting for a long time one of my legs got numb and I collapsed on the carpet. She screamed and tried to hold me but could support my weight.
She almost hugged me from behind and I did feel her boobs on my back. That was the 1st time I had felt like that abt her. She asked me if I was alright and I said abt my let and then we laughed abt it and I went to my room. I sorted her laptop and she thanked me for the help. 3 days later she wanted to clean my room and I told her not to do it but she insisted on doing it, as I had helped her a lot. She always used to wear a dupatta over her chududar but tat day she did not have one.
When she started to clean the house she had to bend down and the sight was unbelievable. I could almost see half of her boobs, were hanging out of her dress. And then when she turned back her ass was abt 4 or 5 feet away from where i was sitting and that was a sight to remember. But then I said to myself it was not right as she was my cousin. But these incidents become more frequent now. One day she wanted to show me some pictures they had taken recently and
We were going through the pics when she said you are the only friend I have here so I need to tell u something. I told her not to worry about anything and talk to me frankly. She said she was very fond of western dresses and the other day when she went for shopping she had put on a dress and took a picture of it in the mirror. He wanted me to see it tell me how it was so that she could ask her hubby to buy it. I saw the pic and oh my! It was a pure western out fit
Where nearly half of her cleavage was visible but not only that it was a short top and her navel was uncovered. What a navel it was huge and very deep. I was stunned and surprised and was just watching at it saying nothing. She then put her hand on my shoulder and asked how do. I look, sorry sorry does the dress suit me. Will my husband like it? Knowing how old fashioned he is, I thought no way is he going to agree to buy it.
Then I said but where am the dress, sorry for saying but I can only see the inner garments in the pic. For that she said hey and gave me a slight on the back of my head. I said your husband no way the she said I knew that but what about you. Me I dont think it will suit me it looks much better on you. Then she laughed and said you idiot not on you how do u like it on me? I said ifi I was your husband I will buy it and give it to you even before u ask me. She said well that's the difference I think.
We had a laugh and then had dinner that was it for the day. Two days alter she was showing me her shoping and she told me that she had brought the dress. I was surprised to hear that and asked her did he agree. She said he went absolutelty mad and shouted at me. That's y I desided to buy it. She also bought some lingrie as I was going through the shopping she went to get some juice for me. I saw the lingerie and was shocked to see such sexy underwear.
She has brought a couple of thongs (underwear with just thin straps and and a little black cloth in the shape of a diamond to cover the pussy. The bras had white fur like material over the outer edges, they were absolutely stunning. I quickly put them back and was waiting for her to come in. I told her I was feeling sleepy and left the room. It was the first time I imagined her and masturbated.
Days went by and things these things stared to happen more frequently and I started to think more and more of her and masturbate. Finally the day came when I fucked her. It was a Tuesday and I was sleeping when she woke me up and asked me to have breakfast. It was a festival on that day so she wished me with a smile and asked me to have a bath so we can pray to god and have breakfast later.
I did so and when we finished offering our prayers to god she told me to wait for a second. Went to the room and brought me a gift and gave it to me and said thanks for being such a good friend for me. She said can I ask you fro something and I told her that since you just called me a good friend so why do you worry, then she said can u pls give me hug. I was like that's not a problem, I gave her a hug and she hugged me tightly for abt few seconds.
When she let me go I saw tears in her eyes I asked wat happened and she said she was missing her parents. I asked her to cool down and wipe her tears. She makes some special sweets for the occasion we had a nice lunch and then I went for afternoon nap. She then knocked my door and said I am sorry to disturb you but today I dont want to be alone as I am feeling home sick. I said no problem just come and sit in my room.
She asked me can we watch a favorite movie of her's. I agreed and asked her to sit on the chair and i was on the bed. She said I want to sit on the bed as well, I said ok and we were sitting on the bed and started watching the movie. Movie was an old romantic movie and while the movie was running there was an emotional scene and she suddenly started crying I was laughing at her and making fun for crying while watching the movie.
She got angry and started hitting me I didn't knows why but she did really hit me hard 2 times and 3rd time a caught her hands and told her what happend to you it is really hurting. Before I could finish she got hold of leg with her mouth and bit me very hard. I was in pain then suddenly I realized her hands and caught her head and pulled her up. She then pushed me on to the bed and come over me, she put her knee on my stomach and with her both hands held me down on the bed.
I didn't know what was happening. She said I am sorry I dont know what I am doing still in the same position and then slowly lay on my chest. I told her its ok and then she came over to my face and said i love you and before I could say anything she started kissing me. I just responded to her kissing and started kissing her back. Her lips were full of her saliva and they were so delicious I just sucked her lips like anything. Then she slowly places her hand on dick and said Ooooh your dick woke up.
I then said why not a sexy lady I sucking on my lips and lying over is that not good enough for it to be want something naughty. She then took her hand off and said well he can wait for some more time. I said I will be right back dont dare you move an inch from there! I was wondering what was she up to then her cam back with a night gown wrapped up and asked me dont you want to see what's inside and said do you have to ask me.
She then said but I want to see you as well. I said ok what you want me to do. Well remove your clothes and just keep your underwear on. I did so and then she said ok now stand up. She then removed the gown and dear me she had put on the dress she bought at the shop. It was like my eyes popped out. She said remeber this dress, I brought it only for you. I said really! She said yes and also said I also have something even more surprising for you.
I said is it the sexy lingerie you are talking abt, she said oh my! You already see that? I said yes I accidentally saw it and they are beautiful and you will look stunning in those. She said common will you just stand there and admire the view or will you do something with me. I jumped on her and took her on to the bed and started kissing her like a mad man. She asked me to slow down we have got all afternoon you fool we are not going anywhere.
I said sorry and started kissing her again slowly making my way down to the neck. When I kissed on her neck she gave little jerk and hugged me tight. I then slowly removed the black dress and saw the pink bra inside. She was holding my hair tightly as I was kissing her and moving slightly. I then pulled her top fully down and admired the full glory of her body. I can't explain how beautiful she was will the pink bra was glowing over boobs and the navel was like a cave waiting to be explored.
She asked me to stop and removed her skirt and god oh god dis she have a beautiful bottom. The curves on her body were stunning and bcos she a thong on I couls see her pink pussy peeping through her transparent thong. She was standing on the bed I asked her turn around to see her bum. Was it the sexiest bum I have ever seen, even the porn stars would be jealous. Well I was on my knees and she put her pussy on my face and stood there. I decided to play so pushed her aside and told her the pussy can wait.
Turned her rung and started licking her buttocks, she started going crazy. I then kissed her naval and kissed her belly and kissed her under arms and her back. She turned round and pulled her bra down and pulled my face towards it. I resisted and she asked me y. I said I want to hear some dirty words from your mouth. She said I don't know any dirty words. I told her I will tell you some you have to repeat them will tell you to. She agreed and then I started sucking her boob while pressing the other.
I don't know what her size is but believe me I was just lost for words. I sucked and sucked the boobs and I could see she was getting in the mood. She was lifting her pussy upwards and deliberately avoided touching it. She could not control it anymore and asked me pls do it. I said what she said please does it. I said what does it. Tell me wat it is and I will do it. She said I am shy and said it's up to you. She closed her eyes and said please put yours in mine. I said ok said say pls fuck me. She said no no please I can't say that and I said you have to.
Then she slowly said it, I said it common say it louder. She finally said it louder and shit her eyes again. I said I will lick your pussy first then she said no any it's dirty don't do it. I asked her did your husband never do it and she said no. But is it nit dirty and said there is nothing dirty in sex. I spread her legs and she was very tense. I asked her to relax and slowly started licking her pussy. I was slowly increasing the speed and she was slowly getting heated up again.
She was getting to a point where she could not control so I stopped it started skinning her boobs again. She asked me to please do it I said wat she siad I know pls fuck me. So I said but you have to suck my cock first bofore I fuck you. She said I have never done it before. I said dont worry just try it. But she was scare and realized that and said ok you don't do that may be we will do it some other time. She said again then I said we will do it again dont we.
Then she said we will she how you fuck me and then I will decide. I said its time now and slowly slid my dick in to her wet pussy. It was nice and tight and was feeling a little bit of pain in her pussy. I said I will don it slowly so I just started of slowly and was moving my cock in and out of the pussy nice and slow. The pussy was very warm from inside and my cock was feeling it. Every time I pushed my cock in her pussy she tightened her muscles and hence I was having even more thrill.
I then slowly started increasing the speed. Because she as a shy girl she was controlling her moans I wanted to get rid of it. So I said from now on you have to say fuck me, fuck me please, fuck me harder till you climax. She said I cant please; I reminded her she already agreed to do so. She started off very slowly but as she got more comfortable she started saying it louder. I was enjoying it she was also really enjoying it. As I started banging her harder her shouts got louder and I new she would soon cum.
After some time she gave a couple of jerks and held me tightly. I asked her did she cum she said I dont know but it felt very good. She also said tid is only her 2nd time she felt like this. I asked her dont you do it with her husband she said their sex only lasts about 10 mts and when he cums that's it he just falls asleep. She then said did u come and said no. She said I will try to suck it but I dont konw I can do it. She took my cock in her mouth and started sucking it after few attempts she said she can't do it any more.
I said you will have to do it by hand. She asked me how to do it I told her to keep jerking my dick till I cum. She started jerking my dick slowly. I told her to slowly increase the pace and also carress the balls and suck my nipples. She slowly started to get better and finally I cum on her hand and on my chest. We both washed and lie on the bed as we were exhausted. She said she had done this for all the care I was taking of her and she thought she will return the favor and also because she was not having proper sex with the husband. At so the story continues. We once had sex in the New York Park and that will be my next story.