I have a cousin, named priya. She is my uncle's daughter almost 3 years younger to me. We both were so close. We shared lots of thing with each other and did lots of thing together. we used to go out to malls and go to watch movies together I liked her more then my sister. I always had a lust for her. But it was hard for me to tell her that how I was feeling for her. We used to hug each other a lot and I always get a hard on holding her sexy body in my arms. When we walk in a mall or on the beach we used to hold each other's hands like lovers. It was normal for me to kiss her on her neck or her chick once a while. I loved to wrestle with her a lot at home.

One day I rented a movie "Female Passios" and as I start playing it Priya showed up. I knew the movie had lots of erotic scenes in it. So I turned off the VCR. She said she would like to watch the movie also. I insisted the movie is not good for you but she turn on the VCR any way. So we watched the movie it was a really hot movie. Priya was sitting right next to me and it was hard for me to control my self I was wearing shorts and my Dick was fully erect. I wanted to hide it from Priya but she saw it anyway. She looked at my shorts and start laughing. I was so embarrassed She got up and decided to go I grabbed her knee and wrestle her down on the floor. I turn her on her back. She tried to wrestle back, trying to keep me pinning her arms to the carpet. We tussled and rolled around on the floor until both of us were winded. I was half on top of her. I noticed her dress had ridden up high. I could see her puss lips. She was not wearing any panties. She had not wearing a bra also and my face was pressed against her rapidly rising and falling breasts. She could feel my warm breath on her thin dress. She took her arm away from my neck but I did not move my face.

After we caught our breath she tried to wiggle out under me. I grabbed her wrists, pinning her arms to the carpet and buried my face tighter against her breasts. She let out a moan as she felt my mouth working through her dress, against her nipple. Amazed she liked what I was doing. She tried to get her legs free. I scissor one of her leg between mine. My Kunna (penis)was fully erect it touched her bare thigh and she gasped. I raised my face from her breast looked her straight in the eyes and pushed my self between her legs and my Kunna touched her through our cloths. As my Kunna made contact with her pussy she let out a moan and starts breathing hard. When I lowered my face to her breasts again she pushed her breast up to me. I kissed her breasts through her dress. I let go her wrists and moved my hand to her breast. She moaned. I looked at her and said. " We have always been so close, Priya. And you have such nice big breasts and sexy soft body. Could we try to get even closer? She was gust speechless. I start opening the button on her dress. I opened her dress all the way the front. When I pulled her dress wide, I sucked in a deep breath and said. "Priya you are so pretty. You are the most beautiful women I have ever seen." She had a perfect body. Her tits were huge-womanly beauties, 38DD. Her waist is slim, she has long legs, and she had shaved her pussy she has a cute little ass. She has full sexy looking lips, the kind beg to have a cock sliding between them. I leaned over and took her naked nipple in my mouth and sucked on it. As I start kissing her nipples my doorbell rang. We both got up immediately.

We fixed our clothes and our self. I went to check on the door. It was my girl friend. I opened the door for her as she came in Priya told me she was leaving. Later that night she called me and said she really enjoyed the time when she was at my place. And she did not have any regrets about any thing. I was pleased to hear that. Its mean she liked me and wanted me as much I wanted her. Next day she came to my room. I was wearing tuxedo she had brought her dress with her. She went to change her dress. When she came out I was drop dead. She was wearing a cream color suit, which was rally tight and was showing every curve of her body. From the front it was so low that it was showing half of her young breasts and in the back half of her back was totally naked. It was design a way that when she was walking her left thigh became visible. It was getting hard for me to keep my eyes off from her. I said Priya you are gonna give some body a heart attack today. She starts laughing. I start getting a hard on. I start moving my hand on her back her skink was so smooth. I said to her that I feel so lucky to have a girlfriend like you. She just looked at me and smiled. I kissed on her neck while dancing she looked at me but did not say any thing. She rested her head on my on my chest and pressed her body in to mine. I put my lips on her left ear and start kissing it. She let out a sough. She lifts her head and looked into my eyes I lowered my lips and place them on her lips. She parted her mouth and our tongue met each other .We start kissing each other madly, I rubbed my body with hers my Dick was so hard and was pressing with her belly. After few minutes we broke our kiss. She looked at me and smiled I held her in my arms and said, "I love you. She replied " I love you too.

I start kissing her one hand went to grab her soft breast and start pinching her nipple in my fingers she was moaning with pleasure. We sat on my bed I took her face in my hands gazed in her arms and said I want to make love you Priya. She looked into my eyes and replied it's not right for us to do that. I said I know that but I can't help that I am just going crazy about you. I just realized today that how much I love you. With that I kissed on her lips and my hand start exploring her young breasts. she tried to resist but I did not listen so she gave up. I lay on the bed she was sitting next to me. Her hands start stroking my chest "nice hands" I said. "Real soft" keep moving it. Her fingers rippled down my belly muscles and slid over the bugle in my pant. She squeezed the bugle with her fingertips. My Dick was hard as bone. I groaned and pulled Priya down on top of me. "I am nuts for you " I said, and kissed her. My tongue stuffed her mouth and my cock pressed up hard against her, throbbing, rubbing. I put my hand in her dress and start caressing and squeezing her ass cheeks. Priya melted in my arms. she kissed me madly sucking my tongue. I groaned and humped against her. My legs came up and wrapped around the Priya's legs. My hands slipped up under her blouse, kneading and pinching and clawing her back. One hand slipped down and a finger start rubbing over her choot. "Oh chetta I love you" she said. "I love you," I said. I arched up against her, grinding my Dick against her pussy-mound. I finger fuck her pussy a few times and then start pulling her dress off. Once I undress her completely I admire her body. She had a perfect body. I leaned over her nakedness and kissed her tits and nipples, nibbled my way down on her stain-smooth belly and licked out on her navel and way back to her breasts and then place my lips on her lips again. We kissed again our tongues slipping in and out of each other mouths. With out warning I rolled over, rolling over Priya onto her back and coming to rest on top of her.

I reached down between us and unsnapped my pants, then unzipped them. Priya slid her hands down under the seat of my pants and squeezed my ass cheeks. I shoved my pants down and pulled off my shirt, pressed my hot, drooling cock against her stomach. "Such soft, silky skin," I said. " Man I wanna feel all of you," Then I settled back down stark naked on top of Priya. She humped against me. "Chetta I love you," She purred, her hands sliding up and down my cheeks. " I want you". "My cock wants you," I replied. I slid down, fucking my lusting cock between Priya's silky-smooth thighs. " I want you baby," The knob of my Dick start ramming Priya's pussy-slit. She clamped her legs as tightly together as she could. It was very hard for me to put my Dick in her pussy. "Baby, If I keep this up I am gonna lose my load between your legs. "Do it" she moaned. "Squirt it all over between my legs" "No I can not I want to cum inside you moole" I said. Spread your legs and let me fuck you. "I can't" Priya panted. " It will kill me it's too big for me" "I've fucked so many girls," I said. " And they still alive. Not only that - they can never get enough of this Dick of mine sliding in and out of their pussies." "I can't," she said. "Then let me eat you," I said. I fell on her legs, shoving my nose between her thighs, liking her crotch. My tongue flick between her furry cunt-slabs and against her clit. As my tongue probed deeper between her cunt lips, she could not help her self. Slowly her legs relaxed. Slowly they spread.

I settled down on the mattress between her thighs, lapping with long, wet slurps of my tongue. I spread her cunt lips with my thumbs and slipped my tongue up to her crotch. Priya sighed, spread her legs as wide as she could, rubbing her ass against the mattress and her crotch in my face. "Deeper," she panted. " Stick it in deep" She cried with pleasure "Ohhhhhhhhhhh, Ohhhhhhh, feel so gooddddd'. As she lost her self completely in the pleasure, I suddenly slid over her, pressed down on her, and drove my cock against her sizzling, drooling, wide-open choot. I bit her lips and she tasted her cunt juice on my mouth. I had her now. She was mine, Before she could even start to resist, I forced my cock head into her pussy-mouth, stretching it mercilessly open. She dug her fingernails into my back, starting to fight back, but it was to late. With a smooth thrust, I sank my nine-inch cock all the way up her cunt. Something ripped inside her, snapped like a rubber band. Some blood came out from her choot. "Nooooooooo" She said. "I am inside you'" I panted. " You took every inch; it feels like heaven inside you" Priya still had her fingernails sunk into my back. She lay motionless under me, her legs clutching hard around my legs. Little whimpers came from her throat, "Don't hurt me, take it out," "No way," I said. " I am never gonna take it out," Slowly I started to hump, to slide my cock in and out a few inches at a stroke. She clung to me for life, as I began to take longer and longer plunges into her defenseless pussy. "Ahhhhhh, feels so good,' I said. You're pussy so fucking juicy, so fucking hot. My cock made squishing noises in her choot as I slid in an out. Priya I never fuck a tight pussy like yours. Tell me you like it " tell me you like it baby tell me or I will stop," "NO don't stop now I love it and I love you, I never knew that getting fucked by you can be that pleasurable" "Ohhh, your kunna feels so good in my poore please fuck me as long as you want, I am your girlfriend from now make love to me my love, cheeeta, I love you. You are my lover, my husband. Fuck me all night. She began to rock her loins faster, to the rhythm of my thrusts.

I gazed down into her eyes. I fucked her with such long, swinging thrusts that my belly smacked against Priya's belly. Priya wrapped her legs around my loins, digging her heels into my ass cheeks trying to draw my cock into her deeper. As my cock head fucked in and out the mouth of her womb , it made popping sounds inside her. I could not hold any longer. " I am cumming baby" I moaned. My body shuddered. My cock flexed hard inside Priya and my jism spurted in her cunt. I rammed up her cunt. " I love it," she moaned. " I love it, I love it, give it to me. I collapsed on top of her, gasping as her pussy sucked my cock dry. I kissed all over her face it was a wonderful expressions. Next day I brook up with my girlfriend and week later Priya moved in with me. Now we sleep together every night. I fuck her in the morning; I fuck her before dinner, and fuck her before two of us go to bed to fuck some more. Usually I go to sleep with my Dick in Priya's choot from behind, and two of us remain couple all night, waking up periodically to fuck to a climax. I pregnant her two-time but both times we had an abortion, because we are not ready for a child yet.

Any girls or aunties who want to have sex with me can mail me wood_ans@yahoo.com
Click the links to read more stories from the category Incest or similar stories about

