Title : Welcome Home ; Part 2  (Part 1 is in Directory #73) ; by: am101
 
Next day - two couples, first male-male encounter, 18 year old twins with step-dad, lessons to be learned by all.

(cpls, M/M, F+/M, inc)
  
(C) 2012 Copyright by am101. email to: am101093@uid.onemain.com.

When I awoke - the bed was empty. Maggie and Suzie were gone, but I heard the shower running and some giggling, so they were cleaning up for the Saturday ahead.

I pulled on my boxers and donned a tee shirt and walked down the hall past the bathroom, to the kitchen.

As I entered the kitchen there was a guy standing there, looking menacing. "Who the hell are you?" he asked gruffly.

"I'm Suzie's friend, who the heck are you?" I answered.

"Oh I'm Maggie's brother, and I came over this morning to fix the sink drain here." He was pointing to the double sink in the counter.

"Oh I didn't notice anything last night," I said.

"That was because I had Maggie put a pail under the trap, so you'd not have a flood."

"Hey thanks a bunch, um a ...."

"Oh I'm David, but everyone calls me D."

"I'm Bert."

"Say Bert do you know how to operate this silly one cup at a time coffee maker?"

"I do D what's your pleasure," I spun the rack that held the single cup coffee ground packets.

He picked a French roast, and I selected the Dark roast.

We made coffee and moved to the living room.

"So Bert, I know no one has ever asked you this, so I want to be the first. Where is Ernie?"

I pointed to the front of my boxers. "He is hiding for the moment."

We sat on the sofa sort of angled facing one another and we talked about jobs and where we lived. We also found that we are not that different in many ways except one. D is gay, no bi. He visits his sister on the weekends when he can.

"So how long have you known Suzie" he asked.

"About 4 weeks, as dating companions, about 2 years on and off before that. We work in the same building. Are you attached?"

David moved his hips nervously, and said, "I haven't had a boyfriend in about a month. I met a guy last night, and we seemed to hit it off, but he disappointed me by not wanting to sleep with me until we get to know each other more. "

"Oh that hurts, if the evening was going so well. But the up side may be he wants to see you again, to see if you are the real thing or not." I smiled at him.

Maggie walked in at this point with her coffee in hand, and said, "Hi D. What did I just hear? You got shot down last night?"

Maggie sat on the floor right at her brother's feet, hugging his bare knees while she sipped her coffee. She was wearing a tee shirt, and I think panties. David wore basketball shorts about three sizes too big for him.

"Well not shot down exactly sis. I met a nice guy, and he didn't want to snuggle last night. He wants to meet again perhaps in daylight to see if I cast a shadow or not."

Maggie smiled and tucked her legs under her hips. "I think Bert is right, that guy wants to save himself for the second date."

Suzie walked in and bent to kiss me good morning. She had no bra under her tee shirt, which I saw as I peeked inside her shirt at her very tempting nipples.

"Good morning all," she said sitting on the floor, and copying Maggie by hugging my knees and thighs.

Maggie at this point was rubbing David's thighs, and I could see that her hand was slipping up under his shorts. She looked up at him, "You did not give me a good morning kiss," she said puckering up.

He bent down and gave her an open mouth with tongue kiss that was not a brotherly peck on the lips. As they separated they smiled at each other with sparkling eyes.

Maggie moaned and her hand was now well into his shorts, and appeared to be grasping his cock if not rubbing it.

"You'll have to pardon us, Bert. D and I have been having sex since we were 12 and 14. I know he is frustrated, and hates masturbation, so he shows up here for a tune up usually on mornings when he is horny. I do the same with him."

"Let me get this straight," I say to everyone. "D is committed to having sex with men, and he has sex with his sister on the side. I guess that makes sense?"

Maggie is pulling D's shorts down and he is letting her remove them as I spoke. He spreads his knees and she snuggles between them. She says, "Ohooo" and leans over and kisses his 7 inch cock. It jumps up and she slowly takes the head into her mouth. She licks the underside, sucks it gently and pulls it out from her lips. "Isn't it beautiful," Maggie whispers?

Suzie snuggles closer to me moving my knees apart and looks up at me, and says, "I have offered to help D when he is frustrated, but he only wants his sister's tongue on that beautiful cock, not mine."

Maggie is pumping D's cock and using her spittle to lubricate her thumb which is rubbing the underside of the glans. "That isn't entirely true Suzie, D lets many men suck his cock, and I'm the only woman, right?" she looks into his eyes as she is about to take his purple cockhead with her mouth. It is topped with a dollop of clear pre-cum, which she licks and savors. Then she sticks out her tongue, slides it under and against the glans, and swallows him to the root.

"Uhmmm" David moans.

Maggie is now into the job at hand, with her hands fondling D's balls, and she is shaking her head with his cock deep in her mouth. Then she moans, sending him into a sensory heaven. Maggie is sliding up and down, licking as she goes and it is clear David is really pumped up at every lick. It is extremely sexy watching this performance.

Suzie has my cock in hand and is sliding my boxers off. I kick them aside and hold her head as she licks my 7 inches from root to tip with her broad wet tongue. Suzie moans as though she tastes something delicious, and her hand is pumping my shaft following her mouth up the shaft and down.

Maggie's free hand comes over searching for something and her fingers trace my hips and she slides her hand over the flat of my stomach. Suzie sees that, and does the same for David. David and I look at each other, and smile.
 
Life can't get any better when the girl you love is sucking your cock, and another girl is rubbing your tummy and all around your genitals.
 
Then Maggie puts her hand under Suzie's chin, and lifts her off my cock. She moves over and kisses Suzie, and at the same time moves David's hand over to fondle my cock. I didn't notice at first, the girls were so sexy kissing, but when they both looked up at me, I realized there was a male hand on my cock that wasn't mine.

D was massaging expertly, and it felt as good as anyone's hand. I looked at him and he smiled, and said "Good huh?"

Suzie took my hand and put it on D's cock, and I began to massage another man's cock for the first time. It is warm, and hard. I noticed the tip had some liquid bubbling out, so I used that to lubricate my fingers.
David took in a steep breath when I did that. I kept pumping until I felt Maggie's lips and tongue back on D's cockhead.

I pulled my hand away, but David took my hand to his mouth and he licked the juices from my fingers.

Meanwhile David was still pumping my shaft, and doing a very good job. I was getting into this now. Never having had a man interested in my cock, I decided I wanted the royal treatment if I could get it.

I lifted my left leg and put it behind David's back, I am now completely exposed to D and Maggie. I then pulled his head into my lap where he shared the sucking of my cock with Suzie. She would take me to the root, and he would follow her up and do the same. They traded sucking and licking and they shared in my juices. They even kissed once, until I made them stop and get back to work.

Meanwhile Maggie was slowing her attack on D's cock, to let him enjoy mine, and she at one point pointed at his cock head, and hinted that I should try it once.

Now I was close to erupting and Suzie knew it. She looked at me and said, "Him or me?"

I said, "You darling."

She grunted, and took over when D came back up to the tip. He kissed Suzie, and smiled and lay back as Maggie increased her attentions to D's cock.
 
When I saw my pre-cum on D's chin, I came immediately. Suzie swallowed and swallowed, but she couldn't get all my creamy cum in her tummy. Some dribbled out. It ran out her lips, and down her chin to her breasts beneath her shirt. She lovingly licked and sucked me until I shrunk in front of everyone.

Suzie took her shirt off, and I licked my sperm from her nipples which were acting as spigots as the juice ran down her plump flesh. I was so proud of her. She loves me to come in her mouth.

Maggie was now working overtime on D, and he was grunting and arching his hips as she slid up and down his shaft.

She opened her mouth and put the head of his cock on her tongue just as it began to spit creamy sperm in great quantities. She swallowed and did the same thing for the next shot which was less, but just as juicy and creamy. She put that load to the side of her mouth, and he let a third shot onto her tongue. She pursed her lips, sucking on his cock tip, and swallowed again. He had cum again in her mouth, and she let that dribble down her chin and drip on her breasts. He was done spurting and his beautiful cock shrunk sadly. He quickly removed her shirt, and licked her clean.

Maggie while D was licking her held up his cock and offered it to me. I slid over and took it from her, putting it in my mouth and licking it clean. It tasted pretty good actually. It was funny in a way, never having done that before, because as soon as he saw it was me licking him, his cock started to grow. I could feel the head and the ridge beneath the glans swell, when I licked his cum. I took him all the way to the root, as he wasn't really hard, just limp. I slid up and down several times.
 
It was a new and exciting experience as all new sexual activities are.

His cock is warm and bumpy where the veins run along his thick shaft. At one point he flexed his cock as though he was about to spurt cum, and I could feel his movement with my tongue and cheeks as his muscles pulled and then released the shaft.
 
I came off him and inspected what had just been in my mouth. His cock is growing now and slowly a small amount of residual cum, creamy and white, appeared at the top of his cock. I pursed my lips and sucked it into my mouth.

I pulled away and offered my find to Suzie. She giggled and sucked the drop from my tongue. "Now you know what he tastes like," I whispered to her.
 
"What did you think," Suzie said when I looked at her.
"It wasn't bad, quite exciting really, jacking him and sucking and licking him."

"Would you do it again," Maggie asked?

"Perhaps" I said. "Things have to be like this though, with people you love and want to satisfy. "

"If you sucked him until he spurt cum in your mouth, I guarantee you will love it." Suzie smiled. "It is intoxicating and amazing feeling a man reach orgasm, and give you the results with such physical and emotional actions."

David smiled and asked, "What do you prefer, cock juice or pussy juice?"
I looked at him and said, "I haven't tasted a straight shot of sperm yet, so my experience is skewed toward pussy cream with my sperm in it. That is the best. But I am now open to try a spurting cock, which I probably wouldn't have done yesterday."

D looked at me, and rubbed his cock, saying, "I'll be ready to make the sacrifice a little later if you are interested?"

We both turned to the ladies who were now in a 69 position licking each other's nether areas with gusto. Suzie was on top, and bent to Maggie's pussy with two fingers strumming her G-spot. Maggie was sucking Suzie's clit, and had one finger in her vagina.

D and I sipped coffee, and the girls, Suzie first, each had hard orgasms, from which they each nearly passed out.

David tapped me on the shoulder, and pointed to my hard cock and then his. "Our male bodies are made to react to fucking, no matter who is doing it."

"`Be prepared' that's always been my policy." I joked.

"You have a beautiful cock you know," D said.

"So do you." I stammered. "When did you first touch your sister in her private places?"

"Oh I'd guess it was early," David almost bragged. "We slept in the same room, took baths together, got dressed at the same times, and whenever she felt like wanting to snuggle, she climb into my bed and we'd hug until we went to sleep."

Maggie looked up at David, and said, "You clod, you didn't figure out that I wanted to play with your private parts when I climbed into your bed. It took almost a year until you rubbed my crotch. I had to sit up and slowly take my nighty off before you got the idea of what I wanted."

"Yes I guess you are right." D thought out loud. "I do remember that time well. I was so hard that I was trying to cover it up so you couldn't see. But you slipped under the covers naked, and asked me to do the same. So when I took my pants off, you were greeted by my shiny wet hard cock."

Maggie smiled sheepishly, "Just what I wanted to see. It was and still is beautiful. So hard and big, and I couldn't imagine that I could ever get that all the way inside me. You were covering it with your hand, and I peeled your fingers off it so I could inspect my first cock."

"I remember you kissed it almost immediately and I just about shot a load in your face it was so exciting." D was beaming.

"Well we didn't have any climax that time," Maggie said. "But the next time we did find that a shooting cock could make real mess of the bed. We talked about getting a towel or something, but we knew Mom would see that, and we wanted to keep our private play to ourselves. So I began to lick his cum from the sheets and he did the same. We both became addicted to sperm right then."

David licked his lips and said to me, "Bert when did you become addicted to sperm?"

"Humm a good question." I pondered for a moment, and then made up a story, because I have never been addicted to eating sperm, except, and it is a big exception, that I am addicted to spreading it around a lot.

"Well I was 19 I guess, and Maureen was also 19, or so she said. I made passionate love to her in my dorm room, many times one night, and filled her to capacity with my creamy potions. In that process she deserved coaxing and some new moves on my part, and I licked and sucked her pussy for quite a while, while I rebuilt my supplies.

"She was oozing her cum and mine, so the elixir I was tasting was really more me then her, although her creams alone were very tasty. So I knew right then that vaginal secretions mixed with my sperm, were a delicious drink, almost addictive.
 
"In other words I like hitting the home run, and batting clean-up next. Or putting it another way, I love making the cocktail, and really enjoy drinking it too.

"Unadulterated male cum or sperm I haven't tasted, not even my own. Although many women have stated it is a rare and fine vintage."

All three of them were sitting there mesmerized with my story. I remained stone faced, stoic, serious, sure of myself.

Suzie got the first smile on her beautiful face, and she blurted out, "Oh Bull Crap! You made that story up."

Maggie said, "Well does he clean up well?" pointing to David's shiny almost hard cock. Suzie looked a D's cock sort of embarrassed and nodded yes.

David said, "There is a spigot over here you can solo on if you want to test the waters, so to speak Bert."

I bent over and blew some warm air on his hard cock. It is magnificent with a large head and thick, but not overly so, shaft. Unlike so many, his cock is straight, no curves and his veins are prominent and give texture to the side skin. Any woman would love the feel of that cock as it rides inside her pussy. With my close proximity to it, his 7 inches are right now bursting with blood, and straining to reach 8 inches.

I lick the underside of the cock's head right on that soft most sensitive spot. The slit is above and slightly open. I am right there to see a drop of clear pre-cum in it, just peeking out. I purse my lips and suck the end just where the drop is exiting. David moans softly. The juice is warm and smooth in my mouth. I ease his cockhead into my mouth and spread the pre-cum on the purple flesh. Then slowly twisting my head, I give the sensitive bulb an oiled massage with my lips. I really enjoyed this new activity. Giving pleasure to man for a change was exciting.

He groans. I lift my eyes and pull off his really gorgeous cock, and say, "I need at least three swallows of any wine to judge its character and body. So I'm going to wait until later in the day so you can incubate a bunch more swimmers for me to taste. You filled Maggie to her delight, and if I am going to suck and lick and bring to orgasm my first cock, I want an ample reward for my first swallow. I want my pallet awash with your cum."

"What a cock tease you are for a novice. But OK, I'll save myself until later. I am looking forward to a memorable event. We'll make it one I can write home to Mom about." He smiles.

Maggie looks over at Suzie and they kiss and whisper and each girl takes a cock in hand. They nestle onto our laps and put their knees on either side of our bodies. Then they take our shafts and bury them into their vaginas simultaneously.
 
Suzie undulates her hips and slides on my cock. She whispers in my ear, "Maggie and I agreed one more cum for you both until later in the day."

That was fine for me, because all this dirty talk had me at the brink of calling a hooker if the girls weren't going to screw us right now.

I came very quickly, and remained hard until Suzie squeezed me hard with her own orgasm. She kissed me and hugged me, and said it was wonderful, which it was for a quickie.

D and Maggie were just as quick, and we all fell together on the couch when the copulations were done.

Suzie went over and cleaned up D's cock and ball sack, and Maggie sucked Suzie dry of my deposit. Then Maggie came over and sucked and cleaned me up taking her time and licking her lips, while looking into my eyes. At the same time, Suzie sucked Maggie dry of D's deposit in her.

We looked for our clothes and went about our business for the rest of the morning.

I drove over to my wife's house to see her kids, and make sure the pool was fixed as it was supposed to be while I was gone.

Now this is my ex-wife, for clarification, and she has twin girls aged 18, who are knockouts, and not my children.

So I am heading there with a little trepidation as the twins are very beautiful, and they have wanted to talk to me for a month. I don't know what about, perhaps it is college costs, perhaps it is they are having troubles living with Mom, or something else I haven't thought of. In any case, if they are there, I'll take the time to help them in any way I can.

My ex-wife is a beautiful woman who is a model in this area. She has worked the runway, done photo shoots of local designer's fashion, and she even did a bit part in a movie that was shot near here. That turned out to be a problem, as one of the movie guys got into her pants after one very long day, and when she came home I found his sperm in her, and I knew it wasn't mine.

She decided that the guy was worth following to the next movie set, and for three months she was gone and I took care of her kids. The three of us, got along well. The twins were confused as was I at their mother's behavior.
 
We divorced soon thereafter. She was tainted by the wandering brush, and her modeling shoots had turned into porn sessions. She has since cleaned up her act, and is working at a designer showroom locally, modeling and selling and doing very well. Her love life is, as far as I know, less complicated, and the twins are very put off with the sex thing, last I heard.

I pulled into the drive and saw only the kid's car. Mom was undoubtedly working it is a big shopping day, Saturday.

I knocked at the door, and June opened it, and let me inside. The girls were in the kitchen, and they were dressed as usual on a Saturday, in their robes with little else.

May was sitting at the breakfast bar sipping coffee, and offered some to me. I helped myself, and asked, "Your Mom is working?"

"Yup," they both answered. They looked sheepishly at me.

"And is the pool fixed and working properly? I came to see about it if not."

"Yup the guy came Wednesday, and replaced the filter thingy. It was clogged and rusty so it wasn't holding the proper pressures." June sat down next to May.

I stood opposite them across the counter, and smiled. "You ladies are so beautiful, and even with no makeup and your hair all mussed up, you must have boys standing outside the house every day to take you to fun places."

They looked at each other and June offered, "Well that is something we want to talk to you about."

"Are you about to get married?" I snickered.

May looked at me and came around the counter and took my arm. "We want to swim, and we want you to be with us."

Now this got my attention, as the backyard is very private, and swimming in the pool was always without suits if it was just family.
 
June pulled my other arm and we went out on the patio, and over to the open pool shower. They dropped their robes and stood together in the shower wetting their extraordinary bodies, and giggling as they rubbed each other in the hard to reach places.

I took off my clothes as they ran to the pool and jumped in. I too rinsed. I rubbed all the cum and pussy juice, from earlier, off my body, and quickly joined them in the water.

For about ten minutes we played with a beach ball, and we swam a few races, until we were standing in the shallow end. I went to the ledge in one corner that had extra nozzles squirting into the pool. It is an area big enough for four sort of like a hot tub, and we sat enjoying the heated water as it swished past us.

To get the best benefit from the Jacuzzi effect of the jets, we were close together with our skin touching the neighbor's skin, and our legs and arms were more or less entwined to help keep us in place.
  
We didn't say anything, and our eyes tried to stay away from the nude body parts that normally were private amongst adults and teens.

Finally the girls turned toward me, and took my hands and placed them on their breasts. June looked into my wide eyes and quietly said, "Be still, help us understand what making love is all about. We are virgins. We never wanted to have the wanton sex that Mom seemed to enjoy a few years back, and we need to really learn how to make love to any man or woman we cuddle, with affection and respect."

I caressed each breast and slowly gently pinched the nipples, and the girls looked down at my hands. They looked at each other and giggled. I moved to the other breast of each and did the same gentle massaging. They both loved it and looked at me with pleasure in their eyes.

I asked quietly, "Have you pleasured each other?"

They nodded yes.

"To orgasm," I wondered?

June said, "We think so,"

May said firmly, "I had a strong climax when June rubbed me; I know I oozed a lot of moisture during that time."

June smiled, "I was dripping wet."

"When we get inside you can show me what you did."
 
I took May's hand and brought it to my cock, "Grasp it, heft it, squeeze it, and cup my balls too. I want you to feel it before you really look at it. You don't have to bring me off, if you know how, we'll do that later."

May stroked my cock watching it thru the rippling water. She felt of the ridge below my glans, traced the veins down the shaft. She put her hand and fingers around the shaft, and slowly moved up and down. Then she released it and cupped my balls and scrotum, and massaged them very gently. May smiled knowingly. This girl has manipulated a cock before.

I meanwhile moved my hand from June's tummy to the top of her Mons, and felt a small strip of hair that led to her slit. I moved her legs further apart, and traced the outside of her vulva with my fingers. I slid my fingers over her outer labia, pinching them just a bit, until my middle finger felt her inner lips inch out from the covering. I ran my index finger over her clit sheath and with a little pressure on it let her know that I knew she was really excited. I stroked her legs and inner thighs, and restarted the process from the beginning. She was breathing quickly and she was watching through the rippling water.

"June take your hand and remove May's from my cock. Then you feel my cock, heft it, stroke it, and cup my balls." June smiled as I removed my hand from her vulva, she knew it was time for a new sensory experience.

I moved my hand to May's tummy and began to feel her Mons and vulva. She was waxed and polished with no hair around her Mons. She had a slightly larger clit sheath and her inner lips protruded from the depths more than June's, so my experience was delightful. I moved her legs apart, and she began to suck air quickly, as I applied pressure to her treasures. Her outer lips were puffy now and as I stroked once more down across her vagina, I dipped a bit inside, and she was slick with slippery juices.

This girl was ready to cum.

My cock was rock hard, and the girls' massage had brought me to a point of pleasure quite delightful. Just as that thought crossed my mind, June's thumb went over the top of my cock, and she smeared pre-cum on the underside of my glans. Even with the pool water to dilute my juice, it kept its lube feel, and I sucked some air in reaction.
 
I finally moved my finger all the way down to May's rosebud, and pushed on it slightly, saying "I think we all know what we are dealing with now, and it is time to go indoors, where we can learn so much more."

May jumped and giggled, "You devil".

June brought her finger to her lips and licked my pre-cum. "Uhmmm yum," she whispered to me.

We walked hand in hand to the pool stairs and grabbed clothes and towels on our way inside. June toweled my back, and May dried my front. I kept a towel around my waist. I wanted my big reveal to come later. Sometimes a man's cock is either bigger than imagined, or threatening in some way to the uninitiated. I am not sure they are cock novices, but I want things to go right.

The girls took me to their mother's bed. It is a king size and there is plenty of privacy from window peepers or surprises at the front door.

We climbed on top, and the girls toweled their hair dry, while I watched identical twins with identical bodies giving me visual sensory pleasures that I need to be careful controlling. Self-restraint with these novices has to become my mantra.

"Are you willing to learn some more?" I inquired.

They both nodded.

"I am going to have us, but mostly you do some exercises to give me some idea of your proficiency in love making, and where you might need improvement. It is important to first realize that you only make love in the way that satisfies you and your partner comfortably. The whacko things you see on the internet are mostly Hollywood crap, and practiced by very few with nothing else to do, or those who don't know any better.
 
"First let me say that because you each have pleasured the other does not make you a lesbian. I suspect that you two have pleasured boys, in probably some difficult situations, so that doesn't make you heterosexuals either.

"Modern folk are what they are. Some are bi-sexual, some are overly one way or the other, and some mask their real sexual desires quite well.

"I can't speak from survey knowledge, just folklore, but twins often satisfy each other because they are so close growing up and each are the other's best friend. Boy identical twins do this also.
  
"Any questions?"

June looked at us both and said, "What makes a virgin and why is that important?"

"Your creator makes a virgin, and as a girl or woman you stay that way until technically you have full penetrating intercourse with a man. Your hymen is a measure of that, but with good gynecological care these days that is opened up most often long before you have that first go round with a boy or man or a girl's fingers. No matter who wants to control you, you are completely in charge of when you give up your virginity; with the exception of rape of course.

"Why is it important? It only is to certain religions and ethnic traditions. It is supposed to represent purity in a woman; untouched, in other words. But today it is not possible to measure virginity or the lack of it. It is entirely in your control."

"Are we going to lose our virginity today?" June asked sheepishly.

"Not if you don't want too." I answered. "That is always the answer to that question."

"What are we going to do first?" May whispered.

I looked at them, and sat up. "I want you to pleasure each other the way you did the first time, or all other times you have brought the other to orgasm, as you described it. I will be here watching like a lecher and be quiet and will not interfere. I promise."

They looked at each other and June said, "I'm not sure I can do that with an audience."

May smiled, and pulled her sister to her so their naked breasts were touching, and said, "I'll bring you to a climax, and then you'll have to do me."

"Deal" said June, who then kissed her sister deeply, and the two of them were off.

They lay down and kept kissing and tongue dueling, while their hands were stroking each other's backs, bottom cheeks, arms, and necks. Finally May began to kiss June's neck and slowly worked her way to her shoulder, as her hands massaged June's soft breasts.
 
May dipped her mouth to the nearest breast and kissed her way around it until she kissed the nipple. Then she licked the areole and sucked the rosy protrusion into her mouth.
 
At that very moment, May dipped her hand into June's crotch, and began a very active back and forth rubbing of June's vulva and clit. June took a deep breath and lifted her hips a bit and opened her legs, as May was doing just what would excite June.

May slipped over to the other breast, and kissed and sucked lovingly, and she continued the massage of June's clitoral area. They smiled and giggled and May was relentless with her massage stopping to add moisture to her hand to make the stroking slippery and sexy. Occasionally May would slip a finger into June's vagina and coat her finger with that delicious shiny lubrication. May adjusted the pressure of her stroking and knew just what made her delicious sister very excited.

June was getting very close, and May moved up into her sister's face. May waited until just the right moment and she kissed her younger sibling just as June climaxed into a writhing moaning mass of orgasm and taut flesh.

May held her sister, and began to slow the vaginal rubbing as she kissed her sister's cheeks and held her close. The stimulation was entirely manual, no licking or sucking of the lips or cavities. June was breathing very deeply, and began to pull May to her, for comfort and love. The moment was so powerful you could see in her face she needed to feel her sister's warmth. May cupped her sister's vulva and applied gentle pressure until June was back in the land of reality.

It was beautiful. I was speechless.

June slowly came to life and giggled as she looked over to me. She seemed embarrassed by having had such a private experience in front of someone other than her sister. She ran her hands over her breasts and pinched each nipple. It was as though she had residual sensitivity that needed release by her own hand. She shuddered slightly smiling.

She suddenly looked surprised and pointed at my cock. "It is leaking,"
she said. My towel had fallen apart, and I was exposed to them, all 7 inches of hard meat.

I said, "It is like a dog that is waiting to be fed, he drools until the food is served."

May said, "He has a discharge of fluid that lubricates him to ease his way into a lady. In this case, it is a bit early, Right?"

"You got it."
 
May went to lie on her back and said, "My turn Junie, I am dripping for you as you will find out."

June began the exact same routine that her loving sister used and in no time at all, May was moaning and writhing with a beautiful full body orgasm. May's reactions were a bit more physical than her sister, and she took longer to recover.

They both hugged and kissed for a long time, ignoring me or forgetting me. They pulled their bodies together, Mons to Mons, nipple to nipple, and they stroked each other's backs and bottom cheeks, slowly and lovingly. It was very beautiful to watch, and eventually they were both settled and relaxed.

"Now ladies you have more to learn." I said. I positioned them crossed legged and sitting next to one another. I had them lean back on pillows, a raise their hips slightly. I carefully positioned their feet so I could gain access to the moist lips of their love nests.

I leaned in to May and said, "You have been using your own masturbation skills when you pleasure each other. That is great, but here is something you will enjoy even more."

I moved to May's Mons with my mouth, and licked down her semi-open slit to her vagina. I kissed the opening gently, and licked the lips. I then kissed again and sucked her warmth pulling her nectars from inside into my mouth. I plunged my tongue inside, and swirled about. May wriggled, and moaned.
 
June was leaning over and watching. Just what I wanted.

I licked up May's pussy and used the tip of my tongue to lick the opening of her clitoris sheath. Then I pushed my tongue against the tube, and licked up and down the flesh several times. I then put the entire sheath into my mouth, and sucked slowly while licking with my tongue.
 
I though May was going to explode. She moaned almost screamed with delight at everything I did. She was climbing the orgasm hill, and every time I did something new, she reached up and shivered with pleasure.
It was clear that a little more activity and May would have exploded, so I backed away, kissing her outer lips and her inner thighs.

I turned to June and whispered, "you think you can do that to her and make her cum?"

"You bet," she hissed, "How does it taste?"

"Come here," I beckoned, and she leaned in to kiss me. She licked my chin and lips, and then plunged her tongue inside my mouth to gather her sister's taste.

"Oh May, you will have to taste this." June said in a low raspy voice.

I moved over to June and bent to kiss her pussy lips. She opened her legs and sighed wistfully. I licked her outer lips, and then sucked on her vagina licking its wet lips, and dipping my tongue into her cavity to gather her cream just welling up from inside. I moved my tongue up to her clit opening, and June moaned in pleasure as I sucked and licked the entire area. I brought her along to just the edge of orgasm, and then pulled away, just kissing her inner thighs and the top of her Mons.

"How was that?" I asked June.

"Oh boy what an experience," she whispered as her sister had moments before.

I looked and May and said, "You think you could do that to her?"

"You bet I would. I know now how amazing it felt to me. Let me taste her please?"
 
I kissed May and she licked my chin and lips, then plunged her tongue into my mouth and she tasted her sister some more.

"Oh yum yum," she giggled. "Can I do this to her now?"

"No you can any time later. It is a new way for you to pleasure your sister or any woman who excites you and lets you make love to them.
 
"You may think it is a lesbian thing, and you would be partially right. But remember what I said earlier, a woman making love to other woman doesn't place any label on the participants. Knowing how to make another happy only makes you a wonderful person. Be proud of it.
 
"Most of the women I know make love to men and women and they are very happy doing it. What label should we put on them? Homo-lesbians? Hog wash.....

"Moving on, ladies you have had some deep experiences here this noontime, and I have one more for you perhaps more important than all the others."

I reached for my pants and pulled two condom packets from my pocket. Gave one each to the girls, and said, "Don't open them, but do you know what they are?"

May smiled and said, "We use them for water balloon fights."

June wasn't sure what she had.

"These are condoms," I said. "You should have these in your purse at all times. You will never know when you might need them. A lover runs out of his supply, an eager beaver who is drunk and forcing himself on you, must wear one if you can get it on him.

"They will save your life, keep you from incurable diseases, and most importantly, when you have run out of birth control pills, you will not get pregnant, if it doesn't break."

"It is the best tool you can have for a pleasurable sex life. Believe me the freedom you feel when your partner is wearing one, is indescribable. No guilt, no sorrow, just pleasure."

"Now," I took one from May, "I am going to teach you to open the package, put it on a cock, mine, and then give you the feel of my cock sheathed by a condom inside your vaginas."

I showed May how to open the pack, and then showed her how to turn the device so it would unroll smoothly down my cock, and fit correctly. She was gentle and did the job with good dexterity. She kissed the tip of my cock when finished.

I had May come sit on my thighs and I slid my lubricated cock inside her vagina. She seemed pretty proficient with the aim, and slowly sat on my cock until it was all the way inside her pussy. She smiled and said, "It feels so good. So filling, so exciting. I love it."

I kissed her and using my hands on her bottom cheeks lifted her up slowly and she settled down slowly, relishing the moments. I kissed her nipples and sucked them when near my mouth. She squeezed my cock with her vaginal muscles as we moved, and I brought my right hand around and softly rubbed her clit. She has had a cock inside her before. Not just the condom, I mean a cock.

After she started to breathe a little quicker and her eyes began to smoke with the internal tingles spreading throughout her body, I pulled her up and off me.
 
"What are you doing," She looked at me in horror.

"You have just been penetrated by a protected penis, and young lady you are no longer a virgin. It was my pleasure and obviously yours as well to have experienced this with you. You are an amazing lover, and keeping my cock inside you forever would be not long enough. But you have a sister here, who wants the same experience, and if I stay inside you and cum, she won't have that chance. OK?"

"Not really," May sighed, "But I understand. It was amazing, so exciting, so much more than anything I expected, and I want you to come inside of me as soon as possible to feel your cock shooting your juices in my body while we both have an exploding orgasm."

"I feel the same way sweetheart, but that will have to wait, as we teach your sister now."

June is breathing heavily, and says, "Wow what a performance." She reaches for her sister and kisses her several times. "You are such a cock lover May. You really gobbled it up and made him really happy."

"You will do the same once you feel it inside and the trepidations and anxieties fade. He has a beautiful cock and it feels amazing inside." May is looking into June's eyes with reassurance. "Just wait until you feel it slide in and out, and as he strokes your clit, you will explode in moments, I know you will."
 
I show June how to open the condom package, turn it to have it ready to roll on my cock, and then I turn to May and say, "You - beautiful woman - will you remove my condom so I can have a fresh one for the virgin?"
May slowly rolls the used but empty condom from my still hard cock, and then kisses my cock licking some pre-cum from the head.

June then rolls the new condom on me, and she climbs into my lap. With confidence I didn't expect, she followed May's actions and sat on my cock slowly, as it slid into to her vagina that was literally dripping juices.

I put my hands under her bottom, squeezing her cheeks, and lifted her to bring my cock out of her love cave. She slowly reinserted it by sinking slowly, and as she did she too squeezed her internal muscles making my cock feel as though there were many fingers stroking it inside her pussy.

She was breathing quite heavily and she kissed me as she lifted her body one more time. Then she settled on me, wriggling and began to orgasm softly at first and then strongly, and I couldn't hold myself back and spurted shot after shot of sperm into her warm cavern. I held her to me, as we both kind of went into a free fall of orgasmic pleasure.
 
I was cuming after two hours of high sexual activity with two very sexy women, and she was cuming with her first cock deep inside her and so stimulated she couldn't control what was happening to her.

We held each other, kissing gently, until we were able to realize that May has put her arms around us and is hugging us.

June lifts and settles again on my cock, which now is softening. "Incredible," she says. "Thank you so much." She holds my face and smiles. "You came didn't you?"

"Yes and thank you for that. You were so tight so active with your pussy gripping my cock, and with all that has happened in the last hours, I couldn't hold back when you came."

"I'm not a virgin anymore either, thank you for that." June is almost laughing.

We all kissed each other, and hugged. Then I slipped out of June's pussy, and I asked, "Which one wants the pleasure of removing the condom?"

May jumped to the task, "It is mine. I want to taste his juices, and I know June does too." She deftly removed the tube from my cock, and held it aloft as though she had been awarded a prize. She tipped it up, and dribbled some of the sperm into her mouth and gave the condom to June who did the same. They kissed each other and then swallowed.

June was first, "Oh that is good. Smooth and salty. It is delicious."

May said, "Tasty delicious and creamy. Just wonderful."

We looked at each other, and I said, "Who is going to clean me up?"

They both giggled and dipped their lips to my cock and cleaned me off.
When they finished, I drew them to me, and said, "We have had a real time here. Learned a lot about each other, and about making love, and we know better what is right and good in the process.

"I want you to know that I love you both deeply, but we have to be sure that our escapade here stays with us, and no one else. We are adults so what we have done is legal, but some won't think it moral. I don't care about those kind of people, but we don't need any scandal started by small people with sad lives, ruining our lives too. So let us resolve or pinkies swear it is our secret story and should stay that way.

"I believe that ten years from now, I'll be seeing you at Thanksgiving dinner and we will smirk in remembrance of this day. I won't forget it ever. I will masturbate thinking of it forever, and I hope you will too."

The girls looked at each other, then turned to me and said in unison as so many twins do, "Thank you it was very special."

We went down stairs and found our clothes. I said I was going for a swim, May said she'd join me, and June mentioned she had to hurry to a piano lesson.

I said, as we were about to split up, "How did you girls get your names?"
May said, "We were born on different days, despite the fact we are identical twins."

June said, "She was born on May 31 at 11:58PM and I was born on June 1 at 12:05 AM. Simple!"

June kissed me and May and she left for her appointment.

May and I arm in arm went to the pool, and jumped in for a second swim. We horsed around for a while, but eventually ended up at the shallow end where the warm jets tingled our bodies.

"I feel a little left out, "May said.

"How so?" I asked
.
"You didn't cum inside of me. I didn't get to feel your cock contract and shoot inside of me. I didn't cum on your cock either." She frowned.

She came over and took hold of my cock, stroking it softly under the water. She kissed me and I played with her breasts with one hand while rubbing her pussy with the other.

"I was just checked out by the doctors at my physical exam, and I am clear of all sexually transmitted diseases." I whispered in her ear.

"I haven't had sex with anyone in seven months so I am free of bad bugs too," she exclaimed.

I lifted her up and placed my cock at her pussy crease, and said, "Whatever you want I'm prepared to supply. Are you up to date on birth control?" She puts her legs around my middle and presses her Mons onto my hard cock.

"Yes, please make love to me." She is now settling down on my cock and I guide it into her. Her pussy lips part as my soft but hard glans slips passed her open vagina. I pull her down until she has bottomed out on my shaft. She smiles and says, "More please, more."

We kiss, and move together so our bodies are undulating in sync gliding my cock in and out of her vagina creating friction that will blow us both into adrenaline heaven.

I get deep inside her, and then ever so slowly almost pop out. She is breathing deeply and wriggling her hips, driving me crazy. Her internal muscles are massaging me as I move inside her. It is an incredible feeling of pressure and exhilaration that is amazing. I've felt this before, but her tight love cave and her young muscles have a strength that brings me very close to going over the cliff. Suddenly she stiffens her body.

A deep orgasm overtakes her muscles and pushes me into spurting deep inside her warm pussy. She is sucking my cock with her orgasm pulling my sperm and juices from my balls with an amazing feeling. She settles a bit, and I am still high on the free fall of orgasmic bliss.
 
I am deep inside her, and she is pulling my hips into her love nest with incredible strength stemming from a desire to have the event continue perhaps to never end. We settle together kissing, and wanting to stay hooked in the passion of love making, yet knowing the pleasure will subside sadly.
 
I have filled her with my juices and sperm, and she desperately wants me inside her. I slowly feel my cock shrink. And then it slides outside into the water, which is a lot cooler than her pussy, I am a little depressed. To be able to make love to a young girl, who has never really been made love too in an exciting way before, breeds a desire to have it continue forever. I can tell from her eyes she is as upset it is over as am I.

I put her up on the side of the pool, and open her legs. Her clit is protruding from its garage, and I suck it and lick it, making her shiver again with pleasure. I am kneading her breasts and pinching her hard nipples all the while. Then I move to her love tunnel and cover the opening with my lips and suck. I feel my juices and hers coming into my mouth, and I lick her clean. I kiss her clit and gently lick and suck to see if she is settled enough for me to bring her off once more.
 
She pulls my head into her and I suckle her clit again, until she has clamped her legs around my head, and she is climbing her way toward another crescendo. I move and kiss her love cave entrance, sticking my tongue inside and swirling it about. Then I return to her clit, and holding her steady while looking over her tummy and through her breasts, I catch her eyes, and tell her silently, "Here it comes".

She explodes and shivers at the same moment, and softly but strongly says, "I am cuming again and I love it." She holds my head at her center and I enjoy the contractions and secretions she makes as she writhes through her second orgasm in three minutes. I lick her clean and kiss her beautiful pussy from one end to another.

I put my hand over her opening, and come up to kiss her and share the treasure I just licked from her love nest. She opens her mouth, and as she has done before, she licks me clean, with a moan and very active tongue.
 
We tongue duel together as we kiss, and she is melting into my body as she slips back in the water. We are as close as two can get.

"Now I feel special," she hoarsely whispers.

"I feel blessed that we had this special moment." I am whispering. "I know you have had other men, and they probably didn't give you the type of experiences you would want to share with your sister."

"How did you know that?"

"I could see it in your eyes when we were feeling each other up earlier here in the pool. You knew what you were doing, it wasn't your first cock."
 
I am looking at her beautiful body. "You know you make love very well, and I can tell you that it is an honor to nestle with you."

"You said nothing about your suspicions to June.  I appreciate that. June and I are twins, but we are different and have different levels of confidence in the world. I have had bad times with men, and I am going to be changing my behavior a lot as a result of this day."

I brought her to me, and said, "Look all men and women in the eyes. You can see what they are all about right there. It is an art, practice it. You will find it much easier to develop your relationships through the years once you learn to read a person's eyes. The eyes always tell the truth. Remember that. They never lie."

She looked into my eyes, and said, "You do love me don't you?" I nodded.

"Do you feel a tingle inside when you look into my eyes?" I ask.

She nods, and I say, "You and I and your sister have something special, and we know that don't we? It is ours alone, and we will cherish and remember it fondly always. It is healthy and beautiful and there is nothing society or others can do to take that away from us. Right? " She understands, and she nods "Yes."

She puts her hands on my face. She grins, "By the way in case you wake up tonight and realize I told you that my birth control pills were up to date, but not whether I am taking them or not......" She hesitated a long moment, "I am taking them, so we won't be having twins this time. Maybe the next though." She is laughing and still falling into my eyes.

She kissed me and said, "Do you want lunch, Mom should be home soon." June said.

"I'd love that, and it would be nice to say hi to her as well."
We left the pool and went into the house to continue this extraordinary day.


To be continued, (Part I is in Directory #73)

If you loved the story, let me know. If you hated it, tell me why.
 
(C) 2012 Copyright and written By am101,  email: am1013093@uid.onemain.com
