 Its just 2 months back. We made a plan of going to my friend's
farmhouse, which is around 50 kms from Pune in a village. We were
only 2 ( Nikhil and Me) friends and were expected to be joined by
our other friends after 2 days for the weekend. We went there early
because we wanted to arrange up everything.. We reached there around
10 in the morning. The farmhouse was a big one with 6 well furnished
rooms inside, A big hall at the entrance and a swimming pool at the
back. It was been looked after by a man of around 45 yrs who stayed
there with his family that consisted of his wife and two daughters.

The elder daughter was very beautiful of around 20 yrs and the
younger one was around 12 yrs. Lets talk about the elder one. Her
name was Meenu. She was a typical village girl with wheatish
complexion, large big eyes, long hairs and a nice body. The best
thing about her was her lips. The Drew Barrymore shaped always
inviting to be sucked. She was ready with all her assets to be
fucked. My first look at her only I had a plan of screwing her down.

We went inside the house and settled ourselves. After having lunch
we went for a sleep. The evening was a real bore and so we decided
to go for a drive. But in between there was some problem in the car
and we could only return by 9 at night. When we came back we saw
that Meenu was siting outside her house and was waiting for u to
return. When we enquired she revealed that her father mother and her
sister have gone for a marriage ceremony in a nearby and are
expected by late night. When we asked her that why didn't she went
with them, she answered that her mom and dad had to go for the
marriage as it was of a very close by relative but she couldn't go
as no one was there to look after the House and they cannot leave it
unlooked. We said Ok and she asked us for dinner. After having
dinner my friend (nikhil) went to his room and slept, as he was
tired of driving the whole day. By this time it was 11 at night.

I went to the Hall and started watching TV, but I wasn't able to
concentrate, as the girl of my desire was lying outside the house,
All alone. I went to her house and just peeped through the door. She
was just making herself ready to go for sleep. I knocked on the door
and she answered me quickly saying " Kuch Chaahiye Kyaa".

I said " Kucch Nahiin, mujhe lagaa ki tum akeli ho to kyuu na mere
saath chalkar TV dekho". She said " Theekh Hain main thodi der mein
aati hoon" At that time she was wearing a Red colored Chaniyaa Choli
and a skirt that was just going below some inches of her knees. When
she came

I welcomed her in the house and we started watching TV. I was
sitting on the couch and she was sitting quite far from me on the
floor. I asked her to sit on the couch but she didnt agree. I was
just swapping through the channels looking for some erotic stuff to
arouse her. After trying for long I landed up on a movie on the
cable channel. Within 5 minutes of the start of the movie I figured
out that this was some IIIrd grade movie and will have some cheap
and erotic scenes inside it. Meenu was sitting there and watching it
like a statue. Then a stupid romantic song started in which the
heroine was wearing a white saree with a sleeveless blouse and
suddenly it started raining in the movie. In between the song the
hero was kissing her all around her body and in the close-up her
boobs were also visible. This song was really erotique but Meenu was
unmoved. After sometime there was a Rape scene in the movie and Of
course the villain was trying to rape some girl. Let me explain you
the scene: The girl was brought in the room of the villain by his
men and was thrown on the bed. The villain removed his gown and was
only in his underwear and jumped on the girl. He kept his hand on
her blouse and with one stroke removed it or should I say just tore
it. The female was just left in her black bra. Now the villain tore
apart her Ghaagra and the rest was mystery. But we can surely make a
guess. I looked at Meenu. She was again unmoved. I thought that this
isn't going to work. So I went to the kitchen and brought a Pepsi
bottle with 2 glasses. I offered one to Meenu and by giving the
glass to her I intentionally spilled the glass on her body. She said
nothing. I behaved as if I have done a big mistake and started
cleaning the mess. Actually my intention was to touch her sexy
boobs. She said " Koii Baat Nahiin". But I didn't stop instead I
grabbed her close to my body and started kissing her .

She said " Yeh Kyaa Kar Rahe Hain Aap" But I didn't stop and started
kissing her more furiously and started pressing her boobs from
outside, pushed her on the couch and made a grip such that she wasnt
able to move. I think that she started enjoying, as she wasn't
trying to get away from me now. When I was convinced I loosened my
grip and lifted her skirt. Inside she was wearing a short white
colored pajama. I pulled that down and I saw her pussy. It wasn't
shaven properly and had some hairs on it. Her pussy hairs were wet
with her pussy juice. I guess she was aroused a bit by the movie but
just didn't reacted or didn't know how to react. Now I removed her
top, which had front buttons, and inside she wasn't wearing a bra.
Her boobs were really beautiful and had small nipples on them. Her
boobs were comparatively more fairer then her body and had dark
brown nipples. I inserted my middle finger inside her cunt, which
was really tight. Then after sometime I inserted two fingers. In
between I used to put my fingers in her mouth. I continued it for
sometime and after around 10 minutes of this finger fucking she had
a big orgasm. A very big one. I tried to suck her down (Choot) but
believe me she smelled horrible. I know it sounds a little rave but
it's a fact. She really smelled very bad. I took out a condom from
my wallet and put it on my dick.

OH!! chodo! usey Andar Daal Do" she spits out. This was the first
time she spoke something sexy. I inserted my dick inside her and my
manhood started going inside ofcourse with great difficulty as I
guess she was a virgin. I wasn't able to fuck her properly on the
couch so I made her lie on the floor, spread her thighs wide and
enter her. This time I was successful and my prick entered her pussy
in full for the first time. I started fucking and builded up a pace.
My balls were banging on her pussy lips. She was moaning loudly " Oh
Oh Haa Aur Andar OH Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" and then she said the first
time some dirty words " Chod Mujhe Saale Bhadwe" I was really
aroused by her using such dirty words and fucked her with great
speed. She was shouting very loudly. I took her legs on my shoulders
and started thrusting her again. After doing this for sometime I was
about to come. So I took my dick out of her choot, removed the
condom from it, which had some blood stains on it and asked her to
give me a blowjob. She didn't know how to do it. So I asked her to
lie on the floor with her head near my dick .I sat on my knees and
started fucking her mouth-hole. I came and I came so much that some
of the cum actually came out of her mouth and fell on her body. I
never came like this before in my life. When I saw her choot it had
some blood spots on it. So I asked her to go to the bathroom and get
herself clean.

I wasn't done yet. I wanted to fuck her once more this time without
a condom. I asked her to come to my bedroom so that we can have a
nice fuck out there. As soon as we entered the bedroom she started
kissing me wildly and the first time I kissed her so perfectly. I
broke the kiss and asked her to lie on the bed in front of me. I got
on top in between her legs. She spread her legs as wide as she
could. She grabbed my head with one hand and pulled it close to
hers. She reached up and we again locked ourselves up in a deep kiss
until we fell out of breath and broke the kiss and started Panting.

"That was nice honey," I said. "Are you ready another round of
fucking"

"Haa" She managed to say.

I guided my prick into her. She moaned and moved her hips to the
rhythm. She was pushing forward the moment when I used to push
inside so that she can take me as deep as possible.

"Oh Meenu!" You are great!" I love you," I cried out.

" OH OH " Haa" Aur Andar Zor Se. That was all she managed to say.

After a few minutes I picked up the pace and banged her pussy with
my prick more hard. My balls started slapping against her. Our
bodies moved back and forth on the bed furiously.

"Oh Meenu! "Oh Meenu!

"Oh AAhhh ! Faad Daalo Merii Choot Ko! Chodo Mujhe ! Chodo Mujhe Aur
Fast. Aah Aah Aah Aah Aah Aah Aah" she screamed loudly.

The bed was shaking. She was screaming. Every thrust inside her and
her volume of shouting went on increasing. She had an orgasm. I felt
that I was also near. But this time I was to stay inside till the
last moment and I did so. So I increased my speed and I just took my
prick out and here I came on her stomach and all over her body. Then
we collapsed. I fell on top of her and we both laid there hot and
sweaty. We held each other for a couple more minutes. After this she
got up, went to the bathroom to get her clean. Then she got up and
went and slept on the same couch where I fucked her the first time
in the Hall. Her parents returned early in the morning. When I got
up Meenu's father asked me that why is Meenu sleeping out here. I
told her that she was feeling frightened yesterday night and so I
asked her to sleep here. He thanked me for allowing her to sleep
there. Actually! I should have thanked him for producing such an
absolute beauty for my pleasure.



