It was only a popular phrase to me before the incident. After that I started believing in it strongly. My name is Raju. I am a 30-year-old guy. I will narrate a story of my life, which will entertain you to the fullest. The story is about an incident took place 12 years back when I was a 18-year-old boy, studying in 12th standard.

We had a joint family that time. The family includes me, my parents, my uncle (My father's elder brother), my aunty and my cousin brother. When I was at 9th standard, I started to fell the urge to have sex with women. My friends used to watch young babes and relish their tender beauty. Surprisingly I was not interested to the girls of my age. I always felt an irresistible attraction towards those woman who are crossed the border of 30s and entered the domain of 40s. In fact their matured body was a feast to my eyes. During those days my dick used to get erected watching any hot scene in television. But I did not know how to masturbate that time. So I used to spend many sleepless nights just massaging my aching penis. In fact we had so many relatives in the town. Consequently I had many aunties there aged between 40 to 45. Few of them were the cause of lust and I used to dream to fuck them all one day. But I knew it was not possible as fucking an old lady, especially who is my aunt was a euphoria for me. So I found out an avenue to fulfill my suppressed lust by touching hips or boobs of my aunties accidentally.

In our house our balcony was just adjacent to my uncle's bathroom. One day, while I was standing at the balcony, I heard the noise of shower from uncle's bathroom. Then I heard the sound of the bangles from there. I was sure that my tai (Aunty) was taking bath. The ventilator of the bathroom was quite big and it was on the wall of our balcony. With an unhealthy curiosity I just fixed a stool below the ventilator and climbed on that. I peeped through the ventilator very carefully so that my tai does not feel my presence and I saw the seen of my life. Tai was standing completely naked facing her back towards the ventilator. She was covered with foams of a fragrant bathing soap. Her eyes were closed as she was applying shampoo on her long hair. Then I looked down and looked at her buttocks. My god, they were really delicious. My tai had fair butts with reddish patches on it. Her butts were round and the round flesh of it converged to a puckered ass hole. After finishing soaping she took bath. I could not keep my eyes away from her body. Then pouring 3 mugs of water she suddenly leaned forward to pick something. In this posture her luscious ass was looking hotter and I could see a part of her pubic hair too. Suddenly I heard my father's voice in or bedroom and jumped down from the stool. But it was really unbelievable to me. I have never fantasized about my tai before. She was 42 then. I have never imagined that her saree-covered body possesses such an erotic body. Because she never looks sexy normally, though she is good looking. In fact I never looked at her from that point of view. In one instant all my respect to her turned into an obsessive love. From then on I started dreaming of dicking the fleshy butt. And I had made it a practice to watch her taking bath almost daily.

When I was in 12th standard, there was a big chaos in our family between my parents and my uncle and tai. Tai was a shrewd lady. She never liked the good relation between my uncle and my father. She always feels jealous to me, and my parents. It was a very normal practice for her. I used to see her doing this from my child hood. During those days, her behavior had become unbearable. I could not pocket the insults of my parents done by my tai intentionally. I had a felling towards her, which is a mixture of lust and hatred then.

One day I thought that I must teach a lesson to this bitch (My tai). It was a Sunday. My parents were out of station. My uncle and my cousin were not at home as they have gone out for buying fish and vegetables from market. I thought that if I want to punish this bitch, today is the ideal day. There were 2 doors at my uncle, s bathroom. The main door had the entrance to their bedroom and the other door had an entrance to the common drawing room. This door used to remain closed all the time. I entered my uncle' s room without making noise to check what my tai is doing. I saw she was not in the room. I guessed she was at kitchen busy in preparing her morning tea. I did not waste a second and entered their bathroom and unlocked the second door silently. Then I pushed the door carefully so that my tai could not understand that it is open. I came out from the bathroom carefully and went to our balcony.

After 15 minutes I heard my aunty' s cough as she entered into the bathroom. I was holding my breath and suddenly I heard the noise of shower. I just fixed the stool and stood on it. My speculation was right as she was applying soap on her face and body. It was the time for my action. I ran to the other door, pushed it gently and entered into the bathroom without making any sound. As aunty was concentrating on soap massage she did not feel my presence. I put off my shorts carefully. My dick was at its highest length and breadth. I was just standing behind my tai who is completely naked and whom I have watched taking bath several times. I had bought a wide piece of a broad sticking plaster with me. I approached towards her carefully. She was applying shampoo on her head and her arms were lifted. I carefully stretched my hands making an avenue under her armpits. Still that moment she had no idea what was going to take place. Suddenly I bent y stretched arms to grab her neck. It was a style I have learned in my karate classes, and it was meant to attack an enemy from back and lock his neck so that he remains motionless being unable to move.

I applied the same trick to my tai. She was shocked and she tried to scream. She was not able to open her eyes as her face was covered by the foam of shampoo and soap and she was not able to wipe her face as I had locked her from her neck. I this situation, I pulled out the broad sticking tape from my pocket and pasted it on her face so that she could not scream. She was trying to get rid of me but she could not and she was helplessly kicking her legs in a scattered way, as she was not able to shout. Now I moved closer to and my dick touched her butts. I held her tightly and started rubbing my hard dick at the crack of her butt. She was really struggling to turn back but I could not let her do that. The funny thing is, someone was rubbing her butts with his dick whom she could not recognize and she was unable too. Her helplessness was giving me a cruel pleasure. I did not waste time. I pushed my dick hard into her asshole.

She was screaming in pain and the sound coming out from her tape covered mouth was sounding erotic. I pushed my dick hard into her rectum. She cried more. But I did not stop. I started butt fucking her vigorously. At that moment I was feeling to pleasures together. One is of punishing the bitch used to play a dirty game with my parents and the second is of fucking the butt I have dreamed about to fuck hard. She has no other way except taking my dick in her virgin asshole. And she was doing so letting me fuck her in her back door with immense pleasure. After few strokes I observed that she stopped fighting and suddenly I realized that she is enjoying the fucking too. One thing clicked into my mind. Being bit bolder I had pulled out the tape from her mouth and let her lips open. And I was right. She stopped shouting and she started moaning with closed eyes. It was immaterial to her who is fucking her but. Her only focus was on the pleasure she was getting by being screwed by young fat dick in her asshole.

Watching this I increased my rhythm and she started moaning loudly. After few more powerful strokes I flooded her butt hole with my lustful semen. After ejaculation I stood there for few second relishing the excellent but fucking of my tai. My dick was still inside and it had become flaccid because of that heavy ejaculation. Now my tai came to her senses and opened her eyes. I released her neck and she turned back. I was very tensed thinking of the fact that, if she catches me doing this nasty thing, she would complaint to my uncle and my parents. I was mentally prepared for a heavy punishment that time. And I was right. She turned back and was shocked seeing me there. She yelled out in anger. She told, " You bastard. How dare you to do this to me. I will teach you a lesson forever. I will cut your dick so that you never ever could think of fucking anybody. Hearing all these I also lost my temper. I told her, " You are making it an issue unnecessarily. I fucked your ass and you enjoyed it too. The matter is over then and there." She shouted, " Shut up, you son of a bitch. I will tell everybody that you raped my." Then I was out of control and told her, " Listen you bitch. I thought that your punishment is complete. But I was wrong and I need some more of it."

Then I pounced on her made her lie on her back forcefully. She was fighting and but she was helpless. I pressed her shoulder with my left hand hard and started parting her legs apart. Now her bush was visible. I did not waste time and guided my dick, which had got erection again, into her cunt. She gasped. I pulled my dick out and pushed it hard. After repeating this action for 5/6 times suddenly she stopped shouting and fighting. I grabbed both of tits with my palms and started to fuck her heavily. She was moaning in heavenly pleasure and her moans were forcing my pump my dick into her vagina with maximum strength. This was the greatest event of my life.

I was fucking my tai, who is 42 years. I was fulfilling my dream of fucking middle-aged women. I was fucking the bitch whom I wanted to punish. I was fucking the same cunt my uncle fucked many times to quench his lust. I was fucking the same cunt, which gifted me many sleepless nights with my aching penis. It was too much for me to bear and I poured tons of my come into her love canal. I successfully flooded my tai's vagina with my sperm. After finishing the fuck, I asked, " How did you feel tai". She said softly, " It was great. I enjoyed a nice long fuck after a prolonged time. I really enjoyed the sexual reunion with a young dick." We had a light chat and tai told me she loves sex and she read about anal sex before but experienced it for the first time today. She thanked for gifting her an amazing fuck.

After this incident, my relation with my tai had become very frank. I used to fuck her whenever I get her lonely and I have tried all the positions I have seen in porno movies. I love fucking her and she loves to be fucked by me too. This session kept on continuing and one day she told me that she has conceived. But nobody doubted us she keeps on getting fucked by my uncle too. One day she gave birth to a baby girl. I knew it was my child but she was m sister too. Now my tai is 60. whenever we meet we recall our old days.


