I knock on the door, excited for the evening. My eyes dwindle over her body when she opens the door. She's standing in a white towel, barely covering her tits and her legs are visible through the slip barely closing over her ass and pussy. Her smile lures me in and I close the door behind me, following her to her bedroom.
I stand in the door, watching as she gathers her clothes for the evening. She bends over at the waist when she goes to pick up her shoes, and I groan at the seductive allure of her ass and pussy peeking from below the towel. I walk up behind her, placing my hands on her hips, and tug at the towel. She lets it fall and her gloriously tanned skin looks warm and inviting. I place my mouth on her back, in the soft spot between her shoulder blades.
My fingers play lightly over her skin, teasing it to goosebumps, and my mouth follows the sensual curve of her back downwards. I fall to my knees behind her, my lips and tongue teasing her skin as I move down to her feet. First my hands start a slow massage, over the bridge of her feet, then I lift one up, and massage more thoroughly, my hands turning and twisting, pressing down in all the right places.
My mouth works down to her ankle, kissing, biting, licking. My fingers are exploring the crinkles in her soles as she tries to pull away, squirming and giggling. My tongue follows the crinkles from her heels up to her toes, and I start suckling on her well pedicured big toe. My hands move over to the other foot, whilst my mouth is still suckling and playing with her toes.
I move over to her other foot. My mouth and hands playing and teasing her feet. I feel my cock pulsing against my black jeans, and know that if I don't stop, we won't be in time for the reservation. I let her feet go, and pull her up so that she can finish dressing. I watch in awe as she finally puts on her shoes. Her face is glowing with the sensual force of her arousal and I smile as we leave for the restaurant...
The cool night air felt crisp after the heat of the car. The sexual tension between us lay heavy, expectant. I knew tonight I would finally get to feel those soft, sensual feet beneath my hands. I looked at her as she fumbled in her purse for the key.
Her blonde hair was coiffed to perfection, with loose strands hanging halfway down her shoulders. Her emerald green eyes, lustrous with the dark, long lashes knew exactly how to grab hold of me. I would love to see those eyes filled with yearning passion. Her full mouth, a deep shade of red. Oh, I could only imagine what that mouth was capable of. The high cheekbones brought a decent finish to her pretty face.
My eyes skimmed further down her body. The silver dress followed every curve of her body. Her slender shoulders, followed by a full, supple bust. Her tits looked great with the low-cut of her dress. Her stomach was hardly flat, and pushed slightly against the material of her dress. Then her hips. Oh wow, those hips. She had a full pair of hips, and her ass was to die for. Curvaceous and full. The dress had a slit that exposed her silky smooth legs. Beneath the dress she had black silky suspenders that covered her legs. And then...
Oh fuck, her feet. Her succulent ankles, slim and sexy. She wore a 10 inch heel, black, with a narrow strap across the bridge of her feet, and another going around her ankle. The straps were silver, and had the tiniest bit of detail on them. Finally she opened the door, and the step she took shook me from my daydream. I placed a hand on her ass, urging her into the flat faster. Her seductive smile drew me in closer and I leaned down to kiss her.
As my tongue gently parts her lips, my arms fold around her, grabbing her ass, and drawing her all the way against me. I feel her standing on her tiptoes and make my way down her body, my hands trailing a blazing path from her shoulders, down past her navel, and into the sweet, wet crotch. My mouth lingered on her tits as I pushed her backwards, into the couch, forcing her to sit. I make my way down her legs, my hands tugging at the suspenders.
I finally got the clasp of the suspenders loose, and her stockings slipped off with ease. I shifted them down to her calves before I started working on her shoes. I loosened both straps, my fingers fumbling with excitement. As I took off her shoes, I ripped off the remaining stockings, and her feet were in my hands. The soft, supple skin was driving me insane. I groaned, and kissed the bridge of her feet. My mouth found it's way up to her toes, suckling, biting, my tongue grazing her skin. I groan with each giggle that escapes her mouth.
My cock is throbbing against the zip of my jean, bulging, begging for release. Begging to feel the touch of her pedicured feet against my cock. I worked my way up from her toes, covering her ankles, calves and thighs with soft kisses, tiny bites. My fingers still played with her feet. Fingering the soft, delicate skin of her heels, and beneath her toes. Her thighs spread as I moved up.
My tongue felt the hot seeping wetness against her panties, and her telltale scent only made my arousal worsen. Her feet were pressing against my cock now, feeling every throb, making me yearn for her even more. I stood up, looking down at her relaxed body, and slipped my jean and underwear off hastily. Getting back on my knees, I pushed her feet around my cock. Pre-cum from excitement made me wet and slick, and her feet slid over my cock with ease. I groaned as her feet started working, up and down the shaft of my cock, my eyes closed, and my hand resting on her thighs. I shifted slightly, moving forward, and slipped a finger into her wet, hot cunt.
I heard her moaning as I slipped in a second finger, my thumb rubbing her clit. I felt her hips move in rhythm to my fingers, and I started pushing my cock between her feet harder and harder. I planted kisses on her legs, moaning harder as I came closer to orgasm. I whispered hoarsely against her skin, warning that I was close to orgasm. My hand moved faster, putting more pressure on her clit. Her gasp told me that orgasm was extremely close for her too, and I stopped with my cock, pulling away from her feet. My mouth closed on her pussy, my tongue immediately seeking out the warm depth, suckling hard, moving my mouth over her pussy.
I heard her falling into orgasm, and set back on my legs, watching her squirm and contract with pleasure. I guided her feet back to my throbbing cock. Her feet immediately fell back to work, and I groaned. With my arms out behind me, I fucked her feet faster and harder, her toes played over the sensitive tip of my cock, urging me to orgasm. I heard her order, she wants me to cum over her feet. In a few shoves, I pushed her feet tightly against my cock, and watched in fascination as my cum spew across her well-kept feet. Cum flowed between her toes, and down her heels. She sat upright, breathing heavily, but smiling brightly.