Story - Jacqui's Clinic (fdom humil spank creampie)

Deanna and her husband sat in the cozy office and listened to details 
of the clinic.

"We only admit married men to our facility, and everyone is given 
medical testing to be sure they're free of disease," the receptionist 
stated.  "Then, we set a schedule when your husband can come here 
daily for a couple of hours.  We use a variety of techniques to help 
him overcome early ejaculation.  During the time that he is not here, 
he will wear a device to keep him from masturbating.  That would be 
cheating, since he will always last longer after the first release."

Deanna looked at him and smiled.

"You need to be aware," the receptionist continued, "that he will have 
regular intercourse with the staff here.  That is how we gauge his 
progress."

Deanna's husband now had a firm boner under his trousers.

"What is the technique you use to help him?" Deanna asked, sweeping 
her dark brown hair back with her hands.

"It's not the same for everyone.  The first visit is for calibration, 
so to speak.  One of our staff will get a baseline for how soon he 
ejaculates, and what kinds of stimulation take him over the edge.  
Then, based on the experience of the staff, treatment will begin right 
away."

They both signed the admission forms and made his appointment for the 
following day.

He arrived and the receptionist paired him with Helen, a woman with 
straight blonde hair and a short black dress.  She led him to a room 
with a single bed, bathroom and shower.  He was visibly excited and at 
the same time nervous.

Helen watched while he showered.  She made a point of sitting with her 
firm smooth legs spread apart as much as her dress allowed. As he 
dried off, he saw Helen step out of her panties and pull down the top 
of her dress.  She led him to the bed and had him lay next to her, and 
teased his already raging erection until it began to seep.

"Make love to me now," she said, and reclined on her back and parted 
her legs. She pulled her dress up above her hips.

He entered Helen and immediately felt his cock twitch as it 
desperately wanted to spurt in her sweet pussy.  He looked at her 
twinkling eyes and bright smile as he slowly pumped.  As usual, it 
took only a few thrusts and he ejaculated, his cock repeatedly pulsing 
inside her.

She withdrew from him as soon as he finished spurting and said, "That 
didn't even take a minute.  Looks like we have some work to do.  We 
employ a combination of incentives for maintaining control, and 
disincentives for ejaculating too early.  Right now, I'm going to 
discipline you with a strap.  I want you to turn over, now, and accept 
two dozen swats.  You are not to interfere."

"Wha- what?!  You're going to spank me?"

"Well yes, the form that you signed gave your consent for accepting 
discipline.  It also stipulated that if you refused to accept it, 
treatment would be terminated.  What would your wife say if we sent 
you home as untreatable?  We enjoy an almost hundred percent success 
rate in those who complete the program.  You want to experience the 
sublime pleasure of lengthy intercourse, don't you?"

She picked up a sturdy leather strap.  "Turn over now, and we'll get 
this over with."

This is the part I like best about being here, Helen thought to 
herself as he turned over and she prepared to administer the strap.

"Keep your hands out of the way.  This probably won't be fun for you."

Helen, while keeping her eye on the bared bottom of the male on the 
bed, raised the strap as high as she could.  Then she delivered a 
fiery swat while bending her knees for more effect.  Twenty four times 
she did this.  Twenty four times, Deanna's husband yelled and 
squirmed.  When she finished, she attached a cock cage and sent him 
home, telling him that tomorrow he'd get some advice on how to delay 
ejaculation during intercourse.

That evening Deanna was so aroused that she had him perform 
cunnilingus on her through several climaxes.  He was desperately 
frustrated since he could neither have intercourse with her, or come 
to ejaculation by any other means.  Her wild-eyed and vocal response 
to his attentions further fueled his desire.

The next day at the clinic, the receptionist waved him by and told him 
which room to enter, and directed him to take all his clothes off.  A 
little while later Jean, a firm-featured brown-haired woman, entered 
and removed his cock cage.  While he showered, she stood close by and 
made sure that he saw her with her hand in her panties.  She stripped 
while he dried off, and had him sit next to her on the bed.

She spoke to him as she fondled his boner.

"When you're making love to a woman, always be doing something.  If 
you're trying to delay ejaculation by keeping your hips still, then 
kiss her or nibble on her nipples, that kind of thing.  Now, I want 
you to practice this exercise..."

Jean described what she wanted him to do, and monitored him over the 
next twenty minutes.  She had her hand on his boner the whole time, 
during which he seeped profusely.

"It's time for the proof of the pudding," she said, and reclined on 
the bed.  She spread her legs slightly and bent her knees. "Make love 
to me now," she instructed, and placed her hands behind her head.

He entered her and pressed his mouth on hers as he pumped.  His hips 
seemed to have a will of their own, independent of his wishes.  He 
slowed down but couldn't bring himself to stop.  It was not very long 
at all before Jean's pussy coaxed forth his ejaculation.  His member 
pulsed and spurted helplessly as he finally admitted defeat.

Jean smiled, grasped his hips, and withdrew him.

"Time for a little motivational training," she said as she picked up 
the phone and pressed a few keys.  "Kristy, this is Jean.  Please 
bring me a wooden hairbrush.  Thank you."

The receptionist entered the room carrying a hardwood oval hairbrush 
and smiled as she handed it to Jean.  The hapless and naked male was 
embarrassed at the thought that everyone in the room knew exactly what 
had happened.  He was further humiliated when Kristy calmly stood 
there after she handed the hairbrush to Jean, which meant that she was 
going to stay and watch. Jean sat on the edge of the bed with her 
thighs slightly apart.

"Get yourself over my lap now, so I can spank you like the naughty boy 
that you are...  Yes, she's going to watch you get it."

Deanna's husband, with a red flush on his face from the humiliation, 
got across Jean's lap.

Jean spanked hard, and slammed the hairbrush against his naked bottom 
three dozen times.  He tried to take them without crying out, but 
could not keep from voicing his reaction after about ten strokes.  
Afterward he rubbed his bottom while Jean put his cock cage on.

The following day, he was paired with Joy, a petite blonde with long 
curly hair and a sensuous low voice.  She asked him some intimate 
questions about his wife's reaction to his sessions.  He stammered 
that she was insatiable for oral sex and that his desire for intimate 
fulfillment was high.

"That's fairly typical of the wives of the guys that we treat," Joy 
stated.  "Now let's get down to business here..."

She held his firm boner in her hand while he practiced his exercises, 
and then said that it was time for the testing.

"So far you haven't lasted past a minute," she said earnestly.  "I 
really think you can do much better than that.  If you come too soon 
today, I don't think I can spank you, since you've gotten two 
spankings in a row, even though I really would like to stripe that 
bottom of yours.  You know, when my husband ejaculates too soon, which 
happens occasionally, I have him clean my pussy with his mouth 
afterwards.  He's got to get every bit of that cum out of there.  I 
think I'll use that technique on you.  Have you ever eaten a pussy 
creampie?  No?  Then, that should be a new experience."

Joy reclined on the bed and spread her legs.

"I'll tell you what," she continued, "If you can last two minutes or 
longer, you can fuck me a second time.  Less than two minutes, and 
you've got to eat my creampie."

Joy spread her knees and lewdly presented her womanhood for him.  He 
slid in and she started a timer.  Several times he managed to stop 
pumping and kissed her warmly, played with her nipples, and nibbled on 
her earlobe.  She moaned loudly in her sensuous low voice.  He tried 
to expand the range of stimulation that he could endure without 
crossing the line to ejaculatory inevitability.  Her blonde-haired 
pussy and her low moans proved to be more than he could handle, and he 
felt the increasing strength of the tingling within him.  His cock 
jerked and twitched, and then spewed forth a profuse serving of semen 
into the warm caresses of Joy's pussy.

She looked at the timer and shook her head.  

"Fifteen more seconds and you'd have been clear."  She pulled away and 
withdrew him.  "Get to work down there now, and don't stop till you've 
gotten every bit of your cum out of my pussy."

Joy climaxed, and rather loudly, several times while Deanna's husband 
warmed up to licking and sucking out his own semen.  He knew that 
anyone outside the room could hear Joy's raucous orgasmic 
proclamations.

That evening Deanna had her husband service her orally over an 
extended period of time, and, much to his frustration, was especially 
arousing sexually.

On several of his subsequent visits to the clinic, he got Joy as his 
mentor more often than the others.  She kept raising the bar, telling 
him he could take her a second time if he lasted two and a half 
minutes, then three minutes, and so on.  Of course, she always subtly 
moved in a way that practically ensured that he would not quite make 
it.  She then had the pleasure of striping his bottom with a rattan 
cane (in which case every staff member who was not busy was invited to 
watch, much to his further humiliation), or having him suck on her 
freshly creamed pussy while she raucously climaxed for all to hear.

When the clinic determined that he had progressed a fair amount, they 
set up a meeting with him and Deanna.  Joy ushered them back to an 
office.  She addressed Deanna in her resonant, low voice.

"I've used a couple of incentives for him to stay motivated to avoid 
ejaculating too soon.  One is the threat of a spanking.  I'm sure 
you've seen the results of some of those."  Deanna smiled and nodded.  
"The other," Joy continued, "is something I also use on my own husband 
when he ejaculates sooner than I want - I have him immediately service 
me orally and lick me clean - he has to remove all his semen from me.  
You may want to consider that too.  Or you could give him enemas, or 
discipline him in front of your friends.  I'm confident that he can 
progress so that both of you can have a vastly more pleasurable sex 
life than before."

Joy turned to him.  "Now if you'll stand up and unfasten your 
trousers, I'll remove the cage."  He was embarrassed from being 
instructed to do that in an office setting, and hesitantly pulled down 
his pants and undies.  Joy walked over and released the device.  His 
cock stood out like a flagpole.  Joy smiled knowingly, and Deanna 
parted her lips slightly as if anticipating.  She could see the desire 
in his eyes.

Over the next several weeks, their bedroom entertained a number of 
different scenes as Deanna worked with her husband's motivation to 
prolong intercourse before ejaculation.

There were times when she, completely undressed, stood with one hand 
on her hip, the other hand grasping a doubled-up leather belt.  He, 
with a cushion under his hips to better present his bottom for the 
strap, was face down.  His nether cheeks were getting more reddened by 
the minute as she strapped and strapped and strapped.

Other times found him bent over the edge of the bed, kicking his legs 
as Deanna repeatedly whisked a freshly cut switch across his bared 
bottom.

And there were the times when Deanna, on her back with her legs apart, 
pumped her hips and rolled her head from side to side, in the grip of 
an intense orgasm, while her husband orally cleaned her pussy of the 
semen which he had spurted before she was ready.

There were also the times when, after a lengthy ride, Deanna indicated 
in one of several ways that she was ready for his ejaculation.  His 
throbbing erection pulsed as streaks of hot semen jetted into her 
welcoming womanhood.

-----
This work is copyright by the author, and commercial use is prohibited 
without permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified 
is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or 
indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that this 
disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at 
onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.  Please see my other stories at 
http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
