
Being a white, middle class couple means it's hard to adopt a small child especially when the only ones in care tend to be black or mixed race. Local councils in England have an obligation to make sure children are brought up aware of their ethnic origins and do not get disconnected from their own race. At least that's what we were told repeatedly when we tried to adopt.

It was ironic but we found out that our status as white, middle class people actually put us at the bottom of the eligibility scale. We'd have had a better chance if one of us had been an ex. convict (obviously depending on the crime) and we'd been in community accommodation rather than owning our own place.

Now no one wants to be unable to have children and certainly no one plans for it so when, once I'd turned twenty seven, my husband and I began `trying' for a baby it took a while to discover there were problems. It's not uncommon these days and there are very many reasons why. Eventually we discovered Colin had lower than required sperm mobility which explained why it had been hard to conceive but not why I'd had two miscarriages when we'd finally been successful.

It was suggested I had an implantation problem, reasons unknown, but possibly due to some chemical imbalance of the developing eggs. So we turned to IVF but this is both costly and soon became pointless when at the second attempt I got pregnant only to lose it again.

So here we were, where we didn't plan to be; both thirty two and childless hence our genuine desire to adopt. The agencies were unhelpful and frankly I was slowly resigned to the fact that I would never have children.

It was when I read that there was some pressure on social services to relax their rules to help lift the adoption rate and that meant considering white couples adopting children with an ethnic background.

So we reapplied but our first interview was really hard. I cannot remember it as well as subsequent ones but I do recall there was quite a large panel and they were very negative as if we were doing something really bad.

Somehow we were offered a second meeting and at this there were three people present, all black who basically repeated what we'd been told before that we couldn't possibly understand the problems a black child would encounter.

We argued that we could offer a stable home that would allow the child to grow up happy and secure but as one of the women pointed out the child would still be subject to racial intolerance and possible discrimination.

Then one of the others asked us bluntly if we'd considered what people would think when they saw us with the child.

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"To be blunt while your family and friends will know the truth everyone you meet casually or become friends with in the future will believe you have had a sexual relationship with a black man."

"People will know it's not ours." Alan agreed. "But that's fine."

"No you misunderstand. People will look at your wife and assume she has got pregnant by a black man, they won't stop to ask if she gave birth to him or her, they will just know it isn't yours, Alan."

"I don't care if people think that when they don't know the facts, our friends will know." I responded angrily.

"Well you should! What are you going to do, put a sign on the baby that reads `this is not really my biological child' or perhaps `this child is adopted?' If you take a black baby and love it as yours you can't then keep telling people it is adopted."

"We won't." Alan stated.

"Then I go back to what I said before, you have to be happy to allow people to think you wife had sex with a black man otherwise this adoption will not work as you will forever be making apologies or denials for it."

"Look we really don't mind what people think. We will love the child and give it a fantastic home."

"So you are telling me you are both happy and willing to allow people, many people to think you have had sex with a black man and that your husband is happy about it, because that is the truth of what most people will think." She added before I could reply.

"They can think what they want!"

"Even the mums when your child begins school, unless as I said you put a label on it or tell everyone that they are adopted as soon as you meet them."

"We understand why you are saying this but we are fine with that..."

"That people see your wife as a woman who enjoys interracial sex?" It was a question we both knew had to be answered in the right way or our slim chances would be extinguished at the very first hurdle.

"... Yes we really won't mind. If people see us in that way, then fine."

"And you won't feel the need to make the truth known up front? To do so would really damage the child's development... "

"If people we get friendly with think that I really don't mind." I stated forcefully.

"Frankly I find that hard to believe. Have either of you dated black people?"

"I don't see why that has any bearing on this..."

"It has every bearing, Mr Wilson, You think that just saying you are cool about people thinking you wife has or had a black lover will make it ok, well it won't. You don't mix with black people socially; your file states you are friends with only one couple who are Black and there is an Asian friend from college who you still see. It doesn't matter about the, as you put it `diverse ethnic mix' at your respective workplaces, this is hardly interracial mixing that will allow you to balance your understanding of how to raise this child."

"We can't help that we don't have that many coloured friend..."

"But you can," the chair stated in an almost apologetic tone, "now listen! I want you to have a shot at this but truthfully it really doesn't seem likely. Can you think of anything you can do to improve your profile?"

I was stumped and we were silent. My tears began to fall again.

"OK Gail, I'm not going to rule this out completely as I can see you really do want this to happen. Tell you what I can do, you need to mix with more appropriate people and I've been thinking. I hold a group every Wednesday not too far from here for mothers to discuss a number of issues with pregnancy, birth and raising the little ones in a difficult environment. It will be very different to what you are used to but if you come with an open mind it will help you to both understand the difficulties raising a black child as well as getting to know more women."

I looked at Alan who nodded positively. "Yes I'd like that." I replied.

"If you are sure, I mean this is hardly a tea and scones meeting!" She challenged. 

"It will be fine."

"OK, I'll send you the location and details and you should plan to attend weekly for the next few months if at all possible. Now what you two really need to do is think long and hard about how you can better integrate both yourselves and any baby, should you be successful, within the black community." The meeting was over and went home depressed but not completely without hope.

Wednesday I pulled up outside the rather small shabby building and with a nervous glance at the street went to the door. I found the room and entered looking with some surprise at the white faces in the room. I guess I'd expected there to be mostly black women there but there were none except the social worker.

It turned out four of the seven women were currently expecting a black baby while the other three had produced them in the past few months. I was aware that they would all think I was also pregnant but given the conversation I had during the last interview the last thing I was going to do was offer that information especially as the social worker, who was facilitating the meeting, was watching me closely.

"Lisa can you tell everyone how you are feeling about this baby?" The facilitator asked after we'd settled into seats.

"I'm happy but a little scared. I don't know what my friends and family will think when they find out the baby isn't my husbands."

"But you want the child?"

"Yes I do it's just working out how to let the world know it's going to be black."

"Can you explain to everyone how this came about. Remember everyone here has a similar story so don't feel guilty or embarrassed."

"I met another man at a party and we had sex. It was fantastic..."

"Because he was black and all that means!" The facilitator added with a smile.

"Yes. Anyway I got his number and met him on and off for a few weeks until I realised I was pregnant."

"Why can't it be you husbands?"

"Because I stopped having sex with him when I met Dan."

"And now?"

"Well I told my husband about its father and he went spare. He threw me out so I've been staying with friends but I've decided I want to keep it."

"So your husband, is he still mad at you?"

"Well yes. I've spoken to him a few times since and I think he knows I still love him but can't understand why it happened especially as I'm a Catholic so there was such a high risk. Of course we've got a child already so I'm hoping he'll take me back once he's got over the shock. It's just a pity I wasn't brave enough to talk to him about it before I became pregnant."

"And you?" She turned to another woman who smiled.

"I had a black boyfriend but didn't bother with anything `cos he hated condoms. Knocked me up a couple of months ago then left!"

"But you are keeping the baby as well."

"Yep. I'm really happy to be expecting his baby."

"Tina?" She turned to a short woman, two down from me who smiled.

"As most here already know I'm marred to a really nice bloke but ever since I dated a black guy at school I've always been aware of how much better the sex is. About a year ago my husband let me start dating black guys and then six weeks ago we agreed I could have a black baby and that's what's happened!"

I looked on shocked by the casual manner she described her open marriage then one of the other women, with a baby added.

"My white husband encouraged me to begin with, it was his idea that I started having sex with black men. Of course once I did I was hooked..."

"Aren't we all!" Came a comment from another mum. There was general agreement and some giggles.

"Now ladies, not all of you are so lucky. Gail here doesn't have children because of medical issues with her husband but now she'd thinking of having a black baby."

I was about to add that I actually wanted to adopt one not have one through an affair but caught myself again knowing this was what the main concern about our adopting was all about. The social worker was testing me to see how I would react to their thinking I was having sex with a black man.

 Before I had thought of a reply the girl next to me got in first:

"Go for it honey! Seven years of low sperm count or whatever from my husband made us so unhappy but three months having sex with black guys not only got me pregnant it rekindled our sex life."

"Same here!" Said a really young looking woman opposite. "Before my husband got me to try black men we were barely doing it at all but now that he shares me, we do it all the time. Plus of course thanks to the sex I've become multi-orgasmic!" She laughed out loud.

"And you had a black baby!" The facilitator added.

"Sure did. It seemed the next step since we also had problems. We are so happy now. Wish I'd gone black years ago." This was met with a chorus of agreement.

"So Gail, is your husband comfortable with you having a black baby?"

I knew I was still on trial, it was a leading question so I was careful with my answer: "We both want a black baby."

"That's great!" The facilitator responded "Now as you gather everyone here apart from Gina is marred to a white man so they know how it feels to be looked at when they have the baby or how people they know look at them when friends and family find out. I think it's very important you really understand what that will be like."

I nodded unsure where we were going.

"Can I ask a couple of you to buddy with Gail for the next few weeks at least and give her some insight to what it's like?"

Tina volunteered as did the really young girl opposite. After that we talked about how the women felt when they told their family and friends and what it was like for those already with a black baby to be seen out.

I listened and realised that as some of them admitted it was really tough. They lost friends family members didn't speak anymore and in a couple of cases had verbal abuse from both the white and black communities.

After an hour Tina and Helen were encouraged to have some time with me and we split from the group.

"So have you a father in mind?" Tina asked casually as if this was everyday stuff.

"Well..." I was about to try to explain when I saw the facilitator heading over. "...no."

"That's cool." Helen chipped in. I could see she was possible a little older than I'd first thought but still looked like a teenager, yet had a black baby conceived after she was married. "I have no idea who the father of my son is, best that way, I don't want him visited by his biological father it would only upset the poor kid."

"How old is he?" I asked.

"Nearly one. Had him when I was nineteen." She supplied and looking at my confused face added: "I got married at sixteen but my husband was a bit inexperienced to say the least. Thankfully help was at hand, well next door to be exact and after one night with the neighbour I became a proper woman. I dated a few guys after that but like to keep it less complicated so tend to do one nighters."

I was trying so hard not to show my shock or cry `slut!' but it was really tough.

"That's where we are different." Tina responded. "I've been dating the same guy for over a year and wanted to give him a kid. Don't get me wrong Sam, that's my husband, is really sweet about it and understands why I have to have a black boyfriend and is really happy me bearing a black baby."

"What have your friends said?" I finally asked.

"Mine were really shocked." Helen confessed. "A few knew I slept with black guys but to get pregnant and have a black baby they were freaked! It's ok now though, took them most of this year but now they don't see Jake's skin colour at all. The hardest was Kevin's family, his dad nearly hit me when he found out and his mother called me a slut to my face. Had to laugh because I guess I was, well am, to a certain extent but her other son left his wife for another girl this year so she's kind of had to shut it."

"I let everyone know I had a black boyfriend and they either accepted it or didn't. All our friends are cool about it and so are my family. His sister is as well but his dad's still mad as hell and whenever we go over they always row about it, still Sam takes it in his stride." Tina explained.
"What will happen when you have it, I meant with its real father?" 

"Don't know. Since he has open access to me..." She laughed deeply at this as did Helen and I smiled, "...I guess he'd see the kid pretty often!" Then she shrugged. "To be honest I doubt if I'll see him by then, I mean its all about the sex isn't it? I don't expect him to hang around for long once I get huge anyway he has other girlfriends."

Helen put her arm about me and said in a low voice. "The best thing to do is just go for it. I mean not only is the sex great you can always lie." She paused. "Amanda over there has told everyone she's had a donor egg, bloody liar! She shagged half a dozen different black guys for months until it happened!"

Tina added. "She's right. Relax and enjoy it. I prefer having a boyfriend but little miss slutty here likes to go on the pull!"

"Cheeky!" Helen responded with a grin. "Who are you calling little!" We laughed together at this then Helen added; "come on we'll get a drink."

"Ok if we take our new recruit for a drink?" Tina asked and the Facilitator who was still sitting with us. "Sure guys, it's your meeting anyway."

I wasn't really expecting this but we ended up in a pub a few buildings down from the hall. It wasn't a place I would have ever visited without my present company, being very rundown but I tried to appear relaxed as we found a table while Helen went to the bar.

There were a few people in there including a couple of younger blokes who followed us with ill-disguised looks. Tina like me wore Jeans, a tee-shirt and jumper so her bump didn't really show. She was an attractive woman although a little large-framed and a good five or six-inches taller than me.

Helen was petite and really young looking plus she wore a short skirt over her dark tights and heels so (I sound really bitchy here but don't mean it) she still caught their attention even though you wouldn't say her features were that attractive. I should say here that I was definitely dressed down, my hair was in a pony tail and I had virtually no make-up on to pass under the radar.

Anyway we sat and Helen happily told me how she began having sex with other men. She explained that her husband had really struggled in the first months of their marriage and it was clear he was always going to suffer from what she called a `quick trigger' after a while they tried to prolong the even by looking at porn after his first climax and that was how they began to read about more erotic acts including interracial sex.

She explained that over time they also realised (having looked at pictures and the odd video clip) he was small compared to the black guys they witnessed and that she should be enjoying her own climaxes which up to then she hadn't. So it was that after a year of marriage Kevin had agreed to her experiencing sex with someone else and they both agreed it would be good if that someone was black.

It just happened that their neighbours were a black couple and suddenly one evening Kevin had suggested she might try him. Helen then told me how hot that thought made her so that within a few days of it coming up in conversation she agreed to try it.

She waited until one Saturday when his wife had gone out with the children then she went over and asked him for some advice about our computer, since he worked in a shop that fixed PC's. When he agreed she got him to come over and take a look at ours, needless to say her husband was out and the PC was on with an interracial porn site open.

She said he took the hint, which was pretty blatant since she took off her coat to reveal a skimpy dress, and a few minutes later they were at it in her bedroom. She explained that he was both bigger and harder than Kevin but more importantly he was able to do it for more than three or four minutes. It took quite a while but eventually she had her first orgasm and that was that, she was hooked. 

She added that Kevin was actually delighted she'd achieved a climax so after that she visited him twice more but she was aware he was wracked with guilt even though she told him her husband was cool about it. When he turned her down the next time she had a long chat with Kevin and they agreed she could do some casual dating if she was discrete.

That was that, although she hadn't thought about a baby until they found that Kevin didn't seem to be able to do the job and that was when she'd persuaded him to let her go `bareback' with her lovers until she was pregnant which he did.

It was daft but I sort of thought she'd stopped this dating but when I mentioned about her missing this she shook her head and explained that she'd been back on the pull for the past six months.

Tina then gave me her story about her husband's problems with conception and their growing fascination with the idea of her sleeping with a black man. It was different she explained because her husband actually wanted to see her have sex which after several years of debate they finally did and never looked back. Eventually they'd agreed she could take a black boyfriend but only if Sam got to see them together.

She said that was harder than you would have thought but when she met Titus, her current boyfriend he was happy for her husband seeing them having sex and in fact he got a kick out of mauling and using her in front of him. She admitted it was Titus who wanted her to bear his child but when she'd mentioned it to Sam he was cool about it and even organised a weekend away during which she was meant to get pregnant. It didn't work out that way but she got pregnant two months later.

We had a couple of drinks while they went on about how great the sex was and then we went off the subject talking about films and music. I got home around ten thirty and Colin got me to tell him about it and what it might mean for our chances so I gave him an outline of the group and a brief on the general discussion.

"Why did she ask you to get involved in that group?"

"I think it's obvious, she wants me to realise how it affects you when you have a black baby. All of the women have faced some form of prejudice and problems with friends, to be frank we'd face quite a bit of this if we go ahead."

Colin argued for a while but had to agree that if we were genuine about the adoption we had to accept some of it would come our way or forever be apologists for the child.

I went back the following week when there were further conversations about family issues and problems with husbands. I tried to imagine how it would be when we had a black baby and began to understand just how much prejudice and back-chat we'd have to face. That evening we had another drink and chatted about nothing much but it was fun. Of course I'd never mentioned the adoption so the girls still thought in their words that I was `black curious' and with Colin's problem it was also a solution to our need for a family.

The third week was a little embarrassing when the facilitator announced that the topic would be happier that week then went on to get each girl to discuss how good the sex was with their black partner. I sat as one after another they talked about how much bigger and harder they were and how they (all it seemed) had multiple orgasms and even how they all climaxed when their black lovers ejaculated inside them for the first time.

I was still glowing with embarrassment when we went to the pub and Helen noticed.

"Made you feel a bit uncomfortable tonight?" She teased.

"No... well maybe a little."

"Hope we've shown you why you have to do it with a black guy especially if you want that baby your husband can't give you." She added. "So are you still keen?"

"Err... yes we still want a black baby." I replied feeling put on the spot again.

"Then we can help you." She said laughing. "I've spoken to Tina and we've got some guys lined up who will do the job and hit the spot when you're ready!"

"Thanks." I said trying not to blush but failing.

Helen returned with the drinks and we chatted about general stuff for a while until she brought the subject back to me. "So girl, are you still going to do the deed? I mean you've been with us for three weeks now, you know how much fun you'll have and the consequences! Have we put you off or turned you on?"

"Turned her on!" Tina answered for me. "While you were at the bar she told me she wants that black baby."

"You won't regret it and as you know the pleasures in the making. I'd suggest you actually do it with rubbers for six months just so you can really have fun otherwise it might be all over with in a couple of weeks and to be honest once you get to this," she patted Tina's lump which was quite noticeable that night under her top, "they guys begin to dry up, unless you go for the boyfriend approach."

"They dry up even then!" Tina said.

"No!" Helen responded. "You mean Titus is history?"

"Not quite but he's not quite as frequent as he was, guess he did what he wanted to do and is moving on. Knew he would and it doesn't bother me except I will miss the sex."

"I can help you there girl, I must have shagged a dozen blokes in the past few weeks, seems having a baby has got me so horny that I can't get enough!" She chuckled then seeing my face she smiled. "Plenty to go around!"

I tried to seem relaxed about the conversation but was saved by Tina who shook her head and rubbed her stomach. "Actually I'm cool about the drop in sex besides my husband can still help me there, no I was thinking about after."

"I was doing other guys until month eight!" Helen responded.

"Ugh! No thank you!" Tina chipped back and we moved onto TV shows.

Two weeks later one of the pregnant women was leaving the group as she was going to stay at her mothers until the baby came so we held a small party for her. It was now late spring so we decided to meet on a Saturday at a nice park where we had a picnic lunch and gave her presents for the baby.

It was a lovely day and nice to feel the warm sun although because of this and the fact I wore no sunscreen my bare shoulders began to get a little red. Tina who had the foresight to put some on before venturing out lent me her cardigan but it was a bit too late and I felt the warmth emanating from them.

Most of the girls were only able to stay for a short while so that left Helen, Tina, Ruth and Cass, our facilitator. I was by now also getting burnt calves so Helen suggested we go back to her house so Ruth and I could get some shade. Helen was wearing a really skimpy dress and while she'd also lathered up added that she would also burn if we were there any longer.

I followed her in my car after being coerced by the group not to leave and we pulled up outside row of houses which while small all had a patch of garden out back. We went in to be greeted by her husband who seemed particularly intimidated by us. It was then I got to see Helen's son who I had to admit was gorgeous if surprisingly dark skinned. We got a bottle of wine then sat under an umbrella in the garden chatting as I was presented with the baby to look after.

Kevin buzzed about getting us more drinks and nibbles, not that we were hungry, and being genuinely attentive. I finally went and put down the baby in its cot when it dropped off to sleep in my lap, as Helen stood next to me she said in a low voice. "Ready to have one of your own?"

I almost wanted to blurt out that I'd love to but Cass was going to decide that but instead I just nodded and suddenly began to cry. In an instant Helen held me as I sobbed and sobbed. "Look girl you really want this don't you?"

"Yes, very much." I tried to regain my composure.

"I'll share a secret, Cass told me about your little plight and frankly I'm surprised you haven't gone the route we have."

"I... it's complicated. I love Colin and something like that would ruin our marriage."

"Rubbish! Firstly he doesn't even have to know. What you do is speak to Cass and she can sort something."

"I don't see how?"

"Listen, you want a family and you've already said to us that two or three would be lovely, will this is your chance as Cass can fix it so Colin genuinely won't know. He will be thrilled and your family will be happy since Cass will let them think it all happened in a clinic rather than the natural way and you will find what we've said the past weeks is true and you'll have fun."

I shook my head but Helen ignored me and said that I'd feel differently soon. She got me to dry my red eyes then noticed my shoulders and insisted she put after-sun on them. We went into her bedroom and she tugged down my dress then applied the lotion to my neck shoulders and back. As she did so she spilled it all over the dress which was bunched about my breasts.

"Shit!" She exclaimed then insisted she wipe it off which she tried to do but the greasy stain got larger. "Fuck it! Look have one of mine for now and I'll wash it."

I protested but she was insistent and eventually I gave in and she took it away throwing me one of hers as she went. The dress was a little tight being a size too small but it still fitted only it was really short and I felt very exposed since it only came down a few inches below my knickers.

When I returned to the girls made mock whistles to me before I sat and drank my wine. Despite myself I was coerced into drinking quite a bit as Tina volunteered to drop me home. Helen actually took a couple of shots of me as I sat showing my underwear and we giggled at them. So the afternoon continued until Helen suggested we watch something. I then said I should go but Tina said no let's stay so after a short debate I gave in and we did.

Once in the main room Helen drew the curtains and put on a DVD. As it started I realised what it was and looked nervously around but the others were fixed on the TV. The film was basically a sex tape with a woman and a man engaged in making love only of course she was white and he was big and black.

The film showed in graphic detail the penetration and everything else that followed including her soiled sex after. He was very big and she seemed to enjoy it a lot and when he asked her she said in a quiet voice he was the best.

So here I was getting wet watching interracial sex and when the first tape was followed by a second I was embarrassed to see Helen and Tina both playing with themselves openly. Ruth glanced at me then with a wink started to caress her sex and I felt left out as Cass joined them.

I rubbed my thighs together then thought what-the-hell and put my hand to my damp sex and proceeded to finger my clit through the thin material of my knickers. Soon all the others had removed their underwear and Cass urged me to do likewise which after a pause I did.

Now I suppose I can blame the video, the wine or maybe just the continual drip-feed from the girls over the past weeks but when Helen said "Sod this!" and disappeared to return telling us that company would be with us in seconds I didn't run just stopped what I was doing and looked at Cass in alarm.

"It's OK Gail, be cool and it will turn out to be the best thing you've ever done." I shook my head. "If you're too scared to go through with it just say so and it will be fine.

I went to reply but there was a knock on the door, `bloody hell that was quick!' I though and looked for my knickers but couldn't find them. So as I bolted for the bathroom five large black guys entered the house blocking my exit and I backed into the other room. I had nowhere to go so tried to keep out of the way as most of the guys entered with only one staying in the hallway.

It was like some porn movie: without even a pause the men went to a women then began to make out, even the pregnant Tina. The fifth guy came over to me but stopped when he saw me recoil, he actually looked hurt.

"If you don't want to then it's ok." He said and I shook my head so he went back to the doorway. I was forced to stand in the room and watch as the men tore off their clothes and one by one they buried their cocks into the willing women. Helen's lover was huge but she took him easily then as I watched she locked eyes with me and mouthed `go for it girl' but I again shook my head.

I noticed Kevin looking on from the kitchen doorway, cock in hand as his wife begged the man to fuck her hard and then Tina gave a yell as she came. Ruth was almost silent except she was clinging onto the guy seemingly determined to get the whole of him inside her.

It was the most erotic sight I'd ever seem and it was so hard to avoid getting aroused again which I did as I saw Helen climax swift followed by Cass. The man was next to me again and whispered that he could help me but I said no once more only this time he stayed were he was. God it was so hard to resist!

Then as the scene continued and Ruth shuddered to an orgasm the guy got bold and pushed behind me wrapping his arms about my body his hand finding my wet bare sex immediately. In all of five seconds my resistance went as his fingers opened my very wet lips. I simply let him play with me as I knew I was going to climax swiftly only he withdrew his hand leaving me humping nothing.

I waited hoping it would return but then I felt something else and as I turned to look he pulled me close and tried to kiss me. I avoided his mouth but felt his large freed cock pushing against my stomach, it was then his hand parted my sex again.

"Oh Christ!" I remember saying as it happened, without a pause he bent his legs and his cock went in a couple of inches. I actually shuddered as he began to straighten his legs forcing his rock hard manhood deeper inside me. I was now helpless and just held his shoulders and his cock filled me as deep at I'd ever had before then began to reach uncharted depths.

I was unaware of the others but they had apparently moved or stopped so the man steered us to the sofa where I laid back as his cock pushing really deep. I groaned as he began to stroke in and out and at that point I realised I was being unfaithful. It was far too late to do anything about it and his massive cock continued to drive deeper and deeper stretching and filing me until he was fully inside me and I climaxed.

The sensation was incredible, he was both rock hard and so large that my sex was almost unable to contract as the orgasm hit me yet this simply made it all the more intense and that was when I let out a yell. I'm not vocal during sex but I simply couldn't stop myself. I continued to shake as my body convulsed through the most intense sexual experience of my life.

Without seeming to notice the man withdrew almost totally then pushed back and I let out a grunt, and again, and again. Before long he was into a steady strong rhythm which made me grunt each thrust and gasp as he pulled out and then I realised I was heading for another simply huge climax which was building deep within me. "Oh, OH Christ' I said urging him into me.
 
As I got more insistent I felt him move faster and just before it hit me I felt him cum inside me. The orgasm that hit was beyond words multiplied by the feeling of his cock twitching as it pumped black seed into my married unprotected womb. The spasm I had was too marked at that point I gave a cry and locked my legs about him.

I saw Cass taking my picture and giving me a thumbs up but after that I think I passed out or so it seemed because I can remember much until I was being helped to my feet and found my way up to the bedroom where I was laid down and it started again.

Now I have to admit I simply lay still as a man sucked my nipples and softly kiss/bit my neck until I felt myself tingling and that was when I kissed him for the first time almost without thinking. He moved over me and I felt his large cock pushing through my puffy lips and into me.

We were locked together like this for what seemed like ages, he was barely moving and I was content to feel his monster caress the folds of my sex as I slowly became more and more aroused.

 Then he started to have sex with me and it was as he pulled away to get better leverage I realised it was a different man from the first one. For a second I stopped but the feeling was too good and I succumbed and let him take me as well. The sex built to a climax, me reaching it with another yell as my whole body rippled, toes curling as a wonderful state crept over me. I was having sex with a black man who I didn't know and hadn't even spoken to, he was deep in my unprotected body and at that moment my only though was this was the best sex of my life my a country mile. I would happily keep him inside me all night if I could feel this much pleasure.

Then, as I bathed in the hedonism of the event, he got faster and climaxed, his ejaculation hitting my cervix and triggering another huge orgasm. I was still riding the waves of pleasure when he got off and a third man appeared.

I should have called a halt but I couldn't and as he got on me I simply folded my legs about him and let him take me like the others. It was so erotic and so base I found I was in a permanent state of arousal so after he came in me I welcomed the next man and then the fifth. He lay on me after it was over and I kissed his lips and felt like purring.

Reluctantly I let him go and lay exhausted on the bed as he slipped out of the room. 

"So you've finally done it, well done!" Cass crowed, coming and looking over my well used body. "Now listen, if this results in you getting pregnant I can help you. All we need to do is talk to your husband about a donor egg programme then you have the perfect cover story. We can do this as often as you like which means the best sex of your life and the ideal way to have that larger family you want. You see if you produce a black baby it will be easy to persuade the committee that you should be allowed to adopt another."

I didn't know what to say because I was beginning to come down from the high and was now feeling guilty but sensing this she pulled me to my feet and presented me with my knickers and suggested I come back down. I was awash with cum but followed her then stood embarrassed as she introduced me to the men.

Almost everyone then departed leaving Tina and Titus to take me home once my dress, which had been washed, dried properly. I slowly relaxed and sat with a grin on my face as Helen let me know that the guys had actually been waiting for her signal to come and party. What really surprised me was how comfortable Kevin was about Helen's sexual activity, happy for her to sit on his lap and cuddle despite her bare sex still leaking cum over his shorts. It was about an hour later when I was given a lift home to face the music. In all that time I'd sat with the cum pooling in my saturated knickers so Helen lent me a pair before I went.

As I dressed she said she'd noticed that I kept looking at her pussy so I explained why and she laughed. "Girl Kevin knows I love black men and never do it with anything, I guess you found out yourself today that those guys cum so hard the feeling is out of this world. It sounds cruel but I like him to witness my men shooting their seed in me and want him to see the results after. It actually turns me on a little dropping their slime about the place especially if it's on him. I once fucked a couple of guys at a party then sat on his lap until he was heavily stained with their seed then insisted we went dancing!  Recently I've tried to persuade him to eat me out but he keeps telling me its too gross, however give me a few more weeks and he'll be snacking most nights!"

I could see she was totally into the lifestyle and I guess Kevin was as well as he seemed more than happy to put up with her activities. I could now understand why, given the unbelievable sex I'd just enjoyed but I knew Colin would not only be devastated if he discovered what had happened but that it would be the end of my marriage and he was the love of my life.

Of course when I got home I had a shower to rid myself of the mess that was coating me again then tried not to dwell on what had occurred. I should have felt guilty but strangely enough I didn't; the sex had been so good that I found it impossible to blame myself for such pleasure but I was worried that I would let it happen again soon and that road eventually led to Tina's lifestyle and possible if I got too immersed Helen's!

A few days later Cass called to ask if I wanted her to sell the excuse to Colin and despite my misgivings I said yes please. She visited the next day and explained how she had got us on an egg donor programme but added that nearly all of the donors were black. Actually Colin was delighted and said he didn't care less so Cass left happy and I mused over what might happen now as I'd practically agreed to opening my legs again to a black man.

It was Titus who I next slept with; Tina asked me out for a drink the following Tuesday and when I arrived at the pub there she was with Sam, her husband and Titus who stood as I approached looking at me with undiluted lust. We sat drinking for barely thirty minutes before Tina suggested that we go back to her place for another drink.

It was very contrived and actually Titus said no then bluntly suggested he show me his place and after some hesitation I thought `what the hell' as I knew once Cass had given Colin the excuse I was going to have further interracial sex. I left in my car following silently we drove in convoy to the flat, once inside he grabbed me and it began.

I knew from Tina that Titus was both aggressive and demanding and so it proved. Within minutes he had me stripped and pushed my head to his cock which was just as she'd claimed; namely huge. I did my best for a few minutes then I was on my back as he began to work it inside me. Now my first climax actually lasted only seconds as he was too rough and he forced himself in too quickly. The discomfort only lasted a short while but he was so insistent that for the next ten minutes I had to put up with it as he didn't seem to care about me at all.

Slowly I became looser and wetter and then as his cock hammered into me the obscenities began:

"You cock-sucking bitch. You fuck white slut. Nigger lover." Or very similar was his opening line followed by calling me a married white slut and a cheap whore. Of course before long I was having my first climax and as I did he growled into my ear that he was going to ruin me like he had Tina and that my pussy (he called it a cunt) would be like a gaping tunnel after tonight.

Now once again despite the initial disgust at his crudeness and general arrogance I was soon helplessly bucking under him as I approached my second orgasm and then when he sensed I was almost there he pulled out leaving me high and dry. He looked at me then got me to ask him to put it back in.

"Slut beg for it!"

I paused then said in probably the most sexual voice I could.

"Put your cock back in my pussy".

"I said beg!"

God, I thought, I was becoming like Helen as i felt my body respond to his words.

"Please, please err... fuck me!"

"What bitch?" he teased touching me with his cock then pulling away.

"Oh for God's sake fuck me with your black cock, please stick it in me."

"Tell me why."

"Because... because I love it!"

"What bitch?"

This was so frustrating and yet erotic, he was playing me like an instrument and I was letting him.

"I want you to stuff your big black cock in my pussy and fuck me as hard as you can. I love it fucking me and... and don't want it to stop!"

With that he slammed it back I and hammered at me again causing me to groan with pleasure.

"You love my cock don't you bitch!"

"Yes!"

"You love black cock in your married pussy don't you."

"Yes"

"What?" He paused so I grabbed his rear fucking at him hard.

"I love feeling your black cock deep in my married pussy."

"And you want me to drop my jizz in your cunt?"

"Yes... I want you to cum in me."

"What?"

"I want you to fuck me hard and shoot your seed in my white slut cunt, I want you to spray your baby batter deep in my womb and knock me up. I want you to fuck a baby into me. Give me a black bastard, breed me, make me your slut whore. Fuck me until I can't move!" I had a huge orgasm at this point and like the previous week I became disconnected from the action for a while although Titus continued to bang away at me.

It was probably several minutes before I was fully with it and then I was aware that my body was already building towards a climax albeit some distance off. Titus paused to move me onto all fours then began again and the obscenities recommenced as well.

"You like being taken like a dog on heat!"

"Yes... I love you using me like a dog."

"My married white breeding bitch! Do you know how many white cunts I've destroyed? Seventeen! I've turned seventeen lily-white bitches into cock crazy whores and when I've finished with you you'll be like all the others, a slut who can't get enough of my black meat between her white thighs. Your husband won't feel you after tonight and by the end of the month only my cock will be able to please you. Now ask me to breed you!"

"Fuck a baby in me! Breed me, knock me up." I responded dutifully. I hated him and loved him as well as I now raced to yet another climax. "Fill me with your seed."

"You want to go home tonight with my baby juice baking in you married hole don't you."

"Yes... cum deep."

"When you hold your husband think of tonight and how good you feel as I fuck a baby in you. Now beg me to breed you!"

"Fuck me and put your baby inside my slutty cunt. Knock me up like I deserve, screw me like a dog, I am on heat I need breeding I need your nigger cum in my unprotected married womb. Give me it please, please seed me!" I was almost shocked at myself for being so crude but I was caught up in the moment and could feel he was close.

"Yea!" he yelled and then "Take it you cunt" and he exploded in me. I felt his cock jerking as he emptied his balls in me and this kicked me into another orgasm and I had to yell as well as my pussy spasm.

It was over and I lay trying to regain some composure as I heard Titus in the shower. It was hard to even move but finally I grew a little cold, as my sweat dried and staggered to my feet and headed for the bathroom.

"No bitch!" Titus said stopping me. "You have my scent on you so go home and be proud that you've been conquered by a real man."

I knew there was no way he would let me in so I simply returned and got dressed his cum now coating my thighs. I grabbed some kitchen tissue on my way out and paused to wipe up the excess then left for home.

I was in complete turmoil; the sex was simply fantastic and thanks to Cass I was covered if and when I got pregnant however I was siding down the slow road to complete debasement. Titus had me saying things I'd never said or even though before but yet as I drove home I actually got excited thinking about the mess I was taking home with me.

I loved Colin with all my heart and the last thing I wanted was to hurt him yet I knew I would let Titus take me again and I was certain his demands would simply get more and more extreme.

The following day I pitched up at the Wednesday meeting almost hoping Helen and the others had plans for me. I actually wore a thin summer dress and thong in anticipation and from the outset Cass let everyone know I was now `officially a black cock girl' to which I got congrats and some knowing looks. At the end of the meeting Helen steered me to the pub as before only this time there were a couple of black guys waiting for us.

Needless to say I was at an unknown apartment inside the hour and that was when, with Helen's approval both men took turns with me. Now I'd had sex with five men one after another but not this. I had one at each end on and off although they both saved their cum for my pussy but unlike before they kept going in turns until it was late into the night and both men had climaxed three times each.

Helen had kindly phoned Colin to say I had had a bit too much to drink and was throwing up so she was going to pack me off to bed and I could get home in the morning. Colin was fine about this which saved me stumbling home at three in the morning reeking of cum and sweat.

Of course it meant they both wanted morning seconds and in the end I had to phone in sick for work as they simply wouldn't stop. I finally got home around eleven and stood looking at myself in the bedroom mirror appalled at what I'd become:

My hair was a mess my makeup smeared over my face and dress was creased to fuck with a damp patch where I'd leaked on the way home. I looked as I was, basically a complete slut.
Titus visited me when Colin was out that Friday and he fucked me for nearly two hours. He got me to ride him, beg him to breed me and promised he could use `my whore body' whenever he wanted. He also made me stand against our patio doors naked as he screwed me from behind my body pressed against the glass knowing that the neighbours at the back would probably see me.

He was still having sex with me when Colin got home but thankfully he went to the kitchen first while his wife was still being fucked. To my everlasting shame Titus came in me at that point whispering it was a present for my husband. Thankfully he let me go so I could grab a towel to wipe up the cum that was on me and the bed-sheets which I now had no time to change.

Because Colin was quite drunk when he came into our bedroom to find me lying naked in bed (just) still wet with sweat and the room high with the scent of sex he didn't do anything except plant a big kiss on my lips and trot to the bathroom.

Titus slipped out as he had a pee but then when my husband returned and became amorous I didn't know what to do. I was not only very loose I was dripping with another man's sperm and worse I felt as horny as hell. Colin seemed to think I'd been playing with myself and it was hard to say no to this when I was lying like this with my nipples stiff and clearly aroused.

I went down on him as I dug my fingers in myself trying to remove as much of the slime as I could. The towel was still in the bed so I dropped it between my legs as I frigged my pussy frantically working to save my marriage. I guess I did a good job because not only did the mess mostly disappear Colin stopped me and said he wanted to have sex.

I though about getting on top but realised that gravity would work against me so I dragged him close saying that I'd been feeling hot for ages but couldn't wait. I then added that if he had been ten minutes later I'd have brought myself off and been asleep.

Now this is the really, really weird part: Colin slid in so easily I felt like crying but he just said `wow' and called me one eager woman. I used my muscles to milk his cock and he was happy especially since I was so enthusiastic. Suddenly he pulled out and before I could say anything he went down on me.

The feeling was out of this world. I was dirty with my lovers cum and yet he stopped to say I was as wet as he could remember and loved the way I tasted. It was so wrong but this act drove me to a quick and very major orgasm.

I begged him to stop and fuck me but he wouldn't and before long I was moving to yet another orgasm. Then he stopped and put his small cock inside me and I worked hard to get us both off as we kissed. It was daft but I swear I could taste Titus on his breath which made me hit my climax in seconds, thankfully Colin was close behind.

God it was dreadful but when Colin suggested since I'd got so much from his tongue bath that he'd do it more often especially as he loved the way I tasted I simply said yes I'd like that a lot.

So for the next four weeks Titus fucked me most days after work and Colin sucked me clean. At first I removed as much of the cum as I could but over time Colin though I was simply secreting more so I left a little more in me. Finally one Friday night Titus left his seed in me just before Colin appeared and twenty minutes later he was sucking the whole lot out of me.

At first I lay still half expecting to have to deny having had sex with someone else but Colin just said `Christ, your one hot woman tonight!" and got to work. I actually stopped him midway through so I could taste my lovers cum off my husband's lips and felt such a bitch when I pushed him back down and asked him to finish his meal. He made me cum easily and I let him cum in me as well once he'd rattled around my very loose pussy. 

After that I let myself become a complete slut. I would fuck Titus at the drop of a hat and knowing that it was hard for me to get pregnant fully expected the sex to last for a long time. Colin dutifully sucked the cum from me several night a week without any realisation it wasn't my secretions and once I even had a double dose as I'd been at Helen's and taken two men several times although I guess quite a bit of it had been lost by the time I pushed Colin's head between my legs.

I didn't think it was going to happen so quickly and was shocked when I missed my period after barely two months of sex so I had to tell Cass to help me out.

Colin was thrilled but would have been less so had he known how the child had been conceived. So we told everyone that I'd had a fertilised donor egg implanted (Cass had arranged for a nurse friend of hers to pretend to book me into a hospital room and then Cass took my husband to lunch returning to pick me up from the waiting area in the foyer two hours later.)

I wanted the baby so much I refused any form of sexual contact in case it caused me to lose it and after a few weeks the lust subsided and by the time I was six months it was the last thing I would have contemplated.

Cass was true to her word and once the baby appeared she worked hard for us to adopt another which we did a year later. Colin loves his family and we are very happy although I must confess that I still fantasise about the sex and cum presents I gave Colin.

I kept in touch with Tina and Cass although Helen and Kevin moved to Newcastle and I've not seen then since. Tina's baby like mine was beautiful and it is strange to think they have the same father. Titus disappeared from our lives more or less as soon as I got pregnant and I have no idea where he is or what he's doing.

One really great side effect from the pregnancy is my current baby, who is due in a couple of months. It is Colin's and so the doctors tell me is due to having previous childbirth which seeming has altered my body chemistry.

So I'm very grateful to have been black sexed because not only was it the best sexual experience I could have had it paved the way to Colin and my baby.
