i guys I have been following Indian-Stories and I wanna tell u my experiences with none other than my sis Preeti.  Actually she was my cousin. I am Rohit, I was 18 doing's my Bcom First yr in comp. sc. in Delhi. Basically I am from Delhi while she was from Amritsar. She was 15 at that time doing's her school. We are very good friends from childhood and I love her a lot bcos she is very co-operative.I use to go to Amritsar at every possible holidays and we used to spend our time watching movies & talking. It's 1991 May and I have preparation holidays for the final exams. We have to attend a relatives marriage at Amritsar and me and my mom went. That my uncle has to attend a meeting in Bombay and he was out of town.

So me, my mom, mom's sis and Preeti were at home that night. It's damn hot in Amritsar and I was sweating a lot. As there was only 1 AC bedroom in the house my aunt told me to sleep there along with preeti and my mom and aunt will sleep in the children bedroom. My aunt told me to bolt the door as the door has some kind of narrow splits and the room wont cool fast.

There starts the great night. I was wearing a T-Shirt,short and she was wearing a T-Shirt and skirt. I was sleeping next to my sis telling her about ragging. I have the habit of placing my hand on anyone who sleeps next to me and Preeti places her leg. Both of us know this and we are already in that position. I told her about my seniors forcing me to sing, dance, smoke cigarette, fuck Ass, explain first night and show some love positions and all these things. I was a little charged when I saw the sparkle in her eyes when I told her the last part of my ragging. She asked me how I know about the positions and that she was interested in knowing those positions. My cock was almost at its best. She was caressing my hair. Then I assessed the situation for a split second and kissed her on the lips. I kissed her many times before but not on the lips. She smiled at me and her leg on me tightened and told that she is a virgin. I said "I cant stop any more" and I asked her about her periods almost whispering while my hand was making rounds on her nicely shaped butt. She told me that her periods are over a week ago and don't worry about it.

I had no experience in this and as she was new too I don't want to go straight into ripping her panties and fucking her. We kissed passionately for a while and I went on to explore all her body with my mouth. She wasn't wearing any bra but she was wearing some Kind of banian that girls wear and she was trembling a little when I pressed her boobs. I slowly removed her T-Shirt and her inner clothing and started making circles with my tongue round her boobs. I waited till her nipples became rock hard and started sucking them. She was on my left side and my left hand went under her body and reached her butt and I moved my right hand round her belly hesitating to enter the panty. I bit her nipple and she screamed a little and that very moment my hand entered her panty. I played with her bush a little and reached out her pussy which was hot by now. I fingered for a while as I know that its not going to be easy to fuck this tight virgin pussy.

I asked her if she wants to undress me and I slowly removed her panty with my left hand on her butt and my right on the pussy. She took off my T-Shirt and looking at me without knowing whether to remove my short or not. I told her to touch my cock. She kept her left hand on my short. I took her right hand and placed in my shorts. She removed my short and saw my cock and said awesome. I became desperate and I spread her legs and tried entering her pussy. It's damn difficult than I thought. I kissed her pussy lips and started sucking her pussy so hard that I thought somebody would wake up for the sound of her moans. She came in a few minutes. It felt so good tasting her pussy juices. I kissed her on her face and on her boobs. Meanwhile I was laying the foundation to enter her fort by fingering her with one finger, two, three. She was breathing hard with excitement and she was sweating. I kissed her on forehead and told her that I am not goanna hurt her. She smiled at me and kissed back. I entered my cock slowly and neatly. Her pussy was still tight but I could enter my cock to some extent. I started fucking her and showed her how to move her but to get the maximum pain and pleasure in fucking. She tightened her legs around my hip and I slowly entered my 5 1/2 inch cock completely and once I was in I rammed her pussy like anything. She grabbed my hair and pressed my head on her boobs. I was fucking and sucking and she was yelling me Rohit. I was about to come, I took my cock out and I showered it on her belly and boobs and asked her to lick it clean.

She got very angry and went away to clean it in the bathroom. I went to the bathroom to apologize and she was washing her face in the wash basin naked. I got hard again at seeing her round butt. I stood behind her and moved my cock touching her butt. God it felt soooooo good. I kissed her back and I know that feeling. She is ready for it again. I took her to the bed and told her the doggy position and positioned her in a way that her butt was towards the dressing table mirror. I asked her to suck my dick and she didn't agree. I forced my cock into her mouth and she liked the way its growing in her mouth. All the time I was looking at her butt in the mirror and I couldn't stop. I went behind her and giving the fuck of her life. I was kicking her butt so hard that they were changing to red. I reached her hanging boobs and squeezed them hardly. I came in her pussy this time and she felt the flow of my cum inside her. I showed her 69 position, side to side fucking positions, etc.. We talked for a while and we don't know when we slept.

In the morning our mom's were knocking the door and we were sleeping here hugging each other passionately. She woke up first and kissed me and opened the door as if nothing happened. It was already 9 and that we slept at 10 in the night. Preeti was telling them that I started telling her about ragging. I was still sleeping but I was able to hear what she was saying. Suddenly I got up and she was smiling at me. I still have to tell u guys more about Preeti and the bath we took together.

Buy for now. If anyone is interested I don't mind coming to their place and teach them fucking lessons. Contact me at rohit_khanna69@hotmail.com or rohit_khanna69@yahoo.com

T