Hi, friends I m Rahul. I live with my mom and sis Anita and swati. My dad works abroad and comes once in two years. We had gone for shopping we bought clothes for us all had to. Didi and Mom buy under garments so we entered a shop mom and didi asked for a pair of bras and panties. The shopkeeper asked them for their size of their bra didi and mom answered 36d 40d the shopkeeper told them there are no such big sizes bra so they took their panties and left the shop after hearing their breast size I became horny and from that day I used think about their breast size and masturbate.
Let me introduce them to u. Anita (46yrs) is a house wife with 40d cup size breasts and a well maintained figure 38-26-38. she is wheatish in colour.Swati(22yrs) is S.S.C failure three times. She could not get admission any of the colleges so she left studies and help mom in the house hold works. She has 38d cup breasts she is wheatish in color. I m 19yrs old boy who loves sex. I m in the 12th standard I had failed in my first prelims very badly .Mom and didi had lot of plans for me further so they promised me to give a gift which I will never forget for my lifetime I knew that they never give false promises so I worked very hard and acquired 63percent.Mom and didi were very happy with my success. So that day after my result I came running home. I asked them for the gift they just smiled among themselves. That day both mom and didi had wore a deep neck transparent blouse. While talking I could see their cleavages clearly and my rod had become hard rock. I went and changed in my shorts. Mom told me to close my eyes and tied my eyes with a black cloth.
I could see a little what they were doing Mom was removing niki's clothes she removed her bra and panty her breasts were huge now mom told me "beta tere didi ne ek juice banaiya aur aap ko yeh chusna hein." they threw me on the bed didi opened her legs wide open. I had never saw any lady pussy so close mom too removed her clothes they thought I was blind folded mom started fingering niki pussy niki brought it very close to my mouth. I started licking her pussy clean after this mom too gave me to taste her pussy after the session they put on their clothes and dressed up. mom asked me "rahul which juice was better" I told them both were tasty and I wanted it every day. They agreed as it was my holidays We planned to go for a picnic on to the beach and stayed overnight. "Swati, please remove you brother's shorts...and underwear, if he's wearing any." Swati looked at Mom. "Swati, dear, did you hear me? I said 'please remove your brother's shorts and underwear!'" Well, I had on a pair of swim trunks, and no underwear, and the thought of what was happening was actually starting to get me excited again, so the baggy shorts were beginning to tent in the center. Swati, with trembling hands, slipped her fingers in the waistband, and suddenly yanked them down to my ankles.
My semi-erect cock stood out (but not up), and Mom and Swati definitely stared at it. "Very nice, now Rahul," Mom said, "please come over here and lie across my lap!" I walked over to her, and got down on my knees, and lay across her lap, exposing my bare backside to Anita and Swati. Mom rested her hand on my muscular rear end for just a moment, and then I felt her body move slightly, and a hard slap on my butt. It stung a little, but it smacked very loudly. Swati jumped and gasped when she did, but the thing I felt most was a surge of blood into my cock. She firmly slapped my other cheek, and I felt my erection growing, and bumping into Mom's bare legs. I felt the intensity with which Swati was watching my ass as it got smacked. After about ten smacks, Mom let her hand rest on my bottom momentarily.


Then she started rubbing. "SWati, do you think you want a turn?" "Well," she replied, "he's looking rather red, and I here has jumped with every smack, but can't take my eyes off of his rear end, with his balls dangling down...I think maybe its my turn! Rahul, dear, will you please come over here and get your sister ready?" I stood up, my erection firmly "up" now, and swinging with each step. Swati was wearing a one-piece suit, so I knew that the only way to expose her cute ass was to remove the whole suit. I stepped behind her, and gently lifted the straps from her shoulders, slowly peeling the material downward, giving everyone a good view of her young breasts.
From behind, I got the first good view of her ass, as the material moved to reveal the slice between her buns. When I had the suit on the floor, Mom sat down. "Swati, dear, please come over here, and let mom have a look!" Swati moved slowly over, and got on her knees, and leaned over a rock. In this position, her bottom cheeks separated, and gave me (and Mom, too) a good view of her light red pubic hair. Woah! She did have a great ass! mom gently rubbed over my sisters bare cheeks with her hand, and then smacked, pretty hard. When she hit, when let her hand linger for a moment on her skin, setting the spank, and leaving a red hand print on her bone white cheeks. If I had a hard-on before, it was nothing compared to now. I wanted to watch mom do this about twice more, and then I wanted to plunge my stiff member into my sister, from behind. But, I knew that Mom was in charge, so I stood and watched. mom spanked Swati a few more good times, each time rubbing her rear at the end of a smack. After the fourth spank, I noticed that her rubbing was dipping lower, and lingering longer. I also noticed that Swati's ass was wiggling with it, and really getting into the attention. I watched transfixed as mom finger finally dipped into my sister's now wet (again) snatch. mom's nipples were sticking out in the skimpy bikini bra, and my sister's bare ass and cunt were now getting some serious rubbing from my mom's fingers.
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw movement, and noticed my mother moving and spreading towels on the grass beside the pool. I reached over and untied mom's top, and slid it off, squeezing and rubbing her breasts as she went. This was too much! My mother and my sister were now getting hotter and hotter mom motioned for Swati to sit up, and when she did, she immediately kissed her on the mouth, and I watched transfixed as Swati's hand began to knead mom's breasts, and mom hand caressed my sister's smaller ones. When they broke their kiss, and mom stood up, I reached down and slid mom's suit bottom down over her hips, revealing the taut buns of a woman much younger than Swati's actually was. I then turned to my mother, and kissed her hard on the mouth, as my mother's hand's squeezed my sister's fleshy buns. As they kissed, I started pushing the straps of my mother's suit down over her thighs, , giving me my first ever sexual view of my mother's breasts. Trying to forget whose they were, I looked from the perspective of a yong man with a raging hard-on, and noticed how nicely they were formed. Gravity had had its effect, but still they were well formed and she had dark nipples. In my fingers, they quickly stiffened as we two kissed one another with a familiarity that told me that this was not an unusual happening! Watching all of this, I had started to rub my own cock for some relief of the tension. Swati walked over to me, now, and stroked my stiff member, too, and led me over to the towels.