Ch 6  Dev is getting better.


At home we all concentrated on Dev's treatment. It was not that difficult. I invited Dev and mother to my bedroom and allowed my wife to use her shit hole to treat Dev's dick.
Dev: I liked this doctor. He teaches very well. My dick is feeling panicky. Doctor said to hide it from the world. When are we going to start treatment. I think my cock needs to rest in a warm moist place for a while.
Me: We are gonna start soon. But first let me check your cock make sure it is clean. Pooja has never had a cock in her ass and I don't want her to have a dirty cock in her ass. 
Dev came closer to me. Mum helped me examine it.
Dev: my mother used to say I have a cock of a horse. That is why they never circumcised it. And yes it is clean.
I held his cock in my hand. It smelled of urine and sweat. I could also smell saliva that Raveena had earlier rubbed on his dick with her little tongue. I peeled his foreskin back and saw some cheesy material. I thought it was dirty but mum said that this is how real cock should be, so we let him use his dick. Pooja bent over exposing her shit hole. She apologized to Dev for causing him put his massive meat in such a tight hole. Dev accepted her apology. She was on her knees, arms stretched forward so that her chest and face was resting on the bed. Her boobs were pressed on the bed and some of her boob flesh was on display on her sides. I licked her asshole really well and opened it up using my finger and tongue then spit inside and lubricated her inside as well. I wanted to make her shit hole really slippery for Dev's dick. Mum put a lot of saliva on Dev dick head and made it really moist and glistening. Pooja asshole winked a couple of times but then was taken over by Dev's dick. I immediately took my position so that the dick does not invade her pussy by accident. Once the meaty head was in, the rest was easy. Dev continued to pump but I reminded him that he needs to bury his dick deep into my wife's asshole and stay there as long as he could. As I had said before, Pooja has an oddly big ass. Her fatty ass cheeks rippled under the thrusting motions. During the pumping motion some juices started flowing around Dev's dick coming out my wife's asshole. But mum came to help. She licked them, collected in her mouth and took them to my wife where they exchanged saliva. Mum said when these juices will flow down Pooja's mouth into her stomach and further down until it meets Dev dick juices it will have medicinal effect on Dev's ailing dick. I had my eyes on Pooja's pussy. It was being slapped by Dev's big balls and it was getting red. I held Dev's balls in my hands to avoid too much trauma. Then he recalled doctors instructions and slowed down planting his dick deep in the ass and let it stay. The dick started to rest and we all felt relief. The treatment was finally working. Dev said he needed to lick my mum's ass to be able to concentrate which she willingly offered. I was happy to be able to protect my  wife's pussy from this dick of our old servant which had invaded her ass while he was licking my mother's ass. 
We stayed like that for quite a long time; the sun started to rise and so did Dev. He asked for a life size mirror be place in front of Pooja's face. I immediately rushed to get that because I did not want him to think of my wife as a whore. When I place the mirror he stopped licking mother's asshole and held my my wife's face in his strong hand. his thumb on one cheek and rest of the fingers on the other. Then he brought her face close to the mirror. I think he wanted to take a good look at her innocent big eyes. He then ordered her to look into the mirror which she did. The next thing he did was strange for me as the doctor never instructed that. He started licking my wife's face with his old ugly tongue. At the same time he put his hips in motion plunging his cock in and out of Pooja's ass hole. I recalled his saying that my wife's was of his daughter's age. Now I understood his licking my wife's face. He was in fact kissing her but because of the distance couldn't so he relied on just licking.
 I think the treatment was working as he started bad words again. He said he enjoyed fucking a stupid slut ass while licking a mama's ass. He urged mother to wink her ass hole and started to pump faster. He instructed Pooja to squeeze her anal ring around his meaty sausage. Then he growled like a wolf and emptied his dick juice inside my wife's ass. He slowly eased his dick out and forced me and mother to look into the gaping ass. I looked at my wife's tunnel which had accommodated this old dick most of the night. It was getting filled with gooey stuff. Then it bubbled and some spermy mess spread around the rim of her ass. But Dev was quick. He mopped all that with his dick and one more time pushed it deep into her ass calling my wife a slut and ordering her to keep his cum inside her ass. Finally he took his lumpy meat out and fed it to my wife. I was happy that he was fulfilling his part of the agreement and feeding the dick meat to my wife as agreed. While she was feeding on the servant dick I planted my tongue on her asshole as it was still gaping and I was afraid that the cum might spill out. I thought it would help with lubrication the next time. 
Later that day my wife reported that she felt raw and sore in her ass for which I helped her with abundant lubrication using my saliva.
Things then became a routine. Mother bought herself a ranch and spent most of the mornings over there. She said she wanted to raise new dog breeds. She also hired a few low level workers. Raveena used to play and run around in the house. I used to read books and do research on miscellaneous topics. Pooja used to supervise Dev doing chores. In our schedules we always made sure to allow Dev enough time so he could probe Pooja's ass with his cock and then lay it there buried for its psychological rest. Usually in the evenings, Pooja would sit on a barstool on the kitchen counter with her bare ass exposed and hanging beyond the edge of the stool. I would lick Pooja' s ass well while mommy would lick Dev's dick head. Then Dev would come over and shove his moist dick into my wife's ass sticking beyond the stool. After a few pumping actions, he would then let his dick stay buried in the ass. After I would assure that the cock was well planted and gripped in my wife's ass, I would come around and sit on the other side of the counter to talk to my wife. Mother would sit in the adjacent family room sofa while Raveena played with her toys. During this time I would go through routine bills etc while Pooja talked to me. One such evening:
Pooja: I think Dev's cock is getting better.
Me, looking at my wife in front of me across the counter knowing that our servant Dev's prick is probing her bowels an d seeing poor Dev trying to stay motionless licking my wife's neck and breathing heavily on her, I said, " that is good; tell us more."
Pooja: Well, before it was hard to make him stop the pumping. Now he can stay longer like this enjoying the warmth of my anal canal. He has more control now. I can feel his dick head swabbing the inside of my bowels trying to mix his dick spunk with my rectal juices.
Mother: That is very good indeed. Dev, seems to have all the qualities and he can stay over servant lifelong.
Me: Pooja, I just want to make sure that your remain very helpful in his treatment.
Pooja: Oh yes, I am. When he gives me a hint, I start constricting my asshole sphincter around his cock to milk more spunk out of it so it can be released in me. I also open my mouth so he can spit in it. First his saliva was smelly but now I am used to it. I then swallow his saliva to make my juices better for him.
Pooja seemed to pause. Dev started squeezing her boobs and said, "take it in your ass my slut. Tighten your sphincter. Fuck you bitch," Then he said, : I am sorry, my mind is going astray; please come help me. Raveena please come my baby squeeze my balls."
Raveena knew what to do. She came running. With Pooja on the bar stool and Dev behind her with his two feet placed on two adjacent barstools, his heavy balls were hanging freely. Raveena came over and cupped his heavy balls then pulled and rubbed them and then started licking and biting them to remind our servant that my wife was not her slut. Mother came to help as well. She climbed on the counter. Now she was between me and my wife facing her and Dev with her ass towards me. She was on her two feet sitting. Her bare bottom was big and slightly sagging. She started kissing Dev and sucking on his tongue and instructed me to hold her bums as it was hard for her to stay on her two feet for so long. I attended to my sonly duties and held her fatty butt cheeks. I did not want to but doing so caused her butt cheeks to be spread apart exposing her asshole. I could smell her particular scent -- a mix of lustful anal juice and some sweat that has found its way into her natal folds. I so wanted to lick this but this was my mother. I moved as close as I could careful not to breathe over her asshole so she would not notice. My mind was blown away by the exotic smell. Finally Dev announced that he wanted to end this session of treatment. He growled again and asked my mother to turn around so he could lick her ass. Mother complied and he proceeded to devour her ass. I felt so little. What I wanted to do so much but couldn't , my servant did that in no time. He said that he was filling my wife's bowel with his lowly seed. When his body jerked a few times and then relaxed, he asked us to kneel on the floor to see his dick coming out of the ass. I think he wanted to prove to us that he is indeed filling my wife's ass with his sperm as part of the treatment and not merely fucking her. Raveena, me and my mother went around and knelt on the floor and watched as he slowly eased his think brown meaty stick out of my wife asshole. The head came out as a wet plop. My wife's ass was gaping. I was happy with the treatment process. Not only Dev's dick was getting better my wife as having all that dick juice in her ass for free with all its potential beneficial effects. As some of the gooey sperm started to leak out me and mother licked it and put it back into Pooja's ass. Dev held my wife's ass cheeks and held them apart for us to see his cum mixing with her anal secretions. While we were watching this, he climbed the counter and fed my wife his limp dick covered with slimy goo. Pooja licked it eagerly and cleaned it well. She wanted to make sure dick juices go into her both ways. 
We all sat around the fireplace while Dev got busy in his chores. 

