Dev's Big Dick. 

 (kpaxian@rocketmail.com)


Next morning everyone woke up late. Pooja had been asleep all night like a kitten; I did not disturb her as I knew she was very tired after the long journey. In our bedroom Pooja was sitting in the reclining chair gazing through the windows into the backyard while I was reading newspaper.

 Suddenly I saw an uneasiness in her eyes; I followed her gaze and saw our servant Dev in the backyard standing close to a flower bed. He had removed his sarong (piece of cloth used instead of a trouser) and was standing legs comfortably parted. He was holding his dick at its base peeing into the flower bed.  Beyond his fist his dick was hanging further out and down ending at the abundant foreskin which was hanging loose; a forceful stream of piss jetting out. The veins on his dick were shining in the early morning sun. Two heavy balls hanging low in his long and large wrinkly nut sack were jiggling sideways as he was easing himself over the rocks spread around the newly landscaped area.

 Pooja, while holding one end of her long sari (indian dress) ran to the backyard. For the first time I had a good look at her. She was a few inches taller than me and had a slender frame but had a big booty -- a little too big; someone else might even call it oddly big. When she would run her hips sway sideways while jiggling at the same time creating a scene from which you can't take eyes off. I rushed behind her. She ran straight to Dev who was still pissing. "What are you doing Dev? You ruined all the flowers. Tell your pee thing to stop." Dev's pee stream stopped. Pooja held him by his wrist and led him inside. I was following. She continued to talk. "Don't you know flowers are living things and you can't pee on them. Let me show you where to pee. I am sorry if I scared you. Did your pee thing get hurt when you had to stop peeing?" Dev nodded his head in affirmative. With that my wife felt so guilty. She looked at me for help. Then said sorry to Dev and held the base of his dick with her two fingers to help his pain. They were ahead of me. I could see from behind Dev's two heavy balls still jiggling and swaying. Pooja's hips were swaying in harmony as well. 


She led him to our master bath still holding his large beef-stick with her two fingers and stood him by the toilet. "Ok now, pee in this thing. It is called a toilet". Dev wouldn't pee. His dick twitched a couple of times and became semi-hard. "Why are you not peeing now. Tell your big pee thing to start again." She looked at me for help. I went closer and kneeled down. Pooja was already on her knees on the floor. Now she was holding the old man's dick which was now between my and her face. She moved it closer to me asking what to do. I saw the foreskin peeling backward and the big mushroom like head popping out. Pooja looked worried thinking she had hurt his dick. She really wanted to teach him how to pee in a civilized way. Dev said, " Pooja Ji ( Ji is a word indicating respect ), may be if you shake my dick, it might start peeing". Pooja still holding the base of his dick in her two fingers started shaking it side to side. We were not suspecting this but his plum like dick head hit my face then Pooja's while she was waving it. She seemed not to care. She had her eyes focused on pee-hole eagerly waiting for the piss stream.  Dev's dick continued to get slapped on her face. Still looking worried she said, " Look Kapil, it looks like I did something terribly wrong. First he was unable to pee and now the head of his pee thing has grown bigger; the whole thing is hard. It is even twitching. I don't know what to do?" Then she answered herself, "may be if I squeeze his hanging sac the pee would come out". She cued me to hold the 12 inch dick while she started fondling the nut sac. I started rubbing Dev's dick trying to cure it while Pooja was pulling on the nut sac. Then she paused; I saw her carefully palpating her discoveries -- the two balls. She was deeply involved. She held the two balls, then rubbed them together; then held his nut sac towards the top and shook the balls side ways. She continued to fondle his balls in all possible ways she could think of; then took his dick back from my hand and expressed her new idea, " Kapil, can you please piss in the toilet to show him how to pee?" I felt embarrassed deep inside but couldn't say anything. I unzipped my pants and took my penis out. It was about a quarter the size of Dev's. I pulled on my dick a couple of times but it wouldn't get hard. But I did the job; I started peeing right away. Pooja got excited, and started rubbing Dev's cock more forcefully and encouraging him at the same time, " look Dev, look look; this is how you pee in a toilet. See how your boss is doing. Come on, you can do it. I am sorry I caused all this trouble for you. I am sorry.". Poor Dev; I felt sorry for him too. For no fault of his he had to go through all this. Then he said, " Pooja ji if you don't mind can I say something."  "yes of course". " Pooja ji, you rubbed my dick so much it has gotten dry. Can you please spit on it." My wife immediately responded and started spitting along the length of his dick, then rubbing her spit all over it. But it would get dry again, so she started rubbing it with her tongue instead of her hands. I was impressed with her talents. I thought not only she is so caring and giving she also seemed to have natural nursing skills. My wife's ideas seemed to be working. Dev's started to growl and encouraged my wife to continue licking his dick. Then he surprised me when he started saying bad words for my wife. I don''t know why. She was helping him but he said things like she was a dick sucking slut, a whore and a bitch to be fucked. He even said he would fuck her in her ass. I think he momentarily became delirious because of pain or something. Then he held my wife from her hair and directed her mouth so she could also wet his nut sack. She eagerly started sucking his balls holding each one between her lips and pulling down until it would pop out. Then suddenly he howled like a mad man and thick ropes of dick juice started coming out of his pee hole and landed in the toilet. He continued to express his desire to fuck my wife in her ass. After that he seemed to calm down and came to his senses. My wife was finally happy to have cured him. We left him there with instructions for chores around the house and proceeded to kitchen to get some breakfast.

