mami fucked me 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hii readers, this is vivek and I have come up with yet another of my adventures and this time it involves my mami(maternal aunt) suman and me.
My mami got married a couple of years ago and I had set my eyes on her at that time itself. She had a perfect body. Two bulky boobs, a couple of wide round ass which moved quite distinctly when she walked. Her body had dips and curves at the right places and hence it was natural for my lund to salute her whenever she came near me. During the first year of her marriage, I frequently visited her just to look at her and feel her from my eyes. I was desperate to fuck her and was waiting for the right opportunity. 
But as time passed I began to lose interest in her as after having a couple of babies from my uncle , her boobs sagged , asses grew out of proportion and she had put on a lot of weight.now she looked like a typical Indian housewife who engrossed herself into looking after her babies and husband. My perfect bodied sexy suman was completely lost.
And then things changed for the better. My mami decided to enroll herself into sliming center and after undergoing treatment for a month, she regained her old shape. Her boobs looked tighter, ass was now properly shaped and overall her body looked perfect. It revived my interest in her, and now I had decided that i had to quickly make the first move towards achieving my goal. Well heres what that happened
Now whenever I visited her , I would deliberately give naughty smiles to her and whenever her eyes fell on mine, I would stare her brazenly until she herself turned them away.whenever she would pass by me, I would brush my hands around her ass and tried to get as close to her body as possible. This continued for about a month and then I started to receive signals from her as well. Now she would frequently smile at me as trying to suggest something . whenever I used to go to her to stay for a couple of days , I used to be alone with her in the afternoons and she would remove her sari and put on her nighty or other skimpy clothes . she would invite me to her room even when she was not properly dressed. I did know whether she reciprocating or it was just natural on her part. Their house only had one room and at nights my mama and mami used to sleep on the bed and i would sleep on the floor. I noticed that whenever I slept on the floor my mamis leg invariably used touch my body.
She used to wear an overcoat and sleep. It so happened that one day my uncle had to go out of station for some work and hence I was told to stay with my mami for a couple of days. I saw it as an excellent opportunity to realize my dream. That night I deliberately slept on the floor and my mami slept on the bed but one noticeable change had taken place. She had removed her overcoat and slept in her nighty. At about 10.30 my mami said to me vivek tumhe thand lag rahi hogi.tum chaho to upper bed per so sakte ho. Yahan kafi jagah hai I was dumbstruck to hear that. Hear was my 25-year-old mami inviting her 18 year old bhannja to share the same bed with her!!!!!!!!
Any way I agreed and then slept on the bed. 
Suddenly I felt something moving on my body. It started from my shoulder and it stopped on my lund . I turned around and saw my mami doing this. I desperation she said vivek kya tum mujhe chodoge?jabse mera doosra bachha hua hai tumhare mama mujhse door rehte hain.raatoan ko bhi vo mujhse baat nahin karte. Mujhe chod kar tum mer bhook mita do

I quickly agrred to her and hearing this she gave me a huge kiss on my lips.i also kissed her lips passionately . I drove my hands towards her boobs and pressed them as hard as I could. They were soft and bulky . by that time she was fully aroused and then she asked me to take off her nighty. Kissing her red lips I loosened the strings of her nighty and removed it from her body.oooooohhhhhhhhh what a sexy body she had and it looked even more lund cracking only in a designer white panty.i kissed my sexy mami from top to bottom and meanwhile she was moaning loudly.standing on her knees in the bed she removed my shirt and pant. Her boobs were hanging like two huge footballs.
And then our erotic sex session got underway.i squeezed her nipples until they became red. My mami groaned aaaaaaahhhhh vivek mere chuchi ko aur zor se dabao. Aaj raat mein tumko inka malik banati hun. Jitna chaho inhe chuso. My mamis words aroused me and I quickly removed her panty which looked great.i licked her navel and belly with my tongue and all this while she held my head tightly.after that I headed for her red pussy which was ,by then, wet enough. I inserted my tongue in it and licked her ass juice.my mami moaned oooooooohhhhhhh aaj tak tere mama ne mera gand nahin chata tha. Inhe achhi tarah chato vivek ooooohhhhh
As I was busy licking and kissing her sexy legs, my mami pleaded please vivek aab aur intezaar mat karvao. Aab to apna lund meri chut mein ghusa do. Please zaldi karo then all of a sudden she went on the offensive and threw me on the bed.then sitting on my legs she removed my underwear and started to play with my lund.she pinched my red cap, licking the balls and kissing the lund affectionately. All this while I was tightly holding on to her huge boobs, pressing them vehemently.
And then for the final round.as I was new to this, I requested my mami to sit on my cock and fuck me. Following my order my mami smiled and then sat on my thighs and directed my lund into her hot red hole.ooooooooohhhhhhh what a feeling it was for me . I felt that I had entered a compleltly different world. She started to fuck me moving up and down slowly with her two huge melons bouncing like a football.my lund was paining like hell but the whole feeling was so good that that the pain got completely overshadowed.my mami was groaning vivek tumhara lund to kamal ka hai uuuuufffffff.this continued for about half an hour and at the end of it I and my mami was breathing very heavily , completely exhausted. I slept on my mamis naked body for sometime and then sucked the hell out of her boobs.well for the next 2 hours I let my lips enjoy my mamis sexy body. As I kissed her all over body, she clutched the bed with her hands and moved her head both ways enjoying every bit of it.
next morning when I woke up my mami was still in the bed beside me completely naked. She looked at me and gave my a small kiss below my lips. we talked a little and then decided to keep our relationship going. She agreed to abort the baby if incase she got pregnant from me.Then tying the bedsheet around her bare body my mami headed for the bathroom. I got out of the bed completely naked and joined her in a bath. We gave each other a good bath and after having breakfast we resumed our sex session and it went right through the afternoon till the evening.
Our relationship is 5 months old and we are quite happy to fuck each other whenever we get an opportunity.
My advice to all those readers who want to fuck their mamis& chachis is : just go ahead and make an attempt towards getting them . I am sure that u will succed. You may be surprised to find that your aunts want u more than u want them!
