Primus Pilum - Part 3

What do you mean he isnt one of the command cadre? asked Thurus, eyeing the newly-arrived commander. They stood over Verus as he lay in the cot, sleeping soundly. Morlani had said he would sleep a day or two but would awaken mostly well and ready to rise.

Ghurian stood beside Thurus and shook his head. Ive never seen him before, and at his age, I would have met him long before now, he said. The old ranger rubbed a hand over his balding skull. This man is NOT one of our commanders.

Thurus blinked a few times. Then who is he?

You said his name is Critus Tanverus? asked Ghurian.

Yes, sir, replied Captain Thurus. He had a half-elven aide with him, named Lemovaur of clan Velithar.

The old ranger pondered this for long moments. You are certain the aid was of clan Velithar? he asked.

Yes, sir, repeated Thurus. Is that significant?

It may well be, said Ghurian. Clan Velithar was a clan that left Windir eight centuries ago to live in a deeply forested section of what was then the Northern Extents of the Western Realms.

What is it now? asked the captain.

Ghurian paused a moment. This was a thing that he did, which drove Thurus, and other junior commanders quite mad - his theatrical pauses. The Senmarch region of Abia, he said.

Thurus quickly forgave the theatrical pause, as it was quite called for, in this instance. His aide was an Abian half-elf? he asked. He then turned toward Verus, sleeping on the cot. That means, hes Abian?

It would seem, said Ghurian, a hardness coming to his old gray eyes.

Still, said the captain, suddenly perplexed, why, then, did he deliver to us a victory over the Abian legions?

Are you certain he did? asked the commander.

Yes, sir, he did. Believe me when I say: Without his leadership, we would be routing toward the capital right now with three cohorts of legionnaires on our heels, pronounced Thurus. His plan was genius. We even had a good laugh when he arrived, that his name sounded like the old Centurion from Abia, Verus. Ill be damned if he didnt deliver us a victory like Verus would have, were he an Islander.

The commander thought a long moment again. Command was reinforcing the garrison even now, by more than a hundred rangers and two hundred more militia. It was in the best defense that the High Command could manage for it, presently. Load him onto a wagon, one with a decent ride, and prepare for us to remove him to Rondall, we will sort out his identity there.

In under an hour, soldiers transferred Verus to a wagon, with an attendant healer, and Commander Ghurians contingent left Rennik, bound for the capital. Verus slept through the trip, the wagon, true to Ghurians request, rode smoothly, even over ruts and muddy road. It was one of the wagons formerly used by merchants to haul fragile goods and fruits. A suspension of leather straps, which reduced the movements to those similar to a ship on water, supported it. Sea sickness was a possibility, and the healer succumbed to it twice, but the ride was smooth enough to allow a recovering, wounded, old soldier to sleep.

On the eve of the second day, they rolled into the beleaguered capital of the Windy Isles. A city of fewer than ten thousands, now swelled to nearly thirty with refugees and military units drawn from throughout the islands and even beyond. Elves were in great evidence, dozens of them, as they felt, in large part, responsible for this invasion, and were freely giving of themselves to reinforce the troubled and invaded nation.

They formed the core of the healer cadre, as their natural ability to mend wounds could well count for more during a battle between men than even their keen aim and skilled swords. Every Islander military unit had at least one elf with it, attending to the duty of being the commanders aide and, secondarily, as the units healer. Some units, those expected to see more activity, had many elves in their ranks, both bolstering their numbers with skilled scouts and provided added insurance of healing.

However, the war was going poorly. It seemed that no matter how many galleons the valiant navies of the Isles and Windir sank, more legionnaires were constantly streaming forth from their three beachheads on the Isles. In the last week, the Abians had taken one of the precious trimarans, further demoralizing the Islanders, and terrifying the elves. Until then, the trimarans had represented a form of invulnerability to the Abian threat. They were bulwarks that, while not utterly a wall, represented a massive hindrance to the reinforcement of the Abian camps.

The remaining trimaran captains were now cautious, and the number of ships they were sinking reduced. Scouts reported that the Abian legions were reinforcing strongly now, and they would soon be at full strength. Rumors from spies within Abia also confirmed that four full legions were in the west of the empire, near port cities. The fear was that these legions were poised for a massive assault upon the Isles and all indications were that this was true.

Commander Ghurian meant to find out who this man was, this Critus Tanverus, and discover his part in things. His mind dwelt upon the unpleasantness that an intense interrogation might involve, and looked at the wagon that contained the old man. He did not wish to do what he knew he would probably have to.

However, the decision was not his to make, he discovered. As his company moved through town, they were stopped by a, for elves, massive formation of elven troops. They wore the silver and green livery of the elven king, and were the guards of the ranking elven representative on the Isles, Lord Ambassador Levethan.

What is this about, commander? asked Ghurian as the leader of the elven company stepped forward, a grizzled elven soldier named Rethas.

Rethas stood tall, despite his rather diminutive stature, and his presence was palpable. He watched as the old ranger dismounted, and then said, The Lord Ambassador believes that you are escorting a prison to whom he wishes very much to speak. His Syrisian was clipped and precise, and it carried the unmistakable accent that an elf was speaking.

There was some murmuring among Ghurians company, but the commander silenced it with a mere glance. He then turned back to Commander Rethas. He holds no official jurisdiction within the Windy Isles, Commander Rethas. This is my prisoner, and I will not yield him up to a foreign dignitary to be spirited away to sovereign land within my own nation.

The elf considered his words for a moment, though Ghurian could see him controlling a small measure of wroth with care. Then, Commander Ghurian, honorable veteran of many battles by mine own side, will you not consider a joint custody on your own terms?

The elves had been prepared for his refusal, and this worried Ghurian more than their mere insistence on taking the captive for their own holding. He put one of his great hands on Rethas shoulder, in a traditional greeting among warriors of elves and men. Let us speak in private, my old friend, and perhaps we can make a more reasoned decision, said the old ranger. He looked toward his second. No one moves until we return.

The captain nodded and began issuing orders. Rethas and Ghurian walked to the side, and, spying a tavern, they walked inside. The innkeeper cleared a side room for the two of them and brought them a bottle of wine and two glasses.

Now, Rethas, what is this about? said Ghurian, taking a small sip of the wine. He winced at the sourness of it. The wine had been poor since the start of the war as most of the best vineyards were in the south of the isles. Two of the best areas were now beachheads for the Abians.

A minuscule narrowing of the eyes was the only reaction the ever-polite elf granted to the poor quality of the wine. The man you are carrying is more important than you know, friend.

I know he is a very accomplished spy, is what I know, said Ghurian. One so highly valued that the Abians very likely suffered a major defeat to simply to allow him to gain trust.

The old elf, and he was an old elf, bearing gray hair and many lines on his face, very unusual for elves in general, focused his silver eyes upon Ghurian. We do not believe that was the case, he said. We believe that the man you transport, and mean to interrogate is none other than Verus, the retired Abian Centurion.

Ghurian barked out a laugh. I believe the much-vaunted elven spies have, for once, failed you, friend, he said. He took another sip of the sour wine. Verus retired ten years ago from the service of the Empire, it is well known, for most of their enemies breathed a deep sigh of relief. Hell, I studied his battles at the academy, under your own tuteledge, I might add.

Be that as maybe, said Rethas, we believe that you bear him now into Rondall.

Commander Ghurian blinked at him a few times, then asked, Why do you believe that?

I tell you this only as a friend, and it may sour that friendship, said the old elf. The Lord Ambassador was secretly working on a peace agreement with the Abians to get them to leave the Isles in exchange for certain concessions from the elves.

What sort of concessions? asked Ghurian, suddenly very worried.

We were to agree to training a legion of their forces to ranger status, for the agreement of peace and withdrawal from the Isles and two hundreds of years of non-agression, said Rethas.

You were going to train rangers for them? asked the old ranger, stunned. And you believed they would abide by their half of the agreement?

No, said Rethas, we did not. He looked out the window at the two companies standing, and facing toward one another in the road. But we figured they would at least withdraw for a while and give your people the respite needed to rebuild and train your own defences.

Then be set upon by rangers under the enemys banner! screamed Ghurian, slamming his fists down on the table.

The proffered agreement is now moot, friend, please calm yourself, said Rethas. There will be no training, and no peace. As a matter of fact, there will only be our ultimate defeat, if that man is Verus, and you try and execute him as a spy.

Wait a moment, said Ghurian. You never explained why you thought this particular man was Verus. So far, youve only shown me that elves can be as sneaky and foolish as men.

Old friend, I am not certain if that was an insult or a compliment, said Rethas, chuckling.

Ghurians expression softened a bit. Okay, I apologize, he said. But why do you think that was Verus?

Our spies reported that Verus was to escort the Abian negotiator for the cause, a half-elven noblewoman from a clan living in Abia, said the old elf. The Lady Emogen, who is still regarded as trustworthy by our folk. He sat back and regarded the wine still in his glass dubiously. We have heard that a half-elven aide was at the side of this commander when he arrived in Rennik. She matches the description we have of Lady Emogen.

I heard her description, as well, and it would cover about a quarter of all the half-elven women who have been on the Isles, said Ghurian. You must have more to go on than that.

The elf shrugged. There is also the matter of the trimaran, said Rethas. We only recovered the crew that was set adrift two days ago, and they say that it was Verus who bested them.

Well, a crew would at least hope that a worthy opponent was victorious over them, for certain, said Ghurian. But it was bound to happen that a trimaran would eventually be overwhelmed by superior numbers.

Rethas laughed. That is exactly the point, friend Ghurian, he said, they were bested by a single galleon, and not even a troop transport, at that.

What? asked the ranger. One galleon?

One, repeated the elf, holding up a single digit to reinforce the concept.

Ghurian peered out the window again and stared at the wagon with the man aboard. Was that man Verus, the terror of all who faced Abia for nearly thirty years?

Why would they send their most treasured commander, ever, into harms way like this? asked the old ranger.

The elf looked at him levelly. So we would kill him, he said.

Ghurian blinked a few times, then shook his head. That makes no sense, he said after the pause.

Think, if you will, like the Praetor, commander, said Rethas. You are conducting an unpopular war. Your armies are only barely following your orders, and they refuse to commit further legions to a cause you need at least two more legions to complete. Your finest commander, who would hand you victory easily, refuses to help, and stays in retirement. So, what do you do? You find a way to get the armies to fall into line. Conveniently, that same obstinate leader is also unbelievably popular with the legions. You talk him into a mission to the enemies land, a peace mission, a treaty offering. When the enemy treacherously kills him, your legions immediately fall into lockstep and are more than willing to extract revenge upon the offending nation.

The old commander sighed. You get four legions, which are conveniently positioned to move quickly, to attack a few days later, he said hoarsely, almost wheezed.

Seven legions, friend, would crush us like a vintner would crush grapes, said Rethas, setting down his glass. Though I wager we would be a finer vintage than this rotted fruit.

I will release the prisoner to you, said Ghurian. On condition that I can remain with him at all times.

You, of course would have unlimi.. . . started Rethas.

At all times, the commander restated, interrupting the elf. I do not leave his side.

The elf smiled. Acceptable, he said.

- - - - - - - - - -

You, sir, had better damn well be who we think you are, said Ghurian as Verus blinked at the dim illumination in the room.

He looked around slowly, taking in the surroundings. Wood-paneled walls and finely wrought tapestries met his gaze. He immediately saw the hands of elves in the decor, the delicate scrollwork on the moldings and the intricateness of the tapestries attested to fingers far mor nimble than those of men.

Lastly, his eyes fell of Commander Ghurian, sitting in a chair nearby, sliding a war sword over a whetstone. If you are not Verus, then you will be very dead shortly.

Verus gave him a weak and resigned smile. I am Verus, he said. The wave of relief that overcame the old Centurion was like a ton of lead ingots being lifted from his neck and shoulders. He was no longer skulking and was himself again. Verus was a soldier, not a spy, and he discovered that he would rather face death than be deceitful again.

Good, said the old commander, who looked to be about the same age as Verus, himself. Though you will excuse me if I seek proof of that claim.

Verus sighed and laid his head back onto the pillow. If I can prove it, then I shall, he said. He was not even trying to project the Islander accent onto his Syrisian anymore, and spoke plainly.

Right, then, said Ghurian and stood. He walked to the door and poked his head out, then returned to his seat.

A few minutes later, Commander Rethas entered the room, with a adolescent elven girl with him.

Verus blinked at the two of them and could not help but smile at the girl, who looked very nervous and exceedingly tiny.

He says he will submit to proving his identity, said Ghurian.

The old elf nodded. Verus noted the war sword on the elfs hip, so he was another soldier. The young girl, obviously, was unarmed. The elf spoke to the girl in his own language, a melodious babble that soothed Verus ears with its softness and beauty.

The girl answered in a soprano reply, the sound even more soothing than the old soldiers.

She smiled weakly and turned to Verus. I am called Revandis, she said. I am the means by which you will prove yourself. Her face was nervous, as was her body language. However, her golden eyes were steady as she regarded him. You will have to trust me.

I do, said Verus, his mind drifting to two of his granddaughters, who looked to be this girls age. He had to remind himself that she was elvenborn, and was probably in her forties.

She nodded again. Then relax your mind, and think of that trust, she said.

Verus was not quite sure how to do that, but did what he thought was relaxing his mind.

A moment later, he felt something inside his head. It was as if part of his psyche had become like clay, and was being molded. Her eyes dominated everything that he saw. As a matter of fact, her eyes were all that he now saw. A small place in his mind was now empty, his own thoughts pushed aside from that area. Then there was something there.

She was there. He could feel her soft and warm mind inside his skull. It was not as if he were being invaded, though, and a part of him felt ashamed to have such intimacy with such a young woman. His breathing grew short as she filled the void she had created. Her own breathing was short, as well, and her face was shining with sweat.

He thought, incongruously of his mothers cooking, of cinnamon-spiced biscuits. The scent came from the girl, from Revandis. Her smile grew broader. I am within him, she said, finally. Ask what you will.

Verus found he could break the intense gaze now. She had left a part of herself within him, he could feel her peering through his mind. It was not enough of her to make him feel occupied, if felt more like a stray thought that was not entirely his own.

Is that you, Revandis? He asked the thought.

There was a brief pause as he felt part of his mind being prodded, then he heard, it is a part of me, Verus, yes, it said.

Are you, indeed, the Abian Centurion, Primus Pilum Verus? asked Ghurian.

I was, Verus replied. Revandis nodded at the same instant. Not only was part of her mind within his, part of his mind was within her.

The old commanders eyes widened a bit at the confirmation. A few moments passed as he thought on this. Primus Pilum, why have you come? he asked.

I came to assist the Lady Emogen in reaching this city to negotiate with the elves for peace, said Verus.

The young elven girl nodded agreement.

You arent spying? asked Commander Ghurian.

No, said Verus. If anything, Ive committed treason upon my own nation, by aiding Windy Island forces in the defeat of three cohorts of legionnaires.

Again, Revandis nodded, a smile upon her face. He thinks we should win, she added.

Verus turned quickly toward her.

Revandis! said Rethas, then began speaking harsh words in elven. Gone was the soft, melodious tones, and tears welled in the little girls eyes.

Stop it! yelled Verus, with such vehemence that both Ghurian and Rethas took a step back and the elf even reached for his sword, so sure was he that the human would attack him. She didnt mean to read past my answer, It was my thought, not her doing.

Revandis smiled at him and her golden eyes glittered. Thank you, Verus, but Commander Rethas is correct, I betrayed the trust you gave me in letting me into your mind, I will try to refrain from doing so again, she said. Her voice was amazingly reasonable for coming from a little girl. She turned to the elven commander. Her auburn hair caught the light and reminded Verus of Emogens hair.

Continue the questioning, and I grant Revandis permission to repeat any thoughts I have, even if they do not directly pertain to the question asked, said Verus, straightening again and placing a hand upon the young elfs shoulder.

Very well, and noted, said Rethas. Did you intend to aid in the victory in Rennik? If you did, why?

Verus smiled. I did intend it, he said. And the why of it is simple: Ive never lost a battle, and did not intend to start there.

Revandis looked up at him with worried eyes. He did intend it, but he is being evasive about the reason, sirs, she said.

Verus grin broadened. I wanted to see how good she is, he said. I gave them the victory because the Abian cause here is unjust, and the Abian governor over this travesty is a criminal, even by our loose standards.

The young elven girl grinned playfully. He speaks the truth now, she said. Her eyes then flicked over his features again. He wishes to help us defeat the Abians, he thinks that they killed or kidnaped a woman he loves. The words were pouring out of the young woman she relayed his thoughts, thoughts he placed there for her to repeat. He does not trust his own people anymore, especially the Praetor. He only asks that we get his family to safety and that we retrieve Lady Emogen, if she lives.

The expression on the two commanders faces were stunned. Can her interpretations be trusted? asked Commander Ghurian.

The elven commander nodded. So far as we know, one can only evade a mental joining, they cannot lie to it, he replied. Unless this man is insane; the mentally unsound oft deceive themselves. I do not think this is the case. His wizened elven face was encroaching on a smile without quite achieving one.

We must think on your - offer - Verus, said Ghurian. Can they stay joined? he asked Rethas. The elven commander, in turn, turned to Revandis and asked her a question in elven.

The elven girl nodded. We can easily stay joined if we stay within a few paces of one another, she said. The connection will fade if we go farther from one another.

We cannot leave a young girl alone with a man we are not sure of, Rethas, said Commander Ghurian.

Revandis looked at the large man with an even stare. He will not harm me, I trust him, she said. She held up her hand and placed it against the palm of Verus. Just as he trusts me. Verus wrapped his still powerful fingers about her tiny hand and held it gently.

Do not leave the elven compound, then, said Rethas. Revandis is unused to humans, and is only here because her entire family is on the Isles. They will be wroth to hear how we have abused her gift, but I will weather that storm when it comes to me.

The young elven maiden smiled gently at Commander Rethas. I offered it, commander, you did not force me, she said.

Verus was again startled by the remarkable maturity in the girls voice, despite his knowing she was far older than she appeared. He could not shake the automatic assumption that she was less than thirteen years of age.

The two commanders left the chamber and left the door open. Would you like to take a walk? asked Revandis.

Verus was very tired, but wished to humor the girl. Yes, he said. We really dont have to talk in words do we? He said mentally.

She shook her head. And you do not really wish to walk, but you will serve yourself poorly if you lie abed, she said reasonably. You will need to exercise to regain your vigor. Her tiny hand tugged on his and he followed her out the door and into a forested meadow.

He had expected the elven embassy to be beautiful, but had no idea how well they could blend the landscape and the various things needed into a harmonic whole that formed a work of art, when viewed from almost any angle, when looking any direction. Great, green trees towered over the low buildings, which seemed to emerge from the earth like boulders, rather than built structures. The stonework was cleverly contrived to look akin to the strata lines found in jutting rock outcroppings. There were many elves about, wearing either short skirt suits like Emogen had worn, or, in the case of men, loft, tailored pants with open-necked shirts.

Revandis wore a skirt set, which he thought rather revealing for a girl so young. I am thirty-eight years old, Verus, she thought, smiling.

Youre still a little girl, responded Verus. 

Another voice pierced his thoughts: If you only knew, Primus Pilum, what little girls were made of. The expression on Revandis face was one of shock and upset, and she cringed at those words. I am sorry, that will not happen again, thought the young elf to him.

Verus had a distinctly unclean feeling in his mind when that thought, with the more powerful voice, had finished rebounding off the inner walls of his skull. He turned his wide eyes to Revandis. Just what was that? he asked, suddenly very uncomfortable with their mental link and desiring to use it as little as maybe.

It was nothing, replied the elven girl, please forget it happened.

Im not sure I can, but I will not pry into your mind, said Verus.

She giggled. Unlike other folk you know? she asked.

Verus shrugged. If the shoe fits.. . .

They walked the glades of the elven compound. It was surprisingly large and spacious, though he suspected much of the sense of space was created by careful use of the landscaping. As they neared the wall of the compound on the south side. She asked, Why do you say the governor is a criminal?

He breaks even our laws, much less those of honorable battle, replied Verus.

Revandis blinked at him. Laws of battle? I thought all was fair in battle, she said.

The old Centurion laughed. In some ways, it is, but there are certain rules that must be adhered to, unless you seek genocide on one side or the other.

The girl nodded and pointed out a flowering bush. It had massive red blooms upon it and he could smell it even at ten paces. That bush I planted, three years ago, she said. It was a gift of the ambassador of Niliwan to me.

Verus sniffed it softly, It has a distinctive and powerful scent, he said.

The girl giggled again. That is what the ambassador said of me, said Revandis.

Verus sniffed the air again and could definitely smell the young elf beside him. You smell of cinnamon, he said.

She nodded. Most elves do, but my odor is said to be a bit more powerful, because of - well - because of my abilities.

A warning tripped in his mind that she was lying, so the link is two way, he thought.

She gave him a pleading look and he knew it was to not pursue the truth in her words, so he did not. There was far too much of his granddaughters in this young and peculiar elven girl. Something in his heart told him that the answer would be more painful for her than the lie. He also knew, instantly, that this poor, young, nearly-woman was already something of a pariah among her own folk. He would not further her alienation by adding his name to the list of people who judged her.

In an infinitely sad state of mind, Revandis said, yes, it works both ways.

They walked the perimeter of the compound, which, as Verus had suspected was smaller than it felt. The entire time, Revandis did not let his hand go. Where are your parents? asked Verus.

Revandis said, You may have seen them, they are in Rennik, aiding in the effort there.

Verus nodded. I spoke with a few elven folk there, perhaps I did speak to them, he smiled. I will know when I meet them again.

Heavy footsteps sounded from behind them, and they turned to see Commander Ghurian approaching with Commander Rethas.

Weve decided to trust you, Verus, said Ghurian.

Verus expression did not change at all. And my terms? he asked.

If they can be met without compromising our military actions, then they will be met, said Rethas. We will need a complete listing of your family to be extricated.

It did not surprise him that they would comply with that request. Having his family here, by his own request, would effectively make them hostages, against which his loyalty could be leveraged. It was funny, in a way, how he was willing to give his family into such a state with these folk, but not with his own native land. He looked down at Revandis, standing beside him and giving him an odd look, which, even without the joining of their minds told him that it was right to trust these people. He envied her simplicity of thought in good and evil. Then he was inordinately proud of the fact she thought him good.

I will compile one immediately, said Verus, nodding. What of Lady Emogen?

Rethas looked at him sternly. We may not be able to retrieve her, he said. She is already en route to Abia, under heavy guard.

You have good intelligence, said Verus.

Rethas walked part way into the glade, examining the trees across the open field of green. We use magic to communicate with many of our scouts, he said. It is how we found out about your coming to us.

Verus chuckled and looked at Ghurian. The Abians suspect that, in all honesty, but theyve never been able to confirm it.

The Abians? They? asked Ghurian. You say that as if you are not one of them.

When I commanded Islander forces against Abian legions, I ceased being one, said Verus. The self-loathing in his features was obviously echoed in his mind as Revandis cringed away.

He hates what his people have made him do, said the elven girl.

The two commanders nodded. Weve all done things we wished others wouldnt make us do, said Ghurian, closing his eyes. That may well be the epitaph of all soldiers.

The ambassador and the Island High Command are being summoned, and you will speak to them before this is finalized, said Rethas. Have your list of relations ready, and be sure to have your wits about you.

Verus nodded and looked down at Revandis. Show me to the library, please, Revandis, he said.

She nodded immediately, and pulled him into motion, leaving the two commanders standing on the path. She showed no inclination to release his hand, until they had entered the library. Hello, Revandis, said the elven woman who was sitting near the entrance, obviously the curator. Who is your tall friend? She spoke in Syrisian, out of deference for Verus, no doubt.

His name is Verus, and he is here to help us drive off the Abians, said the elven girl unabashedly, smiling up at the elven woman.

The librarian adopted a wide-eyed expression. THE Verus is here to aid us in our fight? she asked. She looked at the old Centurion for a moment. Surely, this is one of the Isles who bears his honored name. The librarian did not wait for an answer, and moved to along the long rows of books. For an embassy library, this one was a well stocked, thought Verus.

Verus and Revandis looked at each other for a moment and exchanged a smile. They, however, let the librarian go to what it was that she thought she was doing.

The elegant elven woman returned a moment later, seeming to glide in the cream-colored silken gown she wore. She bore a sizable tome, which was marked plainly in Syrisian script. I will show you a picture of the Abian Verus, Revandis, so you will know who is who.

The elven woman flipped through the heavy parchment pages and finally came to what she sought. Laying the book upon the desk, upside down to her, so that the elven child could see it.

Revandis looked at it for a moment, then looked up at the librarian. As I said, This is Verus, and he is here to help us.

The librarians expression shifted to one of mild annoyance and she looked down at the book, Verus also examined the hand-penned illustration of himself. It was a good likeness of him, twenty years ago. A half a moment passed and the librarian looked up at the tall man, her jaw somewhat slack. By the Spirits, she said. You are the Primus Pilum.

Verus smiled. As the Lady Revandis has said, maam, he said, bowing his head slightly. The elven girl flashed a thought into his mind: How did you know I bore a title?

I did not, until you just told me, replied Verus through his thoughts, though I should have guessed with such a well-mannered and intelligent young woman that you were someone special.

Revandis blushed slightly at the compliments. In a traditional elven way, she replied in kind with a compliment of her own: You are a good man to help us, Verus, we sorely need it. Then her mental voice changed slightly, again deepening: You are a very dignified and handsome man, as well, Primus Pilum.

The blush on the little girls face deepened, but she kept her mouth still. What brings you to the Isles and specifically to my library, Centurion? the librarian said, now recovered from the initial shock of meeting someone straight out of the pages of her texts. 

I need parchment, a quill, and ink. Ive been asked to make a list, said Verus, as Revandis nodded.

The librarian quickly provided the requested items and stood quietly at her post, watching the pair as they walked to one of the writing desks. I will pen it for you, if you wish, Verus, said the girl. I write well.

Verus nodded. Very well, he said. An image flashed in his mind of the time he had spent teaching his own grand daughters to write, and a warm feeling came over him.

Revandis sat upon the seat and Verus seated himself upon a stool beside the desk. She took a moment to carefully arrange her materials and then looked at the old soldier expectantly.

Verus listed off the names of the family members he felt needed to be evacuated from the empire, prior to his defection being known. His sons, daughters, their spouses, and their children. He also listed his surviving sister, all his other siblings were now dead, as was her husband.

He watched as Revandis wrote out the words he spoke in flawless script. It was a marvel how fast her little fingers could move, and with such precision. She made no mistakes as she wrote out the thirty six names, and their locations, so far as Verus knew. He, once again, was forced to remember that she had probably been writing for fifteen years.

They walked from the library, having returned the writing materials to the keeper. The girl guided him back to the building in which he had been housed. Around from the entrance to his room was a long, low-ceilinged room, which she said was the dining hall. This caused Verus to chuckle, as it looked more like a root cellar to his eyes. A long shelf was covered in fruits and vegetables. Only a very few cured meats were present, in clay jars.

We do not partake of much meat, said Revandis, responding to his thoughts and selecting a small platter of fruits, vegetables and one strip of cured deer meat. Not that we do not like a good steak, when one is offered, she amended, smiling.

Verus assembled a platter for himself, as well, trying to follow her lead, and only taking one strip of the meat. They sat at one of the long tables. Few others were in the dining hall, he noted, scanning the half-dozen or so other occupants.

It is not really a mealtime, Revandis thought to him. Most have already eaten, and we will probably be having a cooked supper, this night.

Is that unusual? asked Verus.

The girl nodded. Only one or two meals a week are usually taken warm, she said. Except during cold months, where a chill needs be warded off, and then stews are the standard meal.

Verus nodded. The elven ways were surprisingly easy to comprehend, and he had thought they might be a bit - well - odder. Revandis fetched them each a large mug of some sort of mild ale and they sipped it. It had a spicy taste, but was not strongly alcoholic. Normally, we take water with our food, so as not to dull the inherent tastes, the girl informed him. But drinkable water is scarce in Rondall these days, from the overcrowding of men.

The old man understood completely. In many of the larger Abian cities, the water was unfit to consume without boiling it. Most folk made do with beer and wine.

As they worked their way through the meal, Revandis kept up a steady stream of innocuous questions about Abia. How many people lived there? What was the climate like? Things of such a nature as to be non-informative from a military standpoint, but enough to sate a childs curiosity about a place. He suspected that she was intentionally avoiding asking him any questions which he might be inclined to skirt in answering.

After a dozen such questions, he began to think that these were simply the things a little girl would be interested in, and chided himself for thinking too much like a old soldier, or worse, a politician.

I am avoiding asking you some things, Verus, she said into his thoughts. I do not want to be an interrogator - do you mind telling me the disposition of troops on the western coast?

This last thought caused Verus eyes to widen. He stared for a moment at Revandis, who was stuffing a large hunk of melon into her mouth and studiously looking toward the doorway. There was a mischievous gleam in her eye, though, and she could not keep up the charade for long before she broke into giggles that set his heart to weeping at sheer joy in them.

She looked at him and said, I once heard one of the commanders ask that of the ambassador, and thought it sounded superbly military.

Verus noted, unlike the other elves in the dining hall, Revandis ate with a energy and fervor that rivaled that of Abian legionnaires after a hard march. Now that he was watching, he noted she had an appalling tendency to stuff another mouthful of food into her mouth before fully swallowing the previous. Do all elven girls eat so hastily?

The girl stopped and looked at him sheepishly. Sorry, I do not mean to bolt my food, she said, shame creeping into her thoughts. I usually have something else I simply must get to, and cannot wait to get to it.

Verus nodded, having only learned the art of more sedate dining in the last ten years of his life, himself. I wont hold it against you, he said. To a young person, the world must seem as if it is in dire need of exploration, and the sooner the better.

She nodded sagely, and smiled at him. You are a very wise man, said Revandis.

A young elf, only a few years older than Revandis approached them and bowed to the table. The ambassador seeks your presence, Primus Pilum Verus, and asks that Lady Revandis accompany you, he said formally.