
11
Feb/11 0
My Aunt Is My Goddess

Hi this is Sultana Sinha, 36 yrs old healthy Male from Patna Bihar along with 38th story. If you like, the story please say so via mail sultanasinha@gmail.com or sultanasinha@ymail.com Hi my name is Rahul Sinha from Phulwari Sharief Patna, Bihar. This is true story, which took place few years back when I was in class 10th. Ours is a joint family where my father and his younger brother used to live together. We lived on ground floor and Chacha(uncle-father's brother) lived on first floor. Our family consisted of my father (Anupam Sinha), mother (Hema Sinha) and me.

Uncle's family consisted of uncle (Aditya Sinha), aunt (Asha Sinha), and their two kids, son (Vishal Sinha) who was my classmate and close friend and a one-year-old daughter (Shruti). Vishal was close friend. The seed of story was planted after the birth of aunt's daughter. Aunt used to feed her baby in my presence also without any hesitation on numerous occasions. I frequented their place regularly without any hesitation.

The story begins on the day my mother sent me to aunt to ask for some milk for tea, as our milk had turned sour. I raced upstairs. I rang the bell, aunt opened the door with her blouse in a disheveled state, and one of her breast was visible. Perhaps she was feeding her baby and on hearing bell came out in that position without adjusting her blouse. I could not take off my eyes from her breasts and asked, "Mummy has asked for some milk for tea. Will you give me some? Where is Vishal?"

She replied, "Why not go and take it from the freeze. Vishal has gone to village with his father. They will come tomorrow. " I checked the freeze no milk was there. I called back, "No milk is here." Then she told me to wait and went inside her bedroom without closing her bedroom door. I followed her to the door. I was stunned to see her opening her blouse, taking out her breast and pouring milk from her breast in the tumbler. She turned around to see me watching her with my mouth agape. She was caught off guard. I was in a stupor, "

You poured milk from your breasts. What will my mummy say?" She came near me and said, "Do not tell anyone what you saw." I slumped down on the floor there itself. It was unthinkable for me. I did not know anything about sex or any such thing but could feel the excitement building as my heartbeat was very high and I was experiencing breathlessness. My aunt caught me, carried me to the bedroom, and laid me on the bed. She got scared also so to soothe me she kissed me on my forehead and then on my cheek. The kiss acted as electric shock.

It was the first time someone was kissing me. I looked at her with eyes that of an alcoholic and asked, "Will you do that again?" She gave me 3-4 kisses to soothe my nerves, the last one being planted on my lips. It was a deep passionate kiss. I never had been kissed, like that before or ever since I caught her face and gave back her few kisses. She also was feeling excited as I could feel her fast heartbeat and erratic breathing. She asked, "Are you alright now? Do not tell anyone what you saw I will give more kisses." In an intoxicated manner I replied,

Not just kisses I want to drink milk from those jugs directly and taste your milk. If you allow that I will not tell anyone." She replied hesitatingly, "Promise then you will keep quite." I said, "It is a deal."First, she checked whether the door is locked or not then slowly opened her blouse and removed it. She was not wearing bra. Her twin globes were visible to me. It was white with brown nipples and light brown areolas. Both the nipples were erect due to excitement. I felt that I would cum immediately. I had never seen naked boobs before.

She invited me towards her and offered her left boobs. I gingerly caught her left breast with my hands and kissed her right boob. I licked the right nipple and greedily grabbed the beautiful melons. I felt warm gush of milk down my throat. I sucked in entire nipple along with areola. It was a heavenly feeling. My cock was erect to its full glory. I was sucking one breast while squeezing the other. I changed my mouth from right nipple to left when I felt milk flow was decreasing. I was presented with her right breasts, which

I sucked so hard that the milk was spurting halfway down my throat. My hands were roaming on her back going down towards her buttocks. I caught and began squeezing her buttock cheeks pulling her ass cheeks apart. Meanwhile aunt was giving aloud moans and roaming her hands all over my body. She had delved her hands down the front of my trousers. She let out a little yelp of excitement when she caressed my cock. The raptures of pleasure that I was feeling as she held my member are indescribable.

I began to knead and suck her pendulous breasts, occasionally biting the nipples receiving a resounding gasp of ecstasy from aunt's mouth. My hands slowly following the curves of her slender contoured waist down to the layers of sari folds. That I impatiently pulled at her saree folds making the sari drop to the ground. Meanwhile aunt had loosened my belt and opened my zipper, her hands delving into my trousers yanking out my hard on. She looked at it with fascination her fingers lightly waltzing over my tall erection.

She cheekily caressed my cock sending shivers through my body. She enjoyed watching my ecstatic reaction with every little motion of her fist wrapped hard around my member. She exclaimed, "Oh God, your tool so big and thick even bigger than your uncle's tool." I replied, "I drink bournvita daily, ask uncle also to drink bournvita it helps in good growth" My hands had quickly pulled down her petticoat & white lacy panties to reveal the most gorgeous sight I have ever seen.

Her bush was well hairy no shaving there. Now we both were standing face-to-face, completely nude. My penis was standing erect as a rod; she smiled and guided me to her bed. I started covering my erection with my hand. She smiled and took my hands from there. "There's nothing to be ashamed of." she said, as she drew her hair to the back and at that time I got a better glimpse of her boobs. Beautiful, extraordinary it was like a stunning architectural work.

She looked at me with her greedy eyes, and she started rubbing her hand on her pussy, slowly at the beginning and then at an alarming pace, she closed her eyes as if she was enjoying it, she was oozing for sex a lot. I think I was enjoying the most of it as well as feeling scared of all the things happening around at such an alarming pace. I had my enlarged penis in my hand, but did not know what to do. I was an amateur at this. I wanted to go home. She again started to moan loudly and I looked at her pussy, which looked wet.

Then she stopped, came to me and made me sit on her bed. I was still holding on to my penis. She held my hand and took it away. She told, "I told you there is nothing to be ashamed about". She moved her head towards my erect penis. Her hot breath could be felt on my penis. She kissed the purple head and then it happened almost as quick. She devoured my cock head. She put her tongue at the base of my cock and started licking all the way up to the head. She looked up to me and asked, "Have you had sex before?". My mouth was dry so I simply nodded my head in negative.

Thus, she came to know whom she was dealing with, a virgin. She gave that envious smile. She pushed my thighs apart, until it pained, and then she got her two hands holding on to my dick. Then she started to move her head back and forth, sucking my cock. Whoa! This was giving immense pleasure! I could feel an electric bolt whenever she licked my penis head. Then she used all her strength to suck my penis. Hell! I had a slight tingling feeling in my body, what was it? I liked the whole thing so I pushed her to more depth.

To my knowledge, I think she went very deep until her lips touched the balls and her nose touched my pubic hair. Slowly I also began to thrust in and out of her mouth. She looked deep into my eyes not looking away throughout the whole blowjob. She reluctantly at first began to suck lightly but gradually began to suck harder with newfound enthusiasm as her hands were playfully jiggling my balls whilst my free hands squeezed her succulent breasts. My balls began smacking her face as I began to thrust into her faster, her nose going deep into my pubic hair.

Then I could not withstand whatever I was holding back. My balls began to tense and I was going to shoot my load for the first time in my life, I saw it, the white explosion and that too straight into my aunt's mouth. I began to squirt into her warm inviting mouth, stream of cum. I was feeling my cum splashing at the back of her mouth almost making her choke from the barrage of cum but she was sucking down the entire last bit. Well, there was not much else she could do, so she drank as much as she could, the rest flooding out of the sides of her mouth falling onto the lower half of her body.

She looked cute with cum streaking from her mouth. Then she sat beside me, and placed a hand on my shoulder. I got an eagle's view of her nipple. She kissed me and inserted her tongue in my mouth. We started wrestling of tongues tasting my own cum for the first time. I put my hand straight to her nipple that was beautiful, I slowly rubbed it and she closed her eyes and began to moan. When she opened her eyes, her hand drifted to my penis, the moment her hand touched it, it was Rock hard again! "Let's make love." she said. Phew! That was it, I am getting that same tingling felling again.

She lay down and pulled her legs apart, she said, "Hold my legs in that position." My hand instantly began parting her quivering legs to find a moist love mound. I had the time to look at her beautifully waxed legs; with her free hands, she opened her pussy, "See the hole? Kiss me here, make love to me." she said, I gently rubbed along her slit, backwards and forwards before finding her clit. She gently began to moan as I expertly rubbed her clit. Oh! Oh! She would moan. In Hindi she cried, "Fuck me Rahul, fuck me! Insert your cock in this hole. This is waiting for you".

I thought my penis was going to burst, as her pussy hole could not take a tool so big and so long. I gently parted her cunt lips rubbing the tip of my cock against her love mound and clit. She moaned deeply her breathing getting heavier and heavier. She was very wet and I gently eased my cock inside her vagina, feeling the tight resistance of her vaginal muscles. Her hands fell to my bare ass grabbing them tightly. I again tried to enter her, and it went easily, probably because my penis was small when compared to the adult's tool.

But I remembered her saying mine was bigger than my uncle's tool. Does that mean uncle also inserts his cock into aunt's pussy hole? Oh My God the grownups are so confusing. But the feeling here was amazing I wanted to stay like that forever on her top with my cock buried in her hot and wet pussy hole. To break my thoughts my aunt said, "Now pullout your cock while letting the tip remain inside and then push again." With a heavy heart, I pulled out my cock and immediately pushed it inside. She jerked her body upwards in reaction. She said, "

Wow that was great, repeat it again and again. Take it, take me". I loved the new sensation, which I felt due to the pulling and inserting of my cock. I started a rhythm and slowly began to feel the pleasure in the balls of my penis. I started speeding up. I was expecting more fun. She looked at me deeply, breathing heavily. Her eyes were now wide with animal passion she hungrily kissed me staring deep into my opens eyes whilst helping me thrust into her deeply. Her muffled noise of pain and pleasure resulted in her biting my bottom lip drawing blood from it as my cock was drawing blood from her wet pussy.

The kissing became the most intense and passionate as I have ever had in my life. Her hips were moving in tandem with me, her hands were clasped tightly against my ass pushing her into me, while my left hand was clasping both her cheeks and my other hand was on her breasts massaging and feeling her melons. My thrusts varied from deep penetrating long ones to quick in outs, our moans being stifled by our glued together lips. My aunt dug her nails into my back and said, "I had never been fucked so deep or so hard."

We had been at it for twenty minutes, aunt was in ecstasy, approaching orgasm, thrashing her head from side to side, her thick black hair flying. Her body was damp from the perspiration of her passion as she thrust her hips, taking my tool deep within her. She cried out, "Oh, yes! Oh, yes! Oohh, yes! Do not stop! Do not stop now! I am going to cum! I am going to cum! I'm goingg too cummmm!" I got scared from her shouting but continued to drive my cock hard and deep into my aunt's pussy as she began to cum.

She was delirious, yelling out, "Ohhh Yess! Ohhh God Yesss! Ahh! Ahhhh! Yes! Ohhhngghhhhh! Ohh Yes! Yes! Yes! Fuck me! Fuck me! Don't stop". Aunt was endlessly coming, yelling, crying out, thrashing, frantically thrusting her hips over and over again as I drove my huge penis to the depths of her cunt, causing her body to shudder with wave after crashing wave of orgasm. She had orgasm maybe four or five times.

Each time I could feel her quiver all over under me she would then tense up her back arching before finally buckling, she would scream in my ear before hungrily finding my mouth again. My thrusts now became more violent and I lifted her up of the bed pushing her harder against the bed. Her natural reaction was to wrap her lovely thighs around my waist her heels digging into my ass egging my thrusts on. Her arms wrapped around my back our mouths still locked together our teeth rattling together with each thrust. "Oh aunt aaa! I am loving it" I yelled.

My thrusting became harder deeper, she had enjoyed heavily and she was now coming heavily. My hands were pressed hard against her swaying tits my thumbs rubbing her nipples. She started to moan louder almost shouting into the middle of the noon. "Oh oh ohmm" louder and louder. My thrusting was much faster I could feel her vaginal muscles clasping my cock like a tight vice, her wetness allowing me to penetrate her deeply. Her yelps of pleasure were getting louder with each thrust of my hips. The thrusting became so intense that the bed was shaking frantically.

I felt her heavy breath on my ear she kept repeating one thing over and over again, "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me." I really began to pound her pussy. Her pussy no longer being tight ever stretching with each animal passion thrust. My balls tensed up and I shot my copious loads my body pressing her hard against the wall she began to tense up as she climaxed at the same time. Her pussy overflowed with her cum and mine mixed. I lay deep inside her for at least five minutes still kissing. It did not take me long to get hard again and we must have done it at least five or six more times, I lost count.

"You better get back home before your parents call," she said. "Oh shit", she said as she saw her black strapped watch on her lovely thin wrist. "We've been doing this for almost two hours." "Two hours! Shit", I said smiling and not really giving a fuck as I enjoyed my first fuck. I hurriedly dressed up and left. I gave milk to my mom and said, "I had to look after the baby as aunt was taking bath. So I was late." Mom believed me and I went out to play with my friends. When I came back I saw aunt talking to my mom in a very hush tone.

I got afraid that aunt has told everything to mom about the afternoon incidence. I thought if mom asks me anything I would put the blame on aunt that she induced me into this and would never talk to aunt. I would break my friendship with Vishal also. When aunt saw me, she stopped whatever she was telling mom. She left the room immediately. Mom did not say anything to me. At dinner, also mom was silent. It was getting unbearable for me. I was waiting to be rebuked for my deeds. At bedtime mom came to me and said, "Rahul, will you sleep with your aunt tonight in her bedroom as Vishal and uncle are away to village. She is having trouble managing the baby.

Do not say no dear she has requested for you." So that was what aunt was saying I almost jumped with joy. I will have one full night of sex with aunt. What a beautiful plan. But I showed reluctance to sleep with aunt. I said, "Mom I do not want to sleep with her. The baby cries a lot." Finally, I agreed to go to aunt's room upstairs. I entered aunt's flat, she welcomed me with a warm hug and deep kiss on my lips. She was very clever, this way we could enjoy the whole night without any interruption.

She was wearing a yellow color sari and black color blouse. It was about 9.00 pm in the night, voltage dropped and the tube light went off. She told me that nobody is in the home and they all will come after two days. She also told that she was alone in her home and she called me because she was feeling lonely. She closed the front door and took me to her bedroom. She took my shorts off. By the mean time, I removed her saree and removed her blouse. She removed my under wear and took my prick on her hand. I removed her petticoat. She was so sexy in bra and panties. I massaged her boobs and then removed her bra.

I kissed her and asked, "Aunt, can you explain everything that happened today? I am confused." Aunt asked, "You do not know anything about sex?" I replied, "Only a little as told by my friends." She caught my dick and began, "Your tool is called penis/cock which every man has one." Then she took my hand, placed it on her hole, and said, "Woman's hole is called cunt/vagina. Man's tool is inserted inside woman's hole and this process is called sex/fucking.

The white liquid, which your cock ejected after sex, is called semen/sperm. When man's sperm is implanted inside woman's cunt she gets pregnant and a baby is born." I asked, "That means all the babies are born this way, even all of us." She replied, "Yes all of us." I learnt a new thing in life. I was so excited after hearing all her lessons that I went behind her and hugged her squeezing her boobs. She was playing with my prick in the mean time. Her beautiful breasts are in front of me asking me to touch them. I pushed her on the bed and started to kiss them.

I started to lick her breasts one after another and bite them keeping them between my front teeth.. Her nipples got erect. She was moaning. I slowly made her to lie on the bed. She took my prick on her mouth and started sucking and licking it. I was feeling good. I removed her panties and let one of my fingers in. It was hot and wet. I started to finger her up and down. She was moaning and sucking my prick. After 15 minutes of sucking I started to kiss her from top to down. I slowly went down and kissed her pussy.

I placed my mouth on the pussy and started to lick it. She was moaning heavily, "ohhhhh ahhhhh." I licked her clit and then started to fuck her with my tongue. She was moaning heavily and pushed my face towards her pussy. Her honey was so sweet that I drank it. After few minutes, her body started trembling and she extended her legs so wide. I understood from the day encounter that she was going to cum so I began fucking very fast with my tongue. She held my face very tight with her pussy and after a moment, she started coming.

My face got wet. She smiled and kissed me. I again gave my prick in her mouth. She started sucking it. It was so good for me I was fingering her and after some time I was about to cum. I told her that I am going to cum. She sucked so fast, "Mmmm." I loaded all my cum in her mouth, she drank it. That wasn't so bad was it?", as I pulled out of her. She obviously liked the taste because she licked me clean. Aunt wanted real action. I felt like I have to fuck her.

She should also have the same pleasure as I got. I stood up and looked at her; she gave me her inviting smile. I knew she would love a fuck, and then she slowly pointed at her pussy. She immediately spread her legs to make room for me to come between them. I climbed on her and took her huge boobs into my hands and started squeezing them, she was rolling her fingers into my hair. I looked at her open pussy and with my erect cock in my hands, I inserted it with great force.

She screamed due to pain. She then grabbed my prick and guided it into her tight, pink cunt. As I pushed my rod into her pussy, she started moaning loudly in ecstasy. I wanted it; she made me moan; now she is going to like it. I started to push my penis in and out of her; she started crying aloud, I did not care. She told me to slow down but I increased the pace, I even started to hold her in my arms, began my back and forth motion.

I fucked her the way an animal would fuck. I think I also was getting erotically aroused with this action. Then she started moving in the same rhythm, which I was going, and she slowly began to go out of control, I told her to slow down, but she did not listen to me, she caught my back tight with her hands and started to move up and down. She then started jumping up and down to send my cock deep inside her hole. I too started pumping her hard, her huge melons were in my hands and her hands were squeezing my ass cheeks. She gave a loud scream and made me reach my orgasm. I could not stand it anymore I blew!

I think that was the most powerful of orgasm explosion I ever had. It started like a pipe with water leak in it. My third orgasm of the day erupted, not very powerful, as the second one and my seed were planted in my aunt's womb and she cum too. We went into the toilet. I cleaned her pussy and washed her face. She also cleaned my prick and face. We had a nice sex that day. She said, "I want to tell you a secret." I asked, "What is it?" She told me something, which I could not digest. The secret was too much for me. What was it? That I will tell you in next part. That is the story. If you like the story, please say so via mail sultanasinha@gmail.com or sultanasinha@ymail.com