I am Jasmin, 32 years old, married got one seven years old kid. I am fair, 5 ft 4inches height, and medium size. My husband works in offshore. His work schedule is 28 days on rig and 28 days at home. We stay in big family with Father in law, Mother in law, three brother in laws and their wives and kids and one sister in law (husband's sister). All are married except sister in law.

This incident happened to me with my Elder Brother-in-law.

My Elder Brother in law (Thomas Chettan) works in Indian Army, he comes home once in two years. Thomas chettan drinks alcohol almost everyday, since he is in Army he gets free Alcohol (Rum).

About Thomas Chettan, he is well built, 45 years old, dark in complexion, 5ft 11 inch height, and very healthy man. He must be weighing around 100 Kgs. A big man !!!
This incident happened in his last vacation. It was their wedding anniversary day, we had a small get together at home and we had good lunch with all the family members. Only missing person for the party was my husband.
As usual, Thomas Chettan got drunk. After lunch Amini Chechi (Thomas Chettan's wife) carried him to their bedroom. Since it was their Wedding Anniversary, I could imagine what will happen in their bedroom.
Other family members were sitting on ground floor, singing songs and cracking jokes.
After about half an hour Amini Chechi came down from their room and joined us.
I noticed that she had a good fun with Thomas chettan, and she is bit exhausted also.
 
After about one hour, I wanted to take some thing from their room (Amini Chechi's and Thomas Chettan's room). So I asked Amini chechi to get it for me, (I never go to their room for anything !!!). Since she was busy with other people she told me to go and get it. I was bit hesitate to go, since I need it, I decided to go and get it from their room.

The room was not locked, without making any noise I opened the door, I could hear the snoring noise from Thomas chettan, he was in deep sleep. I took the stuff from their cupboard and about to come out from their room, but, I looked at Thomas chettan.
When I saw, I got shocked, he was sleeping almost naked, no shirt or baniyan and his lungi was moved from its place, I could see his dick (Andi or Kunna-in Malayalam), his hairy chest and well maintained body, for a moment I closed my eyes, but I couldn't control my desire to see his huge baby (kunna), His kunna was big, long and very thick, lot of black thick hair was covering his kunna. I couldn't remove my eyes from his kunna. With a fear I looked around to make sure that no one there, I went close to him and looked at his Andi, to my surprise his kunna was covered with some liquid (Vellam or Paal-in Malayalam), it was shining and also some paal on pubic hair.
I realized that this paal was from Amini Chechi's pussy (Poor-in Malayalam), they had a good kali (sex) before she come out from the room.
My heart started beating very fast and I could feel some thing between my legs, I wanted his kunna in my poor, but, I controlled myself and came out from the room.
I ran into my room, I couldn't forget the seen, Thomas Chettan's hairy body, long and big kunna and the vellam (Paal) on it. 
I closed my room, moved my hands towards pussy and I could feel my pussy need some massage and a good play. I started rubbing myself, fingered, till my Paal come to my hands.
I could not forget the seen, it was coming back in my mind again and again.
 
The next day morning, Amini chechi told me to go with her for shopping in the afternoon, I told her I had to do something urgent, so she called sister in law, but, my urgent job was to see Thomas Chettan's kunna today also if possible.
I knew every day, Thomas Chettan get drunk, and after lunch Thomas Chettan sleeps, and normally they had kali (sex) after lunch.
As usual, Thomas Chettan has two or three pegs Rum, and we all had lunch. Both Thomas Chettan and Amini Chechi went upstairs, after about half hour, Chechi came down dressed to go out for shopping. 
As soon as they left home for shopping, I searched for other people in the house.
Father in law has gone to collect his pension money, Mother in law in his bedroom and others are busy with their works.
I was looking for a reason to go to their room; at last I found a reason to go in.
I opened the door without making any noise, looked for Thomas Chettan, but, to my surprise, Thomas Chettan was not in his bed, his lungi was in the bed, I heard a noise from the toilet.
I thought my self, without lungi how can he go to toilet. 
When he opened the door, I was shocked, he was fully naked, and was totally drunk. He can't even come out of the toilet.
He was almost falling on the floor. I hold his hands and helped him to get up from the floor.
When I hold his hands, I felt as if I am holding a IRON ROD, he was so strong, I helped him to walk, while walking he was hanging on my body, his naked body was rubbing with my body.
I laid him on bed, I couldn't take out my eyes from his naked body, and I wanted to touch him, so I decided to move the legs and hands in position.
I saw his long and big kunna, and also, I saw at the tip of the Andi there were some paal also. I couldn't control myself, I sat next to him, and with a shivering hand I touched his kunna. An electric current passed through my whole body.
I looked at his face, he is in deep sleep. I moved my hands again to his Andi, I took his huge piece in my hands, it was hot and was very soft.
 I wanted to play with it, I started to move my hands on his Andi, I picked it up and started to move the skin, His Andi was big and huge, I thought, if this Andi goes to my poor, my poor may spilit in to two parts.
While moving my hands up and down I could feel, it is getting harder and harder. This makes me more and more horny, I moved my hands faster and faster.
Andi became very hard like a stick and it was standing like a thick black pole on a black rock.
By this time my poor was fully wet and Kanthu (Clit) was aching, and kanthu was starting shivering.
"Poorril vellam vannu, kanthu kadikkan thudangi, kanthil pathukkey oru chorichil vannu."
 
To my surprise, I could feel a hand on my stomach, I shocked, It was Thomas Chettan's hands. With a shock , I looked at him, he is in half sleep, since is Andi become big and he wanted to have a kali, since he was drunk, he couldn't even open his eyes.
I got up from the bed and directed Thomas Cheetan's hands towards my pussy, On half sleep he moved his hands towards my pussy over the saree. I was standing near the bed and he is laying on the bed. I slowly picked up my saree and moved his hands to my pussy. When his thick hands touched my pussy, another electric current pass through my body..
I spread my legs and slowly guided his middle finger inside my poor...
Wow... that gave more pleasure. His thick big middle finger went inside my poor without a problem. I was in heaven...I moved my body up and down and my juice (Paal) from my poor was flowing down. With a jerk I came.. I slowly took out his hands and I saw my paal on his finger. I cleaned it with my saree.
I was really happy, because I had a good fingering with my Thomas chettan's finger.
When I turnaround I saw his Andi (Kunna) was still standing like big pole.
I couldn't control myself..
I climbed on the bed, picked up my saree.
"Kunnayudey mukallil Kavachu Irunnu,".
Entey poor vellam kondu nirajirikkukkayayirunnu(juice), Enittum Kunna (Andi) was not going inside my pussy. Kunna was very big and my poor was very small..
Ennittu Njan .entey randu viralum kondu poor vidarthi koduthu, Kunna pooril thottappolthanney enikku vallathey ayi..Ethra valiya kunna kettiyaal olla sukham ..
 
Slowly very slowly, pathukey pathukey Thomas chettantey kunna entey pooril kayari.
When it fully went inside my pussy, I felt some big, huge Iron rod in side my pussy.
Thomas chettantey kunna mushuvannum akathu kayariyappol, enikku thoni oru valiya Iron Rod kayari erikunnathupoley.
 
Njan kannukal adachu.. pathukey patheukkey chanthi oyarthanum thashuthanum thudagi.
I closed my eyes and started to move my ass up and down...
Entey paal Thomas chettantey Kunnayiludey ozhkaan thudangi..
My juice was flowing over his Andi (Kunna).
Njan pathukkey pathukey adaiyudey vekatha koodi... I was making some noise because of pleasure.
Thomas chettantey aa valiya kunna kayariya sukham kondu Njan karayuka ayayirunnu. Adiyudey vegatha.. koodi koodi.. njan chettentey kunnayil sarikhum thullunna poley ayii.. Parisram marannu... aaaaaaaa... ennu ocha undakkan thudangi..
 
Avasanam oru jerk odu koodi entey pooril ninnu paal chaadi ....
Njan pinneyum kurachu thavanna adichu... piney pathukey pathukey kannu thurannu..
 
When I opened my eyes I saw, Thomas Chettan was out from the sleep and he was looking me...
I was shocked and all my thrill got vanished in a minute, I got down from the bed and put my saree down.
When I got down, I saw his Andi (kunna) was in the same position as before. Standing like a black pole, and I saw my juice is in his kunna.
 
I was shivering with fear... I couldn't look at him. I was about to go out from the room then
Thomas Chettan told me; "Entey kunna clean akkiyuttu podi".
 
I looked around for some cloths to clean, but only his lungi was there on bed, 
He told me: " Enthadi nokkunatthu... Nee athu nakki thorthu... ennalley clean akkoo...
I was shivering with fear..... I bend down and starts to lick his kunna..
 
I starts to lick kunna like ice cream...but there were lot of juice on it.. I surprised this paal from my pussy...
Ice cream nakkunathu poley Njan Chettntey kunna nakkan thudagi.. Kunnayil ishtampoley paal undayirunnu..
 
"Enthadi.... Kunna vayil kettadi...." Thomas chettan told me in angry voice.....
"MMMM ninakku arum kannthey kallikkannam ennal kunna thinnan vaya ??? he asked me..
 
"Nannayi chappi valikkadi....." he scolded
I opened my mouth... kunna was very big to go inside my mouth....
 
Njan vaya thurannu kunna vayil kettan nokki,.. kunna vayil ketten pattunnu dayirunilla.. athra valiya kunna ayirunnu..
Njan vayil vakkan nokkunna samaythu.. Thomas chettan arakettu oru thallu thalli.. kunna entey vayil kayari... Entey vayayil kunna kayari... pinneyum pinneyum Thomas chetten thalli kondirunnu.. enikku vallatha sukham thoni.. koodey vedanayum....
 
Kuninju ninnu kunna chappunna entey kundiyil. (ass). chettan thadavan thudangi..... pathukey pathukey chettan saree pokki.....
Enittu entey poor kandapol chettan ..." WOW... full paal annallo"...engottu thadi.. ethiley paal njan kudikkattey....."..
Njan chettentey mukhathu kavachirunnu...
Then I moved my poor to his face...it was 69...
Oru hungry dog poley.. chettan entey poor nakkan thudangi.... Chettan randu kayum vachu.. poor thurannu.. enittu, pooril OOOTHI.. (blow air to pussy).
 
Ohhhhhhhh..... 
 
I went to heaven...Chettan opened my pussy with his two hands and blow air to pussy... I was shivering with pleasure..
 
Pinney chetten entey kanthu pidichu odakkan thudangi... kanthu sukham kondu purathu chadi.. chettan kanthu chappan thudagi.... 
Athu enikku sahikkan pattunathu ayirunnillla.. njan sukham kondu pullayan thudangi..chettan randu kya kondu pussy thurannu pidichu.. kanthu vayil akki chappi vallichu.... 
Njan sukhavum vedanayum kondu pullayukayayirunnu.... 
Entey kanthu mushuvannum chappi valichu chettan vayil akki......chappi vallikkumbhol... njan karuthi entey ellam chettan thinnumo ennu..
 
Then Chettan started to massage my kanthu (clit), kanthu came out with pleasure, Chettan starts to suck it.. I can't bear the pleasure from it, I was crambling with pleasure.
Chettan opened my pussy with his two hands and took the whole kanthu into his mouth.
I was crambling with pleasure and pain... he sucked all my kanthu to his mouth..when he sucked inside I thought all my pussy went inside his mouth..
 
Oru dam entey adi vayaril pottunnathu poley enikku thonni.. Njan entey pussy chettantey mukhatthu ammarthi pidichu.. chettan appol entey pussy thurannu pidichu.. kanthu chappukka ayirunnu.. Entey dam potty chettantey vayil vannu.... 
Chettan damilley paal ellam nakki kudikkan thudangi...... 
Ennikku chettan paal nakki kudikkunna ocha kelkamayirunnu......
 
Appolekkum Njan akkey thallarnnu kashijrunnu..
 
By this time I was fully exhausted...
I just put my head down.. but I saw his kunna was till standing like a pole....I got surprised.. with all these actions his juice hasn't come yet...
I was jealous to Amini Chechi, she must be enjoying with this kunna every day..
Thomas chetten put me on bed.... Spread my legs apart...and he saw my small pussy was fully wet and kanthu was shivering..
 
Thomas chettan enney bedil kidathi.. pathukey randu kallukkallum akathi....Entey cheriya poorum athil thalli nilkunna kanthum kandu..
Pinney kayu kondu pathukkey pathukkey thadavi... piney pathukkey poor polichu....enikku cheruthayi vedana thoni...
Polichu vacha pooril pathukkey viral ettu... Njan pinneyum chhodu akkan thudangi.....
Pinney chettan pathukkey chettantey kunna kettan nokki...
OH...my god... athu keriyilla... piney chettan randu viral ettu poor valuthaki......
 
Pinney pathukkey kunna pooril vachu orakkan (rubbing) thudangi... 
Njan sukham kondu pullayan thudangi..
Avsanam...... chettan kunna pooril vachu oru thallu thalli......
 
AYOOO.........
 
Njan karanju poyi........ Entey vaya thurannu poyi..... Chettan pathukka pathuakka kettanum erakkannum thudangi... enikku nalla sukham thoni...
 Agaeny pathukey pathukkey Chettantey kunna entey pooril keri..... piney chettan.. pannunathintey (fucking) speed kootti.... Njan sukham kondu pullayukka ayirunnu.... 
 
Chettan kunna pooril ninnu purathu eduthu.. pinneyum ketti.. aganey pala thavana cheyithu.. piney nannayi pannann thudagi... chettan adikkumbhol ... adikkunna sound enikku kelkkamayirunnu...
 
Pinney piney speed nannayi koodi... Chettan sound odakkan tudangi...
 
MMMMM...... AYOOOOO ennekkey..
Avasaammmm.. chetten entey poorillekku nannayi thalli.... Chettantey Paal dam potty entey pooril ozhukki...
 
Entey poor niranju purathekku oshukki......
 
Chettan pathukkey kunna purathu eduthu... appol kunnayil paal kondu niranjirikkakka ayirunnu...
 
Thomas Chettan gave me a kiss.. and told me .. he never had a sex with a girl with such a small pussy like this...
But it was good... he liked my pussy.. and juice from it...
Even I never had a such a enjoyable sex in my life time...
 
When I got up from bed.. his juice was flowing on my thuda.... He saw that and starts licking it...
Chettan entey randu thudakallum nakki thudachu thannu.........
 
This was my experience with my Brother in law.
 
