ello readers, I am sam this is my first sex experience .The first sex experience was I raped my chitt inamed mala.She was at the age of 34.She stays in chennai.HER hubby is a businessman.During oct'2002,my uncle asked me to stay with my chitti as he was going for UK for one month business tour.Let me tell about mala she is a fair lady with body shape of 32-34-32.She has abig breast pairs,lovely hip curve and deep navel.These parts attract me towards her body.I planned to fuck or even rape her during that one month time.It was oct-12-02,after having our dinner mala went to sleep in her bed.I planned to enjoy her in the night. The door is closed but not locked.

I pushed the door and went into her room. There she is, sleeping on her back with her face facing away from me. Her loose end of the saree has crumppled up covering only one blouse covered breast. Her other breast is fighting very hard to come out of the blouse. Her blouse hooks are tight and barely holding on the blouse. Her bare stomach is beautiful and moving up and down slowly to her breathing rhythm. Her legs were held together and here saree on her is twisted everywhere but fully covered. She is sleeping on a single bed as she gave me their double bed.. So without even waking her up I just grabbed my mala's hand and pulled it to get her up the bed. Mala woke up in shock as I managed to pull her out and before she could know whats happening I just dragged her by hand into my room. After entering the room I left her near my bed, went to the door and locked it.

Mala got to her senses although I would think she is still half asleep. Before she could say "What!" I caught hold of her paita (loose end of the saree) and pulled it towards me. Mala tried to hold on to it but in vain. The whole saree got unwrapped as I pulled. By now mala must have come to her senses as she madly tried to keep the saree on. Before we both could realise, her faithful saree separated from her body and mala was left only her blouse and petticoat. I kept enjoying my mala's situation as every man in India's dream to see a woman in her underwear. Mala started crying by now as I lunged on to her to pull her towards me and kiss her on her lips. She struggled to avoid my kiss but I held on to her. Once I finished kissing her she just released herself from me and ran to open the door. By the time she held on to the door lock I ran towards her and grabbed her by the waist with one hand and the otherhand caught her hand attempting to open the lock. Finally she spoke "Why are you doing this to me!". I told her "Because I want ur sexy body for my sex hunger!" struggling to hold on to her. "But I'm your mother's sister," she said, tearfully twisting and turning. "You're the dream woman and u disturbed me a lot!" I said, and continued without waiting for a reply.

"Mala, I suggest you to stop this and lie down on that bed there and get ready for me." I held on to her waist and quickly I sprung open my lungee (sarong) as my cock sprung out stiff. She looked my cock and then dragged her eyes to look me in disgust. Before she could talk anymore, I grabbed both her wrists, pulling her towards me. Then I twisted so she turned around, her back to the bed. I then pushed her on to the bed as she laid on her back. She screamed as she fell on the bed while still crying. "What do you want from me?" she sobbed. I said nothing and just stood there enjoying her underwear covered body. She started to get up - I think to get away from me again but I grabbed her petticoat to pull it towards me. She must have wore an old one as it started tearing away along her waist where she tied her petticoat with a string. It took me several pulls between mala's crys to tear her petticoat as it was giving way. It tore finally, and came away, leaving her naked waist down in just her petticoat piece tied around her waist. That was the firstime I ever saw a woman bush.. Her bush between her legs appeared to me like a place of enjoyment rather than a place of respect. By now she started to cry more as I moved on to her a she was struggling and twisting sideways to cover her womanhood, pushing me to try to get me off her, pulling up her knees and using them to hide her body.

I did not listen to her cries. Infact I liked her cries. I liked her tries to resist me! It made me feel really to fuck her. Some more struggle and again she was flat on her back, with me standing over her, enjoying just looking at her. I squatted on her thighs, leaning forward slightly. I took her wrists, one in each hand, and brought them together. I caught both her wrists in one hand, holding them above her head, pinning her to the bed. With the other hand I began to open the hooks of her blouse holding onto the two ends between her breasts. Mala is still crying pleading me not to do anything but she stopped struggling. I tried unhooking her blouse hooks but they are more a struggle than I expected. So I just pulled the blouse holding the inside of the blouse. Since the hooks were alrady tight, they just came off snapping and I could hear my mother cry more for every snap of a hook. I had to pull hard to snap the last hook but with that force the two end of her blouse hurled away revealing her big breasts. Her tits drooping on either end of her body. That was the instant I felt the best in my life. My mala underme, naked and on bed. I looked at those breasts and started to squeeze and suck them hardly . I slowly bent myself to take one of her nipple into my mouth. Mala cried more but did nothing.

I again licked, and sucked both the breasts. It was a great experience preying on my dear old mother's wonderful and juicy breasts. Mala stopped her resistance by now so I started enjoying her naked body. I kissed sucked and licked her beautiful body everywhere I could and it was great. Then I finally turn my vision to the spot between her legs. I used my legs to part her legs by pushing them outward and set myself comfortibly between her legs. Mala though did not put any pressure. She just laid there with her head turned to one side and her eyes closed. I ran my free hand over her mound and inserting my index finger into her vagina. Her vagina is still dry as I started finger-fucking her. It didnot take long before I could feel her juices oozing out as I increased my rhythm. I kept finger fucking her for a while before I decided she is ready for the ultimate reunion. Still holding her hands above her head, I leaned on her body so I was covering her body with mine. With my free hand I felt between us, took my cock, and began to guide it towards her cunt. As I reached her entrance I paused and touched her entrance my tip of the cock.

I felt shivers along my spine as I unioned with my part of my mother's flesh with her flesh again. That was the time I contemplated the sin I am committing. bond between us. I am entering her cunt where there is no return. I could not wait anylonger as I pushed forward. My dick entered her cunt. I pushed even harder. I heard my mala gasp, and cry a little, as I pushed inside her completely. I then held there, for a while enjoying my sexual union with mala. I let go her hands to balance myself for a long fuck. Mala didnot even move the hands as she might have thought its all over for her. She is being ravaged nevertheless. I withdrew my dick a bit and pushed forward again. Mala stayed still. I drew back again this time to be out of her and thurst back again. Mala gasped. Then I settled to a steadier rhythm. I had achieved what I wanted. Fucking my own chitti. My cock was inside her vagina and I am fucking her. I am fucking the same cunt which was my dream to fuck and flooded it with his sperm to create me.

I finally managed to spread the same legs has spread on the same bed. Finally I managed to make the same woman my uncle made as woman of the house. I am squeezing the same breasts my. I am enjoying the same body which I wanted for more than two years. I am reaching the same inside of my mala.. I am showing my gratitude towards her upbringing by ravishing her cunt with my dick. After few more strokes, I felt my balls exploding gobs of semen I have been storing for her. I humped on to her vigourously before I came. I could not help stop but gasp as I shot my wad into her. I could feel my semen flooding mala's vagina as I reached my climax. Our sexual act is complete as I laid on my wonderful mala fulfilled and gasping for my breath. I could hear my mala too is breathing hard. Our naked bodies still connected together with my chest firmly pressing her naked breasts. My cock by now started getting limp but still inside her transfering the last remains of my semen. Mala still said nothing and laid the position. I didn't have enough guts to look at her face. We both made no moves to untangle as my exhaustion slipped me into deep sleep. The next morning when I got up, mala is not seen anywhere. I was still lying naked on my bed. My sarong is still on the floor but no signs of my mala clothes.

For a moment I thought it might have been a dream and started looking for some evidence on the bed. I found some long strands of my mala's hair on the pillow beside mine. I got little assured and looked for some sex-liquid stains on the blanket. I did see three dried stains where the cloth was stiff. I had a chill running through my spine as I realised its not a dream. I felt a lot a guilt. I could not find enough guts to walk outside my room. I stayed there as long as I could. Good it was a Sunday. After few hours malaa knocked on the door to get me up as it is approaching noon. It was after her call, I had a bit of my confidence back in me. I quickly went into the bathroom for my morning chores. I tried to avoid my mala for another half an hour or so until she called me to eat my lunch. That day has been a horrible day for both of us. We never talked. Infact the silence continued for a few more days. Good thing I have a job to go to otherwise I would have become mad with her silence. During these hostile days mala visited our neighbours and nearby relatives quite a lot. Possibly just to be away from me I guess. After threes days of constant silence I decided I have to put an end to this. After our dinner on thursday, I told her I am Sorry and never meant to hurt her!

She just said its OK but after few seconds, she just burst into tears. I felt very bad. It took two more days to get back to normal. We continued with our lives that way. Another Two weeks after things got normal, mala went to a movie with her friends. I knew she was going to a movie because she asked me some money for the movie as I was going on a two day trip to a nearby village on work. When I got back the following day from my trip, things were different at home. Mala got dressed beautifully in a very nice saree and she had flowers in her hair. She is also seemed to be in a good mood. I was happy but also shocked to see her that way. There was a lot of contrast between the mala I left for my trip and mala I am looking at right now. She also received me well, and asked a lot about my trip. Slowly I also lost my hostility and interacted with her freely. I was glad mala is back to normal. After the dinner she insisted me to take shower and go to my room. I reluctantly had my shower and went back to my room. Then mala ordered me not to come out of the room and lay on the bed. I tried to refuse saying I am not sleepy yet but she screamed at me to do as she says. I did not wanted to upset mala again. So I went to bed half-hearted. Few minutes later I heard my room door open only to see mala well dressed in a yellow saree with a glass of milk in my hand. I was shocked to see her that way.

She is all dressed up and reminded me of a bride. Normally the newly-wed brides enter the room that way with a glass of milk. For a moment I thought it can't be!!! I could not believe my eyes! I also thought it might be a prank trying to get back at me for raping her. As she entered she locked the bedroom door, came to me and handed to glass of milk. I took it politely and drank the milk. She then told me "I am ur slave and I am now ready to become your woman if you wish to do so!" I was shocked to hear it! I also need to confess how much those words have caused a twitch in my cock. I could not believe mala is inviting me to fuck her! It took me few minutes to get my thoughts back on track as I could see mala still waiting before me for an answer. I didn't know what to do at that moment. Mala is looking like an elderly woman just married. She is proposing me to take her as my woman and my dick is throbbing for her pussy. I could not do anything but to say "YES! YES!" lifting myself from the bed to hug my mother. We had a passionate kiss as we moved on to our bed. This time we both were suttle and exploring in our lovemaking session as I opened my mala's blouse to enjoy her juicy breast amidst mala's moans which I never expected I will hear from my mala.

She didn't wear any underwear so I just lifted her saree to her waist to get access to her now wet cunt rather than removing her saree. This time the sex was devine. As if I am making love to my woman. Until I looked at her face I never realised I am fucking my own chitti as my wife in the first night bed room. I felt as if I am fucking Rati, the love godess, herself. Thats why I think they have invented the saying 'Cover the face and fuck the base!' I could also feel mala's enjoyment of sex. The moans, the humps, and the juices. I am seeing and feeling the other side of mala whom I never saw before. Before I realised I am fucking my mala as my woman, I already started squirting my semen into her wet cunt for the second time. After our juicy fuck session we just laid on the bed caressing each other.

Our physical bond between our legs is now free but neither of us bothered to set our clothes back to normal. Mala is still open breasted with her blouse hanging from her shoulders and her saree still lifted up to her thighs. We both were lying on our sides facing each other. It was then, we talked. Mala said "Are you happy now?" I said "More than ever! I love you mala!"


