BROTHER & SISTER LOVERS

So with our parents back from vacation and no plans for another, it started to become difficult to have sex with Kay. 

Occasionally we would both be upstairs in the bedrooms and Kay would give me a great blowjob or I would finger and eat her cunt but fucking each other wasn't happening. This was so frustrating, especially for my hormones that wanted to be fucking Kay non-stop.

There were some weeks we didn't do anything but Kay was always there 'showing off', so I still got a lovely glimpse of her panties, bald pussy and hot ass. It was enough for me to JO to when I was in my bedroom alone. Kay also started leaving her dirty panties in my room which was always lovely to smell, taste and cum in and then return. And another good thing about this time was that Kay had shaved her pubic hair and had a great looking bald cunt. It sure looked younger than the 19 years it was and that was an extra turn on for me. 

During this period when there was little fucking with Kay, it started driving us both crazy. Kay was so horny that one day, she came into my room in just a bathrobe, dropped it and stood there naked in front of me. 

I said to her "fuck Kay, mom and dad's downstairs, we'll get caught."

She said "I don't care, I'm so horny for you and need your cock inside me. Please Gaz."

Before I could do or say anything more, she had crawled on top of me, squatting with her legs splayed open and sliding along the crotch of my shorts. I got so fucking hard, she knew I would. She then managed to get my shorts off so my cock was free. She took hold of it and moved herself so she was crouched above it. She then slowly lowered herself, guiding my cock into her dripping wet pussy. She must've been playing with herself before and either needed cock or had planned this. As she dropped down onto my cock, the feeling was amazing. As she was nice and wet, my cock slid into her easily. I had been waiting to fuck her again and so happy I was inside her.  It was hard for me  not to start moaning loudly. 

Kay was now in control, riding my cock, slowly at first so she could savor our first fuck in some time. As she lowered herself and took all my teen cock, she bent her head and we kissed. A kiss that meant so much as we'd not been able to appreciate each others lips since our parents returned. She then whispered in my ear "I've missed fucking you bruv. My cunt has so needed your cock and I've ached for it night after night"

She kissed me again before riding my cock. I grabbed hold of her tits and started playing with them and with her nipples. I knew how much that made her squirt when she cums. The feel of her tits in my hands and pussy around my cock was sending my mind into overdrive. This is why I love my sister and wish we could fuck more often. 

Kay started riding my cock quicker and I was gasping feeling her sodden pussy using my cock. I was so near and said to her in a low voice "oh yeah fuck babe, I'm gonna cum, ride me ride me, faster oooohhh yeah"

As she rode my cock faster and faster I couldn't cope anymore. She knew from my face that i was near, so she dropped so my whole cock was deep inside her. It was seconds before I shot my load of cum deep inside her. As I released all that baby juice, I started to loudly shout out "fuck yes yes yes.."Kay had to hold her hand over my mouth to keep me quiet. 

Once I'd unloaded inside my beautiful sister, she hopped off my cock. I could see cum dripping from her going all over my cock. She moved from my cock to my face and sat over my mouth saying "eat me Gaz eat my wet pussy" and as she lowered, she opened her pussy lips, giving me full access to her juices.  

She was sliding all over my face giving me that full smell and taste of her very wet dripping pussy. I flicked her clit with my tongue and tongue fucked her pussy hole until she started moaning, a little too loud. I couldn't tell her to be quiet having my face covered in her sodden pussy. The next thing I heard was mom shouting up the stairs "what's going on up there?"

I froze but Kay carried on thrusting her pussy into my face. Kay shouted down "nothing, I'm just doing my thrusts to feel good"

"Ok" mom replied 

That was the nearest we got to being caught by our parents but it did give us a warning to be careful, even if a little exciting knowing that they could've caught us.

Over the next few years it was more of the same, we'd have sex whenever we could and wherever and loved it when the parents went on vacation as it was our home and we'd sleep in their bed the whole time. We started having sex outdoors too, usually in a quiet area of some woods. Outdoor sex became exciting. I'm not sure if that's because we were naked outdoors or the risk of being watched but we'd have some great times and still do when we get the opportunity. 

I saw Kay as my girlfriend and lover more than my sister however fucking someone that I grew up with and had such a close bond with was and still is amazing. Knowing we were both born from the same parents is great.

The next big event between us was when Kay got pregnant. At the time, Kay was 22 years old and I was 17. It caused a lot of problems at home as our parents wanted to know who the father was and what Kay was going to do about it. Kay said all along that she wanted the baby and that's her decision. And they never found out who the father was. Things got difficult at home and our  parents 'kicked Kay out'. Not literally but they didn't want kids around the house. 

I was gobsmacked that Kay got pregnant and the usual questions were asked "was I the father? How did it happen? What are we going up do? Etc"

I obviously knew how someone can get pregnant and fucking Kay so much and filling her with my cum would've got her pregnant easily enough however, she told me she was on the pill.

Kay told me "I came off the pill for a while as I was having bad cramps. And as we have not been fucking as much as we like, I thought we'd be safe. Do you want this baby?"

"Yes, of course, it'll be our treasure and you know how I feel about younger" I replied 

"Okay then, I'll keep it and tell mom and John that its someone else's, giving no name" she said. 

I kissed her and rubbed her belly all excited that I was to become a dad myself. A son or daughter born by my loving sister.

Because of the situation at home, Kay found a one bedroom apartment to live in and moved to it within the month. 

This was upsetting for me and I got rather angry around the home because access to my sister, my girlfriend, was gone. She was no longer there to flash her panties and bald cunt, she was no longer there to suck me off or me to eat her pussy and any fucking was going to be even rarer. This is the time I started getting into other things to distract me online. It started with looking at adult bald pussy and I'd JO to that and then I found a site that had better looking bald pussy, kiddie pussy. There was a mix of ages from toddler to teen and it was such a turn on and took me back to when I fucked Sam's little pussy. I suppose I was still horny for younger pussy but having Kay around meant that a lot those fantasies went to the back of my mind. Had I known the amount of this porn being available, I'd have looked much before.

I went to visit Kay many times so I could be with her and see how she was? With Kay living in her own place, we enjoyed more freedom with sex and I started to stay over on certain nights. 

We fucked in every position possible and did every sex act we could in that little apartment. I used to get so horny and extra hard when fucking Kay knowing my baby was growing inside her.

It was at this time that I kept to my promise and fucked Kay's ass. She didn't know it was going to happen. We were getting it on, getting horny and I held her over the sofa, bent her upper body over and started to tease her pussy with my other hand and cock, getting her soaking wet as I did. Rubbing her clit was making her moan aloud "fuck yes fuck yes yes Gaz you're gonna fucking make me cum, yes bruv yes use my cunt use my clit"

I carried on teasing her wet eager bald pussy getting her wetter and moaning and groaning more and I said "take it sis, you know you want it, you want my cock Kay deep inside you"

"Yes yes deep deep inside me, fuck me fuck me" Kay replied

She didn't know it but I was going to fuck her cunt, just get inside her and use her juices to ease my cock inside her tight asshole. I continued teasing her pussy as I held her over the sofa, then slid my cock into her pussy making her take it all. 

She screamed "YES YES YES"

I started to thrust in and out of her pussy. I wanted my cock covered in her sex juices. 

After a few minutes Kay let out a mighty "GO bruv more more I'm gonna cum Now Now"

As she cum I withdrew my cock so she could drip all over it. I rubbed her cum all over my cock, then licked and tasted my fingers. Well, I had to enjoy her. Then I started to finger her ass as she was still over the sofa. 

"Oh fuck Gaz" she said as I sank a finger inside her ass hole and wiggled it to start opening it up.

I said "I'm keeping my promise, I'm going to fuck and cum inside your tight ass"

"Oh fuck yes do it" she said

After opening her ass up a little by using my fingers, I got my cock, that was all covered in my sisters juices, at her entrance. I started to tease her hole open. With my cock head pressed against her opening, I pushed to see her anal passage widen and the tip of my cock entered her.

As I pushed a little at a time I said "fuck babe you are tight, just like a little girl cunt" I didn't mean to say that out loud but that's what it felt like and my mind was drifting. 

She said "is that what you want Gaz a tight little cunt to get inside and fuck?"

I didn't reply. 

I thrust my cock further into her ass and as I did, she gripped the sofa and  grunted and groaned "oh fuck fuck fuck"

There I was, now with most of my cock inside my sisters ass. I gave one last push to get fully inside her, she yelped as I did. I was now fully inside her ass, my ball sac up to the entrance of her ass. I stayed there for a while feeling the tightness around my cock. 

I said "fuck that feels so hot"

I then started to thrust in and out of her tight ass. It was so tight that it was like fucking her for the first time ever and got me really horny. So much so that I held her waist and fucked her faster, saying in a breathless tone "oh yeah take it"

She was moaning as I did and it wasn't long before I knew I was going to cum.

I started panting and moaning saying "oh yeah babe, take it sis,  you know you want your ass fucked hard. I'm sooo near to filling it with my cum babe"

"Do it do it, faster faster" she screamed in ecstasy 

My body tensed and I was panting "i'm cumming i'm cumming". 

As I started to squirt inside her tight hole, I got one hand and found Kay's clit. I rubbed it so fast that Kay screamed out loud and squirted all over my balls and some ran down her legs. 

After Kay said "that was bloody fantastic Gaz. Thank you and I love you"

"I love you too sis" I said

Since she moved into her own place, I started to be there more than my own bed, either telling mom and John that I was over a mates place or just fell asleep on Kay's sofa when I was visiting. 

Sadly Kay lost the baby, something that has happened several times and that's why Sophie is precious to us. Even though times were hard, Kay didn't want to come home and wanted us to be more like a couple. So we did a lot of things together, the usual stuff like shopping, day trips out and being together. By this time I'd also found work, so helped her financially and treated her too.

One time when our parents were away, we did spend a weekend away by the sea. It was a place no one knew us and we could be together, holding hands, kissing, arms around one another. It was a wonderful weekend. It was there that we met another couple with a daughter and have stayed friends with them ever since. In fact before Sophie was born, we did swap partners a couple of times with this couple. They were fun times and it was great to see Kay enjoying another man's cock. That's all another story though.  

A few weeks later, Kay said to me "you know when you were fucking my ass, you said I was as tight as girls cunt..."

"Not anymore" I chipped in, smiling. 

"Let me finish" she said abruptly "I want to see what makes you so horny with them. Maybe it's something we could both enjoy"

I was gobsmacked and lay there in bed as quiet as a mouse. After a few minutes, I said "I've got something you can see but not the real thing"

That was the time I showed Kay my porn pics and vids. We looked at loads with various age ranges, all smooth, all small, all flat chested and all looking sexy. There were obviously questions but Kay could see how horny I was getting. I started to finger her cunt and rub her clit as we saw these sexy little girls. 

Whilst playing with Kay, I said things like "look at that sweet looking girl. Beautiful eyes, small body and such a lovely looking pussy, ready to be eaten, ready for cock"

I showed her loads of different girls, posing in panties, nude, legs and pussy open, panties pulled to one side. It was an extra turn on playing with my sisters smooth pussy as we watched younger smooth pussy. It didn't take Kay long to hold my hand tight against her cunt. She then started to convulse and cum. All the time watching the pictures. 

After pulling my fingers from inside her and licking them, I said "well?"

"I can see that they turn you on, the way you just made me cum babe. Would you like to fuck a young girl?" She replied 

I said "only if you agreed sis but yeah of course"

She pondered that then said "keep the pics on or video clips and fuck me Gaz. When you do tell me what you like about them and all about when you fucked Samantha"

Immediately, my cock stood to attention. I couldn't believe that my sister, my 'wife' wanted to watch kiddie porn as I fucked her and wanted to hear about Sam.  

I told her what Sam was like - chubby and because of that she had small bumps in her tit area. She had a puffy pussy with plump pussy lips. She was nice and smooth, got wet between her lips and amazingly could take a few inches of my cock.  I licked her pussy, her puffy lips enveloping my tongue as I probed her small hole. I told her that her pussy tasted nothing like hers and that it was a special taste which was new to me but such a hot flavour and that she'd love it too given the opportunity. 

As I was saying this and fucking Kay, with the kiddie stuff in the background, Kay was moaning so much. I was so horny I was fucking her pussy faster. 

Between my pants and grunts, I continued "oh fuck Kay, you make me so horny. Take my cock, like Sam did. After licking her smooth puffy cunt I spread her open and pushed my cock in her, fuck she was tight, like your ass."

"Yes yes tell me tell me more Gaz" she scream

"I pumped her virgin cunt Kay, fucked her hard fucked her til she was full, then cum all inside her little cunt just like I'm going to do with you sis" I said as I got faster and faster, ready to explode inside her.

"Aaaagghhh ohhhh" I moaned as my body tensed and I filled Kay's cunt with streams of cum. 

After, I collapsed on top of her, kissing her telling her "you're the best" still with the porn on in the background.

As I rolled over, she leaked some cum and  said "so now I know how much that gets you horny, how about you put on some video clips for us to watch as we lie here"

So I found clips of girls being fucked, licked, self playing, being used and we watched. My cock started twitching again as Kay moved her hand between her legs and started fingering herself and working on her clit. She made herself squirt loads and that was the day I knew I had 'converted' my sister. Though it didn't take much persuasion. 

I knew in the future we would share a girl or boy and be forever bonded as kiddie lovers. 
