It was 8 a.m. on Saturday morning as Tehmina woke up refreshed after
a pleasant night's sleep. This forty-year old beauty had a very
maternal look about her being nice and buxom and with a lovely smile.
Her figure may not have let her pass any model's entrance test, but a
little extra flesh here and there worked to her advantage in
developing her personality. Passersby sometimes turned round to look
at her well-rounded buttocks evident through her shalwars and kurtas
of thin cloth that she normally wore.

Tehmina found herself in a unique situation. Though unmarried she had
been appointed as manager cum governess by a millionaire Mr. Malik
for his mansion in Lahore a month ago. In this role, Tehmina also
acted as mother to Malik's 20-year-old daughter Nida and 18 year old
son Mehmood. Malik stayed out of Pakistan for 9 months in a year and
while in Pakistan sought the conjugal embraces from Tehmina, which
she never grudged him. There was another significant role Tehmina had
to play. Malik had been educated in England and had been caned in
English schools. He wanted his children to be subjected to the same
corporal punishments till they were at least 25 years old and sought
Tehmina's help in this regard. He had several tawses and canes
imported specially from England to be used on his beautiful daughter
and handsome son.

Malik was otherwise a liberal minded person. Through Tehmina, he had
conveyed to his daughter that he didn't mind her having sex with boys
provided she kept out of trouble's way and avoided drugs, diseases
and pregnancy. Mehmood was totally under Tehmina's training and was
still a virgin - until that Saturday morning. Tehmina even attended
his baths and sometimes embarrassed the young man by soaping his
genitals and other sensitive areas. Meanwhile, the children adored
the woman they called 'mother' and loved her although she was very
strict. They had lost their mother several years ago and found
themselves naturally drawn to this affectionate lady who laid down
the law for them.

Tehmina meanwhile was getting impatient with the children. Although
Malik had advised her to use the punishment implements as often as
necessary, she had acted with great restraint. In the past month, it
was only twice that her children had felt the sting of the tawse on
their shrinking palms. Both times they received 4 strokes on each
palm which made them beg for mercy but it seems the sting must have
soon evaporated as they resumed their insubordinate behavior. On
Wednesday things had come to a head. Nida was coming home very late
at nights despite warnings and she had caught Mehmood masturbating
very frequently. She called them both and told them that they were to
be punished on Saturday for the entire morning and were to report at
9 a.m. sharp in the room she had designated as the Punishment Room.
The huge room had a double bed, a closet full of punishment
implements, a step-ladder fitted with a carpet and rings to be used
to fasten a person for punishment and other pieces of furniture.

Tehmina got up from her bed and examined herself in the mirror. She
liked what she saw, a loving face and heaving chest. It will soon be
time for giving some loving correction to my children and bringing
them out of their natural shyness. She took a bath and dressed up
using her best perfume and lingerie. Her clothes were made of thin
though expensive white silk and her nipples were virtually visible
through her sheer bra and kurta. She remembered the time when she
used to meet Malik about five years hence and used to provoke him by
wearing bras in which the rings had been cut off so that her nipples
were directly in contact with her kurtas. Malik couldn't take his
eyes off her chest in those days for which she would tease him. Of
course Malik never deciphered the reason for such clear-cut
impressions of the nipples on her outer clothes. It was time to get
on with life and Tehmina looked at her watch. It was 8.55 a.m. as she
reached the Punishment Room. She surveyed the room and about 8
minutes later there was a timid knock on the door and Nida and
Mehmood walked in. She immediately hugged both of them and enveloped
them in her large bosom and kissed them profusely. She then called
her servants on the intercom to say that she or her children were not
to be disturbed for the next four hours and left the receiver off the
hook. She then played some soft music on her sound system that would
go on until stopped. Still holding both children close to her, she
told them that they had been misbehaving too much lately and making a
wrong use of her leniency and she had no alternative but to give them
a long, painful and loving correction. Then holding them at arm's
length, she asked them both to strip completely. "I don't want a
stitch on your bodies" she ordered. Nida and Mehmood looked at each
other and were so embarrassed. Nida cried out, "But Mummy, not in
front of ---- . "I will have none of that improper shyness, today you
will both come out of it and love each other like we should in a
family. Meanwhile, you have erred and must be punished in each
other's presence."

Nida removed her dupatta, removed her shoes, unzipped her kurta and
removed it from her head exposing her lovely breasts enveloped in a
dazzling bra and glorious arms. She then lowered her shalwar and
removed it completely to stand in a mere bikini. Meanwhile Mehmood
was also stripping and having removed his shoes, shirt, vest and
trousers now stood only in his briefs and socks. "I said everything"
stressed Tehmina and soon her children divested themselves of their
remaining clothing and stood before their mother uncomfortably.
Tehmina surveyed the scene impassionately. She had often seen the two
naked but never in each other's presence. She admired their graceful
bodies and did not fail to notice some movement in Mehmood's penis.
She went forward and touched it. It grew a little longer. "This is
punishment not sexual intercourse my boy" she admonished. " I - I am
sorry Mommy, I can't control it". Taking a ruler from her desk she
struck his penis hard once. "Well my boy we will teach you how to
control these things". The stroke only served to grow the penis
longer but Tehmina didn't want any distractions now.

"Okay, Nida, Mehmood go to a corner of the room, kneel down on the
carpet facing the wall and put your hands on your head until I call
you" ordered Tehmina and the two complied. On kneeling down they
realized that their knees were taking a lot of pressure and it was
getting more and more painful by the minute. Tehmina took up an
interesting novel and read it till 9.30, conscious of their position
and pain. Sometimes she would glance at their nude, kneeling postures
and smile. Tehmina removed the smile from her face and got up to
inspect Nida's panties and Mehmood's brief. Her suspicions were
confirmed. Nida's panties had a very musky smell in them. She had
apparently not changed them for 2-3 days and had spent in that
period. Mehmood's briefs were a little dirty and had definite semen
like odor in them. "Look at Mommy, kids, have I not instructed you to
keep your undergarments clean" she said picking out a tawse and
senior cane from her closet and keeping them on her desk. The
children turned around while kneeling and were shocked to see their
intimate clothes in their mother's hands. "Yes, sorry Mommy" said
Nida while Mehmood was speechless with shame.

"Well then come here both of you" said Tehmina.

After 20 minutes in the kneeling position they were naturally
relieved to be called but were alarmed to see the long cane and
fierce looking tawse on the table. Tehmina hugged them again and
admonished them for being late by three minutes. She told Mehmood to
stand a little distance away and pressed Nida's nude back against her
chest and unfolded her palms with her hands. She then picked up the
tawse and brought it crashing down on her quivering right
palm. "That - that - that will teach you to be little late. Three
strokes on each palm should be enough" She then took the other pink
palm in her hands and made it red with similar three strokes with the
girl wailing already. She then instructed Nida to go and lie on the
bed and summoned Mehmood. Nida did so rubbing her palms like they
were on fire. Pressing Mehmood against her chest she opened the
nearby closet and took out a junior cane from it. Soon Mehmood was
caned thrice on both his palms despite his pleas and frantic shouts.
After the caning was over she instructed Mehmood to watch what she
did to Nida next.

Nida was told to lie on her back and take her legs straight up in the
air. In this position Mehmood saw her lovely pussy and couldn't
control his penis from rising. He felt a little guilty being aroused
by his own sister but then she was female and he a male. Tehmina
ordered Nida to take each foot of her to her breasts, which she did
immediately. In the past month the children had learnt never to
disobey during punishments for fear of extra strokes. As Nida brought
her feet to her lovely breasts, her pussy and ass-hole were exposed
to sight and this is precisely what Tehmina wanted. She extracted a
thin leather strap lined with coarse horsehair from the closet and
started lashing Nida's pussy with it despite her shouts, screams and
wailing. She carried out the punishment until Nida's outer lips had
received a dozen strokes and paused. Now with your feet where they
are, open your lips with your hands. Terrified Nida complied and the
strap lashed at the inner lips and anus for a further 8 strokes when
Tehmina stopped and threw the strap on the floor. "That was for not
maintaining your personal hygiene" she pointed out to the agonized
girl who was displaying every aspect of her body by writhing about on
the bed irrespective of her shame. Tehmina then turned to Mehmood and
embraced him with his nose on her breasts. Holding him pressed to her
boobs with her arm, she felt his buttocks and inner thighs, then
picking up the senior cane lashed with all her might in the center of
his buttocks. Mehmood was new to the cane and screamed. The screaming
continued as Tehmina caned his buttocks and gluteal folds where the
thighs meet the buttocks with unremitting fury until she had
administered a dozen strokes. Nida watched in alarm as her brother's
buttocks were getting wealed and reddened more by the second. This
was no ordinary spanking but a very very stinging and painful
punishment, but Nida was having certain pleasant sensations and was
blushed red to have such thoughts with the sight of her brother's
buttocks in such a position. "You play with yourself, I will teach
you how to play more" promised Tehmina.

Tehmina threw the cane on the floor and started petting her child who
had tears in his eyes and was choking after crying out so
much. "There, there, Mommy will comfort you", so saying she unzipped
her low cut silk dress and lowered it a little further to expose her
lovely bras. The bras were the sort that opens from the front.
Opening the bra she made her 20-year-old son suck at her nipples.
Remember this is where you first got your nourishment, she told her
boy as he hungrily sucked at her lovely ripe and brown nipples
momentarily forgetting his burning loins and buttocks. Nida looked in
awe and touched her tortured pussy.
She was wet as if she had dropped a bottle of honey inside herself.
She watched as Tehmina comforted her son in this novel way caressing
the very buttocks, which she had tortured moments before. After a few
minutes Tehmina told her son to lie face down on the bed and applied
a lotion to his buttocks to relieve some of his pain bending down to
kiss his lips with her hair falling on his face puzzling him.

She then turned to Nida and called her and embraced her. After a
minute long embrace, she told her daughter that it pained her greatly
to punish her but she was forced to give her 8 strokes of a senior
cane on her buttocks and inner thighs for violating curfew. Keeping
her in her embrace, she started lashing her daughter with the long
springy cane until her buttocks were almost as wealed and sore as her
son's and she was sobbing and crying hysterically. It was true that
Malik had imported these canes after great research. They were not
the sort that caused any permanent damage, but they produced enough
sting and pain in
naughty bottoms to prevent the punished person from wanting to tempt
her punisher any more. Tehmina dropped the thin cane and inspected
her daughter's lovely bottom, which was changed beyond perception.
She now kissed her daughter profusely and made her suck her breasts
like her brother.

Meanwhile, Mehmood was having the time of his life. Notwithstanding
the pain in his own buttocks, seeing his mother's boobs and sister's
buttocks in such provocative positions turned him on. Nida's cries
were like music to his ears and the weals on her buttocks were
driving him mad with lust. Soon after comforting her daughter,
Tehmina placed Nida on her tummy in the bed and proceeded to apply
the soothing ointment to her buttocks and inner thighs. She was not
surprised to see Mehmood's hard-on. She smiled to herself. It was
time to make her son lose his virginity. She caressed Nida's pussy
and was delighted to see that she had been spending apparently since
quite some time. Nida, she knew, was not a virgin and they would soon
have fun.

She turned to her son, "Didn't I tell this was punishment and not sex
time" Mehmood looked terrified. "I am sorry Mom". Tehmina picked up
her son in her lap and kissed him on the lips. My dear dear boy, have
you been fascinated by Mamma's breasts or your sister's buttocks? I
guess I will strip too my children. So saying she removed her kurta
completely, followed by her shalwar, bra and panties. Her children,
particularly Mehmood was delighted to see her round pink buttocks. It
was the first time they had seen their mother naked. Her breasts were
heaving with excitement and her nipples were hard.

Tehmina applied some lotion to her son's penis and made it slide
between her breasts. Very soon he was about to come and Tehmina now
focussed her attention on her daughter. She went in a 69 position
with her sucking her honey from her tortured pussy-lips and making
her kiss her clitoris. Tehmina's bottom was in the air as she sent
down on her daughter's wet pussy. Mehmood went mad with lust on
seeing her lovely big buttocks and started kissing and biting them
lightly. He then attempted to enter his mother near his sister's
tongue but Tehmina put a stop to that for the time being. Getting up
from her position she kissed her son on the mouth and locked herself
into an embrace with him. She then found his well-lubricated penis
and made it slip between her breasts. After a few strokes he came.
The squirts of his semen flying around the room and covering her
face, neck and chest region. They lay there for about five minutes
while Nida hungrily ate her mother's pussy.


Setting her son aside for a while, Tehmina looked at her daughter
lovingly. "Come Honey, eat your brother's cum from Mommy's face, neck
and boobs." Nida was a little hesitant. Tehmina picked up the strap
and lashed it across Nida's breasts. "Do as I say dear" she commanded
the strap again lashing her lovely breasts and reddening them. "Yes,
yes, please don't lash me" Nida leapt towards her Mommy's chest and
started licking in between her breasts to eager to avoid the lash but
Tehmina lashed her all over her body six times more to teach her a
lesson. "Will you ever disobey me again, Honey" "No, no Mommy, I am
sorry" said Nida sucking up every drop of the semen mixed with the
lubricating lotion as her body had ugly red marks all over her back
and chest. The sight of his writhing sister was enough to give
Mehmood a hard-on again.

After Nida licked the semen up, Tehmina got up and looked at her
son. "So you attempted to enter Mommy, did you" she looked at her son
and picked up a riding crop from the closet. "You wanted to enter the
place from where you came out. Well maybe we allow you that luxury in
view of your lust but not before you have done your penance" So
saying she started lashing her son's back, buttocks and thighs with
the crop mercilessly holding him close to her breasts. Mehmood's
senses were in total disarray. Here he was getting the worst whipping
of his life, yet he was mad with lust for his own mother. Soon the
crop chastised certain delicate parts of his making him cry out in
agony. Meanwhile, Tehmina put the crop down and admired her
handiwork. She looked at Mehmood's hard on and saw Nida's hungry
look. "Nida eat your brother" she ordered. Nida without hesitation
starting sucking her brother's long, hard penis almost choking her.
She soon sensed that he was coming and looked at her mother for
advice. Tehmina knew that Nida was near the time of her monthly
period. She made Mehmood enter his sister's pussy and started caning
his buttocks from behind severely. With every stroke of the cane,
Mehmood thrust into his sister's pussy until she was yelping with
pain and pleasure. Soon he came inside her and the caning stopped.
Mehmood kissed his sister and seemed to drop dead after his second
climax. After a few minutes, Tehmina made him come out of her and
proceeded to lick the tasty mixture of her children's spendings from
Nida's pussy. Nida went mad with pleasure. "Thank you Mommy, I have
never had such pleasure" said Nida. So you see you risk your life by
going out at night with shady friends when we can have fun inside the
house as a loving family. Don't you see the folly of your ways?"
questioned her mother. Yes, yes Mommy she replied. And you young man
said Tehmina turning to Mehmood, one day you will be married and
wedded
to a beautiful woman. But what if you are wedded to a bad habit of
masturbation already, then can you be of any service to your
wife. "Mommy, I am truly sorry but what was I to do, being a young
man and constantly excited by glimpses of your lovely breasts off and
on" replied Mehmood. Now that you have seen the full picture perhaps
you will masturbate more. So saying she took a ruler and started
tapping his glans penis with it hard about ten times. I punish the
very part guilty of the offence as you can see, she said. "Mommy can
I enter you" said Mehmood as he got another hard on with the
tapping. "Okay" but just before you come you will take out your penis
and put it in Nida's mouth" allowed his mother. Mehmood was wild with
joy, he rode his mother for more than five minutes causing her great
pleasure when sensing something he came out of his Mom and got into
Nida's waiting open mouth. As soon as Nida's tongue made contact with
his tortured penis he came and shot his load deep into her throat,
with Nida eagerly tasting every drop before swallowing it down. She
kept the penis into her mouth for a minute or two until it seemed to
get limp.

Although Tehmina wanted Mehmood's cock badly she maintained her
dignity and thought of the dildo Malik had presented her which felt
like jelly and was very long. "Okay kids, its 1 o'clock and I think
you have learnt your lessons. Now I want you kneel down and as a mark
of penance kiss the implements used on you and finally Mommy's pussy.
First Nida knelt down and kissed the tawse, strap, and cane, then
Mehmood knelt and kissed the ruler, tawse, cane and crop. Finally
they thanked their mother by kissing her pussy.

When they met at lunch after an hour, everything seemed normal
although the servants might have wondered why the two youngsters
squirmed uneasily in their seats and looked lovingly at each other
and their lovely mother.





