It all happened on my mom's 49th birthday. I was watching TV in our living room just when she came in wrapped in black silk saree. My mother looked real hot in sarees. "Happy birthday, mom." I wished her. mom was looking upset as dad was out on tour abroad on her birthday. It was my chance to seduce her. "Come on mom, I am with you...we'll celebrate." mommy looked at me with gloomy look. She had a light coat of make-up on. Her lips looked wet. "How can you give me company of your dad? you are my son." Mommy explained herself. I went close to my mom and kept my hand over her white fleshy shoulder, "why don't you take me as your hubby when dad's not here. Come on be my wife and I'll take you to a dinner out." "You mean it? But what if anybody comes to know this..." Mommy looked worried. But I told her that nobody would recognize us... and she agreed.

"Now get ready, rajani." I called her by her name. She blushed red in her cheeks and went to her room. She came back in 20 minutes and I was spellbound. My 49 year old mommy had put on a real loud make-up. "I always wanted to go with a boyfriend with heavy make-up on. Please don't mind." "No no mom...you are looking real hot." I watched her bossom heaving up and down as she breathed. Rajani had a real pair of jugs. Her enormous boobies looked prominent from her saree pallu. I took her to a five star hotel. We chose a table that was quite off the crowd. I ordered wine for both of us. After some time mommy started looking dizzy. I was watching her moist red lips as she ate chicken tikkas. Just then she saw me watching her, "You're looking too much at me." Mommy said.

"Your damn sensuous,mom. I wish I had a wife like you." I took her hand in my hand. mommy was trembling but she managed to ask me, " Stop picking on me...I know I have grown old and fat now." My mother's eyes were sparkling with mischeif. "You don't know mom but you are woman of my hot dreams. You look so hot when you wear low sarees." I said. "Why? ...so that you can gaze at my navel...... I like to wear sarees that way too." Mommy pressed my hand hard in her hand. "I want to kiss you on your navel, mom!" I slided my hand in mom's pallu and rubbed her satini belly. Mom shut her eyes and sighed, " Oooooh ...ouch...someone might see us.." she said. Just then I slipped my finger in my mother's deep navel, "Ooooh no..noh..nooooh...pleeease..." Mom pleaded but I kept on loving her navel....finally my mother gave in and said, "Take me home..please. I'll do anything you want." I took her home. She locked the door from inside and I lifted her in my arms.

I brought her to my bedroom, " Kiss me mom, kiss me you bitch." mom opened her mouth and I smooched her deep. Mommy got horny too. She started shoving her tongue in my mouth saying, "I am very lonely, my son. You turn me sooo hot baby take your mother ...give me your love..make me your mommy doll." We had a very long kiss...biting lips..sucking tongues. Even at 49 my darling mother was a real hot bitch in bed. She sucked my tongue so horny that I sqeezed her bottom from over her saree. "Please lick my navel, my son. I feel very sexy with my navel getting smooched by a man...please.." Mommy dropped her pallu and stood before me with her white satini belly uncovered. "You have a deadly navel, rajani." I flicked the tip of my tongue on her lower belly. She was so soft and silky. "Put it in my navel..please..dahhhling...pleeeease." She was getting hotter. I grabbed the bit extra flesh on her waist and kept my lips on her navel. She smelt damn erotic there. I smooched her real hard on her oozing navel. Mommy writhed in ecstacy. I held her hard by her waist and started biting her lower belly and licking her navel.. mom was juggling in my grip like a fish....I peeledoff her saree and slip. Now my sexy mother was on red panties and black satin blouse before me. I unzipped and pulled out my 9 inch bulge befor my mother. Mommy gazed at my pole very hungrily. She took me in her soft palm, "You are so big...I never knew.. With this cock you can have your mommy stripped anytime, my son."

"I want to see your mouth dancing on my cock, rajani." "You can put it in my mouth for the whole night long." Mommy once agiain rubbed the lipstick over her lips abundantly while giving me hot looks. Now her lips shinned so wet and red that I wanted her to suck my cock immediately.. Mommy's demure fingers started dancing over my cock and finally she swallowed my full bulge in her mouth. Her hot slippery mouth felt so tight over my pole that I made her take it full inside her sexy mouth.. "I might come in your mouth, mom..oooh..." "It's ok..do it..fuck my mouth" I shot my load in mom's mouth. Mom swallowed every drop of it.

"Now you have some drink...I'll do a hot dance for you." mommy went in other room and came back. She had a few hooks of her blouse opened and she had wrapped an orange dupatta over her bums. My mom looked terrific. Her inviting body started giving me a hard-on once more. She looked like statue of marble..such was her body gloss. She satrted gyrating her body in a very erotic manner. I could not take my eyes off her wriggling derrier. Mom had a full round ass. A very hot and tight one. Her boobies bounced heavily, those white fleshy thighs thundered enormously.

"You have heavenly melons..take off your blouse now & show me your tits, Rajani." Mommy unhooked her blouse completely and threw it on me. My mother looked real niche topless. Her tits had hardened dark red in those two and half inch pink aeriols. Mommy took her heavy bust in her hands and said, "See your mommy's burning bossom..lick me my son, kiss me..sqeeze me..." I took her tit in mouth. Mommy was shoving her entire bust in my mouth like a female on heat. I sqeezed those milky white melons of lust brutally. Mommy started panting, "Oooooh yes...my son....oooooh ..hah..hahh..oooh...bahby.. you are soooooo gooood..bite me raja...uui maaa...haahh." I sucked and sqeezed her boobs red and blue.

" I wanna fuck your big white ass, Rajani. Go on bed." Mom went on bed and sat on knees with her creamy ripe ass tossed up. She also gyrated her bottom seducing me... I parted her handful asscheeks and saw the red hot crack of my mother's steaming ass. I rubbed the tip of my cock over her rear pink hole. Her entire torsso writhed at the touch of my penis on her little pink lovedoor. With a gigantic thrust I went half way in her ass. "Uuui maam...it's too big son...it's paining..please don't..no.. nooh..pleeeease stop....please....oooh...huh..haahh...uuuui maaaaaaa.." she was screaming . I was in no mood to give up on that tight ass. I made one more attempt and I was completely in her ass. The very feeling of having my cock inside mom's tight hot ass hardened my cock like never before in her ass. It virtually inflated her ass!

Now mommy was getting it sweet and she jerked her entire ass real wild. Her soft white ascheeks were slamming my balls and I was spanking my mother in her ass for real. The very sight of my mother's nude posterior dancing on my pole gave me real hots. She danced her ass so wild that I shot in wads inside her sizzling ass..almost taering her ass! My mother fell by my side..her lipstick gone all astray over her cheeks..her hair all entangled...her lips swollen..ner navel wet with my saliva yet... all exhausted1!

From next day on she became my night-queen and started sleeping naked in my bed. She sprayed her entire body with perfumes an made me lick her all over..When dad' not home she only wears panties and blouse at home. I pull her panties down anytime and drill her sizzling tight ass. Yesterday while she was making chapatis I had her lean over kitchen paltform and fucked her ass. Even at 50 now my mother is tight like a collage girl. In the evening she wears sarees far below her biwitching navel seducing me for night's session. Her navel smells damn erotic and I take her to bed regularly now...