
Hi Friends
I have been reading and enjoying Kerala erotica for a long time now. The stories really turn me on. I am currently Uk now and this happened to me recently whilst i was here. To describe myself I am a medium built Malayali guy just like other regular guys. I love sex and prefer Indian women so much that I had been tempted to try some of the massage parlours with Indian girls here but scared to try it(Fucking a mallu girl is always a dream com true though). This happened once when my sister in law ( I will call her Sandhya of course not her real name) came to stay with us for some time. Shes married but been living away from hubby for some time. To describe her shes about 5 feet 3inches and probably a 38C-25-38 and fair complexioned in her 30s. I never had any feelings for her but things changed once she came over to stay with us for a few days. It all started when I was folding clothes and among the washings I saw her white panties and thats what changed my attitude towards her. I have this fetish for panties and especially white that it kind of got me all hot. So began observing her more closely and realised that actually she was quite sexy and her kundi was especially quite big. More over theres always the alure for the other mans wife cos u want to know what shes like. But obviously I wasnt prepared to make the first move cos I was afraid of the consequences incase it all went wrong. (Generally I prefer the female to make the first move cos that way it makes things easier). So instead I used to think about her and wank myself silly.
 
One Thursday everyone in the house had gone to work and this left me alone with my inlaw. As it was my day off I slept late in to the morning. I got up about 10 am and went to have my shower and stuff to start the day. I some how had forgotten to lock the bathroom door and was applying soap when the door suddenly opened. I was really shocked to find Sandhya at the door! Well she was kind of shocked as well from her facial _expression and this was soon replaced by embarassment. We looked at each other for probably a few seconds, well that was infact enogh time for her to see my naked body. Anyway she muttered a sorry and went down. So I finished my bath and pretended that nothing happened and went downstairs.
She was watching TV. We were both not looking at each other as we were both embarassed. Finally she said sorry that she barged in. I thought this was perhaps an oppurtunity and said rather jokingly that it was perhaps nothing she had never seen before. She gave me a wicked smile and said they do come in different sizes and form. Well I consider myself well endowed between my legs and it was at half mast when she saw it too. I decide to play along and said so you think its big. Then she started telling me about her sex life and I realised that she was a desperate housewife. So I enquired about it and she suddenly became open about it and told me that the last time she had sex was nearly 3 months. I appeared shocked and told her that her hubs probably missing out on a sexy beautiful woman like her. She asked, "do you really find me sexy......... and i said yes ofcourse. I went to the kitchen and came back with a glass of water and sat on the same couch as her. By now I was on fire too. This was my chance I thought and should not miss this. So I asked her "Did you enjoy what you saw" and she blushed. I decided to keep the momentum and I continued to tell her that masturbation can be helpful. Thats when she said sex was different and the other persons hand was much better. I looked at her and said she could borrow mine and laughed and thats when she dropped the bombshell and said she woudnt mind at all. 
I slowly put my hand over hers and said its all yours. She took it and placed it on her 38C tits and my member sprang up to life. She was wearing a nighty and bra and i began to squeeeze her tits thru her clothes. Immediately my lips locked on to hers and I began sucking on her upper lips while she darted her tongue down my throat. She smelt good too as she also had a bath. I immediately stuck my hands inside her bra and felt her nipples. They were stiff and hard. I removed my hands from her breasts and cought hold of her legs and placed it on mine. I slid my right hand up her nighty and felt for the elastic of her panty. With my L hand I was squuezing her breasts and my lips were locked on to hers. She was trying to pull my shorts down too. I helped her remove my shorts and she gasped when she saw my tool at 8.5 inches. I made her stand up now and said I wanted to see her in all possible angles in her bra and panty. So she removed her nighty and ther she sood in front of me in her white bra and panty. She posed for me in differnt angles with he legs apart and i concentrated mainly on her vulval region which was slightly apprent thru her panty. She began teasing me for some more time but i couldnt hold on longer. I immediately put my hands in her panties and felt those luscious lips. Her hair was nicely trimmed just the way I like it. and I could feel some wetness too. I pulled down her panty and had a good look at her vulva. I could see her slit now. It perfectly covered her inner labia. Compared to her white thighs the blackness stood out and I just wanted to stare at it longer. I lay her on the sofa and brought my face close to her cunt. I slowly parted her nether lips and I found her shining black iner lips. I kissed it and gently spread those labia to search for her clit. and there it was this tiny pink stub. i licke it first and then sucked on it. She started moaning.......ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh thats nice .....dont stop. I could get the smell of her cunt now that my nose was very close to it. AAAAAAAAAHh it smelt good....her musky aroma. I explored further down and saw her pink walled vagina. I stuck m y tongue in it and began to taste the juices...kind of salty to tasteless stuff i thought but the whole atmosphere made it just taste wonderful. I decided to put into pratice the kambi things i read from kambi books. I spread her legs really wide and began lickig from her anus towards her clit. It tasted funny and the two smells were so erotic!!!!!!!. She was enjoying it soo much that it was an incentive to go on. I felt her cumming as she stiffened and let out a few gasps whilst pushing her vulva closer to my face. Seeing her cum made me so horny that i decided to stimulate her clit with my fingers. I made her cum 4 times with finger stimulation on the clit 2 of which she said was big. Now I decided it was my turn now. B efore that i wanted to do what i have seen in blue films. So i made go doggy style and then buried my face into her huge ass (I am very much of an ass man u see). I just didnt want to stop. Finally i made her lie on her back and placed one leg on my shoulder while tilting her to the side slightly. She helped guide me and my god was it tight.All her cum juices helped in the entry though.I began pumping her slowly with long strokes and she started moaning loudly. She said the sensation was too much and I realised I might be hitting the G spot. The feeling of my raw flesh rubbing against her inner walls was so undescribable. I couldnt take it any longer and began pumping her really hard and fast that the sofa started creaking. That added to my pleasure. I soon burst as I felt the pressure building in my loins and with a loud moan i collapsed on her. I just couldnt describe the feeling at all that I wished the pleasure would last longer. She enjoyed everybit of it too and thanked me for it. I wiped my self clean with her panty and we both took a shower together. We had a few more sessions in differnt positions and I taught her a few techniques to enhance pleasure during sex. And man does she give fantastic blow jobs. We promised ourselves that no one should ever know about it as obviously it would be bad for both of us.I showed her this site and told her that I would be writing this story with a different name. Those probably another time. I hope you enjoyed my experiance.
Any 