When Reshma walked into my office, I knew some- thing was wrong. Reshma is twenty-eight year old floor Incharge in our factory. She wore a white Salver Kameez.


"Thank you for seeing me with no notice," she said, her voice a low, "I'm fairly desperate, and you're the only one I could think of who might be able to help me."

"Please," I interrupted. "Sit down & what kind of help do you need?" I asked.

Financial."

"To the tune of?" I inquired.

"Thirty-two thousand," she almost whispered.

"A fairly hefty sum. I think your husband is financially well why you need much."

"My Husband should not. If he knew, it would kill him."

"You want to tell me about it?"

"I've had," she paused a second, "an affair before marriage

This money is to pay him to keep his mouth shut.

"I see."

"The whole thing was an awful mistake," she said

"I see."

How will you repay it ?"

Two thousand a month?

Your Salary is Rs. 3,500 & if yu pay Rs. 2000 without your Husband not knowing ?

Her voice was choked I know I can't manage.

"Perhaps sex will get you out of it."

She stared at me for a long moment.

"Surely you're not suggesting that I sell myself."

"Not to just anybody, Reshma. You're not a common whore.

"You don't understand..." she began.

"Oh, I think I do, dear," I cut her off. "You are in need of thirty-two thousand, on the sly, so to speak. I've got it and can lend it to you. All you have to do is pay it back. I'm offering you a method.

"In fact, depending on the demand, you could pay this whole amount off in less than a year.

"I don't see that I have any choice. What are the details?"

For next twelve months, you have to service me.

Ok.

I reached for the intercom and asked accountant to give Reshma Rs. 32,000 as advance.

I then turned to Reshma & told her to ,meet me next day at Nehru Place.

Next day I picked her up from Nehru Place & drove to Suraj Kund.

Once in room she looked straight into my eyes. Her hands moved to release the buttons holding her blouse on. I watched as she unbuttoned each one and then shrugged her shoulders to release the garment from her shoulders.

The lovely mounds of flesh on her chest welled up from the white bra she had on. Her hands found the clasp on the back and unsnapped it. As she slowly pulled the ends out and away, her firm, white tits came fully into view. My heart pounded as my hand brushed along the top, side and bottom of her generous breasts. I let my finger slide over the hardening nipple."

I leaned over and kissed the top of one breast, then the other. I weighed them in my hands, then lifted one and then the other to my lips. I gently kissed the nipple, running my tongue over the protrusion in my mouth.

"I never dreamed," I said, my hot breath on her growing nipple. "So ripe. So tender. So delicious."

I let my tongue circle the areola. I flicked it lightly, sucking it between my lips and teeth. She moaned as my teeth rubbed across the engorged little bud.

"So!" I said, pulling back a little. "You do enjoy it."

"Yes," she replied softly

"I know you might find this hard to believe, Reshma," I said softly, "but, I want this to be as good for you as I know it's going to be for me. It's not my intention to use you, but to amuse you, arouse you, and to please you."

I cupped one breast in each hand and gently massaged them.

I reached Salver& untied her Salwar. She pushed it over her incredible hips and let it slide down. My cock started to throb at that sight of black panties .


I slid fingers under the waistband and down. It was incredibly sexy to watch her. She stood up and faced me. Her pubic hair was shaved to a small strip.
"What about you?" she said. "You will you enjoy with all your clothes on?"

"Of course not," I answered, Reshma went to work on my pants as I wrestled with the buttons on my shirt. She unhooked my belt, then released the catch. I felt her fingers slide over my erection as she unzipped my trousers.

"Let me," I said, kicking off my shoes and sliding my shirt off at the same time. I pulled the under vest over my head and tossed it onto the chair. Her lips came up to mine and she kissed me passionately. Her tongue slid between my lips and teeth and teased at mine. Her glorious breasts were pushed into my chest, and her breathing was becoming quicker.

I pulled away from her kiss and looked at her. "You seem to be very much into this."

I've had dreams," she said simply.

"Indeed." I let my pants slide to the floor, then pulled my briefs off. I led her over to the bed. She sat down and took a hold of my nearly stiff cock. She held it in one hand, passing the other over the tip. Then she stuck her tongue out at licked off the drop of pre-cum that had formed on the end.

She kissed the end of my rod as if it were her lover's lips. She gently sucked it, tongued it, and held it between her lips for what seemed like minutes. Then she kissed it's length, little tiny sucking kisses all the way down the side to the root, then back up the other side to the tip. I shuddered with the sensation as one hand grasped my balls and she lightly scratched behind them. It had the effect of pushing me forward, and as I moved, her lips and mouth engulfed me.

It was all I could do to breathe; the sensations were so strong. As she held most of me in my mouth, her tongue beat upon the underside of my shaft. Then she locked on it with her lips and pressed me to the roof of her mouth with her tongue. I could the feel little sucking motions of her tongue as she held me there, all the while scraping her fingernails under and around my balls.

"You are just marvelous," I said through short, heavy breaths. "But, really, you must stop. I will surely come in just a few moments. I want to save that for later."

Oh, I see," she said.

I slid my fingers over her belly and into the soft, wet folds of her pussy. She gasped as my finger found her little love bud. I removed it, licked it, and slid it back to find her clit. As I circled it with my finger, she began to moan.

As I slid my finger around her hot, wet, love box she arched her back and pushed her hips upward. My finger found her hole and she moaned softly as it slid in. I circled it lightly then slid out to encircle her little bud again. Three times I made the circuit and then slid it back into her. She put her hand on top of mine and said, "There. Leave it there."

She began to hump my fingers, making them slide in and out of her. Her moans became grunts and her pace quickened. She put both her hands on mine and pushed hard. She was firing off like a rocket. Her hips arched upward and I could feel her cunt compressing and releasing as she came, her voice making a low "oooohhhhhhh" sound. She collapsed her hips down one the bed and I removed my hand.

I went to kneel in front of her. My tongue was trembling for the contact with her sweet pussy. I lifted her knees over my shoulders and pulled her damp, sweet love-box to my lips. I kissed her labia, tonguing the inner and searching for that throbbing little clit. Her hands grabbed the back of my head and pulled me into her. I finally achieved the marvelous position where my tongue was fucking her hole while my nose stimulated her clit.

"Oh, Sir," she moaned. "my husband never does me like this. Mmmmmm, I swirled my tongue inside her, licking up her juices. My hard organ throbbed and my head swam with the sensation. I licked at her furiously.

She began that low moaning, almost a growl and I felt her cunt compress my tongue. She almost turned inside out, pressing against the wave of her orgasm.

"How do you want me?" I asked. "you on top, or what?"

"No, no. Like this," she said, rolling her body around on the bed, kneeling on it and presenting her back to me.

"Dogy-style," I said.

I stood behind her, taking my cock in my hand and sliding it around her slit. I found her hole and slid in very slowly.

"Oh, yessss!" she whispered. "Yes. Just like that."

I held very still and let the sensation and excitement subside. But, Reshma, kneeling there with my cock inside her was desperate for sensation. She began to rock her hips, causing my dick to slide partially out of her and rub the front of her pussy. She moaned and rocked backward, taking me fully inside her.

"Slowly," I commanded. "I want the complete feeling of your cunt wrapped around my cock."

She slowed but continued to move. I put my hands on her delicate waist and slid them down to those glorious hips. I had to control the rhythm or she would make me come too soon. I rocked my hips forward to greet her backward thrusting. Then released her partially to slide away from me.

"Mmmmmm," she moaned. "Just there. So good."

I set the pace. Three partial strokes and then the full. Three and the full. Three and the full. She started to growl again.

"Are you enjoying?" I asked.

"Yes," she said through gasping breaths, "Yes, I'm enjoying."

When I felt the constrictions begin inside her I dropped the three short strokes and just plunged into her time and again to my full length.
"Oh, faster, faster

I drove my cock into her, time and time again, fighting against the contractions in her pussy. I felt the orgasm begin to build behind my balls. I pulled her hips to me and pounded away. She was virtually screaming now as her orgasm continued, her interior muscles milking my cock. My own orgasm rushed down on me like a huge wave. I plunged as deep as I could into her and started spewing my seed inside her. My own grunts mingled with her screams and we came in one terrible and tremendous rush of emotion and elation.

When my cock had stopped shooting, I gently caressed her back. I slide my cock slowly in and out of her sopping pussy. I didn't want this to end. I told her so.

"I know," she said. "Me either. Just keep doing what you're doing."

"You know, Larry," she said, standing and cleaning herself, "we should have done this a long, long time ago."

"I'm glad to hear you say that, Reshma. It makes the money seem much less of an important issue."

"I'm sorry about the money she said.

I found my briefs and pants and pulled them on.

It is a starting of a new avenue for me.