Vee started off her morning like she would any other day she was off.
At noon.
She rolled out of bed and into the shower, spending an inordinate amount of time and the earth's water on washing off the grime of the night before. Even though she'd bathed every morning when she got home, sometimes it just wasn't enough. A particularly pervy encounter with a too-drunk bachelor party of 8 left her feeling drained and dirty. She was all too pleased to give James, her favorite bouncer, the non-verbal go ahead to escort the rowdy party out, but by the then the ass grabbing and the name calling was enough to entice her to use her flair for fire breathing for something other than crowd pleasing.
Vee lathered her tired body with vanilla goodness, letting the grime of her week swirl away down the drain at her red lacquered toes. She let herself writhe to the particularly sultry Portishead song echoing in her small bathroom. She was literally dancing for joy at her much needed time off. Seven days straight on account of her bartender best friend taking an impromptu dirty weekend with her new and improved boyfriend, and her brain was desperate for daylight.
"Tera owes me her first born..." Vee muttered as she wrung out her shoulder length black hair. She scrunched a gob of gel into her otherwise straight locks for the sake of texture and pulled on her favorite grey plaid mini. The kilt barely covered her ass but she felt her knee high Doc Martens were enough coverage for the breezeless autumn day. She grabbed her favorite blazer that she bought at a thrift store in the little boys section as an afterthought, to put on over the loose white tee she'd slept in the night before. Her wardrobe complete, she shoved a twenty into her blazer pocket and with that she was out the door, keys in hand.
The Café was only blocks away from her apartment, and her plan was just to pop in and grab a sandwich and an orange juice and be on her way to her friend Tera's house to welcome her back home and divulge the details of her horrendous work week and make her feel thoroughly evil for taking off on such short notice and for such an enviable cause.
At least that was the plan.
The Café was crowded, which was not unusual for a Thursday afternoon. Vee grabbed her OJ and sandwich, all was business as usual. That is until she got in line.

From the second he saw her walk in, Josh was gone. Everything about this scenario was wrong. He was having lunch with his girlfriend for chrissake! A girl he, for all practical purposes was still very interested in.
Still, there was something undeniable about the way his cock reacted to the sight of the impish girl. The way her crimson painted fingertips grazed her lower lip as she contemplated organic versus Tropicana orange juice. Her furrowed brow as she unconsciously struggled with the urge to reach into her purse and reach for the pack of cigarettes that were probably always in tow. Her almond shaped brown eyes, rimmed with day-old liner.
He wanted to absorb every part of her until there was nothing left he didn't know. He wanted to know every inch of her tawny skin. He wanted those pink lips wrapped around his cock, he wanted those combat boots entwined around his back. He wanted to be buried to the hilt in her little pussy. He wanted to hear what kind of sounds she'd make as he pounded into her with abandon.
By then his girlfriend had noticed his attention had shifted, and more importantly, so had the mystery girl.
He turned to his girlfriend but only long enough to explain to her that his mystery girl was an old friend from high school and the eye contact they'd made was an unavoidable invitation to approach her and have a perfunctory catch-up.
"She doesn't look like she recognizes you, Josh..." Madeline interjected suspiciously.
"Yeah well, Maddy, what if she does? It would be rude of me not to say something. After all, she was a really good friend of mine." And with that Madeline was mollified, for what possible agenda could her amazing boyfriend have?

The stranger stood from his corner table and walked purposefully over to where Vee stood uncomfortably in line.
Her heart pounded, as he approached, blue eyes fixed on hers. He was taller than she'd expected. By attire alone, she'd guess he was a professional. His three piece suit said it all. Still, he was young. Around her age, mid twenties, brown hair. He almost knocked into a teenaged girl down as he made a bee line for her person. He paused to mutter his apologies but his eyes never left her own. He smiled as if he knew her, he hugged her as if they were friends. She wracked her brain. She met so many people on a nightly basis at work that it could very well have been true. Maybe she was out of her mind, maybe her vanity had created this situation out of nothing.
"You don't know me," the stranger whispered, still wrapped in her reluctant embrace. "And I don't know you. That's my girlfriend sitting across the room. I told her you were an old friend from high school. I just needed an excuse to come over here and tell you that I need to see you again. I don't care how or when, but I _need_ to see you again. I know this sounds insane, and believe me, I understand if you think... whatever it is you're thinking right now. But please, just say the word, say any word. I'll follow."
At this the stranger pulled away. Vee looked up at him, upright he was almost a whole head taller than her. She smiled nervously, waving at the girl across the room boring holes into her head. Everything in her screamed _no_ , but she couldn't help herself.
More disturbingly something primal in her whispered _yes._
Before she could stop herself, words flew from her mouth as if by their own volition. "Meet me in the lobby of the blue building across the street in fifteen minutes." By then she'd found herself mercifully at the register. She paid for her booty wordlessly and quickly exited toward her apartment building.
 _What am I doing? Can we say serial killer?! And I just waved to his girlfriend, am I out of my fucking mind? I don't do shit like this, I'm no prude but this is just a little too 9 1/2 weeks for my taste... well I could just not show up. I could just hide in my apartment until he leaves. Not that he'll even show up at all. I mean he might chicken out, he might not even have meant it. Maybe it was just to see if he's still got it or something, sick fuck..._
All the while she was trying to talk herself out of it. All the way home her pussy was melting.
Vee threw open her door, throwing everything in her arms onto the purple velvet couch in her living room. She ran into the bathroom, planting herself in front of her medicine cabinet, staring into her own reflection calling upon every ounce of common sense in her to stay inside.

Josh sat at the table with Madeline, his girlfriend of two years and planted a tender kiss on her forehead as he willed his leg to stop shaking. Maybe it was the anticipation of things to come, maybe it was the thrill of doing something so incredibly wrong. For a second he felt a pang of guilt as his adoring girl looked into his eyes, unknowing. He looked down at his watch as inconspicuously as he could, eyeing the lobby of the blue building across the street.
 _Maybe she's there already. Maybe she's already waiting for me._
The thought that she might leave struck him for only a second and that was enough to urge him to his feet. "Baby, I've gotta get back to work now. I'll see you when I get home tonight." Madeline's face fell. She knew there was at least another ten minutes before he absolutely had to get back, but she didn't say anything. Maybe he was just getting a head start. It made her beam with pride at her corporate tiger. Still, something lingered there, a hint of suspicion unfamiliar to her.
"Alright baby, I'll see you when you get home. Have a good day." He nodded briskly and made his way to his Audi as quickly as he could without raising suspicion. He circled the block for a second until he knew she was gone, inside one of the stores most likely. He parked his car a ways away in a covered parking lot where Madeline wouldn't find it and jogged the rest of the way back.
 __
14 minutes...
He was out of breath. By the time he got inside, the elevator doors were opening. Inside stood his dream girl. She still wore the look of uncertainty she had when he first approached her. He rushed in, sweeping her in his arms. He pushed her against the wall of the shabby elevator, throwing her legs around his waist as he held her up with his hands. His lips crushed into hers as her thin arms wrapped around his strong neck, returning his desperate kiss.

Her doubts melted away as he pussy flooded against the feel of his cloth covered cock pressing frantically into her. He pulled at her panties, at first trying to pull them down her legs but realizing that it would mean breaking their embrace, he ripped the cotton strip off her instead. It stung for a moment, but the sting was quickly replaced by the feel of fingers shoving into her willing snatch. She groaned into his mouth as his digits invaded her depths. For a moment she realized the elevator wasn't moving. She pulled away just long enough to push 5, but even that was too much of a pause for him and he groaned his protest. The elevator made it's slow ascent as the stranger continued his assault on her too-willing frame. The sounds of their tryst filled the elevator shaft as they finally reached their destination.
Vee pulled him towards her door. They almost didn't make it, as his ministrations throughout their short journey were building a familiar burn in her pelvis. The stranger turned the doorknob and with that he lifted the tiny girl into his arms, wrapping her legs around him. He carried her into what he presumed correctly to be the bedroom. Vee moaned at his absence as he laid her down on the unmade bed. The stranger took a moment to just take in the sight of her, splayed as she was. Her tiny kilt had ridden up to her waist, leaving her shaved pussy bare.
The thought of him looking at her, so exposed made her even wetter. She gazed at him longingly as he ripped off his clothes. Vee quickly followed suit, pulling off her tee shirt and skirt. She unzipped her boots as quickly as she could, throwing them to the ground, leaving a pile at the foot of the bed.

Josh fell on top of her, his cock slapping his belly as he landed. He took a tiny nipple into his mouth, wrapping a large hand around her free breast. _A perfect handful._ He mused, as he suckled at her brown nub. The girl whimpered as he slid his hand down from her warm tit to her searing slit. Her eyes all but rolled into the back of her head in ecstasy as he swirled a skilled thumb over her hard little clit. Never before had he taken so much personal satisfaction in pleasuring another. He was hardly a selfish man, but something in the way this little imp moaned, it made him want to try harder, to make her squeal. Squeal she did as he rose to his knees, readying himself for entry.
"Oh god..." She moaned lustily. "Please.... Oh god... please..." He almost lost it as she whimpered this.
"Please what?" He growled.
"Please fuck me..."
Josh shoved his entire length into her in own final motion. The girl sank her crimson nails into his muscled back as he pushed deeper, seemingly trying to fill every part of her. The lovers lay still for a moment, each adjusting. Finally the girl began to write underneath him.
 _The minx is impatient._
Josh, ever eager to please, pulled out slightly, only to thrust once more. He grabbed onto the wrought iron headboard, steadying himself as he built a rhythm. In and out, in and out. The feel of her silken snatch grabbing onto him, seeming to suck him in was almost too much to bear. He leaned down, engulfing her lips with his own.

The stranger pounded into her with the fervor of a starving man, and she replied in kind with a hunger that she didn't know she had in her.
"Tell me you want me, tell me you have to have me." He moaned into her lips. She pulled away for a moment to consider the absurdity of his request. After a moment she wrapped her arms around his neck and moaned her resignation.
"I need you, I have to have you, I'll die if I never get to feel this again." And what frightened her most, she meant it.
The stranger groaned as his pace quickened. He reached down his free hand toward the apex of their union and began to strum her clit in time with his thrusts. Vee screamed uncontrollably to the chorus of his hips meeting hers. That familiar feeling was building, all she needed was just another minute at this pace for her to reach oblivion. She clutched the sheets as he slammed into her, her legs shaking around him as her body soared higher and higher towards climax.
Finally his fingers hit that note, his pace reached the point of blurring. Vee screamed as her orgasm burst from her clit, wracking her body with shudders of ecstasy. The stranger followed milliseconds afterwards, his own body stiffening as he filled her womb with jets of cum.
Their bodies thrummed and pulsed around each other.

Josh looked down at the limp girl underneath him.
"Is it too late to ask your name?"