                     Oh, Sister! - Chapter 8

Tom wondered what was going on as he followed his best friend, 
Vic, up the stairs to Vic's room.  Vic had promised vaguely about 
a "good time with a couple of good looking women" with the unsaid 
but obvious promise of some serious fucking.  But they hadn't 
picked up anyone on the way to the house, and it looked as though 
the place was deserted as they pulled up.  True enough, no one 
had been downstairs when they opened the door, nor was anyone in 
Vic's room when they entered.

"So where are these girls?" he asked in bewilderment as Vic 
closed the door behind him, leaving it just a little ajar.

"They'll be here presently," Vic replied coolly.  "First I've got 
some questions to ask."

"Fire away," said Tom with a puzzled look on his face.

"First off, you know these girls are gonna expect to get laid."

"I'd be disappointed if they didn't, the way you were building up 
my hopes."

"You don't have any diseases, do you?"

"I'm as clean as a whistle.  You know I broke up with Stacy six 
months ago and I've only been screwing Rosie Palm and her five 
daughters since then.  Just keeping everything in tune, you 
know?"

"Yeah.  Well, you're gonna get all the nookie you can handle this 
afternoon, if you agree to two conditions:  One, this afternoon 
is it.  When we leave that's the end.  No phone calls; no hanging 
around; no nuthin'.  All they want is the use of your cock for 
one day."

"Yeah, yeah.  Sure thing.  What else?"

"Two, you keep your mouth shut.  One hint you've told anyone who 
you've been with and I'll de-ball you personally."

Tom held up his right hand.  "I promise.  I promise.  Sheesh, 
who've you set me up with, your mother?"

Vic smiled wickedly.  "No, but funny you should guess that."  He 
raised his voice.  "Come on in, darling.  I think we've convinced 
him to keep his mouth shut."

Tom watched as the door to the bedroom opened silently and the 
girl, who had obviously listening outside, came in.  His eyes 
bulged at the sight.  She was dressed in a filmy pink gown that 
concealed, but didn't really hide, the fact that she was nude 
under it.  The points of her nipples showed through the sheer 
cloth and the shadow of her pubes darkened the pale pink below 
her waist.  The gown was casually yet artfully arranged so that 
it didn't quite close.  Above, a narrow strip of her flesh 
between her breasts showed all the way down to the belt and 
below, her left leg parted the fold all the way up to the belt.  
Only the fact that the opening was offset saved--barely--her bush 
from exposure.

"Becky, meet my friend Tom," Vic said quietly.  "Tom, this is my 
sister, Becky."

"Pleased ta meet 'cha," Tom said hesitantly, unable to take his 
eyes off of the voluptuous form before him.  He licked his 
suddenly dry lips.  "I, uh . . . I . . ."

"Becky was, um, introduced to womanhood this week and wants a 
little variety.  I thought of you."

"You're setting me up with your own sister?" Tom said 
incredulously.

"Think I'd let some stranger fuck her?" Vic snorted.  Becky 
blushed at the vulgar verb.

"Stop teasing him, Vic," she said.

"Sorry, Tom, I just couldn't resist after seeing the look on your 
face.  Do you want the job or not?"

"Yeah, sure, I guess."  Tom scratched his head.  "I just never 
heard of being invited by a brother before."  He stood there a 
minute.

"So are you gonna undress, Tom, or just stick your pecker through 
the zipper," Vic asked.

"Yeah, right . . . undress, right," Tom said in befuddlement and 
started to unbutton his shirt.

Becky watched appreciatively.  He had black, curly hair and 
sparkling, if a bit confused, eyes set in a rugged face.  He was 
shorter than her brother but more powerfully built with wide 
shoulders that tapered down to a slender waist.  A generous 
amount of chest hair was exposed when he drew off his tee-shirt, 
hair that continued on down to carpet his belly and disappear 
under the waistband of his snug jeans.  After sitting a moment on 
the bed to pull off the pair of boots he was wearing, along with 
their socks, he stood, undid his pants, and slid them to the 
floor.  Clad only in white briefs, he stepped out of his jeans, 
and doubt came over his face.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" he asked.

Becky said nothing but looked him up and down, fixing finally on 
the bulge at his crotch, where his sex organ was hidden behind 
the taut cotton.  How could she turn back now?  Slowly, 
seductively, she untied the belt of her robe, then slipped the 
pink garment off her shoulders to catch it one teasing moment at 
her waist before letting it drop to the floor.  Tom's eyes darted 
over her nude body, from breast to breast to bush as she stepped 
toward him.  She touched his shoulder, deliberately brushed his 
arm with an erect nipple, then closed completely so that her 
warmth touched him from shoulder to knee.  He could feel the 
brush of her pubic hair on his hand.

"What do you think," she whispered, and kissed him.

Tom returned her kiss and held her close, one arm around her 
shoulder, the other cupping the bare mound of her ass.  One of 
her hands, in turn, held the soft mass of his genitals through 
the briefs.  The kiss was long and deep, with both tongues in 
action.

"No more questions," he barely whispered when they finally 
parted.

Slowly, caressing him with tits in front and hands behind, 
Becky dropped to her knees in front of him and regarded his last 
garment.  "I guess we can get rid of these, then," she said and 
peeled the briefs off.

His balls were a bit bigger than Vic's but their pouch held them 
closer so they didn't dangle pendulously like his.  Tom's belly 
fur did, indeed, go all the way down and merge with his bush and 
scrotum hair.  In fact it was difficult to tell where bush ended 
and fur began.  It was all a glossy, kinky black mass of hair.  
His cock, still soft, also was longer than her brother's, and 
looked odd at the tip.

"Your penis looks funny," she commented as she played with it.

"Huh?  Oh.  It's just that I'm not circumsized." Tom explained, 
and peeled back his foreskin to expose his moist looking, red 
glans.  "It's all the same underneath; see?"

"Neat!" Becky exclaimed and started jacking his foreskin back and 
forth on his nut.  Tom's cock immediately started to erect under 
this erotic treatment.

"Yes, I see," she said as he firmed enough to keep his cockhead 
exposed, and popped his penis in her mouth.

Tom looked down at her as she bobbed her head back and forth on 
his rod, then looked up to see Vic lounging in the doorway with 
his arms crossed, smiling indulgently as he watched his sister 
deliver a first-rate blow job.  He started to caress the back of 
her neck to encourage her and gave himself up to the sweet 
sensation of her tongue and mouth on his cock.  When he was fully 
erect, she stopped.

"Let's get into bed," she said and led him there.  She stripped 
the cover, blanket, and top sheet so that it stood as a padded 
platform, just right for a sexual encounter.  Following her hints 
and pushes, he got on the bed and lay back, propped up with a 
pillow so he could watch.

Becky crawled between his spread legs and crouched on her knees 
at his crotch.  Tom watched her hand move over the brown muff on 
her pubis, then deeper as she stimulated her clitoris.  Relaxing 
as she masturbated, Becky leaned back and spread her knees inside 
his, giving Tom his first view of her cunt, just inches from his 
own sex organ.  The outer lips formed a closed mouth, guarding 
the pink flesh of her vulva while above, the glistening pearl of 
her clit appeared as she pushed back its hood only to disappear 
as she pulled it down again.

Tom reached out and with a forefinger traced down the length of 
the seam of Becky's pussy then pushed the tip in.  When he traced 
up again, the thick lips parted with a moist sound and the wet-
looking inner lips seemed to spill out.  With fore and middle 
fingers he parted these also, exposing the very mouth of her cunt 
itself.  She spasmed as he watched and a dollop of clear 
lubricant welled out to trickle down.  His own cock began to 
dribble in sympathy.

"What a sweet looking pussy," he whispered, and slipped his 
middle finger up her vagina.  Becky turned her love button loose, 
propped herself up on both hands, and began shoving her cunt to 
drive his finger deeper.  Tom thrilled at the tightness of her 
sexual vault and he wondered how long it would be before he 
plumbed it with his penis.  He moved his index finger so that it 
nudged Becky's clit with each stroke and he could see her smile 
in appreciation just before she stopped and sighed.  Tom could 
feel her pussy walls pulse gently and he realized that she'd just 
had a small climax from  his finger alone.

"That's enough of that," Becky said dreamily.  Don't want to get 
worn out before we've . . . done it."

Tom pulled his finger out of her body and she shifted to kneel 
before him again.  She picked up his rigid phallus where it lay 
on his belly and held it vertically.  It was, indeed, longer than 
her brother's, she thought.  Almost ten-inches, but not as thick, 
the slender shaft was capped by a large, flaring cockhead, redder 
and moister looking, with the ruffled collar of his foreskin 
trapped below the meaty flange until he lost his erection.  Becky 
closed her mouth around it again and slid up and down, fucking 
his cock with her mouth.  Tom closed his eyes to savor the 
feeling.

Becky thrilled at the feel and taste of a strange penis in her 
mouth.  She sometimes licked up and down the length of the long, 
firm shaft, but mostly she concentrated on the on the prominent 
nut capping the end.  She rimmed the flange that was delineated 
so well, running her tongue under the pushed back foreskin.  She 
massaged the spongy flesh of Tom's glans with her tongue, 
marveling at how the sheathed cockflesh felt different than her 
brother's circumsized sample.  Below, she alternated between 
holding his balls in their hairy sac and jacking the length of 
his rigid phallus, wet with her dribbled saliva.  The blonde girl 
paused a moment, simply to enjoy the sight of Tom's penis in her 
grasp.  She felt him shudder slightly and another oily driblet of 
pre-coital fluid welled out the slit at its' tip to run down the 
clefted underside of his nut. She swiped it up with her tongue 
and savored the salty slipperiness before closing her lips around 
the tiny mouth it had come from and suckling another sample.

Tom opened his eyes as Becky resumed her mouth fucking and was 
totally astonished to see that Vic had quietly undressed.  He'd 
assumed that Vic would leave while they screwed or might even 
watch as a kinky kind of voyeur, but Vic was totally naked and 
his cock jutted out from his loins at a 45-degree angle.  He 
began stroking his rigid penis and approaching Becky from behind.  
When he reached her, he touched her hips and she raised her ass 
so she was even with his cock.  She paused in her fellatio and 
Tom couldn't quite believe that Vic was mounting his sister even 
as he could see in her eyes the progress of his thick cock as he 
worked it up her cunt.

"Oh Vic," she sighed as he slid all the way in.

"My God!" Tom muttered.  "You've . . . you're . . ."

"I'm fucking my sister," Vic said as he started to gently stroke 
her.  "Now you see why you're to keep your trap shut."

"Don't worry.  Who'd believe me?"  Between Becky's dangling 
breasts he could barely see the top of her bush and her brother's 
ball bag as it swung back and forth.  He clasped both nipples 
between his fingers and squeezed them rhythmically.

Becky grinned at him as she pushed back to meet Vic's thrusts.  
"Incest's all right as long as it's kept in the family," she 
joked and started sucking his rod again.  Silently the three of 
them fell into a copulating tempo with Becky bouncing between the 
cock in her cunt and the one in her mouth.  After a few minutes, 
she stopped.

"I think it's time you were in my cunt," she said huskily.  "I 
want you to cum inside me."

"Sure, sure.  Anything you say," Tom said in a daze and waited 
while she and Vic disengaged.  She crawled up, sat upright, and 
held his cock vertical.  Tom watched fascinated as she spread her 
cuntlips with her other hand, introduced his cock, and relaxed 
her thighs to impale herself.  Despite her brother's reaming, 
Becky's pussy felt agreeably tight and warm as it slid down his 
penis.

"Mmmm.  Deep." Becky murmured as her pubis bumped into his.  
Though Tom didn't stretch her the way Vic did, she could feel his 
slim phallus was indeed penetrating her deeper than her 
brother's.

She started bucking back and forth so that his cock slid in and 
out of her pussy with the slick sounds of displaced sex-fluids.  
Her sheath was warm and wet around his cock, and her generous 
breasts swung with each stroke.  Tom suddenly reared up and 
captured one nipple in his mouth to suckle it in time with their 
copulating.  He played with her other tit and nipple with his 
hand, mashing and massaging the soft flesh alternating with 
abusing the firm berry at its' tip.

"Yes, Tom, yes!" Becky groaned.  "Play with my tits!"

After a few minutes, Tom's mouth grew tired so he released her 
distended nipple.  Becky leaned forward so that her suspended 
nips just brushed the hair on his chest as they swayed with their 
fucking.

Behind, this movement exposed their union so Vic got a fine view 
of his friend's stiff cock disappearing and reappearing at the 
entrance of his sister's vulva.  The sexual fluids squelched out 
with each thrust to cascade down the firm shaft and soak into the 
hair of Tom's scrotum.  Above, in the valley between Becky's 
quivering ass cheeks, her puckered anus winked at him, rekindling 
his desire for that tight sphincter.  He stroked his cock, still 
wet from fucking her, back to full erection, and crawled between 
Tom's splayed legs to kneel at their thrusting hips.  He 
collected some of the excess lubricant and anointed Becky's 
nether hole with it before slipping his finger into her ass.

Tom watched in amazement as Becky paused her coital thrusting.  
His brain didn't really believe what he was seeing even though 
Vic was obviously going to satisfy his lust in the only passage 
available to him back there.  Again, he could watch in Becky's 
eyes the penetration of her body by Vic's penis but this time he 
could feel his friend's cock as it slid into her ass, just on the 
other side of the thin wall dividing her vagina from her rectum.

"Oh-h-h, Vic," Becky sighed as he shoved his burning rod into her 
up to his balls.  The double penetration was quite unlike 
anything she had felt before.

"Holy cow," Tom murmured, as the three of them froze with 
genitals united.  "And you were a virgin at the beginning of this 
week?"  Never in his dreams would he believe that he would be 
fucking his best friend's sister while she was sodomized by her 
brother.

"Yeah," Becky replied.  "I guess I'm a fast learner."

Vic leaned forward to sandwich his sister between the two male 
bodies impaling her and drove his cock in deeper.  Below, Tom 
could feel Vic's dangling ballbag nudge his own as the three of 
them started to fuck.  Slowly at first, because of the unfamiliar 
rhythms of a menage-a-trois, the three hips thrust back and 
forth, up and down.  Gradually they got into the asynchronous 
triple beat and picked up the pace.  Becky marveled at the 
feeling of one cock, then the other penetrating her while both 
men thrilled at the shadowy firmness of his friend's phallus, 
felt through the thin membrane separating them.  Below, Tom could 
feel the soft fingers of Becky's nipples on his chest as they 
were dragged back and forth.  All too soon the double humping 
brought Becky's orgasm with a rush.

"Oh Vic!  Oh Tom!  I'm there!  I'm cumming!" she managed to 
report just before her anus and vagina contracted rhythmically 
around their respective invaders.  Becky trembled in her sexual 
ecstasy.

Vic was next.  His sister's tight ass and the previous massage 
he'd gotten from her pussy had made him closer to his own climax.  
Before she'd stopped twitching, with a groan he thrust deep into 
her ass and started spewing his semen into her.  "Yes, Sis, yes!" 
he cried.  "Take my cum!  Take it up your ass!"

Below, Tom could feel his friend's penis pulsing as his semen 
filled his sister's rectum.  This pushed him over the edge and 
his own cock started dribbling, then spewing into Becky's wet 
vagina.  He could think of nothing to say, so he clasped her and 
kissed her deeply as he spurted his hot, white seed into her 
belly.

The three of them lay or crouched a moment, panting, then started 
the complicated task of disengaging.  Vic pulled his slackening 
penis out of his sister's ass with a sucking sound, then helped 
her pull free of Tom.  Tom scootched over a bit, Becky lay down 
beside him, and Vic beside her.  All three of them regarded the 
genitals they had just shared.  Both men's penises shrank as they 
recovered and sopping pubic hair showed that sex-fluids were 
everywhere.  Becky giggled as she felt her vulva twitch and Tom's 
semen ooze out to pool with her brother's on the bed.

"What a mess," she laughed.  "I didn't think of the fact that two 
men means twice as much gism as one."
 

 
 
