It was August and we spent the morning packing the car and our son, Mike was leaving for college. It was morning but already it was 90 degrees outside. Mike and husband, and I were getting pretty sweaty loading up the car.

The trunk was already full and the back seat wouldn't fit much more. Mike went back in the house to get the last of his things. I heard him come out of the house. I turned around and saw him carrying his 42 inches flat screen TV."Where are you going to put the TV?" I heard his father ask.

I don't know, but I don't want to leave it. Maybe we can move some stuff around in the back seat. I looked in the back seat and I don't think so, son." Mike looked in the car and we can put it in the middle of the front seat. Ok, college man.

I said and then where is your mom going to sit? I could see on his face he was trying to come up with a solution. I got an idea he said. He opened the passenger side door. He put the TV in the middle. He then got in and sat down and see plenty of room and her mom sits next to me.

I tried to sit next to my son. I could sit in the seat, but the door wouldn't close. Now, I am not a big woman. I stand about five feet tall and I only weight hundred pounds. It was my son taking up all the room. He was already over six feet tall and weighed around two hundred pounds.

It's not me that's taking up all of the room, it's you. This isn't going to work. Tell you what leave the TV and when we come to visit you we'll bring it with us. No way had he answered as I got out of the car and stood by the door.

Make up your mind Mike it's hot out here ok Mike looked at me. Ok, you can sit on my lap. Mike, it's a five hour drive to your college his father said."I know, but mom doesn't weigh much. What do you say, mom. Would you mind sitting on my lap?"

Ok, I'll sit on your lap but if it gets too uncomfortable I want to stop at a rest stop." I said looking at Steve my husband. He agreed ok let's get our showers so we can get on the road. My shower didn't take long since and I would be sitting on my sons lap for five hours.

I wanted to wear something real comfortable. My jeans would be too tight. Plus it was too hot to wear them. I looked in my closet as I was going through my clothes and I found a summer dress I brought.

It was the short type with sleeveless arms. It buttoned up in the front. I unbuttoned it and put it on. When I finished buttoning it up, I noticed it showed my bra too much. I took it off again. I removed my bra and put the dress back on.

I looked in the mirror and I really didn't need a bra and even at thirty seven my tits were still perky. The dress was short. It only came to the middle of my thighs. I slipped on a pair of white panties. I took one last look in the mirror. I thought to myself and for a mother of an eighteen year old son.

I still looked good and I know my husband still likes what I look like. He tries to fuck me at least five times a week. I heard the car horn and I ran downstairs, closed and locked the front door and headed for the car. My son was already in the seat.

I sat down on his lap and swung my legs into the car. I looked down and notice my dress barely covered my thighs. It rode up pretty high. My son was wearing baggy shorts and a t-shirt. I closed the car door. I was glad I was wearing this dress.

I could feel the back of my bare legs on my son's bare legs. How are you doing?" I asked my son."Fine, mom, you really don't weigh anything. No problem."I looked over the TV at my husband do you have enough room to drive?

I asked him and sure he answered. I could only see his head. Can you even see me? I laughed only your head, dear are you comfortable? I wiggled around on my son's lap yea, I don't mind this at all and I turned on the radio and I was listening to the music.

I started to feel something hard. I reposition my ass, but it didn't go away. I also noticed my son got real quiet. It wasn't there when I first sat down. I thought to myself then I realized what I was feeling. My son was getting a hard on.

I really didn't think about giving him a hard on by sitting on his lap. I could feel it still growing my god and I thought to myself how big is it going to get. I wondered what he was thinking. Does he think I can't feel it between the crack of my ass?

I looked down at my legs and my dress had rose up a little more. I could almost see my panties. My son's hands were on the seat on each side of me. I wondered if he could see how high my dress had ridden up. I realized I like the idea of my dress being up so high.

It gave me a little thrill knowing I could give my son a hard on. We only were on the road for about an hour. There was still four hours to go. I knew my husband couldn't see how high my dress was or he would be looking at my legs.

The TV blocks everything from his view. I felt my son shift his body around. When he did his dick ended up on the back of my ass. I kind a wished he would try something and how you doing back there, son and I asked him.

I'm Ok, mom, how are you feeling? I like what I'm feeling and I answered him and ere your arms getting tired where you have them? Yea, it's a little uncomfortable and here try this to see if it feels better.

I said as I took a hold of both of his hands and placed them on my bare thighs is that better? Yea, that's a lot better and I looked down when I put his hands high on my thighs, I put them palms down. His thumbs were resting on the inside of my thighs, very close to my panties.

I liked what it looked like. I wished he'd move them up and touch my pussy. I knew he wouldn't. The more I felt his hands on me, the more I wanted him to feel me. I rested my hands on his. This seemed very innocence. I started rubbing the top of his hands.

Just like any mother would, but I had something different in mind. I looked over at my husband. I liked the idea of my son's hands on me with my husband right there as I rubbed his hands I tried to move them up my thighs just a little.

He didn't give me any resistance. Now his hands were on my skirt with his fingers still on my bare thighs. I rose up a little so I could pull my skirt up a little. His hands moved with my skirt. I looked down and could see my panties. His fingers were so close to touching them.

I raised his right hand and put it on my panties. He left his hand there. I spread my legs a little when I did, his hand fell between my legs. I took a hold of his hand and pressed it against my panties. My sons hand was now on my panty covered pussy.

I could feel myself getting wet. I wanted more and when I removed my hand, he left his hand on me. He wasn't moving it around or anything. He was just letting his hands rest on my pussy. I waited for him to start moving his fingers. Nothing maybe he was afraid to.

I knew how to fix that and I took a hold of his hand and moved it up to the top of my panties when I knew his fingers were above my panties and I pressed his hand against my body and slowly slid his fingers between my panties and bare skin.

I kept moving his hand down until and I could feel his finger tips just barely touch the top of my pussy lips. I pushed his hand down further. I couldn't get his hand all the way between my legs under my panties so he could feel my pussy.

My panties were too tight for both of our hands. Finally I felt him try to move his hand further down so he could find my entrance when I took my hand out from under my panties, my son left his hand on my pussy.

I rose up my hips, hooked my thumbs on each side of my panties and pulled them down to my knees as soon as I did this I felt Mike move his hand so he could get his fingers in me. My panties kept me from spreading my legs out for him to really get to feel me.

Before I could move my hand to take my panties off, Mike used his other hand and started pulling them down around my ankles. I lifted up my leg so he could take them all the way off. I spread my legs as wide as I could. This was all he needed. I was so wet he sunk two fingers in me at my pussy and makes me cum hard. For feedback mail me. Thanks
Has reading this story made you horny? Want to sex chat with real life hot women?
All the women below are LIVE! and waiting to talk dirty with you!