Story: Creampie Slut

As always, my heart raced as the time for my session approached.  Time always passes so slowly when I'm in the waiting room.  Even three minutes is a long time.  I wanted to be in there with Holly.

I started going to her for massages - the regular kind - for muscle tension.  She always did a very good job, especially when I went for the longer sessions - an hour and a half to two hours.  Now I regularly go for two hours.

Holly is a petite woman in her mid thirties.  Her pleasant and engaging personality assures her of a full schedule.  Her reddish-blonde hair, along with full lips and a mild overbite, gives her a sensual quality.

After several months of massage, our conversations became more personal and, to an extent, intimate.  One day the subject hit on sexual kinks.  We talked about "snowballing" and I mentioned that I'd never experienced it, but would like to.  As I frequently did at other times, I developed a throbbing erection when talking about intimate matters.  I could see that she was aroused - her nipples were hard and almost poked through her T-shirt.  She knew that I noticed that.  We both became silent as she continued to work on me.

After a few minutes Holly asked, "If I did something you really want, you wouldn't quit seeing me, would you?"

"Of course I wouldn't quit seeing you," I replied. I wondered what she was getting at.

She was quiet again, and continued with the massage.  The sexual tension became more intense and saturated the atmosphere.
Suddenly I felt her hands on my testicles.  She had never done that before. She tickle-touched all over my cock and my ball sac while I gave deep sighs and soft moans.

"That feels so good, Holly," I whispered.

She kept on, and kept on, with the teasing.  I squirmed and thrust my hips toward her in an attempt to get her to make me cum.  But she kept up the tickle-touch teasing.  I hoarsely called out her name, and her sensuous smile broke through her sexy overbite several times.  I was aroused; I was frustrated.  I rocked from side to side as she kept teasing.  My frustrated moans became louder.

Then she leaned down and wrapped her lips over the tip of my cock, while looking into my eyes.  She continued to manipulate my testicles, and gradually inserted more of my erect member into her mouth.  She worked on my cock with her tongue and got more aggressive with her hands.  In almost no time I blasted forth, and her eyes widened when my erection pulsed in her mouth.

When I finished ejaculating, she pulled back.  With her mouth closed, she brought her face close to mine.  She pressed her soft lips against mine, and I opened up.  She grasped my head with both hands and propelled the ejaculate into my mouth.  I felt her tongue dart in and out as she attempted to push every bit of the "snowball" into me.  It was heavenly, and if I had not spurted yet, her kisses alone would have sent me over the edge.

After she got the entire snowball in me, she pulled back and smiled.  I was in awe of what she had done - it had exceeded my wildest dreams up to that time.

She had me turn over and continued the massage, finishing off with tickle-touching me all around my bare bottom and testicles while I was on my tummy.

When I went for my next session a week later, neither of us said anything about the events of the previous one for a while.  I started the session face down, and Holly pressed deeply on my shoulders and back, relieving some of the stress there.  After she did a fair amount of massage, she did the tickle-touch thing all over my legs, and then on my bottom.  She frequently touched and stimulated my balls as well, and after several minutes I was very aroused.  She kept it up, and only after I started to squirm (and seep) she told me to turn over.

"How did you like the last session?" she teasingly asked, her overbite accentuating her smile.

"It was heavenly," I sighed.  Then I worked up the nerve to  expand on the subject.  "Have you heard the term 'creampie'?"

"No, what does it mean?"

"It's like snowballing, except from, you know, from 'down there'.  I haven't done it, but I've heard that women REALLY like it once they've tried it."

"Wow," was all she said.

My cock stood up like a flagpole, and she continued to tease.  In this position I could see her aroused smile, and she frequently just giggled at my extreme arousal.  Her erect nipples pushed on her T-shirt.

Still teasing with her fingers, she gently touched her lips on mine.  After some light kisses, she pressed in for some sensual kissing.  After a few moments of this, she pulled back and put her finger in front of her mouth in a naughty-girl 'shhhh' manner, and then surprised me by taking off her shoes and slipping off her shorts.  Then she slowly and teasingly removed her panties.

I could not keep my eyes from her pussy - it was perfectly framed in a triangle of reddish-blonde hair, with pouty labia poking through.  There were shiny drops of feminine cream on her pussy from her arousal.

Holly climbed up on the table and straddled my midsection.  With one hand she spread her pussy lips, and her other hand was wrapped around my cock.  She slowly guided my cock into her pussy.  I liked the way that my erection pried apart her labia as I entered her.

With my cock fully inside her, she put her hands on my shoulders to hold me down and then leaned over and teased my lips with hers.  She pulled back every time I wanted to press back for more sensuous kisses.

Her excited eyes betrayed her arousal.  Still pressing my shoulders to the table, she slowly pumped her hips.  Her excited smile, along with her pumping and the feeling of being inside her, brought forth a copious ejaculation after only a few moments.

Holly kept me inside her for a few moments after I spurted.  Finally she whispered, "Ready for dessert?" and slowly pulled out.

Almost instantly she straddled my mouth.  Her pussy welcomed my attentions, and she gave me the copious amount of creamy mixture that was inside.  I kissed and licked her labia while she rode me.  After scarcely a few moments, she covered her mouth with her hands and climaxed.  After she calmed down I kept sucking on her pussy until she pulled back.

The experience was a little different from what I expected, but Holly's reaction ensured that I wanted to do it more with her.

>From that point on, when I come in for a massage, Holly always has a firm pillow waiting for me on the massage table.  I get on the table face down, and, since my hips are raised, she has easy access to my midsection.  She frequently intersperses a few minutes of tickle-touch teasing with the massage, which gets me aroused to the point of seeping.  Then, after I turn over, she continues to tease with her featherlight touch for what feels like forever.

Only then will she slip out of her clothes and climb on the table and mount my throbbing cock.  Slowly - very slowly, she pumps her hips while either looking at me with her sensuous smile or tenderly kissing me.  Over a long while I feel my inevitable ejaculation gradually building up, until it exceeds my threshold of endurance, and I buck and twist while spurting uncontrollably inside her.  Then she'll kiss me some more while keeping my cock inside her until she's sure that she's milked the last drop from me.  She pulls out, and quickly straddles my mouth, and then I service her for all I'm worth.

She can't get enough of creampie satisfaction, and I'm eager to provide it.

-----
This story is copyright 2004, 2009 by (rick_oh at onolanke (dot) router5.com).  All rights reserved.  No reposting without permission.
