Biwi ke dost ki pahali chudaai!

This incident happened more than a year ago, at a party in my house.
The party was on the terrace of the house and it was o the honour of
my wife's friend who had recently got married.Her name was seema and
She was stunner. She had big boobs and a lovely ass. When she walked
her tits bounced like heavy pendulums.I hardly could take my eyes off
from her.We started party with drinks, both beer and rum flowing
freely. After couple hours and good amount booze, my wife went down to
set dinner and the hubby of sex bomb seema went down stairs pee.. We
waited a few minutes, for them to come up.After a while seema said she
wanted go down and help my wife. She got up, but was a little
tipsy,so I got up to help her. I walked her down the stairs, and half
the way she stood,leaning against me, her boobs on my arm and her cunt
very near to my palms. It felt really good and cock began to stiffen
hard. I managed to straighten her and took her down, all the while she
was leaning on my shoulders. Near the landing she straightened
herself, and with a twinkle in her eye, said Thank you to me. We had
dinner and some more booze and around 11 PM they decided to leave, as
she was leaving, they invited as to their house.That night I fucked my
wife like a possessed man.Next day I was in for surprise when
receptionist said that I had call from one Mrs.seema.When took the
phone she once again thanked for the party and she said she was
calling from PCO near my office.I told her wait for me, then told
receptionist that I had some personal work would be back in couple of
hours.I met her near the PCO.She was wearing blue sari and matching
blouse and looked great.We went to a nearby restaurant and asked her
what she wanted from me.She said she had left her house of thinking of
going to movie but ended up near my office.I got excited and told her
that I would give her company if she wanted.But surprisingly she
suggested that we could rent few cassettes and watch them in her
house.Now I was 100% sure that she was going to let fuck cunt and ass
and play with her big melons.After taking tea we left in a auto to her
house.we did not rent any videos.As soon as the door was closed, I
wasted no time in pulling her in my arms.She was more than willing. We
had long and passionate kiss standing.I pulled her pullu down to see
those magnificent tits.She was wearing a low neck blouse showing off
her cleavage.She threw her sari on the sofa and went on her knees, I
knew what she wanted,.I pulled down my pant and brief in on stretch
freeing my hard dick.I moved close to her so that she could take my
cock in her mouth.Slowly I began thrusting my aching cock into her
mouth.She responded with playing with my balls and deep throating my
cock.I told her that I wanted to fuck her in doggy style. She obliged
me by getting rid of petticoat and black panty Meanwhile I had got rid
of my clothes.And she went on her fours thrusting her fleshy ass
towards my cock.In one shot I had my cock in her wet cunt.I held her
ass for grip and began fucking her cunt with rapid thrusts.She was
enjoying my every penetration of her cunt.She asked me to squeeze her
tits. Since was still wearing the blouse I tried to open the
buttons.But she told me to rip off the blouse.I could not believe my
ears and eyes. She was asking me to rip-off her blouse!For moment I
hesitated but it made me more hot.with one hand I held her ass with
other I pulled her blouse from the backside.The blouse tore apart
exposing her creamy back and her bra.I unhooked the bra and let her
boobs free.Now I bent down on her with my both hands held her boobs
and began squeezing them hard and the same time fucking her cunt. She
asked to me fuck and squeeze harder, which I obliged instantly.The
momentum was building within me I asked her if it was ok to shoot my
cum in her cunt.She told me to go ahead and fill her cunt with my love
juice. With few more powerful thrusts I shot my hot load into her
cunt.We both were sweating as if we had
just finished running marathon. I looked at her face and asked her was
my fucking better than her husband. She looked at me for a moment and
said yes but she would decide only at the end of the fucking.I had
always fantasized about tit fucking and did with my wife's tits even
hough they were not big as seema's.I made her sleep on her back and
straddled across her tits with my cock buried between her tits.She
held boobs with hands squeezing my cock with her tits.I began fucking
her tits slowly. It felt much better than my tit fucking with my
wife.I fucked her tits for about 15 20 minutes,She helped motion by
putting her saliva my cock and tits.Now I wanted her to fuck her ass.I
asked whether she had cock in her ass.She said had not but willing to
give a try.But she wanted some cream on my cock so that it would not
hurt her. fuck me in my gaand and talk dirty to me. Fuck me you
bastard, give your lund to me. Fuck me in my chut and fuck me in my
gaand. Your wife told me how dirty you talk, and how you fuck her
first in her gaand and then in her chut. Do it to me.
Now I knew why she had called me there. I told her, I will do it, but
first you will have to lick my lund. Take it in your mouth and fuck
him with your mouth, as you will fuck it with your chut. She was only
waiting. She managed to sit down and pulled me over. In one smart
move she undid my pants and took out my lund. Mine is circumcised.
She was even more happy. My lund was standing to attention, she looked
at me wet her lips and started licking it. Half way through, she
stopped, reached over, took the pudding and spread it over my lund.
Then she smiled at me and licked the pudding off me. Then she freed my
lund and said "chaalo aander ja ke chhodte hai." I was only too
happy. As we walked towards their bed room, I managed to undo her
skirt and pushed her top up. She had lovely boobs and her clean shaven
chut was looking only too inviting. By the time we reached the bed,
we were both naked. She moved over and pulled me over on her. I went
down, but soon, moved down. I wanted to lick her chut. Happily she
spread her legs. I opened her chut with my fingures and I could see
her wet and erect clit. I touched it. "Oose chooso, oose chooso" she
said. I started licking it. The moment I started, she started
rambling with choicest of dirty
words. She called me a bastard, then she called herself a horny chut,
she called her husband a chutya, she called me a fucking lund and all
sorts of things. Everytime she said something, it made my lund even
harder.
Then she stopped, and turned around. "Now put your lund in there" she
commanded. I was eager. I got up on my knees and moved over. She had
a tight hole. Reaching out I found some cream and put it on her hole,
and some on my lund as well. Then, I moved over and grabbed her
boobies from behind, and with one shove I went in. The in I went,
tighter it became. She had never taken a lund in her gaand. It was so
hot in there. Once all the way in, I started moving to and from, with
every move, my balls banged her below her chut, and that excited her.
We moved like that for sometime, and then she wanted to stop and take
my lund out. I did that. She turned over and cleaned my lund off the
cream on it. Now, she wanted to fuck me. So she pushed me on my back
and got on top of me. Her chut was all wet and my lund moved in easy.
She started moving up and down on me. Everytime, her tits bounced and
chut made
"chwak, chwak" sound. She was so fucking wet. Then, I got up, my lund
still deep inside her chut, and she was sitting in my lap, and my
mouth was near her boobies. She continued to rock on me, and then
suddenly, I could not stop any more, "I want to cum now you fucking
chut, I want to cum in your chut right now". I said. She responded by
saying "cum in me you bastard, let your lund give my chut all that he
has." She grabbed me hard and we came and we came and we came. After a
while we separated. She looked at me and smiled. "I am going to take
out every drop of cum out of your lund. My husband does not talk
dirty, does not let me talk dirty and does not put his lund in my gaand.
My friend told me once how the two of you fuck. So I wanted it for me
too. Now we will do it more times."
Now a days, she calls me at my office, and sometimes says, "My chut
wants to meet your lund and my gaand is waiting for your lund, you
fucking bastard. Yehan aao aur chodo." Happily I go over and give her
all the cum in my lund.

