Country Nurse
by Biker

Contents: MMMf, non-cons, spanking, bondage, humiliation


"Hey, Jed!  Look over yonder.  You see what I see?" 

"Yep, I sure do.  Let's check it out." 

It was mid morning and Jenny had been on her way home from the Davis' place.
Being a registered nurse, she was used to being called out on a moment's
notice; this morning being no exception.  She had been contemplating
getting out of bed when Ma Davis called about her husband, Ben.  Old Ben,
as he was called by all his friends, was close to ninety years old and
confined to a wheelchair.  His wife, Ma, some thirty years younger, had 
been taking care of him for several years.

This morning, Ben had been having trouble breathing.  So, Ma had called on 
Jenny and even though she'd be late for work, she couldn't let Old Ben down.
She had been the Davis' private nurse for the past two years.  A good 
portion of her job was spent driving these back roads going from one poor 
family to the next. 

Jenny, always in a hurry, had taken a shortcut, or so she thought.  But as 
luck would have it, her car had broke down.  On top of that, her cell phone 
battery was dead as she had forgotten to charge it last night. 

So, here she was, bent over the hood of her car, not knowing what she was 
looking for, unable to call for help and not knowing where she was at! 

Jenny looked up just as brothers Jed and Zeke approached. 

"Oh, hello!", she smiled, "Am I glad you came along.  Do you think you 
could take a look at my car for me?  It just quit running and I really 
have to get back to the hospital." 

"Uh, yeah, sure." Jed said giving his brother a wink. "Let's see here." 

Jenny followed as he bent over the engine pretending to be checking it out.
Suddenly, her scrubs and panties were down to her knees.  Before she could 
raise up, Jed had both her hands pinned to the radiator. 

"What do you think you're doing?" she screamed, "Let me go right now!" 

Zeke began slapping her ass hard; SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! 

"Man, oh, man, Jed.  Just look at all this ass!" he beamed as he continued 
spanking her. 

"OUCH! OW! STOP! IT HURTS!" Jenny screamed, but to no avail. 

Spinning her around and pushing her toward his brother, Jed said, "Hey, 
let me have a turn at her." 

As soon as Zeke had captured her arms, Jed began spanking her ass again. 

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! 

Before Jenny could scream again, her top was being roughly pushed up over 
her head followed by her bra.  As soon as her head was free, Jed stuffs his 
handkerchief into her mouth and slapped a piece of tape over it.  Pushing 
her to the ground, he then pulled her pants and panties free of her legs.  
Totally naked now, Jenny tried to curl up to hide her sagging breasts and 
shaved pussy. 

As Zeke began tying her hands together, Jed started spanking her roughly 
on her ass and legs. 

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! 

"Hey, you'd better stop, Jed!  Pa is going to be really mad if she marked 
up!" Zeke said. 

"Ah, hell, guess you're right, Zeke.  Ain't he gonna be surprised, though?  
He sure loves 'em fat ones!" Jed grinned. 

As Zeke finished tying Jenny up, Jed went to fetch the pickup.  After he 
had backed it up, he and Zeke lowered an old wooden crate from the back.  
They put Jenny inside and tied such that her ass stuck up into the air.  
Her legs were tied apart slightly to allow her ass to spread clearly making 
her anus and fat pussy visible.  With the tape still in place, Jenny was 
unable to scream at all. 

"Don't worry, pretty lady.  Pa's gonna take good care of you!" he laughed 
while roughly finger her exposed pussy. 

Soon, the crate was loaded into the truck and off they went. 

As they were headed toward their home, Jenny tried to think of how she 
could get out of this.  No one had known she'd gone to the Davis' this 
morning.  She just figured she call in on her way back home.  No one would 
miss her for at least a couple of days as she had the next two days off.  
Tied down tightly, Jenny could do nothing but ponder her predicament. 

After what seemed like forever, the truck finally slowed and came to a stop.
Both men jumped out and carried the crate up the porch stairs and sat it 
down. 

"Okay, Zeke, you go get Pa.  I'm gonna fetch some of his special toys!" 
Jed chuckled. 

Upon hearing that, Jenny began to get scared, "Oh, shit, what are they 
going to do to me?" she fretted. 

"Hurry up, Pa!" Zeke yelled running onto the porch. 

"What in tarnation is going on?" a gruff old voice yelled back, "Now what's 
this?  Well, don't just stand their, boy; open it up!" 

"Okay, but close you eyes!" 

"Ah, fer Christs' sake!  All right!  But, hurry up!" 

Both Jed and Zeke took the crate top off and kicked the sides down.  There 
sat Jenny, still tied with her ass high in the air, legs apart with pussy 
and anus on display. 

"Okay, Pa, you can look now!" 

After he opened his eyes, Pa just stood with his mouth open.  Rubbing his 
eyes as if in a dream, a big smile came across the old man's face. 

"Well, I'll be switched!  Where 'en you boys get this?" he finally said 
while circling the open crate. 

"We found her on the road a ways back.  She was having car touble, but 
nothing like the trouble she's gonna git now, ain't that right, Pa?" 

"That be the truth, there boy!  Damn, look at that fat ass!  Hoo wee!  Am I 
gonna have fun with that.  Boy, git on down there and hold her ass open; 
let me she what she a got in her!" the old man commanded. 

Jed squatted down behind Jenny and roughly pulled her ass cheeks apart even 
further.  The humiliation of her ass being opened to their inspection was 
almost too much for Jenny.  She could feel her entire body blushing bright 
red from embarassment. 

"Jeez Louise, Pa, I can see her shit in there!  That's gonna make for one 
nice fuck!" Jed exclaimed as he looked inside her. 

"Okay, boy, git back out of my way now!  I'm gonna warm her ass up a little.  
Oh, and take that damn tape off her mouth.  I want to hear her screaming!"  
Pa said as he moved up behind her. 

Just as Zeke ripped the tape off her mouth, the old man's hand landed square 
on her vulnerable ass. 

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! 

"Damn, this is one big soft ass!  I could pound on this all day." the old 
man exclaimed. 

Jenny tried to look back to see her attacker, but she was tied to tight.  
She could, however, see that both boys had taken up positions on either 
side of her and were furiously jacking off while they watched their father. 

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! 

She tried not to scream because she knew that's what he wanted.  But, the 
pain was too much.  Jenny began to howl like crazy while trying to move 
her out of his way. 

"Ha, she's a spunky one!  I like that!  Let me see how wet you are, bitch!" 
the old laughed as he inserted two fat fingers into her open pussy. "Oh, 
yeah, she's wet all right!  You liking this bitch?  You liking me beating 
you ass and fucking your fat pussy with my fingers?" 

Although screaming out her denial, she knew inside he was right!  Her pussy 
was wet and even though her ass was sore, she was close to an orgasm.  She 
can't let herself cum though, she thought, or they'd never leave her alone. 

But, the old man had done this before.  He knew that Jenny was getting hot 
and he knew that she'd take a lot more pain and still cum when he wanted 
her to.  Pulling his fingers out, he continued with the spanking. 

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! 

"Hey, boys, watch this!  This en's 'bout ready to pop!" the old laughed. 

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! 

While still jacking off, Jed took hold of one of Jenny's nipples and 
squeezed hard.  Zeke, likewise masterbating, grabbed a handful of dangling 
tit.  Despite the pain, Jenny knew she could not prevent the inevitable 
orgasm.  And, trying to not announce her pleasure, she was unable to. 

"Ahhhh, unghhh!" 

"Shit, boys, look how wet she is!  Her cute little butthole is a winkin' at 
me, so it won't be lone now, ha, ha!" he laughed as he stopped only long 
enough to pick up a wide leather strap Jed has brought. 

SPLAT! SPLAT! SPLAT! SPLAT! 

"OHHHHH I'M CUMMING!" Jenny cried out as her body was consumed by an 
intense orgasm. 

Reaching underneath her, Pa's rough hand found her erect clit and began 
rubbing it rapidly. 

"Damn, I think we done found us a keeper, boys!  She's cumming hard!" the 
old man said as he felt her shudder and watched her little rosebud of an 
asshole open and close each time she spasmed. 

"AHHHHH, OHHHHH, ahhhh, ahh, hmmm!" 

"Oh, shit! I'm a cumming too, Pa! Jed screamed just as his load shot off 
all over Jenny's back and hair. 

"Fuck, fuck, fuck!  Me, too!  Take this, bitch!" Zeke yelled as he aimed 
his hard cock at Jenny's face.  He shot three long, hot streams of cum; all 
hitting Jenny in the forehead and nose. 

Jenny raised her head slightly and, using her tongue, caught a small string 
getting ready to drip off her nose. "Hmmm, not too bad!" she thought to 
herself while hoping they didn't notice her wanton act. 

"Damn, you boys, always trying to get a nut off!  Don't you know there a 
lady here needing tended to?  Put them dicks back in your pants for now!" 
Pa chastised as he took a playful slat at Jed's cock with the strap. 

"Hey, Pa, looky here.  She done cum so hard she pissed herself." Zeke yelled 
after he spied where a small pool had formed on the crate bottom beneath her 
belly. 

"That ain't pee, boy!  What's the matter with you?  That's gal cum and it 
don't come much sweeter 'en this!  Here, boy, get cha some!" Pa said as he 
scooped his fingers along Jenny's slit and brought it to his mouth. 

Both boys reached in and scooped up some of Jenny's fluids for their own 
taste test. 

"Damn, that's good." Zeke said as he knelt down behind her and began 
licking her sopping pussy. 

"Get out of the way, boy!  I am through whipping on her ass yet!" the old 
man said as he picked up the strap again.  "But first, let's get her out of 
this here crate and get her inside before one of the neighbor's spots her!" 

Once free of her bounds, Jenny tried to stand up.  But, she had been bent 
over too long and her legs had gone to sleep.  Using all their strength, 
Jed and Zeke picked her up and drug her into the old house. 

"Lay her face down over the table.  Yeah, like that.  Now, tie her wrists 
to the legs.  Okay, now spread her legs and tie them to the other legs.  
Oh, yeah!  Look at that view.  Hey, pretty lady, your big ass sure does have 
a cute little butthole!  Maybe you'd like me to stick a finger or two in it, 
heh?  Ha, ha, or maybe something else?" the old man teased as he surveyed 
her exposed backside. 

"Look at her pussy, Pa!  Looks like I could put my whole fist up there!" Jed 
said as he began rubbing his hardening cock again. 

"Spect you might have to try that later, boy!" Pa laughed, "But, I got 
business to tend to first." 

Jenny, knowing she was about to be strapped again, had mixed emotions.  She 
knew it would hurt like hell and wasn't sure how much more pain she could 
take.  But, she had also just had probably the best orgasm of her life and 
would definitely like more of those!  Then, she finally resolved that it 
just didn't matter as she was not control of anything, she was nothing more 
than a toy to be used however these men wanted.  That last thought almost 
made her cum again! 

SPLAT! SPLAT! SPLAT! SPLAT! SPLAT! SPLAT! SPLAT! SPLAT! 

Being tied in this new position, she knew Pa was afforded better access to 
her privates.  Unable to stop him, Jenny felt the strap land closer and 
closer to her stretched cunt.  Knowing that he was soon going to strike her 
defensless pussy caused a pre-orgasmic shudder, much like a cold chill, to 
ripple through her.  The old man saw the goosebumps form on her ass and 
legs as he purposely landed several blows grazing her swollen lips. 

SPLAT! 

"Ahhh!" Jenny moaned as the last one struck her open hole and hard clit. 

"Like that, heh bitch!" he jeered, "Try this one!" 

SPLAT...another one catching her pussy and clit dead center. 

"Hmmm!  Ahhhh!" Jenny moaned louder, "Please, please let me cum!" 

SPLAT! SPLAT! SPLAT! 

"Ha, not yet, lady!  Not yet!" he said and then added, "Jed, get over here 
and take over. My arm's a getting tired!" 

"With pleasure, Pa!" Jed exclaimed as he picked up the small 'cat'. 

SWISH! SWISH! SWISH! SWISH! SWISH! SWISH! SWISH! SWISH! 

Jenny could now feel the exquisite pain that the small cat-o-nine-tails 
brought forth.  She could feel the each of the strands as they landed all 
over her ass.  She could feel then hit her anus, her clit, her fat pussy 
lips and even some on her tiny pee hole.  Her ass was on fire, but the 
whipping continued.  And, she was close to cumming again! 

"Now be careful there, boy!  Don't you let her get another nut yet!  Switch 
on down to her legs for a little bit; she's a enjoying them last ones too 
much!" Pa instructed as he watched with pride. 

SWISH! SWISH! SWISH! SWISH! SWISH! SWISH! SWISH! SWISH! 

Jed worked down the inside of Jenny's left leg and then back up the inside 
of the right.  This was very painful to Jenny and she began bouncing around 
trying to avoid the sting of the 'cat'. 

"Yeah, that's better!  She ain't a liking that so well!" Pa laughed as he 
too began to massage his rising cock. "Okay, back to her ass now.  Just 
watch her little asshole; when it starts a winking, it's time to move to 
the legs!" 

SWISH! SWISH! SWISH! SWISH! SWISH! SWISH! SWISH! SWISH! 

Upon hearing that, Jenny wished she had better control over herself.  She 
liked the blows to her ass and privates, but not her legs.  She'd have to 
try harder from now on. 

Jenny felt her head being picked up.  Looking up, she stared directly into 
the fat, red knob of the old man's hard cock.  As it advanced toward her, 
she automatically, she opened her mouth.  She knew it would futile to resist 
and maybe this will help take her mind off the pain in her legs. 

"That's it, little lady, go on ane suck it all in.  Hmmm, yes, you sweet-
mouthed bitch, you!" Pa said as he shoved the first half of his cock into 
her.  "Hmmph, this ain't gonna take long at all!" 

Jenny could taste the saltiness of his dirty cock as it slide past her 
tongue.  She could also smell the definite man scent from his hairy balls.  
Yet, despite the disgusting act, she was getting more and more excited.  
She just had to control her asshole a little longer! 

Really getting into it now, Pa pushed the remaining several inches into her.  
After a half dozen fast strokes, he pushed in hard and stopped.  Jenny could 
feel the pulsation of his cock and knew what was coming next.  In just 
seconds, she was rewarded with his hot thick goo! 

At that same moment, Jed landed a hard swat that caught her pussy lips and 
clit.  When she moaned loudly, Zeke reached in and started rubbing her clit.  
She could feel wave after pleasurable wave flow through her as she tried to 
swallow the enormous amount of cum Pa had deposited in her throat. 

"Oh, fuck, that's good!" Pa shouted as he felt the vibrations of Jenny's 
moans ripple through his softening cock.  Holding her head down tightly, he 
continued pumping her face until the every drop was drained from him. 

Jenny, however, was still cumming.  She could feel her female fluids 
splatter on her legs as Zeke continued rubbing and pulling her clit and 
Jed whipped her ass hard. 

After several minutes of orgasms, Jenny finally went limp.  Zeke dropped 
his pants and moved up behind her penetrating her wet pussy on the first 
stab of his hard cock.  She was so wet that she hardly felt him enter.  She 
could just lay there with her eyes closed by Zeke took her roughly.  And, 
it didn't take long.  No sooner than he started pumping, he slammed hard 
into her and came.  Jenny could feel the pulsing of his hot cock as shot 
after shot landed deep inside her. 

As Zeke backed away, his cock was replaced by Jed's.  He, like Zeke, only 
lasted a couple of thrusts before he had added his sperm to the pool 
developing deep inside Jenny's pussy. 

When Jed moved off her, Jenny realized she was worn out.  Looking out the 
window, she could see that it was beginning to get dark.  Quickly 
calculating, she realized that she had been their sex captive for more than 
six hours!  As she started to relive the previous scenes, she drifted off 
to sleep. 

"Okay, boys, let her be!  She took a good beating and needs rest some.  
Don't want to wear out the first day!" Pa said as he pushed the boys aside. 

Jenny awoke to a strange sensation.  Look around, she saw it was dark 
outside and she could smell food.  She was still tied to the same table in 
the same position, but, someone or something was licking her pussy.  And, 
it felt fantastic.  So good, in fact, that she could feel the beginning of 
another orgasm working. 

As she lay there and let the orgasm build, she looked into the kitchen and 
saw three men busy with their supper.  Panicing slightly, she let out a cry 
and tried to see who was behind her.  But, she was bound to tightly to turn 
her head that far. 

Hearing her cry out, Jed came into the room and started laughing out loud.  
"Damn, Pa, you gotta see this!  Ole Blue done found himself a bitch!" 

Both Pa and Zeke came running in and found that, sure enough, their old 
hound was indeed lapping away hungrily at Jenny dripping cunt. 

"Damn it, dog!  Git on out of it!" Pa yelled as he kicked at the dog and 
missed. 

Startled, the dog yelped and ran out of the room, banging off the far wall 
as he did so. 

"Ah, Pa, he was just trying to get himself a little snack!" Zeke said. 

"I ain't a gonna be fucking nothing after that dog's had his way with it!" 
Pa exclaimed.  "Jed, untie her so's she can get herself cleaned up!" 

As Jed and Zeke started untying her arms and legs, Pa continued, "All right, 
woman, the bathroom is just down the hall.  Get yourself cleaned up and then 
come get you some food.  In exactly fifteen minutes, I want to see you 
standing by that chair.  Understood?  Oh, and don't bother putting any of 
your clothes back on!  You won't be needing 'em for awhile!  Go on, now; 
git!" 

Giving her a hard slap to her already sore ass, Jenny straightened up as 
best she could and hobbled down the hall.  Her legs were very sore from 
being stretched so far and beaten on so long and hard.  She knew she had to 
be quick, but she took time to look at her backside in the full-length 
mirror on the back of the door.  Her ass was totally red from about two 
inches below her heavy cheeks to almost two inches above.  As she spread her 
butt cheeks open, she saw that she had bruises all along her crack and 
leading to her pussy.  Turning around, she leaned back and spread her pussy 
open only to find the same type of bruising. 

The hot shower water felt good as it ran down and soothed her sore, aching 
body.  But, knowing, she must hurry, she reluctantly turned it off and 
quickly toweled herself dry.  As she began to wrap the towel around her 
chest, she remembered what Pa has said.  Quickly casting it aside, she left 
for the kitchen and some much-needed nurishment. 

As she stood in the kitchen making herself a ham sandwich, she say Old Blue 
staring at her from outside the screen door.  Shuddering at the thought of 
what might have happened, Jenny quickly downed the sandwich and fixed 
another.  As she inhaled the second sandwich, she wondered if her fifteen 
minutes were up.  She had no way of telling time, so she quickly drank a 
glass of cold milk and rushed back into the living room. 

As she stopped next to Pa's chair, she saw Jed stretched out on the sofa 
and Zeke on the floor; both watching the TV. 

"Fetch me a beer, woman!" Pa commanded. 

As Jenny turned to hurry back into the kitchen, she heard both boys echo 
the same request.  Returning with three cold bottles of beer, she handed 
each of them out. 

"Damn it, woman!  I don't drink beer out of the bottle!  Where's my mug!" 
Pa yelled as his hand landed hard on Jenny's tender butt. 

"I'm sorry.  I didn't know", Jenny cried as she ran back into the kitchen 
in search of the mugs.  Unable to find them anywhere, she finally opened 
the freezer and sure enough, they were there.  Scurrying back into the 
living room, she poured each of the beers and presented the mugs proudly. 

Pa just grunted as he drank down about half the glass while Jenny looked 
on; still totally naked.  Setting the mug down, he grabbed Jenny by her arm 
and threw her across his lap.  Before her hand could even try and protect 
her sore rear, he had landed three solid spanks. 

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! 

"Wa, what's that for?" cried Jenny as she was unsuccessful in covering 
herself. 

SMACK! 

"For being two minutes..." 

SMACK! 

"late!  And,..." 

SMACK! 

"for not bringing the mugs!", Pa said. 

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! 

"Ow, please, not there. It hurts!" Jenny cried knowing her pleas were 
falling on deaf ears. 

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! 

The old man was concentrating all his blows to the bottom center of her ass 
where she was the most bruised all ready. 

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! 

The red on Jenny's lower ass was turning purple quickly.  The pain was 
almost too much for her to bear and the tears were streaming down her 
cheeks and onto the floor beneath her.  Using both hands to hold herself 
up, Jenny felt Pa reach under her with his left hand and grab a handful of 
her breast.  Continuing to spank her, he began twisting and pulling on her 
helpless tit. 

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! 

Pa now moved his hand to underneach her belly.  Clamping her clit in 
between his thumb and finger, he tugged on it in time with his blows.  
Despite herself, Jenny began to orgasm.  As the tears still ran, Jenny 
began moaning and humping into his hand wildly.  She hadn't even noticed 
that he had stopped the spanking as her body shuddered and shivered with 
the waves of pleasure.  Giving one final moan, Jenny went limp and slumped 
down over his legs. 

"Damn, Pa, you done made her cum again!" Jed said admiringly, "Can I fuck 
her now?" 

"Not yet, boy.  Woman, git over there in the corner by the TV and face the 
wall.  Put your hands behind your head and spread your legs.  I wanna be 
able to see them pussy lips a dangling!" Pa ordered. 

Wiping away the tears, Jenny stood up and moved slowly to the corner.  As 
she clasped the back of her neck with her hands, she spread her legs as far 
as was able to and still stand up.  Hearing the hoots and catcalls from 
behind her, she knew she had succeeded in displaying her sopping and abused 
pussy to their satisfaction.  She felt totally humiliated as the red flush 
of embarassment settled across her body. 

After about an hour, she was ordered to turn and face the room; hands still 
behind head, legs still apart.  If it was possible, she was now even more 
embarassed wontanly displaying her privates for them.  But, still it was a 
turn on for her.  Her pussy was still drooling and ready for more. 

After another hour, Pa walked up to her and began running his fingers over 
and into her cunt.  Jenny closed her eyes as she braced herself for the 
impending waves of pleasure.  Sure enough, within minutes of having his 
hand buried in her, she began to feel the first of the orgasm.  Just as 
she was getting into it, he stopped. 

SLAP! 

Jenny yelped as the blow landed right on top of her hard little clit.  But, 
instantly, his fingers were sawing back into her and fire once again 
ignited.  Bucking against his hand, Jenny coaxed the orgasm on. 

SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! 

Again, all on the cunt.  This time, however, Jenny didn't miss a beat.  
The orgasm was upon her. 

SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! 

"OHHHHH! AHHHHHH!" Jenny cried out as she came hard while he hit her clit. 

"She is too fucking much!" Zeke said as he watched Jenny's pussy expel it's 
juices while Pa abused it. 

SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! 

"UNGHHHHHHHHHHH!" she yelled as she froze and grimaced as the orgasm peaked. 

As Jenny relaxed, Pa moved away and said, "Okay, boys, she's all yours.  
I'm going to bed.  Don't get no ideas about leaving us, little lady.  Old 
Blue there done had a taste of that there pussy of yours and if'n he catches 
you outside, well, let's just say you won't be no more use to me!" 

As Pa laughed and left the room, both boys stripped down and pushed Jenny 
onto the sofa.  Pushing her all ready hard cock into her Pussy, Jed began 
hammering her like it was his first fuck.  Zeke leaned down and fed his hard 
cock to her mouth where he did likewise. 

Over the next two hours, Jenny was brutally fucked in all her holes; pussy, 
ass and mouth.  And, each had had it's share of sperm deposits made! 
Evidently, this was something these boys had done before as it didn't 
appear to bother either of them to eat a freshly-fucked pussy or asshole 
full of his brother's cum! 

But, they weren't the only ones who got off!  Jenny had had countless 
orgasms.  The boys knew she liked the pain and were eager to please.  As 
they buried their cocks and tongues into her, they would abuse a particular 
tender spot.  Like twisting and pulling on her nipples, clit or pussy lips.  
Or, pinching the cheek flesh right next to her asshole.  Between the pain 
and the pleasure, the night seemed like one continuous orgasm to Jenny. 

When they were through with her, they both left.  Jenny, too tired to even 
go clean up, feel into a deep sleep sprawled out on the sofa. 

SMACK! 

Jenny awoke with a start and tried to open her eyes. 

SMACK! 

Quickly sitting up, she saw the large figure of the old man standing over 
her. 

"Get your ass up, girl!  There's work to be done.  But first, you git on 
in there and git that shit cleaned off of you.  You got cum all over you!  
Then, git back in here and clean the sofa, too!" Pa commanded. 

As Jenny stood to run to the bathroom, Pa landed two more hard smacks to her 
bruised ass. 

Taking her time, Jenny let the hot steamy water roll down her, refreshing 
and invigorating her abused body.  After ten minutes, she heard someone 
beating on the door, so her hurriedly got out and dried off.  Grabbing a wet 
washcloth and her towel, she ran back to the living room to tend to the sofa. 

Just as she arrived, she saw Pa standing at the door talking to what looked 
like a Sheriff's Deputy.  Noticing Jenny, he tried to shut the inside door, 
but it was too late; the Deputy had spotted Jenny.  Quickly entering the 
room, the Deputy pulled his gun and ordered Pa to sit in the chair.  Both 
boys came into the room at the same time and were quickly told to sit as 
well. 

"You must be Jenny", the Deputy said to Jenny. 

As she nodded, she saw him circle behind her looking her over carefully. 

"Go get something on." he told her, "I'll take care of these freaks!" 

Using on his handheld radio, he called for backup support.  Within 30 
minutes, Pa and the boys were handcuffed and taken away in patrol cars.  
Jenny had found most of her clothes and was escorted to the Deputy's car. 

"I'll take you to the hospital.  They'll take care of you bruises." he said 
softly. 

"No, just take me home. Please?  I'm fine.  I'll be okay." Jenny asked. 

"Well, I don't know.  You really need to be checked by the doctors." he 
insisted. 

"Please, please just take me home.  I work at a hospital.  I'll have myself 
checked." Jenny assured him. 

"Okay, I guess.  But, I'll need you to come down to the station this 
afternoon and sign some paperwork, okay?" 

"Sure, what ever you want." Jenny said. 

The two hour trip home was a silent one with the Deputy not knowing what to 
say and Jenny trying to grasp what had happened to her over the past 24 
hours. 

Soon, Jenny was back in her own home.  She ran a hot bath and when ready, 
she just eased her tired body in.  The hot water felt good and soon, a lot 
of her pain was gone. 

After 30 minutes, her water had started to cool down and Jenny, after doing 
a lot of thinking, knew exactly what she had to do.  After drying off, she 
didn't even bother getting dressed.  She found the Deputy's card and dialed 
his number. 

When he answered and recognized it was Jenny, he said, "Would you like me 
to come get you?" 

"No, I don't think that will be necessary.  What are they being charged 
with?" Jenny inquired. 

"Well, I'm not exactly sure yet.  We were kind of waiting on you to come 
down so we could get your statement and the whole story.  Probably the 
least would be kidnapping." the Deputy said. 

"But, the didn't kidnap me!" Jenny lied. "Please let them go; they didn't 
do anything.  I got my bruises when my car went off the road.  They were 
just trying to help." 

"No way, Jenny!  You know that's a lie!" the Deputy yelled. 

"I'm sorry, Deputy, but that's the truth.  Now, please let them go!" Jenny 
said as she hung up the phone. 

Jenny rushed around and found an old simple cotton dress.  Pulling it over 
her head, she began searching for something; she didn't know exactly what.  
After going through all the drawers and closets, she finally find what she 
was looking for.  Next, she called into work and left a message that she 
needed some time off because of what happened.  She told them not to bother 
trying to reach her because she wasn't taking her phone. 

After making sure the house was in order, Jenny called a cab company to see 
if the could make a two hour trip.  After finding one, she locked up and 
went outside to wait. 

Twenty minutes later, Jenny was on her way back; retracing the route the 
Deputy drove to take her home.  When they arrived at her destination, she 
promptly paid the cabbie his exorbitant fare and watched as he drove off.  
As soon as he was out of site, Jenny removed her dress and, taking the red 
ribbon from her purse, wrapped it around her stomach, down between her legs 
and up over her shoulders.  When she was done, she fastened the big red bow 
to the middle, right below her naked breasts.  Walking up the steps, she 
lightly knocked on the door. 

Fearing that they might be home yet, the door suddenly opened. 

"Well, well, what have we here?" Pa grinned, "Well, woman, git yer big butt 
in here right now!  You've got a whipping coming for taking off like that!" 

As she quickly rushed inside, Jenny shuddered as she thought about what he 
might have in store for her.  But, it didn't matter, her pussy was all ready 
starting to leak! 



