Built for speed.  That's how I would describe Kris.  She stood about 5'7" tall, had long, gorgeous legs and had 
surprisingly nice curves built onto her slender frame.  She was thinner than I am typically attracted to--she had 
almost no breasts to speak of--but there was something that drew me to her on a primal level.  

Kris was a friend of a friend, as the saying goes.  I met her when she visited my friend, Patty, one weekend during 
the summer between our Junior and Senior years at college.  Patty and I got together often that summer because we lived 
only two blocks apart and neither one of us had many other friends who had stayed around for the summer.  Kris and Patty 
knew each other from high school, but oddly enough I had never met her before even though I had known Patty since freshman 
year.

I caught up with them at Pat's Pub, my favorite bar.  It was my favorite not only because of the bar itself, but also 
because it was only 4 blocks from my apartment (2 blocks from Patty's).  When I arrived the girls already had a booth, 
and Patty's friends, Elaine and Jenny, with whom she had lived in the dorm, were with them.  

As fate would have it the only empty seat in the booth was next to Kris.  She was wearing a loose fitting white blouse 
and a black skirt.  She had electric blue eyes and black hair that was so short it was spiky.  As I said, she wasn't really 
my type, but I just couldn't keep my eyes off of her.  We sat around making chit chat, for a while.  "What's your major?  
Where are you working this summer?  Blah, blah, blah."  When Kris went to the bathroom I pulled Patty aside and asked about 
Kris.  She said that she had a boyfriend at home but that their relationship was on the rocks. 

A short time later the conversation suddenly got very interesting.  Out of the blue Patty claimed/bragged that she had 
never had a boyfriend who could keep up with her sexually.  She said her last boyfriend had a big dick but could only ever 
do it once or maybe twice a night and that almost always left her unsatisfied.  Then they all chimed in with their opinions 
about that.  This topic, and the way they all dove into it stunned me so I just sat quietly and listened.  It was 
fascinating.  Guys never talk about shit like that.  Never.

For her part, Elaine really enjoyed giving head and apparently always swallowed.  She said she'd rather do 69 than have 
intercourse, for which Jenny accused her of being insane, though she said she enjoyed giving and receiving oral too.  On 
and on it went.  Kris didn't contribute much to this topic, but I could have sworn I caught her eyeing me a couple of times.

Then Patty suggested we go dancing and the other girls all went wild at the idea.  I like to dance, but I hated only dance 
club in that town.  It was a meat market that was always stuffed full of drunk-ass frat boys who thought they owned the 
place.  I kept my opinion to myself though, and soon we were all sitting in a booth much the same as we had been, but now 
we were in a super loud barn of a bar twenty feet away from a gratuitously lit dance floor.  


Patty asked me to dance, and I obliged her for three songs.  Apparently I made an impression because on our way back to 
the booth Elaine grabbed me a dragged me back out onto the floor.  I had always found Elaine very attractive and now after 
having listened that blowjob conversation my mind was running.  So much so that I had to beg off for a drink after two 
songs because I was getting a hard on watching her dance and visualizing her lips around my manhood.  As I drank my beer 
I tried to figure out how I could get Elaine to show me her skills later.  Then the night went in a different direction.

Kris asked me to dance.  I didn't think too much of it, but as we cavorted around the dance floor I forgot all about 
Elaine.  Kris moved with the grace of somebody who is really comfortable in her body, and she was definitely sending me 
a message.  At one point she kicked her leg way up high and pulled me to her so her ankle landed on my shoulder.  I looked 
at her, amazed, and she gave me the most smolderingly hot look I've ever seen.  After that we weren't long for that club.  
I gave Patty some money for our tab and Kris and I bolted. 

In short order we were on the doorstep to my apartment.  As I fumbled in the dark for the key I simultaneously felt Kris's 
tongue on the back of my neck, her arms around my waist and hands on my package.  My heart was pounding like a jungle drum.  
She had my shorts unbuttoned and unzipped before I could get the key in the slot, and it rattled around the doorknob, 
scraping metal on metal.  Before I knew what was happening she had my cock out of my pants right there on the patio.  She 
gasped upon feeling my swollen member. 

"Ooo you're a big guy!" she said. 

I leaned forward and put my hands up on the door.  She whispered in my ear, "I'm going to fuck you until you beg me to 
stop," squeezing my rod on the word stop.'  

Forgetting about the door, I spun around and met her lips with mine, our tongues intertwined rapidly.  She put her arms 
around my neck, wrapped her right leg around my lower back and pulled me to her with more force than I would have thought 
she could have generated with her petite body.  My hands were on her ass as she ground her crotch against my naked manhood.  
We both moaned.  She reached beneath her skirt, pulled her underwear to the side, and then jumped up, wrapping her other 
leg around me.  

"Give it to me!  Now!!" she demanded.
 
My hands were under her ass and I lowered her down.  She closed her eyes and bit her lip as my rod pressed into her box.  
When I was a couple inches into her she gasped and pleaded, "Go slow.  God you're so big!"  I lifted her up (she was as 
light as could be) until only the head of my cock was inside her, then lowered her slowly back down.  I felt her juices 
oozing onto my rod as I repeated this movement, each time entering her a little bit more than the last and soon my full 
length was driving into her each time I lowered her down.  She buried her head in my neck, nibbling my flesh like a baby 
vampire. 

She clamped her calves around my ass and impaled herself on my full length, grinding her hips against mine.  I gasped as 
she squeezed my cock with her cunt muscles.  Every part of her was strong!  I stopped lifting her and supported her just 
enough to keep her from falling.  I squeezed her wonderfully firm ass in my hands and she continued to writhe on my cock.  

Suddenly I heard some very loud voices from up the street (a bunch of drunk frat boys walking up the sidewalk from the 
sound of them).  Realizing it was time to take this party inside I was ecstatic to find the key ring around my finger.  
I turned around and engaged in my second round of Put the Key in the Door.  Kris heard the guys approaching as well, but 
she decided to have some fun with me.  She really clamped down on my cock with the walls of her pussy as I fumbled with 
the key again.  "Aaah," I sighed and almost dropped the keys.  I looked at her desperately and she gave me a playful laugh.  

At last I triumphed over the door-key puzzle and shoved it open.  I kissed Kris hard and stepped into the doorway, but 
I tripped over the threshold as I did.  I righted myself before we fell, kicked the door shut then proceeded down the hall 
to my bedroom.  Thank God my roommate, Larry, wasn't home!

At my desk I had an old fashioned office chair with a back but no arm rests.  I slowly lowered us both down onto it.  Now 
that she could reach the floor with her feet Kris started riding me like a crazed cowgirl.  She moved her hips back & forth 
and up & down at the same time, squeezing my cock with her sugar walls as she did.  

I tried to unbutton her blouse but only managed to free one button because she was moving around so much.  Sensing my 
frustration she pulled it off over her head and tossed it aside--she wasn't wearing a bra.  Her nipples were rock hard 
and jutted straight out.  I played with her tiny breasts some but mostly I just leaned back and enjoyed the ride.  

She was throwing her head all around as she thrashed about, but then suddenly she grabbed my shoulders, stared into my 
eyes and exclaimed "OH GOD!!!"  I felt all of her muscles contract simultaneously as her orgasm struck.  Her eyes opened 
as wide as saucers, her mouth hung open, and she remained frozen for several seconds (I started to wonder if she was 
having a seizure or something).  Then she collapsed on top of me, with the muscles of her pussy contracting sporadically 
like aftershocks from an earthquake.  

"Oh my God!  Oh my God!  Oh my God!" she repeated as she tried to catch her breath.  She kissed me deeply.  "That was 
incredible," she said, "It was like your cock was speaking to my body."  

"It's got more to say," I replied.  

She smiled and raised her eyebrows.  

She dismounted my cock and stood up, still breathing pretty hard.  She pulled her skirt down and stepped out of it.  Then 
she held her hand out to me and helped me stand as well.  

"You're overdressed," she said.  

She grabbed the bottom of my shirt and pulled it up over my head.  She fondled my chest and licked and sucked my nipples 
and then continued down across my abdomen.  Then she helped me out of my shorts, kneeling down in the process.  She took 
me in her mouth and began bobbing up and down on my rod as I watched.  She worked my cock masterfully using just her mouth, 
cupping and massaging my balls with one hand and squeezing my ass with the other.  Then she withdrew from my cock from her 
mouth, looked up at me and said, "I like tasting myself on you."  She slurped my rod back into her mouth and in shot order 
I heard myself gasp, "I'm gonna come."  She kept at it until I let loose several huge streams of cum into her mouth.  She 
hummed "Mmmmmm" as she swallowed my load.  

Without a word she walked over to my bed, sat down and leaned back onto her elbows.  Then she slowly raised her legs off 
of the floor and spread them wide, wider, and then wider still.  She was incredibly flexible (I learned later that she did 
yoga).  When she was done her legs were completely split and pointing opposite one another.  I took a moment then to 
appreciate her.  Her legs were long, lean and muscular and she held that split seemingly effortlessly.  Her skin was tan 
(a tanning booth tan with no tan lines) and really smooth.  Her pubic hair was left natural, but it was trimmed neat like 
everything else about her.  Her stomach was absolutely flat and her nipples were rigid atop her tiny boobs.  

She glared at me longingly and beckoned me to her with one finger.  I knew what she wanted and I knew how to give it to 
her.  In no time I was on my knees giving her all I had.  I French kissed her pussy lips while flitting my tongue inside 
of her.  At this she started moaning and carrying on, yelling "right there" (or something to that effect) when I hit on a 
particularly good spot.  I moved upward and focused on her clit while sliding my index finger inside her pussy at the same 
time.  I made the "come hither" move with my finger looking for her g-spot and she went wild.  

"That's it!" she yelled.  "Yes.  Yes!  YES!" 

I moved my head rapidly from side to side, buffeting her clit with my lips, and she started screaming and flailing her 
arms on the bed.  I kept this up for several seconds until I sensed that she needed me to stop.  Then I moved back down 
to her pussy lips and licked them slowly.  

"Oh, God," she panted.  "God.  Oh my God."  She invoked the Lord at least six or eight times more before she reached 
down and lifted my face.  

"What did you do?" she asked between heavy breaths.

I just smiled.

"I'm going to need some time before I can do anything else," she said.

"You just lay down," I said.  "Leave the rest to me."

She lowered her quivering legs and pulled them onto the bed as she rolled onto her front.  

When I think back on this encounter, this is the moment that invariably comes to mind, and for one simple reason: you 
could search the internet, the porn industry, or Miami Beach during Spring Break and I guarantee you, you would not come 
across a finer ass than the one Kris had.  Rising sharply from her upper-thigh it was wonderfully curved, but trim and 
toned with not an ounce of excess fat.  Her skin was flawless across the arc of her bum through where it scooped into the 
concavity of small of her back.  I was absolutely flabbergasted by this spectacular sight.  

Slowly I reached up and lay one hand on it, and then the other.  It was fabulously firm, giving just a little when I 
squeezed it.  I must have sat there fondling her ass for quite a while because the next thing I knew I heard Kris say, 
"you like?"   She was looking back at me over her shoulder.

"You have a spectacular ass, Kris."

"Well, Big Boy, are you going to do anything more than just squeeze it?"

I climbed onto the bed, managing to straddle her legs without taking my hands off her ass.  I guided my cock in between 
her thighs (which didn't come close to touching each other) and entered her all the way at once, causing her to gasp.  She 
was sopping wet but still magnificently tight.  I sat up and began rocking my hips in a slow rhythm.  I fucked her 
leisurely while working my hands over her ass and hips to her waist and back, over and over.  She had the most divine 
dimples of Venus and I put my thumbs on them and curled my fingers around her waist.  I could have stayed like this all 
night, it was bliss.  She was moaning consistently and asked me to speed up several times which I resisted (a little 
torment never killed anybody).  Eventually I relented and sped up my pace (but not too muchI wanted this to last as long 
as possible).  Finally she said she couldn't take it any longer and asked to get on top.  

I lay down on my back and she climbed on top.  She impaled herself on my rod and went right after it, gyrating her hips 
and moving up and down rapidly.  At the same time she began fingering her clit furiously.  Suddenly she shut her eyes 
tight, clenched her teeth and let out the most violent sounding moaning scream I've ever heard.  At the same time her 
pussy absolutely clamped down on my cock, which brought forth my own orgasm in short order.  She collapsed onto me and 
I continued thrusting into her in synch with the contractions of my climax.  We lay like that for a long time and 
eventually fell asleep.  

"Oh crap!" was the sound I woke to.  Kris was standing in the middle of my room looking at my desk.

"What?"
 
"I have to go."

"Now?"

"No, but soon.  I still have to drive home."

"You're not staying at Patty's?"

"No."

"Do you want to stay here?"

"You're sweet, but I can't," she said.  "I *do* want you one more time before I leave though," she said with a devilish 
smile.  

"How do you want it?"  I asked as I stood up.

"Hard."  

I took her by the shoulders, turned her around and bent her over so her hands were on my office chair.  She pushed it 
aside and assumed what I later learned was called "the wolf position," bending over at the waist and putting her hands 
to the floor while keeping her legs and back straight and leaning her weight forward just a little to give her leverage 
to push back.  

I grabbed her by the hips and gave her what she wanted, laying into her with everything I had, just flat out pounding her 
over and over and over.  Normally I like to change things up and switch positions at least once or twice, but she was 
having none of that.  

"That's it, give it to me!" she said, more than once. 

I really slammed her and even smacked her ass a few times, which seemed to just up the ante.  

"Don't--Stop!" she demanded.

Her body was real work of art and to see it in high performance like this was impressive.  Her skin glistened with sweat 
and, bent over as she was, all the muscles from her shoulders through her back were working: it was a beautiful thing.  
She held that position for a very long time and pushed back to meet my every thrust, which I now realize took tremendous 
strength.  She really tested my endurance, but all in all I did myself proud noting later that she never felt the need to 
tell me to give it to her harder.  

I reached around her slender waist and worked her clit while keeping a good grip on her hip with the other hand.  Not 
long after I started that she let loose a high pitched squeal when she came.  That did nothing to allay her intensity, 
however.  

"Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!" she groaned, deeply.

I grabbed her hips with both hands again and made my final push.  Her juices were running down my thighs.  I smacked her 
ass again.

"Do it again," she urged.  

There was a red hand print on her right cheek already, but I aim to please so I raised my hand and slowly and deliberately 
let her have it three more times.  She came again and her cries of pain/ecstasy pushed me over the edge.  I exploded into 
her, thrusting violently with each pulsing contraction, driving as deeply into her as humanly possible.  

We wound down in that position for a long time with me grinding my hips into her and her thrusting back onto me, gradually 
decreasing our pace and intensity.  Finally I slipped out of her.  She moaned and slowly collapsed onto the floor.  I did 
the same, spooning her, and put my arm over her.  She reached up and held it there.  

We lay like that for a while longer, but eventually Kris said she had to go.  After that amazing session I thought for sure 
we would see each other again, but I was mistaken.  After she didn't return my phone calls for two weeks I consulted with 
Patty, and she told me that Kris and her boyfriend had patched things up and were still together.  I was incredulous.

"I don't understand.  I thought we had a fantastic time together," I said.

"Oh, she said she had a great time."

"Then?" 

Patty took pity on me.  "I'm not supposed to tell you this," she said "but Kris told me that she couldn't see you again 
because she still loves her boyfriend, and she couldn't do that to him again--regardless of how many times you made her 
come."  

I stared at her through a puzzled expression as I tried to take that in.  

"She said that?"

"Yeah, she did."

"Huh," I said.

Patty shifted around a little nervously.  

"So, uh, Big Boy.  I was wondering...  What are you doing tonight?" 

