I was 18 years old when I started having an intimate relationship
with my aunt Chaya. We are a middle class family. I was staying at
their place for my studies. My aunt was married at the age of 21 to
my uncle. She had given birth to a boy just a few months before it
started. It was the baby that started our affair. My beautiful aunt,
who was 22 years old at that time, used to breast-feed the baby. As
a young boy of 17, I was attracted by her breasts, which were
extremely big and shapely. At home, I realized that she used to
cover her body fully when uncle was around but when he used to go
for work she used to be careless of her sari covering her body and
blouse in particular, I found my aunt did not wear any bra and her
big breasts would jiggle nicely inside her blouse as she walked her
prominent nipples would be pushing the thin teri cotton material of
her blouse and sometimes, her blouse will be slightly wet with milk
from her breasts.

I developed the habit of watching her breasts as the baby sucked on
her breasts. I could get only glimpses of her nipples and areola as
the baby sucked. But those glimpses drove me crazy. Her areolas were
rosy in color and her nipple was slightly reddish, because she was
extremely fair in color. I knew the times she gave milk to the baby
and I would position myself conveniently so that I can watch her
breasts, even though pretending to read my books. I never imagined
that she would be aware of what I was doing. It was after the baby
started getting indigestions, that the first event happened. One
morning, she said " Aakash, you must stop watching my breasts when I
feed the baby". I was scared out of my wits that she knows what I am
doing. I could not say anything. But she continued, "Your watching
is causing the baby stomach problems because the milk is spoilt. Are
you jealous of the baby? " I was extremely embarrassed, but I was
glad she was not angry with me. "Remember, not to watch when I feed
the baby". I said, "Yes aunty" and I just sat quiet, simply nodded
my head and ran out of the house to hide my embarrassment.

Afternoon, my aunts breasts looked more attractive to me than usual.
I did not watch her when she fed the baby, but I kept looking at her
left breast visible from sides as her sari never used to cover her
blouse, I was thrilled and enjoyed the nice movements her breasts
made inside her blouse as she moved about her nipples were
prominently projecting from inside the thin material of her blouse.
When she realized me looking at her breast, she smiled gently and
adjusted her sari. Then while she was cleaning floor her sari's
pallu fell and both her big breasts were exposed to my view. She
immediately covered it. Suddenly she came near to me and said, "Look
here, though you are pretty old but by relation you are also like my
son. Do you want some milk? I do not mind to feed you from these
breasts. You can suck my breasts and satisfy your desire when your
uncle goes to office. But you must promise not to tell anybody about
this. Ok?" " Aakash, come to the bedroom". My heart was pounding
with anticipation as I followed her to the bedroom. There she lay
down and asked me to lie beside her. Then she unbuttoned her blouse
and thrust her right nipple in my mouth. I eagerly took her nipple
between my lips and started pressing it. But milk was not coming.

Aunty laughed and said "Poor boy, you have forgotten how you had
sucked your mother's breasts. It has been a long time. Here, take
more of my breast in your mouth and suck on it. Then you will get
milk." I did as she told me, and her sweet milk started flowing into
my mouth. She drew me closer to her and hugged me. After few
minutes, when milk stopped coming from her right breast, she asked
me to take her left breast in my mouth and I enjoyed milk from that
breasts until it was also empty. She said, "Is that enough, baby?
Come; let us go to the hall before housemaid comes. But I
said, "Aunty, please let me continue sucking your breast a little
more. It is so warm and soft in my mouth." She said "Ok, Aakash only
a little while because she is likely to come soon." and I again took
her warm breast in my mouth and gently pressed it with my lips and
tongue. Then I cupped her other breast in my hand and started
caressing it. After a while, she said "You like my breasts. Don't
you Aakash?" and she hugged me closer to her.

Her voice was unsteady a little bit and I became aware of her heavy
breathing. I do not know how long she let me suck her breasts, but I
was disappointed when she said, "Come Aakash, let us get up enough
for now." I also noticed that her nipples were more prominent than
usual and that made my aunt look lovelier. After the housemaid had
gone, aunty whispered, "Aakash, let us do it. We lay down side by
side and aunt opened her blouse for me. I hugged her tight and took
her right breast in my mouth and sucked her milk. There was lot more
milk than morning in both of her breasts. After I emptied both her
breasts, aunt said, "Did you have enough milk today, Aakash? I gave
the baby cow's milk so that you can have more milk" I was thrilled
and hugged her tight. "Thanks aunt, your milk and your breasts are
so sweet and thanks for showing me both your breasts", I said. Aunt
said, " I am happy to show them to you, Aakash. I was a little bit
embarrassed because my nipples were erect the whole day and were
pushing my blouse out yesterday" I said, "Aunty, those nipples have
become more erect and make you look more beautiful today. But why
have they become so erect Aunty?" She said, "All because of your
sucking and fondling, Aakash". "Aunty, does my sucking and fondling
hurt your breasts" "No, silly boy, I feel so nice about your sucking
and fondling. That is why my nipples become erect. Now enough, suck
this breast and fondle the other one". I simply obeyed her. I
continued my courtship with my aunt's breasts for along time until
we heard the baby crying. Aunty said, "Aakash, let me go and feed
the baby. Stay here. You can continue when I come back, Ok?" After
fifteen minutes she came back.

This time, I unbuttoned her blouse and instead of sucking her
breasts, I kissed them fondly. She was excited. I sat against the
wall and asked her to lean on me and cupped her breasts from behind
and gently fondled them. I caressed her nipples slowly and they
became erect. I kissed her neck moving her mangal sutra aside. I
could feel her trembling against me. After a little while she said,
I have some milk now in my breasts. Just suck it and let me finish
housework before your uncle comes. Ok?" and gave me her breasts. I
sucked all the sweet warm milk out of them and then she went to
finish her household chores.

I was eagerly waiting for the next morning for uncle to go to
office. That day, after my uncle had gone to office, she strictly
limited our affair to one hour. But she continued to display her
breasts for me during the day and also gradually stopped breast-
feeding the baby and gave me all her milk to suck. Since there was
too much milk for her to hold the whole day, she asked me to come
home at lunchtime from college, so that she can feed me. In the
evening, she asked me not to go for playing and I had a feeding in
the evening too. This went on for a week. Of course my uncle never
knew anything about our affair.

But my grandmother, my uncle's mother came on her regular visit to
stay for a week. My aunty had warned me to keep away from her during
grandma's visit. I was not going to get any milk. That was going to
be a torture, but aunty said it is better to suffer a week rather
than lose our affair forever. However whenever she could she slid
her sari to show her breasts to me. The third day after grandma had
come, aunty whispered me to come to the kitchen. I was surprised,
with grandma having bath in bathroom, how can we play in the
kitchen? By the time I got to the kitchen, she had her blouse
already open and thrust her breast in my mouth. The breast was of
course swollen with milk and I had my stomach full of her delicious
milk in fifteen minutes. So I again had my aunt's beautiful breasts
to taste and fondle, now with the additional precaution due to
presence of my grandma.

When I returned from college, she had cooked a nice food for us and
we all ate heartily. In afternoon, grandma went to temple pujari to
show her little grandsons kundali and would be back in evening.
After she had left what seemed to me a long time (even though it was
only fifteen minutes), aunty closed the door and came near me she
was wearing her regular thin cotton sari and slightly tight blouse
which accentuated her shapely breasts. She sat on my lap and
lovingly opened her sweet mouth. Her sweet lips so near me
intoxicated me very much and grasping her waist, drew her towards me
and kissed her. Aunt gasped and struggled a bit but I held on to her
waist and pressed my lips to hers strongly. She relaxed and put her
arms around me and gave her lips to me to taste. We kissed for five
minutes and then sank back into the bed breathing heavily. Aunt was
silent and I was worried. "Aunty are you angry?" I asked. "No, you
just surprised me. That is all". "Then you will let me kiss
you?" "Of course, if you cannot kiss me who else can".

I was thrilled and again hugged her and kissed her passionately on
her lips. When our lips parted, I said, "your lips are so sweet and
soft". Aunty said, "Aakash, there is something else sweet waiting
for you inside my blouse. Don't you want it?" It was then that I
noticed that her blouse was all wet in the front with her milk. "I
have been heavy with milk from the morning. The thought that we are
going to be together in this nice room for the whole afternoon made
lot of milk in my breasts today. Please suck my breasts". I cursed
myself for being so inconsiderate and immediately unbuttoned her
tight blouse. Her beautiful breasts jumped free showing me the
lovely aureoles and the erect nipples. I cupped my aunt's breasts in
my hands lovingly and said, "Aunty, your breasts are so beautiful".
Aunty did not let me finish my sentence. She drew my head to her
right breast and thrust her nipple in my mouth. Immediately, her
sweet milk started pouring into my mouth and for the next half hour,
I sucked and fondled my young aunt's lovely breasts. She moaned with
pleasure as I teased her sensitive nipples with my tongue and when I
gently fondled her breasts cupping them nicely in my hands. "Aakash,
your hands and lips feel so nice on my breasts. I wish I can have
you do that all day". " I wish so too." "I think we can fulfill our
wishes at least for a week, Aakash. We can spend our time in this
room all day, we are free to do what we want next week when your
uncle goes to his hometown with his mother for a week"

I kissed her again on her lips and said, "I am so happy" and then
asked her "Aunty, can I take your blouse off?" She hesitated
slightly and then said, "You want me to be without blouse?" "I
eagerly said, "Yes, please". "Ok, take my blouse off with your own
hands", she said and sat up. My hands trembled as I pushed her
blouse off her lovely shoulders and took it off. Then I showered
kisses on her breasts and shoulders and neck. She hugged me and
moaned with excitement. Then she said, "Aakash, take your shirt off
to. It is not fair if only I have to take off my blouse". I was only
happy and immediately peeled off my shirt and threw it on the floor.
Immediately, she hugged me and kissed me. She felt my muscles and
said, "Aakash, I am so happy to have such a strong bodied
youngster". We played with each other long that afternoon sucking
her breast's delicious milk for half hour or so. Then she got an
idea that she wanted to give me a bath. So I went with her to the
bathroom where she poured water on me and started soaping me. I was
only wearing underwear around my waist and when it became heavy with
water, it slipped down. I hurriedly tried to wear it back on, but
she snatched it away saying "It is as well, Aakash. Anyway I have to
apply soap to your hidden parts too". Then she looked at my prick
and exclaimed "Oh, Aakash, I never imagined your cock would be so
long. You know I enjoy fondling it when my child is sucking my
breast". I said "Aunty you can do that to me even when I suck your
breasts". "Then let me clean it up nicely", said aunty and applied
soap and with her soft hands cleaned the entire length of my prick.

Later, when we went up to bedroom, she gave me her breasts for
sucking and as I lay beside her, she started fondling my prick. My
prick grew large. But after she fondled it for several minutes, I
had to ejaculate and let out several hot jets of my semen, pushing
into her hand each time a jet came out. She directed my cock on to
the floor and hugged me and said "Oh my darling, I forgot you are
now a grown up young man with lot of semen in your balls." Then I
asked "Aunty you have been giving me milk for a month now. Do you
want to taste my milk too"? She shyly shook her head to say yes. I
was excited. "Aunty, just like I suck your nipples, you can take my
cock in your mouth and suck it. Then, soon, you will get the thick
milk". She did like I said and her soft lips encircled my prick and
started massaging it. I held her head in position and slowly pumped
my prick inside into her mouth. Soon, I reached my second climax and
pumped hot semen into her mouth. She did not let a drop of it go
waste. She gulped all the thick milk as I ejected it. She said "Oh,
Aakash, it tastes so nice. I want to drink it whenever you can give
me". I said, "Sure aunty, you can have all of it" and I drew her up
and we kissed passionately for a long time. After a while, she
wanted to go to the bathroom. While she was going, I noticed the
swiveling moments of her ass all these days I had been also noticing
that she used to scratch on her sari over her asshole. When she came
back, I asked her, "Aunty, I want to rub you here, can I please?"
cupping her ass with my palm. She was taken aback, but she did not
take my hand away. Her face was slightly red with shyness. I slowly
pulled her petticoat up to her waist revealing to me little by
little her gorgeous legs and smooth creamy thighs and finally her
beautiful pudenda covered with soft hair. She did not have too much
hair on her lovely womanhood and I could see the glistening petals
of her love flower nestling sexily between her thighs.

She spread her legs a little and I caressed her vulva gently and
lovingly. She closed her eyes and started moaning a little. I got
between her legs and kissed her things and all around her vulva. She
smelled very nice between her thighs and there was a fragrant warm
aroma rising from her vulva. Finally, I hugged her around her thighs
and put my lips over her soft love fruit and kissed it. She jerked a
little when my lips contacted her sensitive vulva and pressed my
head down on her vulva. Then I started licking her juices that
tasted like honey to me. Then I put my tongue inside her vulva and
touched her clit. She slightly raised her hips as I did that and I
pressed my mouth closer and took her clitoris between my lips and
gently pressed it. She jerked her hips several times as I did that
and pressed my head down harder into her vulva. Soon, she let out a
long moan and warm sweet juice poured from her pudenda. I sucked all
of her juice as it poured and licked her vulva clean like a puppy.
Then I moved up and aunty hugged me and kissed me passionately. We
kissed for a long time with more intimacy than ever before.

When our lips parted, she said, "Aakash, you are showing me so many
pleasures which I never new existed. Will you do this to me often
please? I feel so nice when you are between my thighs kissing my
pudenda". I said, "Aunty, I am willing to spend my entire life
between your thighs, drinking the sweet honey from your vulva. I
don't think I need anything else except your sweet breast milk and
vulva juice to live." Aunty said, "That reminds me, dear, my breasts
are heavy now with milk. Suck my breasts", and pulled my head to her
right breast. I took auntie's lovely soft breast, in my mouth and
started drinking her sweet milk, hugging her tightly. After a while,
aunty said, "Aakash, play with my vulva, dear. I am having strange
feelings there". I was only too glad and immediately slid down
between aunt's thighs and started showering kisses on her wet and
warm vulva. I made aunt get climax two times that afternoon by
sucking her pudenda.

This continued during the rest of the week whenever we got chance to
be alone. Next week, my uncle went to drop his mother to her native
place. That night, I saw my aunt fully naked for the first time. She
removed her blouse, sari and petticoat and stood before me like a
goddess. She looked gorgeous with nice legs and thighs and
wonderfully shaped breasts. I knelt before her and pushed my face
into her vulva and kissed it passionately. Then we lay down on the
bed and hugged each other tightly, with my penis pressing over her
pudenda. After a while, she put one leg over me and started making
pushing motions pressing my prick more tightly over her pudenda. I
was excited and said, "Aunty, let us copulate, please. I have wanted
to do that with you for so long". Aunty said, " Aakash, I have also
been dreaming of that for the past three months.

I was immensely excited to hear that aunt and I are going to become
a couple. Most of that night, aunt and I played love games with my
aunt, sucking her breasts, kissing her vulva, licking her love juice
from deep inside her vulva, teasing her clitoris with my lips and
making her get climax and fucking her between her thighs. She sucked
my cock several times, making me climax and drinking my love milk.
With all our love making, at one point, auntie's mangal sutra got
cut and all the beads and the gold fell on the bed. We picked up all
of them and bundled them up in a piece of paper so that next day,
aunt can put them on a thread again. For the rest of the night, aunt
was without mangal sutra and she did not mind. In fact, she seemed
to be feeling happy being without that mangal sutra. Next day
morning, when I came back, I saw aunt dressed in a beautiful new
silk sari, wearing lot of gold jewelry and flowers and looking like
a bride.

I was feeling like a bridegroom marrying my own aunty. . Then she
took of her sari, blouse and petticoat and became naked. I also did
the same and led her to the bed where she lay down and invitingly
spread her hands and said, " Come, Aakash, let us become a couple".
I fell on her and embraced her and showered kisses all over her
golden body, including her lovely breasts and warm vulva. Then I
asked aunty to lie on the bed with her legs dangling down and I took
her legs and put them over my shoulder. Aunt spread her vulva with
her fingers and I inserted my eager prick into my aunties waiting
pudenda. I slid my prick deep into aunt's silky vulva and slowly
started fucking her. After ten minutes, aunty reached her climax,
but I held on and I let myself have a climax only after aunt had
reached climax. I wanted aunt to remember our first coupling all her
life and I am sure she did have a heavenly time that day. Aunty was
insatiable with her new found awareness of sexual pleasure, which
she had not experienced.

Later that day she asked me to get a some blue film as she had not
seen them and had only heard about them, I was glad to get them and
in night we started watching them suddenly there was a scene of a
women having anal sex with her lover, my aunt saw that with open
mouth and asked me to rewind it for a couple of times and while
watching it for the third time started playing with my naked cock
then suddenly she whispered lets do same, and then we had anal sex
in doggy position using coconut oil which was a mind blowing
experience, she was yelling more loudly than the women in the film,
later she told me she had never done anal sex before and had only
read about it in a women's magazine.

My affair with my aunt continued for 4 years while I was staying at
their place considering that anal sex was safe ( no risk of getting
pregnant) for our relationship she used to make me do anal sex most
of the time and thereafter we used to do it whenever we got chance
while I was visiting their city. In the meantime I had got myself a
good girl friend however once during my visit to my aunt in
excitement she told me that she also had group sex with her friend's
husband and his friends. Realizing my anger she tried convincing me
that she was forced and it was not done willingly. That was shocking
to me and thereafter I stopped meeting her. I heard she has another
baby after I last met her, I keep wondering whose baby it is.

