                           A Promising Slave

                 M/F bd ds humil exhib nosex toys reluc

(C) 2006 Rachel Gumm.  Thanks to Stephen Strange for the original
idea.  You may freely distribute this story digitally, but only in
full, crediting me as the author.  Please send feedback to me at
cheapslave@googlemail.com - it makes writing these worthwhile.





From the comfort of the bed, Adrian looked Claire up and down, taking
in the captivating sight.  It had taken a while for the two of them
to get her into her current outfit, but now that it was finally
complete, he could see that it had been worth it.  He started by
taking in her feet.  She was wearing shiny ankle high ballet boots
with impossibly tall heels and tiny padlocks dangling down from the
top.

Slowly working his way up her body, he took in the beauty her curves,
emphasised by her tight-fitting black spandex catsuit.  It covered
every inch of her body from her neck down.  Even her fingers were
encased in its gloves.  In stark contrast, her crotch was encased
in a gleaming steel chastity belt that she was proudly wearing over
the top of the catsuit, and in which Adrian could even make out a
blurry reflection of the bedroom's assorted expensive furnishings.

Higher still, above her slim waist and small yet perfectly formed
breasts, Claire was wearing her usual steel collar.  This evening,
however, it was tethering her to the wall by a fairly light yet
completely sturdy metal chain that only permitted her to walk to the
bathroom and balcony.  The bed was currently completely off limits
to her.

Completing her outfit was the head harness strapped in place around
her face, fitting tightly around her head and keeping its large ball
gag firmly in her mouth.  Beneath the head harness, Adrian could
still make out the light yet immaculate makeup she was wearing.  Her
bright lips were wrapped snuggly around the gag; her eyes, with just
a hint of eyeshadow, were pleading.  She looked perfect.

"Don't look at me like that." Adrian played idly with the keys to
her chastity belt and the small padlock holding her catsuit's zip
in place at the back of her neck.  "I'll take your chastity belt off
for you, but I'm not going all the way over there." He patted the
bed.  "I'm comfortable."

Claire tugged on the leash tethering her to the wall.  It was solid.
Turning away from the bed, she moved as close to her master as she
could, but still couldn't reach back far enough to sit on the bed,
even with the chain stretched taut all the way from the wall to the
front of her collar.

"You should look at yourself, my little pet," suggested Adrian.  "You
look so cute and helpless, all dressed up like that." Ignoring his
own advice, he opened the book lying beside him on the bed and resumed
reading it.

Either her master was teasing her, seeing how long he could prolong
her torment, thought Claire, or he was already playing the game with
her.  She glanced out of the open door leading to the balcony, deep
in thought.  Had he already given her a clue that would lead to her
reward?  He'd given her an order, she realised.  Taking great effort
to slowly navigate the room in her ballet boots, she made her way
to the bathroom, the chain rattling behind her.

Studying her reflection in the large mirror on the wall, she had to
concede that she did indeed look cute and vulnerable.  She knew how
much Adrian liked that.  Pretending not to care must be killing him,
she realised, casually reading a book instead of ripping her clothes
off right there and then.  She let a smile creep across her face as
much as the gag permitted.  Then she noticed something.  A pair of
keys dangled from a single ring that was taped to the mirror's
luxurious frame.  There was a note attached to the ring.  It simply
read "boots."



Claire walked out of the bathroom, her feet encased only in the
smooth fabric of her catsuit.  She dutifully put her boots in one
of the two corners of the room that she could reach, out of the way.

"Good." Adrian glanced up from his book.  "So you can see how slutty
you look."

Claire nodded, humming in agreement.

"There's no reason to be selfish though.  I think other people would
like to see what a slut you are too.  Why don't you go outside and
show your slutty little outfit off to the world, my pet?"

Go outside?  thought Claire.  She was tethered to the wall.  She
couldn't even reach the hall, let alone walk down the stairs and out
of the villa, onto the street.  Wondering how she could possibly
leave the room, she stared idly into space.  Eventually she realised
what she was looking at.  The door to the balcony.

Claire whined into her gag in protest, but it was no use.  Adrian
was already reading again, and she knew she had to complete all of
her tasks to get her reward.  More than that, she didn't want to let
her master down.



Reluctantly, Claire walked towards the balcony.  She shivered as she
tentatively stepped closer to the gentle breeze that was cooling the
room slightly.  Determined to please her master, she took a deep
breath and stepped outside.

The wind felt cool against her spandex clad body.  It was early
evening, and only a handful of people were outside the villa, commuters
making their way home and elegantly dressed couples on their way to
expensive restaurants.  Claire stood and watched them for a while,
grateful none of them were inclined to glance upwards.

She discovered the next set of keys taped to the railing.  Facing
back towards the bedroom, she had to stretch her arm as much as
possible and blindly grope around the railing in order to reach them.
Finally, she managed to pull the keys free, but her trembling fingers
dropped them on the balcony floor.  Thankfully they were well within
her reach this time, and she made an effort to calm down as she
picked them up again.  Their note read "head harness."

Glancing at the street beneath her one last time, she suddenly noticed
a couple staring back at her.  The man was pointing straight at her,
while the woman was trying to see what he was looking at.  She soon
found her, and together they just stared at her.  For what seemed
like forever, her heart froze.  What would they think of her?  They'd
probably think she was in danger, she realised.  She had to somehow
send them a sign that she was OK.

Not knowing what else to do, Claire tentatively raised her hand.
The man's expression slowly changed from one of concern to a bemused
smile, and he started to wave at her.  She waved back.  Then the
woman joined in, waving to her.  Claire didn't wait to see if anyone
else would wonder who the couple were waving to.  Embarrassed more
than she could take, she hurried back into the warmth of the bedroom,
closing the door behind her.



Claire gently sucked her ball gag dry before placing the harness
next to her ballet boots.  There couldn't be many more tasks for her
to complete, she realised.  She instinctively returned to the bathroom
to touch up her makeup, then knelt down in front of the bed.

"Good girl," encouraged Adrian.

Claire didn't like it when he called her that, but as usual, she let
it pass.  Let him have his fun, she thought.

"It's important for you to learn to celebrate who you are.  Don't
be ashamed to be my plaything.  You should be proud to be such a
well-trained slavegirl."

"Thank you, master." Claire's voice was soft, but she didn't feel
as calm as she sounded.

"You're welcome." A warm smile made Adrian's face light up, and
Claire instantly remembered why she'd fallen in love with him.
Although he demanded a lot of her, always pushing her limits further
and further, he was kind and always made a point of encouraging her
to grow as a woman as well as a slavegirl.

"Your final task may be your hardest," warned Adrian.

Claire felt her heart racing despite her best efforts to stay calm.
She wondered what could be harder than stepping out onto the balcony
for everyone to see, dressed as the slavegirl she had become.

"What must I do, master?" asked Claire obediently.

"I want you to promise to go down on one of my friends.  I want you
to go down on Greg."



"Excuse me, master?" Claire's voice revealed more fear than anger.
"You want to share me with your friends?"

"I want to push you beyond your current limits."

"Do I have to do this, master?" Claire braced herself.

"Of course you don't," assured Adrian.  Claire felt herself relax a
little.  "I would never force you to do anything against your will."

"Thank you, master." Claire breathed a sigh of relief, realising she
wouldn't have to go through with the act.

"Of course," added Adrian, "if you don't complete the tasks, then
once you're out of that adorable little catsuit of yours, I'll lock
the chastity belt back on you.  You'll be able to wear it under your
regular clothes, of course, and no one will be any the wiser, but
you won't be permitted to orgasm for at least a month this time."

"A month?" Claire's eyes widened like those of a rabbit trapped in
headlights.

"You must earn the privilege of orgasm and release," explained Adrian.

"By offering to go down on Greg?"

"By pushing your limits."

Claire thought about the proposition for a while.  It was something
she'd fantasised about, she had to admit to herself.  She'd confided
her fantasy about being used by a dom's friends to Adrian months
ago, but didn't expect him to order her to actually do it.  It was
just a hypothetical fantasy, not about a specific dom, and certainly
not about any specific friends.

What her master was proposing wasn't a fantasy and Greg wasn't really
her type.  Maybe it wouldn't be as erotic as she'd hoped it would
be.  Then again, she'd never know unless she tried it, just once.
She never feared anything her master ordered her to do as much as
she feared that she'd spend her life wondering what she was missing
out on due to her inhibitions.  Taking a deep breath, she made her
decision.  She looked up at her master, vicariously using his strength.
"I'll do it."

"Don't tell me," said Adrian.  "Tell Greg."



Adrian looked amused as he handed Claire the cordless phone.

"Adrian said you had something you wanted to tell me," said Greg,
feigning ignorance.

Claire took a deep breath.  "I was wondering," she started, her panic
rising, "if you'd like me to go down on you."

"For real?" asked Greg, excitement in his voice.

"Yes, for real." Claire closed her eyes as she took in another breath.
For a few seconds, there was silence.

"Sure," replied Greg finally.  "But if you don't mind me asking, why
do you want to suck me off?  Are you really that much of a trained
slut now?"

"My master thinks I should expand my horizons." Claire looked down
at her free hand and noticed she was trembling slightly.

"And you're willing to do this?" Greg persisted.  "You freely consent
to it?"

Claire thought about how much she really craved that orgasm she was
earning.  She thought about how grateful she was that she'd finally
met a dom who wanted to push her limits.  Most of all, she thought
about how long she'd secretly harboured the fantasy of being loaned
out to a dom's friends.  Her reply was a deep whisper.  "Yes," she
admitted, suddenly realising how wet she was getting.

"And would you _enjoy_ it?  Would it get you hot to go down on all
fours and suck me dry?"

Claire closed her eyes again as she admitted the answer.  "Yes," she
whispered passionately.  She didn't feel embarrassed about telling
Greg the answer he wanted to hear, but did she feel embarrassed about
it being the truth.

"It sounds to me like you _are_ a complete slut," suggested Greg.

"Yes," agreed Claire, her voice trembling with defeat.  She realised
Adrian must have told Greg about her love of humiliation.  "I'm his
little slut."

"You're a _good_ little slut, too," assured Greg.  "I'm sure Adrian's
very proud of you." Another pause.  "He wanted me to tell you something
as well," he added.  "He said to say that the combination is three
one four.  Does that mean anything to you?"

"Yes, it does." Claire sighed in relief.  "Thank you."

"I think you've earned it." Greg chuckled.  "I look forward to meeting
you again.  I'll take you up on your offer." He hung up.

Claire handed the phone back to her master, suddenly feeling light
headed.  She'd made the promise.  There was no backing out of it
now.  The next time she met Greg, she'd have to service him.  In the
meantime, at least she could open the next padlock.  She would finally
get her reward.



Claire knelt on the bed.  The chain attached to her collar was no
longer tethering her to the wall, but her master had soon wrapped
its far end around one of the bars of the metal headboard and padlocked
the loop shut, tethering her to the bed instead.

"I'm very proud of you, my little slut." Adrian's voice was smooth
and reassuring.  "You've taken a big step today.  I know it wasn't
easy for you, but I'm sure you'll appreciate the possibilities it's
opened up for you."

"I'm sure I will, master," agreed Claire.  She was honest with him
at all times, and sometimes he seemed to know her better than she
knew herself.  She knew she was in safe hands.  "Thank you for helping
me improve myself," she added.

"You're welcome." Adrian smiled that warm smile again.  "Now that
you've earned it, I'll give you your reward."

"Thank you, master!" Claire's face lit up with excitement.

Adrian slid open the bedside drawer and pulled out another head
harness.  Unlike the last one, its smooth black finish was designed
to completely conceal its wearer's mouth.  "Open," he ordered his
slave.

Claire obediently opened her mouth.  She'd long since given up
thinking she deserved to have an orgasm while unfettered.  She'd
admitted to both herself and her master that she actually preferred
it this way.  To be allowed to have an orgasm while she was bound
and gagged, she'd come to realise, was much more satisfying to her,
and hence a better reward.

Claire shivered with anticipation while her master strapped the head
harness in place and padlocked it shut.  She felt a tingle of
excitement as he fetched an X-bar - two metal bars welded together
in an X shape, with a padlockable cuff at each of its four ends -
and tied her wrists to it, behind her back.

She practically purred as he unlocked her chastity belt and slid it
off her, and she obediently moved her ankles into place for him to
lock them to the two remaining cuffs on the X-bar.  Even though she
was finally free of her chastity belt, she still wasn't allowed to
give herself an orgasm.  Only her master would give her that pleasure.

Adrian pulled a butterfly snuggler out of the drawer and fastened
it around her groin.  Even through the fabric of her catsuit, she
knew from experience that it would be enough to bring her to orgasm.
She made a disappointed whining noise, but only because she preferred
her orgasms to be been brought on by her master's own touch.

As the bright pink rubber started to pleasure her, Claire writhed
around on the bed, quietly moaning in encouragement.  She didn't
want to escape, she just wanted to find the best position to receive
the pleasure in.  It didn't hurt that her master loved to watch her
squirm around.  Above all else, she wanted to please him.

As Claire felt her first orgasm approach, Adrian lowered the device's
speed.  She let herself moan in frustration.  He was going to keep
her on the brink of having an orgasm for as long as possible, until
it became too much for her and she couldn't stop herself, even without
the stimulation.  As he carefully turned the device's speed back up
slightly, she felt more alive than she ever had before.
