The club was the obvious choice for them as Elizabeth had repeatedly expressed her desire to engage in interracial sex but wanted to be safe and discrete. They'd discussed these cravings for probably two or three years now, exploring them via spoken fantasies and role-play but now at the age of twenty eight it had got to a point where they had to go a stage further in a controlled way before (or so Mark thought) Elizabeth would decide to do it anyway possibly behind his back.

The club was called Hooked and it specifically catered for the interracial needs of married women. It was a members only club but Elizabeth had applied and received a `taster evening' pass which would allow her and Mark one night to see if it was the place for them. She'd done the research on the club and decided it was just what she wanted; her satisfaction while Mark was somewhere else, watching but not seen. Once inside their booking was checked and then they were escorted directly to the appropriate areas: Mark was shown into a tiny booth and asked to remove his trousers and boxers, which he did before squeezing into the room, facing forward. When the door was closed the integral chair forced behind his knees and he had to sit down: He found himself in a seat with a head rest which kept him looking forward and he had little space between his face and the first of three thick glass panels.

A light inside the other room went on and he saw a bedroom with satin sheets and a desk to one side. The light coming in allowed him to look at the booth and he found he had no room to do anything except sit and face forward except for a small space near his cock to allow him to play with himself. There was a stainless steel funnel  to capture any spillage. The room was rather claustrophobic as he was unable to get out unless released from outside and there was also a faint smell which he'd rather no dwell on. Elizabeth entered the room ahead along with a simply huge black man; who must have been six foot eight tall and sculptured.  A speaker picked up their words.

"Elizabeth, my name's Clay. I'm your date for this evening and if all works out possibly into the future as well. Now I know you'll be nervous but obviously you would not be here if you didn't want to have sex so let's start by undressing." Mark watched as Elizabeth removed her lovely short dress revealing her hold-ups, lace knickers and bra then the man took off his shirt, trousers and shoes before discarding his boxers with a flourish. His cock was huge and hung in a curve before him but was already straightening as he took her beautiful figure in.

He then unclipped her bra and without her moving he bent down and slipped her knickers to her ankles then removed them along with her heels. She looked at his cock now eleven inches and still hardening and with a little glance at the man she took it in her hand and began to pump. It was rock hard and so much bigger than anything she'd had before she couldn't help smiling a little. This was what she'd fantasied about for the past several years.

"Do you climax?" Clay asked.

"Yes." She answered a little confused.

"Some women don't before they come here." He explained. "We solve that problem for them as well as a lot of other ones! Now how many times do you climax when you make love to your husband?"

"Err... once or twice."

"Always?" he pressed

"Well not always but usually once..."

"What's the most?" He pushed.

"I... well twice I suppose, I don't ever remember more but that's because it's... well pretty tiring!"  The man laughed and shook his head.

"Tonight we'll go for five minimum but tell you what if I give you ten tonight you must promise to join the club immediately and agree a date with me next weekend!" Elizabeth laughed at this. He waited until Marks wife replied.

"Ten? OK, ten orgasms and I'll see you again next weekend... and we'll join the club!"

"Great. Now let's get you started!" he eased her to a sitting position on the bed and Mark could see she was now very anxious. He banged on the glass but of course nothing happened, they could not hear him. Clay pulled her legs a little wider then got to his knees and began to very gently kiss around her sex which got her moaning. His mouth then parted and he flicked his tongue against her clitoris and she gasped. Mark watched as the big man began to nibble and suck on her clitoral hood until she was gyrating as her head fell back on the bed. Suddenly as his tongue parted her lips she climaxed with a small sob.

"That's one!" Clay teased. "From now on call out the number. Start now." He was laughing so was Elizabeth.

"Ok... one!" She offered. Clay resumed his slow torture of her sex until she was writhing again only this time he moved up her body and kissed her breasts sucking her nipples into her mouth first the right one then the left. She groaned again and her hips gyrated at the sensations his rough stubbled face was doing to her sensitive breasts. She was moving a humping against him then as his fingers brushed the folds of her sex again, she climaxed and mumbled two. Finally he ceased this and moved on up to her mouth planting small kisses on her lips then adjusted himself and pushed the head of his cock into her folds.

"Aaah!" She gasped as it stretched her beyond anything she was used to. Clay chuckled again moved away and returned with some lubricant. Standing so she could see him he covered his huge twelve in cock with it then added some to his fingers and pushed then gently into her getting another groan in response. He put the bottle down and resumed his probing this time his cockhead went in an inch and she cried out as she was stretched wide open. He eased out a little then back in and repeated this a dozen or so times until around a third of his cock was inside her. She felt fuller than ever before.

He began to move, gently fucking her and getting her to respond in kind until he was now seven inches inside her and she felt beyond full. He then withdrew almost fully then went back in and out again until the tip was only just touching her sex.

"Please!" She gasped urgently.

"You want me back in?" 

"Yes..."

"Why?"

"Because it's good!"

"So you like my black cock in your married pussy then?"

"Yes... God yes!" She moaned.

"Ask me to fuck your married pussy Mrs Davies."

"God!... please fuck my married pussy!" She yelled.

"My pleasure!" he stated as he pushed hard into her then sawed back out and in again, the extended thrusts seven inches long each time.

"Oh! Fuck!..." Elizabeth yelled.

"Count!" Clay ordered.

"Fuck... oh Fuck... Three... Fuck... Three, three, fucking three!" Elizabeth exploded with her most powerful orgasm ever and she gripped the man hard as she thrust up to him but he knew she wasn't ready for all his twelve inches so moved within her but she still got an extra inch which caused her to jump and moan even more. As she came down he slowed his rhythm to a steady movement until he felt her relax and then begin to respond again as he planted kisses over her neck and ears and whispered how et she'd become in response to him. He eventually pulled out and with practiced ease flipped her over so she was on her knees then he took her from behind. 

He knew the different sensation of this form of sex would get her quickly aroused again and so it proved and she was soon gasping and swearing under her breath as his cock was now almost ten inches inside her; beyond anything she'd experienced before, and she was stretched so much she could hardly believe it. He worked on her for ten minutes then when he sensed her close he wrapped his arms around her waist and pulled her head up then twisted it to kiss her lips then bit down on her neck. She had another orgasm as he whispered `count' and she screamed `four' over and over.

She was wrung out and collapsed on the bed so he flipped her over and began to cover her glistening stomach with kisses. This was new to her as he nibbled and kissed all over causing her to tingle and slowly respond yet again. When he worked over her now highly sensitive breasts and nipples she gave a gasp once more so he buried himself inside her again this time letting his cock drive to the limit. She screamed and clawed at him as he went beyond her cervix and into her womb but he was out again a second later then slowly ten inches of his cock pushed back deeper and deeper until he was again at the door of her womb and pushing inside. She yelled again and then again until he picked up speed. She was a mixture of emotions; pleasure, pain love, hate and even worship. He then whispered to her to ask him to cum inside her and she gasped at this, it was so nasty yet wonderful.

"Ask me!" He hissed.

"Oh fuck! Cum in me!" She yelled as her next orgasm rippled through her and at the last moment she added `five!' Clay yelled himself and told her to take it all and he exploded holding his cock head inside her womb so she could feel the unique sensation of his sperm hitting the walls something he knew Mark could never manage. Elizabeth's thighs continued to flex as the aftershocks of her great climax hit her and she clung onto the man kissing him deeply. It was simply the best experience she'd ever had.

He fetched drinks and they sat next to each other sipping cold beers until Clay told her it was time for round two making her laugh. Mark had played with himself from the outset feeling a mixture of excitement and alarm as he saw the man seduce his wife and then sex her better than he could possibly ever manage but he was taking mental notes and would see what he could do. He'd shot his load twice down the metal shoot and was still erect when they'd stopped. He felt confused at his emotions and worried how Elizabeth would be but it was too erotic a sight to dwell on that for long.

Clay began the second session working over her body with his hands and lips then when she was responding he got her to suck him knowing that act would get her more excited than she realised. After ten minutes he turned her around and took her from behind this time fast and hard so that she was shouting `six `and then `seven' in quick succession. He got her on top and she did the work sitting astride his manhood looking at his chiselled body and his black hands roaming over her breasts and abdomen and she responded until she came with a grunt and a small whispered eight. She felt spent.

Clay knew he could reach ten now so rolled her and lifting her legs over his shoulders he worked at her hard now feeling her respond despite the fatigue and his reward was her body moving up to meet his as she drove towards another climax. It hit her and she had to be reminded to yell `nine' as she jerked about under him. Now he was reaching the finale so he turned her back on all fours then ploughed her this time rubbing her clitoral hood and he began to tell her what a nasty slut she was and how she was built to take huge black cocks and milk them with her marred whore body. She was so turned on by this talk that she responded with a moan and realised she was slowly building up to an improbable tenth climax.

"You love my black cock in your womb don't you Mrs Davies?"

"Uh... Yes!" She hissed

"You want me to shoot my black seed deep in your married white womb, don't you?"

"God!... Yes please... Yes!"

"Say it! Tell me what you want!"

"I want... you to cum in my married womb..."

"You love back cock don't you!"

"Yes..."

"Say it, shout it tell us what you are and what you want!" he ordered as he pounded her hard. Elizabeth felt her body almost sucking on the monstrous cockhead that was pushed into her womb and she knew she was about to experience something truly incredible.

"Fuck me with your back cock, I'm a black cock slut! I love back cock, love it in my married womb; shoot your seed deep inside me! I'm a whore for black cock!" She climaxed.

"You'll join!" he ordered. "And count!"

"Yes we'll join... fuck... ten fucking, fucking ,fucking TEN!" She screamed and collapsed on the bed as Clay pumped his second ejaculation into her while in the booth Mark fired his forth into the receptacle.

Clay left the prostrate Elizabeth Davies pressing the release button on the wall which opened the door to the booth allowing Mark to finally get out. He did so and found his clothes hanging on a peg behind the door. He dressed then went to a door marked club room and went through. Inside there was a corridor that led to a bar area where there were a number of people drinking and chatting and he noticed the black me were all pretty much like Clay; big and chiselled and they were all with white women while the husbands sat to one side.
He walked to the bar and asked for a drink but was told it was members only and he needed to show his membership badge however just then Clay walked over shook his hand then told him his wife was just arranging membership. It turned out that once she done that they would be give members badges and they could buy drinks. He waited five minutes until Elizabeth appeared went up to Clay and him then they were directed to another room which also had a bed in it. Mark almost groaned he didn't want to see his wife have sex any more.
Clay left then and a middle-aged man appeared carrying a large holdall. He opened it and produced a small spray gun and some paper stencils the asked who was getting the members badge first. Elizabeth knew what was coming so agreed to it and she slipped off her dress and knickers then sat on a towel now spread over the bed. The man got her to lie down then he placed the stencil over an area just above and to the left of her shaved sex then set to work. He used spray ink and when he'd finished she had:
Hooked
        On Black Cock
         Mate and Date
The name of the club along with its subtext and motto. Elisabeth seemed delighted to have it so he had little choice but to agree to get it put on as well and then to his horror the guy insisted to much giggling from his wife that he needed to shave off his pubes which he did with clippers. His own logo was very similar:
      Hooked
        Watching my wife 
          fucking blacks
          Mate and Date
He felt sick at the sight of this but after dressing they went back to the bar where Clay asked for a coke and Elisabeth a white wine. He went to buy then but had to show his badge which meant exposing his ink logo. The barman smiled and told him no problem then served the drinks. When seated Mark discovered that the joining fee was one hundred pounds plus fifty per month and that was assuming they kept to the joining instructions which instructed new members to attend weekly for the first four weekends and at least once per month thereafter or they would be subject to a three thousand pound fine!

"That's crazy!" He objected. 

"It's just a way of ensuring people don't just use us once then disappear!" Clay  explained. "We want active member and besides running this place is expensive so it needs to be well used. Besides you are only committed to the first three months, a month's notice after that as long as you still attend on your last weekend."

"How many members are there?" Elisabeth asked.

"Nearly three hundred couples. Of course some are not active at the moment but just over half are. There are fifty of us as well as bar staff and admin people etc. You have to book in advance and weekends are really busy which is why I've already put us down for another date next weekend." He grinned at her. "You promised."

"Yes I did and that's ok." She was shattered but she was already feeling a little tingle of anticipation about the following week. Just then a woman came up and showed Mark a small jar. He looked at it then realised it was his cum, collected and bottled and the jar was over half full.
"You joined so I'll put it in your personal collection." She winked at him the waddled off. Mark looked embarrassed and confused.

"All your sperm will be kept so you can see how much you've enjoyed seeing your wife being sexed. Some of the first members have pints of the stuff!" He laughed as did Elisabeth. Mark didn't find it funny. They finished their drinks then they left but not before Clay gave his wife a prolonged and deep kiss then they parted with him telling her to think of his foot-long back cock when she slept this week as it would be waiting for her Saturday. Once they were on the way home Mark turned to Elisabeth and asked her why she'd joined.

"Oh don't be so nave! That was the best sex of my life and by the looks of it you loved watching as well. I've wanted this forever but never expected it to be that good! It's better us going there than doing something sleazy at a night club or an equally risky online contact. Think of it this way; for only seven hundred a year I get to satisfy my dark lusts and you get to keep it hidden away!"

"Except we've been painted with those bloody badges!"

"They will wash off eventually so I'm told but anyway they will be repainted every two weeks until we leave which won't be for at least three months." Back home they both took a shower then went to bed but sex wasn't on the cards for either of them as they were shattered. Sunday evening they did make love which was soft and tender and Elisabeth enjoyed it more than she feared she might.

The next Saturday Mark watched his wife have eight climaxes including one that seemed to last forever at the end of the session when she urged Clay to `fire his black seed into her willing womb' and then they lay together for almost twenty minutes kissing and cooing with one another while he stayed confined in his tiny booth. They were sitting very close together when he found them in the bar; they actually dressed first and only let him out as they went through the exit of their bedroom. He felt flustered and dirty as he was sweaty and grubby from his time in the sticky seat. 

"Elisabeth lost a little bet we had tonight." Clay explained not that Mark didn't know; he'd heard her agree to a `full date' the next weekend if she had more than five orgasms this night and of course she'd had eight. "Full date next Friday. Which means your wife will dress as I direct and you will pick me up from my home then take us to a pub before we come here and she and I will share the public room with some other guests!"

The public room was a large room where the women went who didn't mind who had sex with them (obviously only the black house bulls were allowed in there), it was something Clay had teased his wife with most of the evening so again little surprise although slightly frightening for Mark. That night he was upset by the prospect of her going out in public with the man but she brushed it off and told him no one would know as they were miles from home. Surprisingly for Mark Elisabeth insisted they have sex that night but then proceeded to tease him about his size and lack of sperm when he eventually came.

The next week Clay phoned and instructed Elizabeth to collect a dress from the club which she did and it turned out to be really short and tight and without anything under it but her knickers she looked a little indecent. Mark was then forced to drive her to Clays and on to the pub where he waited outside for an hour before they came out and both sat in the back of the vehicle. His wife was in the middle seat and with a grin opened her legs to show she no longer wore her knickers and her sex was wet with attention.

The club room was busy and as mark sat in a booth in a row of six where the other four husbands were watching the sex he then saw his very attractive wife enter and immediately she grabbed the attention. He watched as  she was pushed over what was called a breeding bench and on all fours she was taken by the first of three men; his cock large and slightly misshapen but as it slid between the folds of her sex she gave a moan and writhed while inch after inch disappeared. The man began to find his rhythm and Elisabeth rocked with him as a second moved to her face and offered his cock to her mouth. It was so dirty as his wife took the men at each end.

The first man was holding her hips banging her really hard now as she hit her first climax and then before she was even down from that one he started to rub her clitoris and she was immediately heading for a swift second. She was near when he came but her frustration barely lasted a moment as he slipped out to be replaced by another equally well-endowed man probably of similar age. A third used her mouth only he came in it before the second emptied in her pussy; she hit a another climax when that happened.

She moved to the bed where she lay next to a short middle-aged woman clearly pregnant being taken by a man who was undoubtedly in his late sixties.  With a word from the woman he moved to Elizabeth and Clay to the other woman and he saw the old man fuck his wife for up to twenty minutes until she climaxed and the man pumped his sperm into her. In all she had seven men that night and almost a dozen loads of sperm.

Once again that night Mark was required to try to sex his wife but she was not only full of sperm she was so open it was pointless as she forcibly pointed out but still continued until finally she got on top and got off mainly from the friction against her clitoral hood.  Elisabeth loved the sex the club offered and revelled in the hedonism for over a year during which time Mark was forced to sit and watch her having sex with large black men week after week. She showed no sign of either curbing her desires or giving him any respite from the distress her visits now caused him. 

Eventually she decided she wanted a child and despite the thrill of the fantasy of it being the product of an evening at the club she finally relented and stayed away for several weeks until Mark had managed to get her pregnant. The sex had been reasonably good as he'd learned how to please her by watching Clay but she needed much more so she went back from week eight to thirty when she was finally too large to do it anymore. The new baby forced her to adjust her perspectives and they stopped their membership without any penalties. Mark was content for a year or so until Elisabeth began to whisper sexy ideas again about dark meetings and stranger sex and he knew she was getting the desires again. He needed to get her pregnant fast!
