The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in
which it is legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work. 
Reposting or any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of
the copyright holder, except may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access
archive sights.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com
Please!  Give me your comments.

This is a repost of a fifty-two chapter mind control, multi person romance. 
 

MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 6

Two Road Trips and A Funeral

Uncle Bert's funeral was that day. We all attended, of course, as did his huge family and
many others I had never met. Uncle Bert was well loved.  I was surprised how many
women were there without a male escort.  A lot had wedding rings.  I know it was a sad
occasion being a funeral and all, but, I know Uncle Bert.  He would have gotten a kick out
of my erection from thinking about his funeral goers. 

My family all liked Mary and Andy. My parents were surprised when I told them Andy was
my girlfriend but they did not ask too many questions. After the funeral, we went to the
lawyers for the reading of the will. All Uncle Bert's siblings were pleased with what he left
them.  Mary and Andy acted as if could not care less although they received a million
dollars each. We all had a lovely visit before the family went their separate ways. Mom
and Ddad were the last to leave. I told them I was moving to Colorado to live in Uncle
Bert's place and I would go to graduate school if I could.  They seemed OK with that. 

I spent the next two days with Mary and Andy, learning all I needed to about them. And, I
had time to go through Uncle Bert's things. 

"Why did you live over here and Uncle Bert at his place?" I asked.  

Mary said, without emotion, "We were not his only girl friends, David." 

"There were others?" 

"Oh, yes. Many over the years. About three thousand, I think but Bert kept his own
counsel on that."  Again, my mind reeled at the thought of three thousand like these two.
Uncle Bert must have been a stud of the first order. 

"Did you have other men?"  She smiled softly. 

"Bert loved orgies, swapping, threesomes, foursomes, anything involving sex. I was his
party girl and we would party hardy." She got a far away look in her eye. 

"What are you thinking?" I asked.   

"A few times Bert thought he was not enough for me, that I needed more. That was not
true, but, when he made his mind up...  So, twice he arranged for me to be gang fucked.
You know, ten or twelve guys at a time." 

"Did you like that?"  

"Bittersweet. I loved all the fucking but I was hurt because Bert felt he was not enough for
me."

"You really loved him, didn't you, Mary?"  

She smiled wanly. "More than you will ever know.  More than he ever knew."

"And, Andy?"  

"No one has touched her except Bert.  He really hoped you and she would.... well,
become special friends."  

"I think I would like that, too, Mary," I said.  I heard a soft sob behind me. Andy had been
listening. She curled up in my arms, sweet and warm, loving and caring. 

"I want to sell this house and all of us move in to the other one," I said.  

Mary had a funny expression. "No. We need to keep this one for a year."  I wondered if
Uncle Bert had programmed that response.  

For the next two weeks, I went through everything I could find at Uncle Bert's house.  I
knew he liked cubbyholes, little, tight places to hide things. Where he hid the vial
reaffirmed that. I went over that place from top to bottom. I found some information on
many areas of research but not what I expected to find. Most of the hiding places were
bare. 

I got much closer to Mary and Andy during that time.  Andy had been programmed to be
my slave Uncle Bert had said. But he also said her natural proclivity as a woman to love
a man was directed at me. During this period, I could see her natural side opening up to
me, becoming closer. I knew I was falling for her.  She fell for me the minute she saw me
thanks to Uncle Bert. I really liked Mary, too. I could see why see was his favorite woman.
She was something special.

I was sitting on the porch enjoying the fine, warmer weather. Uncle Bert had been dead
seventeen days now.  I heard a car approaching and called Mary to come outside.  It was
two men, Ernie and Jeff.  Mary introduced us, saying they ran the local hardware store.  

"Come go to Golden with us. We need to go to the bank."  

"Before you go, David, I have an envelope for you," Mary said. 

The envelope contained a safe deposit box key. As I rode the conversation with Jeff and
Ernie was almost non existent. When we arrived at the Bank in Golden, the woman
guarding the safe deposit cages let us in. The box was in their name but my key worked
the lock. They sat in the corner as I opened it.

The safe deposit box contained a list of chemicals, some of which were ordinary and
some very esoteric. It has small notebook of Bert's research. The notebook was marked
volume one of ten. There was a note from Uncle Bert, who, of course, was actually my
father.  

"Davy, you need to study the notebook. Then, go to Our Lady of Guadalupe Church in
Santa Fe, New Mexico. Ask for Father Jesus O'Brian. Tell him you are Davy Wilson and
show him your rose tattoo. This bank box is secure and you may reuse it at any time.
Just tell Jeff or Ernie you need to go to the bank."

I left the chemical list and the note but took the first notebook volume with me.  Jeff and
Ernie came alive after they heard the door click.  The ride home was no conversation but
I read. I took a day or two to read the notebook. I made cash and credit card
arrangements. When you have $20 million, the card companies stand in line to issue you
credit cards. 

When I told the ladies I was leaving, I asked them both to join me. Andy giggled and
packed. Mary said she would make a later trip. Andy and I got in the Bronco and
headed down I70 for Denver, then turned south on I-25 for New Mexico.  

I was pleased to find Andy, while obviously beautiful and built, was demure in public,
acting very ladylike indeed.  And, I told her that pleased me. 

"That is the real me. A sweet little lady. Unless my man wants me, then I am a fucking
tigress." She bit me on the neck for emphasis. "You are my man, Davy. You always will
be." 

I very much wished Uncle Bert was there with me. If nothing else than Andy, I owed him a
thanks I could never repay. 

We stayed at the big, old, Lafonda Hotel on the square not far away from the church. The
church was several hundred years old but recently remodeled in the original
configuration. Father Jesus O'Brian was the decedent of an Irish family who moved to
Mexico in the last century, about the same time so many Irish families came to the States. 
We found him in he rectory.  

His greeting was warm and friendly.  Father was about sixty years old, two hundred fifty
pounds, six six, with a ruddy face.  

Andy and I spent two months in Santa Fe. Father O'Brian's job was to give me ethical
and religious instructions. I read The Bible, then took the written and oral tests he
prepared. I read the saints and scholars of Christianity.  Father was a hard task master,
driving me onward.  College was never that hard.  Andy was always beside me, taking
the same instruction, learning and growing as I was.

Santa Fe is a beautiful, high mountain resort, cool and pleasant. We enjoyed the fine
climate and food as we learned. And, of course, we always enjoyed each other.  It was
our honeymoon, I guess.

A couple of Santa Fe stories are worth repeating. 

We had been there about two weeks when we took off a Saturday to explore the
surrounding mountains. We were walking along the trail when we came upon two girls
making love to each other.  They appeared to be about twenty. Both were naked and they
were lying on the top of a rock in a crack between two bigger rocks. We heard their
moaning as we watching as they sixty-nined. I could tell Andy was getting turned on. 

"Like that action?" I whispered. 

"Yes," she replied, then she turned beet red. "You know I would never do anything
without your permission," she said.  

"I know that, but, go ahead." She was naked and with them in a second.  What the hell, I
joined them.

Tasha and Donna were college students traveling and hiking for the summer.  Both were
bi sexual, slim, trim and in excellent physical condition. I can not tell you how good it felt
to fuck three good looking woman and watch them pleasure each other buck naked
under the hot New Mexico sun. Andy enjoyed them as she enjoyed all sex.  I did not even
program her to not scream when she orgasmed.  Down inside that little rock hollow her
screams reverberated off the rock like an echo chamber.  I wondered how many miles
away people could hear her orgasm.

As we walking out, we came on a couple hiking out. They seemed very agitated. 

"Did you hear it?" the woman asked almost in hysteria. 

"Hear what?"  

"A woman was being raped! My god, it was horrible!"  Her husband tried to calm her.  

"I think it was just a mountain lion, honey," he said condescendingly.  

"Then the damn lion was raping a woman!" she snapped, not to be put off. 

"When did it happen?" I asked.  

"About forty minutes ago," he replied.  I thought back.  

"Where did the sound come from?"  

"In that direction," she said, pointing to where we had been.  "It sounded like they had her
in a cave. The sound was horrible!"  Tasha, Donna and I looked at Andy, who turned beet
red.  

"That is your rape victim," I said pointing at her.  

"I tried to be quite. Honest, I did," she murmured. 

We laughed at the way to the hotel where Tasha and Donna spent the night with us. 

The other situation confirmed my Uncle Bert had indeed been there.  As we were coming
out of the church on the last day we were there, a nun approached us. She was only in
her forties with a sweet face and nice smile. 

"Father said you are David Wilson?" 

"Yes, Sister, I am."  

"Then listen closely. Go to the third house. Find the love letters he kept. Those from
Anna, use the code from your seventh summer. Do you understand?" 

I understood but I said "repeat." She did, verbatim. 

"Thank you, Sister."  

"For what? Who are you?"  

I knew Uncle Bert's automatic deprogramming had occurred.  


To be continued. . . .

Please!  Give me your comments.



 

 


