Summary: An account of an innovative approach to a penalty for attempted escape.
Keywords: F/M, spank, femdom, strapon
Author: Rick_oh
Title: Reform School 2

Story: Reform School 2 (femdom)

Karen, the governess of the reform school, led the student, who was 
naked, from the clinic to the punishment room.  The nurse on duty, 
Becca, accompanied them.

What was soon to happen was no ordinary punishment - the usual 
discipline for the week's accumulation of demerits is meted out 
during a standing appointment.  This student, referred to here as 
"S", had incurred this special attention by almost successfully 
escaping from the reform school.  As a result, he was told that he 
would undergo a "motivational discipline session".

The three of them entered the punishment room, and Karen immediately 
locked the door.  S got an immediate sinking feeling when he looked 
around.  Instead of one discipline administrator, there were three - 
and they were dressed differently from what he had seen before.  Each 
of them were nude except for fashion boots - and a strap-on harness 
with probe.

He looked at the bare chests, and then the faces, of his soon-to-be 
punishers.  All three had serious, stern expressions.  Under 
different circumstances, the sight of the bare-chested, strapon-clad 
women might be erotic.  S, however, only had a tingling feeling on 
his naked bottom as he came to realize the seriousness of his 
predicament, and that there was no escape.

Karen led him to the punishment bench in the center of the room.  She 
leaned him over the padded structure so that he was bent over at the 
waist, with his back at a downward slope.  She asked Becca to cinch a 
binding strap around his waist and cuff his ankles to the structure.  
Then she uncuffed his hands from behind him and bound them to the 
bench in front of him.

Karen spoke to S.  "Attempting to escape from this facility is a very 
serious offense.  You knew that, and tried anyway.  Your stay here 
has been extended by six months.  Your weekly discipline will be 
intensified for the next ten weeks.  As for today, I hope the 
motivational discipline you are about to receive will convince you 
never to try that again."

"Nurse Becca, what is the status of his earlier clinic appointment?"

The blonde nurse responded, "I gave him two soapsuds enemas of two 
quarts each, followed by one rinsing enema of two and a half quarts.  
All enemas were given with the retention nozzle, and the retention 
period was five minutes."  She smiled to herself as she recalled the 
enema session in the clinic.  For each enema the male had been 
secured face down on the examination table with a bolster under his 
hips.  The enemas went in without interruption, a practice which was 
very distressing to the recipient and arousing to her because of his 
reaction.  She loved recalling the retention period of five full 
minutes and his attempts to cope.

"Very good," Karen replied.  She turned her attention to one of the 
discipline administrators.  "Governess Jeanette, please administer 
twenty swats of the large oval paddle - with no pauses."

Normally, when the paddle is administered, there is a pause after 
every five strokes.  Upon instructions from the head governess, or 
when the discipline is intensified, there are no pauses.  This 
considerably enhances the punishment effect.

Jeanette, a woman of thirty five, with long dark brown hair which was 
pulled back, turned around and removed a hardwood paddle with a large 
oval surface from its place on the wall.

Oh no, not THAT paddle, S thought to himself.

Jeanette took her position and calmly waited.

"You may begin."

Jeanette almost imperceptibly pressed her lips together as she spread 
her feet apart and slightly bent her knees.  She drew the paddle far 
back and above her shoulder while keeping her eye on the bared 
buttocks of the bound male.  She propelled it forward and delivered a 
hard swat across both nether cheeks of the male.  About three seconds 
later she swatted again.

Jeanette kept up the timing of the swats, without stopping.  After 
the seventh swat, S was bewildered at the intensity of the pain.  
Usually it felt this way at the end of the twenty swats when they 
were given with pauses.  Each new swat from her brought forth an 
urgent shout.  When the count reached fifteen, S unabashedly 
prolonged his vocal reaction.  Jeanette delivered all twenty swats 
and returned the paddle to its place.

"Nurse Becca, please lubricate him."

The nurse inserted the rectal tip of a small bulb into S, and emptied 
the thick, viscous lubricant.  She then inserted a gloved finger and 
brusquely worked it around, and pulled out.  Finally, she spread some 
additional lubricant on Jeanette's strap-on probe.

Karen spoke next.  "Governess Jeanette, give him fifty pumps.  You 
may begin any time."

All the discipline administrators at the facility had experience with 
using strap-ons with their lovers.  In a session such as this one, 
however, the strap-on is administered as punishment, with a different 
technique from that which they employed in their bedrooms.

Jeanette stood behind S and spread his heated nether cheeks.  She 
positioned the tip of the probe at his sphincter, and then, in the 
space of just over one second, drove it all the way in, to the hilt.  
A loud cry filled the room.

"Aaaaaaaaaaaugh!" 

She smiled and completely withdrew it, and, holding his cheeks well 
apart, thrust it in again - all the way.

"Noooooooooo!"

The others watched as she gave him fifty complete pumps with the 
strap-on.  He was helpless to resist as he felt each thrust invade 
his insides, skate past his prostate, and boldly proceed far inside 
him.  Sometimes he gritted his teeth and groaned; sometimes he 
grimaced; other times he gave a loud shout.  Every one of Jeanette's 
thrusts evoked a reaction.

After the fifty pumps, Karen thanked Jeanette and Announced that 
there would be a five minute break. S, of course, remained bound to 
the punishment bench.

"Strapmistress Laura, please prepare to administer fifty strokes of 
the punishment strap."

Laura's eyes widened when she heard her governess' directive.  The 
punishment strap is larger than the two-tailed tawse which is usually 
used for a strapping of more than twenty strokes. She removed the 
wood-handled leather strap from its place on the wall and took her 
place to administer.

"Please begin, strapmistress.  You may pause or not, as you see fit."

Laura understood what the governess was telling her.  There are times 
when repeated strokes of the leather strap tend to numb the area of 
the buttocks being administered.  The best course of action in those 
cases is to pause after every ten or so strokes to allow the feeling 
to come back.  It's a highly individual reaction.  She decided to 
pause only if S's reaction to the leather indicated that his buttocks 
were starting to go numb.

Laura applied the strokes of the leather punishment strap with a 
combination of skilled ease and extraordinary power.  She bent her 
knees with each stroke as the strap bit into S's buttocks, and she 
had a tennis player's follow-through.  Both sides of S's buttocks 
jiggled and quaked from each stroke.  She also got her reaction from 
him, and did not pause once during the entire set of fifty.

After the twentieth stroke the fiery kiss of leather had him uttering 
a hearty yell with each stroke, interspersed with frequent and futile 
requests of "no more," and "please stop".


He had never been subjected to a punishment as severe as what he 
experienced on that day.  And the fact that there were three 
discipline administrators was something that he had not wanted to 
consider.

When the leathering was over, the tall Laura, with her light brown 
hair disheveled from administering, hung the strap on its place and 
waited for direction.

"Strapmistress Laura, please administer fifty pumps when Nurse Becca 
has applied more lubricant."

The nurse injected another bulb full of the thick lubricant, and 
smeared some on Laura's probe.  S flinched and yelped when the nurse, 
and later Laura, spread his nether cheeks, which were radiating 
considerable heat.  To the extent that his bindings permitted, he 
twisted and writhed each time Laura drove the strap-on into him and 
slammed her hips against him.  The sensation of the probe being 
completely withdrawn was disconcerting, since it meant another 
forthcoming intrusion far up inside him.

Laura rather enjoyed holding S's buttocks well apart while pumping 
the full length of the dildo in and out.  S, however, dreaded every 
thrust, and reacted with a raucous outcry each time.  In spite of the 
others present, she became aroused, and fantasized doing this with 
her boyfriend.  By the time she finished her fifty pumps, she was 
determined to use her personal strap-on that evening with her 
boyfriend.  When the passion of arousal gripped the tall slender 
Laura, she was never satisfied until it was thoroughly quenched with 
sexual satisfaction.

S felt that he was at the end of his endurance, and earnestly hoped 
his punishment was now over.  After a short break, his hopes were 
dashed when he heard the governess of the school say, "Canemistress 
Stacy, please select an appropriate rattan instrument with which to 
administer no less than twenty four strokes on the bared buttocks of 
the recipient."

"No!" he yelled.  "No more! Please! I won't ever try anything again!  
Please! I'll show you! I'll follow all the rules!  Please!"

Stacy, a blonde woman in her late thirties, selected a thin, 
straight, whippy length of rattan which had a leather handle.  S's 
dread increased when she whipped it through the air several times.

"Canemistress Stacy, you may commence the caning, and present the 
strokes as you see fit.  If in your judgement twenty four strokes is 
not sufficient, you are authorized to extend the caning."

Prior to this incident, S had only received the paddle and the tawse. 
 He had heard tales of how unpleasant a caning was, and was sure that 
he never wanted to experience one.  Now, after being severely paddled 
and strapped, he was bound naked to the punishment table, and was 
going to receive the cane on top of that!

The clip-clop of Stacy's boots hauntingly filled the room as she 
walked to take her position.  She lightly tapped that rattan cane on 
S's buttocks several times, then drew it back and whipped it across 
the center.  As the cane struck his buttocks, the far end of it 
flexed, and extended the striation to the tender portion on the right 
side of S's buttocks.

"AAAAAAA!"

A thin white line emerged where the cane hit, turning a fiery red in 
a few seconds.  Stacy paused for a moment, fixed her gaze on her 
target, and whipped another stroke immediately below the first one.

"OHHHHHHH!"

A moment later, she placed a line immediately above the first stripe. 
 Taking her time, she placed three more striations immediately 
adjacent to the other strokes, while her subject yelled, trembled, 
and attempted to twist and writhe.

"Have you been a naughty boy?" she asked.

"Y-y-yes...  Oh, please no more!"

With a pause between strokes, she gave him six more.  She waited 
until each striation had matured to a full, angry red color before 
laying on the following line.  His shouts became louder.

"Did you hear Governess Karen say that I could extend your caning if 
I decided to?" she asked with a sharp edge in her voice.

"Oh please stop!"

Over the next minute she laid six more stripes in a perfect 
horizontal pattern.

"Six more to go, if you don't earn extra.  And then I'm going to fuck 
you silly with this strap-on.  Do you want me to fuck you silly?  
Remember, there's only one right answer."

He stammered a "yes" answer.

"Well, tell me that you want it!"

Feeling the sting of humiliation in addition to the punishment on his 
buttocks, he managed to choke out the words that Stacy was intent on 
extracting from him.

She smiled and prepared to give him the final six strokes.  His naked 
buttocks had been striated with eighteen strokes thus far.  Stacy 
decided to lay the following strokes in a diagonal pattern, so that 
each stroke crossed several previous ones.  These were also going to 
be delivered rapidly, and no less intense than the others.  S gave a 
continuous, bewildered shout as Stacy registered the remaining six, 
once per second, across the previous strokes.

"Nurse Becca, please bring the cheek spreader."

Becca retrieved a metal device with soft rubber attachments and 
leather adjustment straps.  She placed the device, which is used for 
keeping the recipient's nether cheeks spread apart, on him.  Then she 
adjusted it so that his freshly punished and striated cheeks were 
spread well apart.

Stacey informed S that normally she would have him hold his own hind 
cheeks apart for the strap-on session, but that she decided to use 
the spreader this time.  Then she asked Nurse Becca to lubricate him 
again.  Becca pumped a bulbful of the thick lubricant into S and 
generously applied some to Stacey's probe.

Karen spoke up.  "Canemistress Stacey, please give him no less than 
fifty pumps.  You may extend the number if you wish, with no limit."

Extend it is exactly what I'm going to do, she thought to herself as 
she prepared to enter him.  She bent her knees slightly and without 
touching S at all, positioned the tip of the thick probe at his 
sphincter.  She put her hands on her hips and gave a steady shove and 
entered him to the hilt.

"Aaaaaaughhh!" he yelled.

She slowly pulled out all the way, and repeated the entry, with 
similar effect.  She did this a few more times to the accompaniment 
of S's raucous groans.  Then, over the next several minutes, she 
pumped him mercilessly as he yelled and begged her to stop.  She 
probably gave him upwards of two hundred thrusts before she stopped.  
Her face had a definite blush.

Karen addressed S.  "I hope we don't have to repeat this with you, 
but make no mistake - if your behavior warrants it, you'll be treated 
to a punishment at least as severe.  Have you ever been whipped with 
a nice supple switch, until it's worn out?  And then with another 
switch - and another, and another?  Imagine getting that on top of a 
good hard paddling!"

She turned to the nurse.  "Nurse Becca, please take him to the 
examination room and check him.  I recommend another enema."

A half hour later, the last of his enema was inside him and Nurse 
Becca checked her watch for the retention period.

That night, while S slept on his tummy, Jeanette, Laura, and Stacey, 
each in their own bedrooms, were engaged in pleasurable pursuits.  
Jeanette, all alone, had a vibrating egg inside her, and softly 
moaned while she rubbed her slippery and engorged clitoris.  Laura 
was thoroughly and lovingly using her boyfriend with her strap-on, 
giving good hard thrusts.  Stacey was on her back, pinned down by her 
girlfriend who was thoroughly fucking her with a strap-on.


-----
This work is copyright by the author.  Commercial use is prohibited 
without permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified 
is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or 
indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that 
this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at 
onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.  Please see my other stories at 
http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
