My name is Pabitra mohanty staying here in Orissa completed my plus
three exam. I was a lonley child staying with my grandma from may
early childhood. I have a bad habit of bed wetting till today .So I
was not allowed to wear anything at my bed time. I was sleeping with
my grandma till two years back. There were nobody in our house other
than a housemaid, she slept regularly in the adjacent room. In our
village ladies normally wear a single sari .There is no underskirt or
any bra under their saries. It is a regular affair that is why nobody
cares if some part of thier boobs or inner thighs or even their
genital is being seen out side. I called grandma nani. I was her pet
child .I slept always sticking to her chest.

Nani is a sound sleeping woman and she will never hear if a bomb is
exploding nearby. That is why very less cloth will be there in her
body while she is sleeping .An average woman with very good physique.
An early wdow.

When I saw first time her genital I wondered because it was covered
with thick hair. Till that time I have seen only children's pussees. I
asked nani about this innocently. She only smiled and asked me while
sleeping why you are looking at my those places.

When I was reading in Matriculation, my private area has also
developed some grey hair. But the habit of not using any cloth at bed
time gave me some sort of shy and nani allowed me to use a sheet while
sleeping with her. At midnight our bodies would be touching each other
part by part without cloth without knowing each other.

Gradually through school friends I came to know about sex, childbirth
etc. After that my shy has increased to sleep with nani without
clothing and increased the eagerness to see nani's pussy in day light.
One day nani slept very early when I was reading . When I went to bed
the scene was very nice. She was sleeping by her back and long white
legs wide open and folded and clothes were away. .The total best wiew.
I brought the torch light and looked at there minimum half an hour
with vibrating mind. I have seen that part many times in my life .But
that day I cannot forget so esily .I took away the cloth from her
boobs, touched there , kissed there. At last I could not control
myself I smelled nani's pussy. It was very nice. I kissed there
minimum twenty times. She did not know anything. I opened the lips of
the pussy saw inside rose petals and touched there with my tongue and
sitting the bed I masturbated. My friends had already taught me how to
masturbate. After that day it was very difficult to

leep with nany as before. While she was hugging in sleep I controled
very hard not to touch her my erected penis . But my pussy kissing and
masturbation have continued without nani's knowledge weekly twice.

After some time one of our newly wedded distant relatives has got job
in our town and started staying with his wife in our house adjacent to
our bed room. They are closing their door very early at night and
laughing and talking will last till late midnight. I have never
thought any thing about them. But one day at night I have noticed that
nani is peeping to their room through a door gap. After their light
goes off she is returning to our bed. After some days I have also got
curiosity to watch the scene. In that darkness I also peeped through
another gap of a window, by the time nani also watching inside scenes
Without knowing that I am also watching the same scene. Inside, the
couple were without any dress and the lady is above the man moving
forward and backward. I have got a shivering in my whole body and my
cock has immediatly stood erect. After some time the lady got up and
started licking his penis and he also has started sucking her vagina.
I wanted to masturbate instantly but avoide

When I went back to the bed nani is sleeping there. I have got a feer
that nani has knew everything. My erection has gone instantly. As
usual took away all clothes and laid besides nani without touching her
covering my body with a bed sheet. After some time nani hugged me as
usual and slept. I tried very hard for getting a sleep. But touching
nanies boobs and thighs to my body didn't allow me for a sleep
,instead my cock has started stiffening. When I started hearing nani's
snoring ,I slowly took away clothes from nani's pussy and boobs and
gave many kisses there. As usual done my masturbation work and slept.

In the next night nani slept very early. I waited nani to get sound
sleep. Then I went and started seing the scene in the other room .This
time they were doing the natural sex play .The man is pumping holding
her boobs with both the hands and she is rubbing his buttocks. I
masturbated standing there seing the scene. All my juices were went on
their door front. When I returned to bed I astonished that nani is not
there. I got fear. But nani was there enjoying the play all along. I
laid down there covering my naked body with a bedsheet. After some
time nani came back. I pretended that I am in a sound sleep and
started snoring. She slept beside me as usual for a moment. Then
hugged me for a while and started moving her hand all over may body
slowly. I was trying very hard to control myself. But I could'nt
controle my cock. He became stiff. When nani's hand reached the spot
and touched there I forgot everything and hugged nani wildly. She
immediatly threw me away. She had no expectation that I w

ll behave like that .I couldn't see her in the darkness to read her
face. She thought that I was in sound sleep. I was waiting to get a
sleep immediatly. After some time Nani hugged me as usual in their
sleep. She pressed me against her body. She was breathing speedily.
Rubbed her face to my face and at last kissed me all over my face.
Kissed me many times in my lips. What is going on in my mind that I am
unable to explain. I simply laid. Her hand was running all over my
body. Finally it cought my cock. She pressed the penis in a rhythmic
way. I laid there without any movement. But one thing happened. All my
juices have gone out .It flew through Nani's fingers. She kissed my
penis and put it in her mouth, enjoyed some time and took away her
cloth. She laid there and put me in her chest asking to suck her
boobs. Her hanging big boobs I tasted in a very beautiful way. She was
enjoying .She put my iron rode in her vagina. It was not going inside
.

She apied some saliva inside her pussy and tried once more .My cock
instantly got inside. She showed me with her hands how to move up and
down. Gradually I did very well. Nani was making some sound in
pleasure. Kissed me wildly and at last came over me and started
fucking very nicely. I thought her memory is very nice. She didn't
forget this after long years.

The next day both of us together enjoyed the inner scenes of the other
room. Nani was standing and seing the standing fuck inside. She asked
me to kiss her pussy. I sat in between her long legs and started
kissing and sucking her pussy. she pressed my head with her thighs and
took me to the bed and enjoyed there. Till this time we were enjoying
now and then. She need only once in a week. But I want most of the
time .Some times she will alow only to put the cock in between her
legs and relax. I was shaving her pussy once in a month. I am waiting
to get a teen fuck to assess which is great fuck.


