Hi dear readers, I'm Fardeen (not my real name off course), 27 years
old, 5feet 10 in height and have a good physique. I am from the city
of lights, Karachi, Pakistan. I m a bachelor and currently working
in MNC here in Karachi. I am very found of desi stories. After
reading so many stories I want to share my experience. Before
starting, I just want to say that I m not really good in writing
stories so please don't mind if I do mistakes. Well this is a real
life incident happened with me when I was 18 yrs old. This happened
between me and my cousin sister (my uncle's daughter), Azra,(not her
real name) who is 2 years elder to me and was very close with me
since the childhood. Let me describe Azra first, she is now 28,
married with one kid. She is 5'.5" tall with wheatish complexion,
long hairs up to her hips and attractive face. She has very big and
well-shaped boobs and ass. She didn't change much a lot but gain
some flesh on her right places. Her vital statistics are 36D/30/38
now. At the time of our first encounter, she was about 34C/28/36 so
nothing changed a lot.

I used to live with my Grand parents and one uncle and his family
because my parents were in USA and they sent me to Pak for studies
and the reason was, I wasn't studying good there so they decided to
sent me back to Pak. Specially my uncle and aunt were very strict
and they always pressurized me to study hard. There were the only
person Azra I liked a lot and wanted to spent my free time because
her other 2 siblings were quite younger to me. Since I m the only
child of my parents I always need her company. She had two younger
siblings but she always felt comfortable with me and used to share
every thing with me because we had the same age group. Since my
childhood, I considered her as a good friend and nothing else but as
we started to grew up, our way of thinking slowly changed a bit as
sometimes I felt she was attracted toward me more then a cousin
sister or a friend. After getting puberty, she had changed her
attitude towards me a bit and used to touch me a bit more then
normal and hug me tightly sometimes specially when we were playing.
I always enjoyed her touch and always wait for her to do more but
that time I didn't think about having any thing like SEX because her
behavior was not flirty in any means.

The real thing happened one day when her mom, dad along with her
siblings went to muree to spend their vocations but Azra didn't go
because she had to study for her first semester exams of her
engineering and so we were all alone in home with our grandpapa and
grandmamma. I should tell u pals, I m a bit horny guy and at that
time, I used to borrow few porno magazines from my college friends
and used to masturbate while watching sexy poses like many teenagers
do. That day, I did the same and after that, I took bath in the
afternoon and was trying to take a nap, I was only in my shorts and
nothing else because the AC of my room wasn't working for some
reasons. Suddenly the door open and Azra came to my room and
shouted, hay fardi, (she always use it as my nickname) I need your
pencil box, as I was in half sleep, I told her to take it from my
cupboard. I was half conscious that time but managed to realize that
Azra didn't move towards the cupboard, I opened my eyes and got the
biggest shock of my life, Infect I forgot to take that magazine from
my computer table as I was a bit careless because of the absence of
my uncle and aunty. And man there she was, standing right next to my
computer table and kept watching every page of the porno magazine.

Her eyes were wide open, I got so dam scared because I knew she
might tell her parents about all this and they will certainly kill
me or threw me out from their house. I was speechless and shocked.
Then suddenly she turned her face towards me and after watching my
half naked body, her face became more red. She wanted to say
something but she couldn't and then suddenly she came towards me,
kissed me on my cheek and then ran away. I didn't realize first that
what just happened with me, my heartbeats were running wild since I
just felt the hot female lips on my cheek first time in my life.
Suddenly all my fears went disappeared and I felt a lot different
about her, I knew that she wanted me too and now I wanted to fuck
her. Well then I got all my courage, wore my t-shirt on, took my
pencil box and went out of my room. First I checked my grand parents
and got to know that grandpapa wasn't at home and grandmamma were
taking rest in her room and our maidservant was in her servant
quarters.

I then went to her room, her door was half open, I slowly knocked
the door, I heard her low voice, come in... I open the door and went
in, there she was, half lying on the bed with a course book in her
hand. She was in a light blue lawn suite, which was a bit see-
through. She was looking dam sexy in that dress. I slowly went
towards her, gave her my pencil box and sat beside her. She was
looking dam shy because of what just happened few minutes ago. I got
a bit courage and slowly took her hand in my hand and asked her. Why
are you looking so upset Uzi? (I call her Uzi) first she said
nothing then slowly she open her lips and said, what was that in the
magazine, I told her that its just natural and part of life.
Suddenly she said,

"Log yeh sab kaise karte hon gai, Mujhe sab kuch ajeeb sa lag raha
hai, Mera dil chah raha hai keh koi mere saath bhi wohi sab kuch
karay jo uss Magazine main who white couples kar rahe the but mujhe
dar bhi lag raha hai keh yeh sab ghalat to nahi hai........." And
then she hid her face in her hands with shyness. I slowly took her
hands apart and give her a light kiss on her lips and said, I love
you Uzi. She suddenly hugged me tightly, her body was burring hot
and she was shivering with excitement but a little bit scared
because she was a virgin too. I clearly saw her pointed nipples (she
wasn't wearing bra that time) which meant that she was a bit horny
that time so I slowly embraced her again tightly, kissed her on her
lips again, perfectly this time and entered my tongue in her mouth,
she didn't move her lips first then slowly started to suck my tongue
slowly. I then tried to take off her Qameez but I couldn't because
she was lying under me, then she broke the kiss, raised herself up
so I got a better access and I swiftly removed her shirt and man,
wowwwwwww, There she was naked from above with all her splendors.
Her boobs were not so big but perfectly in shape, I almost lost my
breath, as it was my first time seeing a tit so closely. She got a
bit comfortable now and asked in a teasing voice, Kaise hain meray
boobs? ...... I didn't say anything and put my lips on her right
nipple and started to suck and flick it with my tongue. She just
gave a little moan, Uuuummmmmmmmmm ......... and then she jerked and
thrust her right boob into my hungry mouth. I started with great
enthusiasm. First on the right and then on the left until I felt her
body tense and with a slight moan she relaxed. It was her first
orgasm of her life and she thought that she had peed in her Shalwar.
She felt embarrassed.

I asked, did u come?

"Woh kya hota hai"? She asked in a low voice.

"It means, that you had an orgasm." I said pointing towards her
Shalwar.

She looked down at her Shalwar and she could see a large wet patch
there.

"I thought I peed." She said.

"No, you certainly had an orgasm. Did you enjoy it?" I said.

Yes," she said shyly.

I then put my hand on the knot of her Shalwar but she hold my hand
tightly n said, Mujhe dar lag raha hai........ I said Kuch nahi ho
ga Uzi i promise, I want to see your pussy. I then took her hand
apart and rub my hand on her Shalwar covered thighs. She said
nothing. Growing bolder I lowered her Shalwar slowly until she was
completely naked.

Her glistering shaved pussy, wet from her come, was in front of me.

"You want to see my pussy so look at it." She said with a little
smile on her face.

I can't see it like this. You have to open wide." I said

She slowly opened her legs and gave me a first full view of her
pussy. Teasingly she lowered her hand and opened the lips of her
virgin pussy.

I couldn't believe my eyes. There she was my beautiful cousin sister
spread open and her pink pussy glistering with her wetness. I
couldn't control myself and touched her there, she shivered in
excitement and hugged me tightly again. She kissed me on my neck so
hard that time that I felt a bit pain. She then slowly started to
move her hands on my shorts. My dick was hard like iron and was
trying to come out. She just moved her hands on my shaft and moan,
Aaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.

"Well, do you like it."? I asked.

I don't know." She said in shyness.

I stood up, removed my shorts and t-shirt and sat down beside her
again. She was stunned at the sight of my cock as she told me, she
had heard other girls talking about it but hasn't seen one before.
She slowly put her hand on my cock. It was so hot and silky. Her
small hand was trembling as she felt the length of it.

I was in paradise. I was also a virgin. Before today nobody has
touched my cock. I was finding it hard to control my passion. I knew
that a few more strokes and I would be coming but it was just mind
blowing so I asked her, "Daikho Uzi, Tum issko zor se dabao aur
issko maslo Please".

"What will happen if I do so?" She asked.

I will come like you did." I said.

She started rubbing vigorously to please me, her younger cousin
brother. I felt my cock grew and started feeling the sensation
building. After few strokes I knew I was ready.

"Uuuuuhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... Uzi, Please faster, I am going to come." I
shouted.

She intensified her efforts. Suddenly a load of hot seamen erupted
from the tip of my cock and landed on her chest. She didn't know
what to do but jest kept on pumping. At least I sighed and my cook
stopped erupting. She got up and went to bathroom to clean herself
up. I followed her and caught her from behind, she felt my touch and
giggled, I helped her in cleaning and then started kissing her
again, this time she was kissing me and touching me more boldly. But
suddenly she said, "We shouldn't do it any more right now, Ager koi
aa gaya to?"

" Grandpapa have gone somewhere and grandmamma is sleeping in her
room". I said.

The maidservant? What about her." She asked.

"well she is in her servant quarters" I replied.

She said, Nhai nahi, abhi nahi, abhi koi bhi aa sakta hai, Tum raat
ko aana meray room main jab sab so jayen tab"

I didn't want to leave her but I didn't want to make her upset too
so after wearing my t-shirt and shorts, I left her room.

I couldn't concentrate rest of the day and impatiently waited for
the night.

Around 12 midnight I heard a little knock on my door, " come in" I
said in low voice, the door open slowly and there she was, my sex
Goddess, my elder cousin Azra standing there in a light pink color
nightee. She gave me a sexy smile and gave me a signal to follow
her. I stood up, went to check my grandparents first, their room was
in total darkness and I knew they wont come out as they took
sleeping pills. I entered in Azra's room and immediately hugged her
tightly. She giggled and placed her head on my shoulders.

"You know fardi, I feel like I am your wife." She said.

"Except that I haven't made love to my bride." I replied.

"We have been married only for say 5 hours," she giggled again.

"Did you love what we did today?" I asked.

"Haaaaan" she said with little shyness.

At that time, my cock got hard and was touching her thighs. we
embraced tightly again and started kissing. Soon both were naked and
staring at each other. I took her in my hands and laid her on the
bed. I took her nipple in my mouth and started sucking on it. Slowly
I moved my hand downward and I found the lips of her moist pussy.
She purred like a cat. My mouth followed my hands and slowly I was
kissing her thighs. Then I placed my mouth on her pussy. Azra gave a
cry of ecstasy and thrust her pussy forward to meet my tongue. I
licked on her clit and virgin fuck hole. She was saying meaningless
things in lust.

"Hyeeeeeeeeeeeeeee kitne gande ho tum, Uuuuuuhhhhhhhhh, Apna munh
kharab kar liya, AAAHHHHHHH, Bohat maza aa raha hai,
Haaaiiiiiiiiiiiiiii, Please jaanooooooo aur chooso na,
Uuuuummmmmmmmmmmmmm.

And then with a big moan, she cum and I got lot of tasty and musky
female fluid from her pussy. She is a bit strawberry flavored. (I
always love to lick her pussy).

I then got up, made her lye flat on her back, and pushed her legs
wide open and sat between her legs.

"Are you ready for it Uzi?" I asked.

Yes I am all yours, I am your cousin, your best friend and from now,
your wife too. Love me and take my virginity. Give me all your
seed." She said in a husky voice.

With that, I put the tip of my cock on her love hole. I said

"Daikho Uzi, yeh tumahra pehli dafa hai, shayad tumko thora sa pain
ho pehlay but u will enjoy it latter on,"

"Mujhe pata hai, bas tum ab jaldi se isse ander daal do meri choot
main, I cant wait anymore" She almost shouted with lust.

I went so turned on by her vulgar language that I almost rammed my
cock in her pussy.

Azra was finding it hard to breathe. I felt some resistance in her
pussy as my cock hit her hymen and when my cook tore it she felt
like she was going to die of pain. Tears started rolling from her
eyes. I stopped for a moment seeing her tears but she thrust her
hips and the rest of my penis entered her virgin hole. I could feel
my balls touching her asshole. We lay still for some time both
savoring the moment. I could feel my cock throbbing in her tight
pussy. Slowly I started pumping. As my cock head fucked in and out
the mouth of her womb, it made popping sounds inside her. Suddenly
she arched her back, clutched me very tight and with a big moan, she
started coming. " Ooohhhhhh Jaanoo, Meri nikal rahe hai,
Uummmmmmmmmm, I Love you, Aur zor se chodo, Phaar do meri choot ko,
Aahhhhhhhhhhhhhh " she was getting more and more vulgar and it made
me almost mad.

"I cannot hold on for long. You know it is my first time," I said.

"Just come inside me, that is all I want from you my dear." She said.

Oohhhhhhhhhh Uzi jaan, I m cummmmmmiiiiinnnngggggggggg..... I
moaned. My body shuddered. My cock flexed hard inside her and my
jism spurted in her cunt. I rammed up her cunt. " Aahhhhhhhhhhhhh...
I love it," she moaned. " I love it, I love it, give it to me. I
collapsed on top of her, gasping as her pussy sucked my cock dry. I
kissed all over her face as we stayed there for a while. After some
time I took out my cook from her choot. It was red wit her blood.
She also saw blood on my cook and quickly looked at her choot. There
was a large patch of blood on the bed sheet and her choot was all
red. We both looked at each other and then started to laugh
together. The she hugged me again and said in my ears,

"Tumne mujhe larki se aurat bana diya, Mujhe kya pata tha keh chudai
main itna maza aata hai, Meri friends ne bataya tha sab kuch but aaj
pata chala hai keh who sab sach kehti theen... Please mujhe promise
karo keh tum roz mujhe chodo gai".

I promised her that I would fuck her whenever she felt like and she
went so happy that she immediately started kissing me on my lips. I
kissed her deeply in return exploring her body with my hands. I
squeezed the flesh of her buttocks as she ground her pussy into my
crotch, her fingers digging into my butt and pulling me harder into
her. Azra saw my cock rising, and smiled. She took it in her hands
and pumped it a little and whispered in my ear, "Meri choot chaato
na please."

I immediately moved down between her legs. Azra parted them, giving
me access to the beautiful womanhood that was guarded by the gently
throbbing clitoris. She was already moist due to our previous fuck,
her pussy lips glistening with my cum. I kissed her and immediately
she grabbed my head, and pressed it down into her crotch. I licked
the folds of her labia, and heard her moan. She spread her legs
wide, giving me a full view of her nakedness. I feasted my eyes upon
the feminine beauty of my cousin sister, her glistening pussy lips
fluttering with excitement. She moaned and begged me to eat her. I
touched her lips with my fingers and gently parted them. I could see
the glistening pink passage of her vagina, and could see small drops
of her feminine secretions oozing out, as I reached out with my
tongue. She tasted incredibly wonderful as I pushed my tongue in
further. Azra lifted her hips and pressed her cunt in my face. I
grabbed her buttocks and pushed my tongue as far as I could. My lips
pressed into her clitoris, and he could feel the hard nub of her
sensitive flesh against it. I took her clit in my lips and massaged
it Azra screamed as a powerful orgasm shook her body.

"Oh my God, Fardi. I can't stop cumming, Jaanoo ruko mat, Chaat-tai
raho meri choot. Ahhhhhhhhgggggggggghhhhhhhhhh. I'm going to die in
bliss."

She repeatedly thrust her pelvis against my lips as her body shook
with waves of orgasms. Then she collapsed, her breath coming in
rapid gasps. She pushed my head away from her sensitized groin, and
opened her arms to welcome me. She held me tightly to her, and
continued to breathe rapidly. Her face was flushed, and her body
still trembled. After several minutes, she smiled and looked in my
eyes.

"Fardi, that was the most intense orgasm I've ever had. It was so
beautiful, I didn't want it to stop. But if you would have continued
to kiss and suck my clit, I would have died. Oh, jaan, I love you so
much."

We held each other in a tight embrace. I felt satisfied in her arms.
My sweet cousin sister was kissing me repeatedly as her body slowly
returned to its normal state, loving me with her eyes, hands and
lips. I felt so much love for her that I pulled her into me, and
kissed her hard on the lips.

"Uzi, my love. I now know how much I love you, darling. You are the
most incredibly sexy, loving and sweet woman I know.

"I already know that, sweetheart. I have enjoyed it beyond
imagination." She said.

She then started crying.

"Oh Fardi. You can't imagine how much your love and feelings mean to
me. I am glad I have you jaanoo. Losing my virginity to you was the
most intimate gift of love to you, and nothing will change that. I
will never feel guilty about making love to you. So don't hesitate.
Take me, your loving elder cousin sister, and fill me with your
love. I want you inside me. Don't make me wait any longer." I kissed
her teary eyes. Her love and her trust in me touched me deeply. We
held each other and caressed our naked bodies. I could feel her
arousal building. I was aroused too, but there was no lust. Instead,
the only feeling that overwhelmed both of us was the genuine, pure
love we felt for each other. I looked into her eyes. She was also
looking intently in my face, her body pressed against mine. She
reached for my now throbbing organ, which was pressing, against her
thigh.

"Fardi, now is the time. Penetrate me with your beautiful cock. Let
me feel its strength deep inside my womb again."

She threw her leg over me, and pushed the tip of my cock against her
opening. "Come, jaanoo. Give me your love. I can't wait."

I turned her over on her back and rolled on top of her. She embraced
me, and gave me the most bewitching smile. I eased myself between
her legs, as she opened them. I kissed her deeply; exploring the
sweetness of her mouth as our tongues dueled with each other. My
hands groped for her taut nipples and gently pulsating skin of her
firm breasts. Azra moaned and took my cock in her hands. Spreading
her legs wider, she rubbed the tip against her clitoris, smearing
her love juices all over it. "Enter me, but gently," she whispered.
Abhi meri choot bohat tight hai.

I pulled back slightly, and pressed forward. I felt my cock entering
her tight and warm passage, and an incredibly sweet feeling of love
came over me. I was about to enter my elder cousin sister's passage
again but this time wanted it to be the most loving and enduring
memory for her. I pushed harder and my cock slipped in all the way
into her. Azra gave a big sigh of relief, and began crying. Her
whole body shook as she sobbed, holding me tightly, and kissing my
neck and face repeatedly.

"Just hold me, fardi. Let me savor this moment for some time. Don't
move. I want to grip your cock deep inside me, and feel its
hardness."

We lay there for several minutes, engulfed in the intensity of our
union, every part of our bodies feeling the excitement and love we
shared. After a long time, she stirred as she felt the softening of
my cock. She looked at me, smiled and said.

"Oh jaan, I can feel you deep inside me. oooohhhhhhhh. How can I
tell you how much this means to me, how much I love you. Can you
feel my love, darling?"

"Yes, Uzi. I can feel your tight grip around my cock all the way to
the base. You are so tight. I won't ever forget this moment. I love
you very much, meri jaan." I said.

"Then make love to me, and fill me with your juice. Let me feel the
pounding of your cock in me. I feel so liberated now that I want to
talk dirty with you. Come on, jaanoo, Chodo apni dulhan ko. Aaj
jitna dil chahe muhe chodo, main uff bhi nahi karoon gi" She said in
a sexy voice.

I felt my cock harden as our excitement mounted. I raised myself
over her, and looked at our union. wowwww, what a sight. She braced
herself as I came down with force, and rammed my cock into her. She
moaned loudly and clutched here legs around my waist as I began
pumping my cock in her tight, slippery passage I continued to plunge
into her for several minutes. She was building up to another orgasm,
as she began rolling her head from side to side, and clutching her
breasts.

"Yes, jaanoooooooooo aur zor se jhatkay lagaooooooooo, karte raho,.
aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh main chootne wali hoooooon, rukna mat
Pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee.....
aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhgggggggghhhhhhhhhhh"

She began thrusting her hips against my downward plunge. I felt the
grip around my cock tighten as she mounted a counter assault. I felt
my balls tighten and I knew that I was about to unload into her at
any moment

"Uzi jaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan, I am coming, too. Hold on, sweetheart. I am
about to fill you up with my juice. I shouted loudly.

We held each other tightly as I rode her. I fell on top of her and
began thrusting with minimal movement of my hips, as my cock
remained buried deep into her cunt. I could feel the contractions of
her cunt lips around the base of my cock and thrust into her with
increasing tempo. Azra opened her mouth and kissed me, pushing her
tongue deep inside my mouth. That triggered their explosions, and we
both came together, moaning and grunting loudly as my cock erupted
with a powerful force, splashing her womb with my seed

She shuddered, and exclaimed, "Oh my god, oh my god. I can feel your
cock shooting your juice in me. I can feel the spurts, darling. You
really did fill me up my jaanu, just like I asked. You did not hold
back anything. Oh, I love you so much, fardi. You gave me all you
had."

"So did you, darling." I said while kissing her slowly on her face.

"It is worth every moment, Fardi. My love for you has no limit, and
this is the only way I could show it to you. Are you happy?"

"Oh Uzi I want you to know that I will give you my love again any
time you wish. Then I looked at the watch. It had been almost three
hours since we had started our lovemaking.

She put her arms around me and hugged me tightly.

"Carry me in the bathroom, and let's take a shower together. Then
we'll go to sleep."

I picked her up in his arms, and carried her into the bathroom. She
kissed me. I put her down in the tub, and started the shower. We
cleaned each other off, playing with each other as we enjoyed our
intimacy. We both then dried ourselves and went to bed naked.

Well friends, that was the start of our new sex life, which is still
going on even though she is married to a handsome guy and has a one
kid. We still fuck each other whenever we get a chance. I even made
her pregnant once, She was unmarried that time but she had aborted
the child and luckily no one got the clue of it, after that, we
always took precautionary measures during sex. She is the most
special woman in my life and I think I won't be able to forget her
ever...






