This is a true story which happened started last year.

Name & place have been changed to avoid embracement & keep secrecy.

We had a good family friend Rajan & Neeta. Neeta & my wife had been friends since college days & had shared room in hostel for over three years. They were close so after marriage when Neeta was also in same city we became close enough. Neeta is around my wife age (35 Yrs) little pulpy & big breast. Big breast have been my weakness & I had been eying Neeta since long but never succeeded.

Last year In November, I received Neeta call on my mobile asking me to vist her hose as she has some urgent matter to discuss with me. I promised her to be there soon with my wife but she insisted that I come alone & right away.

I was little confused but invitation from Neeta was some thing & leaving all other matter I rushed to her hose. It must be around 7 PM when I knocked at her door. Neeta opened the door & invited me in. I could smell whiskey on her breath as I entered.

I waited for her to take the lead in the conversation and I felt she knew it.

Can I get you anything," she asked.

"How about some scotch, that always warms me up," I replied.

She laughed and walked over to the liquor cabinet to look for the scotch. " Do you mind if I have one." Sure I said. What could that hurt? I put on the TV as I sipped on the glass that she had made me. She downed hers and was obviously feeling the effect since she was all smiles

"I have wanted to do this for a long time." She broke a moment of silence.

"Do what?" I hoped for a hint and got it.

"I want you to eat my pussy," she replied.

"You've been talking to my wife." I asked. "Doesn't Rajan eat your pussy?"

(I knew by then that my wife shared with her the fact that I performed oral sex.)

"I want you to eat me," said Neeta.

I sat down on the couch next to her. I was not real sure what to do, my stomach was flittering with butterflies as I sat close enough that our arms were touching. I turned to her to find that she was looking directly at me, meeting her gaze I told her that she looked absolutely stunning and leaned into kiss her. It was a soft kiss; just on the lips, and then it grew more urgent as my passion was fueled by her softness. I slowly ran my tongue across her lips, back and forth until her lips separated more and I could roll my tongue against hers. She met my kisses with great desire, her tongue entwining with mine. As the passion grew between us my hands began to wonder over her body

"Aaah!," she exclaimed. "Take me."

Her words served to inflame my passion as I moved my lips to her fair throat, gently disrobing her saree while unhooking her blouse and then her bra. In no time both of us had stripped naked. Words were unnecessary as I lifted her and put her on the bed and climbing in as well.

I had her total pussy; burying three fingers in her slit and pressed her clit with my thumb. She yelled in pain and then began to moan with pleasure.

"You know you have to do whatever I want. I am going to ask you to do something. Do you understand?" I said,

"Yes. I know I will do what you ask. I am dying to feel a tongue on my pussy. You tell me what you want. I'll do anything." Her voice told me that she was at my mercy.

"I will. I'll do anything if you will eat my pussy." She was pleading.

"Maybe, but first I want to teach you how to deep throat my cock.

She, had never taken a man's organ into her mouth, was eager to smell it and feel it with her lips and tongue. I rubbed it across her face and nose (she was excited by the feel) & pushed it against her lips and as they opened, put it into her mouth hitting right at the end . The unfamiliar feel of a huge object in her mouth made her gag initially "I can't breathe when you put it all the way in." Her voice was panicky. "I want to please you but I have to breathe."

I grabbed her head and turned it upwards.

I felt the throbbing head of my cock slide through and it was my turn to shake and tremble with pleasure.

"Now I want you to swallow the head of my cock. Come on, make like you are swallowing my cum. Go ahead. Taste my cock as it leaks juice." I started pushing my hips into her mouth and felt my balls slapping against her chin.

I rammed it all the way in and had my cock head trapped in her swallowing muscle as she began to open and close it and I felt a tremendous surge on my balls. I struggled to hold my fluid in as long as possible but she was fighting to suck my cock even deeper.

With one surging wave, my cum spurted once, then again and again. She didn't gag - every ounce of my repeated waves dropped into her stomach. My pole quickly subsided and was free of the muscle that pumped so perfectly.

Then, and only then, did she taste my load. As the final ounce of my sperm leaked into her mouth, she had a new gleam in her eyes.

If I am going to eat your pussy good, you have to pull the hood off your clit." Both of Neeta's hands rushed to the joy opening between her legs. She spread the lips of her cunt apart and pulled the skin back.

So far, this was working out better than I had expected. She was fully submissive. I took both of her ankles in my hand and spread her legs apart. This gave me a full view of her slippery pussy lips. Her tiny clit was barely visible.

I slipped my tongue into her vagina and she erupted like a volcano, with her hips rising up to bounce against my chin. I tongue fucked her for a full minute and she had two orgasms. They were what I like to call mini orgasms. I covered her with my entire mouth, working my tongue around her swollen clit. Back and forth across the top I went and she moved faster against me.

She was moaning and thrusting her clit up against my tongue. I started moving my tongue from just above her ass hole and dragged it slowly towards her clit. Every time I reached her nub of heavenly pleasure, she uttered in a low voice, "my God."

I knew she was getting close so I worked harder and faster. Her legs began to quiver as her climax began to ebb thru her body, her whole body trembling and she moaned loudly as her sweet nectar spilled out onto my tongue. I could feel her muscles inside of her contracting as I kept my mouth glued to her thru it all. Her body twisted violently and then she suddenly went limp.

I wasted no time. Her pussy was tight and her body was now available to me as if she was a virgin; her cunt lips closed a trap.

There was only one thing for me to do. I leaped over her limp body and forced my cock into her swollen pussy lips and into the quivering oasis of her body. She stopped me & jumped off. Nooooo she shouted. Not today.

It was like falling from Qutab Minar. I urged her to let me fuck wit promise not to discharge In her, but she requested me to save it for another day. I was disappointed & dejected & sat there holding my cock in hand.

Suddenly she sat up and took my hard cock in her hand and softly caressed it and my balls. I gazed upon her as she bent her head and moved closer to my throbbing member. A shiver ran thru my body as I felt the tip of her togue lightly swirl all the way around the head and then slowly make a trail down one side of the cock & all around balls, then back up the other side to the head. In no time head of my cock disappeared between the lips of her mouth. Slowly she went down until she had almost all of it inside her warm wet mouth, moving back off she swirled her tongue all over it and around as she came back till just the tip was still in her mouth. She was driving me mad with desire now. Her head started bobbing with a steady rhythm, I could feel her tongue everywhere on me, and she carresed my balls too with one of her free hands, the other was holding and massaging the cock when it wasn't in her mouth. She surprised me, my putting my cock between her breast and began to move them up and down on each side, sending shockwaves every time her tongue licked the tip when it came out the top of her cleavage. No longer able to hold back I told her I was cumming, just in time as the first jet sprayed up and landed on her right cheek, before anymore could fire out she covered with her mouth and sucked all of cum out into her moaning mouth.

In only one visit, we became sex slaves to the each other.
It was almost 1.00 o'clock in the afternoon when I received call from Neeta. She wanted to meet me. This was our second meeting. I reached Neeta's house & found her wearing a saree. She was not wearing any blouse. Although she had covered her breasts with the free end of the saree, they were quite visible through the thin material.

She came up and sat besides me on the sofa. "Lie down on my lap Neeta said.

I looked up and was rewarded with a close up of Neeta's breasts. Unable to resist the temptation, I stroked her breast under the saree.

"Rajan is a lucky man, he has these big breasts to play with every day.

"Don't start teasing me again! If he can satisfy me you think I would call you?

I lost no time in removing the thin saree end covering both the breasts. I took the right breast in my mouth and started massaging the left one with the other hand. Neeta's breasts were the size of a big sized papaya. I couldn't contain one with both hands.

I could see her enjoying the sensation and moaning , "Please keep sucking harder my love." She clasped my head tight encouraging to suck hard. I noticed that her nipples had changed were more pointed as if pointing in my direction.

I took off her Saree & slowly untied inner skirt, and began to caress her ass over the panty, moving my hands slowly forward, and began to play with already dripping pussy over the panty. Slowly I took of panty and stuck my finger in her pussy.

Slowly I withdrew & took off all my clothes & went down to her vaginal opening. My tongue darted out and licked the entire area around her portal and finally snaked inside and explored every inch, sucking, licking and gobbling greedily, licking and swallowing her sweet juices which came oozing out as her ecstasy deepened.

Darling I want you to do it to me now," raking my back with her nails. Bulge in my pants started growing. Her eyes fix on my bulge through my pants "I want that cock inside my aching. I want it now

Quickly I was standing between her legs now, my cock rubbing against her still damp lips. Her hand reach around as she guided me, very slowly I made my way inside of her slick lips, inch by inch. When I was all the way in she pulled me with her legs to have me as close to her as possible and as deep in as I could go. As slow as I entered her I backed out until just the head of my cock remained inside of her.

Finally I began to move at a slow pace, holding onto her bottom to make sure she stayed put and giving it gentle squeezes too. Pumping in and out of her I felt so good for she was wet and fit snug around his member. I held her tight as we kissed deeply to fuel our passion filled lust for a climax to not be forgotten. My pace quickening she laid back so I could take control and go deep inside of her to fill her fully. I held one leg up on my shoulder and started stroking in and out faster. With each thrust inside of her I could feel her muscles squeezing at me, pulling me deeper and deeper.

As I moved faster she reached up and began to play with her own breast, pulling and twisting her already stiff nipples and moaning softly, almost purring.
As my thrusts started getting harder and deeper, she started making noises which were muffled because of our wild kissing. I kept hammering away almost mercilessly and finally she started raking his back with her nails and bucking violently. Suddenly i plunged as deep as i could go and started shooting MY sperm copiously into her womb. We both literally went mad with ecstasy enjoying the most delightful orgasm in unison. Exhausted, I lay on top of her for a minute and then slid down besides her. We fell asleep in each others arms

When we woke up Neeta gave me a mind blowing blowjob.

Till date we continue with our adulterous relatio