Susan sniffed, she lifted her arms and smelled at her hairy patch. She was so glad that it emanated such strong and sexy-hot odour. God she loved it.
Susan was twenty-eight, she'd lived quite a conventional life but often found herself craving something else, something more expanded than the nursing position and the flat in the suburbs. She worked a maternity ward and it was a hard job, she loved it and yet it hemmed her in somehow... people relying on her, how could she find space for what she wanted to do.
When it came down to it Susan was an extremely horny woman, she had been as long as she could remember but somehow, she felt like it was getting stronger not less as time went on. She loved sex so much, and had to find ways to fully in-cooperate what she needed into her schedule...it was hard but she often found time because she just had to.
Susan often thought that somehow, she'd got dog genes, smell was something she knew was the root of so many instinctive feeling. She worked in maternity for loads of reasons but she knew that subconsciously it was all about making her life as much about sex and what sex creates than anything else. She would go with a midwife and assist her during visits to mothers who were a few weeks from due date and speak to them and the potential fathers about issues, sometimes she would visit instead of the midwife now, it was more interesting.
Susan's horniness was something that had to fit into this busy schedule and so often she would find herself in clinic bathrooms or client's bathrooms masturbating, this was her way of keeping relaxed and right with herself. She wasn't ashamed, she just felt it was natural and normal and that the world got in the way of her not the other way around. Susan wasn't specifically a feminist or an activist of any kind she just liked herself, how she was in her natural state, she loved her curves and bodily strangeness, she just didn't want to be ashamed of how her natural scent wafted around her.
Susan did shower but not every day and she liked often to feel her skin a bit sticky with sweat and especially in-between her legs. She was shorter about 5-4" with thick legs and a huge bum which she was extremely happy about, her breasts where large and pert and her face was soft and round with large beautiful eyes and large lips. She had what she called a more pear-shaped body. She'd never shaved ever, she never saw the point in not being her natural self, her whole skin had fine peach fuzz and thick curls of pubes spread over her lower abdomen and down between her legs and into her bum crack and over the edges of her cheeks, and then down her legs also long hair grew. Her nipples even had some hair as did her arms but not so visibly unless you were looking for it.
Susan felt she needed to cum a few times a day to keep herself in check and today was no different. After doing the rounds of mums she took a toilet break. The clinic toilet was private and she knew she had her twenty minute window. As she got inside and closed the door she felt she'd found her oasis. Susan quickly pulled down her trousers and knickers to her knees and parted her legs.
She hadn't washed herself down there for 3 days now and the smell was getting wild. She loved a wash gap as she called it, where she could get really smelly, she sometimes went for 5 days or more. Susan lifted her arm and sniffed her smelly pits, she was so turned on. She opened her legs more and felt her mound of hair slick with juice that was now dripping in strands between the lips of her pussy and her inner thigh. She smelt of smelly pussy, ready pussy, some pee and musk and something even more raunchy was hinting as a back tone. Her lips were thick and swollen and full.
Although Susan loved the smell of herself here, she loved one thing even more, the stink of her bum, it was something so strong and dirty that it pushed her into another level. She reached back and slowly pulled at the butt plug that lay nestled between her sticky cheeks. She tugged at it and felt it release. She knew what she needed, what she wanted, and slowly inspected the plug...It was pinky skin toned and only a few inches long but thick. She loved it. It was now a little yellower and had a brown smudge right at the top. Susan let it dry for a moment before she brought it to her nose and started to sniff.
It stank in such a dirty hot, beautiful way...Susan's eyes rolled back as she played with her long stiff clitoris and sniffed at her dirty butt plug, her juices started to leak more and she slipped in two fingers into her already sopping wet pussy as she rubbed her clit. She knew she was going to make a bigger mess than she wanted to but she couldn't stop now, for some reason her ass smelled better than it ever had done and the smell of that mixed with her pussy and sweat was making her so wonton that she didn't care who needed her, she needed this first. Her fingers mixed with her juices and became a blur of wetness as she shamelessly writhed on her now three fingers. She was hunched over now, the butt plug right up under her nose, some of its slime rubbing on Susan's upper lips as she began to feel her orgasm peaking.
Susan let out an a deep moan as she sprayed the walls of the cubical with a long and violent squirt, her well-worn stained knickers caught some of it but her trousers were soaked and some had splashed on her chest and face...she chuckled to herself through her afterglow of the mess she'd made but was somehow ok about it all, feeling well within her rights to continue her anointing of her private, yet public, bathroom with her essence. Finally, she got up. She put her plug on the side sniffing it lovingly one last time and letting her hand wander down to her asshole to feel how open it was. She loved the stretch that the plug gave her as well as the smells and sometimes taste.
She pulled her knickers up looking at the patterns of strains on the gusset. She often sniffed them at home before bed, they were mottled with yellows at the front and light browns at the back. Her trousers would have to dry off bit by bit but she quickly cleaned up her squirt with some toilet paper and washed her hands and left remembering that she'd got a two o-clock...she remembered in the nick of time her plug and after one last sniff it when straight back into her bum-hole opening her out and making her feel that hot horniness she loved so much.
Susan got into the car and drove to her two o clock clients who were a nearby couple who she liked allot. She'd seen them instead of the midwife two times already and was getting a rapport. They were about her age, Nick and Becca, Becca was almost there a few more weeks to go. As She drove she could smell her squirt drying on her skin and felt so relaxed after her orgasm. She knew that possibly others could pick up on her smell, but she liked it, she wanted others to know. Nick opened the door and greeted Susan with open arms, they were friends now it seemed. God Becca was lucky, she loved his squeeze and she took a quick sniff of his neck as they embraced, ...her pussy stirred and moistened, she could smell him strongly, his musk somehow...wow! Becca was a bit of a hippy, more than Nick anyway, she was the real mother earth type and was happy to see Susan.
"Bit of a spillage?" she said, pointing to the now fading mark of Susan's squirt which was clearly between her legs.
"Oh yes..." Susan smiled, "just couldn't wait so I let it all out."
Becca laughed as she hugged her, "Yes I'm beginning to do that too."
She was glowing and big and beautiful. They sat together on the floor with tea and biscuits and started talking about everything from what it was like being a mum to holidays to everything ...finally they got to sex.
"So I'm getting hornier by the day, is that normal?" Becca asked.
"Well it just depend on the woman, some of us get horny during pregnancy others totally reversed, your just one of the horny ones." Susan smiled.
"I am." Becca said.
"Yes she is." Said Nick kissing her.
"Sorry to be graphic but I just can't get enough at the moment, everything is sexy to me, and smell and taste is just heightened, so I kind of crave certain smells, they make me so horny..." Becca admitted bashfully.
"Go on..." Susan said feeling a twitch in her groin.
"Well it's just I like my own smell, and I always have done but somehow my smells have gotten stronger especially around my groin and even back there...," she pointed to her bum.
"It stinks but I like it...I bet I'm the only one!?" Said Becca with a shy but questioning tone.
"She's not the only one." Nick piped up as he kissed her again.
"God you guys are so hot," Susan laughed. "It's ok, it's all ok, just your natural odours getting stronger, a good sign, all is well, I mean how can it not be...your not in control of it nature is, you've just got to follow your instincts, that's what it's all about."
Becca looked relieved and somehow relaxed. "You know I feel so relaxed with you, we are allot like sisters you and I" she had tears in her eyes, "so glad to have met you."
Susan and Becca hugged, she held her and held her and as they did it felt like two lost animals who had finally found a home inside each others beings, such a deep sense of connection. Susan started to well up as well and the two girls held each other and squeezed each other. Nick looked on and also felt the love of these two, and watched as they stroked each others hair, they were like sisters, long lost.
Susan felt Becca's big warm belly pressed into her and felt Becca's breath at her neck...she felt her sniff, and again, she was sniffing her! Susan did the same, she sniffed at Becca's neck and along her chin and her hair, she hadn't washed, she smelled like sex and Susan knew that they had been at it before she'd arrived.
"Oh fuck you smell so good Susan." Becca said.
"So do you darling." Susan replied.
"You smell like really hot sex," Becca said, "have you been doing it recently...?"
"Wow your good Sherlock," Susan went red, "I might have had a moment in the ladies bathroom this morning." Susan somehow in this context was just going to be real, she didn't care what Becca or Nick thought of her, she just felt they of all people might be ok with it and accept her.
"Oh I used to do that at my work too." Said Becca without a second thought.
"Really!" Susan exclaimed.
"Oh yes I had to release myself about 2-3 times a day at times, I just got so horny and it was before Nick, but even when I was with him I needed my own time, I still do."
"You smell like sex too, by the way," Susan pointed out.
"Well we were just getting into that when you arrived..." Becca laughed.
Susan suddenly felt her butt plug pulsing as she could feel her horniness rising, it was as if Becca had seen her like no-one had ever, she breathed heavily and looked up a Becca's beautiful face smiling at her giggling and overcome she just went for her...she kissed her full on the mouth, fully vulnerably expressing her love for this woman in front of her as they sat on the floor together.
Becca had done the same thing at the same moment, it was just natural. Their tongues licked at each other's mouths and tasted each other's faces, and kissed so deeply and fully. Nick looked on, he was so in love with the scene in front of him and so turned on he didn't know what to do but just watch these two beautiful women loving each other...Becca could unknowingly smell the faint odour of Susan's bum musk as she kissed her lips where the plug has touched previously.
Becca was the first to say it "Can we be naked? I want to explore you."
Susan, crying and laughing together "Of course darling, I'd love that."
Becca started to pull at Susan's cloths, and she took off her top bra revealing her big breasts, she just focused on Becca she'd totally forgotten about Nick being there. Becca's breasts where almost as large and now full of milk and her nipples were darker and even a bit hairier than Susan...and that's when she saw it...Susan noticed the nipples but then the under arms and as more cloths came off, more and more hair everywhere. Becca was her hairy sister. Susan was in deep love, she had always been attracted to women but now a women that smelt like this and looked like this, she knew she was defiantly attracted and she wanted to just soak her up.
The women were almost naked, Becca pulled down Susan's lower half and frantically as she could and Susan did the same...Becca pulled Susan towards her and squeezed her huge bum cheeks as they kissed naked, pressed up as far against each other as they could.
Nick had undressed too and was rubbing his cock watching them. He could smell them both, so hot so sexy as they kissed and licked and dripped. As Susan turned round he noticed her huge hairy bum and her plug, his cock became harder and leaked a little at what might be to come.
Susan was in so much joy as Becca's started sniffing and kissing and licking her underarms, they wanted to smell like each other. Susan rubbed Becca's pits on her face and sniffed, Oh she loved it, spicy and smelly. They worked down touching each other everywhere. Squeezing breasts , licking nipples and Susan rubbing Becca's huge beautiful belly as she opened her legs and waited for Susan's nimble hands to feel her hot, swollen and sweaty crotch. Her knickers were not as dirty as Susan's but her smell was strong and musky and Susan just loved it. Becca's pussy was leaking all over Susan's fingers, she tasted some and Susan rubbed some on her own pussy and over her breasts and face, she loved the stink of it.
Susan began to become frenzied, she opened Becca's legs wide and rubbed her face in her crotch, she lapped at her pussy and clit and made her face and hair wet with Becca's juice's, then she went in for the kill.
"I'm going to do something dirty now but I need to,..." she said to Becca who was contracting from Susan's treatment.
"Turn round and spread your bum for me," Susan said sternly,
Becca almost leapt up and knelt in fount of Susan, she had a big bum too, now slick with juices and stickiness. She pulled open her deep cheeks and revealed her sticky stinking bum hole to Susan's eyes, it was hairy and with a yellow sheen which Susan knew well means that it was dirty and sweaty as well, Becca must have used the toilet a few hours ago...it was totally perfect, perfectly smelly.
Susan put her nose just in front of Becca's hole and started sniffing, as she did she rubbed her pussy , it was pouring out juice...she sniffed and sniffed and Becca just got redder and redder in her face as she realised how sexy and horny she was feeling having Susan, her new friend with her face so close to her dirtiest hole, sniffing her there, loving what she smelled...it was like all her fantasies of acceptance had come at once.
"I'm going to lick you now." Susan explained.
And with that she licked the centre of Becca's bum hole with the tip of her tongue. Becca griped at her clit as Susan took the role of pulling her cheeks open. She rubbed herself as Susan gradually pushed more and more of her long tongue into Becca's dirty and smelly bum. Her anus opened and spread as the tongue went in and out, making a lewd sound as her hole was cleaned and licked by Susan's loving tongue. Becca rubbed and rubbed and her juices dripped on to the floor. Susan rhythmically fucked Becca's bum and felt her stink covering her chin and lips and nose as she pushed the tongue to land her face fully in Becca's bum crack, Susan was in heaven as Becca came hard on her fingers, contracting hard on Susan's tongue as she did and smearing her juices over her big belly.
Nick was rock hard, his pre-cum was dripping all over himself and over Susan's bum which was now directly in fount of him. He too had always loved smell in sex and had previously stolen Becca's dirty knickers during the beginning of their relationship , it's in fact how they embracingly met, Nick with a pair of Becca's underwear and her catching him and glad about it...but this in fount of him was just spectacular, so amazing that humans had finally allowed each other to be in their animal beings again, he just marvelled at it...feeling so lucky to be a witness, but he needed more.
As Susan's bum spread open before Nick as she bent double to sniff Becca, he noticed her plug... "Wow she really does get horny at work!" he thought. He reached his hand over and made sure Susan knew he was there. Susan could feel Nicks hand on her ass, she knew he wanted her from the moment they had met and as she tongued Becca's bum she brought one hand to her own ass and spread it out inviting him in.
Nick didn't need another opening. He reached over and pulled at the plug, it popped open audibly and revealed Susan's hairy gaping bum hole. It was so hot looking with her dirty matted velvety hairs around the big open hole with her pussy dripping below. The plug was still in a similar condition as when Susan had put it back in, a yellowy slim coated it...Nick brought it up to his nose as he placed his saliva-ed cock at Susan's gaping bum entrance. He sniffed as he pushed forwards and slide his cock inside Susan. Susan moaned as he slid his huge erection inside her all the way to his balls, so slowly and gently but so deep and hot...god she loved it...Becca's dirty bum in her face and now Nick in her ass while he sniffed at her plug.
Susan rubbed her clit with one hand, Nick rode her slow and deep, sometimes pulling out completely to gape her bum more, then back in. As Becca's orgasm ended so Susan's began...Becca had turned around and was kissing and smelling Susan's mouth and lips which were covered with her own smelly juices and Nick was fucking her deep in her bum and she was rubbing her clit...it was too much and Susan exploded...Nick held his cock in deep as Susan contracted and contracted on it, squirting her juices down on the floor over and over again as Becca kissed and sucked her lips and squeezed Susan's breasts and nipples.
As Susan came down from her orgasm Nick gingerly pulled out. His cock now was shiny and wet and still very hard.
"Who wants this?" he asked politely.
Becca's eyes lit up as she brought her face to the cock, god it smelled so much, it smelled of him and of her, she sniffed it, smelling that now Susan's dirtiness was equal to her own, it was musky and wild and thick and dirty, she rubbed his cock on her face and on her breasts and then licked at it and tasted it, it was making her so horny again. She felt Nick's thickness in her mouth, her lover's amazing penis, that had given her so much pleasure and creates this life in her, she loved him so much as she tasted Susan on him. She wanted him to be who he was and to share with her, to feel this hot together, how could it be any other way...and why?
Nick looked on as Becca licked him and Susan fingered herself watching. Susan got hot watching the couple, knowing where that cock had been and how deep and how dirty, she couldn't believe how this was possible that she'd met these two beauties...just a miracle.
Susan went round to the back of Nick and started sniffing him from his neck. She sniffed down his back and over his hips and buttocks. She opened his hairy ass, he too hadn't washed and she could smell his strong musk, an instant aphrodisiac for her...she started licking immediacy and soon her tongue was as deep in Nick as it had been in Becca. Becca slurped and licked on Nick's cock and Susan tongued at his bum filling her face with his musky maleness.
Nick couldn't understand why he hadn't cum one hundred times already, but somehow the two women knew how to keep him on the edge, and they did. He could feel Susan's tongue filling him and tenderly licking and sniffing at him from behind and Becca's mouth licking at his cock head as she teased and teased him, did they want him to come? or was there another plan?...he was so close, so, so hard. He could smell the two dirty girls with their faces covered in bum stink and there squirt and pussy juices everywhere, he was about to cum when they both stopped.  
"I really need him Becca..." Susan moaned,
"I know you do baby." She said bursting into smiles as she helped Susan onto her back,
"I want you to love this." She said.
Becca took Nick's cock and smiled at him, they kissed and then she brought his cock down to Susan's open pussy. She was lying on her back and with her legs were as wide as she could comfortably go. Becca lined up Nick with Susan and then gave him a little spank on the bum as he slid his cock all the way in. Susan gasped and bucked at the thickness of Nick who was now at his fullest, Becca lay next to Susan sniffing at her under arms and rubbing her own clit and kissing Susan as she watched Nick's long cock filling Susan, filling her with what she needed.
Nick was so in love with Becca and now with this beautiful woman his cock was blessing, she was sucking on him with her lustful pussy and drawing him into her, deeper and deeper, the folds of her pussy so wet and sticky, as he breathed in the smelly juices of ass and vagina around him. He fucked her and fucked her, deeper and deeper, he could feel she was close, and he quickly grasped at her idle butt plug on the side and brought it down to all three lovers and they sniffed Susan's most intimate place and as all three of them came together. Nick kissing both mouths as he spurted rope after rope of hot cum into Susan and she in turn squired her juice back at him. Becca had come on her fingers the moment the scent of the butt plug has reached her. They stayed bucking and groaning for a while before they rested in beautiful unity, and dozed.
As they got up and put cloths on, they didn't speak. They didn't want to change anything. There was no embarrassment or shame, just smiles and hugs and kisses and sniffs. Nothing but that. They parted with a hug, knowing they would be seeing more of each other, knowing that this kind of love does exist no matter how it goes against what people think.
Susan was late, but she didn't care.