Hi! My name's Neeraj. I want tell you guys this funny incident that happened with my sweet little innocent sister Neha. I was 18 and Neha was 15 when it all started. Once I heard Neha yelling at mummy. I was in the bedroom shared by Neha and me. I stood hiding behind the door to find out why she was yelling at mummy. I overheard her crying to mummy that she is not a small girl anymore. It seemed she was insisting on mummy to buy her bra for her fresh little tits and mummy was telling her that she's too young and her breasts are too small for wearing bras. After quarrelling with mummy for a long time Neha walked angrily to our bedroom. I acted like I was doing my college studies.

Neha in her sweet innocence always shared all her secrets with me. That day she came and sat beside me very quietly. I told her that I had heard what happened with mummy outside. Like a mature brother I tried to make her understand that her breasts are not even 30 in size and bras are not manufactured below that size. She got very angry asking what she should do to make her breasts larger. I asked her why she is so desperate to wear bras. Immediately she revolted that she is a grown up big girl now and not a kid anymore. I felt like laughing at her innocence. Then she softly added that she had heard from her other girlfriends that guys are most easily attracted to females with good boobs and the sight of a bra. I asked her why she wanted to attract guys so much. She cutely said she wanted to have maximum attention from guys wherever she goes to make all other girls jealous.


I inspected her closely. She was wearing her usual light pink nighty. It was a short nightgown running little below her knees. It was quite thin so her panty was also visible. We used to sleep in the same bed but I had never got so attracted to her physically before. Her tiny tits were pretty appealing to me with the nipples poking through the thin material of nightgown. I took her to the bed and sat close to her. Then I encouraged her saying that I can help her become the hottest girl when she gets into college, but on once condition. She asked what condition. I said she should not tell anyone our secret and never to stop me from any action. She assured me that she has full faith in me as a big brother and that she knows whatever I do I will do for her good only. Then I explained to her that breasts take time to grow big. For some girls it grows big at an early age naturally. Otherwise a girl must be trained to exercise it.

She didn't understand. I explained to her in detail that just like I go for my heavy weight workouts to the gym to build my muscles, like that she should also be trained. She asked if she should join a gym. I told her that for building breasts there are no gyms. But I could train her properly. Neha was very excited and happy. She begged me to start right away. I said ok. I told her to immediately take off her nightgown and inspect her tits properly. She happily shed away the nightgown sitting in only her light pink panty with red hearts printed on it. She looked damn sexy in that position. I touched her tiny tits as if I was seriously inspecting them but I was enjoying the soft sensation of her tender nipples. Her tits were very small and still just sprouting to maturity. I gently massaged them with my warm hands occasionally pulling and twisting the nipples. She loved the sensation too. It had all started with the idea of only helping Neha develop her boobs.


In six months the result was pretty rewarding. Her boobs had actually grown to 32. Mummy had approved her to buy a couple bras (though mummy was wondering how she developed such shapely boobs so fast). Then Neha was so happy that she forced me to do it more and more because she wanted the balls to develop larger really fast. I too took great pleasure in ripening her juicy balls. She didn't realize that besides being her brother I'm like any other male getting sexually attracted to her feminine erotic body. I felt like having sex with her. She was 16 by then, still a minor. So I preferred waiting till she was of legal age. Meanwhile I didn't loose time on taking other pleasures like making her take off the panty as well and letting me inspect her in extreme detail right upto the pussy. Ever since I made her do that, her nature was also changing from the silly little girl to a mature passionate young lady.

We had got used to sleeping in bed fully naked caressing and cajoling each other every night. For two years we continued with our hot development program. Finally she was 18. By then her boobs had blown upto the awesome size of 36. Neha had all the attention of guys in her college and elsewhere leaving all other girls jealous. She was the hottest bombshell in her college and she was utterly thankful to me for that. But she had still not had sex with anyone. I gifted her two sets of imported satin and lace bra-panty almost transparent type, one wine color and other black set. Although these things had no value for me anymore. I had seen and felt her in explicit detail. The only thing pending was to have thorough sex with my sweet darling sister. Neha was so excited with the bra-panty sets I gifted her. She was remembering the day when she fought with mummy to buy the first bra in her life.


On the night of her 18th birthday she had taken her friends and me to a disco where we all got heavily drunk, including Neha. It was past midnight when we reached home. Our parents trusted me to take good care of Neha wherever she went so they did not stay awake for us when we returned. I waited long enough for this night with my bomb of a sister. She was wearing a black velvet t-shirt with a bright red mini skirt. As soon as we reached our room she was so exhausted after all the dancing at the disco that she just wanted to get out of the clothes and drop into bed. She was about to remove her clothes. I stopped her hands from doing so. I told her I wanted to personally undress her tonight. Suddenly there was a great look of achievement on her face on making the first man (that too her own brother) to come forward to admire her secret beauty and making her feel more like a woman. She was again thanking me away for all the intimate support through her growing years. I made it clear that thanking with words is not enough.

Her eyes opened up wondering what I meant. I clarified that I wanted to taste her body. She said "But Neeraj, you've always been sucking my tits and kissing my whole body all these years". I confessed that I wanted to fuck her. Her whole face blushed. She had turned into such an erotic babe but she yet hadn't had sex with anyone. She only said "Ok" and closed her eyes. After that there was no more conversation. Just pure sex as she was also desperately waiting to be seduced by a man even if it was her own brother. All these years I had mostly emphasized on kneading her boobs to increase them considerably to make her the bombshell she was today but like a good brother I had not seen her pussy or ass in detail. Today I wanted to eagerly explore her deepest secrets. Even when we were at the disco that night when everyone was busy dancing and no one was looking, I used to quickly pull up her mini skirt digging my fingers into her ass and pussy through the panty. Now she was standing slave to my ultimate desires. We were already pretty intoxicated with the several beers we had at the disco. She went and turned on some psychedelic music to lure me further. As the music filled the room she was again refreshed with a new energy as she looked forward desperately to have her first sexual experience. She was swinging her body in the most erotic fashion. I had never seen my little sister getting so seductive. I was bursting with passion to unveil her secrets.


I got up gripping her tightly in my arms, so tightly that she couldn't move at all. My arms had pressed hard against her plump boobs. Slowly my hands grazed down her belly catching hold of her t-shirt and pulling it up sensually. I slid the whole t-shirt smoothly off her silky body simultaneously kissing her bare back. I let my tongue roll down her spine licking every inch of the back reaching the skirt. My hands shifted to her thighs caressing them as my head pushed up the skirt biting on her hot juicy buttocks under the black transparent panty. After massaging her legs for some time, my hands opened the zip of her skirt. It dropped down immediately. Then my teeth tugged the panty slowly down her satin legs. Neha had terrific smooth and soft skin. Eventually she stood in only the bra which was the issue that ignited the sexual fire between her and me. I took her to the mirror and showed her what she looked like and asked her how she felt after the day she was asking mummy for the first bra. She told me she had achieved her goal. Then she elaborated that her goal was not just to wear a bra. She actually wanted to arouse me sexually. Because I was the only male she could trust to help her clarify her growing curiosity of sex. Now that her first trick of seducing a male was over, the bras had no more value. She impatiently took my hands upto her bra and urged me to release her balls from the suffocating bra.

I kissed her gently on the shoulders dragging each strap of the bra away from her shoulders while kneading passionately on the boobs. Unleashing the bra I let it fall to the ground. In the mirror I saw Neha's totally nude body. Her boobs stood up firmly, nipples shining in the soft bedroom light. Her pussy was very clean with not a single strand of hair on it. I put my head between her thighs carrying her on my shoulders to the bed. Before I put her down on the bed she turned herself from the back of my neck to my front side. Her pussy was right on top of my mouth. I slowly lowered her to the bed supporting her back with my hands as I licked the sweet pussy. Neha's nectar of love was flowing like a river from the pussy. Her pussy lips were very tight in excitement. I had to relax her till the tension in lower lips was eased. Caressing her pussy with my tongue intruding into its depths, I made her comfortable enough to allow the first entry of a dick into last moments of her virgin cunt. I kept the tip of my dick at the opening of her pussy and rubbed it several times to warm up. To avoid her from getting scared or interrupting, I held her hands high over the head in my iron grip paws.

Mouth was busy nibbling on her sweet tender nipples and chewing on the meaty balls, the fruits of my hard labor. She was so engrossed in passion that she didn't realize when my dick got inserted deep enough. I still felt I had not broken her virginity because at one point when I tried to push it deeper she was crying in pain. There was no stopping now. I just rubbed her whole body to stimulate her more. The heat in our bodies was tremendous. Instantly I hit hard into the deepest part of her pussy. She looked at me in surprise with wide eyes and mouth hanging loose. She couldn't believe her virginity was actually broken. She was so happy and excited. After that we fucked and fucked through the night. I had made it the most memorable birthday night of her life. We had great sex for the next few years until she got married to a guy chosen by our parents. She was quite happy with him too. But whenever she came to visit us, she and I never missed any opportunity to revive the never ending fire between us. In the following years she was mother of 3 children, 2 girls and one boy. Neha and I were not sure who was the father of which kid


