The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in which it is
legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or any
other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder, except
may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access, non-commercial archive sights.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

Please! Give me your comments.

This is the repost of a fifty-two chapter mind control, multi person romance. 

MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 32

Good Morning

In the basement dungeon, I rummaged through the toy box to find a few items I wanted and stuck
them in my pocket.  I kissed Cathy goodnight, not a lover's kiss but a brother's, one the cheek.
She had raised her head to mine but our bodies did not touch. There were tears in her eyes but not
anger. Mary waited as I locked the door to the dungeon, taking with me the only key. I heard
Cathy whisper a soft good night as the door latch clicked.  I hated what I had to do, but I had to do
it.  My sister, Cathy, was too dangerous to the rest of us to let her be free.  She was my prisoner,
with a steel collar around her neck attached to the wall.  She would remain my prisoner until I
found the formula and reprogrammed her. If I could not duplicate the formula, I did not know
what would happen.

Mary trudged along side me up the stairs.  She looked very tired, as if she could not take another
step. I was the opposite, exhilarated, energized.   I was ready for some long and wild sex.  And, I
was ready to complete my formula search, my "treasure hunt" as Uncle Bert laughingly called it,
those almost seven months ago when I first heard his message from the grave. 

A lot had happened in that time.  Now, I needed to do a lot in a short time. 

"Mary, set the alarm for six. Call Maria in Denver.  I want to meet with her no later than noon
today.  And, we need to talk to Andy.  I want no one going to the dungeon without me there."

"Yes, sir," she replied as we walked through the door to our bedroom.  

It was two in the morning.  Andy was sound asleep on one side of the bed.  Betty was in the
middle, curled in a little ball, asleep. I had told Mom to send Betty to my bed.   Obviously, she
had. I pulled back the sheets, took Betty's ankles in each hand and pulled her to the edge of the
bed.

"What? What?" she said, startled, as she tried to awaken. 

"Come on, sis.  Training time."

She put her head on my shoulder as I carried her into the living room and lay her in front of the
fireplace.  Its embers were almost gone but I threw on some more Aspen logs and soon had a great
fire going. Betty was sitting up, lazily scratching herself and yawning. 

"Why did you want me in your bed?" she asked, the words garbled by another yawn.

"Betty, I understand you do not like to suck cock or take it up the ass.  I am going to change that."

Instantly, she was wide awake, her eyes big, her face with that wild startled expression.

"Who told you that?"

She did not remember that she told me during dinner when we had our wide-open sex discussion.
She had been in a trance, programmed by me to be totally open and honest.  I had learned a lot
over that pleasant family dinner. 

"A little birdie told me," I replied.  

"Look, Davy. I am your sister. I don't want sex with you."

"Betty, do you prefer sirloin or tube steak?"

"It depends on the chef."

"Which does your pussy prefer?"

Her eyes glazed over and she was in her trance.  While the non family kittens were programmed
for sex only, the family kittens had been programmed by Uncle Bert so I could change the
programming.  I began to change Betty.

"Listen carefully to me. You are a wonderful, classy, self-confident, very happy and positive
woman.  You are also very sexy.  You are not a slut but you love to fuck.  You understand the
difference between sex and love.  You are discreet and careful but you love to fuck."

She was perfectly still, kneeling between my legs, knees together, holds folded and still in front of
her. This was my first time with significant programming of any kitten.  Naturally, I was concerned
about how the programming would be received but I believed things would go perfectly.

"Besides fucking, you love to suck cock.  You love the feel of a man's cock in your mouth, the
taste of his cum.  You love to swallow. It makes you orgasm to swallow a man's cum. You like to
be fucked in the ass. It makes you orgasm, too.  And, you like sex with women but only if your
man is there and he approves. You love pleasing your man by pleasuring another woman and you
will do it eagerly and happily.  If you man tells you to, you will have sex with other men.  You will
never have sex with another man without your man's permission. And, you will do anything else
he asks of you unless it would bring you harm. You love it all: fucking, sucking, ass fucking.  Do
you understand?"

"Yes, Davy."  Her voice was that dead trance sound.  Now the hard part.

"You will always be available for Dad and for me, always.  But, you will find a man, the right man
for you.  When it is the right man, you will fall in love just as if you were unprogrammed and you
will marry.  Then, you will be an excellent wife and bear his children.  You will be an excellent
mother. He will be your man.  Then, he will control your sexuality except for me. I can override
him and you will obey me rather than him.   Understand?"

"Yes, Davy."

"Betty!"  In calling her name, I broke the trance.  She shivered and stretched, looking very
surprised to see me there.  Then, she got a slutty look on her face. Slowly, she moved up until her
lips were opposite mine. 

"I want you," she whispered.

Neither Abby or Betty had the body Cathy did, but then Cathy was world class. But, they both had
something equally or more important.  Both were sweet, loving, kind, feminine women.  I planned
her programming to release her sexuality, to let her have more fun and enjoyment.  I hoped you
noticed I programmed her in a way I thought any man would appreciate, which should increase the
probability of a long, loving and happy marriage.  All right.  So, I did program her so I could
override her husband's wishes.  Part of that was for my own needs. But, a larger part was so I
could get her away from him for her own good, if need be.  

Now, I had Betty in my arms. She was hot and squirming against me, eager, happy and very, very
good.  I took her three ways. The ass fucking was painful for her but she orgasmed through her
tears.  When I was finished and she was exhausted, I gave her one of the toys I brought up from
the basement. 

"What is this?" she asked.

"A butt plug.  I want you to wear it all the time for the next few weeks to open your ass so being
fucked back there will not be so painful to you."

"Thank you, Davy. That is sweet of you."

She gasped and teared when I inserted the plug.  Then, I told her to go to bed and send Abby in. 
Betty's ass twitched in an unusual way as she walked away, the blue end of the plug plainly visible. 
In a few minutes, Abby came stumbling in and I started all over again, putting her in trance,
programming her and taking her three ways. When I sent Abby back to bed with her butt plug
firmly in place, it was six in the morning.  

I should say both of my sisters were delightful sex partners.  I realized all three of them had been
with me because of the programming.  For an instant, I was sad.  I would never know if they
would have come to me without it.  I guess that is something all brothers and sisters have to decide
for themselves.

As I went in to make coffee, exhaustion hit me like a hammer. I was leaning against the counter
trying not to fall asleep on the floor when I felt arms around me and hot breasts against my back.

"Good morning, sweetheart.  Guess who has had sixteen hours sleep and is ready to romp and
play?"  Andy's hands dropped to my cock and stroked it. As I turned to face her, she was licking
her fingers.

"Girly goo.  Who did you fuck while I was asleep?"

"Abby and Betty."  

"Oh, how wonderful.  I know they enjoyed their big brother finally taking them.  Still have
something left for me, I hope."

Something left?  There she was, rested, happy, eager, horny, delightful, sexy and oh, so loving. 
All she wanted was her man to lay her on her back and fuck her eyes out.  Andy.  My sweetheart.
My love.  The best looking and best fucking and most loving of all my kittens. Could I do it?  After
a long bitter session with Cathy which required tremendous energy and concentration, and four
hours with the twins, could I give her the fucking she was so sweetly requesting?

No.  I had power.  I never said I was Superman.

"Not now Andy.  I need some sleep."

"Please, sweetheart. Just a quickie."  She was staring up at my with those huge, blue eyes. Her
arms were around me, her breasts burned a hole in my chest. My cock did not move.  I told you I
was exhausted.

"Wake me at seven with a cup of very hot coffee.  Make sure it is hot this time," I said, referring to
a few days ago when I made her go back and reheat it. 

For an instant, something flashed across her face. Had I been more awake, I might have paid
attention to it.  Then, she smiled adoringly.

"Come on.  Let me help you to bed."  

I crashed in bed and was asleep in an instant. One of the advantages of the programming was I
needed less sleep than most people. I knew in an hour, I would be fine.  It was a short hour.  Andy
was standing by the bed, gently shaking me, with a mug of coffee in her hand.  I sat up, eyes still
closed.  I sipped.  The coffee was the perfect temperature.  I took a big gulp.

"Holy shit!" I yelled, spitting the coffee across the room. I heard a giggle and running footsteps as I
jumped out of bed to run to the bathroom. My mouth was on fire.   I jumped in the shower,
turned on the cold water and stood under the nozzle with my mouth open, flushing whatever it
was from my tender tissues. The cold water in Vail in December is cold. The side effect was I was
wide awake.  I wrapped a towel around me and headed for the kitchen, dripping ice water behind
me.

Still naked, she was standing by the stove whipping up a batch of waffles. Hearing me enter, she
turned to face me.  Her eyes were wide and big and innocent and devilish, all at the same time.

"Sweetheart, was your coffee hot enough?" she said.

"What did you do to my coffee?" I snarled advancing towards her menacingly.

"Why nothing.  I just made it hot for you. Didn't you like it?"  She started to ease away from me,
getting ready to escape. When I came around the table, she jumped to the other side, keeping it
between us. 

"What did you put in it?"

"Well, you said you wanted it hot."

"Andy, what did you put in my coffee."

Every movement of mine was mirrored by her to maximize the distance between us. 

"Sweetheart, you know I am just learning to cook and."

"You are damn good cook."

"So, well, Mom told me if you wanted something hot to put that stuff in it. See. There." She
pointed to the counter, to a small, square can.  I read the label.  "Cayenne pepper" it said.

"You put red pepper in my coffee?"

"It was hot, wasn't it?  Did I add too much? Just tell me how much you want, Davy.  You know
how obedient I am."  She was about to laugh.  Her face was red and bloated fighting it back. I
took a step towards her.  This time she made no move to get away but she giggled, then gasped
trying to speak again.

"Please, Davy.  You know I am not that smart.  See."  She held out her golden mane.  "Blonde. 
We blondes are fun but, well, sometimes we aren't so smart.  Are you going to punish me, Davy?" 

I leaped towards her, thinking she would move away, but she stepped towards me, ripped the
towel off me, and in one smooth, easy movement, wrapped her arms around my shoulders and her
legs around my waist. She jammed her mouth against mine in a powerful kiss as her pussy rubbed
against my cock. When she finally broke the kiss, she said huskily, "Why don't you punish me by
fucking me until I can't walk." 

Do I have to tell you? Well, maybe part of it.  First, you know what she looks like and you know
how eager she was and where her legs were. So, think about that part. Think about it for fifteen
minutes because that is how long I had been in her. 

I was ready to cum.  Andy had cum maybe seven or eight times. The whole kitchen smelled of sex
and sweat.  She was a sweater and I loved that about her.  She was on her back on the kitchen
table, legs up, knees to breasts, me between them, fucking for all I was worth.  I had programmed
her to be a little lady.

"Yes.  Yes, David.  Please, David.  Hurry. Your seed.  I want your seed."

I gave her my seed, moaning and grunting, nailing her to the table with my cock as she squealed. I
collapsed on her, resting.  It was then I noticed them.  All of them. Dad was leaning against the
counter gently stroking his cock through his pajama bottoms. Abby and Betty were standing
behind Mom and Mary, who were sitting at the table chairs drinking coffee.  All of them had been
watching us. How long they had been there I do not know. 

"Ummm," I said, clearing my throat.  I started to pull out but Andy locked her legs behind me and
pulled me tightly against her. 

"Good morning, everyone," she said brightly.

Later, as she and I were dressing and the others were fixing breakfast, I asked.  I just had to know. 

"Why is it you are very upset if someone sees you naked but being caught by them fucking did not
bother you?"

She gave me a sensual smile as she fastened the top button of her jeans.

"I thought you knew everything," she said.

"I don't know this."

She sidled up to me, put her arms around my neck and kissed me deeply.

"I am a woman, Davy. We are mysterious creatures.  You are not suppose to know everything
about us."  

I watched the delightful twitch of her ass as she walked away.  She was right.  I was not suppose to
know everything about them.  At least, that was my excuse. 

To be continued . . . 

Please! Give me your comments.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com

