The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in
which it is legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work. 
Reposting or any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of
the copyright holder, except may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access,
noncommercial archive sights.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

This is a repost of a fifty-two chapter mind control, multi person romance.

Please!  Give me your comments.
 
MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 26

Finishing the Assignment

On the morning of the twenty-sixth, I leant my Suburban to Mom and Dad, loaded them
and my sisters in it and waved goodbye to them.  They were going to spend a few days
at my Aspen house. 

Mary and Andy knew I had eight more women to fuck in Vail to complete my assignment
from Uncle Bert.  Only nonkittens counted.  As we discussed strategy, I wondered if
Uncle Bert's assignment of finding and fucking women was some sort of test, part of my
training or simply just his own wild, sexual nature at its best.  Remember, Uncle Bert did
not say I had to seduce them.  He just said I had to fuck them.  In Aspen, we had found a
sorority planning an orgy and joined in. 

I had all eight by midnight, four for money, two I swapped Mary for the wife or girlfriend,
two I seduced on my own.  Two of them were standouts.  The other six qualified for Uncle
Bert's criteria which is all I really expected or needed.  You know sex is not worthy of
writing about every time. Well, except with Andy and Mary or Eve or Cathy, but I think
you have the flavor of them.

The two standouts you need to hear about.

His name was George and he was an asshole. There really is no better way to describe
him.  A lawyer about forty-five, full of shit and himself, he fell into Mary's snare.  He
wanted Mary so badly he would have traded his law license.  

Her name was Alicia.  She was a twenty-six-year-old mother of a seven-year-old girl.
From listening to their heated conversation, I gathered they had discussed mate
swapping but had never actually done it.  Now, George was pushing it with all his
rhetorical skills.   Alicia argued someone needed to look after the daughter, an argument
which was swaying her husband to her point of view. Had I been nice, I would have kept
silent. Instead, I offered Andy as a babysitter. Her face crumbled as George leapt to
accept and renewed his onslaught to swap.  

Her face was a study in sorrow when she relented, agreeing to come with me to my
house while George and Mary went to another room together.  I could tell from Mary's face
she had something planned, but that was George's problem. 

Alicia was dressed in standard cold weather skiing garb: black ski pants with stirrups in
her faux-fur lined boots, a bright blue sweater of medium tightness, a ski parka in
multicolors, primarily blue and red, and a wool hat in red with a tam.  Her cheeks were
red and burned from the wind and the sun.  She wore blue gloves and a bright red
muffler. 

Alicia was pretty, with a flattish face, Slavic looking. Her hair was a deep blonde, or
maybe a honey brown, with hints of red. It came down her back almost to her waist.  Her
eyes were the blue-gray combination of a postal uniform, a most unusual color.  

I stepped aside, letting her enter the house first.  Without speaking, she declined the offer
of a drink and turned to let me remove her parka.  I took her hand to lead her into the
bedroom.  She stood looking at the huge bed.  I expected her to break into tears, but she
fought to control herself, taking a few deep breaths. 

"I am Ukrainian.  My husband married me only three years ago and brought me to this
country.  George is a good man.  He had provided well for me and my daughter.  He
loves me is his way and I love him in mine.  George expects me to be the perfect little
wife and I am." 

She turned to me, her eyes pleading. "Please, don't ask me to do this. I know he is with
your wife, but I, I have never been unfaithful."

"Are you also obedient to your husband?"

"Yes."

"He has told you to pleasure me."

She shook her head, not being able to comprehend why this man she called husband
had told her to have sex with another man. When I took her head in my head to raise her
eyes to mine, she flinched but did not pull away. 

"You must do this, Alicia.  Now, undress for me."

A tear formed.  A single tear, in her right eye, the liquid growing until it overflowed and
ran down her cheek.  She nodded, sat on the edge of the bed and pulled off her boots,
sitting them neatly together at the foot of the bed.  She continued undressing, removing
layer after layer.  When she got to her panties, she blushed, momentarily covering
herself before slipping the panties down her shapely legs.

"Please. Aren't you going to undress?"

I am a fast undresser.  As I stripped, I looked at her.  She had a lean body, small, high
breasts with smallish nipples. Her hips were firm and wide, good for bearing children.
Her bush was black and trimmed in a Mohawk, probably at George's request for bikini
wearing. Her stomach had a little Mound of Venus which I was aching to feel against me. 

We kissed, starting the tender exploration of each other's body.  My cock, hard now, was
trapped between her belly and mine as we stood together, my hands on her ass holding
her into me. 

"How do you like it?"

"What do you mean?" she replied, wide eyed.

"Do you want it fast or slow, rough or gentle?"

"I am the woman."   She acted confused, as if no man had ever considered her pleasure
before and that she could not believe one was asking now. I explained I wanted her to
have what she wanted.  For only an instant, her eyes flashed sexual desire, before the
look of sadness returned. 

"As you please," she said.  For the first time, she did not turn away from me as she
spoke.

What I pleased was to please her. I started by lifting her to the bed and laying her down,
spreading her long hair like hay beneath her.  Her expression was one of awe as I began
to kiss her breasts and stomach before working my way down between her legs.  

Alicia was a slow starter, laying there as if nothing more personal was happening than a
massage from an unknown masseuse.  By this time, a woman usually has some
response.  I was starting to think I had lost my touch when her quadriceps twitched and
she uttered a small moan.  It was like the first tiny tremor before an earthquake. She
moved now, scooting her ass on the bed to let her raise her pussy towards my mouth.  I
felt her shake and whimper. 

Slowly, I continued. "Please."  It was so soft I barely heard it. I kissed her belly, giving
little lip nibbles to the mound I was enjoying stroking. "No. No."  She babbled something
softly in a language I presumed was Ukranian.  I did not understand the words but I knew
what they meant. 

Picture this then.  A beautiful woman on her back, legs around you, you nestled between
them tantalizing her sweet wetness with tongue and lips.  Time had lost all meaning. No
other world exists except this world between her legs and the sights and smells and
sounds of a woman approaching her throes. Picture that and close your eyes.  

I had no desire to ever leave that picture.  I was lost in her sweetness, but she suddenly
had other ideas. She seized my hair and yanked hard, making me yell "ouch" as she
tried to pull me up her.  She babbled again in her native language, giving me an
exasperated look when I did not respond.

"Alicia, I don't understand."

"I want to fuck! Fuck me!" she snapped. 

"Let me do this."

"You American men! Too fast! Too slow! Never right!" 

She wrapped her legs around me like a vise, trying to draw me into her, her arms locked
around my shoulders.  An idea struck me.  I pried myself free, reaching for the restraints
always attached to that big bed. In a moment, her arms were tied to the headboard above
her head.  She stretched to look back, to see what was holding her. She twisted and
turned, jerking against the bondage.  I do not think see was trying to get away. She was
seeing how hard she could pull.

"Now, you said slowly," I teased. 

She screamed something at me.  

I took my time, teasing her to insanity.  Slowly I built her need, carrying her higher and
higher. She was delirious when I finally slipped into her and I do mean slip. She was
flowing.  She was wrenching and groaning, puffing and cursing as she came over and
over. She was magnificent.

Alicia was like Andy in one way. She was a screamer.  I think Andy was louder but Andy
had more lung power from being raised in the mountains.  Also, Andy screamed in
English.  I wondered if I could find a translator for the video. 

Alicia was totally relaxed, floating in her afterglow, as I folded her legs under my arms
and moved my cock to her ass hole. She twitched just a little as the felt my cock start to
move into her. She looked at me and smiled before her face contorted in pain and
pleasure.  She groaned as I forced myself all the way in her virgin nether hole. She came
again from me back there, continuing her loud pleadings in her native tongue.  I cleaned
my cock, untied her and put her on her knees. Greedily, she sucked my cock until I filled
her mouth.  She swallowed what she could but cum slid down her chin and coated her
lips.  She was so exhausted she lay down on the floor to sleep.  I lifted her back on the
bed and covered her over.

George was very surprised when he saw her like that, naked and well fucked, cum
stained with sweat crusting on her body. I was concerned he would be angry.  However,
he was very gentle, helping her dress and holding her arm as they left.  She was leaning
against him, letting him support her which he happily did.

"What did you do to him?" I asked Mary as we stood in the kitchen, having a beer
afterwards.

"Taught him how to please a woman.  You would think they would teach that in law
school," she said.  She was not smiling.  

The other standout was the last one of the day. Her name was Michelle. She was a
California girl, big, blonde haired, sunburned with her skin already having that leathery
outdoors texture. Michelle, like a few others each year, come skiing with no money,
planning to spend a day or two in jail for their crime.  On learning it would be several
months in jail, she pleaded with the innkeeper who called me.  

We arranged a monetary transaction. When she refused to let me take her second hole,
we sweetened the deal.  Double the money if she could make me come within thirty
minutes. If not, all three holes, same price. No, I did not tell her I could fuck for days
without cumming.  I don't bet unless it is a sure thing. 

I will say this for Michelle, she worked her ass off (pun intended) to keep me out of it.
Being programmed did have its good side.  When the timer went off, she collapsed in
frustration and exhaustion.  

What made her so special was she tried to renege on the deal. 

"Go to hell! I will go to the cops, you asshole!" she snarled, hands on hips. 

I subdued her.  She struggled and screamed but Mary and Andy helped me.  Michelle
ended up tied and gagged over a heavy foot stool, ass in the air.  I roughly greased her
back hole, then slammed in without any thought for her feelings.  Her ass spasmed
around my cock as it tried to expand to accept me.  Then, I ungagged her and fucked her
face, cumming on face and in her mouth.  She was sobbing as we untied her and sent
her on her way.

After I finished fucking her face, I stood up.  I was facing the big mirror which covered
almost all one wall.  I swear I saw the devil dog over my shoulder.  He was smiling.

To be continued . . . 

Please! Give me your comments.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com

  








