Seduction Of My Servant's Wife

This happened when I shifted to the small town of Bedangudi on a
vacation for a few months away from the pollution of the city. I
rented a house, away from the main town. It was two hours from the
market and the nearest house was 8 miles away. Fortunately the house
had no electricity or water problems. Thanks to the nearby dam
project.

The property dealer, Mr. Reddy assured me that he would arrange for a
servant for cleaning and cooking. I had a room vacant on the terrace
(a barsaati), which the servant could use. However there was only one
bathroom. So I would have to share it with the servant. I hated the
idea but I dreaded the thought of cooking and cleaning all by myself,
so I agreed. I was lying on the couch enjoying the pleasant view from
the window of the lush mountain peaks and the fresh breeze when there
was a knock on the door.

I opened the door and saw an old man in his late fifties, thin and
bony with a hunch. He introduced himself as Ramnayak. "Saabji , Reddy
Saab has sent me, you needed a servant for a few months". I looked at
him and decided mentally that no way am I going to hire this crock.
I told him rudely, thinking that it would discourage him ,"I cannot
pay more than 500 Rupees". His eyes shined. I realized that I had
quoted way more than he had expected.Cursing myself , I started
thinking of some excuse to get rid of him" But will you be able to do
all the work ?", I asked.


"Don't worry Saabji, me and my wife will do everything. We just need
a place to stay and two meals a day. You are kind enough to offer
some money too." "WIFE! Now there will be two hags to handle instead
of one. Great!". But to my utter surprise, as I opened the door a bit
more I saw a strikingly good looking woman standing in the corner,
looking innocently at me. She was wearing a pink cotton saree and a
black blouse. Though I could not see any naked flesh but my
experience told me that the saree was housing a great body. Of course
she was a bit old but my guess was not a day over 35 years.

My decision was made instantaneously. " Okay, okay, you can start
from today" I said condescendingly. "Thank you, thank you so much
Saabji, you will not be disappointed with our work." said the wife."
We shall keep you happy and take care of all your needs". I smiled
and said to myself "You better." I had decided then itself that I
shall definitely fuck her.

Well things started to get into a routine soon after that Ramnayak
would come at six thirty in the morning, take a bath and start to do
the cleaning his wife would come at 8.30 to prepare my morning tea
and breakfast, while Ramu would be sweeping the floor. The both would
wrap up cooking and cleaning by 12.30 and would go back to the
Barsaati. At about 2.00 in the afternoon after my lunch I used to nap
for a few hours. This was the time Prema , Ramu's wife would come for
her bath. Ramu always accompanied her. When Prema came out of the
bathroom she used to be only in her blouse and petticoat but since
Ramu was around I never dared to really come out of my room and look.
The couple would also come in the evening to serve my dinner but
would always leave together. So I never had a chance to make my move.
Just looking at her move through the house gave me a hard on. I tried
to be as discreet as possible especially when Ramu was also in the
same room. What really excited me was the shape of her butt through
the thin saree material when she used to wash the utensils over the
washbasin. I would make frequent visits to the kitchen when she was
working(on some pre text or the other). At times I even stroked my
dick a few times, when her back was to me. She of course was
oblivious to my attraction. This was really frustrating for me so I
resorted to my nice collection of porn to satiate my libido.

On one of my occasional trips to the Bazaar I got a whole crate of
beer. I had never heard of the brand but I was not being fussy. Beer
was beer and that to in a place like this. That night after Ramu and
Prema left I switched on some porn and opened the first bottle. The
women in the flick was getting butt fucked by some dude. When the
camera focused on her face I imagined it to be Prema. I masturbated
on that and went off to sleep.
The next day I noticed that the crate contained one beer bottle less.
I realized instantly that Ramu must have taken it. This got me
interested, so I didn't mention this to Ramu and acted as tough I had
not noticed the absence of the bottle. In the evening I made a trip
to the Bazaar and purchased a few rum and whisky bottles. The next
day the same story repeated but this time Ramu couldn't even make it
on time for the morning chores.

At 8.30 sharp Prema came in. She seemed to be a bit worried and
embarrassed. She told me that Ramu was not feeling well today so
she'll do all the work. I was elated, finally a chance to be alone
with this lush creature. My plan had worked, I had guessed correctly.
Ramu was an alcoholic. And it did dawn upon me that now I was coming
closer to fulfill my fantasy.
Prema went to the kitchen to pick up the broom. When she returned she
had tucked the Palloo of her saree in her petticoat exposing a bit of
her beautiful belly. Though I couldn't see her navel. I was sure that
she had actually tied her petticoat much below the navel. I tried my
best not to gawk at her bare belly but it was amazingly curvaceous
and smooth. My next aim was to see her navel and caress that belly
with my hands. But before that I had to ensure that Ramu was actually
asleep. So I went up to the barsaati and peeked in through the
window. Ramu was lying on the floor. His mouth open, snoring away to
glory. I could see the empty rum bottle by his side. Satisfied I came
down inside the house. Prema was still sweeping the floor. Her waist
was glistening with sweat making it sexier. In fact looking at her
made me so horny that I could fuck her there and then but I knew that
I had to be patient.

After a few hours had past I decided to make a move. I said "Prema,
just help me get a few clothes from the trunk in the loft"."Jee
Saabji"she replied. She came into the bedroom. I told her to climb on
the stool (which was really rickety).She climbed but expectantly was
not able to balance herself. On the pretext of balancing her I
quickly grabbed her waist with both my hands and said "now its okay,
I have you balanced just take out my shirts from the trunk". My face
was just at the same height as her waist. While she was opening the
trunk my hands caressed her belly. I was really enjoying the
sensation. I tried to peek at her navel but could not. I almost
kissed her belly, when she said "Are these the shirts??".

I was flabbergasted and replied "Yes,Yes". "Is that all?"she
asked. "Yes" I replied and let her down. After that she left for the
Barsaati, leaving me behind with a major hard on. I expected her to
come alone for the bath but unfortunately Ramu came along this time.
That evening I told Ramu that he could take as much liquor he wanted
from the bar.Prema was in the other room but I knew she could hear
us. The statement on his face was that of extreme gratitude. I
said "tomorrow I want you to gimme nice maalish okay." Definitely
Saabji"he said and then hesitantly he picked up two bottles of rum
and hurried out of the room. I smiled to myself -"this will keep him
asleep for some more hours". The next day expectedly Ramu did not
come but Prema was there at sharp 8.30 looking as embarrassed as the
previous day. I asked her in a harsh tone "Where is
Ramnayak ?"."Saabji, he is unwell today also", she replied softly
with her head down.

"That guy is a drunkard and a wastrel. Tell him if he cannot do his
daily work then I cannot keep the both of you here." I shouted at
her. She kept her head down and said "I'll do all his work too,
please do not throw us out, please!" "Okay then you better start
now", I said and let her in. I let her finish her work and then she
came back alone for her bath. I knew this was my chance. So I told
her "after you have had your bath just wake me up so that I can close
the main door". She nodded and proceeded to the bathroom. I lied down
on my bed waiting for her to finish. Ten minutes later she came out
and said " Saabji please close the door". I pretended to be asleep
but I could see her standing near the door in just her blouse and
petticoat. Her hair were still wet, her blouse was really low cut and
see through. Not only could I see a deep cleavage but also the taut
nipples. As expected her petticoat was tied below her navel
generously displaying her entire belly. As I still didn't respond she
came closer and shook my shoulder. As she was leaning to do so her
breast jiggled and my dick became harder.

I opened my eyes acting as though I had just got up from sleep and
said in a matter of fact tone, "Oh you are done with your bath, now
you can give me some Maalish". She recoiled back in shock and could
manage only a, ""Butttt, But!". Now I literally shouted at her and
said "Didn't you promise me that you'll do all the work. Well Ramu
promised to give me Maalish today since he is not there it is you
duty isn't it" Reluctantly She nodded back. Then said "Okay but let
me wear my saree and come". "No! You have to give a massage right
now. Otherwise the both of you can pack up and leave". She nodded
again this time she was almost trembling in fear. That did the trick.
I handed her the oil bottle and took off my shirt and pant. I was
only in my trunks now. I placed a towel on the bed and lied down on
my stomach. She said "Saabji please do not tell Ramu that I did this
otherwise he'll be very angry."

"Donot worry Prema, just give me a nice massage and this will remain
between the two of us.", I said soothingly. Next I felt Prema's soft
hands on my bare back. The feeling was exquisite. She squeezed my
neck, shoulders and thighs. Now I turned around and told her to
massage my chest and stomach too. Now I could see her while feeling
her hands all over me. Her low cut blouse revealed her ample cleavage
and through the thin material I could make out the taut brown
nipples. I felt like ripping the blouse off and taking those nipples
in my mouth. Even though I had tight bikini trunks on my dick was
standing out vertically underneath them. Prema glanced at my crotch,
her eyes widened in surprise but she ignored it and continued with
the massage. I could tell that she was very nervous. Her hands were
cold and shaky. She continued moving her hands over my torso. When
she reached my lower belly I grabbed her hand and guided it to my
crotch. Her hand was on top of my erect member. "Prema, just finish
the massage ", I said .

"Saabji, please let me go.Ramu would have woken up by now."she
pleaded, while she tried to free her hand. I pulled her wrist and
placed her hand in my underwear .Her hand was now touching my bare
dick. Suddenly she managed to pull her wrist out of my grip and ran
out of the room. I let her go, knowing that I'll get her another day.
I got up and closed the main entrance door. That evening Ramu and
Prema both came to serve my dinner but acted normally. I could make
out that Prema had not told Ramu about this incident. I reasoned that
as long as I kept Ramu happy with the alcohol he could not really
standup against me also he would only blame Prema and she would face
his beating in case she told him about this incident hence she'll
keep quiet. I was in a win-win situation. But I knew that Prema would
not keep quiet for long so I had to dispose off Ramu in order to fuck
Prema.

My problem was solved when Mr. Reddy rang up and asked for a
favor."Could you please lend Ramu's services for a week, I have a
wedding at home and need a servant to help out in the chores.". This
was music to my ears, but playing it cool I replied "but then who'll
do my work for the week?" "Aarey, bhai, his wife is there naa, she'll
handle the whole household while Ramu is gone but please send Ramu
immediately." Reddy replied."There is no problem on my end then but
speak to Ramu himself.""Ramu speak to Reddy saab he wants you to be
in Town for the whole week, for his niece's wedding", I handed the
phone to him and put the phone on Speaker mode."Ramu you come here
within the next two hours, if you work hard this week, I'll see to it
that you are properly reimbursed, aacha!Prema can look after Saabji
for the week." Reddy spoke convincingly. Ramu looked at me, I
nodded. "Reddyji I shall be there by 10 o'clock", He said and put the
phone down. It was 7.30 then." Another half an hour, before he has to
leave", I thought.

Prema was standing outside listening to the whole conversation. When
Ramu went out of the room I could hear Prema arguing with Ramu not to
go but Ramu reasoned with her that Reddyji had called him and he had
to leave. She insisted on accompanying him in that case." But who'll
look after Saabji ?", he reasoned. For this Prema had no reply. Ramu
went upstairs to pack his luggage while Prema continued to serve me
hot Chappatis. I did not make any move on her knowing that I had the
whole week to screw her crazy. Ramu left at 8.00 o'clock sharp. Now I
was alone in the house with Prema. I could fuck her for the entire
week.Prema had just finished her work and left for the barsaati. At
ten I received a call from Ramu confirming that he had reached
Reddyji's house. He wanted to speak to Prema, I told him to hold on
and headed for the barsaati.It had started to rain heavily and I
almost got drenched reaching upstairs. The lights of the barsaati
were off, I pushed at the door and to my great disappointment it was
latched from inside. I peeked through the window to see Prema lying
on the floor asleep. Her saree pallo had come off and her breasts
ensconced in her blouse were gently moving up and down in rhythm with
her breathing. Her flat belly and deep navel was also following the
same rhythm.

I knocked on the door several times before she could open the door
apparently she was a deep sleeper. I told her about Ramu's call. She
accompanied me downstairs. I was standing behind her when she picked
up the receiver, while she was talking to Ramu, I couldn't keep my
eyes off her buttocks which were accentuated by the soaking saree
clinging on to them. As she put down the phone I pressed myself
against her. With one hand I caressed her belly and the other cupped
her breast, while my crotch pressed against her buttocks. She almost
screamed. She tried to wriggle herself out of my grip and managed to
turn around.

"I have to go now, please let me go", she said in a shaky voice. "But
you have to finish massaging me, you left it midway in the
afternoon", I said with a grin. "If you finish the massage I'll let
you go" "Oh God!okkkayy", she replied stammeringly.
I took off my clothes(except for my trunks) and lied back on my bed.
Prema poured some oil in her palms and sat next to me. I switched on
a porno flick on the VCR with the remote as Prema started rubbing the
oil over my chest. She turned and looked at the screen and
exclaimed "cheecheecheeee!". She turned her head back and continued
with her massage, trying desperately to avoid looking at the screen.
I increased the volume and the moanings of the woman getting fucked
in the flick were resonating in the room. Prema looked uneasy but was
forced to comply to my wishes.

This time again when she was almost done she tried t o get up and
leave. But I grabbed her hand and pulled her down guiding her hand on
my bulging crotch. "You have to finish the massage first", I
said. "Just rub it a bit and then you can go", I said as though it
was a small job and she should just finish it up. "Jee Saabji"she
replied meekly. I guided her hand into my trunks and made her hold my
dick. Prema was breathing hard as she started to move her hand up and
down my cock. It was heavenly.

"Good, very good, just a bit faster", I said. Then I got greedy and
tried to kiss her on her neck. Before I could even do so, she sprang
up and tried to bolt. This time I wasn't going to let her go. I shot
up and caught her by the shoulders.I grabbed both her wrist and
pushed them to her sides. Then I drove her to my bed throwing her on
it. Her Palloo had come off and her heaving bosom with the generous
cleavage showing made her look as sexy as ever. "I am going to fuck
you like you've never been fucked before. I am going to fuck you so
hard that you'll cry for more. So stop fighting it. And now there is
no Ramu to interrupt us", I said as I removed my trunks.

My dick sprang out, standing like a flag pole. She looked at it with
shock. "Please. Phleeease Saabji let me go, I'll do anything you say,
just let me go. "she pleaded but I was insatiable. I pounced on her
grabbed the hems of her blouse and ripped it off. Her breast toppled
out and I grabbed them in my mouth like a starving man. I took each
nipple and bit it hard. Prema screamed "what are you doing? This is
wrong, let me go, for godsake stop, please,pleeeeasse.I am a married
woman, I shall not be able to show my face to my husband.Don't do
this Saabjiiii" No, noooh, oh god! Noooooooh" she moaned as I licked
her nipples to hardness. Her protests were making me hornier.

I hungrily kissed her face, lips, neck down to her cleavage while she
was fruitlessly trying to push me off. She had flawlessly smooth dark
skin. Her stomach was fleshy yet taut and very curvaceous. It
reminded me of the photo of the actress Suman Ranganathan, in a bra
and Sarong petticoat, showing her smooth belly and navel, which I had
downloaded from the net. I had masturbated on it several times and
here I had the real thing. I started kissing and licking her belly
and when I reached her deep navel , I darted my tongue in and out of
it. Prema gasped"Aaah,aaaaah,uuuuaaaaaanh", when I did this and I
realized that she had started enjoying it. I continued my tongue
treks into her navel but then proceeded further down. I opened her
petticoat knot , pulled it down and kissed her on her lower belly
just above her pubic hair.

"Aaaaah, this is soooooo wrong unnngh so goood, soooo goooooood ",
she moaned as her emotions and body conflicted.
Then I proceeded further down to her pussy. She had given up
resistance and was now fondling my hair and stroking my face.
Then I dug my tongue into her pussy and twirled it around her
clitoris. She gasped in ecstasy."Aaaaaaaaaah,aaaaaaah, Saaaaaaaabji
what are you doing to meeeeeeeee!!!!!", and then she orgasmed. Her
whole body shook in a huge spasm and then was still. I repeated this
and she orgasmed again. Her body was now slick with sweat.I knew her
weakness know, I literally dug my face into her pussy licking all her
cum. Prema hands were pushing my face into her pussy. She was
breathing hard "pleeease huuuuhhhh do it once more, pleeease, I beg
you Saaaaabji". I once again twirled her clit with my tongue but
stopped abruptly. Lifting my head up, "Do you want it Prema ??", I
asked tauntingly.


"Yes, pleeeeeease yes" she said in a desperate tone as she was
agonizingly close to her third orgasm. "You want me to fuck you hard,
don't you?", I taunted further. "YES,PLEASE FINISH THIS, FOR HEAVEN
SAKE PLEEEASE, DO IT", Prema screamed, while trying to catch her
breath. "So, I am not raping you, am I ?",I pestered further. "No! I
want you, I want you NOW !!!", she screamed again, there was an
impending urgency in her voice. I did not disappoint her, I licked
and sucked her pussy. While tonguing her clit, I almost chewed it.
This got her to her third orgasm. Cum was dripping from her pussy
like a faucet. I finally lifted my face from her pussy and looked up
at her. Her sexy face was in throes of pleasure. Now I was going to
fuck this lush creature straight and hard. I held my penis and shoved
it into her cum soaked pussy. Her pussy was really tight, at first
only half of my dick went in, then I shoved the rest of it. She
squealed "Oh No! ". I placed both her legs over my shoulders and
caught hold of her silk smooth thighs.
And then I started shoving my dick in and out of her pussy. Slamming
and banging her in a frenzy. The feel of her tight pussy engulfing my
erect cock was simply delightful. I was pounding her hard with my 7
incher.

Her hands were clutching the headboard of the bed as I picked up
speed and rhythm. I bent down to her breasts and caught one of her
brown nipples between my teeth and bit it hard. She screamed in pain
and pleasure. Then I gave the same treatment to her other nipple. Her
face was red and her eyes were watering. Her huge breasts were
jiggling up and down She was in a state of delirium by now."Fuuuuuck
meeeeeee haaaaaaarder..harderhaaaaaaaaaaardehhhhh", was all she
could manage before she was rocked by an orgasm. Prema's cum soaked
the entire bedsheet of my bed.

"Now you have to put my penis in your mouth and suck it", I said as I
pulled her by her hair and brought her head to my penis. She looked
at it with apprehension, I did not waste time and pushed my dick in
her mouth, she almost gagged but accommodated all 7 inches in. Then I
moved her head back and forth to get her started. She soon caught on
and dutifully sucked the entire length. I was in seventh heaven. I
took my dick out and told her to lick the head and eye of the shaft.
She did so and I could not hold it any further. Jets of my jism
spurted on her face. She lay down on the bed as I spurted more gobs
of semen on her breasts and stomach. Finally when I was spent.
Exhausted I lay on top of her and dozed off.

When I woke up it was late in the morning. I noticed Prema standing
at the edge of the bed tucking the folds of her saree in her
petticoat. She was wearing the torn remains of her blouse and the
saree was tucked below her navel. She had tied back her hair in a
bun. She looked so sexy that I was erect again As she glanced at me I
could see guilt written all over her face. She was now thinking of
Ramu. She was not aware of the fact that I had a movie camera on,
which recorded the entire fuck session. Of course I would be editing
her initial resistance part of it. This made me smile.
Prema looked at me and spoke in an earnest tone, "Saabji, please
forget about last night that was a big mistake by me. I beg you not
to mention about it to Ramu."


"Oh. Prema, why do you worry the secret is safe between us", I said
as I got up and gently caressed her shoulders. My hands moved down to
her breasts and just as I had started to fondle them, when she
flinched back. "No, this is wrong we should not do repeat what
happened last night" Prema retorted. This really pissed me off this
bitch was acting pricey now. "Oh Reeeaaallly", I said
sarcastically. "Then I suppose I should just rape you. Isn't it
so ??", I started moving towards her, as she was backing away from
me. she looked scared. She turned around and tried to run. But I
caught her by her waist and pinned her down in the hallway. I pushed
her till she was lying flat on her stomach. I lifted her petticoat
and shoved my dick in her anus. She screamed out loud. Without any
lubrication it would have hurt her. It was really tight and I had to
slowly push the rest of it all the way in. Once in I started moving
it back and forth and by the tenth-fifteenth stroke I had picked up
speed and was pumping her. Prema had started enjoying this too, she
was moaning loudly. All her resistance and sense of guilt had
disappeared. She had raised herself and was now on all fours. I
kneaded her belly with my palms and occasionally pinched her nipples
as I fucked her doggy-style. I orgasmed and made her orgasm by
rubbing her clit with my fingers. After that I showed her the entire
recording of last nights session. She was shocked and embarrassed. I
warned her if she ever went against me I would show the tape to Ramu.
It had the desired effect she was totally compliant after that. I
fucked Prema in almost all positions in each nook and corner of the
house  the bathroom, the hallway, the barsaati and even on the open
terrace.

After a week Ramu came back, but that did not stop me, I continued
fucking Prema. I would call her downstairs on the pretext of some
chore and fuck her silly. I kept Ramu intoxicated and senseless all
this while. I presented him with a crate of whisky and he went on a
binge. He was totally unaware of what was going on. Sometimes she
would gimme a blow job while Ramu was bathing in the adjacent
bathroom. I kept Prema happy not only with the multiple orgasms but
also by giving her some extra money. I told her to purchase some
chiffon sarees. I loved to fuck her when she was wearing one as she
reminded me of Sreedevi, in the movie Chandini. Prema confided that
she had had only straight sex with Ramu. The oral and anal sex was
totally new to her.

This continued for a month, till I got Ramu to start working on a
permanent basis with Mr. Reddy, while Prema stayed back with me. Once
I even chatted with Ramu on the phone while I was fucking Prema. He
had called to enquire about her and talk to her. "She is really full
with work load right now, maybe you should call up later", I said and
put the phone down. Things were going great when suddenly Ramu's
mother, staying in the village, expired and his and Prema's eighteen
year old daughter, staying with her grandmother had to move to
Bedangudi and stay with us. Kamla, Prema's daughter was exquisitely
beautiful. She was as attractive as her mom but had even more sex
appeal than Prema. Off late I was getting bored of her and the day
Kamla knocked on my door I knew I was going to fuck her

