Mom got fucked

By: tarun


I am Tarun from Agra writing my story. I am studying my B.tech in Agra.
I am the only son to my parents. My dad is posted in some city other
than Agra so I and my mom live alone in Agra. My father earns enough
money to go through our lives normally with the money he gave. My mother
is a housewife. I love my Mom as every son would love. She used to dress
as she is a girl. Relatives often have their eyes on her due to her
dress style. She used to keep the sindoor regularly and flowers when she
wanted.

Now I will say about my Mom. Her name is Falguni she is 40 but looks
likes 32-33 and a damn sexy housewife. Her figure is 38-32-36 what a
figure you imagine, and fair in complexion. Her hair is black in color
and length just above her butts. She used to wear sarees, short Punjabi
suits which reveal her body so much so any one can measure her assets.
She used to take care of all the house hold activities. She used to
clear doubts in subjects. She used to take me to movies and shopping.
She loved me a lot as I am the only son for her. She never showed her
anger on me. She used to behave normally with me.

I have completed my B.E 3rd year exams and I have one month holidays. I
get bored at home during the day time. Even my friends left for their
places to see their parents. So I told about his to my mother. So she
called my massi's son (Rahul) who lives in Patiala n about 2 yrs older
then me and have a very strong body so, then we started to go to movies
and go to internet and spend lot of time at the net, nearly 2 to 3 hours
daily. We started to see all the sites about movies, education etc. One
day he told this site (www.indiansexstories.net). We clicked one of the
stories and started reading and this became my routine from then on. I
used to read all the stories in all the categories including incest
category in which their are stories about mom fucked by their sons and
lots of other stories and suddenly I felt that Rahul talks lots about my
mother noticed he see her in some other way he also asked me indirectly
many times that is my mother seems sexy to me.

I started to stay at home most of the time to keep an eye on his
activities. it was obvious that he did not want me to know that he
wanted to fuck her is also true that after reading all that stories I
also has a eye on my mother?s body. One day he asked my Mom that one of
his friends owned a summerhouse at a beautiful hilly resort, just at a
few hours drive from our home. Why shouldn't we go for a few days to
there? Every body agreed including me as I had started to feel erotic
about my Mom but we had to make plans for the next evening as mom had
some work in the morning.

Mom completed her tasks and informed my father at office about our trip,
who allowed us to go, So after collecting the warm clothes we set for
our trip at six pm. It was started to get dark but the mountains were
looking very romantic to me. It took two and a half hours to reach at
there. During the travel Rahul was telling us the jokes all the way and
my mom really participated with him. I then realized how my Mom was
excited about them and too much happy. I decided to let them give a
chance to enjoy. I even started to enjoy their company too and leaving
my arrogant behavior behind and joined them. When we reached our
destination I observed the house was newly constructed and was quite
isolated. It was constructed up on the hill and the only approach to the
house was a staircase had 25-30 steps. It was right in the middle of a
very bushy area with lots of trees. Mom was looking quite sexy in her
fitted see through, blue short Punjabi Shalwar and Qameez, showing her
large breasts prominently.

Suddenly it started raining very heavily and getting too much cold when
we reached there. We climbed up the stairs very speedily to get into the
Veranda but due to the heavy rain we almost got drench. My Mom's dress
seemed to be disappeared and clenching with her skin. Her brassier and
her belly button could easily been seen through. She was giving a
complete wet and erotic look in that posture. Rahul feasted his eyes and
my mom pleasurably displayed and allowed them to enjoy. Rahul suddenly
whispered in to my ear "isn?t your mom is 2 sexy to be a mother". Soon
she realized my presence and put her arms around her large breasts
pretended to shiver in cold. Rahul immediately unlocked the door to get
us in.

The house had two bedrooms, a lounge and a kitchen. We put our handbags
in the bedroom and selected one for mom and me and one for Rahul. After
drying us out, we arranged an umbrella and approached the car as we all
were feeling hungry so went for the dinner to the bazaar after settling
down. We sat around the wood fire to keep us warm in the living room as
it was getting colder. Rahul put on the stereo he had brought along. The
atmosphere was very friendly. Then I went to my room and brought a
bottle of Wine, as my mom knows that I am an occasional drinker.

Everybody showed no objection and allowed him to enjoy. I started to
drink and then Rahul invited mom for a dance. Mom looked at me once
hesitantly and getting a gentle smile from me she moved on to Rahul arms
for a dance. I watched Rahul moving his hand on mom back and
occasionally touching her butt. I saw Mom loved it but was aware of my
presence.

I then gone to side table, prepared a couple of soft drinks a little
whisky for mom and Rahul. After half an hour my mom enjoying dancing in
both of their arms. Now my mom is too in some good enjoyment. Was too
touching her butts freely, enjoying with my hot mom. I saw Rahul was now
rubbing his body with my mom very freely and she was enjoying too. I
also joined them and coming on Mom's backside he started to press his
body too. Then he put his arms around my Mom and started to squeeze her
breasts. She threw her head on my shoulder and put her arms around my
neck. Mom gave a naughty smile and then turned her face towards me.
Rahul had already begun to kiss mom. Mom was also participating freely
by that time. I pulled her Qameez off leaving her in her blue sleeveless
thin and short slip and Shalwar. Rahul continued to kiss mom all over
her body, while I removed mom slip. Mom was looking very sexy just in
her lingerie. Her breasts were growing inside her bra. We both removed
their underwear and revealed our cocks. They were really hard and
enormous, standing like a pole. Then Rahul removed mom's bra and
panties. It seemed mom had freshly shaved her pussy and kept it ready
for us. Rahul carried mom to the wooden table right in the middle of the
room.

Mom said erotically, "I was waiting for you both for so long".
Rahul kept on kissing mom more deeply. I sucked her right breasts and
played with the other one. Mom's nipples were looking really amazing
erect and firm. I was squeezing her breasts as if he was squeezing a
water balloon. Then Rahul started sharing sucking my Mom's gigantic
breasts also. Both of us were planting some deep kisses all over mom's
white milky breasts. Occasionally we would finger fuck her. Mom was
giving out light moans "aaah ooooaahhhhhh".

Mom took both of ours cocks in her hands and started pushing its skin up
and down. My Mom was completely naked then, with her legs spread wide.
Rahul quickly knelt between her legs and started to run his tongue over
the folds of her bare pussy while I near the table and fed his throbbing
erection into Mom's open mouth. To my surprise Mom took in the entire
cock. It was a really hot sight watching mom's breasts jiggle around.
I noticed Mom felt a tingle as Rahul?s tongue came into contact with her
clit and involuntarily spread her thigh's wider apart, giving her lover
better access to her vagina. She moaned deeply around the cock in her
mouth and felt it twitch with the sudden vibration. She had, at first,
wanted this to be over quickly, but now felt again that strong urge to
please the men she was servicing. Rahul?s tongue on her pussy was
wonderful, and she knew she was creeping closer and closer towards
orgasm. As she felt herself tipping over the edge of climax, she
swallowed mine cock down to the root and groaned with satisfaction. She
felt wave after wave of pleasure waft over her body as her toes curled
and her legs trembled and was rewarded with a gush of excitement from my
cock as I orgasm into her mouth.

My emotions were in turmoil. I knew that I should be shocked; should be
angry and jealous, but all I felt at present was a growing excitement at
fucking my Mom's mouth and lick her smooth cunt. As I withdraw from her
mouth with cum dripping from Mom's lips, I could see Rahul?s cock
twitching between his legs and wondered what would happen next.

"Shit, Tarun," said Rahul as he rose from between my Mom's open legs.
"Look, man, your cum's running down her chin!"

"Yeah, doesn?t she look cute like that?" I replied with a grin.

"Come on then Rahul, I suppose you want me to suck you off as well?"
said Mom.

"No way, baby! I want some of this here!" replied Rahul as he pushed
three fingers into Mom's soaked and open pussy. Mom gasped at the
intrusion to her body. She couldn't help herself, and as Rahul?s fingers
rubbed over her swollen clit, her body shook as another orgasm swept
over her.

"Jeez, Rahul she?s so wet now. Go on, do her now! Fuck that tight little
pussy of hers we always wanted!"

Rahul was already standing between Mom's legs. With his hands under her
firm buttocks he pulled her roughly towards him, lined up his cock with
her open hole and pushed him fully inside. My Mom gasped again as she
felt him slide into her wet channel up to the hilt. Her eyes were tight
shut as Rahul began to fuck her with long frantic strokes. I started to
squeeze her huge tits, as her pussy took a vicious pounding.

"Aaaaaahhhhhaaaa aaaaaa ahhaahahahahaahah."

Mom left sucking my dick and was saying" Oh yes. . . . Take me,
Hhhaaaaannnn aur dalo ... aur zor se (Yes, Fuck me harder...Harder). I
love u fucking me. Deeeeeeeeeeeeeeppppperrrrr."

I waited patiently as Rahul fucked my mom. After the fifteen minutes of
hot and furious
fucking, Rahul ejaculated his load in moms. It was my turn to fuck mom I
gave her a minute or two to recover, and then said, "I'm going to fuck
you now, you my horny bitch mom, is that what you always wanted?"

Mom moaned and said, "Oh yeah please!"

I ordered Mom to get on her hands and knees. I liked it doggy style, and
so did she. We were right in front of Rahul, whose cock was rock hard
again and eyes were wide open. Mom getting fucked by her handsome son
and his cousin. I started to enter her, and my cock was so thick and
long, I had to go in very slowly. It was so tight. I kept at it though,
and soon was deep inside her. It felt amazing! I slowly started fucking
her, and each push felt like she would be split in two. The sight of
that big cock going in and out of Mom's tight brown pink pussy was
amazing. Rahul was moaning again. I started talking really dirty to her,
something she loved. "I always knew you are one hot bitch, oh mom your
cunt is so tight. Do you like that big cock, you slut? Ohh, take it,
baby, fuck it."

She started talking back "Oh fuck me my son that feels so good Oh God!"

Soon we both had explosive orgasm together, she came so hard around my
huge cock, and I thought she was going to pass out. My cock just
exploded inside my mother's tight cunt, and afterwards I held onto her
tight, and we both were just feeling the intense pleasure. Then I rolled
over and she hugged him, while Rahul watched. After we recovered for a
few minutes, My Mother smiled at Rahul, took his cock in her mouth and
in her long nailed hand and started to pump it up and down. She told him
he could jerk off on her. As she started to blow him off and bent
forward, her pussy got exposed for my view. I saw the heavy cum was
oozing out of her slit and dripping her healthy thighs. I came in a
couple of minutes; I was so hot and frustrated from watching my hot mom
getting fucked doggy style by me n my cousin. Rahul came all over my
mom's tits and body, and then she asked him to get a washcloth and clean
up his mess. He did, and then helped her to the bedroom. As I saw them
approaching the room. Rahul hugged my mom and left the room then only
mom and I were left in the room.

She then came to my bed kissed me and said," son, I hope you'll keep
this secret of us. I couldn't control myself so I hope you will be my
best friend for my further fucks"
I looked at her and said, "OK Mom, If you be my best friend then I'll be
with u."
She then immediately turned her face towards me and said as she winked
her eye, "I can see that my young friend has enjoyed a lot. And I think
we'll enjoy a lot in the next coming days of our stay here??. Then next
morning my cousin gone back 2 his place n me n mom were feeling bored, I
asked her for disco. She agreed. I insisted her to come and asked her to
wear some revealing dress, Mom was really beautiful with the dress she
wore, her back is completely bare till her butts and hands are
sleeveless. The dress she wore was a tight fit. The size of her breasts
is making every one mad. Her butts are moving for every of her step. The
color of her dress is golden color and its length is down to her feet .I
was wearing a blue jeans and white shirt. She opened the door and came
out. I kept my hand around her waist and kissed her next to her lips.
She said you are very handsome and patted me on the chest. She asked me
whether the disco will be open at 5pm. I said I want to spend some time
with you at the beach and then we can go to disco. After walking for
some distance she stopped at one point and watching the waves. She moved
her hair towards the front. Her back was completely naked up to her butts.

As it was a tight dress every thing was very sexy. Her butts are amazing
to see from back. I went behind her and kept one hand around her waist
and kissed her on the shoulder. I said every one in the disco will die
to dance with you. She smiled for my words. We spend 2 hours at the
beach and went to disco at 7.30pm. As mom is coming for the first time
it was a strange place for her. Every one in the disco are watching mom
as she was looking very sexy. Some of them asked to dance with them but
she didn?t. After some time I and mom are dancing. The atmosphere in the
disco is very hot as every one are doing some thing with their girl
friends. Mom was watching every one of them. After 1 hour mom asked me
to take her home. On the way I asked mom how is the disco. She said
nice. I said do you want to come again. She said next Sunday. I said ok.
We also had our dinner at a restaurant on the way to home. As soon as we
reached home we got down of the car. We went inside the house and closed
the door; she hugged me tightly by keeping her hands around my waist. I
too hugged her and said I Love You Mom. She said I love you as a son and
also as a man.

We parted from our hug and she lifted her head and kissed me on the
lips. I responded to her and she continued to kiss me. Our tongues
touched and tasted our saliva. Then I started to kiss her neck and came
down her beauties. I pushed her on the bed and turned her back. I moved
her hair aside and kissed every inch of her back. I moved towards her
butts and kissed them. I kissed all over her body including finger
nails. She pulled me on her and pushed me on her side and started to
kiss me. She started kissing me from my forehead. She kissed me allover
my body. She kissed me on navel button and sucked it. She even kissed
the below region of my navel button. What a pleasure to say when she
kisses her below my navel button. She moved her hand on my pennies which
are trying hard to come out of the jeans pant. She removed my belt and
removed my jeans pant and thrower them on the floor. I was in my white
underwear before my beautiful mom. She was standing in front of me. I
stood up to remove her dress.

There a mirror in front of her. There was only one hook at her back near
the butt which will hold her dress. I removed the hook and kissed her
above her butts. I pulled the cloth that was wrapped around her
shoulders. I was looking at her when I was removing her dress. I removed
her dress completely and was in her underwear before me. I removed her
underwear and kissed on the cunt region. She too removed my underwear
and smiled at me. I pushed her on the bed and went on top of her. She
widened her legs and asked to fuck her. I said I want to suck it first
and then fuck it. I started to suck her from her breasts. I was going
hard at it. Mom said to go slow and I said ok and went down to her cunt
to suck it and she started to moan. After some time I guided my penis
towards her cunt. I inserted it into her cunt and moved in rhythm. After
15 minutes I cum in her and fell on top of her. I opened my eyes after
30 minutes and mom smiled looking at me. I pulled her closer to me and
kissed her on lips. She said I love you and want to make love to you. I
too said the same and slept together.

Next morning when I woke up at 9am I could hear the water sound from the
bathroom. I thought mom was taking bath. So I went to other bathroom to
brush my teeth. By the time I came back she was drying her hair with a
hair dryer. She was wearing a dress which absorbs all the wet on her
body and which will be ties with 2 ropes at the front. I went near and
hugged her from behind. Mom turned her head and kissed me on the lips.
My hands moved towards her breasts and started to press them.

Mom kept her hair dryer down and kept her hands on my hands which are
pressing her breasts. I pressed them for some time and placed one hand
on her cunt and started to rub it. I moved my hands towards the knot of
the dress to remove it. I removed the knot and the dress fell down from
her beautiful body. She turned towards me and I lifted her and placed
her on the bed and made love with her for 1 hour. I woke up at 1pm in
the afternoon. After that day mom and I make love several times and mom
became my best fucker. Catch me on my email id malini_sethi5@yahoo.co.in
we can share our exp there. hope 2 get some mails.


* Tell us how you liked this story* *( 1 is worst - 5 is best)*

* * *

				
*1* 	*2* 	*3* 	*4* 	*5*

*
Story viewed: *10179* times
Find more submissions from this author, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/search.php?id=6245>
Tell a friend about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/send_page.php?id=6245>
Post/Read comments about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/comments.html?id=6245>

