Story: Reform school creampie

Inmate 320 entered Headmistress Katherine's office at 8 PM.  The escort 
had been sent to get him and bring him there.  He was naked, except for 
the appliance which all male inmates wore - a cock cage.  With hands 
bound behind him, he had an anxious expression on his face.  He had 
never been summoned to the Headmistress' office in the evening, and 
wondered if he was in trouble.

He saw another unexpected sight.  An attractive woman was seated on the 
examination table which was in the Headmistress' office.  She looked up 
at him and smiled.  Her long wavy reddish hair nicely rested on her 
white blouse.  Her short black skirt showed off her attractive bare 
legs, and her black high-top shoes gave her a sensuously slutty look.

"I had you come here," Katherine said, "because your good behavior has 
been noticed.  I want to give you a very special reward.  I can't leave 
you alone with her, but you can still have some fun."  Katherine stood 
up and walked to the examination table where where Ann, the other woman, 
was seated.  She handed Ann a key.

Ann spread her legs and revealed that she had no panties.  Her pouty 
labia peeked out from her matted red-haired bush. She smiled sexily at 
the inmate and beckoned him with her finger to come hither.  When he 
aproached, she unlocked his cock cage.  His hardening erection sprang forth.

With the astonished male standing before her, Ann slowly jilled herself 
to orgasm.  She gasped several times as she crested, and when she 
recovered her breath, she lustily whispered, "I'm ready for you now!"

Ann knew that the male, because of the cock cage, had not experienced 
sexual relief in a long while, and she wanted to be careful lest he pop 
off before she got his member inside her.  She lightly grasped his cock 
and pulled him toward her entrance.  As he approached, she spread her 
creamy labia with her other hand and guided his member into her.

"Go slow," she admonished as she leaned back on the padded table. 
"You've been saving up for me, and I want to get every drop."

The male, his hands still tied behind him, pumped hungrily.  His cock 
had a will of its own and would not do any bidding except toward its 
immediate satisfaction.  After a few thrusts, his member pulsed and 
throbbed inside Ann, and he exclaimed with a disappointed moan.

"Stay inside, stay inside!" Ann instructed.  He continued to pump after 
he spent his immediate wad, striving for as much sensuous satisfaction 
as would be allowed after his quick ejaculation.  After a moment of 
plowing, Ann pulled back and he slipped out.  "I thought you would do 
better than that," she admonished.  I'm going to give you a second 
chance.  I'll be back in a while."

She got up and left the room.

Headmistress Katherine slipped on some disposable gloves and, with a 
slight smile, beckoned the male to approach.  Over the next twenty 
minutes, she slowly teased his cock until it throbbed with pent-up desire.

In another room, a totally different scene took place.  A naked male was 
bound face-up on a narrow bench.  His erection pressed against the 
confines of his cock cage.  When Ann walked in, she knew that the two 
escorts who had bound the male to the bench had been teasing his cock. 
They were skilled at what they did, and the male knew that he was being 
punished.  He did not know the extent of his punishment that evening.

The red-haired Ann dressed sluttily for one reason - to arouse.  She 
unlocked the male's cock cage.  His member sprang upward, and the other 
girls giggled.  Ann straddled the bench standing up, with her legs 
spread and her aroused and creamy pussy a few inches above the male's face.

"You know, it's totally up to me whether you get relief tonight," she 
told him.  "You've got to earn any pleasure.  Now I want you to suck my 
snatch!"

She bent her knees and her creamy pubic bush made contact with the 
male's mouth.  The male was surprised at how creamy this woman's pussy 
seemed.  A nagging thought kept intruding - what if all that cream 
wasn't her own?

"Come on, suck it like you mean it!" Ann scolded, and then began to moan 
as he applied his mouth to her pussy.

"Yes, like that!  Keep going!"

It took scarcely a couple of minutes for Ann to explode in orgasm.  She 
ground her pussy into the male's mouth as her insides pulsed several times.

"Ahh, that was good," she said as she pulled away.  She nodded at the 
other women and left the room.  The two escorts pulled up chairs and sat 
on each side of the bound male, close to his midsection.  Each of them 
began to diligently work on teasing and tickling his thighs, nuts and 
cock.  The male became practically insane with frustrated desire; the 
women giggled excitedly all the while.

Ann entered the Headmistress' office.  She was gratified to see that the 
inmate sported a hard erection from her attentions.  Katherine smiled 
and stepped back, giving the stage to Ann.

Ann sat up on the examination table and told the male to come over to her.

"Let's heve a feel and see if you've worked up a nice load for me," she 
teased.  Then she palpated his cock and ball sac for a while until he 
was quite obviously desperate for relief.

Ann's eyes sparkled as she lay back on the table and placed her feet in 
the stirrups.  Her short skirt did not hide her exposed sex, and her 
spread legs presented an irresistible scene to the inmate.

"I'll give you one more chance," Ann admonished.  "I want you to last a 
while before you pop off, or no more nookie rewards.  Come fuck me now."

She guided his now hardened erection inide her and then placed her hands 
behind her head.

"Yes, that feels good," she moaned.

The inmate did not need further prompting.  With his hands bound behind 
him, he pumped, gently and slowly at first.  As the moments passed and 
the atmosphere became more sexually charged, he pumped harder.  He 
voiced a short "Uhh!" with each energetic pump.

Ann felt the cock inside her expand slightly, and she knew that he was 
about to spew forth.  After a moment she goaded him on.  "Okay - give it 
to me.  Give me all that cum you've been saving.  Give it to me now!"

"Aaaaaaaugh!"

Ann smiled as the male lustily pounded her pussy as he spurted.  Squirt 
after squirt splattered inside her.  The male, after a moment of this, 
was completely spent, and slowly withdrew.

"That wasn't too bad," Ann mused.  "Keep up the good behavior."  She 
smiled at him and left the room.

She entered the room with the bound male, and smiled to herself.  The 
two escorts were still arousing and teasing him.  He was clearly in a 
tortured and desperate state of arousal.  The escorts stopped their 
handiwork and watched Ann.

Ann again straddled the male's face with her cum-filled pussy a few 
inches above his mouth.  "Are you ready for some more dessert? (Giggle) 
I've got some banana cream pie for you!"

The bound male groaned.

"If you don't do everything I tell you, you won't get off tonight," she 
authoritatively taunted.  "Now I want you to suck my snatch until it's 
completely clean."  Then she bent her knees enough to make contact with 
his mouth.  He had no doubt what was in Ann's freshly sexed pussy, and 
he applied himself to the distasteful task.  In the five minutes that he 
spent doing that, Ann shamelessly climaxed twice.

She withdrew and turned her attention to the bound male's erect cock. 
She handled and palpated it for a few moments, and then abruptly said, 
"No, not yet.  I'll be back in a little while to check on you."  Then 
she left the room, and the two escorts returned to their task of teasing 
and arousing.

Back in the office of the Headmistress, Ann seated herself on the 
examination table.  A different inmate was there, his hands secured 
behind him.

Katherine told the male, "I had you come here because your good behavior 
has been noticed.  I want to give you a very special reward."

Ann did with this and a subsequent inmate as she had with the first one. 
She enticed two ejaculations from each and required the bound male to 
service her pussy and clean up each serving.

Finally, far into the night, Ann impaled herself on the bound male's 
cock.  She pumped briskly, and when she sensed he was about to 
ejaculate, pulled out and finished him off by hand, so that his spurts 
of semen splattered on her pubic area.  Then she had him orally clean 
her wherever he spurted.

Twice more she thus milked him (between episodes of more teasing by the 
escorts) before calling an end to the night. Each time, she had him lick 
up what he had spurted forth.

-----
This story is copyright 2005, 2006, 2007 by (rick_oh at 
onolanke.router5.com).  All rights reserved.  No reposting without 
permission.  Please see my other stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
