      I visited your Kerala Erotica site recently only. It is a must for students like me to share our sexual experience. I am appreciating and thanking you for this web site.
Being the annual exams are nearby, there is little time to write .Now i am briefing it only;if there is good response i will write the details of my first fucking experience. By that time most of my exams will be over.
       I am studying in calicut district in kerala. I often come to home every weekends.I am a sports man with 174cm and64kg.(ennal ethuvareyum meesa vannilla).I was in boarding from the 5th class and was reading sex books(kochupusthakam) and started masturbation(vanam adi) at that period.Now my cock is around 8" long and 3.5" thick and usually masturbate 2times daily.
       I am having sexual relationship with my sister in law(elder brother,s wife). I call her RANI CHECHY. She is 26yrs,167cm,slim and very beautiful. with good buttocks(nalla chanthy)and 36D erract boobs(nalla mula).She has a baby girl 2.5 yrs old.We started our relationship after her delivery.(I wiil tell the details next time).
       My brother is an engineer and working in gulf.He is on leave now and will be going back next month end.He has no idea about our sexual relationship.3-4 days back he told rani chechy about his fantasy;that she should SEDUCE ME AND HAVE SEXUAL INTERCOURSE WITH ME in his presence but i would not aware him watching us.He will be watching because he has to confirm if i could satisfy his wife -rani chechy.He has two reasons to allow me to fuck his wife.As she is sexually highly active,in his absence she has to contain her sexual urge in herself and he fear that it will lead to some physical and mental problems.The other reson is,if she can not control her sexual urge,she will start with an outsider then it will become public and will be shameful to the family.
        One of his close friend has a similar arrangement where his own father was the man to satisfy his wife and save their family life.
         Eventhugh rani chechy was highly thrilled hearing this fantasy, she intelligently played a drama that she outrightly opposed him saying that she can not do it with her brother in law -ie;-ME.She told him to resign his job and settle here.As he can not that good job ,he repeatedly compelled her to accept his project.After 2days of compulsion she ageed to it then she told me what had happend.Now we are in a good mood ,because we can continue our sexual intimacy with extreme safety and with his knoweldge and consent.
         He booked a cottage in kodaikkanal 15-17 march for executing his project.They are jointly planning -OPERATION SEDUCTION.
       
It happend 2yrs back. After her first delivery Rrani chechy looked like an ugran charakku.Her boobs and buttocks grew bigger and look much sexier.
 
For X- mas holidays, i came from the boarding and Rani chechy was going to her own house for holidays.So i had to accompany her.It is a 2hr journey and we reached her house by 5pm on X-mas day itself.Her parents ,brother and his wife and their children were about to leave for velankanny ,a christian pilgrim center in tamil nadu.They would be coming back only on the 28th evening.Me, Rani chechy ,her 4month old child and a lady servent(part time) were only left in that house.Before leaving ,Rani chechy's brothers wife ROSILY 32yrs(SIL) told Rany chechy "avan valuthai,ninakku venel kalikkam"(he has grown ,so if you wish, you could fuck him). Rani chechy replied "njan onnu nokkatte , othal njan avane kalichu sukhikkum"(let me try, if possible i will fuck and enjoy him)
              I was highly excited to hear this from Rani chechy and i thanked Rosily chechy in mind for such conversation.As i told you earlier that i was masturbating from 5th class itself and both Rani chechy and Rosily chechy were also the main characters because they are extremly beautiful.Rosily chechy is more sexy as i wished to eat her.They left velankanny by 6.30pm.The part time servant was already left.
             For the first time Rany chechy breast feed her child with open boobs in front of me.Then she left for bath .After 5 minutes she call me from the bath room"kakkutta bring the new soap from my bag". She willfully forgot to take the soap as she could bring me inside to seduce me.I took the soap and knocked at the bathroom door.It was just closed , not locked from inside.As she opened the door,I was shocked to see her as she was cmpletely nude.She pulled me inside and kissed me violently on my lips,cheecks,forehead etc. which she continued for 4-5 minutes.Rany chechy then asked me soap her.I was excited and and start soaping behind her neck,back ,buttocks and legs.After soaping her back ,she pulled me her infront and asked me to soap her neck,armpits, hands,boobs, abdomen and her golden luv triangle.Her boobs and butocks were great.Rany chechy's luv triangle was fat and thick and hair less too.Her arm pits were also shaved.She guided my middle finger into her pussy and i started finger fucking her ,i know she enjoyed a lot.
 
After 5 minutes she took away my fingers and started me to undress and told me bath along with her.My cock started to grow bigger in my shorts as she squeesed it playfully and then she undressed me completely.She eagerly looked at my penis as it was around 6" long and firm.She played my cock with her hand for some time .We quickly completed our bath and  came out from the bathroom.
     
     She then wore a thin gown, fall upto her knees.I wore shorts . We took the food in a hurry.Within 15 minutes she closed the kitchen and entered in the bedroom.I was hopefully waitng for the luv actions with her.She stood near the bed , with her right leg raised and placed her right foot on the bed.It was a wonderful scene which i would never forget.She asked me to kneel down in her front side.She then ordered me to put my head through the raised gown.I entered my head through her gown and placed it near her luv triangle.Through the gown itself i hold strong with my both hands in her chanthy,and started to eat her pussy.As the time passed i could feel her excitement as she strongly lowered her pussy into my mouth.
 
      In that position i ate Ranichechy's pussy and drink her cunt juices at least for 15 minutes.She lifted her gown and released me.Then she lay on bed, on her back and draw her feets close to her chanthy and opened her legs wide.She asked me to lay on my stomach in between her parted legs to eat her pussy once more.I started eating her pussy ,as the pleasure increased ,Rany chechy drew closer her parted legs and tightly pressed against my cheecks.She then removed her gown.I played my hands with her beautiful boobs and pressed her errect nipples.She told"kutta , chechiyude pooru ingane thinnu enne nannayi sukhippikkada".From her expressions i knew that she was enjoying her maximum from it.
 
     For almost 20 minutes,i eat Rany chechy's sweet pussy in that position.Then she told me to lie on my back and put a pillow under my head.Then Rany chechy knelt down and placed her legs on each side of my head and lowered her pussy on to my face.I started to eat her pussy again.This time she had got a better control over me.This time she was virtually in heaven as she violently rimmed her pussy against my mouth.My hands spread all over her body.Within 10 minutes she came heavily in my mouth as i drink all her sweet&sour cunt juices .
 
        After some time ,she withdrew her pussy from my face and undid my trouser and she held my errect 6" penis in her left hand and placed it between her pussylips and slowely lowered her body.I was in the 7th heaven,as a 12yr old boy like me could fuck a beautiful lady, double my age and who happens to be my sister in law-sweet RANY CHECHY.As, she on top ,started moving hips up and down.Lying under her i pushed my hips upwards and we fucked violently.Within 10 minutes i sprayed my cum in her pussy and lay relaxed.MY FIRST FUCKING WAS SO GREAT TO REMEMBER FOR EVER.
 
      After an hour we started our love game again.This time Rany chechy took my cock in her mouth and started to suck, within no time he errected like an umbrella and promissed her sweet pussy a grand fuck.Before sleeping(1am) we finished our 3rd fuck.In the morning around 5am we started our 4th fuck.After the break fast around 8.30 am she raised her gown for the 5th fucking session.After having our lunch together ,we were prepaired for the 6th. After that we slept for a while . In the evening around 7pm we fucked for the7th time.And in the last 24 hrs ,we fucked 7 times as if there is no tommorow.In the next 24 hrs we fucked 6 times.And in the last 18hrs we fucked 4times.IN THE TOTAL 66 HRS WE HAD MARATHONE FUCKING FOR 17 TIMES.
 
  In the evening those who went velankanny came back Both Rany chechy and Rosily chechy talked till mid night and in the morning Rosily chechy looking me with a seductive smile and shook her her head with a sexual meaning.But i had to reurn home in the evening.
     I was eagerly looking forwrd to my annual vocation in ROSILY CHECHY'S house....................... that will tell you later.
 
NOW I AM ANXIOUSLY WAITNG FOR FULLFILLING MY BROTHER'S FANTASY WITH HIS WIFE&MY SISTER IN LAW - SWEET RANY CHECHY
