A Femdom Creampie Story Chapter 2

For three weeks following his most recent caning, David succeeded in holding back his profuse ejaculation during intercourse until his wife/Mistress gave him permission to cum.

It was such a sweet, blissful feeling when he was given permission to release. He twisted and pumped as his member endlessly pulsed and spurted inside her pussy. As a reward, he was allowed to enter her twice more during the night to experience the intense sensation of ejaculation.

This night, they both thought he would be able to withstand the intense stimulation and wait until he heard her sweet words, "You may ejaculate." But it was not to be. It could have been the way she teased him, the way her internal muscles pulsed and squeezed his cock, the way she puckered her lips and cocked her head to the side - his ejaculation came too quickly to do anything about it. Like a tidal wave, it swept over him and he spurted and spurted.

She, of course, had him clean her pussy of his massive load of sperm with his mouth, and it wasn't until she crested a third time that she told him to stop.

The usual consequences of his early ejaculation consisted of a caning and a strap-on fucking. But she had other, more intense plans this time.

"Keep your clothes off, David. I want you in the study, positioned for your caning, one hour from now."

He sensed something was different. She usually administered his punishment immediately after intercourse. While she made a phone call, he watched the clock. His caning would be severe enough, and if he were late, he would sorely regret it.

At the appointed time, with a fluttering sensation in the pit of his stomach, he gave a deep sigh and bent over her desk, and grasped the opposite edge. He is expected to maintain his bent over position without being bound in place, something which took considerable practice.

After a wait of several minutes in his humiliating position, he heard his wife enter the study. A little rustling around, and she said, "Two dozen strokes, David, and then a good fucking. I have a friend, Natasha, here to participate. Natasha, please step around where David can see you."

David saw a tall, leggy brunette with long hair, a sensuous face,  and alluring hips. Natasha said nothing, but looked him up and down.

"Now come back here and watch his caning."

His wife gave a fast-paced caning of twenty four strokes while David wiggled and danced in place. It was always humiliating to have to submit to her canings like this, but it added to his shame to have her friend watching him. As he had been trained, he remained in his bent over position when the caning was completed.

"Strip, Natasha, and then show David what you're going to use on him."

Natasha removed all her clothes and stepped in front of him with her hands on her hips and smiled. David gave an audible gasp. She always loved the moment of surprise. Sticking out from between her legs was a long, erect cock, under which was a rather large ball sac. Natasha's nude form was so feminine - firm breasts, shapely hips, smooth slender legs. But her aroused and obviously hungry cock stirred a note of dissonance in David's mind.

David's wife asked Natasha, "How did you like seeing his caning?"

"He's got a cute little bottom. I love the way he wiggles it when you apply the cane. I bet he'll dance like that when I'm fucking him!"

"How did you prepare for today?"

"For two weeks I've been edging myself every day - bringing myself close to ejaculation but not letting myself cum. All I could think about this past week was how much I want to cum. I'm going to enjoy this - I like the way he keeps his bottom and legs shaved smooth."

"David, I want you to watch while I get Natasha ready for your fucking.  Natasha, I'd like you to stick your cock in me to lubricate it with my pussy juice. Can you do that without ejaculating?"

"I'll try, Mistress, I'll try," she replied in a shaky voice.

"Okay, come over here... yes, my pussy is hot... okay, enter me and keep still - don't cum... OH! OH MY GOSH!"

"Does it feel good, Mistress?"

"Oh, it feels heavenly! Okay now, pump just a couple of times. UHH!  OH!"

Natasha kept still, not wanting to ejaculate yet. "May I pump a few more times? This feels so good!"

"Okay, but go easy. If you ejaculate, I'll give YOU a caning."

Natasha slowly pumped. "Oh my gosh, being inside you is exquisite! No wonder David has a hard time controlling himself. May I stay inside you a little longer?"

Mistress giggled, and Natasha pumped a few more times. From her two weeks of self enforced denial, she was close to ejaculating. She realized that she could not stop thrusting. Like lightning bolts from inside her hips, her ejaculation took hold and she exclaimed, "Oh my God! I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I can't help it!"

David's wife/Mistress simply smiled and let Natasha continue to eject spurt after spurt of T-girl cum inside her. After a moment she said, "Pull out, Natasha. I want David to clean me."

David sported a hard erection from watching the intensely erotic sight of an attractive T-girl fucking his wife. As Natasha looked on in amazement, David put his mouth to his wife's pussy and extracted the spunky mixture. He swallowed several times, and gave her an intense orgasm.

"Natasha, I'm going to show you that I mean what I say. I want you to take your position as David did. Eighteen strokes."

The errant T-girl bent over the desk and held on to the opposite edge. She arched her back and presented her nakedness as if asking for it. Mistress whipped hard, and Natasha gave a spirited yell from the start, interspersing her exclamations with "Oh my gosh, Mistress!" and "Mistress, PLEASE!" as the caning progressed. She did, however, keep her naked bottom presented without breaking her position, something that David found intensely erotic.

"You may get up now, Natasha. David, take her place bent over as you were for your caning. I'm going to let Natasha give you a good fucking. You are to submit to her."

Natasha put a generous amount of lube inside David's nether portal, and then on her own cock. She took her position behind David and grasped his hips. "David, spread your legs wider," she ordered. When he had complied, she added, "Now point your toes in and bring your knees closer together."

She then giggled. "Tee-hee, he looks cute like that!"

"Now arch your back - like you're asking for a good hard fucking!"

As he positioned himself for Natasha's pleasure, David felt her hands spread his nether cheeks apart as far as they would go. The cool air on his back entrance felt in contrast to his recently striated bare bottom. "Okay, sweetie, I'm going inside you now..."

She needed no help getting the tip of her aroused and throbbing cock pressed against David's entrance. She gave a measured shove, and the slippery lube on her cock facilitated its going in a couple of inches.

"Uhhhh!"

Natasha giggled, and worked her cock inside him with short in-out strokes. David's groans told her that he was not accustomed to taking anything as long as her cock. She continued until she was all the way in. By that time David was punctuating his gasps with urgent groans.

"Easy - please go easy," he implored.

"David - I'm here to give you a good fucking and that's what I'm going to do. I've waited a long time for this, and I'm not going to stop. I want you to surrender to me completely."

She pulled back and thrust all the way forward.

"AHHH!"

"This feels good, David. Does it feel good to you?" She took a few more thrusts.

"Oh!  Uhh!  Ahhh!  Oh!"

"He's tight, isn't he?" Mistress asked Natasha.

"Very tight! I love it. And the way he wiggles - Oh God!"

Natasha vigorously pumped as her ejaculation took hold, and David reacted by kicking his legs and struggling against her hold on his hips.

"Oh my God!  Oh!  Uhh!  Uhh!" Natasha exclaimed while continuing to forcefully pump. David felt his insides become slippery as her cock ejected spurt after spurt of her pent-up lust.

Mistress giggled.  "That didn't take long!"

"Oh my gosh, that felt good!"  Natasha exclaimed while slowly slithering her tool in and out. She turned her attention to David. "I'm not done with you yet. Get your feet apart and knees together. Stay in position."

"This is so sexy, watching you fuck him like this, and knowing that you really ejaculated inside him!" Mistress remarked.

"Sperm is such a good lubricant," Natasha said as her cock hardened. She held David's back way open and took complete thrusts, going in all the way, and pulling completely out. She giggled as David punctuated each thrust with an exclamation of discomfort.

"Oh!  Uhh!  Uhh!  Ahhh!  Please!"

Natasha continued to pump with complete in-out thrusts while David squirmed and danced in place.

"You deserve a good fucking! You spurted in her pussy without permission!"

"Please, not so hard!  Uhhh!  OH!"

Natasha giggled, and pumped for a few more minutes before she threw her head back and gave voice to her intense ejaculation.

"It's getting late. I want the two of you to get cleaned up, and come to bed. Natasha, can you stay the night?"

Natasha's face showed her delight.

"Good. I'll bet with your two weeks of denial, you have a lot more cum you can give. I want you to fuck me as often as you can during the night. David will clean my pussy of your sperm each time."

Natasha giggled.

"And David, you may fuck me as often as you want, but you must not ejaculate."

Several times during the night, the bed shook and Mistress  moaned with pleasure as Natasha plowed her pussy with her long T-girl cock. Then Natasha would exclaim as her convulsions of ejaculation took hold. David would then get between his wife's legs and extract every drop of Natasha's spunk, to the accompaniment of his wife's gasps of orgasm. A few times he entered her and gingerly plowed, taking care to keep from ejaculating. "Please, may I cum?!" he repeatedly begged, to be turned down each time.

Only when the dim morning light began to make its presence known, did Mistress say, "David - you may ejaculate now." She giggled as spurt after spurt filled her well used pussy. She had serial orgasms when David's mouth, gratefully locked on her pussy, fervently licked and kissed where his anxious cock had spewed.

-----
This story is copyright 2011 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com). All rights reserved. No reposting without permission. Please see my other stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
