Maria Patterson wanted to scream; her husband was close to his climax but she was further away from hers. Tears of frustration were actually welling up as she tried energetically to reach an elusive orgasm. But it was no use, despite everything, Matt came for the second time while she felt nothing but utter frustration.

It was just the same as the day before when she'd practically thrown herself at him during the evening yet failed to gain the satisfaction she'd craved. It wasn't that Matt was a bad lover or that he was ill equipped, in fact sex had always been great between them and even tonight (with one short five minute break when she'd blown his spent manhood back to life) he'd been making love to her for well over an hour.

Something was different, with her. She'd desired it so, so much yet no sooner had her husband rolled on a condom and entered her than the flame of passion dimmed. It seemed to dim further when he climaxed yet the moment (and it was virtually an instantaneous change) he got off her the lust came back even stronger. That's why for the second night in a row she'd got him hard again in the hope that she could finally reach her elusive orgasm.

She slipped out of bed a few minutes later and went to the bathroom to finish it herself, yet just as the night before once she started it felt wrong somehow and she began to feel as she had with Matt inside her. What was wrong with here? She felt the need yet was quite unable to obtain it!

 As she sat on the toilet, welling up again, a thought came to her that perhaps she needed something else rather than her small fingers, something different. She pondered this but her little silver vibrator was buried deep in a drawer in the bedroom, and she didn't know what else she could do. Without any real expectation she started again with her fingers trying to sate the sexual tension that gripped her body but if anything it was worse and she was finally forced to give up.

Maria was back in bed confused and frustrated a few minutes later, rubbing her thighs together as she lay awake, her desires burning yet seemingly without the means to obtain relief. It was distressing and confusing and she wondered if she needed to see her doctor.

The next morning she woke relieved to find her desires gone but following a mid-morning workout she felt the feelings slowly returning. This time alone she entered the bedroom armed with her vibrator and began to see if this would be the key to her relief but, as she had suspected, it wasn't although it gave her an idea of what she might do to help herself.

She sat down at the computer and went online then began searching for variations of `big dildo satisfaction for me' (why this phrase she could figure except it just popped into her mind) and after dismissing the websites that appeared almost out of hand she suddenly saw one that she decided to check out. The main screen asked for a password or registration to obtain one and almost without thinking Maria entered her details which included her home and email addresses and even her mobile number.

She made herself a coffee still trying to ignore the urges coming from deep within since she knew it would do her no good, then checked her in-box and clicked on the link that had appeared to complete the registration and issued her with a username and password.

She actually laughed at her title; hotwife155 and the password indeep then went back to the website and logged in.

The front page of the site was quite a shock to Maria being very explicit yet as she looked at the first page she felt her sex moisten with approval. There was a picture of dildo next to the picture of the man whose manhood it was said to be based upon. She looked at the chiselled black man and his erect penis (about the size of Matt's) and then at the dildo which really was identical including the size of the balls.

She then noticed the sign below it; "This product is provided free with any item purchased from the offers page." There was no price attached so she clicked on the offers page.

The page opened to reveal a set of five items; a long sleeved black body stocking, a set of hold-up diamond net stockings, a pair of six inch ankle boots, a set of ankle and wrist cuffs and a DVD (which was titled `satisfaction guaranteed'). Each item was priced way too high but Maria noticed the tag line at the bottom which offered the whole set for less than the price of the two cheapest items and still came with the dildo thrown in.

It was the type of gear Matt would love her to wear and that though alone got her tingling so strangely after only a brief moment to think about what she was doing she was typing in her credit card information. Maria then sat back after the process was completed looking at the thank you notice which said she could now also use the forum if she wanted. With a start she realised that at long last her urges were subsiding, well thank God!

Later that day she worked out again to the next set of exercises on her DVD collection but once it was over she was as hot as hell again. It was strange but she felt drawn back to the website and this time she delved further to discover the forum page and also a video streaming page. Despite herself Maria opened the video link then sat open mouthed as she heard two people having sex.

The set was well lit and the action high-resolution except there was a large banner over the centre saying that as a new member she wasn't yet entitled to view this. Yet the blurred central image still gave a clear indication what they were doing and she could see the black legs of the man and the white feet as they waved in the air.

As Maria watched her hand snaked to her sex and she began to play with her slit through her leotard. She was surprised to find that unlike earlier she became more aroused at her own touch and felt that her elusive orgasm was approaching only when it arrive she still felt a little cheated as the pleasure was fleeting and didn't completely hit the spot. Never the less it was a climax and thankfully her lust was subsiding although she felt just a little guilty having watching a sex show to get her there. She knew deep down that for some reason this was only a temporary pause but at least it was a pause.

"No!" Maria said as once more her desire slipped from her grasp while Matt reached his peak again. It was so ridiculous, she thought, that having been so hot for most of the evening she was quite unable to obtain the relief she craved. Matt was a little put out by his wife's cry since he'd spent simply ages pleasing her but Maria covered this up with a hasty "Oh, Yes, Yes." And for the first time in her life she faked an orgasm which took all her effort as she wanted nothing more than to push Matt away because his climax triggered a feeling of real anger towards him, for failing to give her what she needed and deserved.

Fortunately she held this in check and waited for a short while before turning him to one side then lay silently with the desires burning again waiting for him to fall asleep. There was no chance of her drifting off in this state.

Thankfully he was out pretty quickly so she slipped away and went to the PC (she knew her little vibrator wouldn't help) where she logged on to the site again only this time there was no live video on display however there was a note suggesting she try the forum page. After a few moments she entered and saw her login name alone on the screen, immediately someone called hotwife74 said hello to her and she said hello back.

`what brings you to the site at this time of night?'

`Can't sleep.'

`Man trouble?'

`Not really'

`That's a yes! I'll tell you mine if you tell me yours.'

`?'

`Man trouble story.'

`Oh I see.'

`I'll go first:" hotwife74 wrote. "My husband wasn't able to satisfy me in bed. Not for a very long time, to be brutally honest. Not just the usual, you know - snoring and only feeling like it after a trip to the pub but if he could be bothered to do it at all, it was over in no time. That's why I bought the stuff from the website to liven the whole thing up!'

`Did it work?'

`Lets just say that after joining the site my sex life became fantastic!  I must admit I like chatting to people here as well because just about everyone has a similar experience and it's great to pass on the positive news to newbies.'

`How did you know I was a newbie?'

`Hotwife155. Means you're pretty new. Spoke to 148 yesterday who was back to say just how great things are now. Anyway it's your turn.'

`Not much to tell really.'

`Try me.'

`OK. It's strange but for the past few weeks I've been feeling more sexual than ever before but when I make love to my husband it just doesn't seem right anymore. It's hard to explain but three weeks ago it was great and now it isn't.'

`What's wrong?'

`I don't know exactly but now when we make love he doesn't do it for me.'

`You can be candid in here you know. Say it like it is. Your man isn't giving you an orgasm.'

Maria paused then continued with the online chat.

`No. Not at the moment.'

`How quick is it?'

`Not quick at all! We spent nearly an hour yesterday.'

`But he came and you didn't'

`Yes, I mean no, no I didn't'

`So how does it feel when you're having sex? Is it erotic, do you feel hot as you do it or is he turning you off?'

Maria wondered if she should answer but decided yes.

`He's turning me off a bit.'

`A bit or a lot. The truth now!'

`Actually I was as hot as hell this evening yet once we got down to it I went off the boil and didn't feel excited again until it was over.'

`You feel hot now?'

`Yes.' She felt a nervous tingle when she posted this.

`I'm often the same way. Diddling alone doesn't seem right so that's why I look at the videos.'

`What videos? The live stream isn't on.'

`You've not looked at the site properly have you?' The links page has some juicy sites to choose from but I suggest you look at the video library first. Unfortunately as a newbie you won't be able to access most of it but click on the sample it's not all there but it's worth it.'

Maria looked at the screen for ages without typing, her sex was saying yes but her head was telling her not to be so disgusting.

`Still there?'

`Yes'

`Be honest you're really frustrated at the moment aren't you?'

Maria was fit to burst.

`Yes, very.'

`Ok look at the sample. Not the same without the dildo tho' BTW what have you ordered?'

`The set.'

`Great. Means you'll get it by express probably tomorrow. Do yourself favour dress in the lot to view the DVD and once you've done that log on and use the introductory offer.'

`What's that?'

`Comes with the full set and gives you access to the rest of the site for only a very small fee. Trust me it's REALLY worth it!!!!'

`I'll see'

`That's a copout just do it and you will never look back, trust me."

"And the clothes and stuff help you and your husband to improve things?"

"Helped me definitely! Anyway I'll leave you to the video."

With that a logged out notice appeared and Maria was left alone. She pondered what to do but her frustrations were such that she flicked to the other page and clicked onto the sample.

The screen opened to full size then the video started: The woman was young and pretty and like the live show dressed in the gear Maria had ordered. She sat on a sofa smiling nervously before she turned to her right as she was approached by a black man who stood in front of her his large penis already erect, he was naked. The camera zoomed slowly in as the woman held it with her left hand then began to suck gently. As she did so Maria noticed the wedding band on her finger but thought in unlikely the woman was married to the black man who looked in his late fifties.

The woman continued to work the good sized penis in and out of her mouth eyes closed for a while then she pulled back and looked up at the man waiting for instruction although he was not full in the screen now. She then smiled and went back to sucking him only the camera pulled back a little and Maria could see the big black dildo in her other hand which she was now using on herself.

Maria began to play with her own sex trying to synchronise her hand subconsciously with the girl's dildo. Then as the woman got close to a climax the man put his hand on her head and began to actually have sex with her mouth. Maria was going to climax and she did watching as the man pulled back and shot his seamen over the woman's face. She was grinning happily as it fell in strings onto her. With that the screen image stopped and a note said she didn't have access to the full video.

Maria turned to PC off and went to bed feeling very relieved yet still there was a sense that she was somehow not totally satisfied. She hoped that if the items did arrive tomorrow she'd find complete relief with the dildo.


---------------------

The items were spread out in front of her as she read the leaflet that came in the box. There was a note from a `happy customer' suggesting that she dress in all the clothes then view the DVD after which it added she could then go online and type in the access code supplied with a password at the end of the DVD. `Don't forget to lubricate your dildo correctly!' was the jokey subscript.

Maria was now so hot she found it impossible to resist. She slipped out of her normal clothes and pulled on the body stocking. It was strange but as she put it on she felt almost liberated and without worrying further she pulled on the hold-ups and buckled up the heels then with the wrist and ankle cuffs on she admired her reflection in the full length mirror. She picked up the dildo which was much bigger than she'd thought and walked into the family room where she had already shut the curtains so she could settle down to watch the DVD; dildo in one hand & the lubricating oil supplied in the other.

When the DVD started she jumped the woman facing her on the screen looked just like her. Same coloured hair, same hairstyle and of course same clothes. She was also holding an identical dildo. The woman pushed it home and began to work it in and out then said to the screen.

"Hi Maria, you should start using your own dildo now and then sit back and watch me in action. I guarantee you will have the orgasm you deserve."

Maria was taken aback by the use of her name especially as it meant this video was only a day or so old. She waited for a few moments but she was so aroused that she began to dribble the lubricant over the bell-end then placed her own dildo at the entrance to her hole. The head was large and it took a while to work it into her but once it was there she began to feel a tingling from the contact and this began to grow as she copied the woman and pushed the object deeper.

"Now push it in as far as you can then squeeze the left hand of those lovely black balls, squeeze it hard, left one only." The woman added in a voice dripping with lust.

Maria pushed it in and out then after a few moments she gripped the soft ball and squeezed. Her sex was suddenly flooded with a viscous liquid which felt a little cold at first then as she continued to work it in she realised the dildo was getting deeper and within a few minutes despite it's size it was almost fully home..

"Fuck yourself with your black lover Maria."

She did and felt an orgasm closing in.

"Just before you reach your climax squeeze the other ball."

She went at it for a few more minutes then as she felt the tell-tale signs she gripped the other ball and compressed it as hard as she could. It felt odd but her vagina was suddenly washed with liquid and then as she hit her peak her whole sex seemed to orgasm and she actually screamed as she had the most intense sexual experience of her life.

As she came down she watched the woman pulling out her own dildo and showing her gaping hole.

"Looks like it would if this were a real cock. You code is on the instructions supplied and use the password fuck me. That's one word no break. Do it now."

Maria felt so happy and at long last she was satisfied sexually yet the tingling continued so she was eager to have a repeat of the experience. She logged on and typed in her new code; blackmen followed by fuckme and followed the link.

The PC opened into a private forum which asked her to click on a send confirmation box below then wait. After a couple of minutes a message appeared and gave her another link to follow. She did this and a screen expanded then a video link 
connected.

"Hello Maria nice to meet you." Said the blond woman from the DVD in her very well spoken voice. "Sit back and enjoy the show."

Maria waited and then the camera panned back to show the woman was in bedroom - dressed as the DVD (and like Maria still) then showed a big black man enter. He was larger yet probably older than the man she'd seen on the screen last night. Despite being grey haired and rather overweight (his body was certainly not that of an athlete) he was showing off a huge half-erect cock which made Maria wet. The pretty young woman looked at him with expectant eyes; "I'm Lorna and we have Maria watching us." Then like the woman from the day before she began to suck his cock which grew hard. Again her wedding band and engagement ring were clear to see.

The man's erection was now huge but the woman worked hard to get the bell-end in he mouth and sucked for some time. Maria found it all very erotic and the dildo was back inside her now. The woman stopped and looking up.

"Do you want to have me now?" She asked.

"Sure." He said in a very noncommittal way.

"How would you like me?"

"On your back as you should be." He motioned to her to get on the bed nearby.

The woman beamed as she lay on the bed then the camera got close as the man held her ankles and pushed his huge cock between her lips. She let out a gasp and began to claw at him as he worked his way in.

"God I though Ricky was big..." she moaned before having a very noisy climax.

"You gonna talk to your friend then?" The big man asked.

"Maria... this is the best sex ever... I was like you; frustrated, unsatisfied and my man no longer did it for me but now I'm in heaven." She was already moving towards another climax. "The dildo only helps for a while but this if forever. Subscribe and let nature take its course."

With that she came again almost at the same time as Maria. The housewife watched as the couple continued for sometime she was spellbound by the intensity of the sex and woman's obvious enjoyment of the man. It was almost a shock when the man roared (Matt never did) when he came and after Lorna had her final climax he pulled out and the woman lay legs apart showing of the huge cavity between her legs.

"I'm more satisfied that ever before." She said with feeling. "Sign up." With that the link was cut and the screen changed. Maria didn't do anything for a while but stared at the `press to sign up' button flashing in front of her. She was scared but was almost subconsciously compelled to press the button so with a trembling hand she moved the mouse and clicked.



Maria sat watching hotwife31 (Sarah) as she took her second black cock, she'd watch the video twice before but it was so sexy she was viewing it again. The woman was just nineteen and had been married for just five months she'd happily told Maria on the forum that she'd never had a climax until she'd watched the DVD and the dildo had done the job. She still added that it still wasn't anything as good as the real thing.

The video was a month old and Marias was surprised to find out that the woman had joined the site only six weeks after her honeymoon. She'd met her first black man less than two weeks after buying the dildo and, as she put it, had never looked back.

Maria was of course in a fog. She'd spoken to many women on the forum and seen over a dozen videos of different wives having sex with black men and she was now attracted to the whole scene especially now that even the dildo wasn't enough to satisfy her totally. Worse was the fact that sex with Matt was becoming quite repulsive, why it had become such a turn off she had no idea but lately she'd tried every excuse to avoid any physical contact with him.

She had fantasies now during the day about being involved with a black man like the men she was watching daily and it was getting harder and harder all the time to even allow her husband to touch her. She felt like she might explode if she didn't find some permanent form of relief.

She was completely unaware that this had all been generated thanks to the set of discounted fitness videos she'd acquired online. They had been designed to issue a set of repeated subliminal messages and combined with the hypnotic music plus lighting made her susceptible to its autosuggestion. She had given the suppliers her personal details, husband, age and vital statistics as well as coercing her to post a `before' picture with them not knowing that all this information was being used to vet her.

Since she was white, married and quite attractive; she was using it to get fit and lose only a little weight, so she was therefore perfect. After the initial introduction DVD she was sent the unlock key to the first workout series.

At first the hidden messages had simply worked on her subconscious until she was finally open and susceptible to the messages placed within the DVD. This took nearly three weeks, even when she was ready however it was still a slow progression. The second DVD which contained workouts for week three to six, had placed irrational feelings of sexual frustration and uncontained excitement hidden within her to be triggered by certain key words and actions.

The new disc, for weeks seven and eight, had embedded these more strongly and deeply ready for the next phase. Despite all this the critical part of the process were the subliminal messages constantly reinforced:

Namely the search for Big dildo satisfaction for me 

The designers knew that the video alone while opening viewers up to the hidden messages, would not be enough so the website was key; the viewer would be closer so less distractions and since they were already susceptible the hidden messages that supported the graphic content, were likely to do the trick.

Week nine was the earliest these actions could be triggered and of course there was still a high failure rate even then.

The trick had been to set off feelings within the women by broadcasting two sets of critical triggers during these workouts. The first made them feel more sexual while the second meant that any contact with their partners did the opposite so they desired sex more and more strongly yet every contact with their partner was less and less enjoyable.

Of course underlying all of this from the second DVD onward was the repeated message suggesting black men were different; more desirable and better lovers. Once the DVD arrived with the clothes set, the woman was ready and open to all suggestions. This was both graphic and contained the triggers for the final embedded messages namely every intimate action from their white partner felt disgusting and repulsive yet there was a suggestion that other men might be better.

Of course by now they would be viewing the videos which were the only triggers that got them off but when the final DVD arrived this switched the method of relief slowly off, so that the one thought remained. The more Maria watched the more she was drawn in by the content and the hidden messages that said to her; `black was best and was the only thing that would satisfy her.'

Matt kissed her goodbye and even his touch made he shudder, God he was so gross she thought. She almost instinctively went to the front bedroom and stripped, pulling on the clothing which transformed her mood so that from dry and unresponsive (as it had been when Matt had tried to play with her before he got up) to wet and excited.

Hotwife153 was online as soon as she was.

`I did it!'

`Seriously?'

`Yes yesterday. Tim the pervert was out so I invited him over'

`You mean Jack?'

`Yes and it was better than I'd ever hoped for!'

`Really?'

`It was the best ever.'

`Even though he's older than your dad?'

`So? He's got the experience and besides he doesn't make me feel sick! Quite the opposite in fact.'

`Will you do it again?'

`Won't ever stop!'

`It was really that good?'

`I'm telling you it was better'

`Well done you.'

`your turn next.'

`I don't know. I kind of want to but...'

`No buts, you said it yourself you're horny all the time and that husband of yours creeps you out.'

`Makes me feel sick when he tries it on with me.'

`so just do it then. I wish I had years and years ago.'

`but your younger than me! Your only twenty two.'

`still wish I'd had the nerve to date a black guy when I was sixteen.'

`I'm not sure date would have been entirely accurate!'

`LOL you're right. I'd have fucked his brains out from day one! Go on, get onto the forum and set up a meeting.'

Maria bit her lip as the wetness flowed she wanted to remain faithful to her husband but she knew deep down that there was only one way to end this torment.

The afternoon workout was torture. By the time she was halfway through the exercises she'd pushed the gusset of her leotard to one side and worked the dildo into her wetness. As worked the overused toy she watched the grey hair black instructor placing his hands on the young white girl in her leotard as he showed her how the workout should be performed. Maria was watching him wishing she was the woman and then the workout ended leaving her with a pussy desperate for relief (the subliminal message playing over and over was simple - go online find a mate).

Finally with shaking hands she entered the contact page only this time she logged on using the `make a contact' button.' MatureStud 89 was online immediately asking her when he could visit. There was no preamble, no questions who she really was, just a response to her logon which stated: Hotwife155 - looking to mate - East Berkshire Area



`You need to get dressed for Maxwell.' Hotwife 151 stated as Maria chatted to her online. She was nervous and excited as she had been for the past 18 hours since she'd agreed the meeting.

`yes I know I'm just a little...'

`get dressed you only have twenty minutes. Now go! Contact me this afternoon if you have the strength.'

Maria dragged herself up to the main bedroom. She was a little self conscious as she began to change but once the body stocking was on a sense of liberation washed over her. She was still putting the final touches to her make-up when she heard the knocking from outside.

Maria went down and looked through the small window in the front door and saw a black man standing there. Of course by some freak chance it could have been someone else but that was unlikely so she flicked the catch and stood back as he pushed it open.

The man wasn't that tall, actually he was barely five footy seven and somewhat overweight but Maria didn't care, he was black and his age hinted at experience which her body told her she craved.

She remembered what she was supposed to do 

"Hello I'm Marie." She smiled hoping he'd like her. 

"Hi Max" Came the indifferent reply.

"Do you want to come to my bedroom?" she asked anxiously but he shook his head.

"Actually I'll skip it." He said turning to leave.

"Please don't" Maria yelled and stood in front of him blocking his exit. She didn't care that she was now in front of the open front door. "I'm good, really good!" She offered.

"You think so do you? You are just like all the other women on that site, just want sex for yourself . You white people are all the same; you just see me as some black servant, here to do your bidding!"

"No. No that's not true! I... don't. I want to please you and make love to you!"

"Make love? You mean get me to give you pleasure."

She looked at him and wanted to cry. She wanted him more than anything she'd ever desired. "Please, I meant what I said. I don't just want sex, I do want to make love to you and to please you." 

"How do I know you won't throw me out as soon as you've had your pleasure from me?"

"I promise I won't"

"That's not good enough." I just can't believe you will keep your word? I mean I'm just an old black man while you're a sexy young white woman what could you possibly give me that would show your conviction? Frankly I don't know that there's anything you could offer that would prove your trust to me. "

He waited and waited hoping she'd think of something of her own free will he didn't want to suggest, it had to come from her, if possible.

 "You can have anything I own, to borrow or keep. I'll do anything to prove to you that I mean what I say." She beseeched him.

"What do you mean anything. How could you give me something that would assure you wouldn't turn your back on me?"

"What about... um... take some pictures of me!"

"Pictures can be faked you know."

"Then a video!" She actually held him by the shoulders as she begged him. "I'll let you video me!"

"How will that help?" he said sounding doubtful.

"I'll show how much I want you."

"OK...wait! I bet you'll claim it is a fake and your actions were forced or something."

"No I promise I won't... look I'll tell you how much I want it."

"You mean you'll sit in front of the camera and tell everyone who watches exactly what your desires are?"

"Yes! Yes I'll make it completely clear this is what I really want!"

"You'd need to be very convincing! I mean lots of action as well as just the words, to prove it's not some fake."

"I'll be really convincing."

"But what else? I mean if you promise on the recording that's a start but what can I have to prove it's all genuine?"

She looked at the man who had stepped back as if doubting she would be true to her word.

"My wedding ring!" She pulled it off and held it towards him. "I'll offer it to you to keep until you want to give it back!"

"Well... " he pretended to consider this as if expecting some catch. "Look OK but you need to do this in a way that cannot be mistaken."

"Of course! What are you suggesting?"

"I'm not suggesting anything this is your idea."

She looked at him thinking hard. She was completely oblivious to the fact that she still stood brazenly dressed in her body-stocking, heels and diamond nets at her open front door.

"I'll be really graphic about what I want then offer you them on camera. You can keep them as long as you want."

"So do you have a video camera?" he asked again suggesting with his voice that she might be deceiving him.

"Yes!" She replied and shutting the door she shot upstairs returning a few minutes later with their new camera.

"So how is this going to work then?"

"How about I sit in the lounge and talk to the camera about it then I can take off my rings and give them to you to keep." 

"Er... ok but how about you do a bit more than just talk, so it's completely convincing? I mean if you prove just how excited you claim you are and then maybe do something with the rings that shows you want it... I dunno what..."

"Yes! I'll do something that will show you just how much I want it!"

Maria sat on the sofa and Max placed the camera on top of a pile of books on the coffee table adjusting it so Maria was shown fully. "I'll start it then, count to five and begin." When you've done whatever it is you're going to do invite me over and I'll adjust it so I can capture us having sex. If that's what you really want?"

"That will be great!" 

"Ok here we go."

He started the camera and Maria did the count.

"Hi My name is Maria Fleming. I'm twenty five years old and married to Matt my husband of four years. I've come to realise that my deepest desire is to give myself to a black man. I want an older black man to make love to me and satisfy my like my husband can't.

I've invited Max to my home in the hope he will make love to me and to prove how much I want him I will give him my rings to keep." She took them off and held them up. "Max come her and take these rings then take me, and make me a woman."

The man smiled. He was an expert at this as he'd done it with over thirty pretty white wives before this one and knew just how desperate she was. He'd get her completely infatuated with interracial sex, over the next day or so, before convincing her to pick a mate online.

He moved the camera and pulled the shot back so the whole of the sofa was in the picture then walked round and took the rings putting them in his pocket.

"OK Mrs Fleming if you really want to have sex with me then blow me first and I'll see if you mean it."

Despite the fact that they were visible from the street he removed his clothes before sitting. She gripped his penis with her hand and placed it against her lips. Just the touch of it made her sex pulse and within moments the head was engulfed by her mouth. She felt a mini climax hit her as she sucked the man's cock until it was rock hard. She couldn't believe how she felt and just this act reinforced her belief that this was what she'd always really desired.

"Do you want to take me now?" She asked a few minutes later in hope. Then as an afterthought she smiled at the camera and showed how much she was enjoying the man's penis.

"No. Keep sucking." Came his short reply.

Disappointed Maria worked harder on the man then when she noticed he was beginning to breath harder she pulled back.

"Do you want to have sex with me now?"

"No but I'm sure you'd like me to cum on your face!" He smiled and dutifully Maria blew him until he was there then she pushed herself back and opened her mouth as he let fly. Maria was keen to show she approved of this and licked her chin and lips as the sperm hit her face. She felt confused because although she was a little upset because she was so frustrated at the same time the touch of his semen sparked a sense of excitement in her. She sat back hoping he would take her soon but the man was growing limp so she decided she needed to take action.

"Let me see if I can bring this back to life!" She said to the man and the camera then she took his flaccid manhood in her mouth and began suck. She worked on him with enthusiasm until finally he began to respond.

"Are you ready now?" She asked seductively.

"How do you want me to take you? I bet you want it nasty." He added prompting.

"Yes, yes I want you to use that lovely black cock... and take me on all fours like a dog!"

With that she got into position with her knees on the floor her body across the sofa and wiggled her rear at him. He paused so she decided she needed to spice it up a little.

"Come on my big dicked black man. Claim my married pussy."

His touch made her jump, as bolts of excitement went through her like electricity.
The man was behind her and as he slowly pushed his bare black cock into her she was hit by a wave of intense pleasure. She let out a groan and her first climax hit her so hard she couldn't stop herself arching her back. "Fuck me hard!" She begged the man as his cock did things to her that her husband never had. It was beyond anything she'd even hoped it would be and she came again only moments later. The man pulled her back so his mouth was against her ear.

"Talk to the camera and tell it exactly what you're feeling and what you want!"

"I'm coming!" Maria cried. "I'm being fucked by a black god and I love it! I want your cock in me always. Never stop fucking me."

"Are you on the pill." He asked as if he didn't already know.

"NO! I'm not!" She blurted.

"I'd better stop then." He said and tried to pull out.

"NO! Don't you dare! Keep fucking me! I want you to keep fucking me!"

"But if I cum in you, you might get pregnant?"

"I don't care! I want you to keep fucking me!"

"And want me to cum inside you unprotected pussy?"

"YES! Yes cum inside me put your lovely black sperm in my womb."

"You really, truly want me to drop my seed inside you?"

"GOD YES! Fuck me... fuck me and fill me with you lovely sperm. Empty your baby seed in me. I want it deep inside me!"

The man actually laughed at this. He ruined many wives during his time with the company but for one of them to beg him to unload in her when she was unprotected and fertile was simple unreal. Of course it was also such a turn on, it pushed him quickly over the top and gripping her hips he came with a yell.

"Thank you!" She responded with feeling.

"For what?"

"Giving me... giving me the best sex of my life."

"Why doesn't your husband?"

"No, he's repulsive I can't stand him touching me." She blurted this out without thinking.

"But you like the touch of my black cock?"

"Oh yes!"

"So you won't be throwing me out now I've satisfied you?"

"Oh God no! I love this... I love you"

"So if I ask you to fuck me ever day you will... "

"Yes! I'll say yes!"

He pulled out leaving her open and dripping then with her still holding the position he went to the camera and picked it up so he could do a close up.

"Do you want to say anything else Maria?"

She turned her head to look back at the camera and gave a big smile. "My pussy is yours to fuck whenever you want it!"

It was his turn to grin again. He finished recording then stood pulling her with him and they kissed without caring that they could be seen from the street.

He lead her to the bedroom and although he was a man of fifty he knew he could do it one more time, after all that's why he was sent to the women first. 

"Ok, now we'll do it properly!" He stood as she lay compliantly on the bed and mounted her. Maria welcomed his manhood in her enthusiastically. He went in deep and was quickly fully home causing her to reach her next climax in seconds. Max began to make love to her. It was slow gentle and fuelled the woman's passion so that when Maria reached her second climax it was the most intense she'd ever felt. It lasted forever and she clung on to the man as he continued to pleasure her.

"Good?" He asked

"Oh my God Yes!!"

"Is it better than Matt ever was?"

"So much better there is nothing to compare! This is fantastic!"  She climaxed again as she spoke pulling him deep inside her. "I never want this to stop!"

"So you want more black cock?"

"Yes...Oh Yes! I want it always."

"Well you certainly have convinced me now although at first I was sceptical about you. Would you like me to cum in you again.

"I would, I really would."

Max smiled to himself and continued to do things in a slow sensuous way. He wouldn't be finished with the woman for at least another hour by which time she would probably have climaxed more times that day than in the whole of her marriage.

After he'd finally finished he looked across at the woman draped across the bed. She was a really beauty and that made it all the better. She didn't know it but he'd had a vasectomy several years before, prior to his new job so she couldn't get pregnant from him. It was a pity he mused, not for the first time, he'd have loved to knock up one of these middle class women but that was for others to try now that he'd done his work.

*


"Introductions?" The man asked as he was let in to Maria's house.

 "I'm Maria." She then gave him an eager smile as she took his coat. He was certainly old, in his mid-sixties with thin grey hair and he was very overweight but that didn't matter. Maria was programmed to equate black with attractive irrespective of looks and age with pleasure; sixties meant even more pleasure than with Max who had been between her legs several times over the past three days.

She stood proudly as the man ran his hands over her body pulling on her nipples before telling her in his wheezy voice to get onto her knees and welcome him properly.

Maria opened his trousers and began to take him in her mouth. He was hard in seconds so after a few moments and because she was just too hot to wait any longer she sat back and asked him:

"Do you want to have me?"

"Sure."

"How?"

"On your back in your marital bed."

Maria pulled out a condom (she'd practiced this on a banana as Max had suggested) she opened the packet and slid it over the man's erection. She then lay down and opened her legs. She was in heaven; she had a wonderfully mature lover who was about to fuck to oblivion only he didn't, well not just yet.

The man pulled out his own camera and began to take picture of the young married white woman who was about to let him have sex with her even though they'd never met before. Maria looked at the old black man with his large belly, sweaty wrinkly paunch but saw a sexual god.

"Fuck me!" she pleaded.

"What?"

"Fuck this married white slut. Fuck me into submission, use me as your personal whore."

He was on her in moments and pushing his cock deep inside her well lubricated hole. It was great yet as they ground together she felt something was missing.

"What's wrong?" The man asked. "Isn't it any good?"

"It's good but..."

"your husband?"

"What about him?"

"You love him and are feeling guilty." It was actually a key trigger question and he waited for the reply.

Maria was lost in her doubts for a second then her programming kicked in:

"Yes I love him. I want him to provide for me and raise my children..." she hesitated "...but, but... I won't let him inside me again. He doesn't deserve my body you do."

"So what's wrong? Is the condom lubricated enough?"

"It's the condom!" Maria blurted as the thought came to her. On cue the man withdrew and Maria pulled it off him so she could feel him like she'd felt Max. It was strange but yesterday as Max had finished their second day together he let her know that she didn't have to worry about getting pregnant but all that had done was left her feeling strangely let down. The difference was so marked all Maria could do was bring her legs over the man's back as she rushed to her biggest climax. Her head span as she came down from it only to find she was already going up again. Maria coupled with a man older than her father and the awful thought finally came to her:

"I want to be your white whore and I want you to... to... breed me.!" With this pulled him deeply into her. "fuck a baby in me."

Then just when she'd thought it was as good as it could be the man yelled that he was going to cum and his climax triggered Maria's biggest orgasm of her life. Her whole being was centred on the manhood between her legs and every spurt of cum seemed make her contract. She was finally completely and utterly satisfied, even with Max there had been something missing. Maria lay next to the man hoping he would see her again. She wanted to worship him and his cock and wanted more than anything to walk around with his black baby inside her. The man looked at the young woman next to him and couldn't help but laugh. She was looking at him with those adoring eyes almost begging him to take her again and he was happy to oblige knowing no matter what his performance she would have a simply huge climax.

He'd heard a story (which he didn't know but was actually true) of the early experiments with the technology when they were running some so called training videos in a school designed to corrupt the students and turn the girls onto black men. It was said that one became a hopeless interracial slut fucking every black she met and a further seven had begun dating black men including their teacher despite being married. 

He'd also read about one married woman who had a compulsion to have sex with black men whenever she was in a room alone with them and another who could only get off if she did it in front of her husband. 

All of these things had been programmed into them and now he was in the position to request what they should do with Maria. He'd thought about simply making her come to live with him but knew deep down it would end up being more hassle than it was worth. Now being here with her he'd changed his mind anyway. This young woman was so pretty and so sweet he just knew what he had to do.

Firstly he'd make sure she was pregnant then since she was already programmed to hide the race of the baby from her husband until the last week, assuming she carried it to term otherwise it would just be a delivery room surprise. He already hated the husband for being successful and looking at his pictures, a fit attractive looking man so he wanted him to be humiliated.

Firstly Maria would have sex with him but make it obvious his efforts were not very good then she would begin to suggest she needed more than he could give her. He'd read the discussions on the forum about how well this programming worked so now he'd join the numerous members who used their white conquests to destroy their husbands. She would eventually persuade him to let her do other men and it would escalate from there.



Maria was now six month gone but that didn't stop her interesting the Asian teenager who had come to the door to offer them a discount card for a local Indian restaurant. Matt sat gloomily as the kid sat opposite kissing and sucking on her enlarged breasts while she bounced up and down on his cock. It was the third time this week she'd had sex with someone in front of him.

After he'd gone she did him but despite his best efforts she didn't seem to get a lot out of it despite insisting he continue until he came. She dragged him out that Friday again and although he pleaded with her not to she'd started flirting with the son of one of their neighbours who'd they'd bumped into in a bar. Now in a club she was making it very clear what she wanted. The teen came inside his wife as she had a massive orgasm. He told her he couldn't believe they'd just done it but she kissed him and told him he only had to knock on her door to have more. Matt showed the guy out who gave him a look which meant he'd be back very soon. 

It was the following week when Matt's life completely fell apart. Maria had invited some of his work colleges around for a BBQ without his knowledge so when they began to arrive he was nonplussed. Maria sweetly told him it would be fun.

An hour later he watched as Maria stood kissing one of his black co-workers in front of everyone then as the evening wore on she blatantly led him away up the stairs, snatching the ipod from its dock as she went, killing the music. Matt wanted to die especially as the noise of his wife having sex quickly echoed in the now silent house as she begged the man to empty his beautiful black balls into her body. The guests stood silently too nervous and embarrassed to leave as Maria yelled louder that she loved black cock.

Of course just over two months later Maria was taken in early as her waters had broken. I wasn't until he saw the distressed looks from the midwife that he knew something was wrong. The little girl was dark like her father and clearly nothing to do with Matt but Maria held her close and looking at Matt she uttered the words she was programmed to say.

"This was your fault you put the idea into my head".

All he could do was look blankly at his slut of a wife wondering what had happened over the last ten months.
