                             Transformation

               M/F bd ds Fsolo oral humil toys cons ScFi

(C) 2006 Rachel Gumm.  You may freely distribute this story digitally,
but only in full, crediting me as the author.  Please send feedback
to me at cheapslave@googlemail.com - it makes writing these worthwhile.





"I still don't feel any different, master." Jodie sat on the bed,
wearing nothing but her collar.  Ian rarely permitted her to wear
clothes during the evening, except for occasionally ordering her to
put on one of the many slutty outfits he'd bought her.  She always
wore a collar, however: an elegant choker when in public, and her
slave collar at home.  It constantly reminded her of her position,
and more often than not, that alone was enough to keep her in a
perpetual state of very mild arousal.

"Give it time," said Ian as he looked down at her, taking in her
beautiful curves once more.  Going on looks, she was way out of his
league.  He stood over her, unshaven, wearing jeans and a T-shirt.
He knew that strangers often looked at them, wondering how he managed
to get a woman like Jodie.  It was simple.  He did something that
people like her enjoyed.  He fulfilled a role they needed in their
lives - and he was good at what he did.

"Remember the time we went to that fancy Chinese restaurant?"
reminisced Ian, rummaging around in a bedside drawer.  "Beneath that
elegant dress of yours, you were wearing those rubber knickers I got
you, keeping this little device inside you." He pulled out a miniature
vibrating egg.  Using its remote control, he turned it all the way
up, then back down again, and finally off again.  The last time he
had to change the batteries half way through what they were doing,
it had spoilt the mood.  He always learnt from his mistakes.

"I kept you on the verge of having an orgasm for the entire meal,"
he continued, spreading some lube onto the device and rubbing it
around with his finger.  He walked up to Jodie, who was already lying
down on the bed with her legs spread open, openly revealing herself.
It had been months since he'd had to order her to do something obvious
like position herself appropriately for something she could see he
was about to do.  She also learnt from her mistakes.

"When you stifled that gasp, I swear I thought the waiter was going
to drop our dessert." Ian slid the egg into Jodie's cunt.  Her whimper
was so quiet that it was barely audible.

Ian ran his fingers along Jodie's labia before pressing them together.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"I'm fusing your labia together," explained Ian.

Jodie felt her labia tingling and sticking together.  She was suddenly
overwhelmed by panic.

"What the hell are you doing?" she shouted.  She leapt up off the
bed and scrambled to pick up her pocket mirror.  Studying herself,
she almost dropped it in shock.

"I told you." Ian's voice, as always, was completely calm.  "I fused
your labia together to keep the egg inside you."

Jodie traced a finger along her labia.  The join was almost seamless.
Putting the mirror down, she tried to prise them apart with her
hands.  It was no use.  They were firmly stuck together, as if she'd
been born that way.

"I think it just kicked in," speculated Ian, a hint of excitement
sparkling in his eyes.  "You'll have to learn to trust me," he said
in a more stern, almost disappointed voice.  "You'll also have to
learn not to talk back to me or run around frantically, no matter
how scared you are.  You must respect and obey me at all times."

"Sorry, master," apolagised Jodie quietly.  She gazed down at the
floor.

"I'm sure you'll do better next time," said Ian softly.  Perking up,
he continued, "but that still won't let you off your punishment.
You know the rules.  If you can't talk to me with the appropriate
amount of respect, you won't be allowed to talk at all."

Jodie nodded, still staring at the carpet.  This was the part where
he would lock the head harness on her, forcing its bright pink ball
gag into her open mouth.  When she was aroused, having to wear the
harness turned her on even more.  It would have been enough to make
her purposefully speak out of line in order to have it locked in
place on her, were it not for her genuine desire to please her master.

The only down side was that he had a knack of keeping it locked on
her even after she had orgasmed and returned to her regular mindset.
Having to wear it when she wasn't aroused was a major nuisance, which
is why the punishment usually kept her in line when she would otherwise
have slipped up.  Besides, her master was beginning to run out of
excuses for her not being able to answer the phone when her friends
called while she was gagged.

"Look at me, my pretty little slave," said Ian, lifting her chin in
his hand.  She looked up at him, gazing into his authoritative eyes.
"Seal your lips together," he ordered.

"Excuse me, master?" asked Jodie, confused.  Before Ian had a chance
to elaborate, she felt her lips become sticky and merge together the
same way her labia had.  She looked up at him with pleading eyes,
but he just returned her gaze with a knowing smile, as if he was
aware of something she couldn't comprehend.

Jodie scurried to her full-length mirror and, looking at her reflection,
let out a loud but completely muffled scream.  She no longer had a
mouth.  Her flesh was seamless: smooth, pale skin from nose to chin,
from cheek to cheek.

"Try to remain calm," said Ian in his smooth, calming voice.  "I
won't let any harm come to you.  Do you understand?"

Jodie slowly tore her gaze away from the mirror in order to look up
at her master.  With a great deal of effort, she took a deep breath,
then slowly nodded.

"Good," he said, a reassuring smile crossing his face.  "Then let's
begin."



Jodie examined the pleated miniskirt Ian had told her to put on
moments earlier.  She never had liked it very much, but he assured
her that it made her look even more attractive than she already was.

Tonight, however, the skirt was different.  For a start, she couldn't
take it off.  Usually when she couldn't take it off, it was because
Ian had ordered her not to, but tonight it had actually become a
part of her body.  She was just as physically incapable of removing
it as she was of removing her ears.  Even more bizarre was the
realisation that - and however inconceivable it seemed, every caress
of her own fingers on her skirt confirmed this - it wasn't just any
part of her body, but an erogenous zone.  She gently stroked it, as
if making a small enough motion with her thumb might go unnoticed
by her master.

"Go ahead," encouraged Ian.  "I'll allow you to grope and fondle
yourself as much as you like tonight.  Without access to your clit
or cunt, you won't be able to orgasm without my permission anyway."

Only once every week or two did Jodie's master give her permission
to pleasure herself.  Now that she finally had it once more, she
became much more vigorous in her exploration of her newly reshaped
body.  She alternated between gently stroking her labia with her
fingertips, firmly cupping her crotch in her hand, and caressing her
skirt's pleats.  The new sensation it gave her made her tingle all
over.

Her master was right, though, as always.  It wouldn't be enough for
her to orgasm.

Ian smiled down at her.  "Are you ready to talk to me with the
appropriate level of respect, slave?" he asked.

Jodie nodded, gazing up at him with hopeful eyes.

"Then you can have your mouth back," he said.  "But you'll have to
put it to good use."

Jodie had been his slave long enough to understand the euphemism.
She unfastened his jeans, and as she pulled down his underwear, he
brushed his finger against her lips, bringing them back.  She opened
her mouth and instinctively breathed through it for a second before
her master unceremoniously thrusted his dick into it.  She moaned,
half in surprise and half in the warmth of the familiar ritual.

Although servicing her master orally didn't give her any physical
pleasure, it reinforced her position as his slave to give him such
intense pleasure while receiving none in return.  Picturing how
slutty she must have looked while doing it, letting someone violate
her mouth like that, aroused her even more.

Grabbing her long, wavy hair, Ian pulled his slave further onto his
shaft.  She bobbed her head up and down, eagerly sucking at her
mouth's intruder.  She playfully caressed it with her tongue, flicking
it against his helmet or wrapping it around the sides of his stiff
erection.

"That's a good slut," encouraged Ian in a soothing voice as he
continued to rhythmically pull her face towards his crotch.

Eager to please her master as best she could, her sucking and licking
gradually got more intense, and before long, Ian let out a satisfied
grunt as he ejaculated into her mouth.  She dutifully licked every
part of his member clean as he slowly withdrew.

"Very good, my little slut," encouraged Ian as he pulled his underwear
and jeans back on.  "As your reward, I'll let you masturbate until
you orgasm."

"Master, I don't think I'll be able to orgasm without being able to
touch my clit," protested Jodie.

"No," corrected Ian, "you won't be able to orgasm without my permission.
If I order you..." He thought for a second, then grinned.  "_When_
I order you to orgasm, you won't be able to avoid it.  Remember,
your body is completely under my control now."

"Yes, master," said Jodie.  She wasn't convinced, but she wasn't
going to contradict him, especially when he'd been right about
everything else.



Jodie sat cross-legged on the bed, caressing her groin and skirt
while her master sat behind her, groping her breasts.  Occasionally
he'd lick his fingers before resuming with a renewed passion for
pleasuring her.

"You're such a slut," he whispered in her ear before kissing her on
the neck, all the while caressing her erect nipples.  "Look at you,
pleasuring yourself like that." He gently nibbled her earlobe.  "Tell
me what a slut you are."

"I'm a little slut," said Jodie, slipping into another familiar
routine.

Ian pinched her nipples firmly.  "Whose slut?" he demanded.

Jodie let out a pained whimper before answering.  "Your slut," she
said.

"Louder."

"I'm your little slut," she yelled, her voice trembling as she cupped
her groin and started to rub it more forcefully.

"Again."

"I'm your little slut!" Her master squeezed her breasts again.  She
practically melted in his hands.  "I'm your little slut!" She was
building up momentum rubbing her groin.  "I'm your little slut!"
Even the words she said were increasing her arousal, contributing
to the intense feeling that was blocking out the whole world except
for her, her master, and the bed.  "I'm your little slut, I'm your
little slut, I'm your little slut!"

"Come for me," ordered Ian.  He withdrew one of his hands, and before
Jodie had a chance to wonder why, the egg inside her started buzzing,
building up quickly to a frantic pace.  "Orgasm for your master like
the owned little slut that you are."

Jodie screamed with pleasure.  Waves of both intense passion and
release flooded her body and mind as she writhed uncontrollably in
her master's arms.  The feeling was only enhanced by knowing that
even her body's uncontrollable urge to orgasm had now been tamed.
She still had no control over it, but clearly her master now did.
