Sex in Indian family 3

Hasina knew she was driving him wild, but she couldn't help herself.
She was so frantically horny by now, she just had to get off.
Tightening her Choot steadily around his pistoning finger, Hasina flew
higher and higher towards orgasm. She closed her eyes tightly, and her
elfin face became contorted with lust. Then Sameer felt her Choot
clamping like a vise around his sawing finger.

"Oooooo, shit, yeah! That's it! You're making me cum, bhaiya... you're
making me cummmmmmm!" Hasina wailed, her petite body bucking violently.

"Uuuuuuhhhhhh, God!" Sameer groaned.

It was exquisite torture to kneel there and feel his didi's snug
little Choot coming all around his deeply thrusting finger. Her
juice-spurting Choot squeezed and sucked at his finger, and he could
just imagine how fantastic that tight, hot action would feel around
his Lund. Hasina went on writhing and bucking and moaning for almost a
full minute, then fell back with a long, satisfied sigh.

"Oh, wow, did I ever need that," she exclaimed. "Thanks a lot, little
bhai, I feel a whole lot better."

"You got your rocks off, didi..." said Sameer, rubbing the huge bulge
in the crotch of his trunks, "... now, what about me?"

Hasina could hardly keep from giggling, as he looked so pathetic. His
face was red, his eyes bulging out as he stared down at her with a
look of frustration on his handsome young face. His Lund looked ready
to tear its way out of his swimming trunks. He was the perfect picture
of total horniness.

"Okay, I guess you deserve something for getting me off so nicely,"
teased Hasina.

She could hardly wait to get her hands of her bhai's gorgeous big
Lund, but she didn't want him to know that. Besides, it was making her
horny again just watching him lust after her like this.

Hasina helped him out of the swimsuit and gasped as his stiff Lund
sprang into view. It was fully erect and throbbing with swollen blue
veins. Hasina curled her fingers around it and began to pump her fist
up and down the hard, pulsating shaft. Sameer flinched and moaned,
closing his eyes in ecstasy at his didi's tightly clenched fist pumped
his Lund.

"Feels a lot better than your own hand did this morning in the
bathroom, doesn't it, Sameer, darling?" she whispered, bending forward
to kiss her bhai passionately.

He kissed her back, his tongue dueling with hers inside her hot moist,
little mouth. He was extremely excited at the thought that his didi
had watched him jerking off in the bathroom and wondered if that had
precipitated her horny, seductive behavior this afternoon. Then,
suddenly, he didn't care any more, because his balls were churning in
orgasm.

He'd gotten so horny, finger-fucking Hasina's juicy Choot and her hot
little fist on his Lund was doing such an expert job, she had him
cumming already. Sameer roared as his Lund suddenly exploded with a
huge eruption of jizz. He was coming right in her pumping fist, and
Hasina shivered with excitement as she watched. She knew he was turned
on, but she hadn't realized just how acutely horny he was. It had only
taken a couple of strokes, and he was coming like a stud bull. He
sprayed his thick boiling come all over the blanket. Then he shivered
with relief and looked sheepish.

She pushed him down on his back, knelt beside him, and went on pumping
his Lund. She knew he'd have another hard-on in no time at all. Sameer
was about the horniest boy she'd ever known. He watched her, blissed-
out, and slowly but steadily his young Lund began to grow again in her
pumping fingers.

"Wow, you sure do recover fast, Sameer" she murmured.

"With a gorgeous girl like you tugging on my Lund, didi, what else can
a horny guy do?" grinned Sameer, reaching out to stroke his didi's
juicy-wet Choot-slit.

She moaned as he inserted two stiff fingers and twisted them slowly
around.

"Uhhhh yeah, keep doing that and I'll cum again!", moaned Hasina,
speeding up her hand on her bhai's rapidly-hardening Lund.

"How 'bout you give my Lund a big didi's kiss, right on the head."

Hasina giggled and leaned down between his legs, doing exactly as he
suggested. Her lips sucked gently on the head of her bhai's Lund and
Sameer moaned with pleasure as she stuck the tip of her tongue into
the tiny slit at the top. Then, she stuck out her tongue and began
licking the swelling knob all over.

Sameer flinched and gasped with delight. His didi's hot little tongue
was like wet velvet on the sensitive head of his Lund. He felt his
balls filling fast and hard with another boiling load of come. But
this time, he wasn't going to waste it. If all went well, he'd soon be
spurting his jizz down his pretty didi's throat.

"Uhmmmmmhhh, yeahhhh, Didi, that feels fuckin' fantastic!" he groaned.

Hasina firmed her grip on his mushrooming Lund and pumped it faster,
and she soon got what she was after. Thick globs of cream began to
ooze from his piss hole. Her mouth drooled at the sight, and she
quickly lapped up the hot salty cream and swallowed it down hungrily.
It had been more than a week since she'd tasted Lund-juice, and she
was starved for it.

His Lund ballooned to its full dimensions, pushing her pumping fingers
wide apart. The head of his Lund swelled into a big purple knob, and
more and more pearly cream bubbled from the cleft. Hasina gobbled it
up as fast as she could spear it up on her greedy little tongue.
Sameer watched his didi hungrily lapping up his juice, and he shivered
with lust.

Things got even better. When she'd cleaned his Lund head of all that
cream, she opened her lips as wide as she could and slid them down
around his rock-hard boner. She took in the head and part of the
shaft. The rest she busily pumped as she drew in her cheeks and
started to suck. Her sucking was strong and loud and greedy, bringing
Sameer's lust to the boiling point.

"Uhhhhhh, fuuuuuuck! Didi, your mouth feels like a fucking Choot!",
moaned Sameer, hunching his hips at her face.

His didi's lips were hot and tight around his meat, and she seemed to
be trying to suck the jizz right out of his balls. In a minute or two
that was exactly what would happen. Sameer snorted with pleasure and
anticipation.

"Ooooooh, shit yeah! Suck it, Didi! Suck my fuckin' Lund!" he panted.

Hasina didn't need to be urged on. She was sucking noisily and
greedily on his swollen Lund, eager for a steaming mouthful of his
jism. Each hungry suck of his didi's mouth gave Sameer a blast of
pleasure and made him groan and writhe. Her head bobbed furiously up
and down, her long brown curls bouncing. He could feel her hot saliva
boiling around his Lund. Sameer spun out of control and started
fucking her mouth. He groaned, closed his eyes, and pistoned his Lund
back and forth over his didi's slippery tongue. Hasina groaned with
excitement and drooled all over her bhai's stabbing Lund. It was just
a few seconds later that she felt the first hot jet of cum against the
back of her throat.

"Uuuuhhhh, shit, Didi, I'm coming, aaaaahhhnnnnghhhh!" Sameer roared.

Hasina let his delicious boiling jism collect in her mouth till her
cheeks bulged with it, savoring the salty flavor. Then she gulped it
down, moaning with excitement. Sameer groaned and fucked her gulping
mouth till he'd jetted the last drop of his cum into his didi's
sucking mouth, then flopped back with a loud sigh of satisfaction.
Hasina licked her lips to get every bit of his tasty load.

"Well, Sameer, I'm gonna go crazy if I don't get fucked pretty soon,"
said Hasina, shamelessly rubbing her juicy wet Choot against her
bhai's thigh. "So, how about getting that big horse-Lund of yours hard
again and helping me out?"

"Okay, Didi! You talked me in to it!", he grinned.

"Ohhhh, yeahhh!" she purred, reaching for his Lund. "Let's fuck,
little bhai!"

It didn't take any time at all for Hasina to pump him into hardness.
Sameer imagined sticking his Lund into that hot, velvety little hole
of hers, and that was all it took. His tireless teenaged Lund
mushroomed into iron-hardness, throbbing eagerly against Hasina's
stroking fingers. Finally, she drew back and stared at the big stiff
pole throbbing between her fingers.

"Mmmmm, fantastic," she gurgled, "Come on... let's get that gorgeous
big Lund inside me!"

Sameer was so excited, he was shaking. Hasina seemed a lot more calm,
but he could see how chudasi she was from the way she kept looking at
his engorged Lund and licking her lips. Hasina lay down on her back,
bent her knees, and opened her legs wide. He crawled between them and
let himself down on her.

"Fuck me, Sameer!", she panted, spreading her legs wide and clinging
to her little bhai like a leech. "Fuck that long hard Lund into my
Choot, and make me cum!"

Sameer started shoving his rigid Lund against her Choot, but all it
did was skid up and down through Hasina's cream-slick Choot. In his
adolescent eagerness, he couldn't seem to find her hungry young Choot
hole. They both moaned with impatience and frustration as the
fruitless search continued. Finally Hasina reached down, grabbed her
bhai's rock-hard Lund, and thrust the bloated head into her snug but
incredibly juicy Choot opening.

"There," she panted, "now push! Push hard!"

"Uhhhhh, Didi!" Sameer groaned as he shoved into her.

In one long, greedy thrust he sheathed his Lund to the balls in his
didi's juicy, clinging Choot. He paused to savor the sensation, his
Lund throbbing against every inch of her tightly-gripping little
fuckhole. Hasina gurgled with excitement and soaked her little bhai's
Lund with hot spurts of Choot-cream.

"Oooooh, Sameer! God, that feels soooooo good," she squealed.

"Unnnghhhhh! It sure fuckin' does," he sighed blissfully. "God, you're
tight! Ohhhhhhhhh!"

Sameer started working his Lund in and out of his didi's hot clingy
Choot, and it didn't take him long to get a good steady rhythm going.
He fucked into her hard and fast, and Hasina eagerly responded by
arching her slender young hips up, taking her little bhai's pistoning
Lund as deep as she could get it, moaning blissfully as his thick
shaft rubbed deliciously up and down over her clit.

"Ohhhhh, yeahhh! Fuck me, Sameer! Ummmmmm, that feels soooooo good."
she moaned.

"It sure does!" he muttered, staring down at the look of utter bliss
on his didi's pretty face.

He was fucking her ferociously, but Hasina seemed to like it. Sameer
still couldn't believe all this was happening. Of course, like all
bhais, he'd had the occasional lustful thoughts about his sexy didi,
but he'd dismissed them as adolescent fantasy. Now he was actually
doing it.. he was fucking her, and Hasina loved it!

Sameer kept slamming into upthrust slit with his Lund, jabbing it as
fast and hard as he could to in his didi's snug and juicy Choot.
Fucking her was even more fun than he'd imagined. As his excitement
grew, he fucked her faster and harder, but she never seemed to mind
his roughness. In fact Sameer noticed that the harder he fucked her,
the more aroused his didi seemed to get.

"Am I fucking you too hard, Didi?" he asked, just to be sure.

"Ohhhhhh, no, Baby, I love it!" she gurgled.

As far as Hasina was concerned, it wasn't possible to be fucked too
hard. She craved his eager roughness. She was way overdue for a good
hard fucking, and gentleness wasn't what she wanted at all, not this
afternoon. She needed to be fucked till her teeth rattled, till she
couldn't take any more. She clung to him, hunching her hips up at
every powerful thrust, her clinging Choot drenching his pounding Lund
with endless floods of cream.

"Oooooooooh, Goddddd! Fuck it to me, fuck it to meeee!" Hasina wailed.

Sameer did just that, pile-driving his long, thick Lund deep up into
his didi's squirming Choot. It excited him immensely to see how
genuinely aroused his didi was. No girl he'd ever fucked before had
creamed so hot and heavy around his Lund as he pounded her so deeply.
And she was fucking right back at him, jerking her hips to his rhythm,
arching her slim body hard against his, her tight, clasping little
Choot taking his huge Lund inside her to the balls on every stroke.

Each time he shoved it into her, Hasina squealed with delight and
soaked his Lund with another molten spurt of cream. Her excitement
infected him, and he snorted with lust and fucked into her even
harder, their bodies slapping loudly together. Like two rutting
animals, bhai and didi went at each other with snarls and growls and
yelps, totally carried away with their incestuous pleasure.

"Unnhhhh, fuck it to me, Sameer, fuck the living shit out of me!"
Hasina wailed.

Sameer was beyond words. He was concentrating on the pleasure building
in his loins, glutting himself on the hot sensations as his Lund
pistoned in and out of her tight clasping sheath. He was fucking his
squealing didi with lightning speed, making her petite body shudder
with the impact. He felt her Chootsuddenly tightening around his pile-
driving Lund, just as it had tightened around his finger earlier, and
he realized she was coming. Hasina sobbed in ecstasy as the delicious
spasms of climax shook her body. Sameer could feel her strong-muscled
little Choot squeezing his Lund almost flat and soaking it with flood
after flood of sizzling come - cream. But he had his second wind now
and wasn't tempted to come along with her.

He hoped they could go on fucking all day! Sameer went on stroking her
with his Lund, reaming her convulsing Choottill she finally went limp
and panting. She had a horny little grin on her face as she enjoyed
the continuing pumping action of his rock- hard Lund. She opened her
eyes and looked at him delightedly.

"Sameer, your Lund's still hard!" she said.

"You bet, Didi," he panted, "And I'm gonna fuck your garam, chudasi
Choot till you faint!"

"Oooohhh, Sameer! I sure hope so!" Hasina said eagerly, "but let's try
it another way now, okay?"

"Okay," he agreed.

He wasn't quite sure what she meant, but he didn't care. As long as
they got to fuck, fine, he didn't care how they did it. She pushed him
off her, and his cream-soaked Lund snapped free, dripping and rigid.
Hasina rolled onto her elbows and knees and stuck her cute little
Gaand out at him.

"Let's try it this way," she giggled. "I like fucking doggy- style."

"Yeah, so do I!", Sameer grinned.

He knelt behind her and grasped her hips. There wouldn't be any
difficulty finding the entrance of her Chootthis time. It was right
there in front of him, a cream-oozing little hole at the very center
of her luscious-looking pink Choot. He fitted the swollen head of his
Lund about an inch inside, then held it there, teasing her. Hasina
moaned and wriggled impatiently.

"Come on, Sameer! Stick that thing in me, dammit!" she wailed.

One climax hadn't even made a dent in her need. Being away from Munna
for over a week had brought her lust to fever pitch, and she needed
several good fuckings to cool that hot desire. And right now her
teasing little bhai wasn't helping matters. She whimpered with need as
molten juice overflowed her starving Choot and ran down her thighs.
Sameer had better get his act together. she thought furiously. And
just then, he did.

"Ooooooooh, fuck, shit, uuuuuuuhhhh!" she moaned.

At last he was giving her what she craved, the whole rock-hard length
of his swollen Lund. She whimpered in ecstasy as he eased it into her,
cramming her full of what she so desperately desired, his thick,
throbbing Lund. Sameer pushed till he was up against her womb, and she
soaked his Lund with floods of juice.

"Ohhhhh, yeah, honey, now fuck me hard with that gorgeous big Lund,"
she sobbed. "give it to me good and deep!"

Sameer couldn't believe how chudasi his didi was. She wasn't in the
mood for gentleness or playfulness. She just wanted him to fuck her
brains out. But he was only too happy to oblige. He got a firm grip on
her slim curvy hips and immediately began to hammer his Lund into her,
his flat, muscular belly slapping loudly against her jiggling Gaand.
Hasina shrieked with delight as she took his thrusts balls-deep into
her eager young Choot and pressed her gaand back at him for more.

"Ohhhhh, yeah, Sameer, fuck it to me," she panted, "fuck me as hard as
you can!"

Sameer snorted lustily and pounded it to her, knowing by now that she
could take everything he had to offer, the harder the better. His
demure-looking didi had a craving for Lund, and there was nobody
around but him to help her out. The situation suited Sameer just fine.
Hasina clawed the blanket and creamed helplessly as her lusty teenaged
bhai gave her a teeth- rattling fuck.

Now she greedily tightened her Choot around Sameer's hammering Lund,
getting more and more delicious hot friction. She couldn't stop
juicing, and the molten liquid spurted out around his pistoning Lund
and gushed down her legs. Each deep, savage thrust of her bhai's
rock-hard Lund gave her a powerful blast of pleasure.

"Unnnhhhh, yeah, Sameer, fuck me good and hard," she moaned, "fuck me
forever."

Sameer just wished he could grant that request. He didn't ever want to
haul his Lund out of his didi's tiny sucking Choot. It was deliciously
hot and slippery in there, and the walls of her Chootwere like velvet.
It was the perfect place to hammer his engorged Lund. Each lusty deep
thrust gave him a stab of pleasure that made him groan.

"Awwwww, shit, Didi, it's so fuckin' good," he rasped.

"It sure is," Hasina gurgled.

"Unnnnhhhh, yeah, I'm almost there," squealed Hasina, looking back
over her shoulder at her bhai. "Fuck me! Ohhhhhhh, God! Fuck meeeeeee!

Sameer could feel it. Her Choot was practically flattening his Lund,
it was so tight, and he knew by now that she always tightened up just
before she came. But this time she was gorging herself on the hot
sensations, deliberately postponing her climax. That gave Sameer a
wicked idea. He loved sneak attacks on his didi, loved surprising her
and throwing her off guard. He remembered how sensitive her clit was.
Still hammering his steel-hard Lund in her hungrily squeezing Choot,
he reached down between her thighs, grasped her throbbing joy button
between his fingers, and started kneading it. It was just like
pressing a button and launching a rocket.

"Oooooo, shit, unnhhggghhhh!" Hasina screamed, her petite young body
immediately rocking with orgasmic convulsions. "Ooooo, Sameer, I'm
coming!"

Sameer chuckled over the success of his plan, then groaned with
pleasure as her tiny hot Choot convulsed around his deeply thrusting
Lund. His Lund got a violent, juicy massage. But once more he managed
to hold off his own orgasm. Sameer wasn't finished with his horny big
didi yet. He was determined to turn their first fuck into a marathon
of pleasure. That way she'd be more willing to let him fuck her again
whenever he wanted.

"Unnnhhhh, fuck, that's so good.... so fucking good!" Hasina sobbed.

"Good one, Didi?" he asked smugly, when she finally stopped coming.

"Ohhhhhh, Sameer! That was fantastic!", murmured Hasina dreamily.

Then she gave her Choot a squeeze around his deeply imbedded Lund.

"Doesn't that thing ever go soft?"

"Are you complaining, Didi?", laughed Sameer, giving his didi's Choot
a long, deep grind with his Lund.
cont........4
