The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in which it is
legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or any
other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder, except
may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access, noncommercial archive sites.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

Please!  Give me your comments.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

This is the repost of a fifty-two chapter mind control, multi person romance. 


MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 48

Making Up My Mind

When I awakened, Lisa and I were plastered together by the sweat from the heat of our bodies
wrapped in the mink rug.  When I unrolled us from the mink, the cold air hit her.  Her nipples got
hard and she shivered as goose bumps covered her. 

"Cold," she murmured as she curled into the prenatal position.  

I covered her again before going in the bedroom. Mary and Andy were still asleep.  They were so
lovely together with beautiful breasts and legs and asses and faces and long blonde hair.  Mary's
hand and arm lay across Andy's side protectively, but otherwise they were not touching. 

Mary was on her left side, legs drawn up toward her chest.  I lay beside her, spooning her.  She
instinctively moved her ass back against me.  My cock wormed his way between her thighs until
his head nestled at her entrance.  I put a hand on each hip to spread the flesh of her ass and thighs,
letting my shaft worm through until it was buried in her warm wetness.

Neither of us moved externally, but I felt her pussy gently squeezing then releasing my cock. 

"Good morning," she whispered.  "Nice way to wake up."

I gently moved in her, my left arm under her head, my right arm around her pinning her arm to her
side with her breast in my hand as I kneaded it.  Gentle and slow.  When I whispered "on your
back," she whispered "yes, my love" and rolled over. What a beautiful, happy, sweet face Mary
has.  She pulled her legs up, feet flat on the bed.   Her fingers grasped my cock and guided me
into her again. The bed moved as Lisa crawled in beside us on my left.  Andy was awake and
watching on my right, her hands still cuffed under her chin, her eyes bright and shiny.  

I love fucking Mary, the hard softness, the demanding surrender, the wet tightness of her pussy. 
Today, she seemed unusually needy, her legs tight around me, arms holding me fiercely.  After I
felt the second on Mary's orgasms, I stuffed my cock against her cervix and came deep in her. She
held me a long time before she relaxed and I moved off her. 

No doubt all three of my kittens loved the taste of my cum.  They all willingly and frequently took
me in their mouths, encouraging me to ejaculate there. And, if I came in one of them, another
would take my cum from her which was delightful for both of them.  This time, Lisa slipped
between Mary's splayed legs, burying her mouth in Mary's pussy to slurp what I had left and she
so desired.  After Mary's whispered pleading, Lisa turned around and lowered her pussy to Mary's
mouth to enjoy from her the kind of pleasure she was giving. 

They often did that.  Never was a drop of cum wasted in my house.

Andy smiled up at me.  I lay by her and cupped a breast as she reached to kiss me, her mouth
eager against mine. We lay there loving on each other, listening to the slurping and moaning next
to us. 

I slipped my hand down Andy's flat stomach to her shaven pussy.  She jerked involuntarily as my
finger slid into her.  

"Going to fuck me?" she asked, wrinkling her nose.

"No.  Just tease you a little."

"Bastard," she sighed as her legs opened wider. 

I continued to tease and play with Andy.  I enjoyed the heat it built in her. Poor Andy.  With her
hands bound, she could not play with herself.  She would be horny all day.  Or, until I relented. 

I relented, letting Andy orgasm from my playing with her.  We heard the orgasms of Lisa and
Mary as we lay in each other's arms. Then, I led Lisa into the bathroom.

"Give me your birth control pills," I commanded.

She launched herself into me, crushing me with a hug and burying me in kisses before she gave me
the pills.  I flushed them down the toilet.  She watched wide-eyed as the pills swirled away, then
bounced in to tell Andy and Mary of her joy. 

Now, all three of them could get pregnant at any time. As you probably know, a woman usually
does not necessarily get pregnant immediately when she goes off the pill.  Sometimes, it can take a
year for her hormones to adjust.  But, the clock was running. 

I wondered who would get pregnant first and when, what the children would be like, what would
be the impact on our lives.  I tried to picture them with their bellies bloated with my children. 

Why, you may ask, would any man want to live with three pregnant women? 

Sometimes, I wondered myself. I remembered my mother's change in disposition when she was
pregnant with Cathy.  Having three hormonal women might be a lot, but it would be fun, too. 
Having them pregnant together would be a good comparison of the effect on them.

Partially, it was male pride.  I knew I planned to be seen with them in public when they showed.  I
liked the idea of other men and women looking at us and knowing I had three gorgeous females,
each with a gold ring on her thumb, pregnant by me at the same time. 

Being pregnant together and giving birth at approximately the same time would bond them
together which was another goal of mine.  I planned for all of them to nurse all the children,
building a mother-child bond with each of them with each child, not just the one they brought into
this world. Of course, I planned to make sure there was plenty of fresh milk for me. 

I was not concerned about having someone to fuck while they were in their sexual inactivity times.
I still had all those other kittens to try out.

Except for throwing away Lisa's pills, that was a fairly typical day for us in early January.  The
four of us spent a lot of time together, in bed and out.  We skied and fucked, then talked and
fucked, and then slept and fucked.  It was a very enjoyable time, a settling time, a bonding time.  I
did not give much thought to the formula during this period.  Since I had obtained the formula, my
anxiety about it had disappeared. 

The thought which dominated every waking moment was how to structure my life.

Basically, it came down to the following options.

Option one would be to live with just these three, with no other women for me and no other men
for them. 

Or, I could have these three without other women but let Mary and Lisa have other men
occasionally just for fun.  

Or, I could live with these three and have other women on the side, like Uncle Bert did.  Then,
there would be two sub options, let Mary and Lisa have other men or do not let them.

Or, as I had originally planned,  I could build a harem, ten to twenty of them for my use only.  I
pictured that, with twenty women sitting around in sexy harem clothes waiting to please me.  I
must admit it was an intriguing picture.

I even considered, if I did build a harem, having three or four guys programmed so they would
have sex with the kittens when the kittens asked to keep the kittens happy.  Of course, these guys
would be programmed to be slaves to the kittens, which made them slaves to me, too. They would
have vasectomies. Still, it would not be a bad life for them. 

I could have restricted the entire harem to me only, but, as I think you know by now, I really liked
these women and I really liked sex.  I could program them to not want sex at all except when I
suggested it and then to be wildcats.  But, I wanted them to have fun, too, and I wanted the fun of
them being spontaneous.

The idea of twenty women just sitting around waiting to be fucked sounds like a great fantasy but
in reality, it was not for me.  It should be clear by now I was as interested in what was between
their ears as what was between their legs.  I mean, I liked their personalities. I liked them.

I had watched as both Mary and Lisa fucked other guys.  Seeing Lisa fucking others was a turn on
for me.  I knew she enjoyed it so much, both the act itself and the humiliation of being a slut.  But,
seeing Mary was not a turn on.  It was not a turn off, just neutral.  The thought of anyone else
fucking Andy made my blood boil.   I would never share her with another man. 

The thought occurred to me that my view was the same as theirs.  Andy did not want to be shared. 
 Mary wanted to be only if it pleased me and I ordered her to do it.  And, Lisa liked the impact on
her.

If I did not program them to be asexual unless I wanted them and if I did not have some back up
studs to service them, I did not think I could keep twenty of them sexually satisfied without
wearing my cock down to a nub.  Be realistic.  They all wanted sex at least five times a week.  Five
times twenty is one hundred.  One hundred divided by seven is fourteen and a fraction.  Since I
preferred long loving sessions, say a minimum of an hour each, that would be fourteen hours a day
or more. You can get too much of a good thing.

Now, take a minute.  

Think about the kittens and all those other women out there.  Think about how good Andy and
Mary and Lisa are in bed and how much they love you.  Think about already having three when
most men do not have one as sexual and loving as any of them. 

Think about all the others you would find appealing and want to try on for size.  Think about the
stars you see on TV or the models in the magazines cavorting in bikinis on the beach.  Remember. 
All of them would be available to you.

Think about the kittens.  If you cared for them as I do, you want would them to be happy.  Of
course, you could order them to be happy and they would be happy because it was an order.  Is
that kind of happiness as good as the other kind?  Is it good enough?

Let your cock think, too.  What would he want?  We definitely want him to be happy.

You girls out there think which you would like to be.  Would you like to be one of a large harem
available to only one man?  Or, part of a harem that has five or six male slaves to service you when
you wanted, meaning your life is just one big fuck session?  Or, just one of three women, part of a
family?  Would you want to have my baby?  Or, any baby? Would you want to be shared or kept
exclusive?  And, would it be important to you that your man considered what you wanted? Or, to
you want to be told what will happen and be expected to obey without comment?

It is a complex and interesting dilemma, isn't it?

So, have you decided?  

I had.

It was January 12 when I called them all together.  Dinner was over and the kitchen was spotless. 
All three were wearing the ever present jeans which looked delightful on all of them. They had on
sweaters and shoes, just typical ski country clothes. When I began to undress, they did the same.  

"Kneel," I said.  They all complied, knees spread, back slightly arched, hands on thighs, palms up. 
The three of them were in a line, knees touching, waiting for me to speak.  In turn, I kissed each
one and each gave me a hot, full tongued delightful kiss.  

"I have reached a decision on what I want to do," I said.  

All three waited intently and quietly.  You could hear a pin drop before I spoke.

"First, I love each of you very much and I would never want to be without any of you.  The four
of us will live together as we have been.  I will take other women when I wish, just as Uncle Bert
did.  Lisa and Mary, I may occasionally share you when it makes me happy to do so, but normally
it will be just me, and it will be only me until you are pregnant.  Andy, you are only for me." 

Well, did you reach the same decision? If not, well, differences are what makes the world go
around.

The kittens apparently liked my decision.  All three of them piled on me with soft murmurings and
warm tears and gentle, caressing hands.  That led to the placement of mouths on body parts which
led to, oh, you know.  

The bright Colorado sun awakened me on January 14 as it poured in through the open curtains.
None of us had been out of the house on the thirteenth.  We cuddled nakedly all day.  Come on!  I
don't need to describe it.  You know enough about us by now. Picture three wonderful, sexy
kittens and one very lucky tom cat in bed all day.

Lisa brought me my coffee in bed while Andy and Mary fixed breakfast.

"What are we going to do today, sweetheart?"  Andy asked as we cleaned up afterward.

"I have an assignment from Uncle Bert.  I need to go to Glenwood Springs."

You remember the assignment.  Go to the hotel in Glenwood and ask for Jose, the bellman.  Give
him five one-hundred dollar bills and he would give me something. 

All four of us went, arriving there about ten.  What Jose gave me was a heavy file cabinet which I
loaded in the back of the Suburban.  It was locked and dust covered, but when I unlocked it at the
Glenwood Springs ranch house, I found it full of treasure.

Inside the cabinet was all the information about the 3,000 kittens.

Uncle Bert, as I have said, was a very organized man.  The cabinet contained a series of three ring
loose leaf binders.  Inside the binders, in alphabetical order, of course, were laminated pages, one
woman per page.  The front side was pictures of her.  Some of the pictures were clothed, some
without clothing. Most were pictures no more sexy then the ones printed in the tabloids but a few
of them were wild pictures of Uncle Bert fucking them.

The back of the page was a history of her.  It contained name, addresses, phone numbers, even
e-mail for the newer additions.  It had complete measurements and the names of husbands or
children.  It also had her likes and dislikes, her particular kinks, and comments from Uncle Bert.

Since it had been a while since we had been at the ranch house, it lacked provisions. We phoned in
an order for pizza and set down to go through the binders.  

Talk about interesting reading, to know each of these women had been fucked and programmed
by Uncle Bert and were available to me. Lisa was not there but she was my kitten and had never
belonged to Uncle Bert.  Andy and Mary were missing, too. But, all my female relatives were
included, every one of them.  Uncle Bert really had liked Mom and given her some lovely
comments.  After reading what he said, I was not particularly interested in pursing any of my aunts
and cousins, with the exception of Edwina, who made Xena look like a wimp. 

There were actresses and models, homemakers (I prefer that term  to "housewife"), professional
women (legal and illegal professions), kittens of all types and shapes and colors.

"Look, Davy! Here is Mistress Diana," Andy exclaimed.

She was in there.  After reading it, we knew she had been a woman he programmed.  He saw her
dominant nature, had her trained and set her up in business.  And, he had sent other kittens to
Diana to be trained just as he sent Andy and me.

Eve was there.  While her sheet had a publicity closeup of her uniquely appealing face, the one of
Uncle Bert fucking her was more fun to see. All the other babes were there and stars of other
series. I could tell you about a kink of two in those stars.   

I recognized a few women I had seen walking the streets of Vail or Aspen.  I saw some who did
not appeal to me.  I saw some who made my cock swell. 

It was Mary's idea to go through the binders and pick out the ones I should fuck. Soon, the three
of them were on the floor, the binders in disarray before them as they pulled out the sheets of the
"keepers" as they called them. You might think I should be reaching this decision, but I was not
even consulted.

"Sweetheart, why don't you go buy some food and stuff. We will work through these for you,"
Andy said as she looked up from the pile.

I learned later their system.  All three of them read each sheet. If a kitten thought it was a "yes,"
she put the sheet in the "yes" pile. Then, all three went through the "yes" pile and discussed it. 
Sounds like a human resources' department reviewing resumes, doesn't it?

As they prepared dinner, I went through the "triple A" pile, which were the sheets all three
approved of.  There was a "double A" pile and a "single A" pile, too. I quickly scanned some of
the rejects.  Honestly, my kittens did pick out the best ones. 

What a life, what a life!  Three sexy, wonderful, beautiful women, all three of whom were
magnificent in bed and anxious to please me and to have my child, selecting the best of the rest for
me to fuck.  If it seems too good to believe, but, remember, they were programmed that way.

Over dinner, we discussed the keepers.  My kittens reasoning and selection criteria were
interesting.  This one is a track star and has strong legs.  That one has huge breasts.  This one is
black or Hispanic or Korean or a red head or is plump.  That one wants her husband to participate. 
This one wants her husband to be tied up and watch.  That one likes to do it in public. This one
wants to be whipped and fucked up the ass.  That one likes to suck a man's cock while her German
Shepard fucks her doggy style (how else would a German Shepard fuck?).  And, so on.

There were 253 of them in the "triple A" pile. 

"We want you to start working your way through these kittens as soon as you can, Davy,"  Mary
said.

"Why?" I asked, somewhat puzzled by their enthusiasm.

Andy took my chin in her hand, guiding my head to look at her. 

"Because the more you fuck other women, the more you will realize none of them equal the three
you have at home," she said softly.


To be continued . . . 

Please!  Give me your comments

E-mail address:  ezriter@hotmail.com
