Author: Ajax
Title: Michelle - Quick and Dirty
Summary: I'm a sixteen-year old guy from a tiny town. My little sister Michelle is twelve years old. She's as horny as I am, and we need to explore...
Keywords: mg, inc, preg

Michelle - Quick and Dirty
by Ajax

(mg, inc, preg)

I'm a sixteen-year old guy from a tiny town. My little sister Michelle is twelve years old. She's as horny as I am, and we need to explore...

---

Michelle is a natural blonde. Beautiful, long curly hair. I had seen her naked for years, usually during bath time when we were growing up. She got shy about being nude around me not long after she turned ten.

Her shy period didn't last that long. After a year of not seeing her little hairless slit, I found out what it felt like, when we started playing with each other's bodies. It was just a matter of time before things went further.

She tiptoed into my bedroom one night, after she made sure our parents had gone to sleep. 'Chelle was wearing a thin little Hello Kitty t-shirt, and the tiniest pair of pink panties she had. She climbed on my bed and straddled me, pulling off her t-shirt. She thrust out her little A-cups, waiting for my hands to touch them.  

I massaged them for only a moment, enough to feel her baby nipples start to harden. Then I trailed my fingers down to her waist, where her tiny pink panties were waiting. This was what I really wanted. I gently pulled her undies down around her butt as best as I could, and instantly reached for her little slot. Michelle's little snatch smelled light; it sort of reminded me of fresh-cut cucumbers, with just a tiny hint of pee.

"Mmm, Evan, feels so good," she moaned as I rubbed her clit. I could feel the new little crop of fine hair on her mound. I rolled her over on her back and finished removing her panties. She pinched her tiny pink nipples as I got between her spread legs. She knew what was going to happen now, since I knew her school friends had introduced her to porn videos. I had peeked into her room from time to time while she was watching some; I knew my little 'Chelle was fascinated by creampie vids.

I rubbed my dick along her slit. Dry on the outside, but so wet when I spread her lips apart. "Ooohh, mmm, ohgod." Michelle's body twiched hard with anticipation. She raised her legs up high, letting me know what she wanted.  

The head of my cock found its rightful place at the opening of her vulva. I pushed in, loving the sound of her squeal with pain and pleasure as I popped her cherry and started pistoning in and out of her sweet, slippery hole.

My sis begged me to go slow, adjusting to my cock in her, slick with her virgin blood. After a few minutes, she got into it. Slow at first; I was amazed at how enthusiastic she was. "Mmm, Evan, cum in me," Michelle begged me, staring at me with her pale blue eyes. 'Chelle's raw, already-tight vagina closed around me as I started thrusting. I couldn't deny her request.

"Hahh, hah - mmmGOD, ahahahh, hah, hah," my kid sister gasped as I plunged my cock into her deepest recesses. The scent of our sex was strong; it was definitely not as fresh and clean as I remembered us smelling before.

"Like it, 'Chelle? OOHHHhh, ohmygod, sis," I moaned as I admired the sight of my dick dissappearing inside her tight, twelve-year old cunt.

"Oh God, Evan - haahaahh, mmmyeah. I love it!"  Michelle pulled on her thick blonde hair.  I started pumping into her harder. Our slick, squishing, slapping fuck sounds were loud; I'm surprised our parents didn't hear it.

'Chelle slapped the soles of her feet on the back of my shins as she came, arching her back. Her little heaven convulsed, and I rammed my dick home hard, balls deep. So fucking amazing; my spurts of jizz filled her up in my final, shallow thrusts. She wrapped her skinny legs around my waist; I sunk into her a little deeper, and I could feel our combined wetness sliding around my cock.

"AHH! AH AH AH AH! Ohhhhhh my fuckin' GOD, Evan," Michelle gasped as she shuddered with another orgasm. THAT should've woken up mommy and daddy, but it didn't happen, thank god.

I inhaled the scent of our fucking as I finished shooting my load inside her tiny pussy. Combined with the fresh scent of the fabric softener our mom used on everything, the light, cucumber-y smell of 'Chelle's twelve-year old vagina and the musk of everything else, the room was filled with a memorable scent.  Yes, I could tell every distinct smell apart; it's a blessing and a curse.  That's for another time.  Anyway...

I rolled back over so she was on top of me again, my softening wet rod easily slipping out of her. My baby sis covered my face with long, soft kisses, her blonde curls spilling around my head. We cuddled together and eventually fell asleep. She managed to wake up and go back to her room before the sun came up, so our parents didn't catch us.

This was only the start of our nights together. After that, we fucked any chance we got, eventually in every room of the house. It always ended with my cum in or on her.

Two years after our first time, 'Chelle finally hit the fertility lottery, so to speak. As you might expect, I got her pregnant without knowing it. The conception actually might have happened in our parents' bed while they were out to dinner. We were fucking so often, it was hard to say. Around that time, I was getting ready to go to college.

She had our baby at fifteen - a girl she named Sarah, after our mother.  Michelle refused to tell who the father was. Sarah looked a lot like Michelle, but If anyone looked close enough, you could see she had my eyes and smile. 

Dad kicked 'Chelle out of the house and disowned her. I was nineteen at the time, in the state University. I secretly supported my girls with odd jobs until I could get a decent, steady job. Michelle and Sarah lived with friends in my new town until I could get us a place of our own. Mom would also help us when she could, sneaking around dad's attention. I wonder if mom would've helped if she knew I was the father of her granddaughter. Meanwhile, Michelle and I got together for sex any chance we could; she was now on the pill.

Now I'm twenty-one, Michelle is seventeen and pregnant with our second baby - another girl, we just found out. We've since moved to another state.

I have no desire to have sex with my daughters; just my sister. 'Chelle is the love of my life. We're a happy, healthy family, living far away from our old home. We just don't tell anyone how old Michelle is, or that we're a brother and sister pair who fuck a lot. To the rest of the world, we're just ordinary people.