Caged No More

It started out as a sexual game that my wife Shawna and I played, after we'd been married a little over a year. One day this gorgeous, dark-haired and somewhat unpredictable wife of mine approached me with an idea. We both liked to read erotic stories, and one of them really got her off. It was about a woman who put her man in a cock cage for ever-increasing periods of time.

"Honey," she said one evening, "would you ever wear a cock cage for me?"

"I don't know," I said, "Some of those women in the stories are pretty brutal, and the husband doesn't get adequately rewarded. You're not wanting to do the hotwife thing, are you?"

"No. Having another man is not even a fantasy of mine. And never will be. The risks to a marriage are just too much."

I felt relief. There was no way I was going to tolerate that. And it was never a fantasy for me. "So why do you want to do the cock cage thing?"

She smiled. "Remember the time that we couldn't screw for a week? Oh my gosh, the waiting and the anticipation drove us wild! And I got you to agree not to take matters in your own hand. Do you remember what it was like when we did screw after that week?"

Oh, I remembered. We fucked, made love, and fucked for hours. We missed dinner, and went out late at night for a quick burger, then back to bed. We were both sore for a couple of days after that.

"Oh yeah," I replied, "That was hot, wasn't it!"

Then I unbuttoned her blouse and kissed her nipples on her firm, pert breasts. Shawna moaned and her breathing picked up. I continued to kiss her lips and breasts as I undid her skirt and pulled it off her.

Her eyes were crazed with desire as I undressed. She yanked her panties off, and we tumbled to the bed. I always love the first penetration of the night. I made sure she was wet. Was she ever! Then I slid into her in one thrust, and held there for a moment. I pulled back a little and she energetically rocked her hips. It didn't take long before I spurted and spurted inside her.

We lay there holding each other for a few minutes. Then I pulled out and began to eat her pussy. I usually tasted her sweet nectar before going inside her, but since we were both too impatient for that, I figured what the heck, and I brought her to more than one orgasm as I licked and slurped her dark-haired pussy.

"So, how about it, Dan?" she asked. I knew what she meant.

"There have to be some rules that we both agree to," I began. "We start out slow. One or two days. And afterward, I get to have you as much as I want, for at least the amount of time I was caged. Also, you have to be celibate when I'm locked up. By that I mean no orgasms for you. And if I have to travel, the cage comes off. No exceptions."

Shawna thought for a minute. "Okay, but how about we start out at three days, and increase it by one day each episode?"

"Okay. But I get to decide when to start each one. It's not going to be our lifestyle. If I want to go three weeks between episodes, it's going to have to be that way."

She agreed, and I wrote the rules and printed them. I wasn't going to have her saying that she forgot.

"Can we start as soon as we get the equipment?" she purred.

I said okay, and this time I ate her pussy again before going inside her. I know the discussion got her hot, and she orgasmed as she rode me cowgirl style. I loved seeing her in the throes of orgasm. Her long hair and bangs as she tossed her head back and closed her eyes; her loud, sensual moans; and the spasms of her pussy milking my cock.

She smiled gleefully as we perused the websites, and chose a cock cage. Not bottom of the line but not top of the line, either. A week later, after a raucous lovemaking session in which we each orgasmed twice, she had a sensuous smile as she fit the appliance in place and locked it. She scampered away and hid the keys I don't know where.

The three days of chastity were both arousing and frustrating for me. Shawna had a constant smile on her face, and not so subtly teased my arousal. My arousal was heightened knowing that she was foregoing her orgasms during that time too.

After dinner on the third day of my cock's captivity we were both so wound up we could hardly function. Her hands shook and she had to try several times before she got the key to fit.

Shawna was creaming profusely when I began to lick her pussy. It didn't take long for her to crest, and before her orgasm was complete, I entered her. It was so sweet to be inside her and looking into her excited eyes. After a moment of thrusting, I surrendered to my orgasm. I spurted and spurted my denied and frustrated seed into her welcoming dark haired pussy. I had barely caught my breath when I was erect again, and had her ride me with her on top. Because of my previous ejaculation and her slippery insides, I lasted considerably longer and was able to hold out until she orgasmed. Then I again recklessly spurted inside her.

She straddled my face and I hungrily licked and gulped. She had another orgasm and we slept. During the night I again entered her and brusquely fucked her until my orgasm. In the morning I licked her pussy.

Shawna had a sensual glow about her for the rest of the day. That night we again went at it like newlyweds. That was how it went for the following week. After about ten days she asked if I would wear it for four days, and I consented after I was well drained.

The orgasm denial, along with her teasing, had us both worked up to the same intensity as the first time, and with similar results when she removed the cage. For me it was equal to or even better than our honeymoon.

We were living in sensual bliss. A couple weeks later, we did the cage for 5 days with similar results. Then 6 days.

Things changed about two days into the 7-day denial. Shawna came home from work in a bad mood and didn't want to talk about it. I gave her some space, but her mood didn't improve over the next few days. I asked her several times what was wrong, and she got surly and snappish.

On the eighth day I asked her to remove the cage and suggested that we could resume the playing when she felt better. To my great surprise, she refused. She gave no reason. I reminded her the it was already past the 7 days that we agreed on, and that it was all written down in the agreement. She still refused, and wouldn't say why.

I was devastated and upset. I suggested that if there were problems in our relationship, we should see a counselor. She shot down that idea. Without further ado, I moved into the guest bedroom. I was not about to sleep in the same bed with a woman who acted like she didn't want to be married to me.

Things were chilly for a few days, and I once again asked her to remove the cage. When she again refused, I again suggested counseling. She just walked away. I was at the end of my patience, and decided that I needed to do something drastic.

I took some money that we had been saving for buying a house, and saw a lawyer. I also rented a small apartment near my work. Since Shawna and I were both earning similar amounts, and we had no children or real estate (we were renting the house we lived in), my lawyer said that I could make a clean break if it came to that. I told the lawyer what had happened, including the sexual games that Shawna and I had played, and he said that she was skating on thin ice. He asked if I wanted to have her arrested for sexual assault, and I was sorely tempted. Instead, though, I asked him to write a letter stating the possible legal consequences of her actions. He also recommended a locksmith's shop where I could have the cage removed.

When the paperwork was completed a few days later, I paid a visit to the locksmith's shop. To my relief, there was a young lady there, and she said yes when I asked if she personally could do a sensitive locksmith task. I really didn't want a guy fooling around my wedding tackle. I told her I had to talk to her in confidence, and she told me to come back just before the store closed and she could accommodate me after sending the other workers home and locking up the store.

So I showed up just as she was locking up, and when everyone else was gone she listened to me. I was red faced as I explained that my marriage was probably about to end, and why I needed the services of a locksmith. Her face registered several expressions as I related my story. At first she tried not to giggle, and as I continued, she was more and more shocked at Shawna's behavior.

"Yes, I can pick the lock," she said. "Come with me to the storeroom and you can show me."

Again, with a red face, I lowered my pants and briefs. It took her a few minutes to get the right tools, and she successfully got the device off.

She asked what I was going to do next, and I told her what my plan was. She had a good laugh, and wished me luck. I asked how much I owed her, and she said, "I don't want to charge you for that. It was such a bad thing that your wife did." Then she smiled and said, "How about a dinner at Antonio's when you've resolved your problem? Here's my card, and on the back is my cell phone number." Her name was Leanne.

I readily agreed, and went to the house that Shawna and I had lived in. I could no longer call it home. I made arrangements for two days hence to move my belongings to my new apartment when Shawna was at work. It took only a couple of hours, and I treated my friends to a pizza lunch.

I took a hammer and smashed the cock cage into a barely recognizable piece of scrap metal, and went to what was once our bedroom. I got her lip gloss, and scrawled "GAME OVER" on her pillowcase. Then I put the smashed cock cage on top of her pillow, and jerked off on the whole thing. A few minutes later, I jerked off on it again. She could do what she wanted with the smashed cage and the pecker tracks.

Then I waited for Shawna to get home.

I was sitting at the kitchen table when she walked in, took a look around, and said, "What's going on?"

"Sit down, Shawna!" I ordered. My gruff demeanor caught her off guard. "Several things are going on, DEAR WIFE! First, I've moved out. I'm sad and very disappointed in you. You've broken your promises, you've been treating me worse than a servant, and you've acted like you can't stand me and don't want to be married to me. I've asked you to consider counseling, and you've refused. I'm at the end of my patience. These are divorce papers."

I laid the packet in front of her. "Last chance, Shawna. Counseling or divorce. And I expect an answer tonight. I also want you to read this letter from my lawyer. If you sign the papers, I won't do anything further."

Her face turned pale as she read the many possible consequences of being charged with sexual assault.

I wasn't finished with her. When she looked up, I said, "Now, let me guess what happened. About the time the trouble started, a new guy at your work started hitting on you. When you said no, he began to insinuate that I was unfaithful to you. He SOMEHOW learned of our sexual game, and he told you that you should just keep me locked up. AND YOU BELIEVED HIM! You listened to him. I was your husband, the guy you married, remember? And you chose to believe an interloper who wanted into your pussy! Is that about what happened?"

She started to cry, which was good; at least she wasn't shutting down on me. She sobbed, "No, that's not it at all!" She cried for some time. Normally I would have tried to comfort her, but I wasn't feeling very charitable toward her. She was someone who was supposed to be on my side, supposed to try to protect our home life, as I willingly did.

"What will it be, Shawna? Counseling or divorce?"

"Can't we work things out without counselors?"

"No, Shawna. I don't trust you around me. I don't even want to have sex with you. I feel disrespected and humiliated. I doubt that you could even make my dick hard now."

She gasped at that last revelation. Then I took a more gentle way with her. "If you don't want counseling, you really need to sign the divorce papers. The only thing that we need to divide is our house fund savings. And I used part of that to pay the lawyer and the locksmith."

I tried not to smile as I recalled Leanne's supportive words to me.

"The rental will be your responsibility starting next month. I've had the agency take my name off the rental agreement. You'll have to contact them if you want to end it."

We were renting month to month, so getting out of a lease wasn't an issue.

She slowly reached for the papers, looked them over, and signed. I took off my wedding ring and put it on the table. This was the saddest moment of my life. I was too sad to cry. "Talk to you later," I whispered, and left. The day had been cloudy and gloomy, fitting my mood. I drove by a park, and stopped. Then I cried and cried.

No one does what I did without having second thoughts. Why was Shawna being such a bitch? Why was she being so uncommunicative? What if she has a medical problem? It could be a brain tumor that caused her to suddenly change. Shouldn't I be there for her if she does? Yeah right, good luck with getting her to agree to go to a doctor. She wouldn't even talk to me about why she was upset, and her crowning achievement was betraying my trust in her control over my orgasms. I could have her involuntarily committed for 48 hours or something, but the marriage wouldn't survive that, given her attitude. No, she was going to have to take responsibility for herself.

I don't remember much about the next few days. I did take the signed divorce papers to my attorney and asked him to file them. A couple of evenings that week I went to a tavern with some friends and told them about what happened. They were shocked. And yes, I told them about the sex game we had played, and the sudden breach of trust. We all came to the same conclusion that she probably was having, or was about to start, an affair.

After a few days I started feeling better, and that the world wasn't going to end. The lonely nights in an apartment were reminiscent of my single days, though I knew I wouldn't be single for a few months.

I eventually felt good enough to ring Leanne and invite her out to dinner at Antonio's later that week.

I didn't know what to expect with Leanne. When she walked in, she was stunning. Her bright smile told me that she wanted to be there. Her reddish blonde hair flowed freely past her shoulders, and the shift dress with her bare legs accented her sensuality.

We began by making small talk to break the ice. Then she asked me about my situation with Shawna, and if I'd done what I had planned. She giggled when I told her about what I did with the battered cock cage.

"Has she said anything about it?"

"Not yet. When I left, she hadn't been upstairs to the bedroom. I may never know what her reaction was."

"It would have been interesting to be a fly on the wall then!"

Then Leanne asked me specific questions about Shawna - where she worked, her friends' names, and so on. I told her about my suspicions about an interloper, and she allowed that it was likely.

I didn't ask why she wanted all that information, and I doubt she'd have told me, but I got a strong feeling that she was on my side. That felt good.

"Now that we have that out of the way," she said, "we can talk about something else."

Leanne told me of her background growing up on a ranch, then after a few boyfriends she got married. Her marriage lasted a couple of years and broke up due to her husband's controlling ways. She liked being a locksmith but didn't know how long she'd keep doing that.

"I don't know what I want to do with my life," she mused. "But I'm probably not going to settle down and get married for a long while, if ever."

Then she smiled and put her hand on mine. "I do want to get to know you better, though, and I see in your eyes that you feel the same way."

I told her I did.

Leanne continued, "When I'm in a relationship, I tend to be exclusive until the relationship is over. And I'm very loyal."

This was sounding better and better. I certainly needed loyalty after what I went through with Shawna. And I'm a loyal and exclusive person myself.

After dinner Leanne invited me to follow her to her place and come in for coffee and conversation. She had a nice two bedroom apartment and lived by herself.

When she sat next to me and snuggled close, I put an arm around her. I looked deeply into her eyes, and before long we were passionately kissing.

"Now I KNOW I want to get to know you better," she giggled. "But we can't go to bed until your divorce is final. There's always an outside chance that something could happen to cancel the divorce, and I want to be sure you're free. But we can keep doing this."

Our kisses became more passionate. I saw the wanting in her eyes, and I'm sure she knew I was aroused and erect. She broke away and we had some coffee. The ice was definitely broken, and I wanted to continue with her. Before I left, we made a date for the following weekend to walk along the coastline a couple of hours away, and have dinner in a neighboring town.

I went back to my place feeling a lot better. The weekend trip was phenomenal, and we were lovers in every sense except for the consummation in bed. We got to know one another a lot better.

We sexually teased each other too, though we had to hang back when it got too heavy. She pressed her beautiful knees together when I told her that I would love to taste her pussy and give her orgasms. She made suggestive comments as well.

On one of our dates, the inevitable happened. As we were leaving a restaurant, Shawna came in with a guy. When I nudged Leanne, she put her hand in mine and steered us over to them. "Hello, Shawna," I said. "I'd like you to meet my friend Leanne."

Shawna forced a smile and said, "Hello Leanne."

Leanne squealed, "I'm delighted to meet you, Shawna!" and gave her a hug and a kiss on the cheek. That was not a reaction I expected, but I knew why Leanne did that, and I was pleased that it threw Shawna off guard.

Shawna said, "Umm, this is Brad. He's a coworker of mine."

I politely shook hands with Brad. He seemed visibly nervous. I said, "Hello Brad. I'm Dan, Shawna's soon-to-be ex-husband."

Shawna looked questioningly at Brad for a moment, then asked Leanne what she did for a living.

"I'm a locksmith, honey. I set your husband free, if you know what I mean." Leanne's smile told me that she was greatly enjoying this exchange. Shawna looked sheepish, and Leanne used that as a cue to say that we had to get going.

In the car, Leanne clapped her hands and laughed. "That was perfect! It couldn't have been better if I'd planned it! It was all I could do not to thank her for sending you to me!"

"Yeah, it was great. Did you see Brad squirm the whole time? I wonder what they're talking about now!"

When we got to Leanne's apartment, she pulled me inside and had a serious expression.

"Has Shawna ever admitted that she was wrong?"

I thought for a moment and said, "No - no, she hasn't. Never."

"That's what I gathered when I saw her. I could see in her eyes that she knew she screwed up, but that she would never admit it."

I wondered where this was going. Then Leanne stood passively and said, "I'm confident that your divorce will go through without any trouble. I want to give myself to you now. If you feel the same way, kiss me and take me to bed."

It was a sweet kiss. I took her by the hand and led her to her bedroom. I took my time undressing her, and she did the same with me. I was going to eat her pussy, but she said, "I need you inside me!"

In spite of how aroused I was, I was able to last a while as we made love. Her groans, her movements under me as I explored the depths of her body, her trembling as I sought to hold back, all served to make the experience one I would never forget. When she crested into her orgasm, I spurted uncontrollably. It was an intense experience.

Few words were exchanged as we recovered. Then there were the gentle kisses which became more passionate moment by moment. After a while I couldn't stand it. I HAD to eat her pussy. I maneuvered her on top of me and had her straddle my mouth. She was doubtful at first, with my having spurted inside her, but my persistence paid off, and I hungrily went after her reddish-blonde pussy.

I heard her wordless exclamations as I continued to lick and kiss between her legs. It didn't take her long to crest into a tumultuous orgasm, after which she collapsed on top of me.

A few minutes later Leanne giggled when she noticed I was fully hard again, and mounted me cowgirl style. As she rocked her hips I grasped her hands and held on. She had a blissful smile and an almost crazed look in her eyes.

She must have known that I was near ejaculation, but she just kept pumping. She giggled as I got closer and closer, and finally said, "It's okay - give me all you have!"

I couldn't keep my eyes open as I bucked and thrashed under her. I felt spurt after spurt shoot into her, until I surrendered with a big sigh.

"Mmmm, that was good!" she murmured. "I want more, though. If I'm sleeping and you want me, take me. Any way you want." She lay by my side, and we both drifted to sleep.

I awoke a few hour later, and took her up on her offer. I got between her legs and licked on her pussy. She stirred, and a few incoherent moans later she was wide awake. I loved her taste. Her orgasm wasn't earth shaking, but it went on for a while. Then I entered her and tenderly plowed. I again gave her all I had, and after many spurts, we slept some more.

In the following weeks, we did a lot together. I loved the walks along the river, holding hands, sometimes not needing to say anything. We spent nights together, about three times a week, either at my place, or hers. And the sex was phenomenal.

It felt good being with a woman who was loyal, even though I knew that the relationship wouldn't go on forever. I was loyal to her as well.

The day came, several months after my divorce was final, that Leanne said she was going to move to where her parents were so she could help take care of her dad, whose health was failing. Some would suspect a different motive, but I knew she was telling me the truth. She had about two months to wrap things up with her apartment and job, and get ready.

We had intense lovemaking during that time, and some deep talks.

"I really care for you a lot, Dan. I enjoy you, your sensitivity, your lovemaking. I will really miss you."

We both cried in each others' arms for a while.

Then she asked, "Have you forgiven Shawna yet?"

My hesitation answered her question.

"You need to at some point," Leanne said. "It's for your peace of mind. It's for you, not for her. You don't even have to tell her or let her know. But at some point, before you will be ready for another permanent relationship, you need to do that. For you."

Then she kissed me, and one thing led to another, and nature took its course in my bed.

The night before she left town, we had another talk.

"I want you to promise me something. That if she ever wants to meet with you, to talk to you, do it. For closure. I know how much that affected you. Will you do that, for me?"

I knew who she was talking about. I whispered "yes."

We had a night of tender lovemaking interspersed with goodbye tears.

The next morning, I held her hands and said, "Thank you, Leanne. For everything. I will never forget you."

"I'll never ever forget you, Dan. Goodbye and good fortune."

And with that, she was off.

I spent a couple of weeks in deep introspection, and in a blue mood. Things weren't as bleak as when I had to leave Shawna, and I was in much better shape emotionally than before.

During the following year and a half I dated several women. Some of them led to bed, and a few didn't. Lori was soft and tender in her lovemaking, but thought that eating her pussy was too kinky. Nina liked to do things together, but used sex as a reward for getting what she wanted. Maryann wanted a commitment too soon, and I was not ready.

The longest lasting, and most intense of those relationships, was with Melissa. To say she was fun was an understatement. She was fiery, volatile, sassy, mouthy, dominant, and submissive. How can a girl be dominant AND submissive? It depended on my reaction. She was always vying for the top spot in our relationship. Only if I stood firm and was myself aggressive did she willingly relent and surrender. Oh, those times were so sweet. When I took control I tried to read her body language to see what she wanted, and most times I was successful. We truly had some intense and good times. I began to call her Miss Sassy Snatch. Ironically, she loved it!

The trouble was that Melissa did not have an "off" switch. There was no being equals and mutually supportive. I could never have a permanent relationship or a marriage with someone whom I constantly had to either conquer or submit to. I needed some shared quiet time, where we could sit and enjoy the sunset, or music, or a quiet evening. Oh well.

I couldn't deny that I had learned an incredible amount from Miss Sassy Snatch and the others.

It was when things had cooled off with Melissa and she was going out with someone else that I got a letter from Shawna. I was nervous as I opened it.

It said,

Dear Dan,

I have an apology and a request for you, and I'd like to do both face to face, if you're okay with that. Can we go out to dinner at Michael's sometime? My treat, of course. Please call and let me know.

Your foolish ex-wife,

Shawna

Wow. Foolish ex-wife? Was that really Shawna? She would never have admitted anything like that when I knew her. Michael's was an upscale eatery with excellent food and service. I remembered what Leanne had said about forgiveness, and my promise to her about closure. Maybe this was my chance.

The trouble was, I had tried many times, in my mind, to forgive Shawna. But I didn't know what to forgive. It was too nebulous and ambiguous to say, "I forgive you for being a bitch," or "for being stupid."

I had to have some time to think about that. I put the letter down and went to bed. Sleep was restless, and I had confusing dreams. The following evening I worked up the nerve to call Shawna and schedule the dinner for three days hence, on a Friday. She had never seen my place and asked if she could come over and pick me up. I agreed.

Without knowing why, I was a jumble of nerves for the three intervening days. I was curious what she would say, and about the request. I didn't know if I really wanted to see Shawna.

When she rang the bell at my place, I opened the door and invited her in. She looked older and she had a little less of the naive self-assured overconfidence of her past. She appeared deeper, and more thoughtful compared with the Shawna that I married and divorced. She still wore her dark hair long and with bangs. Her dress settled above the knee, and she was bare-legged. It looked like she kept in good physical shape.

I showed her around at my place, which was a different apartment from the one I had when I moved out of the rental house. Then we got in her car and headed for Michael's. We didn't say much on the way over. I tried to appear pleasant, although some old memories were surfacing. I knew I hadn't forgiven her yet. Leanne had told me that when I could recall the memories without any emotional reaction, then I'd be ready.

We were shown a table and, after a few minutes, had our drinks and had ordered dinner. The eight hundred pound gorilla was still in the room.

"Well, Dan," Shawna began, with a big sigh, "A lot has happened since we separated. First, and simply, I'm sorry. Sorry that I treated you so badly, sorry that I still had that emotional baggage when we got married, and sorry that I lost my way."

Her voice was shaking. I didn't want a scene in the restaurant, and tried to reassure her.  "Shawna -"

"I know," she said, "I'm about to lose it. Let me try to get it all out there. The problem wasn't you, the problem wasn't that this guy at work was trying to build an emotional wall around me and exclude you from it. I should have seen through that. No, the problem was that I didn't want to be married, and I didn't know how or why. None of this was conscious thinking. When I saw your writing about 'game over' I knew the game really was over, and that I had to solve my personal problems by myself."

I almost grinned at the mental picture of her seeing the smashed cock cage, the pecker tracks, and the stark statement on her pillowcase.

She sniffled. "When I saw you with that cute redhead, that was one of the worst days of my life. It was like she stripped my soul bare and saw everything, good and bad, that I was. The way she greeted me was her way of thanking me for driving you away. Her smirk said that she had the better deal. And she did."

Well, well, that showed that Shawna wasn't stupid. She'd been a foolish bitch, but she wasn't stupid.

She continued, "And before you ask, yes, Brad was the one who I foolishly listened to. And yes, we fucked, but not before you moved out. The day I saw you and that redhead, I was so upset - with Brad, and with myself. We had dinner there, and after we ate, he went to the restroom. I used that chance to leave and took a cab home. It was a half hour later that he called me. I took pleasure in telling him that I left, and that we were not going to go out again.

"That day was a turning point for me. There was no way I could go back to you then, even though I knew I'd screwed up royally. My pride wouldn't let me. I realized I needed help. So I asked around and got a really good counselor. She wasn't easy on me. She put me through the wringer. With her help, I conquered my demons.

"I want you to know that I'm a totally different person now. What's that saying, sadder but wiser?"

I asked, "What were the demons that you had to slay?"

"Mostly my relationship with my father. When I got to be an adult, I had to be in control all the time. It was stressful, and it took an emotional toll. He was very controlling, so I had to be even more so. Another demon was my inability to open myself up emotionally, to admit having made a mistake, to apologize. As you can see, that demon is gone." She smiled sardonically.

"Also," she continued, "I needed to ask your forgiveness. In person. So, Dan, can you forgive me my headstrong foolishness?"

Her eyes were deep and glistening. She WAS opening herself up to me. She was letting herself be vulnerable.

"Shawna, I've wanted to forgive. But I didn't know what it was that I'd be forgiving, until now. So yes, I want to. It may take time, but I really want to. Is that what your request was?"

She smiled nervously. "No, my request is something else. When we go back to your place, I'll ask you then. It would be too humiliating if I did that here." She put her hand on mine, tenderly. "You'll understand when I do it."

Our dinner came, and we talked through it. Shawna mentioned that after she broke it off with Brad, she couldn't get a date for a while. Everyone seemed to know what she'd done to me with the cock cage and broken promises, and no man would trust her enough to be around her, and certainly not to get intimate. Leanne must have had something to do with that, which made me smile. I mentally thanked her again for her loyalty. Shawna said she had tested disease-free and had not been with a man in several months.

I updated Shawna on my life, my deep relationship with Leanne, her moving away, and my times with Miss Sassy Snatch. She laughed at that nickname. We'd consumed a full bottle of wine by the time we finished dinner, and I suggested coffee at my place. She settled the tab and drove us back.

As soon as we got into my living room, Shawna grasped my shoulders, and, with a look of fear in her eyes, said, "I might as well get this out now."

Then as I stood, she knelt in front of me. "I am sorry for my past actions, and I know I'll never do anything like that again. I don't know if you have, or could have, feelings for me, but I've got to ask. Please take me back. I will never refuse you anything, as long as it's just the two of us. I want to delight you, to give you pleasure, and to make your dick hard." She smiled ruefully at that last phrase.

Tears were streaming from her eyes. Truth be told, my dick was hard. Seeing her kneel before me and hearing her words of repentance convinced me that she had changed. I knew I had changed. And, her submissiveness in front of me was greatly arousing.

I pulled her up, and held her close. She cried harder. I waited until she calmed down, and then I went to fix the coffee. After I poured the coffee and we had each taken a sip, I had some ideas about handling the situation. It was time to have my say.

"Shawna," I began, "I can see that you've changed, and I can't deny that I like what I see. It would take some time to regain the trust I had in you. Before we can get emotionally entwined, I want to be able to forgive you completely. You don't have to apologize any more. And, my dick IS hard. I want to experience your pussy tonight."

Her dark hair framed her wide eyes as she nodded. We finished our coffee, and I led her to the bedroom. She stood passively as I undressed her. I liked that. For this to be long term, she'd have to be more yielding to me.

I put my finger in her dark haired pussy. She was very wet and creamy.

She smiled. "I want you, Dan."

I nudged her on the bed and took off my clothes. This was not going to be lovemaking; this was only sex.

She spread her legs as I got on the bed. Her whole body was trembling. With no preliminaries, I slid inside her all the way. She gasped. She wrapped her arms around me when I lay on top of her. Her eyes were so liquid and deep. Quite captivating. Gently at first, I started thrusting in and out. With each thrust inward, she gasped. I thrust harder. Her gasps were louder, and her eyes wider. After a few moments of my hard thrusting, she closed her eyes, pressed her lips together, and shook with a vaginal orgasm. Soon after, she had another one. Then I released a torrent of cum inside her.

We rested in the sweet afterglow. It was not my plan to have her stay the night, but we both were so drained that we couldn't help falling asleep. I awoke a few hours later with Shawna's body next to mine. Bright eyes and a contented smile graced her face. And, my dick was hard.

Shawna mounted me cowgirl style. She energetically pumped her hips with me inside her. It felt good. After she had a vaginal orgasm, I got on top of her. Then I probed her pussy with my engorged cock, as far as I could go inside her. Sometimes I would keep still, simply enjoying the connected feeling. Then I'd slowly and tenderly thrust. It was about fifteen minutes of this, and my orgasm overtook me. I spurted everything I had. And then I stayed inside her.

I saw a single tear run from her eye. Then I realized that we had made love.

"Shawna," I whispered.

"Yes?"

"I forgive you."

That started the waterworks again. "Thank God!" she cried. "And thank you, Dan!"

She was all over me, kissing me and panting, while her tears freely fell on my face. A session as we just had experienced would have never happened with the previous Shawna. I smiled and we both went back to sleep.

The next day we went for a drive to a secluded place and had some deep discussions.

"What will it take for you to trust me again?" she asked.

"Well, I'm never going to wear a cock cage again," I began, "And no bondage. That would be my rule no matter who I'd end up with. I liked seeing your submissive side. I want you to open up to me more, like you did last night. It will probably just take some time. I've changed, too, and I want to be sure that we're compatible."

She smiled. "I'll have to work on opening up to you. It made me feel so safe, giving up control for a while. I need lots of practice doing that. And it'll be fun."

Damn. My dick was hard again. I definitely intended to take the lead more often with her.

"That's good," I said. "I don't want a slave, and I don't want to be a master or a dom. I will be guiding things in and out of the bedroom more than before. Also, I want to take you in the tail. Tonight."

Shawna's eyes opened wider. "Back there?"

I nodded. When we'd been married I never asked that of her. "Have you ever done that?"

"No... But I did say I wouldn't deny you anything. So yes, I agree. And I'm looking forward to giving you that pleasure!"

She put her hand on mine and smiled. I wanted to take her right then. But I controlled myself.

Back at my place that evening after dinner, I had her get undressed, and I took my clothes off. My cock sprang forth, aroused and ready. She knelt submissively in front of me and said, "I know you won't hurt me. I'm ready. Just tell me what you want me to do."

Aroused almost beyond words, I had her get up and get on the bed on her hands and knees. I retrieved a bottle of lubricant and worked some of it inside her. Wow, she was tight around my finger. I wondered if I was going to be able to get my cock in there. She relaxed as I put more lubricant inside her. Then I lubricated my cock.

I brusquely spread her nether cheeks apart and whispered, "Relax as much as you can, Shawna." Then I placed the tip of my erection against her puckered hole. I gradually gave more pressure until I was barely inside her.

She threw her head back. "Ahhhhhhh!"

"Are you okay?"

"Uhhh! Yes. Please stay like that for a little bit."

I had my hands on her hips as she panted. After a few moments she said, "Okay, a little more..." I worked my cock back and forth inside her, slowly advancing with each inward thrust. Shawna's moans were incredibly arousing.

Then I moved one hand in front to her pussy and began to stimulate her clitoris. Her moans became excited and sensual. By the time I was all the way inside her, she was pushing back and forth against my cock. When she crested, I couldn't hold back any longer, and emptied a healthy serving inside her.

"Oh, that was incredible!" she exclaimed afterward. "It was also sexy because I had to submit to you."

This was getting good. Her attitude had changed completely from when she was my wife. All I had to do was see if it would last.

"I definitely want to do that more often," I said.

She smiled. "As often as you want."

"Okay, get on the bed," I instructed.

She had a momentary look of panic on her face. Then, surrendering, she whispered, "Okay," and got in doggy position again.

I laughed to myself. "It's okay, Shawna. If you're sore, we can wait. I was just seeing if you really would."

She sighed. "Thank you. I won't refuse you, but I appreciate your not wanting it to hurt."

I took her in my arms. "It's not refusing if you say you're afraid it'll hurt, or if you're too sore. Now let's get in the shower."

We spent considerable time in the shower. I stroked her clit until she orgasmed, and she took me in her mouth and gulped down every drop when I spurted.

A few days later we were talking at dinner, and Shawna said she didn't understand how word spread so fast to the guys around her, about what she had done.

I told her, "Brad probably bragged about it. I told my friends who helped me move out, but I don't think they were the ones."

"What about that redhead?"

I thought for a moment. I couldn't help a wistful smile. Based on Leanne's asking me for details about Shawna and where she worked, I put two and two together and deduced that it was her.

"It could have been her," I stated. "I didn't put her up to it, but she was very loyal to me, and I valued that quality in her."

Shawna's eyes got wet. "I'll be loyal to you," she said. "I'll be at least as loyal as she was. All I need is time to show you. And I'll be true to you."

Then she took my hand in hers. "I'm sorry for what I did."

"Shhh. No more sorry, okay?"

She tried to smile. But that made her tears flow. I quietly held her until she composed herself.

We spent every night together. Shawna was consistent in her yielding to me, and it was fun having her "practice" opening up to me. It was like driving a new sports car and being surprised at how responsive and accommodating it was.

Frankly, though, her extreme effort at pleasing me worried me a little. I wondered if she'd decide sometime that she'd had enough, and revert to having to be in control. So I suggested that a couple of nights a week we would do what she wanted. My requirement was that her getting us to do what she wanted, had to be non-verbal. Using body language, touches, and clues other than words, she'd communicate what she wanted, and I'd go along.

That was beneficial beyond my wildest dreams, and it heightened our awareness of each other's bodies, moods, and desires.

The first Shawna's Night, she began to undress me, and followed by removing her own clothes. She got on the bed and gently guided my mouth to her pussy. I always enjoyed eating pussy, and I got her to crest twice. Then she got me on my back and mounted me cowgirl style. That was also a favorite of mine, and it was incredibly sexy seeing her hair sway as she rode me.

Sometimes she'd stop, and just feel me inside her. Her lustful smile at those times drove me wild. Then she'd start up again, slowly, and pump until I couldn't hold back anymore.

Another time, she undressed us, and got on the bed on her hands and knees. She handed me the lubricant and pointed to her tight nether portal. I fucked her that way for some time before I made her cum and released my own torrent inside her.

Soon after that, she gushed, "I love you."

I had thought about it for some time, so I said, "I love you too." It was the truth. I wasn't about to suggest that we get married yet, but we had to be in love again before that would happen.

We made tender love that night. And the next night. And the one after that. Since we were together every night, I suggested that she move in with me. I did ask her if she was ready for that step.

"I'm ready, Dan. I've been ready for a while, but it wasn't my place to make the first move. I'll be faithful to you. Forevermore." Then she got an insecure look on her face, and asked, "We are exclusive, aren't we?" It was kind of cute.

I grabbed her and pressed in for urgent kisses. I said, "Does that answer your question? Of course we're exclusive."

She spent the night showing me how much she appreciated that. I was very tired the next day. Tired but happy.

One day Shawna came home from work laughing.

"I had a wonderful day," she said. "I had lunch with my brother, and who should see us there but Brad! He walked over to us and said that he was sure I'd gone back to you. So I said, 'If you must know, I apologized to him and got down on my knees and asked him to take me back. And he takes me in the tail whenever he wants!' Alan [her brother] tried not to laugh at that last thing I said. So then Brad says, 'You're stepping out on him now?' That's when Alan said, "Actually, I'm her brother. And I have conceal and carry.' Brad turned white and quickly walked away."

I smiled at that. Brad wasn't very smart.

After about another month of intense sex, I was sure that Shawna, version 2, was the woman I wanted. She was happier and more spry, and sex with her was phenomenal.

We went to visit Shawna's mom. Shawna, of course, had told her almost everything about our breakup and her subsequent therapy. I say "almost everything" because she appropriately left out the part of the cock cage and sex games. Shawna's mom was a little sheepish when she told me, "I should have stood up to her father more when we were together. Maybe Shawna would have been better equipped for a permanent relationship then."

"No, mom," Shawna replied. "I mean, yes about the standing up to dad part, but I dragged my emotional baggage into the marriage. But things are better now."

Indeed they were.

"What's in the future for you two?" her mom asked.

I immediately said, "We're thinking of tying the knot again. Aren't we, Shawna?" Actually, we hadn't discussed it.

For an instant there was a shocked expression on Shawna's face. Then a look of glee as she rushed over to me, hopped up and down a few times, and threw her arms around me. "Oh, yes, love," she cried, "We are!"

Three months later we were remarried in a small ceremony with her mom, my parents, and her brother present. Our honeymoon was better than the first one, with deeper love accentuating the good sex.

Shawna turned up pregnant after a few months, and that was okay with me. We had a daughter who we named Brandi. The pregnancy was difficult on Shawna, and after Brandi was born she was advised not to have any more children. We took that in stride, since we weren't set on having a large family.

As the years went by, Shawna stayed in great physical shape. We made love frequently, and had lusty sex other times. I truly never got tired of her pussy. We arranged for time for ourselves when Brandi was growing up, which was good for all of us, Brandi included.

Our daughter Brandi is now in her early forties, and I'm in the position of contemplating the end of my days. I have a terminal medical condition, and don't want to go into a lot of detail. When we found out, Shawna cried a lot, and said that God was punishing her by taking me away from her. I told her that was silly nonsense, that people get sick and die all the time. She knows I've forgiven everything, but I have doubts that she's forgiven herself.


I've had a lot of time to think, and I'm very grateful to Leanne for her words on closure and forgiveness. I've thought about the times I've done some wrongs to people, omissions as well as actions, and I'm asking those involved for forgiveness. Not verbally, but in my heart.

There are times when I'm about to drift off to sleep, and I feel an incredible love surrounding me. I'm sure that's a sign of what it's like on the other side. It's not a religious thing, though it is a spiritual feeling.

All in all, I think Shawna and I and Brandi have done well. I'm about to go on palliative care, which means I get to eat anything I want, and they'll try to keep me pain free and as comfortable as possible until my body gives up.

I've come to think of my body now as a cage. I'm not eager to die, as I know it'll be hard for Shawna, but lying in bed all the time, well, I'm not crazy about doing that. So there will be a time, soon, when I truly will be caged no more.

+~+~+~+~+~+~+~+~

Wow, what a story! I'm Brandi, and I'm trying to be there for my mom (Shawna) in the months since dad (Dan) passed away. I'm going to have to have some serious discussions with mom so she won't keep blaming herself. I want her to have some fun before SHE dies.

I remember my dad saying several times that it was his goal that when I turned eighteen, I could honestly say that I had a happy childhood. And I CAN say that!

My dad was a patient teacher. He taught me his values, and the greatest legacy I can give him is to impart those same values to my kids.

And, Leanne, wherever you are, thank you for being good to him, and for your support at a time when he needed it. And, thank you Miss Sassy Snatch, wherever you are, you did a lot of good too! I feel sort of weird saying that about my dad and other women, but they were important people in his life.

Now I've got to find that mom of mine and show her the story of her and my dad that I just found.

-----
This story is copyright 2015 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com). All rights reserved. No reposting without permission. Please see my other stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
