I recently got with one of my wife's aunts. She is a very tall thick black woman, nice dark skin, about44, but in very nice shape and very attractive, but she is also one of those very devout Mandir ladies if you know what I mean, so I never even really thought anything could ever happen, because from what my wife and her mom had said, she had not been with a man in like 12 years. From all I ever heard it was God! Now like I said she is tall, about 5&#8242;-8&#8243; thick and this woman has a fantastic big ass and tits to go with it, she looks fucking great in a dress,

He'll never saw her in jeans or anything, always dresses. Well she was trying to do some fliers on her computer and was having problems, and my wife's mom called and asked my wife to ask me if I could help her out. Well I tried to resolve the issue over the phone and was getting no results, and since she does not live all that far, I told my wife I would just pop over there and resolve the issue. Well when I got there she met me at the door in this big heavy bathrobe, not like some sexy type, just a big cotton robe. She showed me to the computer and told me she need to shower to get ready for going to meet some of the other ladies at her church.

I said ok and jumped right to work, getting the printer working and such. A little while later she came out, in the robe with a towel on her head, and asked how it was going, I said fine and she told me she was going to get herself ready, I just said cool. Well a few min. later had the issue resolved and sent her stuff to print, her room is like right across the hall and the door was open, so I just got up to tell her. Right as I was stepping to her door, she was standing there, her clothes laid out on the bed, before I could say anything she untied her robe and dropped it to the floor, and bent over to get her panties.

Oh my fucking god her ass looked fantastic, and I let out one of those low "damn" type gruff sounds and she realized I was there, and turned, and went to get her robe. I just stood there staring, and said your printer is fixed, but also just stood there looking at her. Fuck at 44 this woman was fucking hot. Ok, yes she had a bit of a tummy, but not bad at all, and my god, some damn big tits, yes they did not sag a bit for her age they still looked awesome.

Well she looked at me and said prince do you mind, she had not covered up yet, I came out of my daze and stare, and I somewhat came to my senses and said sorry and was getting ready to head out of the room, she asked me to close the door and as I turned to head out and close the door she also turned and bent back over the bed. Well I looked back just before leaving, sneak another peek, and when I saw her, I closed the door all right, I was still in the room though. I figured oh what the hell, and I walked up to her, put my hands on her bare hips, she went to stand, and asking me what the hell I was doing.

But I was bent over her too and I just whispered in her ear to not stand up, and with that I just kind of slid back, keeping my hands on her hips, but what surprised me is that she did not stand up, she just stayed there like that, I slowly ran my hands over her back and down back to her hips and soon I was kneeling there, with her ass right in my face, this big fucking beautiful ass. Well I began to run my hands over her ass and I heard this low moan, the way she was bent over was perfect, I had the perfect view of her ass and pussy from behind.

I slowly ran my hands over her ass and down her legs and back up, just exploring, all the time I could hear her lowly moaning, but she did not try to stand up, and this is what really surprised me at first, but hell, I was in my own place at that time. I began to softly kiss her ass and was moving towards her pussy, softly kissing and inhaling deeply taking in all of her scent. I got to her pussy and took in a deep breath and then exhaled over her pussy, my hands now gently spreading her ass cheeks some, and I moved in slowly, I kissed her pussy softly and again she moaned deeply.

I them slowly moved in more and inserted my tongue and slowly licked her pussy from bottom to top. To say she moaned would be an understatement. It was a loud animal moan, and she leaned forward putting more of her weight on the bed. She was resting herself on the bed now and had spread her legs apart some, allowing me even better access, and thus I began to probe deeper with my tongue, as she moaned and sighed, when I finally got to her clit and took the first lick and suck of her clit she literally screamed out "Oh my

God" and with that climbed up onto the bed and really placed her ass and pussy up in the air, and with that I just devoured that pussy from behind (I love eating pussy from behind this way, I think it is the best). During this time I was also removing my clothes, shirt and shoes, pants and such, but trying not to break the attention I was giving her pussy. Oh my god it was incredible to hear this woman, I think that had to be the best part of the entire experience, was hearing this woman, who had not had sex in 12 years (she told me later) panting, moaning and groaning,

Crying out for me not to stop, and then when it hit, the first orgasm she went wild and slid onto the bed and turned over with her legs spread, and what a sight, she was big, thick, and trembling, shaking, shuddering, the look on her face, in her eyes, just this trance like stare, a totally pleasure filled daze (as she later told me) over her face. But I was not done, I dove right into that pussy, spreading her legs more, and this is where I went in for the kill as I will call it. I went back to her pussy and went right for her clit, and began to suck on it, hold it with my lips and flick it with my tongue,

With this she reached down with both hands and grabbed my hair, wrapping my hair painfully in her fingers (god I thought she was going to pull it out) and pulling me hard into her pussy and she began to grind and fuck my tongue, grinding so hard I thought she would break my nose (and when she came the second time, she almost did), and actually made me cut my lip a little. I could not believe it, here was this incredibly straight laced religious woman, going buck wild as I totally enjoyed every bit of her pussy.

But now I was beginning to hurt I was so hard, and when she released me from her grip, I moved up, kissing her stomach, soon positioning myself just over her, looking her in the eyes when my cock touched her pussy and the head slipped into her. Her eyes opened wide and she looked right into mine, and I slid my cock into her in one long slow motion, again she moaned out loudly, it was fantastic, this woman was so tight, her pussy had a very firm grip on my cock and I began to pump in and out, slowly building up my pace, then slowing down and enjoying her wonderful big breasts as I fucked her.

She has got the largest nipples, and aureoles about the size of saucers, and so dark. She would moan deep as I sucked and bit on her nipples, they swelled up so much, just perfect. I just kept a nice steady pace and listened to her moans and soft cries, saying "Oh God, God yes it feels good" I think I only lasted about 15 min, god I was fighting it, but I soon pushed into her with all I had and came in her pussy. When I came she again opened her eyes and looked at me with, I do not want to say surprise, but she did let me know she felt me cum, and god did I cum hard,

I came so hard it felt like I broke something. I held myself over her looking at her face, and she was smiling and breathing hard. I moved beside her and she looked at me and said, give me a min. She then grabbed her cell phone on the night stand, called her friend, and told her she was going to be late. We went at it 2 more times, her on top and me hitting it from behind, which allowed me to look at her nice ass the entire time. Later she told me how long it had been, and although she did not exactly plan on anything happening, when it did, she decided she was, as she said, "

Not going to leave this earth without having some good sex one more time". Oh, I will be going over to work on her computer a little more. By the way I love to have sex give and get pleasure is my motto si if anyone from in & around Mumbai want to have some good to me.. also into kinky stuff.. just tell me your kinks if any & will go along & will really be u r kink able partner.. hit me on prince6112002in@indiatimes.com ;_)