Wife's Birthday Pie

"Your birthday's coming up in a couple of weeks, Jen," her husband Rick said as he massaged her legs. "Have you thought of what you want?"

Jen was face down on the bed. Massage was their foreplay. It consistently got Matt aroused to the point of almost losing control when he lovingly pressed his fingers into her firm, resilient legs. Typically, by the time he got to massaging her ass, he was breathing hard and seeping.

"Mmmm, that feels good. Yes, I've thought about it a lot lately," she replied. "I want you to fuck me silly on my birthday."

He slid his hands up above her knees. "We always have a good bedroom session then," he said. "There must be some catch - like you want to go to the Bahamas for that."

Jen giggled. "There is a catch - or, two or three. Massage my buns now. That makes my pussy so hot!" She heard his breathing pick up as he grasped and kneaded her ass.

"What are they?" he panted. She said nothing for a few moments. Then she said, "My hot, nasty pussy is ready for you. Stick it in me, but keep still."

He loved it when she talked like that. With her on her tummy, he spread her buns apart and easily slid inside her pussy. Then he lay on top of her. The feel of her ass cushioning his hips was exquisitely arousing.

"Mmmm, it feels so good when you're inside me like that," she cooed. "Just stay like that. I want to experience this feeling." He did as she requested, even though he desperately wanted to pump with his cock inside her.

"The conditions are things I want you to do for me," she began. "On my birthday, I want you to fuck my hot, nasty pussy and cum in it several times." She felt his cock pulse once inside her. "So I want you in chastity for two weeks before the big day. That's so you'll work up a lot of sperm for me."

"Two weeks!" he thought to himself, "How can I manage to not cum for two whole weeks!"

"And, while you're in chastity, I want you to suck my hot pussy to orgasm every night. That will help you be oh, so ready to fuck me over and over on my birthday!" She subtly tightened and released her inner muscles, and felt his cock pulse again.

"Oh God, no!" he thought silently. "I'll go crazy."

"There's one more catch," she giggled. "Every time you fuck me on that special day, I want you to eat the pie and give me an orgasm. I know that's one of your fantasies."

He wondered how she knew. He was always careful to not leave clues from his internet surfing. He had never actually eaten a creampie before, and he wasn't sure he could overcome the post-ejaculation blues.

She began to rock her hips. He couldn't keep still, and in a matter of just a few moments, exclaimed as he erupted inside her.

Jen giggled, and said, "Will you do that for me? Without backing down?"

Her words about not backing down echoed in his head. This has to be about pleasing her, not about pleasing me, he reasoned. Then he shakily said yes.

She turned over so that she was face up, and spread her legs. "Now I want you to look at my pussy with all your sperm there. Don't try to eat the pie yet, just look at it. You can feel it if you want, but I want you to see close up what you're getting into."

He stuck his finger in her copiously spermed pussy and wiggled it, feeling her inner grotto. She responded by squirming and moaning. Then he used the semen as lubricant to stimulate her bulging clitoris, and she soon crested.

"Rick - fuck me again. Good and hard."

He entered her again and plowed her pussy for about fifteen minutes, and then recklessly spurted inside her. They stayed coupled together, feeling each others' heartbeats, until he got drowsy.

"Well, it's time to put the cock cage on you and start your period of chastity," she said in a firm assertive voice.

"Cock cage?"

"Yes, a cock cage. I know you have the best intentions, but a woman can't be sure unless her guy's cock is in captivity."

"Where did you get a cock cage?"

"Silly - do you think I don't know how to web surf? Stay right there."

A few moments later, Jen giggled as her slender fingers placed the cage around his apparatus and locked it. "It's only for two weeks, love. I'll unlock it when I'm ready for you to fuck me silly on my birthday. Now it's time we got some sleep."

The following day, Rick keenly felt the denial, made stronger by his wife's no-nonsense insistence that he wear the cage. True to her word, every evening as the days dragged on, she straddled his mouth and had him lick her to orgasm. He tested her resolve a few times by begging her to unlock him, but she was steadfast, and firmly said no each time. She frequently teased him, telling him she was anxious for him to fuck her nasty and slutty pussy.

Finally, the intervening two weeks seemingly made longer by his denial, the big day came. He reserved a room at a downtown hotel for the night, and after a nice dinner, they headed upstairs. All he'd been able to think about for several days was how much he wanted to cum.

Fully dressed, they lay on the bed in romantic foreplay. A half hour later Jen's clothes were off and he had licked her to orgasm. Finally, she told him to take his clothes off.

"Now, where did I put the key to your cock cage?" she mused.

"Jen!"

"Tee-hee! I'm just kidding! I've been looking forward to this for a long time too, and I wouldn't come here without the key."

She unlocked his cock cage, and giggled when his erection jutted straight out. She knew she'd best not tease too much before the first fuck of the night, since he might ejaculate before getting inside her.

She lay back on the bed, spread her legs, then spread her arms wide as if she were tied to the bed. "Fuck me, Rick! Stick your desperate cock inside my nasty pussy and fill me with your sperm!" she commanded in a teasing, pouting voice.

He wasted no time entering her. He gasped at how sweet the feeling was. He tried to go slow, and gave long thrusts, withdrawing almost completely each time.

"Oh, yes, fuck me!" she exclaimed. "Fuck your nasty, slutty wife until her head spins! I'm your wife and I have to submit to your cock! I have to spread my legs and submit to you all night!"

"Aaaaaugh!" he exclaimed as his powerful ejaculation took hold. He pumped wildly as he spurted and spurted. He swore that this was the longest and most intense cum he had ever experienced since their wedding night several years ago.

Rick was still panting after a few minutes. All he could whisper was, "Oh my God, Jen! That was SO intense!"

She giggled.

Then, in a hoarse whisper, she said, "Rick... Now... For me... Please."

He knew what she meant, and had been trying to mentally prepare himself to follow through. He withdrew from Jen's well fucked pussy, and crawled between her legs.

Oh my God, what a mess, he told himself. But I've got to do it. It's for her. I told her I would. Go on, do it. It's not about your pleasure, it's about hers. You took your pleasure, now you must give her pleasure. Go on... Go on...

Jen shuddered as Rick took a few tentative swipes with his tongue. Her profuse arousal was mixed with his sperm and there was quite a bit of that mixture on the outside of her pussy. He noticed her gasps of pleasure as he cleaned the joy juice from her external cunt. It didn't taste bad. It was much like when he ate her pussy normally, with a little different taste and texture.

Then Rick had his wife straddle his face, and she wildly rocked her hips as he continued to extract the mixture of sperm and feminine arousal juice from her pussy. After exclaiming, "Oh my gosh!" several times, she wordlessly climaxed, after which she lay on top of him.

"Oh, that was intense," she panted. After some tender kisses, she said, "Your slutty wife is ready to submit to your cock. How do you want me, sir?"

Her nasty talk and her words about submitting and surrendering got Rick desperately hard again. His arousal was still high after the two weeks of denial, and he had her lie on her tummy as he fucked her. He plowed for at least fifteen minutes before blasting forth again. He didn't have to talk himself into eating the pie. This time it was he who surrendered, and accepted her wanton pussy on his mouth and gave her two orgasms.

His immediate lust satiated, he entered her again and they enjoyed lengthy intercourse in several positions before he lost control and spurted inside her. Then it was mouth to pussy time again. They slept for a few hours, and repeated intercourse twice more.

The next morning they had breakfast by room service. Jen told him, "I feel like my insides have been rearranged. You fucked me silly!"

A week later, as they were having intercourse, she said, "Thank you for the best birthday of my life. I know it was hard for you to abstain for two weeks, but you have no idea how hot that made me. I wonder what it would be like after you've worn the cock cage for three weeks."

"Oh God, Jen!" he exclaimed as he spurted and spurted.

-----
This story is copyright 2012 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com). All rights reserved. No reposting without permission. Please see my other stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
