Hello readers here is my another magnum opus for you Its an Incester Story I assure You like this and when it finished you must want to masturbate. So ready for that read and write to email me.

"Mom, oh Mom, I am home" Aravind yelled as he walked into the back door of his house. Aravind had just turned 18 a month earlier; he was already a handsome, strong young man for his age. His 6"2" 190 pounds of solid muscle made him look much older, of course his deep back eyes and sandy blonde hair only added to his Brad Pitt appearance.

Aravind was sore from football practice today, he had been moved up to varsity and practice had taken on a whole new meaning. He was in contention for the starting position of middle linebacker, but he would have to beat out the senior who had played that position for the past two years.

"Mom, are you home"? No answer. Aravind made his way to the refrigerator where he grabbed an ice-cold coke. Making his way to his room, he heard a noise coming from his mothers bedroom Aravind continued down the hallway, the noise was getting louder; he cocked his head to the side. Was his mother ill? The sounds were low moaning noises; he immediately became concerned as he reached the door to his mothers room. The door was ajar and he peered in. 


Aravind could not believe his eyes, it could not be. There was his mother in all her beauty, and what a beauty she was. Mallika was only 41 years old; she had Aravind when she was 24. Mallika had long beauty curly red hair that cascaded down over her shoulders, her eyes were dark, and her shape remained very cute and adorable. Aravind had many passing sexual thoughts of his mother during the past 3-4 years, many times ending in his masturbation to thoughts of making love to her beautiful body.

Aravinds mind reeled back to his first masturbation episodes over his mother. He remembered seeing his mothers bra and panties in the dirty laundry hamper. The erection he immediately obtained when he picked them up, they was so sensual and silky feeling. Aravind remembered bring the bra to his lips for the first time, thinking what it would be like to feel in mothers breasts inside her sexy bra, pressed against his lips. The smell that her pantys crotch was intoxicating to him, the heavier the musk fragrance the more he loved it. Several times, Aravind had licked his mothers panties crotch, that mere action intensified his erection and subsequent ejaculation to unbelievable levels. The lingering fragrance and taste excited him beyond explanation. Several times, he found them wet and he wondered if it was all his mothers pussy juices or a combination of her juices and his Dad is cum which had seeped out after their lovemaking. Aravind often wrapped his cock in her panties and bras while masturbating, spewing his cum into the crotch of her panties, or catching his pulsating load in the cup of her bra. He could not help but think about his cum being next to his mothers breasts and nipples, as well as nestled against the mounds of her hot sexy pussy lips.

Another moan from his mother caused Aravind to instantly snap back to reality. His eyes went back to where his mother was laying on her bed. There his mother lay; he could not believe his eyes. She looked so beautiful in her home wear back zipped dress. Her skirt was bunched up around her waist -- Her white silk top were unbuttoned and laying wide open. Aravind blinked, his breath catching in his throat. His mothers breasts were fully exposed in all their glory, her nipples deep red and fully erect, they reminded him of large ripe raspberries he picked as a much younger boy. His mothers facial expressions were contorted in some form of sexual ecstasy and was turned to the right facing the door, which he peered through, but her eyes remained tightly closed as she moaned over and over uncontrollably. But the real shocker was seeing his younger brother Ravi positioned between his motherss out stretched thighs. It was not registering, that is until he realized that his mother was moaning from the pleasure she was receiving from his younger brother. The movements were undeniable Ravi was thrusting his hips with a relentless pounding rhythm, as his mothers hips raised to take each passionate thrust that Ravi delivered. Ravi and Mom were fucking with wild abandoned, like lustful lovers not able to get enough of each other. Aravind could not believe his eyes; his 18-year-old brother was fucking the woman of his dreams, am I dreaming he asked himself.

No, Aravind was not dreaming, Ravi was in the throws of passionate lovemaking, both Mallika and Ravi were unaware that they now had an audience. "Oh Mom, you feel so good, I love fucking you" Ravi said, as he began thrusting faster and harder into his mothers wanton pussy. "Yes yes, Ravi, thats it, faster and harder. You know what Mommy likes baby, give it to me honey, fuck me baby, take me, make me yours sweetheart". Oooooooooooooh! Mallika was moaning louder and louder as her head rolled from side to side with each building wave of orgasm that quickly approached her twitching pussy. She was lost in the moment, her only thoughts were of Ravi and her fucking, the taboo and yet the pleasure, coupled with the burning desire to feel Ravi squirt, racked her body and mind. She loved the thought of Ravis cock fucking her cunt; he was at the perfect age. Ravis cock was in-between that of a boy and a man, that mere thought drove her absolutely wild; she loved the smoothness and baldness of his young shaft and scrotum. Plus, Ravi could cum 3 and sometimes 4 times in a row, she loved feeling her pussy filled to the brim with his hot young creamy sperm. The fuck session made her crazy, she felt so horny and naughty as she felt Ravis cock slip deep into her slick silky pussy.

What he was watching, the sounds and the musk fragrance that was filling the room memorized Aravind. Unconsciously, Aravind had unzipped his pants and brought his own engorged cock out to stroke as he watched the taboo incestuous love making that unfolded before his very eyes. Aravind"s cock was that of a man, he was a full eight inches in length and at least 2 inches in diameter. His initial strokes were long slow caressing strokes; he loved the stiffness of his cock, the power he felt from his raging hard on. Pre-cum droplets quickly formed on the bulbous head of his pulsating cock.

As Mom and Ravis tempo quickened so did Aravind"s masturbation strokes. His hand was securely wrapped around his thick shaft and his strokes had gone from light and gentle caressing strokes to long fast pounding strokes of desire. With each stroke, he imagined his cock slipping in and out of his mothers silky pussy; he too wanted to fuck her. The scene was so sexually charged he still felt as if he was dreaming. The familiar sexual sensation of his approaching orgasm was beginning to build in his scrotum and pulsating shaft. Aravind did not want to waste this masturbation by simply squirting all over the wall and floor. He was in a sexual induced trance, his little head had taken over all rational and control. Setting his coke down, he quickly stripped out of his clothes. His raging hard-on stood at full attention and was quite impressive as his youthful erection laid stood straight up, laying tightly against his hard six-pack abdomen. He resumed his stroking as he pushed the door open and walked to the edge of the bed. Moms eyes opened in a dreamy gaze, Ravis eyes were closed, his head tilted back as his hips thrust powerfully back and forth. Mom never missed a stroke as her hips meet each of Ravis increasingly faster and harder pounding thrusts; she was an incredible fuck machine.

Aravind moved even closer to the bed, Mom during one of her upward meeting thrusts shifted slightly and brought her head to the edge of the bed. Without a word being said, only building moans of ecstasy intertwined with primeval grunts of sexual passion filling the room, Mom opened her pout lips and slipping her right hand around the back of Aravind"s hard muscular body, she grabbed his rock hard butt checks and pulled him to her. He was more than willing as he directed his glistening engorged cock into his waiting Mothers mouth. As her lips and tongue swirled the head of his cock, Aravind felt a rush of light-headedness, his knees become weak. The sensation of his mother sucking his cock was indescribable. Slowly she engulfed more and more of Aravind"s rigid cock down her throat. Aravind was memorized as he watched his mothers lips wrapped around his cock, experiencing sensations never before known.

Except for the motion being created by Ravi pounding into his mothers cunt, Aravind had totally blanked out everything else but this incredible sensation his mother was giving him. He could not imagine how his mother could take him so deep without gagging, where was she putting his throbbing eight inches of cock. Without thought, he reached down with his left hand and placed it on the back of his Moms head. He wrapped his fingers in her long curly black hair and as if taking charge of the rhythm he began thrusting his hips forward as he pulled her head down onto his pulsating shaft. Aravind was fucking his mothers mouth, and it felt to damn good. With his right hand, he reached out to cup her right breast. As his hand cupped his mothers titty for the first time, he could not comprehend the emotion and sensation of ecstasy he was feeling. The softness, smoothness, yet firmness was driving him sexually crazy with desire. He kneed her full ample titty over and over, feeling the erect nipple in the palm of his hand as he caressed her. His mothers moans increased noticeably as he fondled her swollen breast. Aravind then using his forefinger and thumb began to tweak his Moms deep red ripe raspberry sized nipple. She obviously found that very sensual as she was moaning with so much pleasure, it was constant with each tweaking. The harder he tweaked the louder she would moan, and it appeared that her thrusting hips and lips were accented by stronger and stronger thrusts and sucking motions.

Ravi was the first to break the non-verbal arena of pleasuring sounds. "Mom, oh Mom, I am going to cum... Oh God, you feel so good Mom. I love you! Mmmmm Mom take it, take it all" and with that he thrust his hips forward and began to grind his pelvic against Moms pussy lips. Aravind watched as his brother Ravi sent his young creamy load of hot sperm squirting into his Moms love canal. Ravis head was swinging side to side in total ecstasy as he drained the load of sperm from his scrotum into his waiting mothers cunt, he had fucked his mother. As his mother ground her pussy against Ravis pelvic, Aravind only saw love. He did not see anything dirty or disgusting, rather a sharing of emotion and feelings through tangible physical touch, the though of it being incest meant nothing, for it was the purest form of love that was being expressed. Aravind felt his own orgasm closing in. "Mom, I am about to cum, can I cum in your mouth"? Mom, lovingly raised her eyes to his and he knew the answer, that look triggered his orgasm. Aravind thrust his hips forward as he pulled her head deep onto his now engorged pulsating shaft. He could feel Moms tongue swirling around and around, along with the pleasure of her sucking. Then with the rushing torrent of a damn bursting. Aravind felt the first stream of his hot creamy sperm race up the length of his shaft. Involuntarily his cock shaft began to powerfully pulsate; jettisoning each stream of cum deep into his mother is waiting mouth. Aravind"s knees felt weak, his cock continued to pulsate and send stream after stream of his hot salty cum into his mom. She took every drop; he could feel her swallowing load after load that shot out of the head of his probing cock. As his orgasm subsided, she pulled back off his cock and began to swirl her tongue around his bulbous cock head. The sensation was indescribable; it sent electrical sensations of both ecstasy and almost pain to his receptors.

Ravi had laid down on top of his mother, her breasts now cushioned against his chest as everyone tried to catch their breath. Mom had taken hold of Aravind"s shaft and was licking it lovingly as if it was her"s and her"s alone. Ravis cock remained nestled inside Mallika"s cunt, their juices mingling together, his sperm swimming in search of her eggs. Her juices covering his cock shaft and balls, she was incredible wet.

Aravind was the first to speak. "Wow, Mom that was incredible. Thank you so much, I love you Mom". Mallika looked up at her handsome young stud of a son standing next to the bed, his cock now hanging in a relaxed position, but still glistening with some of his sperm and her salvia. She smiled and said "Aravind, I love both you and Ravi so much, thank you for the pleasure you brought to me this afternoon" Ravi, raised up and kissed his mothers lips, it was a lingering kiss of pure love. As their kiss broke, Ravi said "Mom I can never tell you how much this means to me, thank you from the bottom of my heart"

Ravi slipped out of Mallika"s cunt and flipped over to one side, Aravind climbed on the bed and laid next to his Mother on the other side. Both boys cuddled, placing their heads on their Moms chest, their lips drawn to her still erect nipples. Each boy gently began to suckle from her breasts. Mallika"s breathing quickened, as the sensation of both her boys sucking her nipples was very arousing. She arched her back slightly as if wanting to shove more of her titty and nipple into each of their exploring and sucking lips. She reached out and putting a hand on the back of each Ravi and Aravind"s heads, she gently pulled them towards her excited breasts. The boys hungrily sucked on Mallika"s nipples, they loved the sensation that her huge ripe raspberry sized nipples created as their lips wrapped around each one. Mallika"s mind reeled back to when she had nursed each boy as a baby, how each had drank her mothers milk. She remembered several times how the sensation of the baby boys sucking on her nipples caused her to actually orgasm. Her pussy was gushing with renewed wetness; she loved the thought of Ravis sperm seeping out of her pussy lips and running down the crack of her ass, streaming ever so slowly across her puckered raised bud.


As Aravind and Ravi suckled their mothers nipples, all three began to feel the arousal of their sensual touch. Mallika moved her hands to both of her sons cocks; she loved the feel of their young strong cocks. Taking Ravis cock in her left hand, and Aravind"s in her right hand, she gently began to caress and stroke their now ridged hard-ons. Mallika smiled to herself as she looked down to see the top of each of her sons heads as they quickened and intensified their sucking and caressing of her breasts and nipples.

Mallika loved the noticeable difference in cock sizes as she stroked both dicks. Both boys began moaning as Mallika began to increase the tempo of stroking each of her sons cocks. Her mind was reeling in sexual pleasure and building thoughts of wanton desire. Aravind stopped his sucking for a moment and looked up lovingly into his Moms beautiful eyes; she smiled back and responded with a very sexy wink. Aravind scooted his body upwards and without a word being spoken, his lips met his Moms in the most passionate kiss of his life. Their tongues naturally searched for the others, their lips were hungrily mashed together, kissing like teenagers in heat. Both Aravind and Mallika began moaning as their lingering kiss continued in a lustful and passionate pursue of building sexual desire. Aravind was lying against his Moms side, his cock resting against her creamy soft yet firm thigh. He could not help but to start thrusting his cock against her leg. She smiled to herself, slightly interrupting their passionate kiss. She loved the feeling of his long thick cock against her flesh; she could not help but think of Aravind as if he was a dog in heat, humping her thigh. Both Mallika and Aravind found themselves gasping for air after their deep passionate kissing session.

Ravi continued to kiss and suck his Moms breast; he loved the feeling of her titties. Ravis cock was now also nestled tightly against his Moms leg, but he had not begun the humping action that Aravind was doing. Mallika continued to arch her back, feeding more and more of her titty into Ravis eager mouth, the sensations of his lips and tongue on her breast and nipple was sexually electrifying. Ravi stopped sucking his Moms nipple and moved upward until his lips found the crook of her neck; Ravi knew she loved having her neck kissed. Mallika moaned out loud, as she felt Ravis lips on her neck. She was ready; she wanted to be fucked again and again. Her hand went to the back of Ravis head where she held him close as he kissed and licked his mothers neck. "Oh baby", Mallika moaned. "I love you both so much". Mallika bent her head down slightly and kissed the top of Ravis head as he continued with his lingering kisses.

Aravind allowed his right hand to cup his mothers right breast, he was enjoying the incredible sensations of feeling his mother up and her titties were so full and firm. Aravind was grunting and moaning as his dick slid up and down the outside of his mothers thigh. Mallika could feel the slickness of his pre-cum coating her thigh as he humped her. She wanted to feel his cock slip between her pussy lips, to feel every inch of his thick shaft as he slipped deep inside her waiting and wanton cunt. All she could think of was the sensation of Aravind fucking her for the first time, the thought of his sperm mixing with his brothers deep inside her pussy. Both of her sons creamy loads drenching her cunt, each of their sperm fighting to try and impregnate her eggs, the thought was intoxicating to her.

Mallika could not contain her sexual desires for another moment, "Ravi, honey I want Aravind to fuck me". Both boys stopped, Ravi looked up, smiled and tenderly kissed his mothers lips and arose from the bed. Aravind could not believe what was happening, but all he knew was he had to have his Mom, he wanted to fuck her more than anything in the world. He leaned forward and both Mallika and he engaged in another passionate kiss. Aravind shifted his body and positioned himself between her spread thighs; his cock shaft was laying up against his six-pack tummy, as it came in contact with his mothers outside pussy lips for the first time. His cock head was a deep crimson color glistening from both his abundant droplets of pre-cum as well as from being engorged to the point of looking as if it would burst and split open from so much sexual excitement. Mallika loved the look of Aravind"s cock like that, she knew and could feel how much he found her sexually attractive. Her sixteen old son was about to enter her waiting cunt for the first time, together they would join in a mutual desire to fuck each other to unexplainable levels of incestual pleasure.

Mallika began grinding her pussy lips against Aravind"s pulsating cock shaft. As they continued to passionately kiss, Mallika slipped her hand between their bodies and pried his ridged cock downward so that he might be able to enter her waiting pussy. As she touched his cock, Aravind moaned and his tongue swirled against hers. He slightly raised his hips to better position his cock head between his mothers cunt lips. "Mallika toyed with his cock, rubbing his swollen cock head between her slippery pussy lips. Aravind was breathing so fast and labored, his level of sexual excitement was off the scale. With animalistic desire and urges, he began thrusting his hips. Mallika"s cunt was so well lubricated with Ravis sperm and her own pussy juices that Aravind"s cock slipped in full length with his first thrusts. Aravind could not believe it, his cock was buried in his mothers cunt, and he was actually fucking the woman of his dreams. He became light headed, the sensations of his mothers pussy wrapped around his pulsating cock was incredible. Both knew he would not be able to last long. Mallika moaned as Aravind"s long thick cock split her pussy wide open. The sensations she was experiencing were wonderful, so different from the sensations of Ravis cock. Aravind could not help himself as pure passion took over. He slipped his arms along side his mothers sides and under her arms so that we was gripping her shoulders. He lowered his chest to her breasts, the sensation of her cushioning breasts and nipples against his chest drove him even crazier. Aravind was taking charge, with wild abandon he began pounding into his mother is yielding cunt. Mallika was pinned beneath her muscular sixteen-year-old sons body as he fucked her passionately. She could not move, she was his and he was taking her, she could not have stopped him now if she wanted too, not that she did.

Aravind"s hips were in a rhythmic fucking motion of long strong pounding thrusts. Mallika was floating with ecstasy, with each downward powerful stroke of Aravind"s pounding cock, a involuntary grunt came from her throat. Aravind"s cock head was bumping off her cervix as he was penetrating her pussy so deeply. She was being so well fucked; her mind could not comprehend all of the wonderful sensations that were racing through her mind and body. "Oh baby, baby you feel so good in mommys pussy. You are such a wonderful lover Aravind, fuck me son make me yours, baby. Do I Aravind, fuck mommys pussy, shoot your hot creamy load of sperm inside me? Come on honey, try to make me pregnant, come on Aravind, give it to me, and squirt inside my pussy. Your cock is so big honey, fuck me baby, and fuck me like your Daddy fucked my pussy when I was 23"

That was all it took, Aravind could not hold back. He began moaning as he thrust his cock faster and harder into his waiting mothers cunt. She was going to be his, they were lovers and he was claiming her as his. With a final deep thrust, he arched his back and ground his hips into her pelvis. His cock was sunk inside his mothers cunt to the max, his first rush of cum came rushing up his long thick shaft. He could only moan as he felt his sperm begin to gush into his waiting moms pussy. This had to be a dream, but the sensations were so real so wonderful he could only hope he would not awake from this wonderful moment of manhood. Aravind"s cock was pulsating with such force, he had never cum like this before, stream after stream of his white hot sperm spew out of the head of his cock which was nestled up against his mothers cervix. His eyes were clenched close, his head thrown back.

Mallika was in total ecstasy herself, as she felt the first stream of sperm erupt from Aravind"s probing cock it triggered her orgasm simultaneously with his. They were experiencing their first orgasm together as lovers. The waves of orgasm continued to wash over her, each one exploding with renewed intensity, to the point that she thought she might pass out from the pleasure Aravind"s cock was delivering to her. The thought of his creamy load squirting into her was so exciting and yet so fulfilling. Mallika was grunting and moaning uncontrollably as she was grinding her pussy unto Aravind"s cock, her legs involuntarily wrapped around Aravind"s, as she raked her nails over Aravind"s rock hard butt muscles as she tried to take even more and more of Aravind into her wanton pussy. Their orgasm continued on wave after wave, the duration was incredible for both Mallika and Aravind.

Aravind finally collapsed, lying on top of his mother, feeling her full breasts cushioned against his chest. Both were panting from the intensity of the orgasm, it had been so wonderful. At that moment, they heard Ravi moan too. They both instinctively looked towards were Ravi had been standing next to the bed watching Aravind fuck his mother for the first time. Ravi threw his head back, both saw his hand slipping up and down on his cock shaft, then as if in slow motion they watched as squirt after squirt of his hot cum spewed out of his erect cock. The first load landed on the side of his mothers neck and shoulder, the next two squirts landed on Aravind"s back. The entire family had orgasms together. 



