Hey mates and I'm commencing with the introduction, myself Pranay 18 years old brat. Both mine and my tool's height length has same numerical. I'm 6.1 feet and my tool 6.1 inches. My friend's always do call me Sexy Bastard not very sure whether I actually I'm or not.

I got a sexy cousin named Neha nickname Sweety . She is a year younger to me but trust me she is a sex goddess! Anyone who sees her will surely get a hard on for a moment and she is fair and has perfect body sculpture.

Her milky white boobs, red hot juicy lips and soft shiny legs are to masturbate for and sorry guys the story may be a little long because I wish that you imagine and I actually see. Neha and I had a very deep intimacy since childhood.

We used to smooch each other when we were younger and it takes two years that's when start fucking.

We were going on a trip with our family and had to travel in a taxi Innova. Everyone else except her and me had slept as it was afternoon time. Neha was sitting right next to me.

We then slowly held each other's hands. Neha slowly took my right hand and fixed it between her left arm and her left boob. I couldn't believe it. Then she gently whispered in my years: press my breast with your elbow! I was scared as someone might see us but her 32D boobs tempted me much more.

I slowly started rubbing my elbow and I was colds truck when I felt warmth of her breasts even through her clothes after 15 minutes of boob press and I took my handbag and kept it on my lap. So she slowly slid her hands on my tool over my jeans.

I was also getting tempted as I saw her nipple getting erect and so I slowly pinched her nipples for that she quickly put her hands in my jeans and scratched my soldier. What a feeling and we did same thing while we were going back.

Then next day at her place I and she were alone. I slept on the bed as I was fatigue. She slowly came next to me and gently kissed on my eyes and softly with passion on my cheeks inviting me to follow her and I did the same and followed to her bedroom.

She pushed me on her bed and said: I love you baby! Before I could reply that I love you too, she pounced on me and started to remove my jeans. I didn't want her to taste my lollipop before I licked her body completely. So I pushed her and ripped her Kurti top.

I licked her melons wildly and bit her light brown nipples. She shouted: Oh boy! And pushed my head deep inside and I couldn't control my temptation so I gave a love bite on her boobs. Now I was desperate to surrender my soldier to Neha.

So I winked at her and she undid my jeans. She kissed the tip of my tool and then licked it stroked it and sucked it in sucks manner that for a second I thought it melted in her mouth. After that she took my balls in the mouth and almost swallowed them.

She then grabbed my ass and ordered me to pump her mouth. I did that for next 20 minutes. I was about to cum so I took my lollipop out her mouth but she gave a jerk and gulped all liquid down her throat.

Now I was lying naked on her bed. She undressed herself completely and jumped on my face. I was surprised as what she was doing.

She: Are you ready for little rough sex?

Me: Yea baby today I'm yours!

I couldn't believe what she did next. She sat on my face in such a way that her pussy is directly on my mouth what an awesome position. So now she was humping my mouth and her white sweet tight tasty pussy was licked by me forcefully though I loved it!

I was hardly able to breathe but I managed to eat every corner of this delicious love hole. I pulled her ass to increase her speed. She started moaning loudly still I continued for next 15 minutes.

Now we decided to play The Final Game. She slept on the bed facing up and I slept over her and I inserted my Soldier in the warmest hole ever and slowly pushed it inside. We started slow and passionate sex.

We were smooch each other with all the love we had for each other which tempted her even more so.

She: Bro I wish not to live any further if you tear my virgin love hole.

I couldn't stop after hearing this so I pumped her harder and even harder. Because of this she was scratching my back and biting my shoulder. This continued for 25- 30 minutes in the end and I cum in her pussy and after 2 minutes she squirted in my mouth after that we had a bath together and slept naked with each other for 2 hours. For feedback mail me at smarthockey@me.com
Has reading this story made you horny? Want to sex chat with real life hot women?
All the women below are LIVE! and waiting to talk dirty with you!