
 
Over the next few years things stayed as they were, we would be sleeping together most nights, have sex regularly and enjoy kiddie stuff together. My parents believed I had a girlfriend but didn't know why I'd never brought her home. In fact at one stage they thought it was a boyfriend.
 
We would visit our friends in the south and enjoy being a couple. They took us as married. With the names being the same and we knew each other so well, there was no reason for them not to believe differently.  These were times when we'd really be close in the open which was lovely.
 
It was this same couple we swapped partners with on occasions. She is Linda, 37 years old and he is Mark, who was 36. Linda was very sexy. She loved wearing revealing tops and short skirts. To any guy, this would make them look more than once.  She had long legs and long black hair. Her tits were 34C and her nipples never appeared to be anything other than erect.  Linda's pussy was smooth, so instantly that made my cock hard.
 
Mark had short hair, average build though had a little more muscle than me. He was about Kay's height. His cock was 8 inches and thicker than mine. In fact his length was too. He wasn't shaved around his cock like me but was very well trimmed.
 
We were having a few drinks with Linda and Mark in a quiet pub when the conversation got around to dogging and swinging. Kay and I had never done either, though fucking each other outdoors is part dogging. Had we had an audience, we'd be members!
 
Mark said "we've swapped and swung for years and really enjoy it. Linda loves being fucked and eaten whilst I'm watching or fucking someone"
 
It was Kay that jumped in before me and said "wow that sounds like lots of fun. Who do you swap with and what are their ages?"
 
It wasn't until later that she told me that she wanted to know if any swinging families were involved. That hadn't crossed my mind.
 
Linda told Kay "all ages swing from your age and younger to much older. It's not just male/female, sometimesits same sex. I've been with another female, though Mark isn't interested in male sex"
 
As she said this, her right hand was under the table and moving up my leg to my groin. Instantly my cock's reaction was to 'wake up' and Linda knew that, as she reached it. Kay gave me 'that' look to say "I know what's happening"
 
Mark has started talking to Kay in a quiet 1 on 1 conversation which I couldn't hear. Linda was smiling at me as she was rubbing my cock through my jeans. She whispered "oh big boy, looks like someone's going to have fun tonight. I hope it's me"
 
And that was our invitation to go to their place and enjoy the night. Once we got there, the wine was poured, Linda sat next to me and Mark next to Kay. As the conversation went back to sex, Linda had one leg over mine, revealing her g-string. It was a lacy white one, so I could see her pussy through it.
 
She said "are you liking what you see?"
 
I replied "bloody hell for sure I am" I then looked over to Kay to make sure she was okay with me saying that and what Linda was doing. She was okay for sure, her lips were locked onto Mark with his hand exploring her tits under her blouse. I thought, if he continues then she'll squirt cum everywhere, as she usually does when her tits and nipples are played with.
 
Linda had unzipped my jeans and pulled them down along with my boxers to my knees which allowed my cock to throb in the freedom. As she wrapped her hand around it, she passionately kissed me and said "fuck you're horny. You look so big being shaved"
 
I moved back to her lips and kissed her again as she started sliding her hand up and down my cock. This made me extra horny and the kisses became more intense and I started biting her lip.
 
As Linda was stroking my cock and we were heavily kissing, I moved my hand to her g-string and was rubbing her wet cunt through it. It didn't cover much of it, so every time my hand moved, I had a feel of her exposed cunt. My God her smooth pussy felt good. Her clit was already exposed, swollen and wet.
 
As I started to play with her clit and slide my fingers between her wet lips, she whispered "oh that's it Gary tease me play with me"
 
I started teasing her pussy more and the more I did, the more she stroked my cock and moaned.
 
I could hear Kay's familiar moan, so I looked out the corner of my eye and saw that Kay no longer had any panties on and Mark was fingering her cunt. He was giving it to her deep. Every now and then he withdrew his fingers licked them and said "fuck Kay you taste great and I love your hairless cunt, mind if I eat it"
 
Kay said "oohh yeah Mark eat me"
 
Linda had now moved down to face my cock, my hand no longer playing with her pussy. She started licking the head of my cock and around my foreskin. Fuck this felt good. She then slid her mouth over my cock and started to slide up and down it, taking it all. Oh it felt good and I knew I would be leaking pre-cum. Linda knew it too and withdrew my cock to use her tongue around my head to lick that pre cum up. As she did, she moaned and said "oh yeah that's lovely Gary"
 
I said to her "I need you, I need to he inside your lovely wet cunt Linda"
 
She looked at me and sank her mouth over my cock again. This was one lady that knew what she wanted and would take her time.
 
Moans were also coming from across the room. Kay and Mark were in a 69 position and feasting on each other. I could see Kay was thrusting her pussy into Mark's face, I knew she was about to cum. And she did. She squirted all over his face and in his mouth screaming in ecstasy. As she did, he said "go girl"
 
Linda was still sucking my cock. She loved to take it deep and was good with her tongue as her mouth took it. I had to say to her "you'll make me cum"
 
Her eyes looked up with a grin as she carried on giving me this deep throated blow job. I started to thrust myself into her mouth and face, no longer sure how I could not fill her mouth and throat. It didn't help that Kay hadmoved over and was licking Linda's cunt. I could hear the squelching as Kay buried her face.
 
I started to moan and groan "oh yes yes eat her Kay eat her as I cum in her mouth"
 
Linda was now sliding up and down on my cock faster, she knew what was going to happen and she knew what she wanted. Before too long, I tensed as I shot my load deep inside her mouth and down her throat. She was lapping it up taking it and started to moan herself as she had an orgasm, dripping all over Kay's face.
 
Linda then said "oh Kay, kiss me, feel your husbands cum in my mouth and let me taste my cum"
 
Mark had been watching this and was very hard. He finally said "I need a cunt, Kay I'm gonna fuck you"
 
Kay was bent over still kissing Linda as Mark went up behind her, opening her up, he guided his cock into her cummy cunt, fucking her doggie style. I sat there watching my sister being fucked as she was licking out and tongue fucking that guys wife. I could see Mark's cock as he slid in and out of her. As he did he kept spanking her ass saying "take it girl, that's it gobble up Mark's hard cock"
 
Kay's muffled moans could be heard coming from between Linda's legs. Linda was loving her pussy getting the female attention it craved for and was holding Kay's head to her pussy as she thrust into Kay's face.
 
Watching all this I was getting hard again. Linda noticed this and said to Kay "you can eat me out more when your husband has filled my pussy with cum"
 
She then got up and came over to me. Mark was continuing to thrust deeper and deeper into Kay. Her moans were getting louder and louder. He was panting more "yes yes yes"
 
Linda had got over me as I sat there and with her legs and pussy parted, she slowly lowered herself onto my cock. As she went deeper and deeper I could feel the wetness inside and those muscles gripping my cock. She started sliding up and down and as she did, her tits were slapping my face. She kept saying "that's it boy, get deeper and deeper fill Linda's pussy"
 
Mark said "oh fuck Linda, ride him ride him til he shoots his load into you just as I'm going to with Kay"
 
Holding Linda's waist and feeling her tits in my face only added to my cock being hard again. Linda sinking onto it as she did just made me want to shoot inside her. She started riding me harder and faster, moaning "yes yes yes"
 
At this time Mark had started to shout out "yeah yeah I'm gonna cum...yes yes take it" and at the same time Kay was moaning "fuck yes fuck give it to me"
 
Mark got faster and faster and then shouted "cummmmming now" as he filled Kay's cunt with his jizz.
 
As Linda got faster riding me, she gasped "Mark stay in, I want to suck you clean once done here"
 
Hearing that and being inside her, I couldn't take any more and as I came, holding her tighter, I shouted "fuck yes fuck take it Linda drain me"
 
As I finished filling her with my cum Mark had arrived and got his cock in his wife's mouth. She lapped at cleaning Mark and Kay's cum from his cock. Mark said to her "that's it girl, clean my dick and taste all that cum"
 
I was spent and left them to it. I moved over to Kay, sat next to her kissed her and put my hand between her legs. I wanted to feel Mark's cum mixing with hers. As I moved my hand to her pussy, she opened her legs. I could feel the wetness before getting there. I started feeling her pussy and then my fingers easily slid into it. I said "my god you are so full of cum babe"
 
She said "I know" and smiled.
 
As we kissed again, Linda called over "don't go taking all that cum from Kay, I want to get my head and tongue down there and taste it myself"
 
Linda came over, stretched Kay's legs, got her fingers between her pussy lips and opened them and before burying her head in my sister, she said "okay boys, I'm going to enjoy this wet juicy cunt of Kay's and if you want to fuck my ass or cunt whilst I am, do so"
 
I never thought I'd get hard again after shooting my load twice already but I started to feel my cock rise.
 
On all fours, Linda buried her head between Kay's legs licking up all the juices inside Kay's pussy. Every now and then I'd hear Kay groan as Linda's tongue hit 'the spot'.
 
From the view I had, I could see my sisters legs apart and this other woman between her legs slurping on her juices and sucking on her clit. The other view was Linda's ass and cunt. Her cunt dripping as she enjoyed Kay. Mark moved to her and stated licking those juices from his wife's pussy. He licked them all along her pussy lips and up to her ass, spreading her ass cheeks as he did. Once he'd got her lubricated with her own juices, he guided his cock to her ass and pushed inside her. Something told me that Linda was experienced being ass fucked as she took his cock so easily. As Mark pushed deeper into her, Linda thrust her face deeper into Kay's pussy.
 
Kay was shouting "oh fuck fuck yeah"
 
I was now watching Mark fuck his wife in the ass as she was eating Kay's pussy bringing her to orgasm. I was now hard again and the only hole available was Kay's mouth, so I went over there and guided it into it. Watching what was going on and having my sister suck my cock was starting to be too much. Linda had made Kay cum a few times and when she did whilst giving me a bj, she nearly bit into my cock.
 
Mark had made Linda cum again and when she did, her moans were muffled from being between Kay's legs. Eventually Mark had filled his wife's ass with his cum as I did with Kay's mouth.
 
Totally exhausted, we all collapsed on the sofa, still naked. It was Linda who spoke first. She said "for two young married couple, you sure like to have fun"
 
I looked at Kay and she me and we grinned at each other. If only they knew we were brother and sister.
 
Just before we left, Mark and Linda both said that they'd introduce us to their other swinger friends. Sadly to date, nothing has happened, as our diaries have clashed but we are still trying to arrange.
 
We have met Linda and Mark again many times. Not just for sex but as friends too. We went on a vacation to Spain with them and enjoyed a good week, especially on the nudist beach. To this day we still speak and visit one another but with them having kids and us Sophie, those swapping parties are getting harder.
 
Back home, Life for us continued in the same way. I started looking at property to leave home and prying eyes and Kay and I continued to love one another and be together.
 
One day Kay said "I want us to try for a baby again"
 
"Okay" I said "but what happens if things didn't go right like before"
 
She said "I don't care, I want your baby even if we have to try again and again and I'm sure you'd love one too, with your interests"
 
I smiled at her and said "are you sure?"
 
"Yes yes yes" she replied.
 
I had a massive grin on my face, knowing my sister wanted my baby. Hopefully this time things will be much better.
 
After several attempts and disappointments, Kay fell pregnant and our daughter, Sophie was born in May 2010. She was a little baby and lovely, just like her mom. She had a small amount of brown hair but the rest of her was yummy smooth. She had a little belly on her and her pussy looked absolutely adorable. Both Kay and I would just stare at her when she was naked, and that was a lot, and we'd so admire her, getting ourselves so excited.
 
It was very difficult not telling everyone she was my daughter and hard when people would say things about the 'supposed' father knowing that it was me. I did most of the things a dad does, change her diaper, hold her close, help her feed on Kay's tit, get up at night when I was there to bottle feed her, to push her in the pram and to hold her, naked, close to me so I could enjoy how tiny everything was, including her tiny slit between her legs. I thought, daddy will be licking that soon.
 
And that happened nine months into her little life. Kay and I had been looking at kiddie porn and it included a few babies. She saw how hard that my cock had got and said "why don't you start with Sophie, give her a nice lick and play with her pussy. You could start getting her used to your cock too"
 
I ummm'd and aaahhh'd but the next time I changed the diaper, I decided I needed to taste her. The most memorable taste is of pee. I can still remember that first time when my tongue licked her pussy and only the tip of it got between her little lips.
 
When I described it all to Kay, she said she wanted to taste too, so when Sophie woke, Kay breast fed her naked (both of them) and as she was feeding Kay rubbed her little pussy. When she finished feeding, I held her and Kay,licked our daughter. The first littlegirl she had ever licked. It made her get wet and as she enjoyed licking her, she was rubbing and masturbating her own pussy. Daddy loved seeing this, a special bond between mom and daughter.
 
I'll leave our family life to a future story.
 
