My dream was to see my luscious aunty naked. Because I have never seen a woman naked with my own eyes. But I never imagined about any of my aunties but she was the youngest of them all and she had it all.

Also she didn't have any children and she cared for me a lot. My mind was wandering through all sorts of thoughts related to her. It was a joy. I masturbated numerous times thinking of her. I'm Jerry, 23 years old, 5" 11' well built and I'm from Colombo.

And finally the day arrived for me to feast on this beautiful creamy treasure. At that time I was just 18 and inexperienced. My aunty Chummy came to our place that evening. And my parents had to go out in the evening for a short while.

And I was supposed to stay back at home with my grand mom and aunty Chummy. We also had plans to go out again for dinner later in the evening when my parents return home. Once my parents left Chummy aunty went and had a small nap.

I just couldn't take my eyes off her. I just wanted to feel her. That was the only thought that followed up in my head. After a short nap she went to have a wash. I knew that this was my opportunity. So I started to lay out a plan.

Once I heard the shower running I gave a call from my mobile to the land line and made sure that the land line rang for a long time and pretended to answer the phone call. And then I went to the bathroom door and told Chummy aunty that her brother is calling for her.

So she came out of the bathroom in a rush just wearing her towel. This barely covered all the curves. I took this opening to slowly slip into the bathroom and stood behind the door. She came back to the bathroom since there was no

one at the other end phone and saying that his brother has hung up on her. She came in and closed the bathroom door and without a second thought she took off the towel. All this while she didn't see or realize that her nephew was standing there dumb folded gazing

at her luscious body. Her skin was creamy and clean without body hair. Her breasts were firm and were just a handful for a hand. Her nipples were light brown and her ass was gloriously shaped. And then I have my first glance at a woman's vagina.

It was cleanly shaved and was beautiful. All these took place in a very short period of time and of course aunty Chummy's sudden reaction was to try to cover her self up. And she wanted to know what on earth I was doing there.

I just told her the truth, saying that I wanted to see her naked and that I wanted to feel her. And that I dream about it all the time. And then she just stood there and gave me a cheeky smile. From there on I knew things are going to be fine.

My dick was throbbing in my pants and I'm sure it was pretty obvious for any one who was standing in front of me. She wore her towel and came close to me. My heart started to beat faster. I just could feel it.

She touched my face and I just grabbed her and kissed her. Well that's all that needed to be done. From there on both of us were just steaming to get things going. We continued kissing and exploring each other.

I was able to get the towel off from her body without much trouble. I thought that she would resist it but my dream was just unfolding in front of my eyes. She took of my t shirt and was feeling me all over my body and her right hand landed

on my dick whish was suffocating all this while. She managed to slide my shorts down and to release my thick 6" throbbing dick from my boxers. I knew she liked what she was seeing form the expression on her pretty face.

She held it and stopped for a moment and said that "we don't have much time now do we?". She held my hand and entered into my room which was just next to the bathroom. She locked the door and held me by the face and kissed me with her eyes closed.

I held my eyes open because I didn't want to miss a thing. I loved her juicy lisps. I took the initiative to grab her pretty breast and cupped them with my hands. They were soft and I just didn't want to let them go.

I squeezed them slightly and I knew she liked it from the slight sound she made. She broke the hold of the tongue and got down on her knees to have a good look at my dick. Instead of looking she held it and swallowed the whole length and

started to circle her moist tongue all around its surface area. Specially around the head. I couldn't stand it. She knew it and made my dick disappear inside her mouth. I had the most powerful orgasm ever and I thought ill drop on my knees.

I just got blown by my dream aunty. I don't think I shoot that much cum when I normally masturbate. I was breathless and speechless and could see her gulping all the cum that I shot into her mouth.

Her cheeky smile retuned to her face so I knew she liked it and now she was cleaning me up. I thought that was the end of the evening when she stood up and asked me if id like to blow her brains out. I didn't know if I could but I said Ill try.

She lied down with her legs wide spread. It was amazing. I just wish I could record it. I kissed her belly and her belly button. Then her thighs and finally to her pretty pussy. It was a treat and it was something that I will never forget. I kissed it.

And licked it. Explored it with my fingers. She placed her fingers on the clitoris and she asked me to lick it there. From the time I placed my tongue she was panting and asking me to continue. Her body was gyrating and I knew she liked it.

She tried her best not to make loud moans because we didn't want grand mom to wonder what's going on. She also asked me to insert a finger but I didn't really now and she guided me. I was digging her pussy and sucking her clit at the same time.

And to my surprise my dick was in its full glory standing and ready for action. My left hand was now searching her boobs which her standing proudly and waiting to seek some attention. I grabbed the left boob and caressed it and then squeezed

it till she started to moan out slightly louder than she used to. She stood up and then looked at my dick and was happy to see it at its full length." Jerry we need to hurry up. I think its time to finish this before your parents come."

She asked me to lie down and she squatted in front facing me. She held my dick and guided it in to her warm inviting pussy. I just had to lie there and everything was served on to me. She slowly lowered her self and I could feel my dick trying to slice its way through her pussy.

She took my throbbing dick out smiled and spat on it and then slid back in. It felt better this time because there was less friction. She started moving up and down slowly and I could see my dick disappearing inside her warm pulsating pussy.

I could feel my orgasm building and aunty Chummy realized it and slowed things down. Then I told her that I want to be on top just as they do it in the movies and then she giggled and lied on her back allowing me to be in charge.

She guided me inside and the treasure was all mine. I wanted her to moan out loudly so I rammed my dick all the way in with all the energy I had left. And she responded with the equal movement and while gyrating her body.

I held her breasts firmly and bent down to taste her lips. Her legs were wide spread and she was caressing my back and actually scraping my skin with her beautifully painted long fingernails. With the slight pain she was causing me

I bent down and bit on her nipples which she really enjoyed. My orgasm was building and at the same time I could hear the garden gate opening. I knew my parents were back and with the sudden excitement and fear I ejaculated my load into her warm pussy.

She grabbed me and gave one wet kiss and then threw me off the bed and ran to the bathroom while locking the door behind her and I was on bed trying to figure out what happened during the past 15minutes inside my room. I fucked my beautiful aunty on my bed. It was amazing.

No one knew what had happened that evening and throughout dinner Aunty Chummy and I were exchanging looks and talking through our eyes. I just wanted to drag her to a near by room and fuck her hard. I knew she would like to do that too.







