Manish and his sister Nilima had been very close when they grew up.
She was now 34 and he was 30, and lived very far apart. One event
always stood out in Manish's mind. When they were younger, she had
caught him jacking off and to his amazement and surprise, she
casually strolled into the room, undid her top, and took his
throbbing member between her 38 D breasts, and rubbed him to orgasm.
After he had cum, she smiled, and walked off. Now, 21 years later, he
answered the phone, and it was his sexy older sister. "Bob and I are
getting a divorce" she said. "I need to talk to someone, and you are
my closest friend. Can I come and see you?" she asked.

"Sure, sis" Manish replied.

"I am gonna catch a flight in the morning, at 10 am, and should be at
Lambert Field by twelve," she said.

"I will be there to pick you up," Manish said, smiling widely. He had
really missed his sister, and was anxiously awaiting her arrival.
Manish barely slept that night, thinking about how much he had missed
her.

He arrived at the airport an hour early, and as he sat and waited, it
seemed like an eternity before Nilima's plane arrived. He barely
recognized his older sister, as she strolled through the gate. She
looked incredible. Her hair was almost waist length, very blonde, and
her breasts looked so large and firm. Much larger than Manish had
remembered. He ran to her, and they embraced. Nilima sobbed as her
younger brother held her tightly. "Oh Manish, my life is so fucked
up," she cried.

"It's okay, sis," he said, holding her, comforting her. They carried
her bags to his corvette, and he opened her door for her, and watched
her long, sexy legs as she slid into the car. Her skirt slid upward,
revealing her soft creamy thighs. Manish felt his cock thicken as he
watched his gorgeous older sister.

He quickly tried to think other thoughts, and he walked around to the
driver's side of the car. He slid into the car, and quickly drove
away. His eyes wandered down his sister's hot body as he drove, and
he would occasionally stare at her pretty thighs, as her skirt rode
up. His cock stiffened, and he had a very noticeable bulge between
his legs. Nilima's eyes caught her younger brother's erection as it
pressed firmly against his jeans. She felt her pussy dampen. She
hadn't had sex for 3 months, since she caught her husband Bob,
fooling around with that other woman. She smiled as she remembered
the time she had rubbed her younger brother to a hot climax with her
monstrous breasts. She remembered how his cum had erupted wildly
splashing against her chin, and she remembered how sweet he tasted.

Her pussy was now soaked as she stared at his large bulge. Nilima
felt very brave, and her hand slid between her brother's legs. Manish
gasped as his sister's long red fingernails ran across the bulge in
his pants. "Mmm, you feel so big and hard," she said, as her hand
squeezed his throbbing cock. Manish softly moaned. Nilima unzipped
her brother's jeans, and his large 9 and 1/2 cock flopped out. Nilima
gasped as she looked at her younger brother's beautiful cock. She
bent downward, and took his large pulsating cockhead between her
lips. Manish moaned as his sister took his cock deeply into her
mouth. Nilima's tongue slid up and down the throbbing shaft, and
Manish moaned loudly. She cupped her brother's balls in her hand, and
moved her mouth up and down his cock quickly. Manish thrust against
his sister, watching her long beautiful blonde hair as she sucked him.

"Oh God, I'm gonna cum!" he moaned. She moved her mouth quicker, and
his cum erupted into her mouth. Nilima moaned as her younger
brother's cum shot against the back of her throat.

"Mmmm..." she moaned. It tasted just as wonderful as she had
remembered. She hungrily devoured every drop of his precious cum,
sucking him until the last of his sweet jism oozed from his massive
cock head. She removed her mouth from her brother's stiff cock, and
looked up at him. He smiled brightly, and she slid upward, and
pressed her lips against his. Their tongues slid against each other,
and they passionately kissed.

Manish's cock remained hard, as they French kissed. Nilima unbuttoned
her top, and removed her humongous breasts from the tight bra. Manish
gasped as he looked at her beautiful white globes. Her nipples were
large and pink, and very erect. Nilima slid her skirt upward, and
Manish noticed her tiny pink panties. He could see the wet spot
between her legs, and she slid the panties off, and tossed them to
the floor board. She spread her legs widely, and he caught a glimpse
of her blonde pussy hair. It was trimmed neatly, and he could see her
marvelous wet pussy lips glistening with her juices.

"Pull over, now!" she yelled. Manish quickly pulled over to the
shoulder of the highway, and Nilima wasted no time. She quickly
climbed onto his lap, and his large cock slid into her tight, wet
pussy. She pressed her lips against his, and they passionately kissed
as she slid all the way onto his large cock. "Oh GOD!" she moaned.
Nilima bounced up and down on her brother's hard cock. She climaxed
quickly, as she felt him throb and pulsate inside of her. "Oh yes,
it's so big" she yelled. She pressed one of her large breasts against
his mouth, and he eagerly accepted the pretty nipple between his
lips. He sucked hungrily on her nipple as her tight pussy gripped his
cock firmly.

"Oh sis," he moaned.

"Yes, cum in me little brother, I wanna feel you," she moaned. Manish
needed no further encouragement, and his cum erupted into her hot,
tight pussy. Nilima moaned as she felt the thick hot cum shoot into
her aching pussy. "Yes, oh GOD!" she moaned, cumming again. She rode
her brother's cock wildly, as he nibbled on her beautiful nipple. Her
pussy spasmed around his large cock, and she could feel his cum still
oozing into her. She quickly thrust her tongue into his mouth, and
they kissed as she slowly slid from his cock.

"Oh GOD!" he moaned.

"Yes, mmm..." she whimpered. "Oh thank you so much, Manish" she
moaned. "I really needed that."

"Oh me too!" he said. "So, how long are you gonna stay?"

"I don't know, yet," she replied.

"You can stay forever, if you like," he said. Nilima smiled widely as
her little brother said that.

"Oh Manish, you are so sweet!" she said. They both quickly dressed,
and Manish began driving again. They quickly arrived at his house,
about 10 minutes later. She was in awe as she looked at Manish's
beautiful large mansion. "Damn, this is nice" she said.

"Well, being a lawyer does have its advantages," he replied. They
held hands as they walked into the large house.




