                     Oh, Sister! - Chapter 3

Becky woke with a start.  After they had recovered from 
their biology lesson, Vic had fetched a towel and used it to dry 
her perspiration and mop up some of the sex-fluids still welling 
out of her pussy and clinging to his own genitals.  She was 
amazed at the size of the wet spot in the middle of the bed.

"A true lover will volunteer to sleep in the wet spot," Vic 
said solemnly, then grinned when she started to take him 
seriously.

In the end, they both fell asleep in the dampness of their 
union, naked and cradled in each other's arms.

Now it was just dawn.  A faint, grey light was coming 
through the window.  They had shifted as they slept.  Becky was 
spooned in her brother's front, and one of his arms was clasped 
about her.

Becky played the memories of a few hours before like a movie 
in her mind.  She remembered his gentle caresses and insistent 
probings of her most secret parts.  Her cunny twitched as if it 
itself recalled the relentless pressure until he had finally 
battered down her maidenhead with his cock.  She unconsciously 
bucked her ass against Vic as she remembered how she snapped at 
his cock with her pussy in the final throes of their passion.  
Vic muttered in his sleep.  Perhaps the sexual rhythms of her ass 
were penetrating his sub-conscious.

She reached behind her and caressed her brother's bare 
flank.  He stirred again in his sleep and rolled slightly away 
from her.  Instantly her hand moved to his belly, then south to 
where his cock rested in soft repose.  She started massaging the 
limp flesh and Vic awoke with a start.

"What are you doing?" he asked sleepily.  He had sort of 
assumed that he was going to fuck his sister only once.

"Guess," she replied.  His body knew:  His penis was already 
half erect in her grasp.

"Ummm," he said quietly and reached around to her front to 
start caressing her tits and lightly pinch her nipples.  They 
firmed into fleshy bullets and he marvelled at the feel of his 
sister's soft, warm teats as he massaged them under the covers.

Becky fondled her brother's genitals.  His hairy ball bag 
was soft with the two elusive orbs within.  In contrast, the 
hard, smooth shaft of his phallus was rigid in her grip except 
for its' spongy head.  It jutted out of the mass of crisp pubic 
hair that covered his pubis.
When her hand slipped up the length of Vic's cock again, she felt 
the moisture of his pre-coital seepage.  It was time to up the 
stakes.  She turned loose, moved her ass back into her brother's 
loins, and raised her upper leg.  Vic thrust his hips slowly 
forward and she guided his prick along her labial groove.  She 
dropped her leg, trapping his cock against her pussy.  She 
reached down her front and felt the tip of his pole just peeping 
out from her pubic nest.  Becky put two fingers on the clefted 
underside of his cockhead to force it upwards into her clit.

Vic started slowly bucking against his sister's ass then, 
sliding the length of his rod along her pussy lips.  Becky 
manipulated its tip, making sure it nudged her love button in its 
hood.  After a few minutes the whole area was damp.  The juices 
were bubbling out of Becky's cunt again to be distributed around 
by Vic's cock.  The time for foreplay was over.  Becky signaled 
her readiness by raising her leg again and Vic paused.  After a 
moment's shifting under the covers Becky had her brother's fuck-
pole poised at the entrance of her moist sexual slit. "Now," she 
commanded simply.

Vic obediently skewered his sister.  Both of them gasped as 
their cock and cunt met in moist friction.  Vic's prick felt just 
as good inside her as a few hours ago, Becky thought, and Vic 
again marveled at the slick tightness of Becky's cunt.  He 
started humping her gently.

Becky felt her box expand to accommodate her brother's cock 
and she drew her knees up to let him in deeper.  She reached down 
to her love mound to toy with her clit and feel Vic's turgid 
snake, wet with her juices, slide back and forth between her 
fingers as it plumbed her from behind.  She felt a sudden desire 
to be held and kissed by her brother.

"Let's change," she requested.  "I want to hold you."

Vic pulled out of her body and she rolled onto her other 
side to face him.  They embraced and kissed and she sould feel 
his rigid cock, still wet from her pussy juices, slither between 
them.  She broke the embrace to grasp her brother's penis while 
he stroked her warm breasts still hidden under the covers.  They 
smiled as they fondled each other's erogenous zones, then 
embraced and kissed again.  Vic maneuvered his cock so that it 
slid between his sister's thighs and both of them enjoyed feeling 
his flanged cockhead slide back and forth along her pussy lips.

After a few minutes of humping, Becky rolled away from Vic 
and flexed her upper leg up against her chest.  He paused while 
she forced him into her body, then pushed to slide his firm penis 
rest of the way in.  Becky grinned with the enjoyment of feeling 
her brother's cock inside her again, and Vic grinned in return as 
he plumbed his sister's liquid depths.  They embraced and kissed 
a third time before clasping each other to start fucking again.  
Becky's pussy soon caught fire from Vic's unmerciful scraping her 
tender walls and she cupped his ass cheeks in her hands to drive 
his cock deeper into her belly.

"More, Vic," she begged.  "Deeper--deeper!  Fill my cunt!"

"O.K., Sis," he said, and pulled out of her again.  "Stay on 
your side just like that with your leg drawn up."

Vic threw back the covers to expose his sister and knelt 
behind her straddling her outstretched lower leg.  He pushed her 
upper leg higher up and looked down to see her wet cunt exposed 
at her crotch.  Vic introduced his cock between those moist lips 
and shoved it all the way up his sister.

"Oh, Vic!" she groaned.  "Fuck me!  I love your cock in me!"

Crouched over his sister, Vic thrust rhythmically to drive 
his phallus into her.  He fondled her jiggling breasts, then 
raised her upper thigh vertically to open her wider and deepen 
his penetration.  Becky fantasized that her brother's penis was 
halfway to her heart. She loved the way he was stretching her 
wider with each stroke.  With a sudden flash, she wanted to be 
taken by him, to simply feel his cock thrust into her with no 
tenderness, to feel him twitch as his semen drenched her pussy.  
Once, when in the country, she'd witnessed two horses copulating 
in a field.  She suddenly wanted to be possessed as the mare had 
been, mounted from behind by the rutting stallion.

"Behind!  Take me from the rear!" she grunted between his 
poundings.

"Ok, sis," Vic panted and pulled out of her body a third 
time.  His erection was firmer than ever and his penis stayed at 
a forty-five degree salute while he waited for Becky to roll onto 
her front and draw her legs up under her.  He put his hands on 
her hips and raised her ass off her ankles.  She spread her knees 
and he could see the glistening pink gash of her cunt peeping out 
from between her thighs.  Becky's pussy lips twitched in 
anticipation and with one swift motion he raised off his haunches 
and jammed his tool between them.  It buried itself up to his 
balls with an audible squelch.

Becky gasped, "Oh!" as her brother mounted her once more.  
Though not as deep as a minute ago, the sensation of his penis 
sliding into her was the clearest yet.  Vic started to thrust his 
cock forward and pull her hips backward until his belly was 
jammed against her ass.  The smooth mounds of flesh quivered as 
he pounded them and he could see the faint tan lines left by the 
infamous string bikini dividing the two rounded hemispheres into 
lighter and darker halves.  Seeing the light parts excited him as 
he realized that he was now privy to his sister's most secret 
parts.  Things she had showed no one else.

Becky felt her brother's ball bag slap her clit on each 
thrust.  She loved the feeling of helplessness this new position 
gave her and buried her head into her pillow to savor the warmth 
his prick was generating as it slithered in and out of her pussy.  
Nothing existed except her cunt and her brother's cock inside it.

Tiring, Vic slowed down his pace and released Becky's hips.  
He leaned back a bit to watch his stiffened cock slide into her.  
The inner folds of her pussy disappeared as he stuffed himself 
inside her, only to be pulled out again as he withdrew.  Above 
the stretched hole he was plumbing Vic could see Becky's anus 
nestled in the cleavage of her ass.  The tight, puckered orifice 
winked at him and he paused a moment.  Vic wet his middle finger 
in his mouth and touched the center of his sister's asshole.  It 
spasmed slightly and he pushed the wetted digit in up to the 
first knuckle.  Despite his experience, Vic had never fucked a 
girl in the ass before, and he was intrigued by the clinging 
warmth his finger felt.

Becky was startled by this new intrusion.  She hadn't really 
been aware of the erotic possibilities of her ass but the double 
penetration of her anus and cunt felt good.  She encouraged Vic 
by squeezing his finger three times with her sphincter.  Vic 
slowly slid the rest of his finger up her ass and rotated it 
inside her rectum.  The effect was electric and she groaned aloud 
into the pillow.  Vic started pumping his cock into Becky's pussy 
and, at the same time, jammed his finger into her ass.  Now 
Becky's world had two focuses:  Her cunt and her asshole.  Both 
flamed with their own penetration.  The flames spread slowly.

Becky raised herself up onto her elbows and started shoving 
her cunt up her brother's cock harder, meeting his forward 
thrusts with her own backwards ones.  Her suspended breasts 
quivered and danced bounced with each stroke, nipples erect from 
the jostling.   As if he could read his sister's mind, Vic 
suddenly plucked his probing digit from her ass, leaned forward, 
and cupped a handful of quivering girl flesh in both hands.  He 
moved his hands in circles in time with his thrusts, fingering 
the stiffened nipples each time he slammed his cock home into 
Becky's cunt.

"Unhh--unhh--unhh," Becky groaned each time her brother's 
blunt cockhead nudged her cervix.  She could feel the flanged 
glans inside her scraping her pussy walls each time he withdrew 
for another stroke.  The heat radiating from her box  was just 
about at the point, she knew, where it would ripple outward and 
engulf her.  She threw her head back.

"Oh, fuck me, Vic!" she panted.  "I'm almost there.  Fuck me 
harder--harder--harder."

Vic released her breasts to grasp her hips and pull himself 
deeper into her body.  Pure lust had overcome them again and 
again they ruthlessly screwed each other,  The smooth curves of 
Becky's ass quivered again as Vic's belly slammed into the valley 
between them with an almost popping sound.  The tempo picked up 
as they raced to a climax.

"Fuck me--fuck me--fuck me--fuck--fuck--fuck," Becky 
chanted, no longer able to keep up.  With each stroke, Becky felt 
like her brother's rod was probing deeper than she ever imagined, 
stretching her sex organs beyond belief.  A vast, unquenchable 
tickling began deep inside her and she knew that she was moments 
from cumming.  The heat in her cunt broke into flames, enveloping 
her in a flash.

"Oh, Vic!  I'm there!! I'm---aaahhhh!!!"

This last was a scream directed into the pillow as her 
orgasm flushed all the words out of her head.  Only the primal 
emotions of sex were left as she felt her vaginal muscles 
rhythmically contract, grasping Vic's penis and trying to draw it 
deeper into her.

Vic could feel his sister's cunt squeezing his cock and this 
drove him over the edge.  Right at the peak of her climax, his 
own hit him.  Raising off his knees a few inches, he shoved his 
prick into her one last time.  He leaned forward and drove her 
flat onto the bed with the force of his thrust.  He held Becky 
tightly in a death grip as he felt the semen rush the last few 
inches out of him.

"Oh, sister," he whispered into her ear as his cock started 
it's own pulsating rhythms, spewing jism into her cunt, filling 
it up.  "You feel so good.  Feel my cum.  I'm filling your cunt 
with my seed."

He bucked against her upturned ass a couple of times as the 
torrent from him ebbed.  His penis made a squelching sound as it 
displaced the combined pussy-juice and semen that filled Becky's 
cunt to capacity.

With a moan they disengaged.  Vic fell back on his haunches, 
his semi-erect prick flopping wetly onto his front, dribbling the 
last few drops of semen within him.  Becky lay face down, flat on 
the bed.  Her splayed legs exposed the still twitching lips of 
her vulva as sex-fluids ran out from between them and inundated 
the sheets.  The pungent odor of love-making hung in the air.

Vic stretched onto his side next to Becky and sighed 
contentedly.  She turned on her side to face him and they 
embraced.

"Is it like this every time?" she asked.

"No," he answered.  "I don't think anyone could survive the 
ecstacy, but it happens often enough."

Becky's hand crept down to find her brother's cock.  As she 
toyed with the wet sexual flesh, he reciprocated and she was 
suddenly aware of a trickling sensation on her thigh as another 
dollop of juice from her pussy joined the pool between them.

"I guess I'd better change the sheets," she murmured.  "Hope 
I can get them into the wash before Mom sees them."

"I'd better get in the wash, myself," Vic replied faintly.  
"Or she'll think I spent the night with some floozy."

"Would you rather her have guess that than the truth?"

"Guess so.  Any regrets?"
Becky suddenly embraced her brother where he lay.  He got a 
momentary thrill as her tits mashed flat on his chest.  She 
kissed him on the lips.

"Not one, brother dear.  Wanna do it again?"

"Not at the moment," Vic confessed.  "I'm kind of sore."

"Nothing a few hours rest won't cure, I'll bet," Becky 
chortled, and kissed him again.
 

 
 
