I finally get gucky

By: lucky


It was about eight am when the phone woke me up. It was my sister on the
phone. Would I like to go to the casino with her? Sounds good to me,
what time you picking me up. Well I can?t go till Noontime she said. Gee
it?s a four-hour drive there; it won?t leave us much time to gamble. She
said. Well I though we could stay overnight. I told her ok. She said she
would drive and pick me up at Noon.

I ate my breakfast then showered and shaved and got ready. Sitting at
the table and having my second cup of coffee, I stared to think back
when we were kids. I remember when I was fifteen and she was nineteen, I
was lying on the sofa and she came out in a short night gown. She
started ironing her clothes; little did she know the light behind her
let me see her tits like she had nothing on. If I close my eyes right
now I can see them plain as day. I don?t think to this day I saw a
better pair of tits. At fifteen my cock got hard at a drop of a hat, now
it takes two hats. Well I?ll tell ya I whacked off a few hundred times
thinking of them tits. The horn brought me out of my daydream.

As I started to get in the car I noticed my sister had on a short skirt
and a very tight pull over blouse, This was not like her, never a short
skirt and always a sweater over her blouse, I always figured she was
aware of the size of here tits, and it made her uncomfortable. As she
looked over her shoulder and backed out of the drive way I looked at her
legs and saw a lot of thy, then up to her tits, her nipples were trying
to get out of her bra and blouse. Dam getting a hard on all ready. Well
she drove the first two hours, I made like I was resting my eyes but I
just looked at her legs and dreamed of what id do if I ever had the chance.

Now keep in mind my sister never once acted in any way that she wanted
sex with me, It was all one sided and on my part. Hey you want to drive
a few hours now. Sure pull over and ill take over. I got out and stated
to walk around to change with her, But instead of her getting out she
put her leg over the consol and as I looked through he window I saw her
red panties right to her crouch, Man that made me hard as a rock. As I
walked around to the other side I fixed my cock so my hard on wasn?t so
noticeable. Well I adjusted the rear view mirror, not so I could see out
the back, but so I could see her legs and maybe another shot of her
crouch. As I drove I would steal a peek at her legs in the mirror, the
skirt was up fairly high and I got a good view of a lot of leg.

I was thinking of how I would love to kiss her inner thy right up to her
pussy lips, when she said a penny for your thoughts. Ha if she only new,
she would most likely never talk to me again. We never talked about sex
before. Now my sister was and still is a beautiful girl with a great
body, but I always thought she didn?t care for sex that much. Hell her
husband died ten years ago and she still has not gone on a date. As I
pulled off the exit ramp to the casino she got her sweater and put it
on, seemed funny it wasn?t cold, but she always covers them tits up,
what a waste. Why don?t you get a room for us, I asked do you want me to
get rooms that join. She said why pay for two rooms we could share a
room, hell you are my brother. I said ok. As I waked to the desk I
thought hell, I might even get a peek at them tits again. I told the man
behind the desk I would like a room with two double beds. And keys for two.

After I registered and paid for the room, I went to the slots and looked
for her. I gave her a key and said I was going to go play B J. She
laughs at me, I don?t know why. What?s so funny about me saying BJ for
black jack? Gee could she have though about a Blowjob. Now here I?m
trying to play cards and I?m thinking man to have my sister give me a
blowjob, shit I almost came in my pants thinking about that. They say
dreams come true but mine never did. If they did id have made love to my
sister many times by now. Well I?m not doing to good at cards and its
getting late, I look for my sister she?s still playing the slots.
Unaware that I?m watching her, I walk over and tell her I?m going to the
room, Ok she says, but here?s a new key they changed are room. I?ll be
up in a little bit she says.

I take the elevator to the 7th floor room 442, Un lock the door and walk
over to the bed. I sit on the bed and call the desk. Hello I think you
made a mistake, I asked for a room with two beds. Pardon me, did you say
my wife changed the room and wanted just one bed? Ok thank you. I start
to wonder what?s going on, Man can it be what I?m hoping, I shower and
go lie on the bed in my shorts, When I hear the lock being turned and
the door opens, I make like I?m asleep, my sister goes into the bath
room and leaves the door ajar just enough so I can see in, I watch as
she takes her shoes off then her skirt then her blouse That?s enough o
make my cock hard as a rock. She turns her back to me as she takes off
her bra and panties, Um nice ass. She steps in the shower and closes the
curtain; I can?t wait for her to get out hoping I will get to see them
tits. What seems like an hour later the water stops and I see her hand
reach out and grab a towel, she step out with the towel around her,
shit. She walks out into the room with a towel around her, Hey I see
they gave us one bed, well that will have to do she says, your not a bed
hog are ya.

Can you turn around while I put something on please? Oh I?m sorry. I
feel her get in to bed; I turn over on my back, and can see she has her
back towards me. Seems like I was asleep for hours when I hear her ask
if I?m a sleep, I was just ready to answer when I feel her hand on my
leg. I don?t say a word, she starts rubbing my leg very slow her hand so
close to my cock, all she has to do is move it a few inches and she will
be on it, Holding my breath I?m waiting, but nothing she just lays there
with her hand on my leg so close to my cock. I can?t stand it my cock is
throbbing; I ask if she?s awake very quiet, no answer from her, I ask
again a little louder, nothing. I put my hand on hers and wait to see if
she moves, nothing she lets out a little snore, I raise her hand very
gentle and pace it on my hard cock. My cock jerks from her hand being on
my cock, I lay there not moving afraid she would wake and mover her hand
away, after a few min her fingers wrap around my hard cock and she
starts rubbing my cock. She turns my way and her mouth is very close to
my ears.

I know you?re awake, this is what you wanted for years, isn?t it. I turn
my head towards her, yes it is, and I kiss her and she rubs my cock
harder and lets out a little moan. My left hand moves over her left
breast no towel she got in bed nude; this turns me on to no end. Her tit
is so soft and heavy not huge but just right, the nipple hard as a rock.
I kiss her neck moving towards her tits, I wanted them all my life and I
can?t wait another minute. I suck on her left tit then her right one
back and forth, I cant get enough, I suck on one nipple then I want the
other, I push both her tit?s together so I can suck on both nipple?s at
the same time, then I slide my left hand down her belly, telling her to
hold her tits together for me. So I can still suck on them. My hand
slides down to her cunt, and I feel how wet it is. She spreads her legs
very slowly; I?m so fucking hot, my cock is throbbing. I kiss under her
breast then down her belly so slow enjoying the moment. I?m so hot I
want to taste my sisters cunt, but I want her hot as I am, I kiss right
down to the very top of her cunt then I run my tongue over to her left
inner thy, kissing her inner thy with wet kisses, I put her left leg
over my shoulder then I kiss very softly across her cunt lips to her
other leg, she lets out a moan as my lips brush her cunt lips. I put her
right leg over my shoulder, and move my lips to her cunt, I lick her
cunt from the bottom up, she moans an pushes against my mouth I slide my
tongue in her cunt and start sucking on her clit, its driving me crazy,
I?m eating my sisters cunt, and I want her to cum, I slide my hands up
over her tits and I massage them and I just keep sucking her cunt, she?s
pushing against my face and she?s moaning, her body starts to tremble
and she starts moaning and pushing against my face, I know she?s
Cumming, shudder after shudder till she stops, I move up to her face,
did you like that?

It was great I loved it, I look in her eyes, I want you to taste your
cunt I kiss her and slide my tongue in her mouth, she sucks my tongue
and we kiss for a long time. Then I look her in the eyes and tell her I
want to fuck her tits. She smiles as I straddle her chest, I take my
cock in my hand and rub it all over her tits, I love seeing her tits,
But seeing my cock on them is driving me crazy, Stick out your tongue I
tell her, then I rub my cock over her tongue, she starts to lick the
head of my cock, then she takes the head in her mouth, and starts to
suck, I lean over her face and she puts her hands around on my ass and
pulls me to her face, I see her mouth on my cock and its driving me
crazy, I start fucking my sisters face ,the faster I go the harder she
sucks. I can?t hold back any longer, I tell her I?m going to cum but
don?t swallow it, I shoot my load in her mouth and I?m moaning and
fucking her face. As I pull my cock out of her mouth I see some cum on
her lips. Show me the come in your mouth I want to see it, she opens her
mouth and I see all my white cum, swallow it for me, she smiles and
swallows then likes her lips, then takes my cock and licks it clean.

She smiles did you like that? Yes I said I loved it. She smiles you are
going to fuck me aren?t you little brother, I look at her, I?m going to
fuck you all night long, I want my cock in you forever. She says kiss
me, I lean down and kiss her lips. My cock starts to grow because I know
it will soon be in her cunt. We lay there kissing and soon our passion
rises, I can?t keep my hands off them tit?s, they are so soft and her
nipples are so hard and big, I run my thumb over her nipple, Then I
slide down and suck on it very slowly biting it very gentle, to my
surprise the nipple gets bigger, she reaches for my hard cock and
strokes it ever so soft, I want to feel you in me now. I roll over on
her and she spreads her legs never letting go of my cock, I look into
her eyes, we could have done this when we were younger you know, I
wanted you to fuck me, then she smiles as she guides my cock into her
hot wet cunt, as I drive my cock deep into her she arches up to meet my
drive, I can feel her make her cunt so tight on my cock I can feel the
roundness of her hole , I start fucking her harder and harder she moans
and starts fucking me like crazy our mouths on each others sucking each
others tongue, she moves her mouth from mine and moans I?m Cumming , I
was waiting for her as long as I could, she?s making funny noises as she
cum?s, that makes me all the more hot and I cant control it any longer
my cock feels like it explodes as I cum.

I look at her and tell her It was the best love making I ever had. She
smile?s, did you ever think of doing this when we were young? I tell her
about the night I saw her tits and how I never forgot how they looked.
She smiles at me; did you use to think of me when you jerked off? All
the time I tell her. I use to look in the bathroom and watch you jerk
off, then id go play with myself in the bedroom thinking of your cock. I
never knew you wanted to fuck me till lately, I noticed you always
looking at my breast you even got a cheap feel once in a while. I laugh,
I never knew if it was me doing it or you. Well you can feel them
whenever you want to now. I lie on my back, and look at her; I want to
eat your pussy. She straddles my head, and I start licking her cunt, so
wet and so hot for my mouth, she starts rocking on my tongue and starts
to moan. I stop and tell her oh now your not going to get done like this

I slide her down on me, play with your tits I want to watch, I watch her
playing with them tits that I love, lick your nipple I want to watch, I
see her tongue over her hard nipple, I tell her to bend towards my face,
but not to stop licking, my tongue flicks out and touches her tongue and
her nipple wow this gets us both hot. She looks at me, I want it all
tonight, and you missed a hole. I tell her to get on all fours. She does
and puts her head down on the pillow and her ass up in the air. I see
her ass hole and her cunt, what a nice view. I get behind her, take my
cock in my hand and rub it all over her wet cunt, I slide the head in
her cunt just a bit and wiggle my cock around, she pushes back wanting
my cock, but I pull back, taking my cock and putting the head just
barley in her ass. The head is half in; as I put my ands on her hips,
it?s up to you, take it as much as you want I don?t want to hurt you.
She pushes back very easy, the head goes in all the way, she starts to
relax and I can feel my cock being sucked in her ass, wow its so tight,
and it feels so great, now she got half of it in, she reaches between
her legs and cups my balls I feel her finger working its way in my
asshole, she starts rocking back on my cock, I'm so hot I start fucking
her ass harder pulling on her hips, driving my cock so deep in her ass.

I reach around and I play with her cunt with my fingers. She starts
fucking my cock with her ass like it will be her last fuck. This time
when she comes she lets out a scream and moves her ass so hard and fast
on my cock, I cum like a mad man, slamming her asshole with my cock. I
lay down on the bed next to her; we smile at each other as we fall asleep.


* Tell us how you liked this story* *( 1 is worst - 5 is best)*

* * *

				
*1* 	*2* 	*3* 	*4* 	*5*

*
Story viewed: *5167* times
Find more submissions from this author, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/search.php?id=6231>
Tell a friend about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/send_page.php?id=6231>
Post/Read comments about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/comments.html?id=6231>

