Hi, I don't want to tell my name and let me introduce myself to you all. I'm 5.8 tall  58 kg weight , 24 yrs age thin and looking ok and let me describe my cousin she is Ananya (name changed) nice structure, having nice boobs 5.6 height white in colour  she is three years older than me and got married two years ago. Let's go to the story.
This happend 6 months ago when I went to Chennai to visit my cousin I don't have any bad intention that time my cousin and her husband are glad to see me nothing happend that night . I tried after long chat in facebook with my friend's whole night at 10 am morning she came to wake up and she is very beautiful she just take bath and look very sexy in wet hair. 
She wished and said get ready for break fast I can't take eyes from her and she is damn beautiful. She didn't observe it her husband went for office and she is alone in the house her baby is sleeping while eating breakfast I said to her you look beautiful today morning for which she just smiled and leave after breakfast I just wen to hall and watchign tv after some time she joined me to watch serial.
Me: why you are very anxious for serial can we watch ano ther thing
Cousin: no! That's my favourite serial she take the remote and start watching the serial I get bored wiht in five minutes and I just watchign her  and she is involved very much in serial . Suddenly advertisement comes and she turns towards me and I still watching her and my min dis in different world she gets little angry and I ask why you are watching?
I came to this world and just covered by saying I just watching you're anxious in serial she didn't believe it. I concluded by her expressions. I bent my head down and said sorry for that she remain silent I felt guilty and just left to my room that day I just boring and she even didn't call for dinner  but next day she comes with break fast to my room and she wake up . I said sorry again for that she says its ok I feel relieved.
She caress my hair and leave I get ready and searching for my cousin and she is in kitchen. I went to kitchen she smiled and me also smiled she is in saree I didn't stop watching which she observed again I came neare to her .she is cooking some thing I said smell is awesome in which she didnt reply . I didn't stop my self kiss her chin she turn towards me with anger with no time I held her tightly with one hand I bring her face nearer.
I kissed her lips she becomes breathless and she is resisting and I didn't stop after some time. I leave her and she slap me hardly and leave the place I drum stick with the kiss I have with her and she is damn beautiful I think my life will be over and she is good cousin but by this activity , she certainly inform my parents . I felt that I should leave from here.
I get sleep beacuse of night time chat in afternoon I felt hungry I search in the kitchen is ther any thing available nothing is there excpet the mesh in kitchen I felt sorry for my cousin I went to her room baby is sleeping and she is crying . I went to near to her and say sorry. She didn't reply I sit near her and I put my hand on her shoulder. I caressing her shoulder said sorry she didn't talk I again say sorry she didn't turn but she asked why you do like that. 
I replied that it was un intentionally I turned her and she was weeping and her eyes become. I wipe her tears I said I am extremly sorry there is some silence between us. I don't know what happend suddenly. She put hand on my leg and watching my eyes. I get excited and went near face kissed her lips gently she didn't resist I kissed gently for some time and start smooching her lips I almost in heaven
I put my tongue deep inside her licking her teeth she hold me tightly and she close the eyes and enjoying my kiss while kissing I put my hands over boobs covered by blouse and saree pressing them very hard . She was mourning very loudly I broke the kiss and saw her face which was inviting me I went low and kiss her neck and kissed on her chest slowly I removed her pallu I kissed her stomach and licking navel she caressing my hair .
I went up again and removed the hooks of blouse and she is very cooperating I slide bra to aside and put my mouth on one of her boobs and chewing she is mourning very loudly after soem time and she herslef remove the blouse and bra I start pressing her boobs hardly after soem time I put the boobs in mouth and start chewing. I felt like the heaven. I forget that she is my cousin sister my cock is getting hard she understand my feelings
She stops me from pressing she unbutton my shirt she sit on me and start kissing on my bare chest I felt excited she unzip my pant and start pressing my cock over underwear I'm pressing her boobs. She slide my underewar down and hold my cock. That is the first time a girl holds my cock. She is pressing it very hard. She went to my lower part start licking my balls and she put my balls in her mouth. I closed my eyes and starts mourning she chewed my balls for almost five minutes.
After that she start licks my cock with toungue I feel gigled and she put ther wet lips on my cock and starts sucking it I felt lik heaven. She was giving blow job very nicely. I'm caressing her hair while she was fucking my cock with her mouth I can't hold it. She understand and stop I remove her rest of clothes, put her on the bed widen her legs and starts licking her pussy she moans very loudly after licking it.
I put my cock over her pussy and she was resisting but not in the position to stop me. I push my cokc in the pussy and start storking her I increase the speed and also pressing her boobs simultanesously both are sweating too much she was swinging her butt and copreating me after some time we changed into doggy style and starts stroking again. I enjoyed the sex for the rest for two days with her after that I left their and came to home no one suspect till today I missed her.