"Cunt! Mouth, now!"  
Megan-cunt crawled in front of her master and opened her aching mouth once more.  Her eye makeup had run down her cheeks onto her neck from a day of sobbing, whimpering and just plain crying.
"Hold still"
 The first squirt hit her in the eye, but her strict training kept her in perfect position to accept her boss' powerful stream of hot piss.  Her mouth filled up quickly and as she swallowed it ran down her front.  She held her feed-bowl under her chin to catch what she could not gulp down in time.  He enjoyed wetting her hair. He knew how much it humiliated and angered her, particularly this cunt. She spent so much time and money on her hair and then to have it matted down and drenched with acrid urine must have infuriated her more.  She crawled back to her spot on the floor. Her tummy bloated  with sperm and piss which sloshed noticeably. He watched her puffy cunt lips winking at him, her tenderized asshole was still agape which reminded him she needed her plug replaced. 
 "Don't forget to finish your drink,  Cunt."  
She placed her glass bowl of piss on the coffee table and raised up on her knees. Her taut body glistening with piss and spit as she lowered her mouth to the yellow froth. He loved this part.  Now the pampered, ivy-league educated MBA extended her tongue like the bitch she had become and began to lap up her master's piss.  He was getting hard again.  The chain hanging from her collar clanged against the bowl. Her tags dangled freely from her ears. One side read, "Cunt" Also, answers to Hole or Slit"  The other tag read property of Tucker Townsend, if found  immediately bind it, gag it and plug it. It eats cock, pussy and asshole. "

"That's a good girl, such a good girl, such a good doggie, good girl clean up the mess you made, c'mon pumpkin that's it."   Powerfully built and impeccably groomed, Tucker Townsend only slightly lost his composure when he was stroking his cock. 

"See what you caused, slutty fucking tease, now I have to shoot another fucking load just to think straight. Get your fucking funnel ready."

Megan-Cunt reached under the table and got her funnel in her mouth just in the nick of time as white ropey cum shot out of his fat angry cock, the purple plumb head aimed at Megan's funnel-filled mouth as she quickly opened up to accept her after lunch treat. She'd only been fed sperm today. It was now 3pm. She held the funnel in her mouth for a full minute to let it all drip into her mouth. She knew better than to waste any. Her tummy growled.

"Good cunt that's it. Don't miss any" 

The cunt licked up all the spilled cum off the table. She pressed her lips to it to vacuum up every last remnant just as she had been taught in her doggie training classes. Once she finished cleaning the sperm she was given a straw to suck up the rest of the piss because she didn't have time to lap it up today. The dinner time cunt would be arriving at 5:30p and this one still had to clean itself and put all of its toys, collars and leashes back where they belonged and then thank its master properly.

Tucker watched her shower and towel off.  She reapplied her makeup and spent a solid half hour drying and brushing her hair. She was lucky he didn't cum in it this time. Vapid cunt, he thought.  Just before she was ready to dress, Tucker appeared in the cunt bedroom. 

"I think you forgot something."  He held her butt plug out to her.  Like a child caught misbehaving she slowly walked to him and took her plug. Her eyes pleading not to have to plug herself for her ride home. The plug was black and shaped like a turnip, it was tapered severely and slipped in easily until half way then it was extremely difficult, somewhat painful to get the full circumference of it passed her asshole muscle but that was the only way it would stay. Even after more than a year of getting her asshole fucked every week by her master her asshole was still a steel trap. Tucker loved the self plugging routine. He was almost gleeful as her expression went from petulant sulk, to resignation to acceptance and finally the insertion itself which she finally figured out was easier if she stuck the suction base to the sink vanity then perched herself lewdly over it and then fingered her clit to relax herself and then sit down on it. She had long ago lost her self-consciousness in front of her master. She was allowed to use baby oil. She greased it until it glistened then sawed a lubed finger in and out of her sore asshole.  She then wiggled onto her fat plug, nearly fingering herself to orgasm. Her legs quaked and she nearly tumbled off the vanity but stuck a foot out just in time and steadied herself.  She twisted and exhaled and tiptoed gingerly to the bed to put her clothes on. Feeling like she had a fist in her ass. The baseball size plug was a reminder that her asshole as well as the rest of her holes belonged to her master.  

Megan-cunt was allowed to speak for five minutes before leaving.  

"Speak."

"Master thank you so much for fucking my pussy , I mean cunt and asshole today. Also thank you for fucking my mouth. I know how much you like to fuck it while you hold my hair in your fist. I wanted to tell you that, it makes my cunt so wet and makes me tingle when you hold my hair and fuck my mouth. It also makes me wet when you collar me and jerk my chain over to clean up what my messy cunt has leaked all over the floor. Thank you so much master. Also, thank you for the straw so I could drink your piss much faster. It tastes so good I want to be able to drink all of your piss master so you don't ever have to use the toilet again. " 

"You sound like a little girl when you tell a story cunt. You sound ridiculous.  Remember how poised and refined you used to sound. I mean I saw through it, but your rube friends and dim husband fell for it didn't they.  SO what are you reading these days? People and Us?  Never mind. That's a Very good cunt, I believe you drank four or five pints today. You are really getting the hang of it. You are really keeping up with the grooming nicely, I couldn't find one bump or one follicle of stubble when you presented yourself for inspection.  (All cunts must strip and kneel on the bathroom floor, lean forward then place its right cheek flatly on the floor, reach back between its legs and grasp its ankles. This gives master a clear view of its spread holes before he uses them. It's in this position that the day is started with a severe open palmed spanking which lasts for up to 20 minutes.) I think waxing every other day is the way to go. You are allowed to finger your cunt until you cum today and tomorrow for being such an obedient bitch. You really are a good breed of bitch aren't you.  Spoiled, well-educated, pampered cunts always comply eventually and then remain loyal for life. Are you one of those cunt?"  

"Yes master, I am. I owe everything I have to you." 

"Because dumb twat MBA's with law degrees are a dime a dozen, I have 100 identical resumes in my office right now. You are all interchangeable, what makes you special Cunt?  You are pretty and have had a life of fumbling buffoons vying for your attention but what makes you special?" 

"My obedience and loyalty?" 

"That's right, very good cunt. But you know what else? You turn me on. I don't know why. There are prettier cunts , cunts with better bodies, cunts who are more eager, but there is something about your complete submissive nature and your total lack of self-esteem that continues to make my cock hard just by thinking about you."

Megan-cunt began to swell up with emotion, her feelings of hatred for her tormentor were switching to something else. She involuntarily stepped forward as if to embrace him.

Megan-cunt was stopped cold by a stinging slap to her face,  she lost her breath for a split second, turned scarlet and began to cry and apologize.  Tears welled, and began raining on the lapel of her understated business attire. 

`What in the fuck are you trying to pull cunt? You think you are going to live with me? Marry me, be my full time cunt? You think you can do the duties of all the cunts? You are just a once a week daytime cunt. You haven't even trained for overnights? I've bred you surely, I've given you three healthy boys, I made you richer than you'd ever hoped to be. I  found your dolt husband a real career. I  have bred all my cunts, if that helps squelch your aspirations. I have sired at least 20 children with my cunts.  So don't try whatever it is your scheming."

She was now sobbing uncontrollably.  Tucker pulled his cock out.  He pushed her to her knees. He swabbed the tears streaming from her eyes with his hardening cock. He began to srtoke it faster and faster using her tears as lubrication.  He leaned back on the couch and masturbated 

"Time for secrets, let me hear an embarrassing secret and remember I'll know if you are making it up by your tone of voice and the words you use to so make it a good one. I hope it's something completely vile. Hurry up bitch. I need to shoot my load. Don't forget, if its bullshit I am going to whip you." 

Of all the things she hated about her weekly sex degradation, his insistence on hearing her darkest secrets is what she loathed above all else. She was running out of material. She had begun to float half truths and embellish things she had read about as her own experiences. She had to be careful. He remembered every last detail and if something didn't add up or seemed fishy he would punish her severely. She was out of ideas. She finally decided to tell him what she was trying to hold back.














