My name is Joshnaa, I am 43 year old, I am from Mauritius. I have come across this site by sheer luck. I am happily married with 2 sons and 1 daughter all studying in India right now. The story I am going to tell you is about myself.

After reading a few stories on this site I have decided in contributing an unforgettable experience of mine. Six months back, my husband's niece was getting married. They stayed on the ground floor of the same house.

Over here, I presume like in India, weddings are major happenings, unfortunately since my children had just spent their holidays with us and that we did not expect that wedding to be that soon, we could not afford to pay 3 air tickets to get them down here to assist the wedding.

My husband and his family are Sugarcane planters, him and his elder brother looked after the fields and my sister-in-law and myself being educated had taken jobs. Sunita is a bank clerk and I am a teacher in a college.

Sunita and myself got married the same day 25 years back, we are cousins (our mums were sisters). Sunita got married to Vijay and I got married to Raj. Vijay was then 27 year-old and Raj was 33-year old.

Due to this we have always been friends, we shared everything in our life. Unlike, most extended family ours has always functioned well despite the presence of in-laws. My married life has been near perfection to my point of view but

was always described as being monotonous by my female colleagues at work. They just could not understand how someone could lead exactly the same events everyday throughout life. But for me, I was happy, as I knew nothing but that.

Raj left home with his brother at 4 am and was back by 1 pm that was their timing, as the sun did not permit long hours in the cane fields. We (Sunita& I were lucky not having to wake that time as my mother-in-law had acquired the habit

of providing food to her husband and she kept the habit for her sons. A week before the wedding, my sister-in-law son's arrived from UK. I had always seen him in photos but this was the first time I was to see him physically.

His mum got married years back to someone from Trinidad and since she was sort of excluded from family. We kept in touch via letters on rare occasions but as he had just finished his A-levels with excellent grades,

he was paid a holiday to our magic island as a reward (by her mum who always wanted him to meet the family). Atish was his name and he just turned 18. He arrived with his friends Michael, Simon and Keith. Michael was his best friend and the other two boys were school friends.

The minute I saw Atish, I could see the striking resemblance between him and my husband. It was like seeing Raj 25 yrs back. He was amazingly handsome. Michael was to find himself a place in a hotel but my Sasoorji insisted on him joining us at our average size house.

I was against the idea, as we had not enough space to lodge that many people especially with the coming wedding, knowing that we would have visitors who would come to stay with us. Nevertheless, I knew that my opinion would not be taken into consideration.

Simon and Keith were dropped in a rented bungalow by the beach close to our house. I discovered in Atish a wonderful boy. He knew he was smart and spent most of his time with Su & myself. Michael could understand not much

when we spoke our home language but was always pleasant with us. The wedding approached and the relatives, i.e, the dadis, the nanis came to stay over. Our house was soon over-populated.

Michael and Simon volunteered to sleep on the balcony facing my room as all other rooms were taken over. They were happy to sleep there in their sleeping bag they brought with as they were always moaning about the heat.

It was a Thursday, I remember well. At that time I had at that time not "other" feeling for Atish than a mamee to a nephew. I had just finished my periods and I was on my fifth day. I would to point out here that though I am a traditional Indian woman I always loved sex.

At this point, I would to give a brief description of myself. I am 5 foot something, I am pretty fair, I have long hairs combed and parted in the traditional Hindu manner, I wear 36 size bras and I have large puffy aureoles and a medium size bum.

I am not a model but an average looking Indian woman. I don't believe that I am good looking though I have received numerous compliments about the way I dress. My usual dress is the Saree but I have since my youth liked deep necklines both back and front in my short Cholies.

Coming back to that night, it was already 11 pm. Raj was having a few drinks with his cousins who came to help with the preparation. I wanted sex that night (I am not usually demanding); I had my bath and went to bed.

Atish and Michael went to their balcony facing my room earlier than me. As they had spent their day with the rest of the crew, they were exhausted. As I walked in my room, I checked on the guys. I could not see much, but since I heard no voice I assumed that they were sleeping.

My mother-in-law had taken the curtains to be washed for the wedding. As the boys were new to our place, the night-lamp was intentionally left on in to allow see where they were stepping to use the toilet in our room.

Raj came at about midnight, he was drunk. He had a shower and joined me in bed. Because of the boys' presence, I was sleeping in my petticoat and blouse. Raj knows can guess when I want sex. He laid on the bed facing me and started kissing me passionately.

At that time, I knew he was drunk and was wanting help, otherwise, he would have lifted my nightie and would rub his erect cock against my pussy waiting for me to be wet before penetrating me.

That night, because of the drinks, knowing his difficulty to get an erection, I knew I would have to take his cock and suck it till he was hard enough to pleasure me. So I did it. Soon I was on top on his great cock and we fucked the usual way.

The blouse was ripped open, my breasts were hanging on my bras, and my petticoat was on the floor. I was riding his cock with my back facing him, as he liked. I was facing the balcony, then suddenly, I saw a glow in the dark, it was the light of a burning cigarette.

One of the 2 was watching us. It was too late to stop, as I never liked breaking the rhythm especially when I am about to come, I carried on riding Raj till he came in me. Because of his drinks, he had lasted longer made me come twice.

I stepped out of bed and went to the shower. I was now feeling awkward. I had fucked in front of somebody and the worse was that I did not know who watched me. As I walked out of the shower, I had a strange of wanting to show myself more.

Vijay was already snoring in bed, I stood by the door step of the bathroom naked wiped myself leisurely giving a full of every inch of my body to the one who was watching me. My vagina was wet again but I knew that Vijay could not provide me more than once in a night.

The next day the minute, I woke up; I was feeling ashamed of my act. I was thinking how an old cow like me had acted as a slut. I attended to the house chores and went to work. The boys were still sleeping.

At work, I wanted to speak about that " event" there was nobody I could trust. I tried to speak to Su, but did not manage to get through to her. But the whole day, I realized that this incident had turned me on horribly. I was constantly daydreaming and wet.

I reached home, now it was Friday, to my deception the boys were not home. They had gone out for barbecue with their friend. I complied in doing the preparation works but never got the time to speak to Su.

I stayed awake till 1 am waiting for Raj when he came I pretended to be asleep. He tried to wake me up for his fuck but I did not respond. At about 3am, the boys came back. I had heard the stopping car.

I undid my bra-less blouse completely and opened the knot of my petticoat to reveal my vaginal bush and pretended to sleep. They tiptoed in. I kept my eyes closed, I was exposing myself completely to 2 persons whom 1-week back was completely unknown to me.

Then for a flash of time, I sensed them stopping for a few minutes by my bed and watch.. I was already dripping wet. A few minutes later, I woke Vijay up by sucking his cock, nearly instantaneously; he was hard and started having me.

Out there was, were now 2 glowing lights, both of them were watching. I fucked Vijay in a way that he could not guess that we were being watched. I was going wild, so wild that I came 4 times. For the first time in my life,

I was shouting for Raj to fuck me harder and to make me come. I experiencing something new, I wanted to show and prove that at my age, I could still fuck and give pleasure. In that 10 minutes, I made change positions so many times that I sensed that he was dazzled by me.

I was simply wild. I was exhausted, I was sweating and out there the cigarette lights were still on. I watched them till I fell asleep. At 3:30 am, when Raj woke up, he shook me up and asked to put something on because of the boys.

I mumbled "OK" and pulled the sheet on me and told myself that I would soon wake, the sleep was so nice. At about 5 am, just as the sun was rising, it started raining. I heard the boys waking up suddenly but it started pouring,

they did not have time to pull up their sleeping bag before it got wet. I woke up holding the bed sheet upto my nape and I watched them. They were hesitant to walk in; all of us knew that I was still naked under the sheet. I pointed the towel to them.

They smiled and dried themselves. I was feeling awkward again. Still confused about last 2-night shows I had given them. As there no other place they could find place to sleep. I shifted in the middle of the bed and without saying else Michael and Atish

place themselves on either side of me. As they got in, I kept myself completely covered with the sheet. To my surprise, both of pulled down their wet slips before joining me under the bed sheet. I was red; a strange feeling had invaded me, a mixture of fear and excitement.

I was scared that anyone found me in that state and was excited because I was in bed with 2 young men not even half my age. We started chatting and the boys were telling about the barbecue and the girls they met at the hotel.

I started feeling slightly at ease; Aatish and Michael were both on their sides facing me. Their sights were riveted on my breast, which every now and then got accidentally disclosed. This must aroused them as soon I was feeling their cocks against my thighs.

Few minutes later, Atish fell asleep and I felt his arms extending over my breast. Michael and myself carried chatting, Michael was telling about how nice he found our local "coloured" girls. Then we decided to sleep,

Michael told me that he needed to go to the toilet before.when he stood up, I was shocked to see his cock and it was simply enormous, it was circumcised and it had a big shiny red head. I could believe that this 18-yr-old could have such a big tool.

He came back his cock was now limp but it was still impressively long and fat. He got in bed next to me again and I told that they would not find me when they woke up, as I would have gone to work. He pushed himself close to me to kiss me goodnight, he kissed me gently,

I did not resist, he then pulled himself even closer and kissed deeper this time. By now, I knew what he wanted. I simply told him I desperately needed another hour of sleep. I could not sleep but my eyes were semi-closed,

few minutes later, I felt something moving, his hand was exploring my body, he had moved the bed sheet off me. He started by very light caresses to see my reaction, I did not move, covered me again and soon he was masturbating,

when he was about to come, he knelt on the bed next to me next to my nape and spurted his thick semen on me. With a half-opened eye I witnessed the whole scene, his cock had become even bigger. Whilst he came, he sprayed his semen all over my breast,

nape and neck; I even received one thick drop on my lips. He then turned on his side and slept, with subtle movement of the tongue, I lick the semen. For the first time, I was having somebody else's (than my husband) sperm in my mouth.

I went to school for only half a day and during the whole time even I look at the boys in my class, I was imagining having sex with them. That day I told everything to Su. She was shocked and warned me to be careful as if anybody finds out,

this would cause havoc in the family. But by the question she kept asking me the whole day, I could sense that this event was causing something to Su as well. The wedding went on all right, no thing happened in between.

We could not find time but there was complicity between the boys and myself. Michael was already calling me by my name since the beginning but each time I was alone with Atish he no more calling me "Mamee" but "Josh".

Monday night, after a very festive dinner, Raj dropped in bed dead drunk. I joined the boys on the balcony. We were all tired, I was complaining of lower back and shoulder pain. The boys asked me to lie on my back to receive a massage. I complied.

Soon Atish was busy with my shoulders and Michael was giving me a foot massage. Atish was looking in my eyes when his fingers started opening the front buttons of my nightie. He said nothing just carried on undressing me till my navels from where Michael carried on.

Soon, I had four hands fondling me, I closed my eyes and enjoyed the ministrations. When I felt my legs being parted, I opened my eyes, Atish was already holding his cock facing my vagina and was about to penetrate me.

I put my hand over my pussy and told them in English "but I am your Mamee". Atish moved my hand and placed his finger over my lips. I knew it was now too late. He pushed himself in and looked at me, I was completely filled.

I smiled at him and he started his to-n-fro movement, he rammed me for about 25-30 mins. I was having so much pleasure that Michael who was biting/eating my breasts/nipples thought that it would wiser to put his cock in my mouth to stop my loud moaning.

When Atish finished, Michael turned me and started taking me doggie-style. He fucked me over 45 minutes before he came. When he finished, I rushed to bed next to Raj who was still snoring. I could believe what I had just done; I started sobbing but soon fell asleep.

The next morning, initially I could not face the boys; I was ashamed but soon after speaking to Su., I was reassured. She was surprisingly understanding. That night, pretexting of the heat on the ground floor, she asked my husband if she could sleep with me in my room.

I was taken aback, but my doubts were clearing. All this had thrilled Sunita. Everybody but only us were awake when Sunita knocked at the door. She was wearing a very decent nightgown as she entered, as she took off the gown,

I immediately recognized the nightie which I have seen only once, on her "shuhag raat". She had bottle of wine carefully wrapped in newspaper with her as well. When we got married Sunita had a gorgeous body with time she turned a little plump.

But I should admit that even now, she looked gorgeous. The nightie was now tighter and the neckline was so deep than you could say that she was topless. Her ample 38-size were more than ? out of it. She was quite obvious already tipsy.

She joined us in bed and started chatting. She was a different Sunita I knew, she was open and was telling us how relieved she was feeling today that her only child got married today. We chatted for about an hour during which the boys

who were already surprised by her behaviour, had numerous occasions to see her curves and her hairy pussy. Then of a sudden, she started asking if I had enjoyed my massage the night before. I froze and the boys looked at me in a state of shock too.

She had sensed that she had made uncomfortable. She then simply added that she had been longing to have this "treatment" since I "confided" to her. It was now clear that she also wanted to fuck. Without wasting much time,

she pulled off her nightie to reveal her nearly perfectly conserved body and asked the boys to do the same. She was bold unlike me. She turned to Atish and told him in a commanding him to give "Sunita Mamee" his cock.

To my shock, she asked me to place my lips of her pussy and taste her. I could not believe that all this was actually happening. While I was performing cunnilingus on her, Michael was taking her from behind and Su kept blowing Atish's cock. The rest of the night just happened.

The next morning, I saw Sunita as she coming from the prayer room. She was ready to attend to house chores and she looked at me and smiled. I simply could not believe she was the bitch who was on heat the night before.

I had to resume work but I did want to, especially because of that Maths class with the rowdiest bunch of boys in the school. Whilst coming of the shower, I got an idea. A wicked idea. I pulled a demi-bras out of the wardrobe and choose the Churidaar with the deepest neckline.

I walked in my class, put the dupatta on the table and started teaching. I was having an unusual attention and response from these monsters. I put a few exercise on the board and started going around to check if they any problem individually. I knew the minute,

I would bend over the table to see their copybook, they would a complete view of my mammaries especially the demi-cup was so tight that the upper half of my areoles were visible. Everybody was attentive; the boys followed my lesson attentively.

I had eventually found how to master them. The following week all homework was done and I am now their favourite teacher (though I would never go to the extent of fucking anyone of them). Reaching home that evening,

Sunita who was still on leave had already planned to take all the boys sight-seeing the folowing day. Dinnertime, she suggested that I should take a day off, I look at Raj, and he nodded. With all guest gone, we could only fuck in the morning when the husbands had left.














