Poker, Poke Her - a Slutty Anita Story
  by Delta Venus

Copyright 2009


Stan ripped the covers off the bed, revealing my sleeping wife
Anita in a flimsy pink pastel nightie and a pair of matching
panties. Paul and Steve each grabbed one of her arms, which
startled her awake. Stan then grasped the nightie at the bodice,
and tore it off in one quick ripping motion. Anita began to
struggle instinctively, still not quite aware of what was going
on, but Paul and Steve had a good hold of her and she wasn't
going anywhere. Stan grabbed her panties at the waistband, and
torn them from her, which required a little more doing than the
flimsy nightie had, but Stan was easily up to the task. Anita was
all the way awake now, and gasped at the violent removal of the
last thing she was wearing. Stan took advantage of her open
mouth, and stuffed the panties right in, effectively muffling her
screams. She looked frightened, but she was also responding to
the assault the way she usually responds to rough treatment, she
was getting excited.


My wife Anita is a slut. She loves rough sex and multiple
partners. I love my wife and her slutty ways, in fact I encourage
her to be as sexual as she wants to be - sometimes a little more
than she wants to be. Normally I would have set up a party for
all of us, and she would have been an awake and active
participant, but I have been taking it easy on my wife since our
second honeymoon trip, because she is very likely in a family
way. (see "Jamaica Baby") Anita hadn't caught on to my birth
control pill replacement scheme, so she had no idea why I was
being gentle, but she didn't mind the change of pace, and was
enjoying the break from our usual pattern of heavy hedonism. So
why was my quite probably pregnant wife the focus of a two AM
sexual assault and gang bang? Four tens beats a full house,
that's why.


I had gotten more than a little bored, since we weren't doing
anything majorly exciting. We still made love, but no major sex
parties, no rough stuff, no kinky games. I wasn't going to break
the boredom with Anita for the time being, so I resorted to more
conventional means. I shipped the kids off to visit their
grandmother for a weekend, and invited a group of my buddies over
for a marathon poker session. Beer, chips, cigars, the works. A
weekend of drinking and gambling would do just the trick to chase
the dulls away.


Stan was the first to arrive. He is a big, burly mechanic I've
known for a couple of years. He has dark hair, dark eyes, and is
hairy. Gorilla hairy. Woolly mammoth hairy. Either of those
comparisons fits with his build, which is quite thick. Anita had
gotten the door, and let him in. I could see he was eyeing her
thoroughly, but being at least a little polite about it and not
doing it when she could catch him at it. She seemed to be taking
him in as well, and had a mischievious glint in her eye. Too bad,
I thought. You won't get to see if the rest of him is as thick as
the parts you can see. Not tonight, anyways. She offered him a
beer, which he accepted, and they both sat down in the living
room, exchanging small talk, and flirting a little.


Paul rang the bell shortly thereafter. I let him in, so Anita
could keep chatting up Stan. Paul is an old chum from high
school. Italian all the way, just ask him and he'll let you know
it. He is on the smallish side, with uncharacteristicly blonde
hair, brown eyes, and the smooth olive complexion you'd expect
from someone hailing from the Med. He has had the opportunity to
play with Anita before, so he quickly joined Stan, after getting
himself a beer from the fridge, and went right to work trying to
be a better flirt than Stan. He was, too.


Rod and Steve showed up together, I don't know if they carpooled,
or if it was just a coincidence. Again I played doorman, I didn't
want to break up the flirt fest in the living room, at least
until it was time to play poker. We could have started right
then, but I decided we should wait for Joe, that way Anita could
have a little fun before playing hostess to us otherwise boring
men. Rod is beefy, not quite in Stan's class, but still a big
man. Very Black. He wears a tight afro, almost a crew cut, but
still curly. He works construction, although he looks like he
could step into the ring and be a light-heavyweight contender,
and his very large hands are always rough, like coarse grain
sandpaper, you'd swear he takes off a couple layers of skin when
he shakes your hand. Steve is the guy next door. Newscaster good
looks, killer smile. Otherwise he is pretty average. Average
height, average weight, if you didn't see his face, or catch his
pearly whites, you'd never remember him is how average. Both guys
seemed quite interested in joining the living room fun with
Anita, even if it was just small talk and going nowhere, so I
grabbed them both beers and let them have at it.


Joe is always late, and tonight was no exception. The other guys
didn't mind a bit, it let them pay attention to my wife. They
were paying attention with a passion, too. Too bad I didn't want
Anita doing her usual thing, we had a really good start to a
passionate fuck fest, the ice was well broken, and I'm sure the
guys would have jumped at the chance to see my slutty wife act
like a whore. She kept looking at me as if to say, why don't you
get this party started, I'll do them all for you, and they'll
love it, too. Tonight was for gambling, though, not for screwing.
At least that is what I kept telling myself over and over.


Finally Joe rang the bell. He is quite a character, making up for
his looks with a wonderful, funny, outgoing personality. He has a
lot to make up for, too. He is, to put it mildly, fucking ugly. No
one part of his body looks out of place, but put together it just
doesn't look right, as if there were parts missing, or
replacement pieces that weren't quite the equivalent of the
originals. His face looked like miles of bad road, and that was
before it had gotten worked over. His nose has been broken more
than a few times, and one of his eyes looks like it is set a
little lower, the cheekbone on that side smashed a little flatter
than the other. Now that the gang was all here, we could start
the game. The guys seemed a little reluctant to leave my wife and
gather round the table, but they did gather round, slowly but
surely. Anita made sure everyone had a fresh beer, and we began
to play cards. Anita played hostess for us as we gambled, until
it was quite late, when she finally begged off, yawning, and went
to bed.


My friends and I play a mean game of poker. No limit. The only
hard and fast rule is that there is no credit, whatever you bet
has to go in the pot right then and there, cash only. When the
hand is done, the winner takes the spoils on the spot, no muss,
no fuss. Mostly we don't get carried away, so nobody really gets
stung, and since we know the rule, we tend not to bring too much
money with us when we play, which keeps us from getting crazy
with gambling fever in the heat of the moment.


My luck was bad, and I kept chasing after it anyways. I was down
big. This hand was going to turn things around for me. I had
drawn two cards, holding triplet deuces. I drew two queens. A
full house! Surely this would get me back on track. Unfortunately
I didn't have enough money to stay in the pot, Stan and Paul were
raising and re-raising each other like madmen. I think it was
Paul's suggestion, but it might just have been my own idea.
Whoever suggested it, the idea was a chit good for a night with
Anita. A cash value of one thousand dollars was argued about and
settled on. I threw the chit in the pot, and this time it was
Stan who didn't have enough to stay. He quickly borrowed money
from each of the other players, against a piece of the chit. I
would have argued that the chit remain the sole property of one
man, but I had a sure thing! Sure. Stan got enough money up, and
called the pot. Paul also called.


Four of a kind beats a full house, every time. Stan had four
tens. Shit! Paul had three aces, which I had beat, but so did
Stan. Stan raked the pile in with a shit eating grin. He waved
the chit in the air.


"Well, boys, rules are rules, lets go collect our prize winnings
right now!"


"Come on Stan, that chit was supposed to be for just the winner,"
I whined. "Besides it is for a night with Anita, it is two in the
morning, you can collect some other evening."


"I didn't hear you complain when I was chasing down the loans to
call the pot, my man. You know the rules, too. All winnings are
collected at the end of the hand, no exceptions! I'm getting a
piece of your wife right now, and I owe everyone here a crack at
her, too."


I was about to complain some more, and try to talk him out of it,
but one look at his face and I knew it was useless. The rest of
the gang looked just as eager as he did, but didn't have the
determined face of stone he was sporting. They marched towards
the bedroom, Stan leading the way, and I followed along like a
lost puppy. Anita looked so peaceful, sleeping away unaware she
was about to have another one of our adventurous episodes.


Now she struggled, naked, trying to get out of the tight grasps
of Paul and Steve, while Stan stood looking at the hot body he
had just revealed to everyone by tearing her clothes off.


"Damn, your wife looks fine! Doesn't she look good enough to eat,
boys?"


Stan unzipped his pants, and pulled out a massive piece of meat,
easily the biggest cock I've ever seen. Anita's eyes got wide
when she saw it, and she glanced up at me with trepidation,
begging with her eyes to be let out of this situation. I did the
only thing I could under the circumstances, I grabbed our camera
and started filming.


Stan hocked up a huge gob of spit, and smeared it all over his
hard pole until it glistened. Then he drooled another massive
amount of saliva right onto Anita's pussy, coating the lips
completely. Without any further preparations or any kind of
foreplay, he rubbed the massive head of his cock between her
lips, getting everything lined up, and stuffed that meat missle
right up inside, splitting her wide open. She spread her legs
wide, taking the solid thrust into her as best she could. We all
heard her grunt as Stan's cock stabbed into her, even with the
panties stuffed in her mouth. If he hadn't coated his prick so
completely, I think he might have done serious damage, because
that cock of his wasn't going to be stopped.


Anita's face was going through an emotional slideshow,
conflicting feelings flashing across her visage in rapid
succession. Astonishment, bewilderment, fear, confusion, and
lust. Yes, lust. Anita has always liked things rough, and this
unorthodox wake-up call was pushing her buttons. She glanced at
me again, looking right into the camera, her eyes accusing me of
setting up this late night attack, and thanking me for it at the
same time. The conflict was real, she wasn't entirely sure that
this adventure was to her liking, but elements of it were just
too primal for her not to respond. She was an object of lust,
attractive to many men, causing them to behave in primitive ways,
and that was very exciting. She was also being attacked after
being woken up out of a sound sleep, treated roughly by men she
barely knew, who might not stay within reasonable boundaries, men
capable of just about anything under the influence of their lust.
The conflict in her face was obvious, but it was also just as
obvious that it didn't matter, she had no control over events, if
she decided these guys were taking things too far, there was
nothing she could do at this point to change it.


Stan gave her a moment to get used to his huge dick - after he
had slammed it home.


"God Damn! That is the tightest pussy I've ever been in. I don't
think I've ever had a better night of winnings from the poker
table!"


He started plowing that thick piece of meat in and out of Anita's
now well stretched hole, and I was glad to see that she was
responding to the massive intruder with a lot of flowing juices.
As much as I love seeing my wife take a serious dicking, I didn't
want to see her torn up. She quit struggling, too. Obviously she
was yielding to the inevitable, and having figured out that she
was in for a serious banging, she was getting into it as best she
could - which was pretty darn well. My wife loves a good rough
fucking, especially by more than a one partner, and  while she
might still be nervous because she had nothing to say about the
setup or the situation, she was responding in fashion with her
nature. She is a slut, and getting fucked is exactly what a slut
wants.


I was so focused on getting good footage of Stan's monster cock
plowing my wife that I hadn't noticed Rod and Joe disappear. I
did notice when they returned, though, carrying a tub of
vaseline, and my wife's lipstick and mascara. Things were going
to get interesting. The vaseline was put aside for the moment,
but the lipstick and mascara got put right into action. Joe
uncapped the lipstick, and began to write on my wife's forehead.
"Cumslut". Stan started to laugh, and egged Joe on.


"That's the ticket! How about down here? Try 'fuck hole'!"

He pulled out and held my wife's legs wide apart while Joe wrote
the phrase with the hot red lipstick just above her gaping pussy
- "Fuck Hole". Rod was using the mascara to write some nasty
things on her tits, "Whore Wife", "Nasty Slut", "Fuck Doll" and
some pictures of spurting cocks now covered my wife's front.
Everyone was laughing and reading them out loud, commenting on
how true. My wife turned red with embarrassment and shame at this
treatment, but her nipples were jutting out from very engorged
areola, and her still wide open pussy was running with juices.
Stan grabbed the lipstick, and wrote on her thigh "Insert Dicks
Here" with an arrow pointing right at her dripping snatch.


"Don't mind if I do!"


He stabbed his massive cock back into my now very embarrassed
wife, and resumed pumping for all he was worth. The other guys
started taking their clothes off, making very crude comments
about Anita, what a slutty whore she was, but fucking hot for
being such a slut. They began to grab her roughly, pinching her
nipples and thighs, slapping her face, all the while still
talking shit. This was way more than I had expected from the
guys, but I still didn't think there was a damn thing I could do
about it, I just had to watch them use my wife like a ten dollar
whore, and hope things didn't get too much further out of hand.
Stan pulled out and shot a massive load of cum all over Anita's
tits, smearing the nasty words some. He shot so hard, some of his
cum managed to splatter her face, one big drop landing right on
the panties stuffed in her mouth.


Anita was no longer struggling, but two of the group kept tight
hold of her arms anyways. They took turns fucking her in her very
wide open pussy, and shooting sperm all over her, deliberately
aiming to coat her face, the panties in her mouth, her thighs,
her tits. It wasn't quite a bukkake session, but it wasn't far
from it. Finally they flipped her over, wrote "Rear Entry - Make
Deposits Here" on her ass cheeks, with the appropriate arrows
pointing, globbed a huge dollop of the vaseline on her pucker,
and started chain fucking her ass one after the other.


This didn't last too long, as the guys were running out of steam.
Stan was the last one in her ass, and he had all the other guys
get ready by jerking along with him. He pulled out, and spreading
Anita's cheeks wide, showed us all her gaping anus, wide open
from the thorough reaming his massive dick had just been
delivering. Then he shot load after load right into her, not that
he could miss an opening like that. All the other guys took aim,
and added to the creamy mess bubbling into her bored out
bunghole. There were streams across her cheeks, and some of it
ran down her pussy crack to join her juices, but most of it
filled her anal aperature. She looked like a tapioca pudding cup,
a round bowl of steamy cream filling. Stan must have thought so,
too.


"A late night snack for ya! Har, har!"


The boys were obviously a little embarrassed by how out of hand
they had gotten, except Stan, who just kept chuckling to himself.
They all got dressed, and mumbled platitudes and mild apologies,
as well as lamely joking about how they'd like to do this again
real soon. They quickly departed, Stan being the last one out the
door.


"Hell of a poker game! And Poke Her we did, eh?" He laughed his
way out the door.


"Are you all right?" I asked Anita, as I slid my raging cock into
that bubbly pudding cup that was her anus. I just couldn't help
myself, it looked too fucking obscene not to. Anita looked
terrible. The awful things written in black and red on her body
were mostly smeared with sweat and cum, but still readable. She
had obvious bruises on her thighs, and her nipples looked raw,
like they'd been buffed with coarse sandpaper or emery boards.
She had finger marks on her breasts and shoulders, and the
panties stuffed in her mouth were soaked. The panties! I pulled
the slimy mess out of her mouth as soon as I realized they were
still there.


"Damn! I can barely feel you, I'm stretched so wide, and so full
of cum! Fuck my slutty ass! God, I don't think my holes will ever
be the same. I've always had a fantasy about getting gang raped,
and that was about as close as I ever want to come. That was
fucking wild! Did you set this up? What made the guys so crazy?"


"I didn't mean to set it up, I fucked up at the poker table and
made a bad decision to bet your sweet ass, and I lost. I don't
know what got into them, they wanted to collect the winnings, and
boy did they! You look like shit, honey. Sexy, slutty, shit."


I pulled out of her frothy asshole, and shot a rather pathetic
load on her pussy, at least compared to the copious amounts
already coating both her holes. It felt like a gallon to me, I
was so horned up from what I'd seen, but it didn't visibly add to
mess, just sort of vanished amongst it. We both fell asleep amid
the ruin of our bedclothes. In the morning, Anita soaked in a tub
for an hour or so, then emerged freshly scrubbed, her wonderfully
adaptive holes mostly having returned to their former shape. The
bruises seemed to be fading, and she was really no worse for the
wear. Amazing. We slow fucked for hours, taking it easy but
really getting off, watching the video I had taken last night
over and over again. Seeing her take Stan's massive cock was
almost magical.


I may have lost the poker hand, but with my prize still by my
side, and in possession of the hottest sex tape I've ever seen, I
think I won at Poke Her.


           &#9650;&#9792;

http://deltavenus.bestdamnpornblogs.com/
