Hi
This is the story of Mamta..On your comments I will post Next episodes.....
Let me introduce my family me, my elder sister Komal, my mom and dad. Dad comes home once in a year as he work abroad and once mom goes to him for a month. The event I am going to share is when I was in 1st year of college.
I am from a conservative family (from the eyes of an outsider this is what I believe) normally we three are at home me, sis and mom. 
Once it so happened that mom and sister had to go for wedding of my cousin sister (mom's brother's daughter) and I cannot go for 20 long days as I had my exams in between and this was my 1st year of college. I spoke to my best college friend Fiona for this problem in the class. Same evening she called me and said she is coming to my home and will stay over. This was not the 1st time she was staying at my home. After dinner the topic came of wedding, mom and Komal going and I had to stay back. The only option left was that I stay alone at home or shift to Fiona's home which I had not done so far. Ultimately mom agreed that I can go and stay with her family instead I stay alone or Fiona comes and stay in between at our place. 
Before mom and Komal left I shifted to Fiona's place. They have a big house3bed rooms and a hall in addition to kitchen and a balcony. In their family Fiona has 2 elder sister and 1 younger brother who was in 8th STD (She lost her father when she was 11 years). I was placed in FIONA's room. Earlier her elder sister was sharing her room. The new combination was her mom and brother in one master bed room. Her eldest sister was earlier occupying one bed room (with attached bathroom) and the last one which was without attached bathroom was allotted to me and Fiona. Fiona and my stats (Fig) is almost same, except she is little tall in height and I have little long hair. She has boy cut hair. 
After two days we had our exams and would continue for 5 days. Post exam I had to stay with Fiona for about 11 days. 
Our exams went well that day we went for a movie 6 to 9 and dinner out with Fiona's both elder sister.It was great fun. We returned around 11.30 in the night. We were tired but were not feeling sleepy. Fiona's elder sister was sitting in our room so I picked up my pajama and went to common bathroom to change. When I returned Bobby (Fiona's elder sister) asked me bluntly Mamta why you go to bathroom to change when only females are in the room. I was stunned. I did not such question from her. Fiona interrupted "Bobby she is brought up like that only ....not like us. I got one more shock could not understand the meaning what Fiona said. Fiona looking at me understood my confusion ...just smiled looking at me. Bobby any plans to stay back in this room for some time. I need to talk on the upcoming event of out college. Bobby consented. To my surprise Fiona took off her t-shirt and bra and wore short nighty and then pulled off her jeans. This she did for the 1st time before me but Bobby was normaland we both were looking at Fiona.

Fiona came and took a seat next to me and we started talking on collage festival where we planned to present a dance item.
We got up late we were tension free exam over went out to the hall could not see any one. Just then Bobby came out and told me the Jenny (eldest sister) is in her room, Mom and Sean has gone to church she is going out and Fiona is still sleeping. I went to common bathroom to brush my teeth and went to kitchen for tea. Tea was not there so I thought I must ask Jenny if she would like to have with me. The door was ajar without knocking I entered. I got shock of my life Jenny was top less applied something on face and was shaping her nails. She saw me ..come in Mamta.. She has a great body sitting on bed just wrapping towel on her waist may be nothing underneath. 
Hi Jenny, like to have tea I am preparing for me
Sure, bring it here- Jenny replied
I left and came in about 10 minute with tea Jenny was now busy with her legs. After we had tea she asked me if I can help her with applying some cream on her back. I smiled, Sure Jenny.While applying I asked what is it for ... She said she normally she always ware back less and shoulder strips so to keep the same tone of skin. She was working as PA to Director in a reputed company. She was spending at least 4 hours on Sunday for herself.
While I was doing this her mom and brother came. I fumbled a bit but Jenny was unmoved even in her topless condition with just towel on body. Sean came near her and shown her the things he bought for his school project. Even her mom was normal. I was surprised is this normal and real? But I did not express anything. At this time Fiona entered the room. Except Bobby every member of the house was in the room Jenny was almost nude Fiona was in her night dress from which most of her assets were visible her mom and brother in normal out fit and me the most covered of Jenny Fiona and me.
Afternoon common bathroom was to be repaired for leakage and the Master bedroom bathroom could not be used after till next day afternoon. Evening was cool nothing notable. 
Post dinner when I and Fiona were alone Fiona took out the topic of Jenny's room. She said her father was very open mindedand nudist. So from childhood there was no reservation of body exposure to others. It so happened once that Fiona's uncle and aunty had come and in theirpresence her mom changed her cloths. Later when Fiona asked her mom she replied that even when her hubby and his bro were staying together at least oncein a month they were staying nude whole day full family and no visitors were allowed else they use to spent the day at farm.This all was very unusual to me. 
Next day I got one more shock. Two bathrooms were unavailable. Only Jenny's bathroom was functional. I got up and went to Jenny's room to brush my teeth. Bathroom door was not locked. I pushed the door. What I witnessed was unusual Sean was sitting on toilet seat and Jenny was taking bath. Being the old construction building they had very big bathrooms, as I entered Jenny looked at me and smiled. I said I will come later. She told not to worry and use the bathroom. By this event I became little bold and understood nudity by itself is not a problem.
That day night Sean came to Fiona and asked if he can sleep with her. Fiona told him this would upset the arrangements' of the house then Bobby has to shift with Mom and I have to shift to Jenny and that was Friday. I and Fiona had gone for shopping that day and bought some tops and pants for Fiona and Bobby. Jenny always purchases herself. We took all stuff to Jenny's room to show her where Jenny, Bobby and her Mom were sitting. Sean had gone to his friend's place. Jenny asked Fiona to put on the top and show. She pulled out her tee shirt and put on the top. It was a short top. Jenny remarked that with bra she was wearing that wasn't looking nice Fiona removed bra and put on again. She asked to put on new skirt. She pulled off her pant and put on a low waist skirt and her pentie edge was visible. Jenny ordered to take off panty. And put on thong. Now she was happy. Then she turned to me. I was in my salwar and kameez. Fiona gave me tee shirt Skirt and asked me to put on I was confused what to... I pulled out my kameez keeping bra on put on the top. Jenny asked me to remove bra. I removed my bra and put on again. This was the 1st time I changed in front of someone. Jenny commented that I have nice assets why am I not exhibiting them. I felt shy. Then Fiona gave me skirt I pulled off salwar just then jenny stopped me .... "wait Mamta come here". I was in Tee shirt and panty. She asked me a blunt question "You Don't shave?" I said No. At times I just trim. Every one in the room started laughing. Jenny told Fiona to guide me how to take care of the body and make it more presentable from head to toe. Fiona Smiled and said yes. 
That night any way Sean was sleeping with Fiona and I had to shift to Jenny's room. I went to her room around 11. Jenny asks me shell we go to sleep. I said no issues. Should I put off the light? Jenny looked upset -Mamta don't u take a shower before you go to sleep. I said not always. She insisted that I must have and she will also take as normal. She stood up dropped her pajama and shirt - She did not wear anything under it. She had a gorgeous attractive body everything in proper shape fully maintained. She told me "what are you waiting for come". I had no choice but to join her as I took off my cloths she was watching me and smiling at me. Looking at my pubic hairs she offered "Should I help you Mamta?" I did not know what to reply I just nodded yes. She pulled me back on bed and ask me to sit. She took out her personal kit a dry shaving razor put a plastic below my hips and shaved me clean then applied some lotion. While doing this she asked me a shocking question " Mamta are you virgin?" I said "YES why you ask that?" She smiled and said come will have shower. During shower I asked her Jenny are you virgin? She smiled again and said none of them are. This was again a big shock to me. I did not discuss anything. I was just wondering Fiona has never told me any such thing. I was about to take my pajama I saw Jenny went to bed nude. I also thought even I should also go to bed nude. Suddenly Jenny asked me "Mamta can I see your mobile?" I said wait I will get it is in other room. I could see her smiling did not understand anything and started walking to the next room. Door was not locked I pushed the door. Night lamp was on Air-conditioner was also on without putting on tube light I went to side table where I kept my cell phone what I saw was unbelievable. Fiona and Sean both was sleeping nude hugging each other. I got shattered. I went back and gave my cell phone to Jenny. Jenny kept it a side and asked me why I look upset. I said nothing. She smiled and said I know you are disturbed as you saw Sean and Fiona to gather. I said yes. She argued " Tell me Mamta what is wrong in it they were just sleeping together but what if they have sex also. Genetically they should not produce children's. I was just stand still." She holds my hand and took me to bed. Hugged me and said shell we go to sleep darling? 
I was really disturbed. Jenny kissed me on my forehead and started moving her fingers in my hairs. I cooled off a little then the way Jenny hugged me I felt emotionally secured and went to deep sleep. Next day morning I was really fresh ever then before and woke up smiling. That day being Saturday only Bobby and Sean had to go. Jenny Fiona and I were at home. Mom had to go to a meet some relative. Jenny proposed to see a movie. I and Fiona agreed. She asked me a choice. I said I am ok with any except horror films. Jenney asked if I am okay with Historical or love films.Without thinking much I said yes and I saw Jenny and Fiona smiling a little. Jenny leaded the CD and said the film is of Roman culture and about the king after Julius Caesar known as Caligula Caesar made in 1979. Movie started. I was speech less. In the beginning Caligula was shown with his sister making love. In the middle of the movie Fiona got us the drink. The taste was not normal. I asked what it is. She said wine. I said I don't drink. Jenny said this is not drink, have. Fiona told this is one of the most expensive XX movie ever produced. This was my 1st time to see XX movie. Once again a blunt question came from Jenny "Have you seen XXX film?" I said No. She said wait I have one old western movie. That movie has everything normal sex, rape, mouth fuck,anal and what not.
Jenny put her hand on my breast and asked "Are you wet?" I did not say anything. Fiona said yes Jenny I am. Jenny said she also is. Jenny got up opened her closet and took out something like man's organ. Mamta this is Dildo. We use it when needed. I looked at Fiona I had no words to say. Jenny inserted inside her pussy in front of me and Fiona started kissing her pussy and pressing her boobs with hand.