Working for a government agency Peter Hopkins experienced periods of monotony mixed with those of high excitement. His last job was working on social control which meant looking into mind control.

This had spin offs in many different areas but of course nothing worked particularly well. He was part of a large team looking into every aspect of this, as indeed others had done for over sixty years with only modest success.

Hypnosis without the aid of a cocktail of drugs simply didn't work and frankly the drugs usually meant patients were bordering on the psychotic by the time they had been programmed.

There were other methods, sensory deprivation and auto suggestion were two but again the results were at best variable and the subject often damaged after the treatment. Of course those who were in the first place willing participants and had a personality susceptible to hypnosis could be made to think or act under instruction to a certain degree but even that was limited.

So he'd spent the past two years looking into drugs that would make someone open to suggestion and assist in the process of mind control. Of course ideally the drug would allow them to completely re-programme an individual but that was still little more than a dream without again causing untold damage to the individual.

The agency `acquired' a good deal of unauthorised data but even this was unpromising but Peter never the less spent a lot of time looking at reams of research documents searching for anything that might prove promising. It was during one of these sifting exercises he came across a failed anaesthetic trial; the compound had regrettably been unable to completely block the neural pathways leaving the patient awake and while mostly desensitised not completely stimulus free. What it did mention, in passing however was the patients increased susceptibility to direct commands.

Peter was sufficiently encouraged to push further with this but the main research documents were inaccessible so it was impossible to begin to replicate the drug. After a few weeks chasing dead ends he'd file it along with a dozen others in the `possible but' folder.

It was almost seven months later when Courtney Spinks applied for a job at one of their research labs. Her name was flagged to him as having previous involvement in a project of interest and when he checked up it turned out to be the failed anaesthetic.

He requested she be interviewed and sat in to listen asking a coupe of indirect questions regarding her time with her current employers just to confirm she'd had involvement with those trials. After the interview he confirmed with the board that the woman was a competent chemist then requested she be offered a position.

Five months later she and the team she was working with had replicated the drug. They had all been told that it was an attempt to develop it for battlefield applications; helping to reduce pain but keep the soldier conscious so able to assist with their own evac.
Courtney explained that by altering the combinations of some of the reagents the side effects of the drug could be lessened so there was less susceptibility to external suggestions although the effects of pain suppression was also diminished somewhat. Peter agreed they should explore this but added that they should also produce one that with greater pain suppression to compare. It would be interesting if nothing else.

The first tests were very interesting although animal tests were not going to show him what he really wanted although the team were not to know that. The first human trials were reasonable but he needed much more if it was to be of any real use and he needed it to be a secret as possible.

Courtney was a small rotund woman, early thirties, single and a workaholic. Her greatest attributes as far as Peter was concerned was her fierce desire to show she was better than the rest of her team and her complete lack of understanding of what such drugs might actually be used for.

He approached her to ask if she would like to do some individual research on the drug herself which of course she jumped at. She was then directed to produce two versions, one that would maximise the susceptibility with another that would completely disable the patient but keep them conscious.

Explaining that they could be used to either compel injured servicemen to attempt to get back to safety ,despite their wounds, or assist with those too injured to move. She was happy to work on these, without even thinking how illogical his explanations were, simply to prove her worth.

There were two versions of the drug he really needed, both appeared during the first trials to offer some hope but it was the human trial, conducted in private, that showed that there was little difference between them. Peter was excited by just how amenable those taking the drug were, in fact there seemed to be complete control over the subjects.

The next trial was his alone. He had four patients who he questioned then asked to complete some varied tasks. After this they were given the drugs two taking each one. Patients taking the first appeared unaffected except they would do what they were asked without question, the second group had a little less motor co-ordination and while not completely uncontrolled looked like they'd had a few drinks.

He got them to repeat the tests with some changes thrown in then they completed another written test. Once they'd rested for thirty six hours they returning to be given another set of repeat tests plus a debrief.

The second group were much poorer at all the tests after they'd had the drug and when he debriefed them he discovered they had no recollection of them. Also it appeared the suggestions he'd made had been retained in their subconscious so when he'd suggested to one of the subjects (a coffee lover) that he hated coffee despite the drug having cleared his body he was less keen on coffee without knowing why. 

The first group of course remembered what had gone on but their response to direction had been much stronger and without question while the second had complied but with some slight coercion.

The prospect that between these drugs he could devise a programme that might finally give the agency long term mind control over subjects was exciting however no sooner had these uses been identified, than he had another idea. What if he could simply use them himself? The fact that they offered him control over anyone they were administered to was too good to ignore. The more he considered this the more it appeared to offer him far greater rewards than he could ever enjoy working for the agency. Firstly he had to find out how long the drug would last for once distilled and then how easy it was to stockpile. Courtney happily pointed out that the drug could be produced by her in the lab easily enough and a powder form might be manufactured but she'd have to make further enquiries.

Peter understood Courtney to be the weak link in this so decoded to do something about her and the whole project. His first task was to dismiss the results of the initial trials as poor then his own work with Courtney as almost dangerous. He lied about the effects the drug had on the test subjects and even filed a report suggesting that Courtney had been reckless in suggesting she could make the 'dangerous' drug work.

He then asked her to produce another batch of the two liquids. What he needed to do was administer it to the woman, then cover his tracks. As it turned out this was easy the drug could be administered orally. The woman sat in his office sipping a glass of wine discussing how the project would go forward then she seemed to slow before sitting vacantly before him.

"Courtney, you need to make a lot of the two versions of the drug. You want to spend all your working day making it in fact long days would be best but don't tell anyone but me." He paused not sure if she'd even understood. "Tell me if that's clear."

"Yes that's clear."

"You now know the experiments were a failure and the drug useless."

"Where they?" She asked.

"Yes they were a failure." You will admit that it was your idea to continue the research and you were wrong to do so."

"I thought it was you..."

"It was your idea!"

"My idea."

"You will make lots of the drug and keep it hidden and safe then give it to me at the end of each day when no one else is about." This was a stretch but he hoped it might work.

"I will make it and..." She looked confused.

"You will make it and give it to me in secret. Now go home and rest."

She got up and wobbled to the door. He hoped she wouldn't get into any trouble on the way home.

Courtney was in very early the next day and already working. Tentatively Peter chatted to her about the drug.

"I'm really sorry it doesn't work." She said regretfully. "My fault."

"No problem. Carry on." She was still there at seven and he had to get her to leave. He sensed the effects were not quite as complete as he wanted when she began to question him the following evening on why he was stockpiling the drugs.

In two days she'd made a large amount of the chemical, sixty doses of each but he wanted more before he initiated a permanent solution on the woman. He dosed her the next morning with the first drug then simply ordered her to work until ten that night making the drugs which she did. Now with over one hundred of each he was ready.

He knew the first drug gave absolute control although of course she'd remember what he'd said after and she wouldn't retain any compulsion to comply once it was clear of her system.

He paused looking at her blank expression. "Take a vial of this drug and go home. Wait until midnight, take it then give me a call on my mobile."

She nodded and left for home. He filed his reports and another stating he was concerned for the new girl's wellbeing then took himself home with the last of the vials.

She phoned on time.

"Courtney you have been doing nothing the past few days except taking heroin."

"I have?"

"You have. You've been high at work and at home. You love heroin and secretly always want to become an addict." He paused. "Tomorrow you will go to the East side and find a dealer. You will buy a supply for the week, shoot up then come to work. Do you understand?"

"Yes"

"Remember this is something you've been doing for months. From now on you will shoot up every morning and every night because you love it."

"I love it."

He rang off and crossed his fingers.

The next day Courtney was at work trying to distil the drug but clearly well out of it, Peter was surprised she'd got passed security. He gave her another dose which he hoped wouldn't kill her there and then before ordering her to never make the drug again and to dismantle the equipment. She was still high but was able to do this until mid afternoon when she was back to normal. Peter let her go early hoping she would make it home which seemingly she did because she was back the next day only this time she'd been detained by security.

She was clearly out of it so Peter left it to the lab chief, her actual boss, to speak with her while he sat nervously hoping she would do as she'd been programmed. It was better than he'd hoped. She apologised again for the failure of the experiments told both of them she loved taking heroin and that she was happily an addict. She was dismissed on the spot and in an act of kindness Peter took her home. He gave her the drug again that afternoon then instructed her to remove all her savings and move to the West coast, reminded her she loved heroin and suggested she spend the rest of her life getting high. He then returned to work. An agent visited her that night but reported she was high so left her alone. They returned the next day to find her gone. It took three weeks to find her body in a squat; dead from an overdose.

Peter waited for another five months before resigning. He'd been spreading rumours of his dissatisfaction for some time and when he left it wasn't such a surprise. He moved to England taking early retirement, he was forty five and had a few savings but that was going to change very soon.

The first victim came after four months when he was pretty sure anyone sent to watch him would have left convinced he was leading a simple, rural life. The man was wealthy and divorced. He was a bit of a difficult character but Peter had been able to get to know him via a local golf club. After the first dose Peter became the man's new best friend and after a second his beneficiary. The man even began to pay Peter as a consultant; a huge monthly fee although he didn't do anything.

Then Peter met his daughter, she was twenty two, married and very attractive. Unfortunately she had her father's abrasive personality and disliked Peter when they first met but a dose of the drug changed that and he took her to bed that afternoon. He was pleased that she responded to the drug so that so when he suggested she desired him more than any man she'd ever seen it seemed to stay with her. He gave her the other drug a day or two later and without realising she was under its influence she agreed to give him oral sex in front of her own father whom he'd also drugged to approve of the act.

Of course Peter was aware that his supply was finite so he left it at that benefitting from the woman's still altered perception of him. While her infatuation hadn't lasted she was still a willing sex partner and revelled in flaunting her adultery in front of her father who seemed not to mind. Peter travelled to London to obtain some cocaine which he did without too many problems finding a guy who had a small supply. He wasn't much of a user but wanted to party with the woman and a few of her stuck up friends. The guy who sold it to him was wary but knew a good client when he saw one. The next evening Peter entertained the woman and two of her friends who he also drugged so they'd take the cocaine and want to have sex with him and each other. It was a fantastic evening that he repeated a few times.

Life was good for Peter for the next year. He had sex with the young mother as often as he wanted and having drugged her five or six times found she was now willingly his. Her father was also happy to not only tolerate his daughter's affair he was delighted she was seeing Peter who was his best friend and a man he wanted to give everything to. Unfortunately Peter's good life was cut short by a heart attack. He was left with a badly damaged heart and little need for the drugs he'd kept so carefully. He knew he had only a short time left and decided he'd let someone else have fun with the drugs. The only other person he felt that would have lots of fun from it was the drug pusher he'd met in London so despite his need to rest, he travelled to see him and after explaining in detail what the drugs did and their relative merits he went home.

Pace was sceptical of the claim Peter made but decided to try it out on his current girlfriend and after giving her the first drug and waiting an hour he was amazed when he told her to strip and play with herself she did without a pause. He then told her she had to suck him which she did as well. After getting her to fuck herself with a candle standing naked at the window for over five minutes he believed it was true. So now what to do? He decided to find out just how far he could make the girl go. They weren't close and he felt very little for her so when he told her to dress in a short dress and go across the road and fuck a tramp in the doorway he was staggered that she did.

He remembered what Peter had said about her remembering what want on and what was said so he got her to shower then sent her back to her own home to await the fallout. The next day the woman stormed in demanding to know why he'd suggested she do such awful things and worse why she'd done them. Pace said he was surprised himself which was why he'd made the joke about the tramp and was disgusted she'd done it. They continued their row until he gave her the other drug and then told her she was a slut and liked to sleep around and she didn't want to see him again. He then sent her off to get as much sex as she could that day.

He had no idea what she got up to and his only contact was a phone message saying she didn't want to see him again. Convinced the drugs offered everything Peter had suggested the young black man sat and thought of all the fun he could get up to and as he did so sicker and sicker thoughts filled his head. That night he went to a bar where a very attractive girl worked and he spiked a drink giving it to her only of course there were many other there and she simply tended to the demands of her bar work better than before doing everything that was asked of her which included agreeing to meet a guy after work when he asked her.

Pace new better than to try to interfere so he gave up on the girl and went instead to another bar but realised in time that he have the same problem so he needed to get smarter. He gave up for the night but the next day he went around looking for someone to use and that's when he met Tabby. She was older than he'd looked at before being twenty seven but she was very attractive. She was in a food store doing some grocery shopping when he saw her and was desperate to make her his.

The difficulty would be administering the drug so he stalked her following her home. She lived in a nice house in a good part of the city and he felt out of place walking slowly past. There seemed nothing he could do until he realised all he had to be was bold. He didn't have much money which was why he occasionally sold drugs but that didn't actually pay that much, his cut was small and he was risking a lot by doing it.

Never the less he spent the last of his money on new trousers and shirt. He also bought a clip board, a box and a few plastic spoons. He returned to her house and walked around the back to the kitchen door. Knocking he waited hoping this would go the easy way. The woman opened the door with confidence. She didn't fear the man; he looked smart and besides the nanny was also at home. He introduced himself offering a piece of paper that indicated he was conducting a taste test then he opened the box and produced three small bowls of yogurt which he said were different.

To show they were ok he took a spoon and ate one that she pointed to then offered another to the woman who took a small taste. The nanny appeared, a young girl of around eighteen and he offered her a bowl as well. The two women then shared the two bowls as he pretended to take notes. Then he offered them a small drink each again to taste which they both consumed and he couldn't suppress a grin. He made small talk watching as they slowly became slower and acted a little woozy then when they fell silent he suggested he should be asked in which the woman did.

"Ok what's you name?" he asked the woman.

"Beth."

"Crystal."

They both replied. He took a deep breath knowing he was either about to change his life or be arrested.

"You find me very attractive Beth."

"Err..."

You find me very attractive Beth." He repeated.

"I do." She agreed.

"You find me very attractive Crystal."

"Yes... yes I do."

He heard a noise from somewhere in the large house.

"Crystal you will go and attend the children. You will desire me but know you must not approach me unless I ask you."

"Yes." She said and after a hesitation she lurched off.

"Beth you want to have sex with me."

"Yes let's have sex." She said. Still standing passively.

"You want me to make love to you and when I do you will have the best sex of your life. After today you will only want sex with me. Take me to your bedroom and seduce me."

The woman looked at him for a second then took his hand and led him out of the room into the hall then up to the master bedroom on the third floor. She kissed him slowly as she began to undress him.

"You love my black body don't you!"

"Do I." She said confused as she continued to remove his clothes.

"Yes. You love sucking my cock but most of all you really get off when I'm riding you."

She murmured something then went on her knees and sucked on his cock her eyes close making enthusiastic noises. He loved this it was more than a dream come true, he was in heaven! Pace looked down to see her staring back at him adoration in her eyes.

"You want me inside you." He said and on cue she stood and began to tear off her dress.

"Make love to me. Please ride me." He laughed as she stumbled in mid sentence, she didn't even know his name.

"OK Beth but you when we make love you will have a massive climax and that will make you aware that I'm your lover from now on."

"Yesss." She growled as she pulled him onto her. They made love energetically the woman climaxing several times, she was almost beside herself. He was now really close and an idea popped into his head.

"You want me to shoot my seed into you. You will have the biggest orgasm of your life when I do and you will know then that only I should put babies inside you."

"Cum in me!" She urged and he obliged. "I want to feel it AAGH!" She yelled as she felt him shooting into her and then they collapsed in a heap. He lay there, the woman holding and kissing him then he pulled away and told her to put on a robe and go play with her children but send the nanny in.

He didn't find the girl that pretty, she was ok body-wise but her face was plain and she had a bad hairstyle. He looked at her standing expectantly then told her to strip. He breasts were a little small and she was a little thin legged but for what he was going to get her to do she was fine.

"Do you live here?" he asked. She nodded. Her accent hinted that she was European but from where he didn't know, or care.

"You want to fuck anyone I tell you to." He waited but she didn't say anything. He knew the drug was really potent for three hours after which it tailed off although what had gone on for the first three hours were not remembered but the subconscious seemed to store some of the feelings which made the person believe they were theirs.

"You will fuck anyone I want you to and you will enjoy it. You want to become my personal whore and do anything I ask you to do. You want to earn money having sex and give it all to me." He waited. "tell me what you want."

"I want to whore for you and earn money for you." She supplied.

"When you're not fucking clients you will..." he smiled at the thought. "You will have sex with Beth's husband. You won't tell anyone you are a whore but you will tell him although you will never climax when he has sex with you." 

He turned away to get dressed. "When I come to this house tomorrow you will let me in then take off all your clothes and play with yourself in front of Beth. Now go and play with yourself until you climax then get dressed and go take care of the children.

He watched her begin to frig her pussy as she stood by the door then have a quick fire climax before dressing. He found Beth with her children but upon seeing him she got up and ran over kissing him deeply.

"Beth. Tomorrow when I arrive you will make sure the children go to their room and you will strip and eat out Crystal in front of me until I tell you to stop." She nodded as she held him. "From tonight you will encourage your husband to sleep with Crystal not you. You must be subtle and whisper things about her and how you'd like to see it." She nodded again.

He untangled himself then left picking up the box and throwing it in the bin. He paused remembering he'd spent all his money and returned to the house. Beth was waiting just inside the door her face lit up as he came back in.

"You want to give me all the money you have in the house."

She blinked then turned to her purse and fished out all her notes. "I think Crystal has some money I'll get it." She disappeared then returned with a handful. "Crystal has some, Roger keeps two hundred in a desk draw upstairs." She passed it over then offered the coins but Pace told her to keep them.

She then began to kiss him again and despite his decision to leave he got her to blow him as he sat on the kitchen table. He left a short time later with over two hundred and seventy pounds.

The next day he was nervous again but once inside Crystal stripped and Beth began to eat her. He fetched some glasses of water and added the drug then returned and telling Beth to stop suggested they should drink. It was strange for them they'd both had the desire to strip and perform in front of the black man who'd just arrived but neither knew why.

The other drug worked quickly. "You want to make love to me." He spoke to Beth who said yes and they went to the bedroom Crystal in tow. The sex was great and the whispered suggestions were instantly carried out. After climaxing he got Crystal to eat the woman out then decided as she did so he would have sex with her just this once. She was very tight and it was slow progress but he was soon getting her to an orgasm as she brought Beth to one of her own. After his second climax he sent Crystal to look after the children then programmed Beth.

She was to dose her husband tonight then call Pace who would come over and set things up. He was a little concerned he was using the drugs on the girls two days in a row but it was too much fun to leave it. The call came at eight and he turned up just before nine. He then told the man he was impotent and couldn't satisfy a woman except Crystal who he would pay for sex every night. He would accept his wife needed better and that he, Pace was the one to please his wife from now on.

Pace then made Crystal ask Roger for money before they had sex. Crystal watched and Pace whispered that she would encourage this every night because she didn't want him trying it on with her. He then took Beth back to bed and they made love for an hour before he left. She called him the next day and asked him if he was coming over. This wasn't what he'd suggested but had suggested she'd want to see him often. He arrived to be greeted by the woman with a shower of kisses and they had sex again. Pace noticed the regretful looks Crystal gave them and smiled, she'd get enough cock soon.

He used two more vials on all three of them over the next few days waited hoping it would be enough to make it permanent. Beth was insatiable whenever he turned up and Crystal willingly began to sleep with anyone he suggested. It was actually hard to get a client base for her but he got her to stand on a few street corners for a while with little success until he saw a hooker one evening and had another idea. Back in her room he drugged her and got her to tell him all about the business.

He found out the woman actually didn't have a pimp but needed the money for drugs, he then had a moment of kindness and told her she didn't need the drugs anymore but she needed a partner instead and they would work together giving him the money.

So it was three nights later Crystal stood dressed in a tiny skirt with Melanie, waiting for her first trick, if you didn't include Roger who was in her bed for 100 each night. The girls began earning well for Pace and with Beth totally into him he moved into the house and her bed that evening. Roger stood watching as he pleasured his wife then when Crystal returned home he paid for sex as the woman lay passively under him until he'd climaxed.

Pace enjoyed himself over the next few months. Crystal was soon pregnant father unknown and to his great pleasure discovered both she and Roger had caught Syphilis. He drugged them and ordered Roger not to do anything about it telling him he would now only eat the girl after her nights on the streets and still pay her to do it. Crystal had the treatment then went back to work.

Beth was on the pill with suited Pace but he was now keen to put a few buns in the ovens of other married white girls. He got Beth to drive him to the local doctor's surgery then he drugged a nurse who gave him all the names and addresses of the younger mums in the area who were not on the pill.

With Beth's help he visited them chatting about the local schools and pretending to be unhappy residents. The first woman even made them tea before consuming the drug and being taken by Pace as Beth sat happily waiting. The woman let him back in the next day then after a chat about periods he came back the next week drugged her and repeated it for the next two days. The day after he made her desire a baby and ensured she'd keep it whatever.

He did this three times more before he finally realised his drug store was getting low, less than fifty were left of each so he waited watching for telltale signs: Two worked and they began to show but not the third. Unfortunately Pace was drunk with the power the drug gave him and overreached himself. He tried to drug a woman and her daughter to perform for him only the woman was sick after taking the drug unbeknown to Pace. So when the daughter began to come on to him in front of her mother she went to the kitchen came back with a gun and shot him.

Beth, Melanie and Crystal were beside themselves at the funeral but it was Roger who discovered the drugs after he'd gone home with the hand written notes left by Peter; finally he realised what had happened. First he drugged Beth and got her to hate the dead man and love him again then, because he knew his desire to walk around with Syphilis was wrong, he got his wife to drug him and tell him he was to get himself sorted out.

Three more were needed to get Beth back on track and another two to get her to tell him he was a sex God who could last for hours. After that Roger made Crystal and Melanie fall for him and they promised to give him their earnings instead. He agonised over this but let them continue to work on the streets but allowed them to live in the house as well.

Roger had ten more vials and kept those for several years until he met a pretty woman at work and knew he had to have her as well. Natalie moved into the house and became his new bedroom partner. Moving Beth to the spare room , she was still an attractive woman but now in her forties.

Roger's new girl pleased him whenever he wanted as indeed would Crystal, Melanie and Beth when asked. He finished the final four when the woman's sister visited and stayed for the next month.

Roger reaped the rewards for his earlier humiliations with a harem of women three of whom gave him children.  With the income of Melanie and Crystal supplementing his own and Natalie's they lived well. When he retired they all moved to the coast living together in a big house visited by their nine children. It was strange for them when they grew up realising their short, balding father had lived for the past twenty five years with four women. If only they knew.
