The Ring - a Story
 by Delta Venus

Copyright 2009



[author's note:  My apologies, Snoopy! I have always wanted to
use the line, and I couldn't resist it any longer...]



It was a dark and stormy night. Well, it was! Perfect atmosphere
for what Nancy and I had planned. Nancy is my girlfriend, well
more like a girl friend, unfortunately. I'd been trying to get
into her pants for quite some time, and had been striking out.
She wasn't anything special, she sort of reminded me of Thelma
from the old Scooby Doo cartoons, except skinny. She was rather
plain, but I liked the plain look, and there is no sauce like
hunger. The more she said no, the more I wanted her.


Nancy has a serious fixation on all things supernatural. Magic,
Gypsy curses, the healing power of crystals, you name it, she is
into it wholeheartedly. I've always had an interest in this area
of life, nothing like her obsession, but it made for a nice
common ground. We could frequently be found in New Age
bookstores, Learning Annex seminars, or the occult section of the
local library. It beats sitting at Starbucks listening to the
yuppies prattling away about their cars and their kids.


The rather old, musty, leather bound book of spells, tucked
neatly behind the other books on a back shelf in the library,
looked like something special. It just radiated a certain aura of
ancient mystery, powerful vibes that spoke of magical powers. I
knew Nancy would go for it in a big way. When we discovered it, I
let Nancy know it was really something special - otherwise why
would it have been so carefully hidden? She was all over it. One
spell in particular really hooked her, a spell that would reveal
a magical ring that would give the bearer youth and beauty. How
could she pass that up? Nancy knew she wasn't ugly, but she
harbored no illusions of being a feast for the eyes. Besides,
what woman thinks she couldn't be more beautiful than she already
is? How else do the cosmetic and fashion industries rake in the
big bucks, not to mention the plastic surgeons?


She quickly became obsessed. Knowing there was only one way this
would play out, I suggested we go ahead and try to make some
magic happen, what spell should we try? Guess which? You bet! We
planned out the ring ceremony described in the book, hence the
stormy evening being the perfect setting. It required an
elaborate setup, with a firepit, a shitload of candles, specially
written symbols, and weird herbs to be burned at specific times.
We had picked a rundown hillside cottage just outside of town and
long abandoned, as the perfect place to perform the ritual. The
storm hadn't really started until we had arrived, and began to
set things up. What more of a perfect omen could we ask for! A
dark and stormy night, for dark and stormy doings. The ceremony
went off without a hitch, and there in the coals of the fire was
a ring! A rather plain ring, but aren't all magic rings rather
plain, so as to deceive us mere mortals? We fished the ring out
of the fire, and let it cool. Once it wasn't glowing hot, Nancy
put it on.


"Damn, Nancy! You look radiant!" and she did. I think the mere
thought of being attractive gave her a confident glow, she
definitely had a different air about her.


"Do I really?" she asked.


"Yes, but you didn't read about the price you have to pay to
remain youthful and beautiful, did you?"


"No!" she said in a bit of a panic. "Fuck it! I'm taking it off.
Oh, fuck! It won't budge!"


She tore at the ring, but as it had further cooled, it had
shrunk, and it wasn't coming off her finger without being cut
off.


"Dammit! What is the price? Oh, I hope it isn't anything
horrible!"


I passed the book over to her, open to the relevant chapter, and
watched as her eyes grew wide at what she read.


"You knew! That's why you agreed to do this, didn't you? You
fucker!!"


"Now, now, that is no way to treat your Lord and Master. I
control your will anytime I want to, by being present when you
performed the ritual. You should have read the whole thing, and
done the ceremony in solitude, as it plainly says in the book!
You have no one to blame but yourself. At least you have the
youth and beauty you sought after, Nancy. Now show me how
beautiful you are by taking off all your clothes!"


She hesitated for only the briefest moment, then surrended her
will to me, as was foretold in the book of spells - anyone
performing the ritual in front of another would be completely at
the mercy of the spectator. I feasted my eyes on what she had
been witholding from me for so long, and it looked magnificent!
Although in her late twenties, she had a body much more that of a
teenager, coltish and a little gangly, small tight little
titties, firm flat stomach, long legs. The triangle of her lower
belly was a lovely rounded mound, with just a light fringe of
hair. Plain Jane looked good enough to eat!


"On your knees, woman. Take out my cock, and do what a woman on
her knees before her Master should do."


She knelt down, unbuckled my pants, drew down my zipper, pulled
out my now raging boner, and started to suck and lick with
abandon. She wasn't very experienced, but she knew enough to keep
her teeth to herself, and let a lot of saliva make things nice
and sloppy. She'd never win any contests, but it felt fantastic
anyways! She made up for her inexperience with her enthusiasm and
gusto. That wasn't the only thing turning me on, I was also
electrified by a sense of accomplishment and conquest. Finally
I'd gotten my dick into this bitch! I wasn't going to settle for
just her mouth, either.


I let her suck my dick until I was very close to shooting my load
in her mouth, then I pulled out to take a break and make things
last. I had her lie down, and spread her legs wide. Her lightly
haired hole looked ready for a hard dicking, it was a little
pouty, and quite pink with arousal. I took my time, and slid my
dick into her pussy real slow and easy. I kept sliding in until I
was balls deep, then I just held still, enjoying the heat of her
pussy enveloping me totally, and looking deep into her eyes while
stuffed into her depths.


"You are mine, totally and forever, because of the ring ceremony,
and your complete surrender. Say it!"


"I am yours," she whispered breathlessly. "I would never have
surrended to you, but now I am powerless, and you control me
totally, body and soul. Do whatever you want to me!"


On that wonderful note, I started pumping her pussy with a
passion. She responded with me, our lustful actions rising in
intensity. She stared into my eyes the whole time, as if
transfixed. I rode her increased thrusts, and gave back even
stronger ones. We bucked and thrust like wild animals, driven on
by the storm raging around us, which had seemed to reach a
thundering peak just as she took her clothes off, and the magical
intensity that had been generated by the ancient ceremony we had
performed as it built. It had to end, but it ended spectacularly.
It was one of the most intense orgasms I've ever had, and judging
by what Nancy went through, I think she would agree with me. A
spastic, gasping, rutting finale, just short of fireworks. I must
have pumped at least a gallon of cum into her grasping, gushy
hole, and I thought she might knock my pubic bone right through
my backside with her hard thrusts.


We said nothing as we gathered up our clothes, exited the cottage
into the now diminishing storm, and headed out of the woods, back
to town. I wondered a few things as we walked along. How long
would Nancy do my bidding? Would she decide she wasn't any more
beautiful than before, and figure out the ring was bullshit?
Would she get the ring cut off? Would she ever figure out that I
had planted the book in the library, and the ring in the firepit?
Could there be something to all of this, since the storm seemed
to have matched the events of the evening perfectly? No, that had
to be coincidence.


I didn't for a minute believe in any of the magical mumbo-jumbo,
except for one thing - the power of suggestion. I knew Nancy
would fall for it, which is why I had gone all out when I set up
this elaborate sham, the more it fed into her preconceived ideas,
the more likely it would be that she fell under a spell, even if
there is no such thing as magic rings, and powerful mind control
curses.


So long as Nancy remained under the spell of the power of
suggestion, magical times lay ahead...


         &#9650;&#9792;

http://deltavenus.bestdamnpornblogs.com/
