Story: Sticky Lips Party (MF+ Rom Creampie)

The phone rang midmorning on Saturday, and I heard Darla's excited 
voice.  It must be a friend, I thought to myself.  After the 
conversation, she came hopping into the other room and said that some 
friends from college are in town for the weekend and she invited them 
(Virginia and Bridget) to come over and stay the night.

My disappointment showed, because Darla and I had planned to "play" 
today.  Plus, she had wanted me to work up a reservoir of semen by 
abstaining for a few days.  I felt like my nuts were blue because 
Darla had hand-jobbed me yesterday and earlier today and stopped 
before I would have ejaculated.

You see, Darla likes me to service her pussy with my mouth after I 
pump a full load into her.  I described it to her a month ago, and 
told her it's called creampie eating.  Ever since then, the more 
we've done it, the more she likes it.  So I was really looking 
forward to an afternoon or evening romp with Darla, and now she 
wanted to get the house cleaned up.

Darla spent the early part of the afternoon cleaning up, and I 
helped, and she just wouldn't stop talking up her friends.  They were 
roommates in college a few years ago, and apparently were accustomed 
to being on the wild side.  I had visions of my sitting there, bored, 
while the three women chatted endlessly.

They came over about 3:30 that afternoon, and Darla was ecstatic to 
see them.  Virginia, a slightly pigeon-toed woman with long, wavy 
dishwater-blonde hair, had a gracious appeal.  And Bridget, a very 
short-haired slender brunette with firm features and very smooth 
skin, seemed pleasant.  Darla had them put their luggage in the guest 
room, and the three of them talked for a while before dinner.  I 
pretty much observed quietly.

After dinner we gathered in the living room and Virginia attempted to 
get me talking by asking questions.  The subject eventually got back 
to the college days with Darla and Bridget again reminiscing.  
Virginia observed me several times looking at her beautiful bare 
legs.  I averted my eyes each time, although I couldn't keep from 
repeatedly going back to looking at her.

When the subject got around to some of their sexual exploits, 
Virginia and Bridget became quiet.  "It's okay," Darla interjected, 
looking over at me.  "He may be the quiet type, but believe me, he's 
no Mr. Milquetoast when it comes to enjoyment of some of the finer 
things in the bedroom."  Relieved, they laughed and talked about some 
of the more wild things they did, probably to see if I'd appear 
shocked (which I wasn't).  

After the three women consumed more wine, Virginia and Bridget 
mentioned that they're roommates to this day, and Darla asked them if 
they had boyfriends.  "Occasionally," Bridget volunteered, "But it 
just doesn't happen very much.  Same with Gin-Gin," she added, 
referring to Virginia.  "We kind of went on this trip for a change of 
scenery, since there's probably not a snowball's chance in hell of 
getting laid soon."

"Snowball!" Virginia laughed with embarrassment, adding, "Now THAT 
would be a change in scenery!"  Bridget looked at her quizzically, 
then burst out laughing herself.  

Darla looked puzzled and asked what they meant.

"You know, snowball - snowballing!"  Bridget noticed my understanding 
smile and said, "You explain it to her!"

"It's when a girl gives a guy a blowjob, and then kisses him and puts 
the stuff in his mouth," I stated boldly.  Virginia squeezed her legs 
together and fidgeted.  

Darla's eyes lit up with understanding and she giggled.  "Tee hee! So 
that's what it's called.  We're beyond that, aren't we?" she blurted 
out, then put her hand over her mouth.  "Oh my gosh!" she exclaimed, 
then dissolved in laughter.

"It's 'fess up time, Darla," declared Bridget.  "You can't keep us 
hanging like that!"

Darla explained that after I squirt into her, she has me suck her 
pussy and clean the semen out of there.  Her friends were visibly 
turned on by the thought of that.  Virginia piped up, "Oh, I'd love 
to have that done to me! Maybe if I think ahead, I can arrange that 
for my birthday next year."

"When's your birthday?" asked Darla.

Virginia smiled, and Bridget answered for her, "Today!"

"Why didn't you tell us?!" Darla scolded.  Then, with a devilish 
gleam in her eye, she reached over and put her hand on my crotch, 
where my already hardened boner was struggling to emerge.  "You 
know," she continued, "I haven't told him this, but I've always 
wanted to see him do another woman - but only if it's somebody I know 
and like.  Virginia, since it's your birthday, would you be willing?  
That way you can get your wish too!"

"Oh my gosh!" Virginia exclaimed as she squirmed and squeezed her 
knees together.  "You'd do that? For me?"

"Only if we all get to watch!"

"Yes!  Oh, yes!"

"Okay, it's settled.  I have some ideas too," Darla responded.  
"Let's all get undressed, so Gin-Gin won't feel awkward.  Clothes off 
right now, everyone!"

We all shed our clothes, and I felt conspicuous with my raging boner 
sticking out.  I felt Bridget's eyes zero in on my crotch.  I went 
over to Virginia and knelt in front of her.  "Spread your knees, 
honey," I said, and gently pried her legs apart.  "Now scoot forward 
so I can get at you.  Yes, that's good."  I nestled my mouth up to 
her pussy and gently kissed and licked while she trembled and moaned. 
 Her clitoris boldly protruded and I circled around it.  She 
generated abundant natural cream, which would make a good mix.  I ran 
my hands up and down her legs as I licked, getting her (and myself) 
more aroused.  In a short time she shook with closed fists, treating 
me to a wonderful sight.

When Virginia calmed down a little from her orgasm I slid my boner 
inside her.  Being inside someone new is always an exciting 
experience, and I felt my boner impatiently twitch as it wanted to do 
what came naturally.  I focused on prolonging the experience as much 
as possible.  I slowly gave Gin-Gin full thrusts in her neglected 
pussy.  My cock appeared to have a will of its own as it repeatedly 
jerked and twitched like a horse at the gate.  I knew I couldn't hold 
off much longer, especially with all the teasing that Darla had done 
in the last couple of days.

"Hold off as long as you can, Rick!" Darla instructed. 

"I'm trying!" I exclaimed as I felt Gin-Gin's legs.  I thrust several 
more times and felt the inevitable pulsing of my hard member within 
her.  "Aaaaugh! I can't help it!" I shouted as I brusquely rammed 
into Gin-Gin and spurted into her creamy receptacle.  I stayed inside 
her until I was sure that she got every drop of my semen.  Then, with 
a still-turgid member, I plowed her pussy, telling her, "I'm mixing 
up our juices now," and continued for about a minute.  "Are you 
ready?" I asked as I pulled out.

"Ohhhhh, yes!"

"I want every drop of what's inside there," I stated just before I 
planted my mouth on her pussy.  Gently at first, then with 
determination, I sucked on that sweet pussy and extracted the 
sensuous blend of juices from her.

"Don't swallow it, Rick!" ordered Darla.

Gin-Gin shuddered with another climax as I persistently sucked her 
clean.

Darla took my hand and helped me stand up. "Give it to me, lover," 
she said, and placed her mouth on mine.  I propelled the gooey 
mixture into my lover's mouth and held on for a prolonged kiss.  My 
boner hardened again with all the new stimulation.

Bridget, feeling left out, asked the full-mouthed Darla, "Do you 
think I could, um, uh..."  Darla went over to Bridget, grabbed her 
head with both hands, and brought Bridget's mouth up to hers.  The 
two women locked their mouths in a slow passionate kiss.  I chuckled 
to myself when I saw Bridget's eyes get big as she was probably 
taking in the creamy liquids that Darla was giving her.  Darla 
grinned excitedly and I motioned for Bridget to come over. 

"Give it to me, I have an idea," I said, and pressed my mouth on 
Bridget's.  She easily got the hang of snowballing, and proficiently 
injected the gooey mixture into my mouth.  I hung on a little longer 
for the pleasure of kissing her, and my boner rose to the occasion.  
I went to where Gin-Gin was sitting and pried her legs wide apart.  
With my hands I opened her labia and over the next couple of minutes, 
I introduced the creamy mixture back into her pussy.

"Ohhhh, God," she moaned loudly.  "Ahhhhh, that feels SO good!"  

I noticed Darla talking intently and quietly with Bridget.  When 
Bridget nodded her head and they looked over at me, Darla spoke up.  
"Rick, come over here.  I think you'll like this.  Lie down on the 
floor, Bridget's going to have some fun too."

Bridget straddled my midsection and hungrily swallowed my cock in her 
pussy.  She expertly rode me, her eyes telling me that she loved what 
she was experiencing.  Following a few minutes of her inner 
caressing, I could not hold back.  I spurted into her, much to her 
delight.  A few slow strokes, and she pulled out and immediately 
straddled my face.  As I slurpily sucked her clean, she bucked and 
trembled with a powerful orgasm.

When Bridget recovered, Gin-Gin came over and asked her, "May I cut 
in?"  The ladies giggled and Gin-Gin then straddled my mouth.  I 
thoroughly cleaned her pussy and she climaxed loudly and shamelessly.

We talked for a while, and then one after another, we showered and 
dressed minimally.  We said goodnight, and I fell asleep almost 
immediately.  I awoke during the night to Darla's sensual touching 
after a few hours of refreshing sleep.

"Hey lover," she whispered, "how did you like doing Gin-Gin and 
Bridget?"

"It was heavenly."  My hand wandered to her pussy and found that she 
was creamy.  She spread her legs a little.

"I've always had a fantasy of watching you do another woman and 
enjoying it," she continued.  I'm so glad they came over, aren't 
you?"

"Yeah," I said enthusiastically as I entered Darla.

"Hey lover," she whispered again.  "That feels good. Fuck me good, 
but pull out before you cum.  I want to BJ you and give you a 
snowball and have you put it back in me like you did Gin-Gin."  She 
was panting with the excitement of remembering the scene in the other 
room.

"Oh God, Darla," I replied as I reluctantly pulled out.  "You'd 
better do that now.  This feels so good!"

I got on my back and Darla expertly and excitedly brought me off in 
her mouth.  She draped herself on top of me and pressed her lips on 
mine, and energetically propelled the wad into my mouth.  She quickly 
got on her back, and I injected the cum wad into her pussy.  I kept 
licking and sucking until she cried out with her climax.  I kissed 
her some more on the mouth and we went back to sleep.  

In the morning I noticed some dried sticky stuff on her lips.  I 
traced one finger delicately over it and became aware of a developing 
erection.  Darla smiled with her eyes and pulled me close to her.  As 
my lips touched hers I knew there was no stopping her passion.

-----
I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is 
copyright by the author, and commercial use is prohibited without 
permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is 
permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or 
indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that 
this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at 
onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.  Please see my other stories at 
http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
