The low-bellied clouds contrived to be pouring forth their worst as Siska and Keeley neared Phillip's house. Oilskin only stopped so much, and even Siska's shielding spell stopped working after the massive sky-burst of magic. Cold runnels of water ran down Siska's back and Keeley's teeth chattered as they reached the door.

Siska's hand touched the bronze door handle and she brushed her thumb over the latch atop that. She seemed unable to open the door.

A look of sympathy formed on Keeley's face. "You have to go in," she said, her hand touching Siska's back. "The players must be paid."

With an immense sigh, Siska thumbed the latch and pushed the door inward. The entry area was illuminated by light from the common area but she saw no one in either.

She pulled off her cloak and hung it on the pegs just inside the door. Keeley followed her motion and, if anything, looked more fearful than Siska did herself.

Siska's powder blue robes were darker where rainwater had penetrated her oilskin and she brushed at the spots, as if her hands could eradicate the moisture. Keeley grunted in humor when the spots vanished under the touch. Of course she can, she thought.

"Siska, a word?" came a voice from the study. It was Phillip's voice, but it held a coolness that caused Siska to cringe and the moisture erasing ceased immediately. Keeley again touched her shoulder and watched her cross the common area. "Keeley, have a seat, there is tea on the sideboard."

Keeley swallowed and moved toward where the teapot sat on it's pewter tray. Only one cup of the fine porcelain sat beside the teapot and there were three small muffins on the tray.

Her feet dragged as she walked through the arched entry to the study, both the double doors folded back completely to rest against the wall. Siska kept her eyes downcast and studied the tiled floor. She squeaked and jumped slightly when the doors slammed shut behind her. A rapid and complex torrent of magic surrounded the room, forming a sphere the contained Siska and Phillip within it.

Lifting her eyes enough to see him, Siska saw that Phillip was sitting at his massive desk. "What you did was inexcusable," he said without preamble. He was not yelling, and suddenly Siska wished that he would. "I fear I have given you too much leeway for an apprentice, and now see that I was negligent in doing so."

Siska began to say something, but he silenced her by lifting his eyes to hers and glaring. "You will not speak until I say," he said in a harsh whisper. She had expected coldness in those eyes, but what she saw there cut more deeply than any measure of anger. He was disappointed in her.

"The guard informed me of your - incident," said Phillip. "Seems they regarded it an event large enough to attempt to summon me to aid in your arrest. They sent a mounted squad to me and tried to get me to go with them, in case you needed to be put down."

Siska gaped at him, her face adopting the expression of one who hears of another's death.

"I only just managed to talk them into letting me handle the matter," said her mentor. "And I do mean barely, there are still guardsmen who will make you arrest if they see you right now."

Siska opened her mouth again. "You will remain silent!" shouted Phillip and she found she did not prefer his anger to disappointment. Her teeth clicked as they came together.

That scream seemed to sap something from Phillip and he slumped in the armchair behind his desk. "You will not be going out into the town for a week - except to attend the ball for your friend, Mannis," he said. "You will be repaying Master Gelorinni for the cost of removing your - addition - to his common room. Lastly, you will pay the sum of a hundred marks to each of the girls you assaulted, the four customers who were trapped behind your wall until a section of the inn's wall could be removed, and another two hundred to Master Gelorinni for his discomfiture."

Eleven hundreds? thought Siska as he glowered, looking at a piece of parchment. "Those moneys will be accompanied by a personal apology, delivered in public, to each of them, along with accepting penance, if they so wish to administer it."

A long moment passes as Siska studied the top of his desk.

"Do you accept my judgement as fair and reasonable?" asked Phillip.

"I do, Mentor Phillip," said Siska, her voice barely higher than a whisper. "It is fair and reasonable."

An air of formality hung over everything, but that shattered when Phillip said, "Just what in the One's eyes did you think you were doing, girl?"

"One of the girls used magic to attack Keeley, I tried to defend her," said Siska.

"You did no such thing, girl!" shouted Phillip. "You attacked the girl. There is no defense in that. She is had to be healed of a concussion and several cracked ribs, did you know that?"

Siska eyed the mottled red stain on the sleeve of her robe and the cut flesh beneath. "A scratch!" growled Phillip, following her eyes with his own gaze. "You could have easily killed her. She is frightened half out of her wits."

"She didn't seem frightened when it was happening, Mentor," said Siska, defensiveness stiffening her posture.

"The gel had little choice to but put her back up, now did she?" asked Phillip, his tone moderating slightly. "So far as she knew, you meant to kill her and was doing her damndest to not let that happen. Did you expect another wizard to simply roll over for your blue robe and let you pummel her unconscious?"

Siska's eyes dropped. The girl had only knocked over Keeley's wine mug and splattered wine over her friend's dress. "I am ashamed," she said.

Phillip growled deep in his throat. "Not only you. You shamed me and more importantly, you shamed the Blue Order. The penalties I have set are only those of a Mentor to an apprentice. There may well be repercussions from the order to come. You are a sworn member, even if you let that slip your mind. Your role is to DEFEND Tressen's people, not assault them in bar brawls! Even the other magi of the city are your responsibility." A moment passed as he let that long line of words soak into her mind. "You are held to a higher standard, and you are to prove yourself worthy of that esteem in the future, else it will not be in your future."

Tears were rolling down Siska's cheeks. In her mind, she had single-handedly brought low a proud group of fine people. In a moment of anger, she had harmed the Blue Order, who had been held in esteem by the people of Tressen, even if that esteem was accompanied by some measure of fear. Fear, she realized, that she had fed well.

Phillip looked down at his writings again and picked up his steel quill. "You and Keeley have potatoes to finish peeling," he murmured. "She will not be coming over for a week, either - nor will Mist or Leetha."

"Thank you for letting me attend the ball, still, Mentor," said Siska in a hoarse whisper as she opened one of the wide doors back into the hall from the common room.

Phillip never raised his head. "What you did was not bad enough to merit ruining a special day for young Defender Mannis. I did not allow your attendance for your own benefit. He has worked hard for years for this moment. I'll not let you ruin it for him."

Siska nodded and left the study.

- - -

Tatyana walked across the courtyard in her gray doublet, bearing a large sack of flour. She served but one owner in her years, and now two in under a month. Her new owner eyed her oddly, and she felt sure that he harbored demands she had yet to be called to make.

This struck her as more than passingly strange, for there were younger and prettier slaves in this estate's stables. Tatyana was into her forties and had borne two children. While she might be considered an attractive woman, for her age, she was far from a blooming young beauty.

Her new owner, Master Tornadin was kinder to her than the last. The last had been a middling merchant with a very demanding wife. The wife had switched her almost daily for some perceived slight or slowness in performance of her duties. She was the only slave in the house, as well, which meant all attention was focused upon her.

Here, she was amid dozens of slaves. Even more than she had been as she had lived with Mistress Tomasino. Her duties were light, as a kitchen helper, and she had a nice, clean room to herself.

All of this would have pointed to a nice, quiet end of years to her, except for the attentions of young Master Tornadin. He had yet to touch her, but when she passed by him, his eyes watched her closely and he wore an odd expression that spoke of a deeper desire.

She thought of giving herself to him, or at least offering. She had found, with Tomasino's more demanding guests, that it made the act much easier if she at least pretended to desire the contact. Tornadin was not an unattractive young man, either, a matter that would aid in the pretense of desire.

If she were wrong in her assessment of his looks, though, her approach may well insult the young, good-looking noble. She sighed as she dropped the flour onto the table beside the large bowls that were being mixed for the evening's grand meal.

"He was watching you again, eh?" asked Lirivni, one of the few slaves that she already considered a friend.

"Yes," whispered Tatyana as she picked up one of the knives on the table and sliced the top off the sack of flour. "If I weren't a dried sack of prunes, I'd swear he desires me."

Lirivni was several years her junior, in her middle thirties. She was a pretty woman, with long brown hair and soft blue eyes. Lirivni was also an indenture, not a full slave. The difference hardly mattered while she was in service, especially for the length of time Lirivni would be owned - more than twenty years, of which only seven had been served.

"Master Tornadin has expansive tastes," said Lirivni, grimacing and taking the knife from Tatyana to slice open another sack of flour. The older woman poured her flour into a massive bronze bowl and began mixing it with the contents already within with a massive wooden spoon. "It is considered bad form to make use of indentureds, but he is quite free with his - affections."

Tatyana widened her eyes at the taller, younger woman. "He has made demands of you?" she asked.

Lirivni gave her a look of much patience. "He makes use of all the women slaves, Tatyana. All of them. He considers anything not illegal to be within his rights. If you didn't have an attraction to his eyes, you would be one of the field slaves."

One of the other kitchen slaves, a woman younger than Lirivni, with strong features and a well-rounded belly, nodded. "He will eventually get around to you," she concurred, stroking her belly with an idle hand in the manner women with child tended to. Tatyana wondered if Tornadin was the sire of that child.

Then I'll go to him this night, thought Tatyana. I hope I'm correct. Already, she steeled herself for what would likely happen later, either if she were right or wrong in her assumptions.

- - -

Varan looked down at himself in his dress uniform, only today brought up from the sewing shops at the other end of the Defenders' compound. No silk for Defenders, but the black dyed cotton was highly polished to nearly gleam like silk. He picked a piece of imaginary lint from the stark black surface, then touched the sword on his hip.

That sword had been his for four years, but it was a bronze-hilted trainee's sword. Tonight, he would be presented with his Defender's silver-hilted blade. Though they were shaped the same, the Defender's blade would be better wrought, and crafted of the finest steel available, likely Gendise. Folded and hammered hundreds of times, a Gendise steel sword blank cost more than the home he grew up in.

It would give his blade a distinctive look, that Gendise steel, almost like wood, but in silver and black rather than browns, where the grinding of the edges cut through the layers of grain in the steel. In his eyes it would be the most beautiful of swords, even if the rudest pot-iron.

His roommates bustled around him. Mannis was pulling his belt around his waist and cinching the buckle tight. Giordino was still pulling on his boots, looking at them with a critical eye to ensure not the slightest scuff marred their mirror-like black finish. Lastly, Cherofski, clad only in his smallclothes, was polishing the blade of his trainee's sword, running an oiled cloth down it's length.

"Keeley says that Siska is fortunate to be able to attend," said Varan, looking over his shoulder at Mannis, still fidgeting with his sword belt.

"So I've heard," said Mannis with a grimace. "Something about dueling in pubs. I've not been allowed to visit her. Her mentor sent me away without comment, other than to say that she isn't free to receive guests."

Varan nodded. "But still, she will be at the ball, and you'll be able to talk to her to your heart's contentment," he said.

His words seemed to act as a cue, Cherofsky leaped up and began pulling on his pants. Varan and Mannis both blinked at the shorter man, wondering why he had put off dressing for so long. Even Giordino, a notable procrastinator, eyed his roommate with a impatient glance.

Both Cherofsky and Giordino had been able to secure escorts at short notice for their graduation ceremony. Defenders were highly romantic figures in Tressen society, and few women, unless solidly spoken for, would refuse one accompaniment to one of their few public functions. Their escorts, however, were more settled upon than sought out, and Cherofsky wondered, in truth, if he would have to pay his companion for the honor later.

Giordino sidled up beside Mannis, peering into the mirror on it's heavy wooden stand. "I understand that your Siska nearly got herself arrested from that duelling," he said, shaking his head. "A temper on that one, mark my words."

Mannis sighed. "Does everyone know more of Siska's business than I do?" he asked. "She made a small mistake, excusable I think, under the circumstances." He glowered at the shorter and much darker young man. "She was defending her friend, or at least thought she was. Something you and I should well understand, no?"

It took Giordino several moments to speak. "I hear you brother," he said, his voice quiet and earnest. "You know I am ever on your side, in battle and out."

A grudging smile came to the tall redhead's face. "And I am on yours, brother," he said, putting his hand on the shorter man's shoulder. "I suppose we must remind ourselves of that from time to time."

Though only paying attention to the exchange partially, Varan nodded approval as the two Defenders made their peace. In a few hours, they would truly be full Defenders - full men. It was good to see them behaving as such now, even while still in the trainees' quarters.

- - -

Keeley bustled around Siska's room as if her backside were ablaze. "Why are they not here yet?" she demanded, a panic in her eyes that made Siska think of a cornered rabbit.

"They are coming," said Siska in as calm a voice as she could muster. "Mistress Maureen knows when the ball is to begin and won't be late."

The shorter girl, twisting her brown hair about her finger, pulled back one of the heavy curtains that covered one of the two windows that stood on the room's outer wall. "I've never been to such a fancy event," she said. "What if I make a fool of myself?"

"Follow Varan's lead," said Siska, pulling a brush through her long, golden hair. "He'll know the proper behavior."

Keeley let the curtains go and turned toward Siska. "You could at least pretend worry," she snapped.

A soft smile formed on Siska's lips. "Keeley, I have been cooped up in this house for five days," she said. "Mannis tried three times to visit me and was sent away. I intend nothing - and I emphasize nothing - to mar it. Do you think that I've many grand balls in my history?"

That abashed Keeley more than enough, and the girl lowered her eyes. "I would think not," she said.

In truth, Siska had attended more than a score of fancy dress balls. However, she had attended them as a servant, not as a guest. She might well know, better than Keeley, how to behave in such rarified company. Siska was a kind enough friend not to say anything of it.

"Come, rub this on my shoulder, to cover that bruise," she said to Keeley. She pointed to a dark spot marring the fair skin of her shoulder, just to the right of her neck.

Phillip had been true to his word, and she found herself under the tender tuteledge of Madam DeSandiago. Madam DeSandiago had introduced her to Weaponsmaster Larken.

Her first lesson with Larken had been a learning experience for Siska. She discovered that there were ways to be hurt by other people she had never imagined. He was teaching her to fight with sword, knife, and staff.

At first, she had protested the need for training in such combat skills. Surely a wizard would not need them.

Larken had disabused her of that notion in short order. He commanded her to cast to stop him and before she could even fully focus her energies, he had rapped her on the arm with one of those bound bundles of bamboo strips, delivering a stinging blow.

After that, she had tried to apply herself to the training he offered.

He was a patient man, and good humored. She came, quickly to enjoy the lesson and now eagerly awaited her next lesson on the morrow. However, her newfound interest had exacted a price in bruises from her. Most of them had faded to faintly yellow spots on her arms and legs. However, this one was darker, an ugly blue. A result of stave training, he had clouted her on that shoulder purely by accident. An attempted dodge had led her to put herself straight into the path of his backswing.

Keeley gently rubbed the peach-colored makeup onto the discoloration, though it was impossible to hide every hint of the blue bruise. When she stepped back, it was only noticeable if one looked very hard. "I can't believe Phillip has you conducting arms training, like you were bound to become a merchant's guardsman."

"It isn't like that, Keeley," said Siska, wincing as the shorter girl rubbed the make up over the wound, smoothing the edges. "Phillip has decided that I need to know how to protect myself in a fight, without magic. He says that it will teach me discipline."

Keeley murmured something under her breath that Siska could not make out, though she did hear the single word - 'paddle'.

Siska shook her head. "Phillip said he would send me away before taking switch, paddle, or strap to me," she said. "He says that I've already paid more price in that regard than he can collect." It seemed that she was not sure she wished him to have that particular order of precedence in punishment of her.

A soft rapping on her chamber door snapped her out of the morbid thoughts just before it opened. Salira peeked in, smiling. "They're here," she said after ensuring both young women wore their slips. Opening the door wider, she entered, followed by two of Mistress Maureen's assisting seamstresses. Each of those two bore long thick bundles folded over their arms. Salira carried a small box.

Siska barely managed to stifle a squeal, and Keeley found herself short of even that control, making a high-pitched keen in her throat before regaining her composure. Their obvious excitement caused Salira's grin to widen.

With practiced speed, the seamstresses hung the dresses on an opened door of the wardrobe, unfolding the oilcloth that was wrapped about another layer of cheap wool. Then they removed the wool, one of them actually giving the motion a bit of a flourish.

Siska, Keeley, and, admittedly, Salira all gasped. The seamstresses allowed one another a small nod at that sound and bowed out, muttering good wishes on the two young women's night out.

"It makes me wish I were young again," said Salira, eyeing the long gowns of silk. The longer, made for Siska, was of shimmering blue silk, shaped to conform to her with alarming precision. Narrow sections had been cut out and filled with pleated velvet in sky blue, the color of the order. It was sleeveless and had a narrow but deep neckline. The back swooped down to where it would scarcely be at the small before the sides rejoined.

At first Siska feared it would not stay put when she donned it, but once the fine strings at the back had been drawn, it seemed to disappear from her sense of touch. It became weightless on her and moved with every bit of ease as her own skin might. From her hips the skirts hung in narrow strips, she noted, and were not of a piece. When she walked lighter blue velvet gleamed beneath the steadier shimmer of darker blue silk. Siska moved before the long standing mirror and made a twirl, craning her neck about to see herself as she did so.

"It's a lovely dress, Siska," said Salira with Keeley nodding in agreement alongside her.

Siska turned toward them. "Keeley, put yours on," she said excitedly.

It took the three women a few moments to divine the manner of donning the wrapping garment of a dress. Salira, having visited at some point in her past Abia, finally managed the trick, beginning at Keeley's shoulder and walking about her, unwinding the dress onto the girl. Small buttons attached the layers to one another in critical locations, though Keeley would surely need help to remove it later, as well.

When finished Siska and the older woman stood back and admired the confection of green silk and fine wool. "I said to spare the silk," said Keeley, fretting with one of the wide panels of silk that made up large portions of the dress.

"You'll learn that seamstresses will do what they like," said Salira sagely. "Ask a man of swordsmiths, and they will happily point out the same sort of breed."

Keeley gave the mirror a critical eye and turned halfway about. "Well, it is pretty," she said. It hugged her form, if anything, more tightly than Siska's gown, the wrapping actually being snug at points. A few shifts and plucking from the three released a binding point or two and ensured it hung correctly, if the dress could be said to hang at all, it seemed more to cling.

"Be glad you don't have a mole on your backside," said Siska, grinning. "I fear it would show clearly in this dress."

"I only hope I need carry no coin," said Keeley, nodding. "Else one could tell which side were face up."

Salira giggled, almost like a girl the other two's ages. "And divine the maker's mark at three paces," she added.

The green silk was interrupted by black wool, of a matte finish, making the dress seem a mass of emerald and night. Against Keeley's olive skin, it gave her an air of mystery that Siska could virtually touch. She said as much and Keeley widened her eyes. "I am one of the most unmysterious folk in Tressen," she pronounced.

"As you say," said Salira, moving toward the door, "but she is correct. You look as if you might know dark secrets that aught be left in shadows - or bedchambers."

Keeley contrived to don an expression of sultriness and cool aloofness. "Perhaps I am more than I seem, then," she said, narrowing her gaze as she looked upon the two wizards.

Salira turned to open the small box on the corner of Siska's writing desk. "I note that neither of you seems to have brought jewelry, so I have brought mine. I hope it shall suffice." Generously, she neglected to point out that neither likely owned any jewelry of real worth.

Both Siska and Keeley ooh'ed at the contents, impressed with the gemstones and precious metal settings within. A few minutes digging through the small chest and both were bedecked with fine bracelets and a single ring on each hand. "Earrings used to be all the rage, but no one wears them today," said Salira, looking at her small collection of pins with a sad shake of her head. "You two don't even have piercings to your lobes."

Keeley and Siska grimaced at her description of the process of piercing one's ears and covered their own theatrically, as if Salira had proposed doing so on the spot.

Finally, the older wizard reached under her dress and pulled a necklace free. On it hung a dragon pendant. "As you don't have one right now," she said, unclasping it. She hung the chain and pendant around Siska's neck, the dragon feeling oddly heavy as it rested between her breasts. Siska noted a faint blue shimmer to the silver and the dragon seemed to move as she looked at it.

"It is mithril," said Keeley, as if noting Siska's interested look. "Not enchanted, but well wrought, all the same."

"Thank you," said Siska. "Keeley's father is crafting a new one for me, but it is days from complete, from what Keeley says."

"Dad is obsessing about it," said Keeley, pretending impatience with her father. "He says he wishes it to be the finest of his works, something I don't rightly understand about recompense." The narrowing of her eyes as she looked at Siska told Salira that this topic had never been satisfyingly discussed between the two friends.

As Salira began to close the little box, a gleam caught Siska's eye. "What is that?" she asked, pointing to the glow, emanating from beneath a wide bronze cloak pin.

The older wizard lifted the pin. "Ah," she said, smiling. "It's my manastone ring." She lifted the ring, quite a plain one, from the box. It was a plain band of gold with a mounting that held the glowing shard of gemstone. "Only a small one," she pointed out, slipping it onto her finger.

Siska could not take her eyes from it. "The glow," she said. "It feels - different."

"That's because it's charged with my own energy," said Salira, speaking in her lecturing voice again. "It isn't free mana, as you pull from the air and carries a bit of my own - spirit - if you will."

It took the apprentice a moment, but she did see a similarity in the colorations of the mana, the way it pulsed, or gleamed, to the aura around Salira. There were differences, as well, though. "When did you charge it?" asked Siska.

Salira looked at her oddly. "Oh, I don't remember," she said. "Surely months ago, if not over a year. I rarely have use for it these days."

Siska flicked her fingers in the pattern of divining, muttering a hasty incantation. It was not strictly polite to cast divining spells upon people without asking first, but Salira had said they were friends, and friends were allowed limited liberties with one another.

"What is it?" asked Keeley, giving the two wizards a blank smile, very curious as to what was passing.

"You're pregnant," said Siska.

The older wizard blinked at her. "I'm what?" she asked, forcing a smile onto her face.

Siska smiled broadly. "You're pregnant, and your baby will have the gift."

"How can you know that?" asked Salira.

With a small shrug, Siska said, "Your baby, I know not if boy or girl, is causing a small shift in your aura - your mana aura. It no longer is the same pattern as the aura you possessed when you charged that ring. It's similar, very much so, but not identical."

Keeley simply smiled. "Congratulations," she said. She understood nothing of the talk of magic, mana, and auras, but she knew that blessings were in order for a child conceived.

Salira just blinked a few more times before donning a hesitant smile herself. "Well, thank you, Keeley," she said, though she eyed Siska a moment longer. She wondered just how fine-tuned must be one person's senses to sense a shift so tiny in a person's auras.

"You should seek a midwife to be certain," said Siska

A moment passed as the older wizard absorbed this information. "I shall," she said, though she felt more certain from Siska's pronouncement than she would have from a mere midwife's.

Recovering her wits, Salira helped them with a few more pieces of loaned clothing. A narrow belt of silver links for Keeley and a wide one of bright blue woven leather for Siska. Slippers had been provided the day before from a cobbler two doors down from Mistress Maureen's shop. They had been commissioned by Mistress Maureen to go to with the dresses and were dyed matching blue and green, for each girl's dresses.

Hair in worn loosely was the current fashion, though the two spent several minutes under the brush to burnish their long hair to shimmering before weaving small, discreet plaits into the four strands of their friends' colors.

Siska had enquired with Madam DeSandiago about the acceptability of the plaits and, as the woman seemed to be a font of knowledge of propriety and fashion, her decision was regarded as final. It was allowable, and fashionable in many circles, an interesting phenomenon, in her eyes; A fashion that seemed to transcend classes.

Even as their last plaits were woven, Phillip knocked and informed them through the door that their carriage had arrived. Keeley opened the curtains to gasp at it. "I think, maybe, Phillip is not as angry as he sounded, Siska," she whispered. Siska looked out at that point to see the carriage, as well.

It was a long, black laquered carriage, suitable for the transport of nobility, with gilded accents and pulled by a team of eight sleek black horses. Even the driver and two footmen on it seemed buffed and polished, wearing matching livery with powder blue dominating their colors.

Both of the girls had expected a rented carriage from the local stabler that provided horses when Phillip had need. This carriage was obviously loaned by one of the great houses of the city. Or did the Blue Order keep a few for certain needs? Somehow, Siska doubted, even if they did, an apprentice attending a ball would meet one of those needs.
- - -

"All is well," said Marrik as he pulled his oilskin tight about his shoulders and cupped his hands before his mouth to try to blow some warmth into them. His spear was propped against the parapet beside him.

Night watch on Mertrim's Tower was a boring assignment, but most of the guards in the fortress took the job seriously. Enough so that they rarely slept on duty. The threat of flogging helped in that matter, but would not have stopped it on its own.

"Good," said Thean, his squad leader. She also kept her cloak tight about her, but seemed to not let the chill of the drizzle and cold bother her.

Mertrim liked Thean, she was a good squad leader. Much better than her predecessor, a lush who spent most of his evenings so drunk as to be a hazard to himself and his squad mates.

Like most soldiers, taking orders from a woman had not been easy at first and they had questioned her authority. However, after she had bettered the best of them in a duel with practice swords, they decided that she might just know her job.

He was not sure if her attractiveness was a aid or a hindrance to her leadership abilities. It certainly gained her attention, but it seemed, also, to cause men to not quite take her as seriously as they should. "You'll be relieved in three hours," she said. "We're short handed this night, with the Palace of Tressen in use."

The guard provided men to secure the Palace, as well as the port fortresses. Normally, only a handful of men patrolled the grounds of the fortress, enough to discourage footpads and burglars. When the palace was in use, though, that need soared and fully a quarter of the guards were at the Palace of Tressen, providing guards for show as well as security.

"Understood, squad leader," said Mertrim, retrieving his spear from the wall and wincing at how cold the steel shaft felt to his bared fingers. As she walked away he glanced toward her. She did have a fine figure, he thought, smiling.

Thean smiled as she walked away, hearing the leather straps of his armor creak as he craned his neck. Unconsciously, she added just a little more swing into her hips and stepped out her stride. She did not mind that men found her worth looking at, even the men under her command. They could lust after her, so long as they obeyed her when she commanded them.

Men are stronger than women, ran her logic, and therefore we must be far more skilled than they to match them in arms. Few women served in the guard. Fewer, still, rose to any rank of responsibility. Squad leader was hardly a lofty position, but it was one with command. It was a position with responsibility, as well, a responsibility that Thean took seriously.

Entering the barracks of her squad, the half dozen off duty men were about their business. Ferdinno, tried vainly to cover himself, fresh from the baths, with his helmet. She chewed her lip to avoid a smile. Many of the young men of her squad were prime specimens, and Ferdinno was more prime than most of them. Seeing him unclad was no chore in her eyes.

"You should be abed, Private," she said, forcing sternness into her voice and giving him a practiced glower.

"Yes, squad leader, I only wished a bath," he said.

"Smelling sweet in the barracks is hardly as important as alert eyes on the ramparts," she said. This was a primary job of squad leaders, coming up with pithy remarks to put troopers in their place. Anyone who recorded them would notice that they happily contradict themselves if given enough time. They were crafted at need, to suit the moment, and then discarded. They were not meant to be remembered forever.

"Yes, ma'am," he said, saluting and fumbling his privates-shielding helmet. She had to chew her cheek again. He really was a prime specimen.

The other men hastened to make as if they were preparing for bed, as well, pulling off their boots and one sliding beneath the coverlets of his bunk with his pants on.

"Private Guissippe, you'll find it hard to relax yourself fully dressed," she said without looking at him. The euphemism was not lost on the other guardsmen, who chuckled at her admonition. He stood from his cot and pulled the pants off, stripping to his smallclothes as she entered her own, private room.

She never closed the door to her room. It was a policy with her. She saw her men unclad, and made, with her best effort, no show of it mattering to her. They had all seen her unclad, as well, and she ensured by simple glances and occasional scathing remarks that they made no issue of it either. A well placed questioning of a man's knowledge of women, else a forced period of watching her up close as she went about her business, with a quill and parchment in hand, to take notes, usually prevented them from staring again.

The only time the door closed was for a dressing down. These she conducted in private. It was no one's business but her's and the soldier she was reprimanding what was said between them in those instances. They were men, after all, and their pride needed shielding even more than their privates. Men emasculated were useless in combat.

She stripped off her hauberk of chainmail and pulled the quilted undershirt beneath it off. Her sheer shift of pale linen was virtually transparent. New members of the squad would ogle until older members cuffed them into manners. She saw one such, a private named Urdannik, in his bunk, feigning sleep and watching her.

Without looking, she could not tell if he were 'relaxing' himself at her display. It would not be the first time. Turning her back to him, she allowed a smile to finally form and pulled the shift over her head. You are a very naughty girl, sometimes, she thought. She imagined she could hear Urdannik, with his fortuitously positioned bunk, speeding the pace of relaxation.

Naturally, actually bedding any of the men in her squad was unthinkable, even by Thean, who was not particularly particular about her partners, so long as they were enthusiastic. She stuck to other squad leaders, and occasionally, junior officers of other units, though never her own superiors.

"Boy, you best finish that business before she catches you," murmured one of the other soldiers in his squad. Urdannik, who though he had been reasonably subtle, stopped relaxing and tried to actually will himself into slumber. The man in the next bunk, a corporal named Gulchoff, chuckled. "Hell, lad, no one said to stop, but don't make a show of it," he said. "She's a fine looking woman, but if she knows for sure what you're about, she'll make you do it in the aisle, while she sits and sips an ale, making clever remarks."

Urdannik gulped and decided he had relaxed enough for one evening.

Only in the guard for six weeks, if that, Urdannik was a bright eyed youth who still believed it all to be an adventure. When he had been assigned to the fifth squad, nicknamed the 'Warhawks', he had been amazed by having a female squad leader.

More surprising was that she was a pretty woman, not at all like some of the other troopers who were female. She was slender, with long legs and a slim, high-cheekboned face. Most startling had been her blue eyes, set amid that dark islander skin. Her father was said to be Coghlandish, but her build certainly held no clue to that heritage. If anything she was shorter than most women in Tressen, not taller.

She seemed a fine squad leader, though, after seeing others in action. She was fair to her men and went out of her way to protect them from other squad leaders and even their own officers. He knew he would be loyal to her, and always strive to make her happy with him.

"I shouldn't dishonor her by that, I will apologize," he said, rising from his bunk and adjusting his smalls.

Urdannik blinked up at him. "Are you daft?" he asked. "She'll flay you where you stand, lad."

"No," said the young soldier. "She deserves better thoughts of me and I must make amends." Purposefully, he walked to the door frame and knocked on it, even as Corporal Gulchoff clicked his tongue in resignation.

"Come," said Squad Leader Thean from within the darkened room.

He walked in, forcing himself to hold his head high. Her bed was just out of the line of sight out the door, though she had left it where she found it when she took over the room.

From the light still pouring in through the open doorway he could see she was atop the coverlets. It was warm in the barracks, and usually most men slept with only a sheet over them. Their barracks, the home of the Warhawks, was over the kitchens, and rarely wanted for warmth.

He pried his eyes from her figure. Her legs were apart and her most private places quite visible. "What is it, private?" she asked. Shifting to prop her head on one hand and folding her legs into a matched pair of angles.

"I wish to apologize ma'am, I was thinking improper thoughts of you as I relaxed," he said. His voice stiff with formality and his eyes upon the wall opposite him. "You are worthy of more respect than that, ma'am."

To his amazement, she giggled. He had never heard her make that sound before and it frightened him to hear it now.

"Boy, I'm a woman of thirty-seven years. If a young buck like yourself thinks I'm attractive, I hardly find that an offense upon my person," she said as the giggles subsided. "I find it flattery, though of a rather base sort. You're a soldier, Urdannik, and not given many opportunities to relax with the company of a young woman. There are certain needs that will - arise."

Unsure what to think or do, Urdannis just stood there.

"Be subtle about it and don't wave it in my face, and we'll get along fine," she said, laying back upon her back. "Back to your bunk, soldier, you've duty in three and a half hours."

Urdannik saluted with a fist to his left shoulder and crisply turned to march out. He nearly fell on his face when Thean said, "I sometimes relax to the thought of you young men, too. Repeat that and I'll have you flogged."

- - -

Tatyana hefted the serving tray and walked toward Master Tornadin's apartments. She had volunteered for this particular duty this night so that she might end the wait to see if he was to seek her favors. Waiting, oddly, was worse than the follow through.

She stopped outside the ornately carven door, depicting oak leaves and grapes in relief, and visibly calmed herself. She had given herself to men before, it was part of being a slave. Most were appreciative of it and were kind to slaves that shared their bed from time to time. Her mind cringed at the memory of some few who were not.

Opening the door, she slipped into the sitting room of the expansive apartments that made up his personal space in the huge palace.  He was sitting in one of the chairs, watching the flames with an intensity that seemed odd to her. "Wine for milord," she said in a soft tone, forcing a breathiness into it that she hoped would convey her adopted mood.

"Very good," said Lord Tornadin after a moment of thought. He glanced at her. "Tatyana, is it?" he asked, though he very well knew her name. He had paid thrice her worth to acquire her from the merchant. The resemblance between this attractive, middle-aged woman and her young daughter were obvious. The tall stature and slender, elegantly shaped face. So very Eastron. She had some gray hair amid the slick black tresses, and he wondered idly how she had come to have a blond daughter.

"Yes, milord," she said, bowing low. "It honors me that you recall my name." She tried a tentative, shy smile. Somehow, despite her maturity and apparent experience, she made the shyness seem proper and alluring.

She is expecting something, he thought as he regarded her and returned the smile. "Tatyana, attend to me this evening," he said.

"As milord commands," she said, bowing low again. She moved to the corner and stood quietly, as was the practice of a servant or slave in attendance. She waited for a gesture or command.

Tornadin rose and sat the delicate crystal goblet onto the tray. "Do you take wine?" he asked, gesturing toward the pitcher and goblets, and taking a step toward her.

She blinked and looked toward the tray, and at him. "If milord indicates it is acceptable, I am partial to wine," she said. Tatyana was unused to being asked a question of preference. Her statement tried to convey that she would, of course, drink if commanded, and would not mind if asked.

"Then sit, and drink with me, please," he said, gesturing now toward the ornately embroidered armchair beside the one he had been seated in. "I would come to know a new addition to the household."

His avoidance of calling her a slave or servant sat well with Tatyana. Slaves needed no reminder of their station, and she appreciated the subtle compliment in not doing so.

"Thank you, master," she said, trying to move as gracefully as she could to sit in the indicated chair. She was unused to sitting on such fine furnishings and seated herself gingerly, barely on the chair at all, perching on the front edge of the padded cushion.

To her surprise, he poured the wine and handed her a goblet, smiling at her warmly as he did so. "There are not many people indentured of Eastron lineage," he said, retaking his seat and picking up his goblet of wine.

"No, milord, there are few," she replied. "My ancestors were made captive in the County of Balskana some hundred and fifty years ago."

Tornadin chuckled. "Ah, those days, when Tressen was haven to pirates and brigands," he said. "Ever they raided the coasts of other nations, dragging home loot and slaves."

"Yes, milord," she said, allowing a small measure of resentment into her tones. It was foolish to pretend to like being a slave, but equally so to resent it so much that your master felt you untrustworthy or even dangerous.

She took a small sip of the wine, trying to force her motions into a semblance of casualness. It was very good wine, she found - fruity with a hint of cinnamon.

"I debate myself regularly what my true feelings on slavery are," said Tornadin, looking at Tatyana with a appraising eye. "I sometimes wonder at the very propriety of it. Then, at other times, I find myself eagerly anticipating the commanding of a slave. Do you comprehend that, Tatyana?"

Tatyana nodded. "I can see where the lure would be strong, master," she said.

"Like, right now, I could send you to perform service in the barracks in this estate, to entertain the troops for a few nights," he said, giving her a knowing glance.

Tatyana's expression did not change, though she had to force a mouthful of wine in the proper direction to avoid coughing. She nodded. "Milord would be within his rights," she said as soon as she got her throat in proper order.

"Or, I could slit your throat - kill you where you sit, and no one would comment.

"Milord could do that indeed, without issue," she said in reply though her throat suddenly felt like it were a parched field. It was not yet abject depression that took residence, for she had dealt with men with peculiar tastes before, and knew some spoke more grandly than they acted. However, she did not get that feeling from young Lord Tornadin, he seemed the sort that could command what he proposed.

The wine did little to relieve the dryness in her throat.

"Not that I would waste a good, loyal retainer in such a manner," he said. "And one who is attractive, as well. Despite the questionable references of your former owners, the records that accompanied you from the Lady Tomasino show that you were seldom punished and very seldom given anything but glowing assessments.

A well run house would keep records of the events in their slaves' lives, illnesses, required disciplining, training, and other matters that might well matter to future owners and were the stuff that made up the slave's life. Slaves were often proud of a good record, and considered it very important, for they had little to call their own.

"Milord is generous with praise," she said, bowing her head, but looking up at him with her glittering brown eyes through her square-cut bangs. The subservient posture took a score of years from her features and her eyes looked large and luminous, despite their near black color.

"When we are alone, you may call me Tornadin," he said while he wondered if she knew precisely what she was doing or else was an instinctively seductive woman. "But only when it is but you and I."

"Thank you, Tornadin," she said, without any pause and smiled. "You honor me further."

Tornadin sighed deeply, allowing himself a wide smile in response. He rather liked Tatyana. She was pretty, if a bit old and seemed quite intelligent, too; a very desirable trait in a personal slave. He rather regretted the necessities of his plans, but necessities, they were.

- - -

The Palace of Tressen seemed to Siska a confection of white fluff and gold filigree. The texture of the stuccoed brick that covered it seemed like the icing on a cake, and so stark white that even in the rain and the dimness of night that it gleamed. The trim in gold and crimson glittered in reflected light from the enclosed lamps about the long drive and surrounding the huge structure. 

"It doesn't look real," said Siska as the two girls peered out the carriage window. They were stopped, side on to the palace, awaiting to turn onto the long horseshoe drive into the grounds. Other carriages were making the turn and the drivers waited between them to give the passengers a chance to debark before the next carriage would arrive under the long awning that covered the entrance.

Keeley nodded. "I've never seen it by night and lit up so," she said. "It looks like something form a bard's tale."

Their carriage lurched forward and they turned onto the drive. Keeley and Siska both seemed to turn a bit green as the butterflies that had been fluttering around inside them began a new attempt to flee their bodies. "If you're half as nervous as me, I pity you," said Keeley, giving her friend a grin that was half grimace.

Siska giggled at that, though the laugh had the same sounds of trepidation in it that was in her best friend's voice. She had to force her hands to relax, as she found herself gripping the silk of her skirts in her fingers, trying to wrinkle the material or simply drive her fingernails through the cloth.

The carriage clattered to a stop with the horses dancing in their harnesses and the driver clucking at them patiently. A pair of jerky motions told the girls that the footmen had leaped from the running board on the back and they could be heard walking hastily to the door. Both girls stood, hastily smoothing their skirts and checking one another's hair. It was a shame to travel after having made oneself up. Even the gentlest of carriage rides had a way of mussing a person's carefully crafted appearance.

The door opened and light poured in from the lamplit entry area. Siska urged Keeley to step out first and the girl hesitantly held out her hand to the awaiting footman, who held his out from the moment the door was opened. He aided her down and she stood at the side of the carriage a short moment, looking about with wide eyes.

A deep blue carpet ran from the door of the carriage to the massive double doors into the palace itself. Over a hundred lamps filled the area with bright light, reflected thousands of times off gilding and crystal, hanging amid them. The floor, itself, gleamed, made of white polished marble, fitted so closely that it seemed of a single piece, despite the nearly fifty feet of it from carriage to doors. 

She did not even notice Varan until he moved. The darkness outside the area of bright illumination hid him in his shining black uniform. He held out his arm, smiling and she returned the smile, some of the panic that she had been showing draining from her face.

"You look lovely," he said in a soft voice as she took his arm. "A princess."

Keeley blushed, looking down at the intricate weave of the blue carpet, patterned in tiny squares of deeper and more shallow tufting. "And you look very handsome, Defender," she said in a demure voice, causing herself to blush further.

They stepped onto the carpet and he guided her to turn so that they could watch Siska debark the carriage and Mannis stepped up to stand beside the door. Siska's eyes were, if anything larger than Keeley's as she peered about her. Her mouth formed into a small 'o' of amazement and she had to try twice to put her foot solidly on the carpet from the carriage's high step.

When Mannis stepped up to her side, she beamed, however, taking his arm with a bit more enthusiasm than strict manners called for, almost clinging to him. "I've missed seeing you," he said softly.

"And I you, Mannis," said Siska as they, too, stepped off from the carriage. The footman closed the door and jogged to the back of the carriage again, clambering up to his standing post on its rear before it started trundling off, making way for the next carriage coming up the long drive.

Mannis turned his eyes to her. "That dress is lovely," he said. "I fell I am escorting a highborn lady."

Siska giggled and touched his arm with her free hand. "You flatter me overmuch, Defender Mannis," she said.

"Nonsense, Blue Sister," he replied in an equally formal form of address. Keeley and Varan had turned before them and they followed the other couple toward the massive doors.

The doors to the palace were said to be Ornthal wood, native to lands far from Murder Isle, a gift of the Windir elves. They were black, or very nearly so, though they somehow seemed to glow with a burnished warmth despite that. They might be black, but they did not give the impression of dark. The doors pivoted silently on oiled hinges and opened wide, being pushed by two young men in royal livery each.

Siska had never seen the violet and silver livery of the royal palace before and watched the young satin-clad boys with interest as they shoved the doors aside and stood expectantly, holding the doors open.

The boys bowed as they four passed the doors and into the grand foyer.

If the entryway had impressed Siska and Keeley, the foyer snatched their breath and left them gasping. Columns rose from another white marble floor, the columns chiseled from glittering red-brown stone. Each had fluting running up its length that caused the tall spires of stone to shimmer as they rose fifteen paces into the air. Light stones illuminated the chamber, behind ornate hanging chandeliers of etched and faceted crystal, throwing gleaming sparks of light throughout the massive area.

The room, itself, was larger than Phillip's entire home, fifty paces front to back and twenty wide, at the least. The walls were of the same marble as the floors, and the corners of floor and wall, and where walls joined were crafted to create a smooth transition, making the room appear without seams or edges. Beside each column, gray clad Defender trainees stood at attention, eyes locked forward except when directly addressed by a passer by.

"Why are they here?" asked Siska, noticing the young trainees as they replied to other visitors. 

Mannis looked at one. "To act as guides and provide information," he said. "The palace is a large place and it is easy to get lost."

Keeley had overheard them and half turned her head. "I could almost get lost in this one room."

Music drifted in through matched sets of double doors at the far end of the foyer, violin, cello, and harp. The soft strains of the stringed instruments gave the people in the foyer a seeming air of peacefulness.

Many smiles were directed toward the two couples. Most of the guests in attendance were families of the graduating Defenders, else they were nobles and other important person of the city who would take any opportunity to dress in finery and let themselves be seen.

A distant knot of light blue caught Siska's eye and she saw Phillip, Tarmal, and Salira amid a half dozen other members of the Blue Order. She had expected their simple blue robes to be frumpy amid the splendor of the palace and the finery of the other guests, but this was far from the truth. Somehow, the robes gave the wizards a simple elegance that belied their true stature. It was understated and subtle, but they seemed to not need to polish themselves to shine.

Salira noted her stare and smiled at her. This gained the attention of the remaining members who all turned to glance at her. Siska flinched inside, stiffening herself for the disapproving looks that surely would be directed at her, given her actions of a few days before.

The looks she feared did not materialize. All the wizards, Phillip included, beamed toward her. What had happened was past, she thought, she was performing her penances, her punishment had been set, and she was, maybe, to be forgiven? Then the truth of it dawned on her. What had happened was between herself and the Blue Order, and outsiders need not know of the matters of wizards.

That sudden epiphany settled on her like a shroud, and she felt a distance grow between her and Keeley, and even Mannis in an instant. Siska was not foolish enough to believe she were better than others. More skilled, perhaps, in one area, but not better. However, she was different from them.

Sadness wrapped about her heart at that knowledge. She knew now why Salira and Tarmal had wed, despite their appearance of being little more than good friends. She would have to speak to Salira of this later. In the meantime, she gripped Mannis' arm all the tighter.

The raised eyebrow from Mannis made her say, "I'm somewhat fearful of large groups."

He nodded in understanding. "They break us of that by forcing us to address massed gatherings," he said. "Until we can do so without any show of worry." He chuckled to himself and touched her cool fingers with his warming palm. "It took me most of two years, and they made me stand before crowds twice a week."

Siska smiled at that. Mannis was a good man, and a brave man, from what she knew of Defenders. Boldness played as much in their training as skill and knowledge. One had to have a certain mettle before one could finish out their demanding training regimen.

Defender trainees were notorious for getting into trouble throughout Tressen. From brawls to pranks to even involving themselves in political intrigue. The various powers in the city, such as the guilds and the noble houses, regularly complained to the deaf ears of the commanders of the Defenders. The commanders would rebut them with the point that they needed men of adventurous spirit in the position of the Defenders, and that he would more likely throw out a young man who seemed satisfied to simply sit in his room when not training.

She wondered what sort of mischief Mannis and Varan had gotten up to during their days as trainees.

"We have some time before the ceremony," said Mannis, walking her toward a grouping of other black clad young men. There were older Defenders at the ceremony, as well, but they were easily identified by the gleaming silver hilts of their swords, as opposed to the polished bronze hilts that the younger men wore. "Would you like to meet my squad?"

It seemed Varan was asking Keeley something very similar and both the young women nodded assent at the same time.