Birth control.

Three years ago after seven years of marriage my life changed. As you will doubtless guess I went black, or to be more precise I went anti-white. I was thirty three and while I was no longer a young girl I won't deny I was still attractive and having not had children had a great figure.

The change actually came over a period of about six months; firstly I was going out more with my own friends partly because Kevin my husband had suggested it and secondly because my best friend from university had moved into the area. She was separated so keen to get out as often as she could and since Kevin was out with his own mates quite a lot this suited me perfectly.

At first I guess it was just fun times with the girls but after a couple of months I was beginning to act more like a single woman than one married for nearly seven years. I'd always enjoyed dancing and with Ruth I was out most weekends at one club or another and of course I dressed for clubbing as she did. More significantly she was looking for company so after some initial reticence she began to flirt more and I had to try not to cramp her style while offering a safety net, if needed.

At first I played the gooseberry as she linked up with someone although she didn't go further than just dancing. Finally she confessed she need my help and after some doubts I began to play along, letting the guys chat me up as well as her. I have to say I quickly got used to this and played the single woman as well although a couple of times the guy spotted my rings and made a comment.

Eventually I took to removing them before we went out for the evening and pretty soon I was lying through my teeth when we were hit on. I was quite comfortable dancing with other guys but things got more complex when Ruth finally made out with a guy then made it clear she was taking it all the way. I was forced then to try to let my partner down which was hard on him and I felt like a complete tease.

After this I changed my stance and tried to appear relaxed but less interested than Ruth which had mixed success as it sometimes meant I ended up alone but most times we would dancing as couples although I still felt a little sorry for my guy since it wasn't going to end the way he hoped.

It was about a month after the first time that Ruth `scored' we were in a bar before moving to a nearby club when two guys came over to hit on us. They were both in their early twenties, absolutely gorgeous plus both were black,. Now let me clarify here, they were both actually mixed race, dark brown rather black skinned, not that this mattered to either of us but what did was the fact that they had it all.

The made us laugh they had a sparkle in their eyes, they looked fabulous and they really worked on us. Now before long we were dancing with them at the club and less than an hour had passed when Ruth had let me know in no uncertain terms she intended to `fuck the guy's brains out!'

It was probably around this point I found myself thinking thoughts I'd not seriously had for eight or nineo 'xs h,ï"'ith someone other than Kevin. We dance and chatted and finally kissed, my mind in a spin trying to keep control of my emotions. I was thankful that fate intervened in the form of one of my other friends who appeared and we got talking while Matt was thankfully at the bar.

It wasn't that she would have rushed away and told the world I was necking with another guy but since I saw her quite often it suddenly woke me up to where I was (in my home town where I knew lots of people) and what I was heading towards. Thankfully Matt kept away from us as we chatted so I didn't have any awkward questions to answer plus Marie was quite wasted so I was confident from the way she was talking she'd not seen me with anyone. Matt was really intuitive and only reappeared when she'd moved completely away.

After apologising I stood rather woodenly as he chatted then with surprising insight he leaned in and stated: "I've lost my chance haven't I!"  I looked at him guiltily trying to think of what to say so he added. "It's ok Anna, I know why. I don't want to spoil your evening so I'll leave you alone!

"No, don't be silly!" It's just, well... difficult, that's all."

"No problem, I don't want you getting into any trouble."

"It's not like that, I just... just can't... look you see..."

"You're married and there are people you know around here who might get the wrong idea. Don't worry about it I'll move on and leave you to find your other friend again." With that he did, leaving feeling frustrated and embarrassed.

I waited alone for perhaps twenty minutes before Ruth appeared and having clearly already chatted to Matt gave me a quick hug and told me if I wanted I could find Marie and leave her with Marcus. I declined but she insisted so I gave her a kiss and wandered about for a while before giving up and going home. That night I had a bit of a fantasy about Matt, nothing huge but some naughty thoughts.

It was nearly three weeks later that Ruth suggested we go to a club some distance from home. I wasn't keen since it was a long way and a taxi would cost a fortune but she said she'd drive so after a short debate I gave in.

I drove to her place to get ready only that night not only did Ruth dress hotter than I could remember, she was keen for me to follow suit by changing into one of her new dresses. It was short with a flared, lacy over-skirt and top and it looked very sexy although it was tame compared to Ruth's, which was short and really tight. She had on dark sheer tights that accentuated her long legs and made even me stare at her.

After a brief discussion I gave in, to be honest I loved the dress and although it showed a huge amount of leg I thought I'd look good in it without being quite as attention seeking as Ruth. Having dressed, we left for the club listening to music and singing away on the hour-long drive.

We stopped for a drink and I was not surprised to see many heads turn to look our way as Ruth showed a lot of herself. Just before we went to the club I mentioned that she was definitely sending out signals tonight only she smiled and said so would I be..

In the nightclub we danced for a while and I noticed that the skirt of my dress rose up constantly so that I was actually showing more leg than Ruth if that were possible. After I'd had several drinks (Ruth was on orange juice) I was very chilled and when Marcus appeared with friend in tow I took it in my stride. Ruth greeted him with a deep kiss and before I could do anything else Matt had kissed me, keeping it brief but pointedly intimate.

I gave Ruth daggers looks but despite that we all danced for a while until leaving the floor for a break when Matt began to chat to me casually again. He was again charming and I felt that stir once more especially as I realised there was nothing in my way except of course my marriage vows.

He was a real master and spent ages stripping away my defences until I was laughing and joking with him as his arm slid round my waste. We danced again then back for more drinks only this time with Ruth and Marcus entwined we talked for a while then with his hands on my hips he pulled me to him and we kissed deeply.

So at this point I should have stopped him but of course I didn't and we spent ages kissing before we broke away and with a laugh looked at Marcus and Ruth who were both grinning as well. We danced some more then during the next round of kissing Marcus suggested we all leave together.

Here's the thing; we were miles and miles from home, Ruth had now had a few drinks herself and confessed she wasn't in a state to drive home so the guys suggested we go with them to which Ruth said a quick yes.

I guess I was really drunk by then because I didn't argue when we walked a short way to a taxi rank and got in although the cost of a cab ride home would be ridiculous. It was actually a short journey and we piled out while Matt paid, as he was in the front, and that was when I looked up and realised we were at a hotel.

"Come on inside." Marcus said leading Ruth through the front door Matt and I following behind my head telling me I was being stupid, my body was saying very different things. Five minutes later I'm standing in the doorway of a room with Matt, Ruth next door with Marcus, knowing that I had to say enough at that precise moment before I became an adulteress however Matt was again ahead of me and showered me with kisses before leading me to the bed where I fell with him and it began.

He massaged my sex through my tights and panties as I murmured no but it was in vain, I didn't mean it and all too soon I was slick with my own juices. He had his fingers inside me in minutes and then as I lay looking at the ceiling wondering if I could go through with this he went down on me and all thoughts of stopping left me.

His mouth worked on me; I love oral sex and get very aroused when Kevin does it to me, so I was soon reaching a climax. He continued to bring me back to a state of high arousal before he suddenly climbed on me and I felt his cock nudging the entrance to my married sex. I'd not even seen him undress but as he pushed into me I looked down at his bare chest and saw the monster that was working its way into me.

"Oh shit!" I remember saying as I glanced his manhood which was so very different to Kevin's being significantly longer and thicker plus the curve of Matt's cock showed that it was rock hard something my husband's wasn't always. Now I sound heartless but I don't mean to be, Kevin was a nice man and was ok in bed but this was different.

Matt smiled as he began to push into me and as he worked himself inside he mentioned that considering I was married I was really tight. I groan and moaned as he slowly drove in deeper and then my first vaginal orgasm hit me. I've been told that not everyone experiences climaxes and that some women don't have different types but I do and the ones I get from oral sex are different and less intense than the ones from deep within me.

Kevin had given me countless oral ones but the deep ones didn't always happen yet here I was having a vaginal climax while the man was still getting into me. Matt continued to work deeper and was now pulling out a little before pushing in further each gentle thrust. I still find it hard to believe that this was still just called sex since it was so much better than anything I'd had with my husband.

Soon Matt was deeper than Kevin had ever been but went further in until I was completely full with his manhood. He rested in me looking at me as my hands roamed over his back then he began to make love to me. I climaxed after a few minutes and again shortly after that. Before long I was bucking frantically as he drove harder into me and we worked together for a while until I felt him getting close and we went at it hard as he came, driving me to what was my greatest orgasm. I actually yelled as he ejaculated in me then clung to him my womb convulsing as I slowly, reluctantly came down from my greatest high.

I realised I was still in my dress which was creased and wet with our combined sweat, still, I thought, it was actually Ruth's not mine. After that I had to do the hardest thing of my life, locked myself in the bathroom and Phoned Kevin. He didn't answer so I told him I was too drunk to get home and would call in the morning. I then sent a text to his mobile and prayed he wouldn't wake early and pop over to Ruth's to see how I was.

I decided to shower, I was sweaty and slick with Matt's cum so jumped into wash myself clean only Matt was soon with me and he began to seduce me once more. I loved looking at his chiselled body as he kissed me then he turned me to face the wall and entered me from behind and as I stood braced against the shower wall, he hammered into me for a few minutes before turning off the water and drying me as he made love again, something that was both strange yet very erotic


Once back in the bedroom he placed my legs around his waist and slid in deep then he used long but very hard thrusts into me until I was grunting loudly as he worked me over. It was so good I climaxed twice more before he realised I was exhausted and he stopped despite not having cum for a second time. He turned down my offer of a blow job saying we should sleep and make love again in the morning.

The next day I woke with a hangover and a huge guilt complex but that was soon dispelled as Matt got to work on me and once I responded he mounted me and we made love for almost an hour until I'd reached my third climax and he his first.

We dressed and left the room seeking Marcus and Ruth. They were up and dressed so we checked out then went for breakfast before finding the cars and saying our goodbyes. Once we were on our way Ruth glanced at me then said; "Well?"

"What?" I replied playing dumb.

"The best sex of your miserable life!"

"My life is not miserable... but yes!" I laughed. "He was... well, just... er... fantastic!"

"I know."

"How?" I said staring at Ruth in shock.

She laughed at my expression. "No! I didn't do both of them, but I met Matt the week after Marcus, he was doing something else that night, so I went with him instead and it was just wonderful. I can tell you Matt's probably the better lover but Marcus is less demanding."

"What do you mean by that?" I quizzed her.

"Matt stayed over all Saturday and was insatiable. To be frank by the time he left I was bow-legged!" She giggled. "Marcus is great but a little more understanding. Anyway they are both the best lovers in the world and I can tell you that before last night Matt was on and on about you so he'll be back for more."

"Not that he'll get it!" I responded. "I was stupid last night and it was wrong. It's a one time affair which you better not tell a soul about or I'll never speak to you again!"

"Lips are sealed but don't kid yourself, you loved it last night and it won't be the last time by a long way! Besides there are also plenty of other fish in the sea and now you've got a taste for dark meat, as the saying goes there's no going back!"

"What?" I asked confused.

"You know the old saying; once you go black you never go back, and it's true. I'm never going back and while you've got no choice, next time Kevin makes love to you you'll be making comparisons which won't do him any favours."

I went to protest but she shushed me.

"Listen to me. I'm only saying what will happen. Kevin's sweet but you can be so hot and you now have needs he can't scratch. Matt will definitely want to see you again and rather than do this bloody long drive I suggest you come over for a meal at mine and we can party with the boys after."

"Sorry to disappoint you but I can't and won't. I love Kevin and while I'll admit last night..."

"And this morning!"

"...ok and this morning, were great, I still don't want to risk hurting Kevin."

"I have no intention of telling him so relax. We can have sex with the boys at my place and you can still go home to your husband at the end of the night. Who knows it might actually help your marriage."

"How exactly?"

"I've read a lot of stories about how women become more sexual when they are being sexed by black men and their husbands actually benefit from their higher libido. Also I suspect Kevin isn't a three times a night guy like Matt so you will soon need much more than he can offer and thankfully you have a solution to that little problem!" I couldn't think of what to say to this so kept quiet for a while.

Once back at her flat I phone Kevin only to find him out, he answered his mobile and apologised saying he was with one of his mates in a pub. My guilt diminished as he asked me if I minded if he went to watch a live game of football later that day and when I said ok he added that he might go for a curry after if that was ok. I told him I'd be at Ruth's and hung up.

Thinking back if Kevin had been home or available to me then things might have been different however having relayed the conversation to Ruth she immediately phone the guys and then turned to me with a grin and let me know that they would be over later that afternoon.

From that afternoon on, I was a changed woman. Firstly Matt, as Ruth had suggested, was a great deal more demanding this time, not that he wasn't attentive or overly rough, he was just insatiable. He also got me to have sex with him in many different positions; on all fours, standing up, legs over my shoulders and riding him as he sat in Ruth's lounge. I climaxed many, many times and it was clear to everyone (Ruth and Marcus watched us make love several times) that not only was Matt's stamina colossal I was soon just as insatiable as he was.

By ten o'clock that night I'd been making love with Matt on and off for over six hours and he'd cum in me four times. I left only because Ruth forced me to, pointing out that I might be willing to toss my marriage away at that moment because of a big black cock but Matt wasn't a guy who would be around for long and then were would I be! Her words hit home so I hastily showered them after a protracted goodbye, which Ruth broke up (lest we end up back in bed) I left for home.

Kevin wasn't home when I got back so I changed into my jeans and sat in bed watching something on TV my mind was still spinning over the past 24 hours. I was now concerned that despite the shower Kevin would somehow know that I'd been unfaithful but in the end my exertions caught up with me and I fell asleep to be woken by my drunk husband around midnight.

It was ok the following day, my husband was asleep when I got up and I was dressed and out before nine to get to my Palates class. It was just a little awkward when I got back because I went to shower then spotted a bite mark Matt had left me, on my neck, which while not large was quite visible. Thankfully Kevin's hangover meant he was self preoccupied so I was able to dress so it didn't show but I flushed every time I thought of it since everyone at the class must have noticed.

I slowly regained my equilibrium that day and by the evening I was moderately guilty of what I'd done and felt sorry for the hurt it would cause Kevin if he ever found out. That night I guess I was extra cautious since the mark was still obvious and I knew Kevin would discover it if I wasn't careful. 

It was later that week that Kevin made love to me and within minutes I realised it simply wasn't the same. He wasn't as long, as wide or as hard as Matt plus he came after about ten minutes before I'd had a climax. I'd already sworn I would never repeat what I did but that brief unsatisfactory session made me change my mind.

Kevin and I were out that weekend but I phoned Ruth the following day and after a brief chat she asked pointedly if I wanted to see Matt again. I replied I was scared to since I'd gone way over the top with him but Ruth simply said that as long as I didn't do anything too stupid it should be fine. So basically we arranged to meet again at Ruth's the following week, on the Wednesday when Kevin was out.

That night I didn't even bother to hide what I wanted and asked Ruth to borrow her tight dress which I wore on its own! No bra, tights or even knickers. When Matt arrived he simply grinned at me then pointed out my bare sex to Marcus. As if they'd planned it (I really don't think they had) they then sat either side of me and with Ruth telling them to `go for it' the both began to touch me up.

I was soon kissing Marcus as Matt pushed his fingers into me then with barely a pause my dress was off and my head was directed into Matt's lap. It was moments later I was directed onto my knees and with the cock still in my mouth Marcus worked his own cock inside me. He felt like Matt except he didn't have such a pronounced curve but was just as long. He held my waist as he hammered into me before I hit a massive climax and had to let go of Matt as I yelled.

I had two climaxes with Marcus before he stopped and Matt switched places with him. It was Matt who came in me first as he was already excited from the oral sex but Marcus was only seconds behind and I tasted a black man's cum for the first time.

Ruth then joined us and we went to her bed and lay kissing, petting and sucking until we were side-by-side with the boys moving from one to another every few minutes. I came again before Ruth had her first then while Marcus and she had a break I sucked Matt hard again then rode him to my forth climax. That night I left knowing there was no going back this time, I simply couldn't deny myself this pleasure any longer.

As Ruth had predicted I only saw Matt once more after which he moved on in case I got too serious. Thankfully Ruth was happy facilitate with my further exploits and Marcus was happy produced another friend for me to meet.

The guy was ok, not a looker like Matt nor anywhere as accomplished at seduction either however I wanted a black cock and I got it. He gave me a climax which was great and I left for home happy. I saw him again twice more before moving on to another of his black mates who didn't really compare sexually to the others but I liked him and he still managed to get me off after a bit of work.

It was Ruth who suggested I try a contact site and that was how if found Dylan. Matt had been perfect for me being both big and demanding so when I did a search and found several men boasting that they were both well hung and inexhaustible while I knew it was just boasts I decided to try them one by one.

The first was, as expected a prick. Not only did he not live up to his sexual boasts; he was so cocky he started talking about ridiculous things he would do with me yet struggled to give me a much needed orgasm, he wasn't anywhere near as big as he claimed and seemed uncertain of how to act at times. I actually welcomed Kevin's advances the following night as he was if anything better.

Dylan was different. From the outset he took control explaining that I'd made contact with him so I clearly wanted him to fulfil the promises he'd given during our email chat. He insisted I suck him in my car the moment we met and when I got out his big hard cock I knew he was going to be the one.

We drove to a lay-by only half a mile from my home and he got me to remove my knickers before climbing on him as he sat in the passenger seat. I was aware people might recognise the plates on my car but it was a thrill to do it so close to Kevin that I didn't think of saying no. Once we started I realised he was quite a bit bigger than Matt and as it soon turned out a lot more demanding.

From the outset he called me names; slut, tart, married bitch none of which did anything except get me hotter. Then as I hit my second climax he held my waist and told me he was going to turn me into a whore and I came so hard I felt my whole insides convulse.

I went home that night minus my knickers, my sex very, very open with the remains of his cum still dropping down my thighs yet I felt no guilt as I slipped into the bathroom before Kevin could see me.

Dylan then did something I'd never considered; he took me in public. We went to a club, thankfully a few miles away, and made out on the dance floor then much later he actually had sex with me in the far corner, me riding him as people sat around watching. It was the best sex ever and my orgasm was more intense than anything that came before.

A girl even came over to me (she was very drunk) and gave me a French kiss telling me to go for it as if I needed any more encouragement! After that Dylan got me to dress for him which meant after a time I looked more like a prostitute than a married woman.

He fucked me at will; in my car, cinema toilets, behind pubs and clubs and after a few months my own bed. One Saturday Kevin left for a football match early since it was an hour away by train and Dylan appeared an hour later while I sat waiting in a ridiculously short skirt, mesh top and heeled boots. He insisted I greet him at my own door with a kiss then once inside he presented me with a present.

The knickers said BBC lover and the vibrator was a foot long. In addition there was a DVD which showed pictures of white women and black guys on the cover. He got me to play this and I watched as a string of white couples succumbed to black men. It was called `Black Bulls and White Couples' and Dylan casually pointed to one of the scenes and I realised it was him with a woman of around forty. 

He then told me he wanted Kevin and me to join his `club' which was me fucking him with Kevin's help and permission. He explained that once we'd been broken in he'd use me the way I really wanted. When I asked him what he meant he said I was already a whore (I'd let him know about my previous activities) so the next step was to get money doing it. This was stupid but got me hot and we fucked silly for an hour after this.

When we were taking a break he then added that the responsibility of a bull was to use the wife as often as possible and to make her realise she really was a prostitute for black cock. He added that eventually I'd be doing the men he brought round at least until I had a baby.

I looked at him and let him know Kevin and I were not rushing that even though I was almost thirty three. Dylan laughed at this and explained that I wouldn't have any say in this and that Kevin would not be the father as I would soon become black-only.

By this time I was under him again and his words were driving me on and once he said this I bucked and he laughed and said I wanted it to happen then he went at me really hard until I was on the verge of another climax and he asked me if I'd let him cum inside me without protection and yelled yes!

After that it was my duty to begin to work on Kevin; at first it was whispered conversation about other men then more specifically about the rumours about black men. I did this most nights for weeks until I moved totally to the interracial theme and soon we were having fantasy conversations about sex with black people.

Of course being a man he was easily led down this path and before long I was getting him to describe how big black guys would pick me up and fuck me. Then it was only a short step to watching interracial porn which included the Black Bull DVDs. It was so hot getting Kevin to tell me how great I'd look fucking one of the bulls when of course the man on the screen was between my legs several times a week already.

Dylan nearly ruined it when he got me to push Kevin too far; when I suggested we try to make it happen one weekend and Kevin became difficult but thankfully I dodged the bullet by making a fuss of my husband and he let it slide.

Of course once mentioned I was actually a step further forward and stated it again as we were both close to a climax when watching another DVD. I deliberately ignored the reply, which was less firm and pretended like the conversation never happened.

A few days later I wore some sexy gear out, letting Kevin see me flirt a little but not too much at first as he got used to his wife acting sexy in public.

Finally after almost four months we were watching interracial material several times a week (all involving married women and dominant black men and most especially cuckolded husbands who never got to indulge) and I'd flirted with guys in front of Kevin probably on at least a dozen occasions.

Then he was finally ready.

I got him hot watching a DVD of a wife being taken by a really big bull as the husband watched, then once Kevin was ready to cum (and therefore very turned on) I asked him if we could really try it to `see what the fuss was about'. Thankfully he groaned a yes and this time I replied with a thank you.

The following day we went to a club where Dylan waited for us and after a drink I flirted as I'd done for the past few weeks. Dylan then approached and we pretended to simply be strangers attracted to each other which eventually led to some hot dancing in front of Kevin then finally a deep meaningful kiss.

I walked Dylan to Kevin and introduced him and as my husband stood rather foolishly I gave my black lover a deep French kiss watching Kevin out of the corner of my eye as I did so. We danced some more then I came back and asked him if we could get a taxi back home.

I sat between the two men running my hand over their cocks then pretended to be surprised by the size of Dylan's manhood and whispered into Kevin's ear that it was really big. Poor Kevin paid the taxi as I stood by the front door kissing Dylan and once he came up to us I suggested he open the door so that my `new lover' could get me to bed.

Dylan made love to me for an hour and a half that night before he came in me with Kevin watching from a chair. I was very pleased to see my husband ejaculate twice so knew he wasn't about to jump me, not that Dylan would have let him, and I lay back telling Kevin that it was the best sex of my life and then added that I'd hoped he'd enjoyed me doing it for him!

Dylan then made sure he spent ages taking me again so that Kevin finally fell asleep in the chair then all we did was slip away to the spare room where we made love again. That was the first morning Kevin woke with his wife in another bed with another man.

After that he was very quiet and I knew well enough to pretend it hadn't happened so he could cope with it. Of course I got the DVDs out the next Tuesday and that Friday we were at the same club with the same result. This time Dylan was bolder and I more compliant so that we were making out both in the club and in the taxi home. I my husband watched as he slowly pushed is beautiful black cock deeper into me than he had ever been and we began to fuck. Became vocal as his manhood stretched me and brought me to my first climax and then I gave Kevin a commentary about how deep my new lover was and how much better too. Finally with a yell Dylan clled for me to take his seed and we both came at the same time. I then asked Kevin to leave us because Dylan wouldn't share me with a white man and I then made sure I was very vocal as he took me for another hour.

Kevin was now reeling from this and to make sure he didn't have a chance to recover Dylan visited that Tuesday and took me on all fours in front of Kevin. I even got Kevin to say how sexy I looked with a huge black guy fucking me. Again that Saturday Dylan came over and we had sex in front of Kevin only this time I dressed like a tramp and talked very dirty then I wanked Kevin insisting he tell me how much he liked me fucking black men which despite himself he did.

Kevin only tried once to curb me and that was the following week when he asked if we could have a chat about what was going on but I knew that while he was upset watching me fuck he was now used to it and the interracial sex thing. I played on this more or less getting him to admit that firstly he got off on it and that it had been his idea (which he thought it was). I also made him (by sexually teasing him into the confession) admit that Dylan was a much better lover and that I deserved to be sexed by a bull.

It was just two weeks after this that we watched a DVD of a wife and her bull during which she put her man in a cock-cage and looking at Kevin I said in a knowing way that I guessed he'd like that. He did say no but I pretended I thought it was a `no means yes' and then I teased him so that he got close three or four times before giving release as I stated how good it felt being married woman with a black bull.

So we moved forward again and the very next weekend Kevin watched me dress like a tramp before Dylan came over and took me out. He took me to a club where I showed a lot of myself before we went back to his apartment where we had sex and I woke in his bed for the first time. I didn't return home until the following afternoon minus my knickers (which meant I was showing more or less everything to anyone who happened to be watching closely) and greeted Kevin with a big kiss and let him know loudly that Dylan had `fucked me like he never could'.

So we were at the final stage and the very next weekend Dylan appeared on the Friday and that was when I put Kevin in his cage. He wasn't thrilled but I guess he was more or less broken in by then so let me put it on although I don't think he realised how it would feel and that it really was impossible to remove (I'd hinted they were more for show). He then lay in our bed next to me as we woke him so we could have sex and I was very vocal and even held Kevin's hand as my lover fucked me as hard as he could. Despite his pleading I made Kevin wear the cage all night and only took it off him, in front of Dylan once he'd agreed that he'd wear it every time I was with my bull.

Two weekends later Dylan came over to stay and from Friday evening until Monday morning Kevin was locked up as I had sex with Dylan continually. It was that weekend that I let my husband know I thought it best we stopped sex for `a while', I agreed to play with him (no oral) but that was it. We had an invite to one of his friend's birthday party the next week and I agreed we should go but when the evening arrived I insisted Dylan come too and then after a bit of an argument got the cock-cage on Kevin and off we went.

It was the hottest evening ever as we chatted to old friends, my husband caged while Dylan touched me up every so often before we forced Kevin to stand guard by an upstairs bedroom as we had sex. I returned to the party with my bulls cum over my thighs and danced with Kevin feeling his cage against my stomach as we danced. I kept teasing him about it and the fact that Dylan was the only real man in my life. When it got really late I danced with Dylan in front of people although I just about kept it polite before getting Kevin to stand guard again as I blew my lover. This time someone came up and we had to separate so I simply forced Kevin to kiss me (tasting my lovers cum) until the guy had gone then finished my lover off before getting Kevin to drive us home.

Eventually of course Dylan grew bored with me and began to push us further and further down the sub-lifestyle. He got a friend to share me as Kevin watched, took us to a club and got me to pick up and fuck a stranger then he arranged for me to have a group fuck with five men. This was really hot as they were both very demanding and crude making me feel like a whore and yet giving me so much pleasure I was on a high all night. After it was over I lay with my sex simply awash with cum as Kevin was instructed to clean me up with hot water and a towel. Finally Dylan got me to sleep with a few men who paid him for me and that was surprisingly a very hot experience knowing that I had really worked as a prostitute.

It was over a year into my new lifestyle that he told me I needed to have a baby. Just him saying it made me hotter than hell and I never said no. I was on the pill which was easy to overcome and after three weeks of condoms the men stood by as I flirted with a guy at a club then having been given the nod from Dylan I had unprotected sex with him in the back of our car. There followed a string of men (Dylan didn't do me without a condom because he said he didn't want me accusing him of being the `bastard's' father) who were all dark skinned. Dylan got me to fuck several Asian men as well as black guys.

Then I met a Somali guy who was so black he made Dylan look almost pale and that was when my bull insisted I start seeing the guy. Over the next three months I shared my bed with Dylan one night and Henry the next (that was his adopted name) as Kevin watched. Finally I missed my period and it was done. Dylan then began to fuck me without condoms having told Henry it was over and I waited for the bulge to show. Dylan stopped seeing me when I was six months gone but it didn't matter as I was uncomfortable and sex wasn't high on my wish list. Before that however we spent months training Kevin ;it was a mixture of sexual teasing and the continual viewing of sex tapes and websites until he finally consented to eat me after Dylan had unloaded in me. We'd started by him `getting me ready' but now it was helping to sooth me after.

The baby was, as Dylan had hoped, very black and a shock to family and friends. Of course by then Kevin was so compliant to my needs he was the one helping to give me relief when I needed and was actually the first to give me a climax after the birth, with his tongue. Once I'd got my figure back (it took much longer than I'd expected) I began to go out again only now Kevin was properly trained. He would strip and offer up to be caged then help me dress like a slut. Sometimes I would get him to warm me up with his mouth but not always. He would dress and drive me to a club, bar or party and wait for me. Then he would drive me and my mate for the evening back to wherever we wanted to go. 

If it is home he will relieve the babysitter then wait for me to fuck my lover before taking him home. When he returns if I feel in the mood I will get him to eat me out if not we just sleep together, him in the cage. If it is another man's place he will drop me off then go home to wait for me to call.

Occasionally I get a bit out of hand and do more than one man and then usually I insist he clean me up with his mouth. I love the fact that my caged husband is eating the cum of several strangers from his adulterous wife's pussy and I often cum.

Kevin is so compliant now that he has agreed to have a Vasectomy even though he knows I intend to have more children. I adore this lifestyle. Finally I must add that only last week I did the one thing I'd not done up until then and that was have two men a once, front and back, actually it hurt like hell at first but by the end I would have fucked all night if they'd had the energy! So girls, if you're reading this then you're curious - go for it and you'll never regret it although your husband might!


PS. Thank you The_EdiTor for helping with this story; it was a bit rough and not very ready when I handed it over.
