Mark was nervous. In his own office he was never nervous, yet today he was. He found himself sitting behind his own desk waiting for the door to open and his mouth was dry and he could feel tension in his jaw. It wasn't too late to change the course of the next few minutes he told himself, but even as he considered backing out of his scheme, his office door opened and the reason for his jittery thoughts walked in.
His secretary Janet was at first glance an unremarkable young lady. Perhaps approaching 30 she always dressed stylishly but simply for the office. Today she was in a classic white blouse and dark skirt, her dark brown hair tied back in a ponytail and the fairly heavy frames of her reading glasses gave her a quiet studious look. If you took the time to look more closely (as Mark often had) you would see that there might be more to Janet than first impressions suggest.
For a start the figure under the office clothing was curvaceous to say the least. Janet often belted her tiny waist quite tightly and this made the most of her curves, emphasising that waist, but also the roundness of her rear and the ample breasts that filled the office-appropriate blouses that she wore in a variety of pastel colours and fabrics. Her makeup was always perfectly applied, just short of too much but the heavy eyeshadow and glossy lips had often distracted Mark during work hours.
Then there was her smirk. It wasn't her fulsome smile that he found attractive as much as the slight smirk that turned the corners of her mouth up at the ends when someone said something amusingly stupid in a meeting (a fairly common occurrence in this company). That smirk told him that Janet had a sense of humour and was far more intelligent than many of the office staff around her.
Their relationship during the few months that Janet had worked as his secretary and PA had been formal and business-like. She always called him 'Mr Roberts' or 'Sir' and it had taken him weeks to discover that her home life was quiet and that she lived alone in a flat not too far from work. She on the other hand had been briefed on arrival by the Human Resources department about her new boss. Mark, in his 40s, was a widower who rarely socialised with colleagues and was regarded as a loner.
"Sit down Janet" he said, working to get the words out from his dry mouth. "I wanted to have a sort of review of our work together to see if we could improve things around here."
Janet sat down opposite him on one of the two chairs on her side of his desk. She frowned slightly and said quietly "Is my work satisfactory sir?"
"Oh don't worry Janet!" he reassured her "There is no criticism of your work at all, I just want to..." He paused. The voice in his head was saying that he should stop right now and abandon his plan by making up another excuse for calling her in, but his libido and his stiffening cock hidden from Janet by the desk pushed him on.
"I just want to..." he said again "Consider a sort of bonus scheme that I hoped might appeal to you."
Janet looked blankly at him. She had been working for Mark for several months and had never heard of a 'bonus' scheme for office staff in the company. What exactly did he have in mind?
"A man has needs..." he began haltingly, this was already not going well. His opening was like a pretty lame line from a cheap novel "...I wondered if you might consider..." "...there'd be a bonus"
If he'd been looking directly at Janet he'd have seen the smirk. The curling of the ends of her lips as she worked out exactly what this 'bonus' scheme entailed and just how embarrassed Mark was to be even making the suggestion.
"What?!!" Janet cut Mark short. Her voice was strident, but not loud. "You are proposing a very inappropriate scheme Mr Roberts?!" "You are suggesting that you'd pay me to meet your 'man's needs'?" She was far more in control than Mark realised. He just thought that Janet had lost her temper and that his gamble of broaching the subject had failed miserably.
Janet continued "You'd expect me to come in here whenever you called and unzip your flies to suck your cock, or give you a tit-wank or a hand-job? Maybe to bend over your desk once in a while to satisfy your 'needs' by letting you thoroughly screw me? You'd probably want me to start dressing like a tart to the office? Maybe stockings and heels every day to help with your 'man's needs' ...and for how much?!"
Mark was still hearing the outrage and his mind was racing to come up with some form of damage limitation. If the company Directors found out about this conversation his career was dead.
He hadn't seen the smirk and he didn't realise he was being played with. If he'd thought about Janet's slightly over explicit outburst he might have seen that she was warming to the idea of a relationship and indeed that her final "and for how much?" was perhaps the start of a negotiation.
"Well?" Janet said. Mark looked at her dumbly. "What 'bonus' were you going to suggest?" Janet said. "I thought maybe £400 a month?" Mark mumbled "for perhaps one office meeting a week?"
"That's only £100 a time!" Janet answered "Do you take me for a cheap tart?! Mark I'm insulted and dismayed that you'd think I'd enter such an arrangement." He missed the fact that she had called him Mark for the first time ever instead of Mr Roberts or Sir.
"If this scheme is going to work it will cost you far more than £400 a month." Her words hit Mark like a bolt from the blue. He realised that she was saying that he really could possibly have her.
"We'll have to be far more organised than you seem to be at present. For a start it will cost you £1,000 a month plus presents and hotel fees. I'm not kneeling on an office carpet for you, and me being rogered on that desk isn't going to happen either. I want nice presents and we'll use decent hotels so it could cost you £1200 - £1500 a month."
"Can you afford this?" she asked, and when he nodded she continued "I am going to take charge of this arrangement. I control your diary so I will schedule our hotel 'meetings' whenever it suits me. You won't know which meetings are away from the office until the day arrives. The anticipation will be good for you. I will not commit to a meeting each week so that I can occasionally make you wait just a couple of days or perhaps a couple of weeks. You'll drive in to the office each day wondering if today's the day. Is that acceptable?"
"Yes Janet" Mark said. He was on a high, having thought the meeting had gone so badly wrong to find it now going better than he could have imagined.
"Now Mark I want you to leave the office early and buy me a gift on your way home" Janet said "I want some pearls. A short necklace of quite large pearls, just longer than choker length, perhaps one string or maybe several strands? Don't be cheap, I want quality" she added decisively.
The next morning Mark called Janet into his office. She was wearing a silk satin blouse in very pale blue and she looked fabulous. Mark wondered if she knew it was his favourite blouse. He asked her to sit and slid a red leather necklace case across his desk towards her. Janet smiled a big open smile and said "For me?!!" in complete mock surprise at the gift. She opened the box and was far more sincere when she said that the pearls were genuinely fabulous. They were a double string of large 10mm pearls, perfectly matched and with a gold clasp. She didn't know that Mark had blown nearly £1,300 on the pearls, but she recognised quality and that Mark was committing to their new arrangement.
"Now Mark my idea is that you'll never know which meetings are fictitious in your diary, but you will learn the days that I have a room booked when you get into the office because on those days I'll be wearing my pearls. The pearls will be our signal. It amuses me to think how enthusiastically you'll check me out each day and how badly you'll be distracted from your work on the days I'm wearing them, knowing what's to come later in the day.
"What kind of sex do you want?" said Janet looking straight into his eyes.
"Ugh?!!" said Mark. He was completely taken aback by the question and had no idea how to answer.
Janet's lips curled up at the edges and he saw the smirk that he found so fascinating. "Are you interested in me taking total control in a Femdom sort of way? Are you interested in role play? If so, what scenarios? Or do I dress as a porn star to fuck your brains out each time we meet up? I need to know what you meant by your 'man's needs' so that I can set things up properly.
Mark was dumbfounded. He'd vaguely thought of an office fumble once a week with Janet, but here he was being given all sorts of options that had never occurred to him as possible in reality. It was also dawning on him that Janet was far more experienced than he had ever imagined his quiet and 'unremarkable' secretary to be.
Janet cut into his thoughts. "Pass me your laptop" she said "I'll have a look at your search history to see what porn you choose to seek out and take it from there." Mark went red with embarrassment in an instant, but handed the laptop over without saying a word. Janet carried the machine out to her own office.
Behind his desk Mark's cock had been rock hard since Janet had explained the use of the pearls as a signal and he knew that he was going to go along with anything she said from now on. Especially since she was about to open his laptop and discover how often the words 'Femdom' 'satin' 'milf' and 'jerk off instruction' appeared in his search history.
An hour or so later a smiling Janet returned to his office. Her beaming smile of triumph told him that she'd been through his laptop and now knew his dirty little secrets.
"Well Mark I started to make a list of your fetishes, but ran out of paper!" she joked. "I have plenty to go on don't I?" She held Mark's gaze and slowly licked her lips in a very seductive manner "Your search history was quite enlightening, but I really liked the file hidden under the innocuous name Meeting Notes." Mark turned red again. How on earth did she find that? He thought. 'Meeting Notes' was full of images he'd downloaded on a particular theme and if Janet had seen the contents of that file he knew he could be in trouble. "I... Perhaps..." stammered Mark trying to think of a way to explain but it was too late. Janet knew it all.
"I want you to cancel your subscriptions to the three paid porn sites" said Janet "and no masturbation from now on. I'm in control and I don't want to find you're a 'spent force' on any particular day that I want to make demands on you. Are we agreed Mark?"
"Err... Yes Janet" was all that Mark could say. His cock was uncomfortably rigid under his desk and he really needed to readjust himself, but he couldn't help asking "Did you really look in the 'Meeting Notes' file Janet?"
"Never mind that now" Janet said, raising one eyebrow, "Let's just get on with our work shall we? The next time we speak of this will be after you've seen me in those wonderful pearls." She flashed her eyes, beamed a smile, and with that Janet turned and left.
The next day started just as Janet had predicted. Mark couldn't wait to see her and stare intently at her to see if she was wearing the pearls. She wasn't of course. It would have been far too soon to start their arrangement and Janet wanted to really ramp up the anticipation in Mark. Besides, his fetish list meant that there were a few things she needed to get hold of before their first offsite meeting. She was however wearing stockings that day and she made sure that he knew it by whispering the fact before patting his crotch discretely in the outer office. She knew exactly how he'd react and she wasn't disappointed. His cock was already huge! He had to go into his own office to rearrange things in his pants again!
Mark found himself staring at his online diary trying to work out which meeting might be fake in the next few days. He knew it had to be one of the longer ones, but could not tell when Janet was setting up their first offsite encounter. He did notice that the bank account he'd set up earlier with access for Janet had lost quite a lot of money. She had wasted no time in taking her bonus and some large additional expenses.
A few days had gone by with Mark becoming more and more obsessed with Janet and more and more frustrated at the lack of action. He had cancelled his porn sites as directed and dropped his habit of masturbating very early most mornings. The sense of anticipation was huge.
Each day he had raced into work and made sure to meet Janet as she arrived in order to check her out. Each day she slipped her coat off to reveal... a gold chain... a leather thong pendant... a silver locket... but not the pearls. She looked fabulous, with freshly done nails, a new hair style and always with perfect make up... but not the pearls.
Then came a Thursday. Mark had arrived early and was actually hanging about near Janet's desk when she walked in. She smirked a little and his heart raced at the sight. She stood square in front of him and unbuttoned her coat from the bottom up, reaching the top and opening it to reveal a blush-pink satin blouse and the pearls! Mark nearly fainted because so much blood rushed to his cock. His dreams were about to come true! He swallowed hard "My God Janet!" was all he could say.
"I think 'Goddess' might be more appropriate" she said handing Mark her coat to hang up for her. The power balance between them had shifted a lot in the last few days and it seemed natural for him to take her coat. He was still her boss, but they both knew who was actually in charge.
"The Davies meeting is fake." said Janet "The computer diary says you're taking him to lunch and holding talks at the restaurant, so I need to be there to take notes. That covers us both being out for the afternoon. I shall leave at 11.00 to get ready and you can leave at 12.00. I'll text you the hotel & room number at 12.00. Any questions?" Mark shook his head. "Good, then let's get on with our day".
As Janet had predicted, seeing her wearing the pearls meant that he could not concentrate on anything all morning. His raging hard on was becoming painful and he was playing over different sexual possibilities with Janet in his head. He couldn't get over the fact that she'd seen the 'Meeting Notes' file and knew his innermost fetish thoughts. Surely she wouldn't start there? he thought, surely she'd start slow and build up to the more adventurous scenarios later in their relationship? He only had a few hours to wait to find out.
At 11.00 he was in a meeting with a young lady from accounts when Janet came into his office to say "I'm off now Sir. I'll be with you for the Davies meeting later". Mark could see that smirk again and was sure that Janet had undone at least one more button of her blouse to show more of her cleavage and the pearls that she was wearing. He had to swallow to get "Fine Janet" out before she left. The young lady from accounts looked at him strangely, but he was sure that she had no idea what was planned for the afternoon. She was aware though that Mark wasn't really concentrating for the rest of their conversation.
At 12.00 he was alone in his office when his phone beeped for an incoming message. "Top right hand drawer of my desk" It said. "Put it on before leaving and then come to room 316 of the Excelsior Hotel. Don't be long, I'm waiting". Mark scrambled to the outer office and pulled open the drawer to find a padded envelope with 'Mark' written on it.
Inside the envelope he found a steel ring linked to thin leather straps. He knew exactly what it was and it told him a lot about the plans that Janet had made for their afternoon. He carried the envelope to the Men's Room.
He only just managed to get into the Arab Strap because his engorged penis would hardly fit through the metal ring and the leather straps were really tight and difficult to snap shut around his balls. However once it was on he felt fantastic. It was as if he were 'on show' to everyone he passed on his way from the building. He wasn't of course, as only he was aware of the device that he was wearing under his suit, but the feeling of having his cock and balls harnessed for Janet was fantastic.
He walked through the lobby of the Excelsior feeling sure that everyone knew why he was there, but by then he wouldn't have cared even if they had guessed. He reached the door of room 316 and paused.
He took a deep breath and pressed the buzzer.
The door clicked but didn't open, so he pushed it and entered the room. Janet had stepped back from the entrance into the light of the room and she looked fabulous! Mark was mesmerised by what he saw.
Janet was standing before him. The high heeled shoes strapped at her ankles made her taller than him and gave her an air of authority. She was wearing stockings and suspenders but no skirt to hide them. She was still wearing the pale pink satin blouse he'd seen earlier, but now it was open down the front to reveal a tight laced white satin corset that really cinched in her waist and pushed her breasts upward. The pearls seemed to shine at her throat and with her hair up, heavy eye makeup and glossy red lips she looked all his fantasies rolled into one.
"Oh God!" Mark eventually said.
"I think I will insist on Goddess" Janet replied. "Call me Goddess" she instructed.
"Yes Goddess" said Mark... "May I?" he said drawing closer and putting his hand out to cup her breast.
"Yes Darling" said Janet. "Today we have the eager girlfriend experience or 'GFE' as your porn searches would have it, though on other days you may well be in for some BDSM at varying strengths and we both know that a session based on your 'Meeting Notes' file will be quite a challenge in the future... You just don't know when." She laughed quietly "But for today..." and she began to remove Mark's belt.
Janet had Mark naked in no time. He stood there in the Arab strap with his engorged penis at full mast and as hard as it had ever been. He didn't say anything as he was simply staring at the incredible vision before him.
"You like what you see?" said Janet gently mocking him. She stood close so that her perfume was having maximum impact and her hand was gently brushing the end of his manhood, making it twitch. She liked the involuntary reaction and did it all the more to tease him.
Without warning she knelt and began to blow on his penis. Her gentle tickling breath made him shiver and shook him out of his trance. He watched as her red glossy lips began to kiss his shaft from head to balls and then back again. Her tongue began to seek out the folds around the head of his cock before she began to draw him into her mouth, her hand beginning to fondle and massage his balls that were still trapped in the leather straps that held them separate and 'on show' for her.
He knew that he couldn't last long under this level of stimulation and was desperate both for Janet to continue and for her to stop so that he might fuck her. As if reading his mind Janet stopped her excellent blow-job and stood up, staring straight into her boss' face and said "Well it would be a shame to end this too soon... let's get on the bed".
She turned to let him see her from the rear as she let the satin blouse slip to the floor and walked over to the bed. From this angle her tightly corseted shape with the stockings and heels were ticking all sorts of boxes in Mark's mind and she knew that he was hers to control.
Janet lay on the bed and told Mark exactly what was expected of him. He was to lick her to orgasm and then he would get his reward.
This was Marks chance to shine. He knew he was good at this and began to use his tongue on the sweet folds that he found within Janet's well-trimmed bush. Janet found herself responding quickly and was very pleasantly surprised to discover Mark's oral skills. She came quickly in a shuddering climax that Mark loved to see and hear... but he didn't stop. Being very gentle and teasing her now very sensitive area he continued to make her build again to another all- consuming orgasm.  
Janet was impressed and delighted to discover that this relationship was going to be so good for both of them. 'A bonus scheme with a bonus' she thought to herself as she shuddered and quivered for a second time.
It took her a moment or two to get her breath back "Now for your reward" she smiled and pulled him up so that he lay on top of her in the classic missionary position.
Mark was in dreamland. He looked down at 'Goddess' Janet, still in her breast enhancing corset and stockings and with the pearls lying across her neck and simply leaned in, pushing his rigid manhood into her very wet and ever so willing pussy. They both sighed and both felt wonderful.
Janet's vagina gripped his cock and she pulled down slightly giving him the feeling of being milked by this sexy lady. He stared into her eyes, enjoying the sparkle he found there. He could feel her body beneath him, encased in the satin corset and with her nylon stockings rubbing against his legs he was in absolute heaven.
Mark began to move his shaft in and almost out before pushing in again, slowly at first in an attempt to make the moment last, and then picking up the pace until he could last no more and he finally exploded inside Janet, who was writhing beneath him in genuine pleasure. His orgasm, built over so many days of anticipation, seemed to last ages and when it was finished and he was completely spent he slumped beside her.
After a while Janet said "Well that concludes the agenda for this meeting Sir" and they both laughed.
Before leaving the room Mark turned to Janet and said "So next Thursday then?" but Janet wasn't going to be tricked into giving anything away. "You will know which day when you next see the pearls" she said, "and you won't know what lies in store until you reach the room.
"...And don't forget I know what's in your 'Meeting Notes' file" she added sweetly.