Vicky MILF

Her husband was away, and she called me at work.

"Can you play?" she asked in a sexy whisper. "Tomorrow afternoon?"

In a shaky voice, I assented. "Yes Vicky - what time?" My bottom tingled and my member became erect in my pants. I knew I'd have to stay seated at my desk for a while so it wouldn't show. She said to be at her house at 2 PM, and hung up.

I arranged to take the following afternoon off, and the bored housewife turned domme, known as Vicky MILF, occupied my thoughts for most of the day.

Part of her allure was that she didn't look severe, or dominant. She looked like a very attractive blonde late-thirties ordinary suburban wife who had enough time on her hands to stay fit and trim.

After an interminable wait, it was time to drive to her house for our appointment. I stripped as soon as I entered her house, a directive she made clear from my first session with her.

I stood anxiously awaiting her next instructions as my cock hardened. She stood in front of me, her penetrating green eyes staring into mine, her shoulder length hair impeccably turned under. Her hands on her hips, she smiled slightly. her lips were glossy.

"Go in my study and take your position for the paddle," she ordered. Her voice was never loud - it had an almost musical sensuality to it. Something about her total demeanor told me that she was to be obeyed.

"Yes, Vicky," I replied. She did not care for the title "Mistress", but insisted that I always use her name when I spoke to her.

Vicky's spankings were always hard. She wielded the paddle or strap with amazing force, and I frequently wondered why I kept going back to her for the sessions. I wondered, that is, until I got the reward for letting her take out her fantasies and frustrations on my bare bottom.

I bent over her desk, grasped the opposite side, and placed my feet apart. A couple of minutes later I heard her voice. "Try to take it better than you did last time, Rick. You kicked too much."

"Yes, Vicky." My voice quavered. I hoped I could do as she wanted.

She never told me how many strokes she intended to give me, and she never made me count them. She simply paddled until she decided to stop.

She grasped the hard wood paddle in one hand. With her free hand, she palpated my balls and gently stroked my cock. She always did that before a paddling.

When she touched to paddle to my bare bottom to gauge her position, I knew she was ready to begin. I tried to steel myself.

WHAM! The first swat landed. I gasped. Perhaps three seconds later, WHAM!

"OH!" I exclaimed as the heat added its sensation to that from the first swat.

WHAM! "UHHH!" ... WHAM! "OWWW!" 

Damn, she hits hard!

WHAM! "OH! Vicky!" 

She kept on while I valiantly struggled to keep from kicking or getting out of position. I didn't keep track of the count. I took stroke after stroke, interjecting a loud exclamation and supplication after each one. Finally I vigorously kicked one leg.

"Okay, five more. And take them without kicking!" Her voice betrayed her excitement.

I've got to stay in position for these.

I put all my will into taking them without kicking. Since she always gave the extra strokes faster, it was all the more difficult, but I did manage to keep passably still, though I shouted her name and pleaded with her to go easy.

I stayed bent over while she ran her hand over my blazing bottom. "I love spanking you," she breathed. "You know that, don't you? My pussy is hot."

Her pussy. That golden pussy of hers, the blonde mat of hair around it which absorbs and retains her scent. I love kissing and licking her pussy while inhaling the scent of her sex. I work on her pussy with fervor, which she likes. I love grasping her hips as her midsection trembles and convulses in orgasm.

My erection had subsided under the swats of the paddle. I knew that Vicky would bring it back, and then some. It was the "and then some" that always got me in more trouble.

"Okay - on the floor," Vicky instructed, and I hastened to lie face up on the carpet. She stood so her legs straddled me, and took off her top. When she removed her short skirt, she was naked - no panties.

She bent her knees until her pussy was just above my mouth. With her legs apart, her pussy lips opened and I saw her sticky cream. She giggled, and I put my mouth squarely on her delicious labia. I tasted her pussy with my tongue; I enthusiastically kissed it with my lips, and worked on her until she climaxed.

My cock was hard by then, and I followed her to her bedroom.

When she seated herself at the edge of the bed, she put her legs together so her fresh pussy juice would not seep, and had me stand in front of her with my hands behind me. She slightly puckered her lips and, with a feather light touch, stimulated my ball sac until I seeped pre-cum. My throbbing cock ached for relief, and she knew it. I groaned and squirmed.

When Vicky was satisfied that my desperate arousal had all but consumed me, she got on the bed and parted her legs.

"Enter me," she commanded.

My trembling hands parted her tasty labia and I worked my desperate aroused member inside her. I took care to be as gentle as I could. When I was in to the hilt, she put her legs together and had me get in full body contact.

My bottom was still warm from the effects of the severe paddling. All my senses were alive. I slowly pumped in and out a few times.

"I like how your cock fills me up," she said.

"Oh, Vicky!"

"Rick - don't cum yet. Don't cum until I tell you."

My cock already wanted to spurt wildly inside her.

"Yes, Vicky! I'm trying."

Vicky placed her hands behind her head, exposing another erogenous zone - her smooth-shaven armpits. "You may lick them," she whispered. She was not just giving me permission. It was a directive.

She moaned the instant I swiped my tongue in her armpit. I don't know why doing that excites me so much - maybe she emits pheromones. As I applied my tongue and mouth to her exposed underarms, she squirmed and wiggled.

"Vicky," I implored, "I can't -"

"Don't cum, Rick. Hold it back!"

I had been in the pre-ejaculation zone for a few seconds - the zone in which the slightest movement threatened to send me into a full spurting ejaculation. I wished I could stay in that zone indefinitely.

Hold it back, hold it back! Don't cum! It feels so good. I want to be in this state forever! Don't cum! Uh-oh!

I could not help but savor the sweet feeling of my aroused and engorged member far inside Vicky's womanhood, probing her well-lubricated inner grotto where it would be even sweeter to spill  in forceful spurts what I'd saved. Appreciating that feeling while looking into this blonde MILF's green eyes and seeing her glossy lips, was too much to withstand.

Vicky knew I had surrendered to it before my ejaculatory convulsions took hold. Her lips formed a slight amused smile as I heartily pumped and exclaimed in precious release. She kept still as I thrashed about and lustily spurted my seed deep into her pussy with total abandon.

I stayed inside her, and my arousal did not subside for a few minutes as I occasionally pumped to eject residual spurts of my sperm.

"Rick, I want you to clean my pussy with your mouth," she stated in a soft and firm voice. "Then I'll give you the strap."
???
The idea of sucking on Vicky's sperm-filled pussy seemed erotic, even delicious, when I was immersed in my orgasm. She had told me, the last time I visited, that if I ejaculated before she gave permission, that I would have to do that. After my intense orgasm and ejaculation, though, the idea seemed much less appealing. I knew I would go through with it, since intercourse with her is so sweet.

I slowly pulled out, though I would have loved to stay inside her longer. I crept down and got in the classic cunnilingus position. With my hands gripping her parted thighs just under her hips, I stared at her womanhood with its matted blonde hair, pouting labia and sperm - my sperm mixed with her natural creamy lubricant. My sperm began to ooze out, and I knew I had to start my cleanup task.

With fresh resolve, I swiped my tongue on her creamy slit several times and swallowed.

"Oh, Rick, that feels SO GOOD!"

She rocked her hips slightly - she could not keep still. I kissed her squarely on her pink flushed pussy lips. A few more kisses, and I sucked on her sensual womanly entrance. More sperm came out into my mouth.

"Oh, yes," she whispered, "Get all that sperm out of me! All that sperm that your impatient COCK spewed and squirted! OH!"

Vicky crested while I sucked on her sperm-filled snatch.

"Keep going! Get every drop!"

I saw her through two more incredible climaxes before she was satisfied. A few moments later we cuddled. She giggled as she stroked my member back to an erect state.

She looked into my eyes with her penetrating stare.

"I'm ready to strap your naughty bottom, Rick! Turn over, and stay in position."

The bed shook as I felt her get up to retrieve the leather instrument of correction.

Ten... Twenty... Thirty... Forty hard strokes of the leather strap, plus ten more for excessive squirming and kicking.

Then we lay front to front on the bed, our mouths and hands exploring, touching. My bottom was still livid from the severe strapping on top of the paddling. It didn't take long for Vicky to coax my eager member to an aroused state.

"Rick - it felt so good when you did my pussy. I want you to do that every time." Her tone told me that her mind was made up and there would be no dissuading her.

She lay back and spread her legs. My gaze immediately went to her midsection and her recently pleasured pussy. As if reading my desire, she said, "You may enter me. You must clean me afterward."

I could not resist. I slowly went in and she moaned. She put her hands behind her head and smiled in anticipation. A short while later I again ejaculated wildly inside her. When she giggled I knew she was ready, and I pulled out and gave her the pleasure she demanded.

At home that night, my bottom felt sore. I wondered if it was worth it. When I thought of how pleasurable it was to be inside her golden pussy, and how intense her orgasms were when I ate the pie, I knew I'd go back every time she beckoned.


-----
This story is copyright 2008 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com). All rights reserved. No reposting without permission. Please see my other stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
