Story: Tantric Enema

Angie & I had discussed this for a while, and decided to go for it on 
the weekend.  This endeavor took a lot of preparation and required us 
both to be absolutely cleaned out.

Finally Friday came and Angie came over in the late afternoon to stay 
the night.  Our plans called for going without dinner, and instead 
taking several deep enemas.  The tantric enema session would happen 
on Saturday, after some more high volume, cleansing enemas.

That evening we decided on each of us taking three enemas, each in 
turn, given by the other.  Angie gave me my enema first.  I was so 
excited I almost came each time she touched me.  I remember all the 
various positions I took the enemas in, from being on my hands and 
knees pounding on the floor with my fists in an effort to take the 
whole thing, to lying on my back, taking deep breaths while she 
stroked my throbbing erection with a big smile on her face.  I recall 
her sensuous moans as I encouraged her to take every last drop of her 
enemas, and teasingly rubbing her already lubricated clitoris.  After 
we each had three deep, penetrating, cleansing enemas we showered 
together, soaping each other down and rubbing our slippery 
soap-covered bodies together, all the while exploring with our hands.

After thoroughly drying off we spread a couple of old sheets on the 
bed, got the olive oil and massaged the oil into each other's bodies. 
 Angie moaned and panted as I spread the olive oil on her back, and 
on the insides of her thighs.  I teased her bushy mound with my 
oil-soaked fingers every chance I got.  That drove her wild.  She got 
back at me when she massaged me by slowly pumping me with her hand to 
the point just this side of orgasm several times, and I was begging 
her to make me cum.

"Not yet, baby, not yet," she said, with gleaming eyes.  She brought 
me to the brink a few more times, then had me "cool off" for a few 
moments.  Then she pulled me over to her, and I easily entered her.  
Slowly thrusting, first almost completely out, then all the way in to 
the hilt, I struggled to keep from cumming as she crested.  Just as 
Angie shuddered with orgasm a second time I spurted uncontrollably in 
her body.  In each others' arms, we drifted off to sleep.

I awoke in the wee hours of the morning feeling Angie's fingers 
lightly stroking my testicles.  In a matter of seconds I was fully 
awake (and erect).  "I can't wait any longer," she whispered.  We 
both knew that it was time.  Angie filled the large enema bag with 
warm water and lubed the nozzle.  I was going to get the first of two 
cleansing enemas.  As usual I panted and struggled while taking that 
first one, although the second enema was easier to take.  After I was 
empty, I gave her two big enemas and gave her time to fully expel 
them.

We were both squeaky clean now, and we proceeded to the next stage.

I liberally applied olive oil all over her body and massaged it into 
her skin, listening to her moans of pleasure.  After I finished with 
the oil, Angie's expert hands massaged the olive oil all over my 
body.  It felt exquisite when she lightly rubbed my erect member.

I filled the big red enema bag with warm water, as we decided that 
Angie would take the enema in the first place.  Slowly, I made sure 
she took all of the water, and had her lay still.  Then I prepared 
the two-way retention tube and lubed it up.  Angie was on her back 
when I inserted one end of the retention tube into her, and inflated 
the cuff that would make sure she did not leak.  Then she inserted 
the other end into my body and inflated the cuff that was inside of 
me.  I sat up on the bed, and Angie positioned herself facing me, up 
close, and insered my erection into her vagina.  It slid in very 
easily, since her labia and my member were both coated with olive 
oil.  Angie placed her legs around my waist, and we were very close.  
The method calls for us to refrain from verbal communication, 
emphasizing instead emotional and mental communion with one another.

In that position we held on to each other, with our foreheads 
touching, and with my erection inside her, and otherwise keeping very 
still.  Then I sent some thoughts over to her: "Angie baby, give me 
your water.  I want you to inject the water that is inside of you, 
into me.  I want to take it all.  Come on baby, let me have the 
enema."

I felt Angie's abdominal muscles tighten, and felt her enema begin to 
course inside of me.  What a turn-on that was!  I sent some more 
thoughts over to her: "Come on baby, keep going! That feels so good.  
It's so sexy knowing that the enema that's inside you is coming into 
my body now.  I want it all, Angie, all of your enema!"

When I had as much of her enema as she could give, I felt her relax a 
little.  I held it inside me, cherishing the water that had been 
inside of Angie.  After a few moments I felt as though she wanted me 
to give her back the enema, so I started to push the water back into 
her.  I felt her heartbeat quicken when the water entered her body 
again, and I kept up the pushing as long as I could.  I relaxed for a 
few moments, and then sent some more thoughts to Angie: "Angie, this 
feels so good!  Give me the water again, baby.  I love this!"

I felt the water start to course into me. Angie's breathing was 
getting heavier and faster, and the feeling of my approaching orgasm 
was becoming stronger and more intense.  A couple of minutes later 
Angie started to shudder, and moaned aloud as she tightened her grip 
on me and climaxed.  I could not hold back any longer, and I exploded 
with a soul-penetrating orgasm of an intensity that most people don't 
even imagine, much less experience.


-----
I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is 
copyright by the author.  Commercial use is prohibited without 
permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is 
permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or 
indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that 
this disclaimer and attribution to the original (rick_oh at 
onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.  My other stories can be seen at 
http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
