Manish's my nephew; my sister Padma's boy. Padma is the oldest and
I'm the youngest of mom's seven children, so I'm only five years
older than Manish, twenty-three to his eighteen. I'd been away to
college, had just graduated, had a big split with my boyfriend, my ex-
boss, who had a wife he'd forgotten to tell me about and had come
trailing home to lick my wounds.

So there I was; home, broke, unemployed and miserable. Manish's more
like a younger brother than a nephew. It had been nearly four years
since I'd seen him last, and the gangly young teenager I'd left
behind was turning into a good-looking young man. Tall, lithe, well-
built; quite a head-turner. He'd cheered me up quite a bit with his
affectionate, but shy, welcome home and it was Manish who found me
somewhere to stay while I got myself turned around.

Manish's friend Rohan and his folks were going off to Europe for a
six week jaunt. They had a ranch-style house with a parcel of land on
the Lake Chance road. They also had two dogs. Now they could have
just put the dogs into a boarding kennel while they were away, but
they were fond of the mutts. They were also wary about leaving the
house empty for so long. Rohan and Manish were pretty good friends
and they had been discussing this, when Manish had his brainwave.
What happened next was that Mr.Lele , Rohan's dad, telephoned me and
asked me if I would call on him, 'to discuss a proposition'. Curious,
I'd agreed and Manish drove me over in his pickup.

An hour later, I had somewhere to stay and a few dollars to help me
look for a job. I had agreed to stay at the house and look after the
house and dogs while the family took itself off to Europe. Mr.Lele
told me it had been Manish's suggestion and I thanked him as we drove
over to mom's, where I'd been staying since I got back.

"Manish, I'm really grateful. I have time to find myself a job and
somewhere to stay now, without being under mom's feet all the time. I
love mom, but I've gotten used to having somewhere of my own." I
leaned over and kissed his cheek.

Manish went bright pink. "Heck, Varsha," he said. He always called me
Varsha, not Aunt Varsha, since I was ten and he was five, when I had
decided that it was silly being called 'Aunty' when I was so young.
So, "Heck, Varsha. When Rohan told me they were worried about leaving
the house empty and putting the dogs into kennels, it just seemed
obvious that somebody had to stay and look after the place."

"And you thought of me." Now that is really sweet, I thought.

"Well, yeah. You told me you wanted somewhere to stay. I know it's
only for six weeks." He shrugged.

"Six weeks without having to pay rent. Six weeks in a luxury home
with a swimming pool. Six weeks and a hundred dollars a week just to
stay. Manish, my boy, you're a genius."

He grinned. "Tell that to my teachers. Or Madhuri Deshmukh."

"Ah! And who is Madhuri Deshmukh?" I asked, my feminine curiosity
antennae quivering.

Manish went pink again. "A girl at school."

"You sweet on her?" I asked, curious suddenly about my good-looking
nephew's love life.

He shrugged. "I guess I am. I like her, I think she likes me."

"Have you dated her?"

"Not yet. I was going to ask her next Saturday."

"Go for it!" I grinned at him, yet I wasn't sure that I really meant
it. Strange. "Manish," I said, "I owe you one for getting me into
this. The s are leaving next Thursday. They've asked me to go over on
Tuesday, learn the routine. It'll take me a couple of days to settle
in. Next Saturday, come over for a swim, then I'll cook dinner for
you. Sort of a 'thank-you' meal. Bring Madhuri."

His face lit up. "That'd be great! I'll ask her at school tomorrow."

He was disappointed. I didn't see him until the Tuesday. "Still on
for Saturday?" I asked. He made a face.

"I asked Madhuri, but she's going away for the weekend with her mom."
His face brightened. "She said OK for the following Saturday, if it's
OK with you."

"Fine, I'll look forward to meeting her. But Manish?"

"Yeah?"

"You still come over on Saturday. I'll still cook you dinner, just
for the two of us."

"You sure, Varsha?" He was pleased, I was glad to see.

"Certain, Manish. Come over about two." I grinned at him.

OK, something to look forward to on Saturday. In the meantime, I had
to get myself to the house. They made me welcome, showed me the
guest room where I'd be sleeping. Impressive. Double bed and its own
bathroom. I loved the dogs, an ageing German shepherd called Prince
and a black poodle called, for some reason, Amber. Mr.Lele was an
architect and he'd designed the house himself. It was designed to be
looked after easily and I could see no problems with looking after it
by myself. I would still have plenty of time to look for a job and a
place of my own. When he found out I didn't have a car, Mr.Lele took
a set of keys from a drawer.

"Use the Honda, Varsha," he said. "It's in the garage."

"Well, thank you, Mr , that's very kind."

"You're welcome, Varsha." He laughed. "I know your family; did some
work for your brother Ben last year. I wouldn't have asked you to do
this if I hadn't already known the family. So anyway, let's change
the subject. What sort of job are you looking for?"

"Computer programmer, if I can get it, or analyst-programmer." I
enjoy programming. OK, I use a lot of the popular packages, but
there's an extra zing in getting a computer to do just as you want.

He mused for a moment, then took a business card from his pocket and
scribbled something on the back. He handed me the card. "Go and see
Sol Levy at Levy Investments, corner of Cedar and 3rd. He might have
something. Tell him I sent you. But don't go until Monday, he's away.
I'll ring his secretary and fix you an appointment. In fact, sit down
for a moment, Varsha. I'll do it now." He disappeared into his office
and I looked at the card. He'd written, 'Sol, Varsha's a friend. Have
you anything in her line?'. Well, nice of him. He came back.

"Ten on Tuesday, not Monday. OK?"

"Marvellous, thank you Mr ."

"A pleasure, Varsha. Right, now on with the guided tour!"

The s set off on the Thursday and I was alone with the dogs. They
were restless at first but as Thursday moved into Friday and I fed
them and walked them, so they got used to me and settled down.

Saturday dawned bright and clear and the forecast hinted at
temperatures in the low eighties. Nice day for a swim. I'd promised
Manish a meal and I got everything ready for fried chicken and salad,
then went to my room and took a shower. I rummaged through my
wardrobe and checked my two bikinis. I decided on the slightly more
modest one with the string ties and slipped it on, then put on a
wraparound cotton skirt and a tank top.

Manish was punctual and rolled up in his pickup at the stroke of two.
Prince and Amber knew him and greeted him with wagging tails. He bent
and fussed over them then followed me indoors. "Thanks for inviting
me, Varsha," he said.

"Nice to have company, Manish. This place is so big the nearest
neighbour is nearly a mile away. The dogs are good company, but their
conversation isn't marvellous."

He laughed. "Yeah, there is rather a lot of room, isn't there. Still,
the pool is real-size, not dinky. You can really stretch out and go
for it." He grinned companionably at me.

"You a keen swimmer, Manish?"

"Yeah, I made the school team." There was pride in his voice.

"Good for you!" So that's where the sleek build comes from. "Ready
for a swim now?"

"Sure am!" He grinned at me. "Change in the Shirval?"

Shirval? Then I remembered. There was a small bathroom beside the
pool, with a shower and two tiny changing rooms. Mr.Lele had pointed
them out to me to use if I had friends round for a swim. The family
just used their own rooms. "Yes, Manish, you use the Shirval," I
said. "I've got my bikini on under these. I'll just drop them in my
room and I'll be right out."

"OK." He smiled and went out.

I went to my room and discarded my tank top and skirt, tugged the
bikini into a slightly less revealing position and went out to the
pool. Manish was already in the water, moving seemingly effortlessly
along in an Australian crawl. I watched him for a moment, admiring
the grace of his movements. There was a smooth, raw power in him that
suddenly got to me and I could feel a tingle in my cunt. 'Down,
girl!' I thought to myself, 'That's your nephew, not some stud. Get
in the water and cool off!'

I'm a good swimmer. Not in Manish's apparent class, but perfectly
competent, so I took a racing dive into the water and sprinted to the
far end and back, then, turned to my back and floated for a moment,
relaxing. Manish came easing up alongside me.

"It's great, Varsha, much better than a commercial pool. Not nearly
so crowded," Manish smiled.

"But no girls to ogle over." I was flip.

Manish's look turned serious. "Who wants to look at some silly girl
when there's a woman as beautiful as you right here?" He flushed deep
scarlet suddenly and looked very confused. "I'm sorry, Varsha, I
didn't mean... Er... Oh, shit, I'm sorry!"

"Sorry for what, Manish?" I asked softly. "For calling me beautiful?
You don't ever need to apologise for that!" I leaned over and kissed
his cheek. "Thank you for a lovely compliment." I turned away from
him and did a gentle breast stroke along the pool. I had to, my cunt
was tingling and I could feel my nipples becoming like pebbles in my
bikini top. Luckily, my tits were under water and Manish couldn't
have seen. I tried to still my racing heart, without conspicuous
success. What was I thinking of? I had just had a vivid vision in my
mind of a naked Manish vigorously fucking his equally naked Aunt
Varsha. Wow, did I want this? My own nephew? Did I dare? I took a
deep breath and decided to let myself cool down.

I trundled back and forth along the pool for a while but we'd been in
the pool for about forty minutes and I was feeling a little tired, so
decided to get out. I headed towards the steps. Manish was there
before me and gave me a hand to get out. My good intentions were
foiled, because the feel of the air on my wet skin caused my nipples
to harden again.

I don't know whether it was the sight of my nipples showing through
my bikini top or not, but Manish's eyes were fixed on my tits, at
least until he caught my eye. He flushed and looked away, moving
uncomfortably. There was a huge bulge in his swim shorts and when he
caught me looking at it he went even redder.

My conscience fought a brief battle with my personal devil. The devil
won. "Got a hardon, Manish?" I asked teasingly. He went an even
deeper shade of red, which if I hadn't seen it myself I would have
said was impossible and seemed about to say something, but his bulge
was getting bigger and I guess he figured he couldn't deny it,
because he nodded.

"I wonder, do you know what to do with it?" I asked gently. Have you
fucked Madhuri with it, Manish? Have you?

"Of course!" he retorted.

"Have you?" I asked.

"Have I what?" he asked carefully.

"Fucked," I said succinctly.

He paused for a moment, then reluctantly shook his head. "No, not
yet," he muttered, avoiding my eye. He looked away, across the pool.

Oh, God! I thought, an eighteen-year old virgin. Gimme! "Would you
like to, Manish?" I asked gently, trembling inside, and he looked at
me, startled, apparently not believing his ears.

"You mean you and me? Here? Now?" he said awkwardly.

I nodded, smiling. "Yes, you and me. Here. Now." I could feel the
excitement within me. I had the feeling that I was going to enjoy
this. My throat was suddenly dry. My bikini was fastened by ties at
the hips, neck and back. I didn't want Manish to get cold feet, so
decided to present him with a fait accompli. I tugged at the strings
and was suddenly naked before him. He was staring and my nipples got
harder, my pussy got wetter, my... God, I was tingling. I was
breathing heavily and held out my hand to him.

"Come on inside, Manish, and let's fuck!"

He took my hand and I could feel him trembling. I led him to my
bedroom and stopped beside the bed, turning to face him. His eyes
were smoky and he looked me over from head to toe. I could feel my
pussy getting wetter and wetter. I held out my arms to him. "Kiss me,
Manish," I said. "Kiss me as your lover, not your Aunt. Kiss me as if
you want me." I wanted him, I really wanted him, wanted his prick in
my pussy.

"I do want you," he croaked, "I've wanted you since I was about
fourteen, when you were staying with us. I..." He faltered.

"You what?" I prompted gently. Then I had a flash of
inspiration. "What did you do, Manish, spy on me?"

He flushed again, poor lamb, and nodded, shame-faced. "I'm sorry, I
shouldn't have done it. But you were so beautiful." He raised his
head and looked me in the eye. "You still are." Shaking, he raised
his hand and cupped my tit. My nipples were like rocks and the feel
of his hand on my breast made me shake. I pulled him closer and
raised my face for his kiss.

His lips were warm, dry, firm. I revelled in the sensation for a
moment then gently insinuated my tongue between his lips. He gasped
slightly, then I could feel his mouth open to me, his own tongue
slipping forth to twine with mine. My arms were around his neck, his
around my waist, then I felt his hands moving down, gently, almost
stealthily, until he was cupping my ass cheeks. His bulge was hot and
hard against my belly, and I chuckled into the kiss, then drew my
head back.

"Ever held a girl's naked butt before, Manish?" I asked. "Do you like
it?"

He laughed, almost normally. "It's a first for me! I like it," he
replied, squeezing my ass. "Mmm, nice," he said. "Lovely and firm,
but deliciously squeezable."

"Lets try yours," I said, running my fingers down his spine. His swim
shorts were almost dry from the animal heat we were producing and I
gripped his butt. I almost drooled. The musculature created by his
swimming meant that his ass was firm and strong. And, as he'd
gallantly said of my own butt, deliciously squeezable. I unfastened
the drawstring at his waist and put my hands on his waistband. I
leaned back slightly and looked into his eyes.

"Am I the first girl to see this treasure?" I whispered. "Am I?"

He swallowed, then nodded. "Apart from mom, when I was younger, of
course."

I grinned at him. "And me, when you were about two. Your mom let me
help to bathe you one night. We won't count that, though. I mean
adult type female persons, say fifteen or older?"

"You're the first, Varsha."

"OK, I'm going to unwrap my treasure," I said, grinning at him.
Slowly, I peeled down his shorts. His prick, when it bounced free of
its restriction, almost hit me in the face. I gasped, from
anticipated pleasure. I'm twenty-three, and I first had sex when I
was seventeen. I'm not promiscuous and I don't play around, so in my
six years of sexual experience I'd only had seven lovers before now.
My eighth was definitely the biggest.

Manish's prick was - is - a little over eight inches long, and as
thick as my wrist. The head was deep red, the veins on the shaft
clearly defined. I dropped my hand to it and squeezed gently. Manish
groaned. I wanted him inside me, badly. Very badly. But I knew that
there was a very good chance that he would go off bang at first
contact, if I was his first. Unless he'd masturbated, of course, I
suddenly thought.

"Manish?" I whispered.

"Yes?"

"Do you masturbate?"

"Yeah. It helps when I don't have a woman handy," he said
wryly, "which is of course, all of the time. " He groaned as I gently
fingered his prick. "Until now."

"When did you do it last?"

"Just before I came here." He flushed. "I didn't know if I could keep
it down if I saw you in a bikini." He laughed. "I guess I couldn't,
huh!"

I laughed with him. "Let's take a chance," I whispered. "Let's put
that lovely prick of yours into my cunt and see what happens." I
moved to the bed, still holding gently to his prick, and lay down. I
spread my legs. "Come on, Manish, put it in me, put it in now, baby,
I want to feel it inside me. Oh, Manish, I want to feel it so bad!" I
was shaking.

He knelt carefully between my legs, then lowered himself until his
prick was near my cunt. Taking no chances, I grasped him gently and
steered him in. I was wet, very wet, and he went straight in. Jeez!
He felt good, oh so very, fucking good. I wriggled slightly, a little
uncomfortable at first with this monster inside me, but I soon
adjusted. Manish was still, not breathing. I tugged gently at his
hips.

"Deeper, Manish, deeper. I want to feel you deeper!" Manish groaned
and pressed tentatively forward, until his balls were slapping my
ass. I sighed deeply.

"God, Manish, that feels so good, so very, fucking good! Fuck me,
Manish, fuck your Varsha!"

He began to move, tentatively at first, tiny movements, until he got
more used to the feel of my pussy about his prick, then he began to
move in and out, gently at first, gradually increasing the length of
his stroke. I groaned; my cunt had never felt so full of prick
before. My juices were liberally coating his prick, there was no
sense of friction, just that wonderful feeling of being full of my
lover's prick. He was wordless, his bottom lip caught between his
teeth, an expression of intense concentration on his face.

I was feeling good, stuffed so full of virile male. "Manish, baby,
that feels good, baby, oh, so good. Fuck me, baby, fuck me. " I
groaned, and Manish's stroke lengthened then, suddenly, an expression
of intense surprise appeared on his face and his stroke faltered. I
realised immediately what had happened and threw my arms around him,
hugging him to me.

"Oh, baby, come for me!" I whispered, "Fill me, baby, fill me full!"
Manish had come, too soon for both of us. I had more than half-
expected this, had hoped he could last longer, but there was no way I
would scold him. Poor lamb, he was at his most vulnerable.

Manish trembled at last into immobility, then raised his head and
kissed me gently on the lips. "Sorry, Varsha. I came too soon. I
couldn't help myself." His expression was wry.

"Don't fret, baby, don't fret," I whispered. "That was just a taster.
We'll have a rest, then we'll go again. I'm going to make you come so
many times you'll lose count!"

"It takes me ages to get it up again when I Mr.Lele off," he said
ruefully.

I grinned at him. "You've never had me around before," I said. "Ease
out, and let's see what we can do about it." He withdrew carefully
and I looked closely at him. He was still half-hard, but softening. I
kissed his lips gently, then wriggled down on the bed. I looked up
and he was watching me intently. "Are you going to..?" he began.

"Suck you off? I certainly am, Manish, I love the taste of male come
and my own pussy juice, it always makes me horny!" Has done since I
was seventeen. Manish's prick twitched in my grasp. I laughed. "Hey,
it makes you horny as well!"

He groaned. "It's not that, Varsha, it's you. How do you think I
feel? My favourite Aunt, the subject of all my fantasies, naked, her
pussy full of my come, talking about sucking my cock!"

"All of your fantasies, Manish?" I asked gently.

"Most of them, about ninety-nine per cent. I admit, Madhuri Deshmukh
has started to pop up now and again recently."

"What's she like, I mean physically?" I was curious about my rival
for Manish's fantasies.

"Well, she's about five feet eight inches tall, I'd guess she's about
your size. She has long, dark brown hair, to about the middle of her
back, blue eyes and I've just realised, she reminds me of you!"

"I look forward to meeting her one day. I'll tell her all about what
turns you on, when you're not listening."

Manish groaned suddenly.

"What's up?" I asked, alarmed.

"Nothing. I just had this sudden mental vision of myself in bed with
both of you!" He shuddered. "That was a hell of a turn on."
I laughed. "Well, it could happen, as far as I'm concerned. We have
no future, so I have no objection to trying to satisfy your fantasies
in the short term, Manish, if that's what you'd like." Yes, Manish, I
would really like to help you with your fantasies. I've always wanted
to try a threesome.

He groaned again, and laughed. "Stop it, you're making me feel horny!"

"Of course I am," I said cheerfully, "I want to be fucked again by
that lovely prick of yours. You know, Manish, that's the biggest I've
ever had in my pussy." And it's coming up nicely again, thank you.

"Is it?" he asked, obviously pleased.

"It is, and since our little interlude seems to have got him all nice
and hard again, what would you like, Manish? Fuck, or suck?" I
stroked his prick while he thought about it.

"Let's fuck, Varsha, please."

"OK, lover, lie back and enjoy this." I pushed him to his back and
swung my leg astride. I came up on my knees above his prick, then
shuffled until I was in the right place. "Ready?"

"Yeah," said Manish in deep contentment, his prick hard and pulsing
beneath my pussy.

"Right," I said, and lowered myself onto his prick, guiding him with
my hands until he was properly in, then stopped. His eyes, which had
been closed, snapped open. I smiled at him. "There's a pair of tits
up here which badly need attention, mister." Manish raised his hands
obligingly and cupped my tits. I'm not big, only a 34, but I'm a B
cup and he had enough to hold onto. He let his thumbs rub gently over
my nipples and I shuddered. "Are you OK, Varsha?" Manish asked,
concerned.

"I am fine," I said, then let myself begin to slide down his pole,
until I bottomed with his balls against my ass. I squeezed him with
my cunt muscles, then began to rock back and forth, using my knees as
the pivot. He was big, and he was hard, and my position was
comfortable. I just let myself enjoy the sensation of being so full
for a while, then I let my fingers drift to my clitoris. I wanted to
come this time, and I didn't think Manish, lovely as his prick was in
my cunt, would know how to get me off. I knew though, that if I
stroked myself just so, that I could control my orgasm to a certain
extent.

I didn't know how long it would take Manish to come, but I remembered
my own teenage beginnings and I knew how quickly my boyfriends came,
so I guessed sooner rather than later. He surprised me, because he
kept going a lot longer than I'd thought he would and I was beginning
to tip myself over that glorious edge of orgasm with my busy fingers.

"I'm going to come soon, Manish," I groaned. "Soon, baby, soon, I'm
gonna come. Are you coming, sweetheart? Are you? Please come for me,
baby, please. I want to feel you come in my pussy, Manish. I want to
feel you fill me with your jizz. Come for me, Manish. Come for me!"

Manish groaned, his fingers still busy with my tits. "I am, Varsha, I
am, darling Varsha. I'm going to come, I'm going to flood your pussy
with come-juice. Soon, Varsha, soon!"

I squeezed him with my cunt muscles, getting closer, closer, ever
closer. I began to pant, little yips of joy, "Yes, yes, yes, Manish,
I'm - going - to - come - Manish, I'm - go - ing - to - come."

Manish sat up suddenly and took a tit into his mouth, biting gently
down on my nipple. That did it! I came, and I mean came. I could feel
my belly rippling, my cunt muscles spasming and clamping down on
Manish's cock and a tight scream erupted from my throat.

I think that did it for Manish, for as my cry died he erupted into my
cunt, driving up at me, flooding me with his come, as he had
promised, filling me, leaving me limp and wrecked so that I collapsed
across him, well and truly fucked out.

We lay for what seemed hours, but could only have been minutes,
gathering our scattered wits, me sprawled across Manish. "Wow," he
said weakly.

"Wow, indeed," I murmured. "Manish, honey, that was good!" I
laughed. "And I still haven't sucked you off. Later, I think." I
glanced at the bedside clock. Nearly four o'clock. "I promised to
feed you, too. Let's shower and eat, Manish, then we can play again!"






