Black cuckolded

The guy was black, and far from being a student he was in his late forties. This was the man my wife had let our spare room to, virtually behind my back. He was recently separated from his wife and had been looking for digs for a couple of weeks so he could move out of the B&B he was presently using. I suppose I should have refused but I was knocked sideways by this sudden move.

The problem was I was afraid what this meant: For the past two years my wife had been getting very aggressive sexually both by always taking the lead; dressing for sex about the house and controlling when we made love, and the fantasies we wove. The theme had been increasingly one of her being used by other men (usually older black men) with me taking a very subservient role.

A few times Kim tied me up and once she got me very drunk and somehow got me to swap clothes with her so I wore her stockings crotch-less knickers, a skirt and her black blouse. She wore my trousers and shirt and after taking photos of each other we had sex; her on top pretending to be the man. Now I went along with it all because the sex was good and I enjoyed not having to initiate it, sex just happened and frequently; even if some of the fantasies she spoke about sounded grotesque. However I'd not wanted a man, especially a black man to enter our lives and I had deep misgivings where this would go.

Only two days into his stay Max was sitting in the lounge when Kim dragged me away from the TV and in the hall she said that she was going to let Max seduce her right away and she expected me to watch. I asked her not to but she told me to just sit and learn! I sat watching TV with Max waiting when suddenly Kim was standing in front of us wearing a pair of white leggings with her camel toe on display; all in all they were quite indecent. She also had on a white mesh-top with white heels so she looked completely slutty.

She stood in front of us and looking straight at Max asked in a husky voice that she wanted him to feel like it was his home while he was here and she'd do anything for him. It was as blatant as could be and unfortunately for me the moment Max heard this he needed no further invitation and stood towering over Kim, his massive frame dwarfing my small wife. He was grinning from ear to ear and my heart sank as I realised immediately this would never be a one time only thing. "Honey if you want me to feel really at home I can think of something that would help!" He said glancing at me in a quite horrible way.

"What's that?" She asked knowingly looking up at him.

"Well since my wife and I split I've been... well without..."

"without what?" She continued smiling.

"Sex. That is I've not had a woman in some time..." 

"And you'd like me to help you with that problem?"

He grinned then stepping close added. "You could certainly help!"

"I'll be happy to." She stated and then she kissed him.

At this point I should give you all the low-downs but I don't feel able to write too much detail. He was really aggressive and my wife was really, really compliant. She sucked his huge cock on demand until he was excited then pushed her to the floor and they went at it like animals. Despite his cock being huge he somehow got it all inside her after quite a short time, then hammered away until he let fly yelling as he did so. My wife clung to him urging him all the while to `plant his seed'.

Kim was left exhausted and lay for some time as he got up and said "She's one good fuck, I'm gonna' enjoy staying here." then he left us chuckling. Kim grinned at me and told me he was a much better fuck than me then went to bed me training behind. Kim became a complete slut almost immediately; willing to let this man use her just about all of the time. The guy simply asked her to come to his bedroom the following evening where she screwed him for over an hour. She was extremely vocal and I could hear her yelling out as they made love that night begging him to `fuck her properly' and other similar requests. She returned with a big smile and said he was `some man'.

That weekend Kim actually cancelled an evening with friends so she could spend the afternoon making love with Max. The sounds of her shouting and cursing filled the house as she begging him in the crudest terms to use her. He responded in turn calling her names that I was completely offended by but she revelled in. My wife was completely willing to do whatever Max wanted which included several blow-jobs in front of me and she even let him screw her on the Monday morning, in her work clothes before dashing off her pussy full. That evening before he was back from work she told me that walking around all day with soiled knickers had been a real turn on.

Monday night upon his return it was clear he'd woken to the fact that my wife was now his willing sex toy and he announced that since over the weekend she'd responded so well to his use of the C word that from now on rather than Kim she was to be known as Cunt. It was quite awful to hear this but for some reason far from being upsetting or embarrassing Kim actually really got off on it and insisted I call her it as well. I wasn't sure if this was fantasy or for real but I was soon aware that my wife had become obsessed by the situation and actually got angry when I called her Kim not cunt a few hours later. She actually answered her mobile to me the next day with `Hi, Cunt here' when I phoned the following lunchtime; I just hoped she was out of earshot of her workmates.

My wife seemed to want to be as outrageous as possible and that week she spent all the time at home dressed in sex clothes and even went to work with stockings and skimpy undies on under her normal outfits. Every night she spent time having sex with him before returning to our bed where she would play with me until I came telling me how inadequate I was compared to Max and his `real-man cock'. Things were deteriorating fast.

It was only two weeks after Max moved in that I came home from work to find my wife dressed in a short skirt and tight top, showing a lot of leg and her stocking tops. She then informed me that she was going out on a `date' with Max. When I asked her not to she looked at me, shook her head and told me not to be so nave since it was obvious Max and her were more than just sex partners and I wasn't worthy of a wife like her so should be grateful she was still with me.

That night she was out until three then when she came home she went to his bed without even speaking to me and I soon heard her encouraging him to fuck her with his `gorgeous black whore maker' and then they made out for what seemed like forever before finally sleeping. That was the first night she didn't return to our bed. If I thought things had reached a low point I was very wrong. Kim was all over him from then on kissing and cooing with him and she adopted the Cunt label completely at home actually refusing to respond to her old name at all when I used it. They went out the following Tuesday and when my wife returned she stood in front of me and said that Max's had `proposed to her'.

"What the hell does that mean?"

"It means that Max and I will become a couple."

"You're leaving me?" I said my heart in my mouth. "Kim this is madness."

"Cunt! I'm Cunt." She stated angrily. "No I'm not leaving. I just want a real man between my legs. I said yes so I intend to be faithful to my new surrogate husband which means you have to respect me now that I'm another man's partner and not try anything intimate not that you're up to it!"

"How on earth am I meant to respond to this?"

"With a bit of dignity. I don't expect you to act any differently than you would do to... say Karen." She stated. Karen was the wife of one of my friends.

"Look, I love you Kim but this is just too much..."

"Cunt. My name is now Cunt so use it or else!"

"Oh for Christ's sake that is pathetic! I don't hear you saying that to your mother or sister!" Kim stepped forward at this point and slapped me really hard. I was too dazed to do anything but stare at her.

"That's different. This is sexual, Max calls me Cunt and since you are a former lover of mine you can too but if you don't I won't even talk to you." She paused then looked at me coldly. If you attempt to leave or divorce me then I will let everyone see the pictures of you as a woman!" I went pale at this she smiled.

"Now Max and I intend to have a proper ceremony to seal our union and I want it to happen as soon as it can be arranged. I also want you to play a full part."

"I simply don't think I can agree to this!" I responded.

"You will!" I was a statement which I didn't argue with. I thought about this and while it seemed ridiculous I realised that the pictures painted me out to be a cross-dresser which I really wasn't.

So what will happen after today?" I asked meekly.

"You move to the guest room to begin with and Max and I will become a couple. If you behave yourself and tow the line we won't make it too public, but become difficult and we will make your life hell." She smiled sweetly. "I will still be Mrs Daley to the family and your friends but I will be Ms Gale after the ceremony." She looked at me coldly and I realised her love for me was now very much as a subservient to her new lifestyle.

"Max read about the ceremony online and apparently it's something that is done in certain circles to signify that the woman while technically still married is in fact the lover and property of another." I looked at her as if she'd gone mad which I actually wondered about. My wife understood my thoughts and smiled.

"Let me explain." She said sitting down. "I actually don't believe you want to lose me or you would have left by now. I could leave you of course but want you to still be close by. I like you being a cuckold and you do too so this will clarify everything: The ceremony will be the recognition of my subservience to Max; I will pledge myself to him and you will give me away. As you must know by now you don't satisfy me sexually not just because you are white and less virile but because you are much smaller than Max.  We both knew for a long time I needed to find a real man to satisfy me and knew he had to be black. Besides you liked it when I told about all the nasty things a black slut gets up to and what a cuckolded husband can expect."

She looked at me then added: "You are my best friend in the world and I want to share my new life with you!"

What could I say? She knew I was weak and that I still loved her. My wife moved me into the spare room and made love with Max constantly. He was a real pig and genuinely mean to her; there were times when he would make her do things even she didn't seem to want to do: He forced her to have anal sex with him one day which hurt her and one time he forced her to go out shopping with her mother wearing only her basque and stocking under a coat. Despite all this it only got Kim hotter and more besotted with him.

I on the other hand was forced to help her dress for her dates with him even shaving her sex three times a week. I would sit and watch her as she gave herself to him at any time and even drove them on dates or sat in the car watching as she went to clubs dressed like a tramp knowing he was showing her off to the world as his slut.

It was five months after his arrival that she announced the wedding was booked, for two weekend time, and that she expected me to do exactly as I was told. Of course I did. I loved her and the thought of her destroying my life with tales of my cross-dressing (I still played football and shuddered to think how my team mates would react) were too painful besides I was very much under her thumb anyway.

The ceremony took place in a small house in the country. There were going to be a number of guests including one of Kim's old friends. I knew her vaguely but thankfully I hadn't seen her since our wedding. At the event, so Kim told me that morning, I was going to give her away, which I was very unhappy about. I suppose I'd not thought the whole day through that well because I sort of had the idea that it would happen, they would kiss as in a legal wedding and then I'd scarper as they go off on their planned holiday. I was wrong.

What I had also been forced to do was buy a very expensive pair of rings; his and hers with Max and Kim forever engraved on them. They cost a small fortune which meant I was broke. We arrived at the house then went to separate rooms where I dressed in my DJ as asked before a knock on the door and Kim's old friend greeted me with a smile and told me it was time. She was dressed in a very pretty dress showing her good body to the fullest and the way she looked at me told me she knew how she looked. She led me to the entrance of the room that was being used and I waited listening to the voices inside and I dawned on me that there were quite a few guests (not what I'd hoped). Then Kim appeared in her original wedding dress looking radiant, just as she'd done a few years before when we were married. She took my arm and gave it a squeeze.

A few moments later her favourite Madonna track started and with a nudge I escorted her into the room. The place was set out like a real wedding with rows of seats either side. There were many people in the room; a large number of them black males.
Max was at the front standing in smart gear like everyone else and smiled at Kim as she approached. It was another of Kim's friend who presided over the event a woman who I'd met when she was a collage and someone I didn't ever like.

"Do you Paul give Kim, your wife, to Max Gale to be his woman and relinquish all sexual claims over her?"

I struggled but Kim gave me a look and eventually I said softly `I do.' There were some sniggers from the guests.

"Do you, Kim, pledge yourself to Max and promise to serve him sexually in whatever way he wishes?"

"I do." She said very loudly.

"Will you Paul agree to support Kim and stand by her but never make any further sexual demands upon her?"

Again I paused then after another look this time from Max I said `I do.'

"Will you Kim agree that whatever consequences occur from this relationship they are your fault alone?"

"I do." She added happily.

"Will you Max take this woman to use and abuse as you see fit?"

"Yes"

"Please exchange the rings."  With that Kim took her wedding & engagement rings from her fingers and gave them to Max who with a grin threaded them through a chain and hung them around her neck. "We'll fix them later." He said to the audience. Then they exchanged the rings I'd bought.

"I now pronounce you bull and slut." They kissed to some whoops and comments about how hot she looked. There was some implication that they guests were going to see a lot more of Kim. The two of them then left together arm in arm as I looked at the guests. There were probably twenty or so men, all black with the exception of two couples at the back one of whom was Kim's old friend and her husband.

After this the woman who had conducted the ceremony directed me up the stairs to a bedroom and to my absolute horror I saw a several seats arranged around it. I was led to a large heavy seat at the foot of the bed and once seated (more than a little reluctantly so several of the black guests locked my wrists and ankles to it) the afternoon began.

Kim appeared and removed her knickers and dress but lay on the bed in her stockings as Max joined her and they began to make out. I watched as he finally mounted her and used her really aggressively until he came. After this she remained on the bed legs apart his cum clear for me to see as it dripped from her but then several other black men appeared and without any embarrassment they took turns with Kim.

The rest of the audience were the two other white couples and the other women all of whom were really crude urging the men to be very physical which they were and Kim at one time was being sodomised (and was in some pain) while still required to suck one guy to full erection as another added his sperm to the growing mess between her legs. The whole thing lasted for ages but after it was over Kim lay with the cum seeping out looking at me and smiling.

"Like how your wife looks now?" She asked "I notice you got a hard on when those real men were pumping their cum into me. There's a lot more to see yet!"

That evening she had sex with so many men I lost count. It was several hours later that I was released and stumbled out.  Kim's friend, Becky drove me home and then said I must be very frustrated and she would be taking care of it for me. I suppose I though she was actually going to help with me but she persuaded me to strip and then she produce some handcuffs and I don't know why but I let her restrain me. Once I was helpless she produced a gagging ball and forced it into my mouth then she finally took off her clothes.

"I'm going to fuck you senseless." She declared and then slid down on my erection.

That night was actually almost unbearable. She had sex with me over and over again until I was quite unable to get an erection. After that she smiled and said that that would do for now and let me go. She repeated the event early the following morning and after lunch and again that evening. Each time she insisted I was restrained and helpless and she continued until my balls were aching and my cock limp. She enjoyed this humiliation and during the sex sessions gave me graphic accounts of what she though Kim would be doing.

She explained that Kim, while Max's slut, was now pledged to give herself to any black man who showed interest in her no matter how old or ugly they were. She added that Max was going to use her any way he could and that he really didn't care for her much she was just a slut to fuck or give to his friends.

Kim had gone away with Max for the week so Becky stayed with me and the same happened every day until come Friday my balls were swollen and I simply couldn't get it up. The final morning she informed me she had a few `little bugs' which I might have caught then left laughing.

When Kim came home that Sunday she looked like a different woman: She'd had her hair dyed jet black, she wore a tiny mini skirt had more makeup on than I'd ever seen and her heels were absurdly long . Much more than this was her top that showed her bare breasts almost completely only they weren't her breasts at least not the ones I knew. She had had them enhanced and they were simply huge; with her small body the overall effect was to make her look like a prostitute.

She said nothing but stood in front of me and lifted her skirt to show me her bare, smooth pussy with a ring in her clit (her engagement ring adjusted so it now had a fixing as part of it., and a tattoo that said "black cock slut" in black and red letters. Becky had already left so now I was alone to endure Kim making out with Max all evening and that night. She was so vocal I wondered if the neighbours could hear her as she urged him on in the crudest possible terms.

From that day on Kim was Max's slut. She fucked him and others on demand. Only once did she do anything sexual with me and that was a hand-job four months later as she announced she was pregnant with her first child, father unknown. Max left our house a few months before she had the baby; he had grown bored of her fat body he told her but despite that she was still expected to service any black he sent over. I therefore still dressed her for sex and waited around to help if needed.

After the baby she was still willing to have sex with any black who came by but none did for several months. Kim grew frustrated so turned to me and I therefore began to eat her out on demand which became most nights. Once Kim started to work out she got her shape back and was eventually out fucking, leaving me to look after the baby. Only now she insisted I eat her the morning after even though she was occasionally soiled if she'd gone bareback. I was aware of where this was going but knew I'd let it and so I did when one evening she sat on my face her messy sex dripping into my mouth as I brought her off. 

She adored being a slut and acting the part with her stupidly large boobs spilling out of her skimpy tops and her sex barely concealed under tiny skirts or obscenely transparent leggings. She saw Max a lot although he had his own place but she loved to make out in front of me then sitting on my face, cum dropping from her soiled sex as she tells me how big and potent he was. She told me a few weeks later that she wanted to make a movie, amateur with Max breeding her. I wasn't sure this was a real desire and hoped it was just another fantasy but just a week later I was setting up lights and Becky came over to shoot the event.

Firstly she shot me dressing my wife in stockings, heels, white basque and her wedding dress. I then striped and knelt at the side of the bed as Max and she fucked for thirty minutes. Throughout this she was vocal about how she loved his cock and wanted his bastard planted in her then after he came in her for the first time he lay beside her as I went between her legs eating his slime as she stroked my hair telling me I was her only birth control and adding since Max was so potent I needed to get my tongue deep.

This went on for about fifteen minutes until Kim was really excited then I was pushed away as Max mounted her. This time Becky set the camera on a tripod then stood behind me wanking my erection telling me to watch as a real man impregnated my wife. I came after five minutes shooting over her hand then she told me I should go thank Max which was really hard to do but in the end I  knelt by the head of the bed. As directed I thanked him for fucking my wife properly and told him that he deserved to give her his baby.

Kim actually turned and kissed me at this point then told me to wank myself again only not to cum until she told me to. I did this and when I was close I stopped but she told me to keep a hold of my cock so I was very close then after another ten minutes when she hit a huge orgasm she told me I should get ready and then Max sped up and with a grunt planted his seed.

"Wank off, you pathetic loser, cum on the floor as Max pumps into me!" She ordered and I did. Two minutes later I was back eating her sex again. Max came in her three times that evening although we only recorded up to that second oral session as the final time was alone in our bed me next door with Becky. Like the wedding night Becky tied me down and rode me until my cock was so sore I was in agony.

The next day I lay tied to the main bed (Becky's idea) the wrong way around looking up as Max took Kim from behind his massive cock slipping in and out of her sex above me. Then the moment he shot his load she dropped onto me and I ate her for the next twenty minutes until she came. Becky then got me hard and rode me to two more climaxes which left me in some pain.

A little while later she told me Kim had agreed to let her take me away for a few days which sounded ominous and that very next Friday she collected me dressed in just a pair of shorts and a t-shirt taking me to her house. Inside I discovered she had a `playroom' which had loads of sex implements around the place. She got me to take a couple of pills then I was stripped, strapped to a bed then she got a pump device which she attached to my cock telling me it would make me cum every few minutes then she added the Viagra I'd taken would keep my poor cock erect for hours.

The pain after an hour or so was really bad but still the device did its job; stimulating my erection and bringing me off time and again. I was crying when she eventually returned. "I want you to become my pet." She stated. "But to do so you must offer yourself to me. I have documents you need to sign and then you will do a video telling the world about it. Of course if you refuse you will be here another two hours and God only knows what will be left of your little man then!" I agreed instantly.

I signed the papers and sat in front of the camera telling it I wanted to be Becky's pet willing to stay with her for as long as she wanted me. She phoned Kim who insisted on speaking to me. "Have fun this weekend, loser. She's not going to be nice to you, you know. You'll be pleased to know that while Max is away this weekend he's arranged company to help keep me happy, which you never could."

Becky got me to lie at her feet as she watched the TV licking between her toes then she took me for a walk, mouth gagged, my wrists cuffed behind me, shackles on my ankles as she pulled me around with a lead around my cock and balls. It was hard to keep up with her as she walked about her garden and I felt my balls pulled and I cried into the gag but she kept pulling until I got up and followed. I was thankful she had a secluded garden but wondered if it was totally private not that it mattered much. 

I ate food from a bowl on the kitchen floor then was forced to try to suck my own cock; I got the bell end in just about. Then she pushed a vibrator up my rear and made me sit on a stool for an hour as it brought me to another ejaculation. That night I slept on the floor in a dog basket cold and miserable but then around five in the morning Becky dragged me to the toilet and after she spent a penny I had to lick her clean. I felt sick but I did it. She got a larger vibrator and working part-way into my rectum she then ordered me to stand and watch the video she'd taken of my wife as she played with me again. She described how Max was perfect for my wife and then she goaded me, when I was seen eating her used sex, by telling me it was clear I enjoyed the taste of their mixed cum.

Eventually I came my poor balls aching but she made me continue to watch until I was hard again, her hands working on me then as I witnessed me thank Max she laughed and told me that all this cock draining was good for me as it would stop me having unexpected, nasty, erections. Eventually I climaxed with my genitals on fire, my rear hurting and my thighs cramping and that was when she let me sink to my knees.

"You are such a good little boy!" She stated patting me on the head like a dog.

That night I slept in the basket for a few hours then had to attend to Becky when she went to the bathroom. It was odd as she hadn't ask me to do this during the day but I suspect she'd just forgotten. I waited then licked her clear and she told me I was a really good boy and I could warm myself up with her. I was under the covers of the bed trying to get the chill out of my feet when she started on me. She went down on me and despite the pain I was hard in a few minutes then she rode me to her own climax before slipping sideways and going to sleep. I don't think after all I'd endured I could cum anyway.

That morning (Sunday) she got me to take a bath then we actually had lunch together outside talking about work and other stuff before she told me she needed sex. She led me indoors and after stripping she cuffed my hands behind me before I gave her oral sex. This time we stopped when she decided she needed a pee and leading me into the toilet I knew what was about to happen. Her urine started as I was again licking her and I endured it spilling over my face (my mouth closed as it started) then once she'd finished I licked her dry.

Again my poor cock was sore but having not had an erection for around ten hours meant it actually grew properly hard as I sucked her to a climax only Becky tutted at this and jerked me off talking about what a little pervert I was and how lucky Kim was to have found a group of men who could properly satisfy her. I sat in the back of the car with wrists tied and my cock in a cage as Becky drove us back then once at my house she told me I was in for a surprise. We found Kim on the floor on a plastic sheet body coated with sperm as a black man fucked her. There were several others sitting around.

"Max thought I might need some cock!" She stated as we walked in. I was directed to a seat to watch the man ejaculate in her then another take his place. Once a third had also shot his load, this time over her face, the men finally left and that was when Becky told Kim I'd been milked dry.

"Great because I want you to fuck me, now while I'm like this!" Kim declared.

Becky got my cock free of the cage and actually sucked me until I got hard then hands still restrained I was directed onto my wife.

She kissed me deeply and I could taste the cum on her lips then she wrapped herself about me and worked with me as my cock slid in and out with virtually no friction at all, she was so open and slick with the semen from all those other men. "That's it, fuck your whore wife. I've fucked some really nasty men today and they all shot their sperm in my womb at least once." She locked her mouth on mine, digging her heels into my rear as she got me to pump at her. I felt ill and my cock was frankly so uncomfortable before this I was surprised I'd got hard at all but as my wife kissed me and moaned as we worked together eventually I realised to my shame I was becoming excited.

"That's it baby, fuck me with your tiny little man. I've fucked cocks three times your size so it's hard to tell if you're in me but it's worth a try!" She was getting off on this more than I'd expected. "Really fuck me cuckold, give me it hard, see if you are powerful enough to reclaim my pussy. It's your last chance to show me what a man you are!" She laughed at this then added: "I have a secret!" She told me as we got in rhythm. "I went out Friday night and I met one of your bosses." She was clearly very turned on by the news but I was baffled at this because my boss was away on business.

"What Tony?" I asked confused.

"No, not that dick-less white boy; your General Manager! He's a beautiful black man!" She let this sink in for a moment. "I've been introduced to him a few times, admittedly a while ago, but he also recognised me when I went to a bar last night on my own and we said hello. Anyway you know I mustn't ever refuse a black man so I offered myself to him and despite his being married he was very kind and fucked me!" she kissed me hard again as she got close to her own climax.

"I reminded him exactly who I was so when you go to work tomorrow look at him and remember he fucked your wife!" She grinned at me. "Oh! I was very good and got him to cum in me twice!" She was so excited by this and her muscles were working on me as she closed on her orgasm.

"He saw my tattoo so he knows I'm a dirty black cock whore and I even told him our first baby is black. He was so turned on by that he came in me the instant I mentioned it!" She hit her climax and groaned and bucked as she came, gripping me with her legs as she still jerked about trying to get me off as well. I was now close myself especially as at this moment Becky began rubbing my balls and telling me to shoot my blanks into Kim's already black seeded womb. I gave a moan and did so, delighting Kim as it triggered a secondary climax in her and in fact her orgasm was so intense that she clung onto me for ages.

"Fuck!" She declared. "That was actually fucking good! I feel a tiny bit guilty for cutting you off!" She giggled then looked at me. "I'm really messy so I need a tongue bath honey." She then pushed at my head indicating for me to go down on her. I began to slide down but she got me to start with her breasts which had a film of cum and sweat. I felt humiliated but then again I was used to it so I spent almost half an hour cleaning her, much of which was between her legs sucking huge amounts of cum from her. She had another climax at the end of this then got me to stop.

"Another confession, since I'm feeling very guilty now, since you've given me so much pleasure;" she looked at me. "Max ordered me to have sex with a dog a while back and I did!" She pretended to look unhappy but her eyes were alive with the thought of it all which made me realise this wasn't a joke. "I'm afraid you cleaned me after as well. I`m really sorry!" She clearly wasn't.

Becky seemed to think this time to pick me off her and then my wife went to the shower to clean up. I felt very sick both after doing what I had just done plus the revelation about the dog but sat silently until Kim came out then went to rid myself of the drying sperm that coated my face, neck and testicles. When I'd finished I came down to find Kim dressed in one of her tiny dresses watching Becky who was making dinner. We drank wine, ate a chilli but in all the time Kim hadn't passed a word with me. Finally when we sat in the lounge she addressed me:

"I'm sorry about the dog it was a gross thing to make you do but if I'm truthful I enjoyed the act and wanted to share the feeling of depravity and you sucking its cum from me did that! Forgiven?"

"Yes." I replied hoarsely.

"Good. Now I have news. Max allowed me to have sex with you because he thinks I take him for granted. Anyway don't think it's what I wanted, it won't happen again! I might give you the occasional hand job but having a little white pecker in me was frankly revolting! Anyway my revenge will be Calvin your General Manager! I'm going to fuck him in front of you along with any other black men who work with him. I want everyone at your factory who is black to have fucked me and to know that you don't!" She grinned at this. "Time for bed I think." Becky locked me in my cock-cage then went home with the key and I went to the spare room dreading the next few months.
