Spicing it up

"Remember today's your appointment for your checkup," Kaylee said to her boyfriend before getting out of bed.

"Yeah, yeah, yeah," he replied unenthusiastically.

"I'll pick you up at work and we'll go from there."

"Do you really have to?"

"Dr. Rosa specifically said that she wants me there too," Kaylee answered assertively.

Midafternoon found Kaylee and Dennis in the doctor's waiting room.  Kristy, a nurse's assistant, appeared.

"Dennis, come on back here now."

Dennis left the waiting room and followed the petite brunette.

Kaylee stayed in the waiting room.  Her sheer dress settled just above her knees as she sat with her hands in her lap and her bare legs together.  Dr. Rosa had told her that she'd be called in after some preliminary procedures.  She casually leafed through one of the old magazines as she waited. About a half hour later, a slender blonde nurse's aide with the name VICKY on her nametag called Kaylee and led her back to the examination room.

Kaylee was surprised when she entered the spacious examination room.  There was Dennis, naked, sitting up on the examination table, with a turgid erection and a light blush on his face.  Nurse Edna, Kristy, Vicky, and Dr. Rosa were all there.

Kaylee, concerned with all the activity in the room, stammered, "Is - is there -"

"There are no serious problems, Kaylee," interrupted Dr. Rosa.  "I want to address the social aspect, as it were, of your relationship.  Dennis indicates that you are both into the tenth year of your relationship, is that right?"

"Yes," Kaylee responded tentatively.

"How often do you have sex?"

"About three, four times a month"

"Would I be correct in concluding that sex is not an activity of great enjoyment for you as a couple?"

Kaylee looked down, and whispered, "Yes."

"This is very common, but it's not inevitable," Dr. Rosa stated.  "I'm going to demonstrate some techniques you can use to enhance sexual pleasure for both of you.  A woman's gynecological equipment, after all, is capable of giving and receiving intense pleasure."

Turning to the nurse, Dr. Rosa instructed, "Nurse Edna, please bring Dennis to a fully erect state and take measurements."

Nurse Edna smiled slightly as she went to where Dennis was seated.  "Please lie back on the table," she instructed, and gently nudged him until he was prone.  Then she skillfully tickle-touched his scrotum and cock until it throbbed and stood up like a flagpole.

"Kristy, please measure while I keep him erect," Nurse Edna instructed.  The petite brunette produced a flexible ruler and calipers.  Her slender fingers held Dennis' throbbing cock as she measured its length.

"Length - six point four," she said.  Then she measured its thickness at the base.

"Diameter - one point two."

"Thank you," Nurse Edna said as she released her hold on Dennis' erection.

"I will give you a list of nutritional supplements that he can take to increase his erect length and girth," Dr. Rosa said to Kaylee.  "Toward the end of the examination we will check the volume of his ejaculate.  He will likely benefit from supplements that will help in that area."

Dr. Rosa continued, "Now, one of the first things to keep in mind when trying to enhance your sex life is to break up old patterns.  We will now demonstrate some techniques to do just that.  These will increase arousal for both of you, and likely lead to a renewed excitement in your intimate life.  First, Nurse Edna will shave Dennis from the neck down, and -"

Dennis interrupted, "What?! Wait a minute -"

Kaylee's legs were pressed firmly together, and her hands pressed in on her crotch area.  She was clearly aroused.

Dr. Rosa said, "Dennis, it may interest you to know that some women find the idea of a man being body shaved intensely arousing.  Look at Kaylee now."

Kaylee blushed from the attention, and a shy smile graced her countenance.  Dennis had to admit that he had not seen Kaylee aroused to that extent in a long time, and that her arousal made her look younger.

"Nurse Edna will supervise the shaving, and her assistants will help - I will be back afterward."  Then she left the room.

"Dennis," Nurse Edna softly instructed, "Please step over here."  She indicated a marked area of the floor away from the examination table.  "That's it - now turn around and face me, and step over here so that your toes are touching this line.  Very good."

Nurse Edna smiled to herself as she anticipated the next step.

"Vicky, the cuffs."

The slender blonde candy striper produced two leather wrist cuffs and quickly slipped them on Dennis' wrists.  Before Dennis could react or object, Nurse Edna raised Dennis' arms above his head and snapped the cuffs onto a horizontal spreader bar.  Just as shock registered on Dennis' face, Nurse Edna calmly explained, "This is standard procedure for body shaving - we must keep your hands away so that you won't be accidentally nicked while you're being shaved."

"We will accomplish the shaving in two steps - first, Kristy will use electric clippers wherever you have longer hair; then we will apply warm lather and shave you with a razor.  Kristy, please demonstrate the use of the clippers."

The young brunette retrieved a hand held cordless electric clipper and stood before Dennis.  She switched on the clippers and spoke as a soft hum radiated from the instrument.

"First, I'll get the underarm hair," she said, and placed one hand on Dennis' shoulder as she efficiently maneuvered the clippers.  A patch of underarm hair fell to the floor.

"Now the other side," she sweetly said, and a patch of hair again fell from his armpit.

"Now I'll do his chest."  Kristy stood close to Dennis as she slid the electric clippers over his chest.  He began to get erect in spite of himself.

Kristy then squatted in front of Dennis and said, "Next - the legs - front and back," and with one hand on his inner thigh, ran the clippers over the front and sides of each leg.  She went behind him and clipped the longer hair from the back of his legs and thighs.  His cock stuck straight out, as much from the lass' handling him as from the increased nakedness he felt from being shaved.

"Lastly (giggle) we get rid of his pubic hair," Kristy tittered, and squatted in front of Dennis.  She grasped his erect cock and pulled slightly as she clipped away his pubic hair.

"Okay, now we are ready for the razor," Kristy said as she stood up.

Vicky walked to one side of Dennis.  There was a small cabinet, and on top was a lather making machine.

"For this part, we will use an ordinary razor," Vicky stated as she picked up a razor with a feminine design.  "Kristy will apply the lather, and I will demonstrate the razor shaving."

Kristy pressed a button on the lather machine and held one hand under its spout.  A couple seconds of whirring, and warm lather filled her hand.  With a bright smile on her face, she applied the lather to Dennis' underarms.  Then Vicky carefully shaved that portion.  Kristy then got a large handful of lather and applied it to Dennis' chest.  Vicky applied herself to removing all traces of hair from his upper body in front.

Kristy applied warm lather to Dennis' left leg from the knee down, and Vicky shaved it smooth, front and back.  Then his other leg from the knee down.  With a gleam in her eyes, Kristy profusely lathered Dennis' left leg from the knee up, and Vicky applied herself to that task.  She had Dennis spread his legs further apart, and his erection returned in full force as the young blonde candy striper held his cock and testicles to one side to get to his inner thighs.

Kaylee squirmed as she observed what was happening.

"Dennis, please turn around," Vicky instructed.  When he had done so, Kristy applied a generous serving of warm lather to his bottom, attentively placing some between his nether cheeks.

Vicky knelt down and instructed, "When you shave his bottom, be sure to spread them well apart so you can get to the hair immediately around the anal opening."  Her feminine fingers demonstrated what she meant.  "Now, using short strokes, we get the most sensitive area first."  She applied the razor as Dennis kept perfectly still.  Then Vicky shaved the remainder of Dennis' backside.

"Okay, please turn around again," she instructed.  The two candy stripers giggled as they noticed Dennis' rod sticking straight out.

Kristy got some more lather and applied it around the base of Dennis' cock and where his pubic hair had been clipped.  Vicky spread her knees wide as she squatted in front of him.  She pulled lightly on his cock and shaved what was left of his pubic hair.  Dennis moaned as Vicky's slender fingers wrapped around his hard member.

"Okay, now we will wipe him clean," Kristy announced, and the two candy stripers used several hot towels and cleaned the remnants of lather where they had shaved.  Dennis clearly enjoyed the attention the girls lavished on him.

Nurse Edna retrieved the doctor.

Dr. Rosa inspected the girls' shaving, running her hand across several areas of Dennis' body, including around his cock, and nodded in approval.

"Very good," she mused.  "Next on the agenda is a discussion of anal play.  Although few men like to really admit it, stimulation of the nether cheeks and anal area can be intensely arousing.  Adequate preparation for anal play involves cleanliness.  Colonic irrigation or use of the enema is a prerequisite.  Nurse Edna will take it from here, Kaylee, and will demonstrate how to administer a cleansing enema."

When Dr. Rosa left the room, Nurse Edna said, "Vicky and Kristy will assist me."

As if on cue from experience, Kristy retrieved a red two-quart closed top enema bag with an attached douche nozzle and held it up for all to see.  The red enema bag in one hand, the nozzle in the other.

"You can get a closed-top enema bag like this in the feminine hygiene section of many types of stores," Nurse Edna stated.  "The standard enema nozzle that comes with those, however, is too small and can slip out easily, so I recommend using something at least as thick as this douche nozzle.  In addition, the spray from the douche nozzle can be more stimulating than the straight-in flow of the small enema tip."

Kristy rotated the douche nozzle to call attention to it.

"I recommend at least two enemas before engaging in anal play.  The first enema consists of a soapsuds solution, and the second one is a rinsing enema.  Each enema should be retained for at least five minutes once the entire solution is inside.  We will address the solution itself in more detail shortly."

Kristy set the enema bag down.

"The recipient should be positioned so that he is on all fours, with his forehead down far enough to touch the surface.  Kristy, please position Dennis for his enema."

Kristy unhooked Dennis' wrist cuffs and led him by the hand to the examination table.

"Up on the table, please," Kristy instructed, and patted the table surface.

Dennis climbed up, his face showing apprehension.

"On your hands and knees, now," she crisply commanded.

"Now get your forehead down until it touches the surface of the table," she ordered.

When Dennis was in his position, Kristy further instructed, "Stay in that position while the enema enters you and during the retention period."

"Very good, Kristy," Nurse Edna said.  "While Dennis stays in position, please show Kaylee how to prepare the soapsuds solution."

Kristy was glad to take charge.  "Before we prepare his enema, I'd suggest an investment in a stainless steel stand which will hold the enema bag, leaving you free to administer it.  One like this," she said, pointing to a stand which Vicky had just moved up to the examination table, "is well worth the price.  Please see Nurse Edna afterward if you are interested in having one."

Kristy walked over to the sink.

"The temperature of the solution should be between 99 and 102 degrees F," she began, and turned on the water.

We will first prepare the water in this canister, and after making adjustments in the temperature, we will add salt and soap to the solution before transferring it to the two quart bag."

She filled the canister about two thirds full with warm water, and placed a thermometer in the solution.  Then she adjusted the temperature by adding warmer or cooler water until the canister was almost full and the temperature was right.

"Now a tablespoon of salt to prevent the solution from being absorbed excessively," she instructed, and added the salt as she stirred the solution for a moment.

"Now for the soap," she said.  "Use plain bar soap without added fragrances," she said, and unwrapped a bar.  "Using a kitchen knife or something similar, scrape about one to two tablespoons worth of shavings into the solution."

She demonstrated.

"Now stir it gently, and we're almost ready."

After a moment of stirring the solution, she opened the enema bag.

"Be sure the hose clamp is shut before pouring the solution into the bag," she said, and filled the bag with the prepared solution.

"Now flush out the air from the hose for a moment, and then top off the bag."

Kristy opened the hose clamp and a few intermittent jets of solution spurted from the nozzle, followed by a steady flow.  She shut off the flow, added more solution to the bag, and closed the top.  She hooked the bag onto the stainless steel stand where Vicky was.  Vicky took over the demonstration from that point.

"The best height of the bag," Vicky began, "is about eighteen inches above the insertion point.  The height can be adjusted for faster or slower flow of the solution as needed.  We have the soapsuds enema ready to give him.  Next, apply a thin coat of lubricant on the nozzle prior to insertion."

Vicky squeezed a small amount of water soluble gel on the nozzle and spread it around.  Then with a gleam in her eyes, she spread Dennis' shaved nether cheeks and touched the tip of the nozzle on his entrance.

"Gradually insert the nozzle until it is in most of the way," Vicky continued, and demonstrated.  Dennis gasped at the intrusion.

"Dennis, when you feel cramping, rock back and forth, and from side to side.  The cramps should subside in ten to twenty seconds.  I will start the flow."

A click, and the enema began to enter.

A few seconds later, Dennis uttered a whispered groan.  A few more seconds, and his reactions became more vocal.

"Uhhhh!  OH!  Ahhhh!"

"Come on!  Rock!  Quickly!" Vicky ordered, and as Dennis complied his cramps subsided.  He frequently groaned, "Ohhhhh!" as the enema filled him up and he felt full.

In a short time the entire two quarts were inside Dennis, and the bag's bulge from the solution flattened.  Dennis was almost constantly groaning now, and Vicky pulled the nozzle out.

"You've got to retain it for five minutes now," she said, and looked at her watch.  "It's got to do its cleansing work."

As the minutes slowly ticked by, Dennis twisted and writhed, frequently groaning.  Vicky admonished him a few times to keep his head down.

When five minutes had passed, Vicky gave Dennis an affectionate slap on his bottom and told him, "Okay, go get rid of it.  Take your time."

He scurried off the table and sprinted to the adjoining bathroom.

A few minutes before Dennis returned, Kristy prepared the rinsing enema.

"We consider a second enema essential," Nurse Edna explained.  "We prepare it using the salt, as before, but without the soap.  It will all go in, and will be retained for at least five minutes."

Dennis returned, and sheepishly stood by the examination table.  Kristy placed the bulging enema bag in place on its stand, and Vicky patted the surface of the table.

"Up here again, just like before," she instructed.

She lubricated the nozzle as he got into position, inserted it, and started the flow.  Dennis was clearly as uncomfortable as before.  When the bag emptied the last of the solution into him, she lightly ran her fingers over the surface of his shaved bottom, taking his mind off the immediate discomfort.

During the retention period, the only sounds in the room were those of Dennis' choked and whispered moans.  When the interminable five minutes elapsed, Vicky told him to get rid of the enema and take a shower.

The candy stripers cleaned the enema equipment and put it away while Dennis was out of the room.  Nurse Edna retrieved a small carrying case and placed it on a cart beside the examination table.

Kaylee smiled to herself when Dennis, completely body shaved and cleaned up, returned to the examination room.  She tried to conceal her arousal by standing still with her legs firmly together.  She could not keep from squirming frequently, however.

Nurse Edna took charge of the demonstration.

"Please lie on the table face down," she instructed.

She opened the carrying case where Kaylee could see its contents.  There were several rectal plugs and vibrating dildos neatly arranged, and a tube of water-based lubricant.

"Now that he is cleaned out, we can proceed to the next step - the use of rectal plugs and dildos.  You should have a supply of disposable gloves ready."

She snapped on a glove and continued.

"Lubricate him on the inside before this kind of anal play," she said, and squirted a generous amount of lubricant on the index finger of her gloved hand.  She spread Dennis' nether cheeks apart and penetrated him with her lubricated finger.  He squirmed.

"As you can see, he finds this pleasurable.  Move your finger all around, and at some point you'll contact his prostate."

"Uh!" Dennis moaned.

"Contact with the prostate is usually pleasurable for the male, and may cause some seepage of clear pre-ejaculate from his penis."  She kept on stimulating his prostate.

"Mmmm!  mmmmm!" Dennis moaned as he twisted slightly.

Nurse Edna withdrew and placed more lubricant on her index finger and re-inserted it.  While keeping his nether cheeks spread apart, she spent a moment wiggling her finger inside as Dennis unsuccessfully tried to keep his exclamations of pleasure to himself.

"Now," the nurse continued, "we can use some rectal plugs."

She retrieved a pliable butt plug about five inches long.  It had a knob at its base which would serve to keep it from slipping out, and was tapered.

"Apply sufficient lubricant," she instructed as she squeezed a glob on the plug and spread it around.

"Now we slowly and gradually insert it until the knob near the base is inside."

While one hand again spread Dennis' nether cheeks apart, she held the tip of the plug against his sphincter for a moment and then slowly shoved it in.

"He will retain this for a few moments to get him accustomed to having the plug inside.  It's normal for the male to become aroused by the sensation.  Once he has become somewhat accustomed to the plug, you can use the larger ones or you can use a vibrating dildo.  I recommend using a rectal plug for a while before any anal play involving a dildo."

Nurse Edna then slowly removed the rectal plug and fetched a vibrator about 6 inches long and 3/4 inch thick.  She lubricated it and inserted it part way into Dennis.

"Always be gentle when using a dildo."

Dennis groaned with pleasure as Nurse Edna repeatedly and slowly shoved it in and out.

"It's stimulating his prostate with each thrust," the nurse continued.  "I will very briefly use its vibrating action."

She switched on the vibrator and thrust in and out three times, turned it off and withdrew it.

"If the vibrating action is sustained, the male may ejaculate.  Keep that in mind and you can use that to your advantage."

She took the plug and vibrator to the sink and washed them in warm soapy water and rinsed them off.

"Vicky and Kristy will now check the volume of his ejaculate.  Bear in mind that frequent arousal will increase his volume.  He has been stimulated repeatedly, so we will see a best case today.  Later samples can be taken and compared, especially after a few weeks of nutritional supplements."

Kristy went to Dennis' side.

"Please stand up now, facing me."

When Dennis was positioned as requested, Kristy smiled, squatted in front of him, and lightly fingered his cock, which became fully erect in a few seconds.  There was evidence of previous seepage from the dildo play.  She shifted part of her attention to his testicles, and applied her fingers in a teasing tickle-touch manner.  Dennis gritted his teeth and panted in frustrated arousal.

After a few minutes of teasing, Kristy stood up and retrieved a small plastic measuring beaker.  Vicky applied oil to her hands and grasped Dennis' throbbing cock.  She looked into his eyes with a teasing expression while she slowly and firmly stroked his member with her oiled hands.

After a short duration, Dennis gasped, and Vicky continued to stroke as she pointed his cock into the measuring beaker.

"Ahh-UHHHHHHH! OHH! AHH! OHHH!" Dennis exclaimed as he erupted.  Streaks of pent-up semen at first splattered, then pulsed into the beaker while Vicky continuously milked him.  When he stopped spurting, Vicky expertly extracted his residual semen.  When it was apparent that Dennis had no more to give, Kristy withdrew the beaker and took it to the counter to accurately measure the quantity.

"That concludes your examination and demonstration for today," Nurse Edna remarked to Dennis.  "You can get dressed and wait for Kaylee in the waiting room."

As Dennis was leaving the examination room, Dr. Rosa came in to talk with Kaylee.  She had a manila folder.

A while later Kaylee came out into the waiting room.  She smiled broadly as she held a carrying case - Dennis recognized it as the set of dildos and rectal plugs - and a plastic sack with what appeared to be bottles of supplements.  Vicky followed her, carrying a stainless steel stand, obviously meant for giving enemas, and a medium sized box.

That evening Kaylee led Dennis into their bedroom and she shed her clothes.  She helped Dennis remove his clothes, and she lay spread-legged on the bed while he brought her to a quick climax with his mouth between her legs.

Kaylee had him lie on the bed face up and sexily ran her hands all over his shaved body while his cock gradually became erect.  Then she had him turn over face down, and felt him all over.  Dennis sighed with arousal.  She opened the carrying case and retrieved a medium sized dildo, lubricated it, and fucked Dennis with it over an extended period of time.

When he was almost crazy from arousal, she lay on her back and had Dennis enter her.  As he pounded her pussy with his thrusts, she penetrated him with the dildo and turned on its vibrator.  After only a few seconds of the vibrating, Dennis arched his back, gritted his teeth, and spurted intensely and wildly inside Kaylee.

A few minutes later, Dennis' cock sipped out from Kaylee's pussy.  
"That was good!" she said.  "We'll start you on your supplements tomorrow.  Also, Dr. Rosa wants to see us again in six weeks."

-----
This story is copyright 2005, 2009 by (rick_oh at onolanke (dot) router5.com).  All rights reserved.  No reposting without permission.  Please see my other stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
