hello erotica lovers. i am real sex hunter. and i love to hunt mature aunties hungry for sex.
i had developed some guranted tricks due to which aunties get stuck in my trap.
last month i completed my 23 years of age.
ours is a residential society of reputed people in posh area.
i like this society specially becoz many sexy mature aunties i love.
the most geourgeous and most sexy most sensational aunty is VINITHA aunty.
whom i love the most.vinitha is around 38 years aged and 5'.5''
she is very fair lady with unmatched basic insticts and assets.
i masturbate atleast twice a day thinking of her sexy figure.
below is the sexpirience took place between i and vinitha.

it was around 09:00 clock in morning. when i was going for my office.
one of my friend wished me for my birthday and asked for party. i told him
that today my office is half day. and i will return around 3:00 p.m in noon.
so we will celebtrate in evening. he told that he will inform all other group friends about same.
i saw my sex dream vinitha aunty in gallery. she was having her morning tea. i suppose she heard all conversation
between i and my friend. and i went to office.

then in afternoon around 3:00 p.m i entered my society and to surprise vinitha was again in gallery. and looking at gate
as if she is waiting for me to come. then i went to house. my parents were gone to native place
to solve some property matters work. for a week. i entered my house. and removed all my clothes except my undies.
i got freshed and drank a can of coke. suddenly door bell rang. so i covered my self with towel
and opened door. wov to my surprise my sex dream sex bomb VINITHA AUNTY was in front of me.
she was looking so geourgeous. i got little bit erection. i invited her to come inside.
she asked for my parents. i told her they were out of town.
then she wished me happy birthday. her sexy soft very fair hand was in my hand.
some gre8 ideas started entering my mind. i did non wanted to miss this oppurtunity.
so i did not left her soft sexy hand. a current went through my body as first time i was holding her hand.

but she tried to remove her hand and i was also little bit afraid so i left.
she was starring at my well built sexy body and hairy chest.
vinitha asked me that what gift i wanted on occasion of my birth day.
i suddenly replied that i want to see ur beuty. she said u r looking at me.
i said again i want to see ur buety. i said i want to see u from inside.
with gathering much bold ness i told her that i want to see u undressed.
she became shy and told me that u r naughty boy. now i started getting erection.
so i caught her sexy soft hand and told her that please remove all ur clothes.
this will be the very perfect b'day gift for me in my whole life time.
i suddenly started removing her saree. she was refusing me. and telling me that this is not right.
she is much older that me and also a married women.
but i was not able to stop and i did not listen to her. now i completely removed her saree
and told her that she is my sex dream. and i love her very very much.
i want to have sex with her. now my towel was also fell down on floor. and she noticed my
full length penis was trying to come out my undies.

i started kissing all over her. i caught her soft silky lips with mine. and was playing with my tounge with her tounge.
also kissed her all over neck ears. now my hands were moving over her soft silky sexy stomach.
now she started responding in very good positive manner. i became more bold.
and removed her blouse. i suddenly pulled thread knot of her petticoat. and the sexy vinitha was
standing in lingerie. with no wasting any moment i pulled her BRA. and panty down to floors.
to the first time huge gorgeous sexy women was standing nude in front of me.
my hands went towards her black nipples and it were so erected that my tounge was unable to control so
my tounge was playing with nipples. now she was completely in my control and melted.
then vinitha told me that do anything with her. she needs sex very much.
she also told me that these days as her husband is busy in some project so comes late at night
and is overloaded with work. so he dont have time even to think about sex. so she is starving from last two months.
now i was not able to control and so i seperated her sexy soft fair thighs and wov huge jungle hairry pussy was
in front of me. my tounge went in the jungle and found two vouluptous soft pussy lips. my tounge started playing with her pussy lips.
she became uncontrollable . and told me not to waste a single moment andvinitha guided me towards vagina hole.
and gently i inserted my 7'' hard rock huge cock inside her within a strole.
i was increasing my stroke speed and vinitha was moaning and shouting loudly...........aaaaahhhhh......ufffffff....mmmmm mmmmm
common fasf ........mmmmmmmhmmmmhhhhmmmmmmmmmm.....ufffff..... .fast darling more more...........aaahhh....aaahhhh......aaaahhhh
and within 3-4mins i flodded her well with all my love juice. i wbecame cool but still she was so hot......that she suddenly took my loose penis in her
mouth and within no time she made it again erected at its full length. and again i inserted in her well. i started stroking .......she was njoying at fullest.
and i too. this time it took around 7-8 mins to cum. and again i flooded her well.

this way i fucked her atleas 5 to six times trying different positions. then we cleaned ourselves.
I THANKED VINITHA A LOT FOR GIVING ME A PERFECT BIRTH DAY GIFT.
i was around 6:30 p.m. so vinitha told me that she will cook some food for her husband and me too
and again return to my house.
meanwhile i went to CD shop to hire some good adult sex movies.
at 8.30. p.m vinitha came to my house. i was watching the blue films.
vinitha told me that her husband is busy on site for project work and he will not return home
till morning. then we both had dinner which vinitha had brought from her house.
then we both got undressed. and watched adult movies ( XXX ) and tried all sex positions
from movie. till 2.30 mid night we had sex and slept.
again in morning 7.30 a.m we had bath together and had sex once in bathroom.
vinitha went to house. and i slept as i was very tired fucking her whole night.
THIS INCIDENT I WILL NEVER FORGET. A