Bound and Milked (Femdom)

Summary: Teasing and Denial, with discipline and milking.

I had refrained from ejaculation for 3 days, as requested.  I knew in 
general what I would be going through - a long session of arduous 
teasing followed by multiple ejaculations.  The sessions are grueling 
and leave me completely spent.  This is what my session with Kym was 
like yesterday:

I came to her place at 2 PM.  My erection struggled to get out as soon 
as she answered the door - a fact that she used to her advantage.

She led me to her living room, and kicked off her sandals.  Then she 
slipped off her shorts.  I'm crazy about her legs - they're incredibly 
sexy, and she knows it.  She left her long sleeved shirt on, and 
unbuttoned the three top buttons.  The shirt tail obscured her crotch.

She seated herself on the sofa and told me to take off everything.  I 
quickly shed my clothes and knelt before her.  I ran my hands over her 
sexy legs while she enjoyed my attention.  My nuts ached and my 
throbbing cock pointed straight out.  A few minutes of this and she 
giggled and said, "Stand up now - hands behind your back."

Kym efficiently bound my hands together behind my back.  Now it was 
her game.  She slipped off her panties, sat on the sofa, and spread 
her legs.  She thrust her hips forward, smiled, and beckoned me to 
come hither.

Again I knelt before her and approached her mound.  Her ample pubic 
hair had a sensuously inviting look to it - I would have loved to 
plunge inside, brusquely pump for a while, and wildly spew forth a 
healthy serving into her womanhood.

I inhaled the scent from her pussy - the scent that I had come to 
love.  I tasted her flavor as I licked and kissed.  She sighed, then 
moaned.  She grasped my head and pulled my mouth close in - I knew 
that she wanted me to kiss and lick harder - and I did.  She trembled 
and writhed in orgasm and I kept kissing until she pulled me away.

Thus temporarily satiated, Kym was in a position to give more complete 
attention to my situation.  She put her feet well apart and brought 
her knees closer together.  Then she told me to stand up and come over 
to her.  I stood before her, my erection jutting out at attention.  
She smiled sexily and reached under my nuts and lightly fingered them. 
 She kept doing that for a long while.  I sighed, and eventually 
squirmed.  She giggled frequently, knowing that her attentions were 
incredibly arousing to me.

"Oh, look!" she exclaimed.  "He's seeping now! (giggle)"

Clear droplets of pre-cum oozed from the tip of my flagpole.  I 
frequently gazed at her glistening womanhood.  I ached to be inside 
the sweet confines of her pussy.

"I think you're getting too aroused," Kym giggled.  "Let's go in the 
bedroom, and we'll take care of that - for a while, at least."

My hands bound behind me, I followed her to her bedroom.  She placed a 
firm pillow in the center of the bed and pointed to it.

"Face down, and wait for me."

She was gone for several minutes.  Then I heard her return.

"Guess what I did," she giggled.  "I went out and got some nice sturdy 
switches (giggle).

She grasped one and whipped it through the air a few times and my 
bottom tingled with dread.

"Get ready, now," she said, "and try not to squirm too much.  Here 
goes!"

She whipped the switch across my bare bottom.  It jolted me like a 
lightning bolt and I kicked wildly.  "Aaaaah!"

Kym giggled, and then applied the switch with a steady cadence.  I 
wiggled; I squirmed; I kicked my legs; I twisted; I raucously 
exclaimed.  I begged her to stop.  It's always surprising how much a 
switch can hurt.

Several times during the switching I turned and twisted so that I was 
on my side.  Kym had to stop momentarily and get me back in position 
face down on the pillow.

"No - get back there!  Stop getting out of position!  Come on!  On 
your tummy!"

"Kym, that's enough! Please!"

"If you argue with me, I'll tie you down in position.  Come on!  Over 
you go.  Good."

Whip!  Whip!  Whip!  Whip!  Whip!

"Kym!  Kym!  Aaaaugh!  Owwww!  Oooooh!  Oh!  Aaaah!  Ow-Ow!"

"Stop that twisting!  Get back over!"

Whip!  Whip!  Whip!  Whip!  Whip!  Whip!  Whip!

"Oh God, Kym!  OWWW!  Please stop!  PLEASE PLEASE stop!   Ooooh!  
Aaaaah!"

That's how it went, and she kept on switching until my bottom felt 
like it was incandescent.  Then she let me up and we went back in the 
living room.  From previous sessions, I knew that her pussy was 
abundantly creamy.  She unbuttoned the lower button on her shirt and 
tied the bottom of the shirt tails in front of her as she seated 
herself on the sofa.  She jutted her hips forward, and I knew what she 
wanted.  With my hands still tied behind me and a livid bottom, I 
knelt down between her legs and orally stimulated her to climax.  By 
the time she had exclaimed out loud in orgasm, my cock was again 
rock-hard, although my bottom still stung from her switching.

Kym reached around and untied my hands.

"Okay," she said.  "Bring the bench in here."

What I was about to go through was probably more grueling than what 
had transpired so far.  I brought a modified weight lifting bench from 
the other room and set it in the center of the living room.  My 
insides fluttered in anticipation.

"Lie down on the bench - face up."

The bench accommodated me from my knees to my head.  I took the 
position that Kym wanted.  She got up and bound my ankles to the front 
legs of the bench, and then bound my hands together under it so that 
she had unencumbered access to me.  My erect, throbbing cock betrayed 
my excitement.

"I almost forgot something," she said, and retrieved another binding 
strap.  Then she secured it around my hips to prevent me from 
thrusting.

Kym oiled her hands with olive oil, and then with a coy smile, 
gingerly approached my throbbing erection.  She very lightly 
hand-jobbed me until she sensed I was near ejaculation.  I sighed as 
she sweetly stimulated me, at the same time I knew that any sexual 
relief for me would be considerably delayed.

She stood smiling with her hands on her hips.  The ends of her shirt 
tied together in front made her naked hips and legs all the more 
alluring.  When she sensed that my arousal had decreased enough so 
that I could endure more stimulation, she resumed the light slithering 
of her hands up and down my hard shaft, occasionally tickle-touching 
my testicles.

I seeped pre-cum, and Kym giggled.  She stopped stroking and then 
straddled the bench.  Her hips were enticingly just out of range of my 
cock, and then she pried open her creamy pussy and inserted my 
throbbing cock inside her.  In one steady motion, she took my full 
length and then kept still for a moment.  Then she slowly withdrew 
completely, and placed her pussy on my mouth.

"Suck!" she commanded.  I tasted her cream mixed with the olive oil 
that she had used on me.  After just a moment, she pulled back and 
again impaled herself on my cock and kept still for a moment, and then 
withdrew and had me suck on her snatch for a little while.  She 
repeated that, sometimes giving one or two pumps after taking my full 
length.  Over a period of twenty minutes or so, she experienced three 
climaxes from my oral attention, and I was desperate for relief.  She 
continuously kept me on the edge of ejaculation, much to her delight.

Then, one of the times that she took me inside, she pumped with short 
strokes and paused, over and over.  Since my hips were bound to the 
bench, I could not thrust or pump.

With a sexy, breathy, panting whisper-voice, she asked, "Do you want 
to cum?   Are you ready to squirt?  Mmmmmm, this feels good!  Are you 
ready?  Do you want to cum?"

Kym's eyes were wide.  Her talk alone, along with her sexy mannerisms 
and appearance, brought me across the threshold of ejaculation.  I 
desperately wanted to thrust wildly, but she would not permit it.  
Just as I exclaimed with a loud, anguished "Aaaaaauh" and started to 
spurt, she pulled back until I was inside her just a little, and kept 
still.  My cock pulsed and throbbed, and frustratingly propelled a few 
spurts of semen while she smiled with her lips pressed together.

I was still aroused since I did not have the satisfaction of a full 
ejaculation.  Kym knew that and had planned it that way.  She kept her 
hips motionless and leaned down to kiss me.  After a few tender kisses 
she held my head in place with both hands, and withdrew her pussy.  
She quickly planted her cum-streaked pussy on my mouth and commanded, 
"Suck it good!"

Since I was greatly aroused, it was easier to do that than if I'd had 
a satisfying ejaculation.  I applied my efforts to her creamy vaginal 
area.  Kym again climaxed raucously as I sucked out our creamy 
mixture.

She untied me and let me up for a few minutes.  The session was far 
from over, and I knew that I was just getting a short break.  She knew 
I was intensely aroused and didn't want to leave me in a situation 
where I'd take matters into my own hand, so to speak.  So she had me 
sit next to her on the sofa.  Of course, she continued to tease by 
stroking, touching, and rubbing all over my body.  That quickly 
brought me again to an erect state .

Kym led me into the bathroom and generously soaped her hands.  Then, 
with the pretext of washing my boner clean, she proceeded to stimulate 
me just short of ejaculation several times while she stroked my cock 
with her smooth, soaped-up hands.  Then she delicately rinsed and 
wiped the soap off my throbbing erection.  Her frequent giggling alone 
almost brought me off.

Then it was back to being tied to the bench, as before.  She repeated 
the olive oil treatment, and then got considerable pleasure from 
straddling my cock for a few moments while I could not thrust and 
pump, and having me suck her clean.  After several repetitions, she 
was ready to milk me again, and pumped with very short strokes until 
my cock began to pulse.  She quickly withdrew, and my frustrated 
erection dribbled a few weak spurts of semen.

I was intensely aroused and frustrated.  I would have loved to tie Kym 
to the bed, her incredible legs spread apart, and brusquely plunge 
into her delectable pussy, and thrust and pump until my lust was spent 
inside her.

Kym was so aroused that her voice quavered when she spoke.  She untied 
my bindings and washed my member with soapy hands again as she had 
previously done.  She drew out the process over about fifteen minutes, 
and I was at the same time drained and erect.  This was just as she 
wanted me for the next step.

She seated herself on the sofa, thrust her lovely hips forward, spread 
her legs, and leaned back with her hands behind her head.

"Get on your knees and rub my legs - all over," she instructed, 
knowing that would add to my longing.

I got down and lightly ran my hands over her smooth and firm legs.  I 
felt her knees, and then massaged a little harder.  As I worked on her 
sensuous thighs I could not help gazing at her sexy hips and her sweet 
pussy.  Kym clearly enjoyed my attentions, and after several minutes I 
lightened my touch and ended up feeling her smooth silky skin again.  
My boner was rock-hard.

"That was good," Kym said.  She told me to put my hands behind my back 
and she tied them together.  I was still kneeling in front of her, and 
she reached forward and lightly grasped my testicles in one hand.  My 
whole midsection ached for relief, and my erection jutted straight 
out.  I saw that she was so aroused that her feminine cream leaked 
from her pussy.

"What I want you to do now," she said, "is go inside me, but keep 
completely still unless I tell you to pump.  Even if you ejaculate, I 
want you to keep still.  If you don't, I'm going to give you another 
switching - one that you WON'T forget!"

She had placed a couple of sturdy switches beside her, and she picked 
one up and whipped it through the air a few times.  My bottom still 
tingled from the switching I got earlier that day, and I definitely 
did not want to incur another one.

"Okay now," she said, "in we go..."  She grasped my erection and 
guided it into her.  It felt so sweet as I entered her all the way to 
the hilt.

"Ahhhh," she said.  "Now, pump once."

I pulled back until I was almost out, and then gave a full thrust 
until I was in all the way, and stopped.

"Ooooh!  Ahhhhh!" she cooed.  "That's good." 

She waited a moment, and then said, "Again!"

I plowed again - one thrust.

"Mmmmmmm, yes!"

After a few seconds, "Again!"

As I gave the one thrust, my nuts ached, even though the sensation of 
my cock slithering inside her felt heavenly.  She kept on like that, 
waiting a moment between single thrusts.  I got hotter and more 
aroused, and before long my cock twitched or jerked when I went in all 
the way.  A couple of times I almost could not help giving a small 
second thrust immediately after the one she directed.  She took care 
of that by firmly whipping the switch across my bottom a couple of 
times.  That brought my resolve to the fore.

After many more single thrusts, Kym sensed by my reaction that I was 
near another ejaculation.

"Be careful, now," she admonished.  "When you start to ejaculate, just 
hold still - or it'll be a severe switching!"

I knew that the feeling of wanting to continuously pump and thrust 
would be almost overpowering when I came to ejaculate - after all, 
that's what comes naturally.  And Kym wanted me to go against the urge 
to do that.  It would be very difficult, being aroused to a feverish 
pitch and being inside her luscious pussy - and between her incredible 
legs, looking at those sensuous hips.  But I desperately wanted to 
please her, as it would eventually be well worth the effort.

Finally, I felt my insides clench, and the entire length of my cock 
was steeped in orgasmic pleasure.  I thrust in all the way, and 
exclaimed, "Kym-Kym-Kym!"

"Stay right there, darling" she encouraged as my erection pulsed and a 
few jets of semen shot into her creamy receptacle, followed by what 
felt like a steady seep for a few seconds.  She held me close as 
steadily as she could while I leaned forward against her and panted 
heavily.  It had indeed taken all my determination to keep from 
plowing as I ejaculated.  Part of my resolve was the certainty of a 
severe switching on top of the one I got earlier that day, and another 
part was my wanting to see where it would lead if I did as Kym wanted. 
 My ejaculation had not been the satisfying kind - it was instead a 
milking.  My entire midsection screamed at me for relief.

"You did good!" Kym exclaimed as she ran her fingers through my hair.  
When my breathing had calmed down I noticed that my cock was still 
hard - and wanting.

Kym smiled sexily and untied my hands.  I was still inside her. The 
she leaned back and put her hands behind her head.

"Okay, darling - give me every last drop you have - I want it all!"

That was the green light.  I grasped Kym's lovely legs and felt them.  
My cock throbbed, and I began pumping.  I gave full hard thrusts, and 
wanted to work up a long, fulfilling ejaculation.  My entire 
midsection tingled with frustrated desire, and I watched my hard 
erection plunge in and out of the creamy pussy that had so effectively 
milked me.  That same frustrated desire made it all the more 
pleasurable for Kym, and I pumped and thrust for a long while before I 
felt the certainty of a fresh ejaculation building up.

I slowed the tempo of my thrusts, and made them deliberate and hard.  
Kym exclaimed with each one - "Ah! Ah!  Oh!  Ah!".  The feeling became 
stronger, and all it took then was the sight of her lovely hips and 
her smile, and I crossed the point of inevitability.  Although my cock 
was steeped in orgasmic sensation, I felt each spurt traverse the full 
length of my erection and shoot into Kym's receptacle.  One spurt - 
then another, and another, and another.  As I injected Kym with my 
juices, I leaned forward for as much bodily contact as possible, and 
pounded her pussy with my thrusts.

Although my ejaculation had been unhampered, my desire and arousal had 
not been quenched due to the previous milkings and teasing.  Such was 
Kym's strategy, and twice more during that night I plowed her pussy 
long and hard, until I felt the sensation of the spurts traverse my 
cock and spurt inside her.  My orgasms were absolutely wrenching and 
long lasting, and Kym delighted in my squirming and writhing while 
inside her.

Both times I drove her to climax.

Kym mentioned the next day that she wanted to make bondage milking a 
regular part of our sex play.

-----
This story is copyright 2004, 2006 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com).  All 
rights reserved.  No reposting without permission.
