My Hot Teacher.

My name is Rony. It was happened when I
was in school and just I was 16 years at that time. In my school
there are so many teachers
but one of them liked me so much and she always pay attention to me
so much. Her name
was Aditi and she was a beauty of 30 years and she
got a figure of
36-28-38. I usually sit on the front desk in my classroom one day as
usual she was giving
all of us a lesson, suddenly during the lecture she scratched between
her legs as she was
feeling itching inside her private parts, at first she did not
noticed that I was watching but
when she suddenly saw me she gave me a shy look in my eyes. At that
time I didn't know something about sex and do masturbate, but not
thinking about a fuck. When she scratched her private I
don't know what I feel but all is I feel adventurous. The next day is
the PT period in which
Aditi used to command us and she was our PT coach too. It was too
hot in the ground that
day and I almost was wet due to sunlight and my cheeks were getting
red because of the
heat, in the PT the next exercise is of sit ups (stand and sit) and
when our teacher was doing
this to show us how to do I hear a sound of cloth tore. Oh it
was our teacher, her pant
was tore a bit from center due to sitting. I noticed it again but
when she saw me now she
gave me a look like she was annoyed. Then the period was over and she
went to the staff
room and took the keys of the dressing room and went inside and I was
following her. Because
I want to know what was happened because this feeling was unknown to
me but I was
interested to see that what thing is in her pants that make her feel
always shy. I stand near
the window when she went into the dressing room. I peeped through the
window. I saw that
she went behind a curtain and removing her pant and when she removed
it she was sitting on
a chair and trying to take off something from between her legs oh man
what I saw. I saw a
cotton length with blood stains on it and I saw my teacher rubbing
her thighs and whispering
"ohhh maaaa ahhhh" I don't know what she mean of saying this I then
went inside she was
already behind the curtain then I suddenly asked any problem teacher
because I was
frightened from the blood. She was shocked and said that nothing I
asked about blood she
said don't worry and not to tell anyone and she said me now go to
your class and I obeyed.

The next day in the class she seems a bit nervous and when the period
was over she said to
me to come into the staff room and she will check my homework there.
It was break time in
the school I went to the staff room and saw my teacher was sitting on
a chair and asking me
to come inside and said to sit. Then she ask "Tum nay kisi ko blood
kay baray main to nahin
bataya " I said no teacher she said good boy and caressed my hairs
with her fingers. Then she
ordered me that she has some work after school and I should have
with her to help. I asked
that my mom will not allow me then she said that don't worry I will
call her and get
permission for you. During our conversation she quickly got up and
walk fast towards the
bathroom and she forget to lock the door. I followed to the bathroom
and
saw that she was
removing her shalwar and massaged her private part. I think she
was having some problem
because she was whispering in pain and then she sat on the flush and
shouted in pain "ooh
iiieeeee"and I saw a stream of blood flowing down the flush I haven't
seen her private part up
till then because of her kamiz and then she pissed urine and washed
herself and started to
come out. I quickly ran away because I don't want to know her that I
saw her, but she noticed
running me and smiled on my face, then I attended the rest of the
periods and the school was
over. When all the school was empty I went to find her but I
didn't find her anywhere
but when I was passing through the canteen she was sitting there she
asked me to come in
and sit beside her and she said that now we will do our work and she
have to arrange some
files and I should have to help her, then we went to the staff room.
There she was trying to
find some files and she asked me to bend down and see the files
under the cupboard. I
obeyed when I was bending she let her knee touch my ass I felt
nothing and she said sorry. I
said it is ok. Then she said do you like to play a game I said ok but
what is the game? I
asked. She said it is very enjoyable game but promise not to tell
anyone I promised her ok. She said, "lets go to my home and there we
will play the game". We then moved to her home. We reached her
place, no one was there. We entered and she holding my arm led me to
the bedroom and she sat
on the bed. And said Rony I saw you when you were watching me in
the bathroom but I
want to ask you that how you feel when you were watching me I said
that I
was frightened to see
the blood. She laughed then and said that don't worry it is common
in
girls all the girls have
this problem in a month and it is called menses but why do you
frightened. I said it is strange
I haven't seen anything like this before and she said that today was
my last day of blood and
now it is over but I have some pain in my private part due to it.
I then asked her what is the game. She
said to me "tumhari pant may kya hai" I said legs she laughed then
and said do you have
any tube like thing in your underwear I said yes penis I have. But
why you asked teacher. She
said I want to see it, take off your pants down. No
teacher it is bad. No Rony it is
not bad let me do it for you baby. Then she pulled down the zipper of
my pant pulled it down, and put her
hand inside and grabbed my cock out it was limp. Wow it looks pretty
good then she gripped
my cock with her fingers and started to rub my dick. I was so ashamed
at that time that what
is happening to me then she take away her hand and asked "Rony kabhi
tum nay girls ki
tangoon main kuch dekha hai"? I said no I haven't seen because I was
unknown what she was
trying to do with me. Then she grabbed my hand and put it on her tits
they were so soft and
she kissed me harder on my lips and slide her tongue into my mouth
and I can feel her saliva
going into my mouth. Then she said "Rony meray boobs ko dabao" when I
was pressing she was
moaning ahhhh ohhh "araam say" then she started undressing herself
but she only let her bra
and panties on and then she open the buttons of my pant and slide it
down. Oh God I was
shivering because it was adventurous for me then she said to unhook
her bra, I did and wow I
saw a pair of breasts. She pushed my head to her boobs and said"
inhain chooso meri jan
maray nipples ko kaato" and when I was sucking she was whispering "oh
God ahhhhhhh araam
say dard hota hai". Then she asked me " apna haath meri panty kay
andar dalo" and when I did
I feel some thick hairs in it and so much wetness my hand was all wet
and sticky. Then she
removed her panties and opend her legs wide. Oh man I saw that there
was black hairs and a
red hole. First time ever I saw a pussy. She said to lick it but
when I placed my head on it I
declined because I was smelling
like pee but she pushed my head again and said to do it for your
teacher I was licking her hole
then she said me to stand up and then she got on her kneels and put
my limp cock into her
mouth. Ohhhhhh it feels me so great and the taste was out of this
world and she took whole of
my cock into her mouth down her throat. Then she stopped and laid on
the bed and said to
kneel between her legs then she gripped my cock. Touched it on the
entrance of her hole there she rubbed my cock
head on her pussy lips
and shouted "andar dalo". I pushed it in
one thrust oh My it was
so hot like a furnace after a few strokes She was whispering on my
ears many sexy words in
our languagelikeoh my sweety fuck me harder my pussy not get a
cock for a long time. Now your cock is inside my pussy.now thrust
harder and harder
and make my pussy
soft..make my pussy cum..I need all your milk from your cock to my
pussy. Fill my pussy
with your cock milk my dear boyShe asked me to tell her sexy words
like this and I
whispered in her ear the same thingShe started making funny noises
and was saying
something to me which I could not understood. After few minutes, I
started having a sort
of feeling on my body. It was like a small current passing through.I
told her about it and she
told me that I nearing to the climax but she stopped and she made me
lie on the bed and
then she hold my cock in her hand and she then started sitting in it
until her pubic hairs
and mine are met with each other then she started moving up and
down. My sweet teacher Aditi now started fucking me.
I was feeling so good
that it cannot be explained in words. She was saying "oh aaj main mar
jaoon gi oh my god. Rony
tum bhi to apni hips ko uthaoo ah zoor say aur zoor say maaro". Then
she moaning loudly and
her motion got fast. I suddenly felt that her hole was clutching me
tightly and I felt a hot fluid
on my penis and cummed in my sexy teacher's pussy.
That is the first fuck of my life and it continued till the end of my
school days. Because after schooling I went out of city for my
higher study and missed that sluty teacher Aditi a lot. But I always
remember her and always want teacher like her.

