I shouldn't have allowed it to happen. It was incredibly cruel but I became so embroiled in the `game' I was swept along with the tide.

To explain: I'm not a young man being in my late forties and my wife while six years younger than me at forty two, was also no spring chicken. Being typically middle-class; with two children, a dog, a reasonable house in a good area and a huge mortgage we were happy enough if a little frantic most times.

My daughter Libby was seventeen at the time while Josh was a troublesome fourteen both the usual mix of inertia and sullenness. My wife Gail was a working mother and actually usually busier than me most days although we earned about the same.

We met Rachel at a party only a few doors down from our house but to be honest while she was in the thick of things I didn't actually chat to her until much later when we were both getting drinks. She was many years my junior (almost sixteen) and certainly a good deal more of an extravert than me but I started chatting with her and the three or four others staying in the kitchen

She was sharp and amusing, and while I'd definitely lost the level of humour I'd had back in my own twenties and thirties (children and life wearing me down) I found her easy to talk to and began to feed off her natural wit. Soon I was quipping with her and before long we were hitting it off.

We were perfectly open with each other, I chatted about my wife and she admitted she was very recently separated from her partner of eight years. It turned out she had found out he was seeing a married woman but what upset her most was the casual way he'd responded to her upset and anger.

"The bastard didn't seem to care!" She said as we were left on our own, the others having gone for a bop. "Decided since we weren't even married that it wasn't a big thing! I mean fuck it, we'd lived together for eight year and I expected more from him." She paused and took a few mouthfuls of wine then added, "Although to be honest things had grown stale between us and I think we were both tired of the relationship. Fuck! I hate married women."

"All of them?" I asked grinning, "Even your mother?"

"Well perhaps she's exempt." Rachel responded with a smirk. "No I believe marriage is a licence to frustrate. Great for blokes because it doesn't mean a lot when you get down to it as you all think with your genitals and most men will break their vows if they get a reasonable offer. But women, it means they build up this great well of suppressed desire that they hide away. Then when the genie is uncorked, as it is on occasion, they lose all reason."

"Don't have much time for people then?" I quizzed trying to understand her.

"Married women really." She replied honestly. "But of course you're talking to a woman who has just been tossed away without a backward glance so I'm more than a little polarised in my views. The way I see it is that men need to be kept on their toes and marriage lets them off the hook as they don't have to try so hard but women are worse because they either give up completely, Christ there are so many sexless women all of whom are married, or they become this pressure cooker of lust and desire that when they blow take out everyone around them."

"That's a little unfair. I know you've had a shitty experience but that doesn't mean all married women are shits."

"You say that from a married perspective, if you had to work harder then you'd see it differently as I guess would your wife. No married women are all closet sluts most of whom have decided to go the other way and give up."

After that we turned to happier topics and were laughing together when we were joined by one of the returning dancing couples.

"See this one," Rachel whispered to me. "She's dressed sexy to show herself to everyone, I bet if she met the right man she'd blow." I doubted this and said so but just then my wife Gail entered the kitchen and with a wave came over to join us.

The next hour we chatted and the women got on well until Gail went off to have a dance leaving me with Rachel and a guy called Tony who was clearly trying to chat her up. I made my excuses so he could have a shot at her but she followed me upstairs then waited for me to come out of the bathroom.

"Sorry to stalk you but the guys a prick and I couldn't bear to spent the next half an hour fending him off."

"That's ok."

"Your wife's nice."

"Thought you didn't like married women?" I grinned again.

"Didn't say I liked her. She's a nice person is all. Rather let herself go, like you."

"What's that supposed to mean?" I said looking at her smiling face.

"You're both a little overweight and clearly don't seem to care that much."

"It's true I suppose but we do care it's just difficult to weight watch when you're busy that's all!"

"Crap. I have a busy life and I keep fit. Tell you what, join my gym, I'll give you the details, if you both work out I suspect you'll shed the pounds in no time."

I looked at her and then shrugged. "I've never even been to a gym since I left college, well not in anger."

"Tell you what, since you clearly need support I'll introduce you, you might even see if I can get a discount for you. I do their accounts," She added as explanation.

I didn't know what to say except thanks. She then pulled out her phone and we exchanged numbers and she gave me details of a gym that was only a couple of miles from home.

After that we joined the gathering in the front room and I ended up dancing with my wife and others, when I looked for Rachel a little later she was gone.

It was three days afterwards she called and invited me to meet her at the gym on either of the next couple of evenings. While I was sure things would be perfectly innocent I didn't mention it to Gail but agreed to meet her the next evening.

Once there she got me enrolled on a three month temporary membership basis and even insisted she pay for it since it was her idea. I wasn't sure what to do after that but I had an initial assessment the following Monday and then met Rachel there on the Wednesday. She was great encouraging and cajoling me to work hard so that by the time I left I was exhausted but feeling good.

We agreed to meet again that Saturday; when my wife was doing her cookery course and after we had a drink; Rachel wouldn't let me have a beer so it was just orange juice and soda, and we chatted for a while.

I'd told my wife about the gym so she knew I was going there what she didn't know was that Rachel was my companion not that there had been anything between us I just felt uncomfortable telling her. If I'm honest there was chemistry between us, we enjoyed chatting and made each other laugh so I was also guarding myself in case something did occur.

It was three weeks before it happened. We did an hour at the gym and were both bathed in sweat when we stopped. Rachel then declined a shower saying she'd left her change of clothes at home before asking me to come back with her to her flat where she was going to shower and could offer me a drink.

I was reluctant but let her persuade me and followed her to her nice apartment which was less than a mile away. Once inside she suggested I shower first and showed me to her en-suite before leaving. I undressed and was in the wet-room trying to work out the controls when she came in with towels. She looked at me then quick as a flash removed her T shirt and leggings then stepped in besides me.

"This is the on switch." she said with a grin and pushed a button to fire up the power shower. "So's this!" She then added taking my hand and putting it between her legs.

That was it and as the shower rumbled next to us we stayed clear of the downpour kissing. Rachel put out a hand and switched the water off again then rubbing my hard-on she whispered. "We'll shower later."

Two minutes later we were on the bed going at it like rabbits. It's hard to give this justice but it was the best. We fitted together perfectly; we seemed to do the right things at the right time and climaxed in unison. After that we lay kissing before she easily got me aroused and we continued, this time at a slow pace, for what seemed like ages before another mutual climax.
Now I could tell you about the next two months when we made love most Saturdays and virtually every Wednesday but what I will mention was Rachel's growing frustration that I wasn't `free'.

Things got worse when Gail decided to join the gym and suddenly Wednesdays were off limits as well. So she became very vocal about married women again before beginning to let me know that she was going to find a way of getting my wife to `blow' and loose herself in sexual depravity.

"I figure if she loses a few pounds then that will start the ball rolling." She had watched her for the first few weeks before coming over to say hi. After that Rachel spent a lot of energy coercing my wife into frequent exercise and watched with satisfaction as she shed pounds. 

It was nearly three months later when one afternoon as we lay together she explained quite matter-of-factly that she wanted to move in with me and to make it possible she was going to help Gail with a lifestyle change. When I quizzed her she said `watch and learn'.

So it began. At first Rachel befriended my wife and as she continued to regain her former figure she got her to start to dress in younger sexier clothes, nothing blatant but showing her legs (which had always been great) a little more and accentuating her narrower waist. Of course Rachel is only five two and has a small frame so her work outs have given her a great body but Gail was a little fuller so now the pounds were falling away she got hotter and hotter.

It was after she'd dropped to what I thought was about the perfect weight that Rachel started to arrange `girly nights out'. At first these were little more than drinks and a chat but after a while Rachel changed them to Friday's and they became nights out clubbing.

Now Rachel wasn't alone in this she had enlisted the help of two of her long-time friends which provided the peer pressure she needed when they continued to get Gail to drop a little more weight. My wife was now actually quite skinny and that meant the girls began to encourage her to dress in club-wear as they did.

Gail resisted at first but one afternoon I visited Rachel and with a giant smile showed me the `secret' clothes Gail had bought and hidden at Rachel's flat. She now had a black and white dress that was layered and sexy because it was ultra short as Rachel lay with me she explained that my wife had worn it out for the first time the Friday before with dark tights and she added that she look stunning.

From then on Gail would leave me on a Friday, when they went clubbing and trip to Rachel's where she would change into something else. She added a black dress to the other one which was equally short and a little more revealing since the top was black mesh. Both dresses were fairly loose so while Gail was showing a lot of leg they weren't figure hugging.

This changed when after two months of clubbing regularly the girls went out together and all bought really tight dressed including Gail. This was the start of the next phase of Rachel's project and once she'd got Gail used to dressing so provocatively they set a trap. Like Rachel, her two friends were unmarried and without partners (she said while I was `special' I couldn't be her partners until we lived together) but they knew a lot of guys and it was Tania who came up with the perfect men to do a number on my wife.

Billy and Dan were black. Not only black but they were sexually aggressive men who, as several women had found out, treated white women as objects to use for their own pleasure and amusement. They knew they were attractive and that many white girls liked the idea of going black so it was easy for them to attract girls only once they had them hooked they would treat them like dirt and often force them to do things they would never have done before.

Dan boasted he'd fathered six children by the time he'd turned 18 and knew of at least five more since. Billy always backed up his friend claiming he didn't keep in touch after he'd dumped a woman but he knew of three white girls who had brown babies which he guessed were his.

When Tania, who had been with both men for a time but unlike most of their women had enjoyed the games they'd played with her so kept in touch, approached them and told them about Gail they jumped at the prospect of burying their cocks in a married woman.

The first meeting was easy to arrange and the bumped into Tania, Rachel & Gail in a club, they danced together a couple of times before Tania slid out of the way leaving the guys with Rachel & Gail. It was just dancing and flirting that night but Rachel encouraged my wife to drink more than usual and so by the end of the evening she'd had several bump & grinds with the guys and one slow dance that ended with a brief kiss.

Things could have gone wrong after that, when my wife refused to go back to the club the following week but in the end they still did a club and that gave the girls the opportunity to go to one that had many more black guys than white in it. Two weeks later at this new club Dan and Billy bumped into the girls again, this time all four were together and it was Dawn who paired off with Billy as Dan worked on Gail.

Rachel gleefully phoned me the following day to let me know my wife had kissed Dan more passionately that evening and they would be moving to stage three the next weekend. This of course meant sex.

So it was that Gail found herself back at Rachel's place with Dan, Billy and Dawn after an evening at a pub and then after some reluctance she allowed him to make out with her as Billy did the same with Dawn (who was quite taken by him and had already had sex they previous weekend). Rachel then dimmed the lights and made it clear she was going to bed leaving the couples kissing in her lounge.

Gail went to the bathroom but when she came out Dan was waiting and steered her to the spare room when she resisted for a few minutes until his fingers slid between her legs and she gave in to him. Rachel was watching secretly as my wife allowed Dan to undress her then push his large manhood into her. Rachel told me later she was amazed both how wet Gail had become and how easily she took his large cock.

Now the fun really started. Firstly Rachel had already made sure Gail was staying over so next she made sure Dan screwed my wife for ages Saturday morning when she was meant to be at her Pilate class so that she came home really well fucked. She also gave Dan our home address and numbers so Gail was unable to escape him when, inevitably she was wracked with remorse the following day.

That Wednesday I was meant to be away on business but knew Dan was visiting my wife because our children were both out. I came to our house after picking up Rachel then we entered via the garage and as planned found Gail and Dan on our bed his large black cock pounding my wife as he called her some really offensive names before getting her to ask him to cum inside her, which she did.

He had great staying power so we watched for over thirty minutes as Gail came several times all the while Dan kept getting her to say more and more sexually submissive statements. She was telling him she loved his black cock, that she wanted to be his married slut, that she'd fuck him anytime he called her over and lots of other things besides.

Rachel was so hot listening to this we nearly ended up doing it there and then but we held back and got back to her car before she jumped me.

"She's ready!" Rachel stated excitedly as we kissed. "I'll have a word with Dan tomorrow." 

"About what?"

"Wait and see!" She responded gleefully then we drove to her apartment and fucked like rabbits again.

Gail went `clubbing' that Friday which I knew was actually a visit to Dan and Billy's place. Rachel called me later.

"It happened!" She shouted as soon as I said hello.

"What?"

"Your wife became a slut. She's still at the boy's place fucking both of them."

"You're kidding!"

"Nope. Dan has been suggesting a threesome with Billy after their first night together and two glasses of wine and she opened her legs for both of them.

"I'm surprised." I stated honestly. "I know she's been seduced by a master but I still didn't expect this."

"This is nothing babe, Dan's gonna turn your wife into a complete tramp. I need you in my bed right now, it's so frustrating!" She added with venom. "I've told him I want it done right and that I want her ruined completely however I've given him until my birthday which is another month."

"A month? Will it take that long? I mean I can say she's been unfaithful now."

"So have you lover! No she has to be ruined and Dan intends to do a complete number on her."

So we stood back watching as events moved forward. After Gail had gone with both men they began to share her and she `popped out' for shopping several times the following week returning with a few items several hours later looking well used and try to hide her soiled clothes from me.

I watched them with her occasionally when Rachel and I could arrange discrete viewing arrangements and it was clear she was completely under their spell to the point where we saw her go out with them one evening dressed in a see-through dress and heels then walk around a nearby park at dusk with old men ogling her before she rode them one at a time as they sat on a bench.

Two weeks before Rachel's birthday the guys took Gail away with them. She gave me a story about an old friend who she'd made contact with via Facebook and wanted to visit her. I gave a casual yes and so she went that weekend. I knew my wife was going to be ruined forever after that but rather than warning her I simply waved goodbye before visiting Rachel. The guys promised us a DVD of Friday's events and they got it dropped over by mid-afternoon.

We sat watching as Gail, eyes glazed and clearly a little high dancing on a small stage dressed in a body stocking. She then sat on a chair waiting until a huge black guy appeared and began to play with her breasts. We watched as Gail got aroused then the guy dropped his shorts to reveal a massive back cock which he go my wife to suck. After five minutes of this she stood and with a look to the side of the stage she nodded and bent forwards holding the back of the chair and the guy pushed part of his cock inside her.

Gail yelled as his huge manhood stretched her wide open but he ignored her and began to push deeper and deeper. It was then that the DVD pulled back and we saw that it was being shot in a small hall and we could see seven or eight heads in front of the camera but there were probably many more.

I was surprised Gail was willing to do this especially in public but Rachel replied that she was high and such a slut for Dan she'd do anything for him now. Anyway the large man fucked Gail harder and harder until she had a very large climax which brought cheers from the audience.

The guy then got her to go on all fours and at this point Dan appeared and said to everyone that his new bitch was ripe for breeding and he wanted the job done good tonight. He turned to Gail and got her to tell the audience that she wanted them to plant a black bastard in her married womb. With that the large guy took her from behind again and we watched as he went at her really hard until he came deep inside her.

"Don't they know she's on the pill?" I asked Rachel who gave me a look and got up.

"Do you mean these pills?" She asked holding up my wife's birth control. "She's been unprotected for the last two and a half weeks. From just before her last period. She believes she's got an implant but actually it was a favour from a friend and she got nothing. Your wife is both unprotected and at her most fertile."

I watched now partially in horror and partially with lust as Gail was moved onto a foam mattress before the first of those watching men took her. She was obviously really high but it was still erotic seeing her taken again and again by a queue of black men.

Rachel and I had sex then stopped and watched some more before doing it again. Even after we'd done it twice my wife was still on her back taking more cock. Finally Dan came over to her and asked her if she felt like she'd been bred. She shrugged so he turned to the camera and stated quietly that she would be when she eventually got home and the DVD stopped.

My children had actually become really suspicious of their mother and that weekend my daughter Libby actually asked me if I suspected her of seeing another man. I played the hurt father and said no but that I was a little worried as she had been acting rather strange.

Their mother didn't appear Sunday so I played the concerned husband again and called her. After three failed attempts my mobile went and she said she was sorry but she was still at her friend's house and could she stay that night as well? I said yes then asked her if everything was ok as she sounded a little upset but she said she was having a good time and was just tired.

That afternoon Rachel called pretending to visit to see Gail and stayed for dinner chatting to the children and oozing charm. I knew Libby looked up to Rachel, being smart and witty etc. and therefore when she left after slipping another DVD (with a whispered; `I'd have a strong drink handy!') Libby kept on about how nice Rachel was and the fact that she clearly liked me.

I chided her saying she was just a friend of her mothers to which Libby chipped back that `her mother was always out, God knows where,' and that she'd seen more of Rachel lately anyway. It was true as she'd found several excuses to visit us recently which was all part of the plan.

I sat in my bedroom (door locked) and switched the DVD on and witnessed my wife's ultimate decent. She was dressed like a hooker, fishnets heels a tiny skirt and ultra tight top that showed her erect nipples. Dancing with a man in what looked like a nightclub only the pictures were dark and not great but her outfit was so blatant that at least was clear.

She kissed the guy then with a look at the camera she whispered to him and they turned and left the dance floor. The camera cut to another dance with another man and then a third then the scene changed and we saw Gail sucking the first guy off until he came then it jumped to her having sex with the second man against some sinks in what must have been the men's toilets. We also saw someone come in and watch for a while.

Then it cut to my wife riding the third man as he sat on a toilet with a couple of other guys watching. She did this until the guy came and we saw her pull off the condom before giving him a kiss. The last man left and so did the onlookers after a word from Dan who was nearby as Gail got close to the camera she said for the recording, "He was white so doesn't get to breed me!" and held up the condom.

There was static for a few moments and I thought it might have finished but then it started again with Gail yelling and cursing as we saw her on her back the large Blackman from the club fucking her as hard as he could. My wife was tied to the bed and it was clear from the back ground noise that the room was full of people.

So I sat back and watched the guy fuck her for maybe ten minutes (I've no idea how long before the camera rolled that they'd started) then he came in her. I expected there to be a succession of men but to my surprise a large fat guy appeared and began to take out some tools which I realised was a piercing gun. It was at this point Gail looked with horror actually begged for them not to do this.

I watched mouth open as the man began to start his work then the camera went black. It started up again and I saw him smiling at the camera with Billy in the background saying `good job'

Then we saw my wife: her face was blotchy her eyes red with tears but it was her body that caught my attention: both nipples had surprisingly large rings in them with another in her previously untouched belly button. Her bare sex now also had a ring in the clitoral hood. They were strong looking steel circles both larger than anyone would normally wear and a lot heavier being so thick.

I realised that Gail wasn't restrained now and in fact as I watched the tattooist got between her legs and pushed his small but fat black cock up her. I watched my wife as she lay back taking the cock without any objection and then I realised she was high again. The DVD ran for another twenty minutes as the fat tattooist and two other men took her before the recording stopped.

"So what do you think?" Rachel asked me when I phoned her as I'd promised.

"Poor Gail. She must be besides herself." 

"Crap!" Dan said she actually proud of her new adornments this morning."

"I find that hard to believe unless she's drugged again."

"No drugs just fat black cock. She actually asked the guys if she could stay another night so it's not them who are keeping her away from you!"

I didn't actually believe this but in didn't matter I knew Gail would be unable to keep her secret any longer and I just wondered how she would tackle it. There was also the possibility she might have gotten pregnant but of course I knew she would get rid of it.

Monday evening Gail was waiting for me and once I was out of my suit she was all over me, crying and hugging me. I tried to play the concerned husband but it was hard knowing what I already did.

"What's wrong?" I asked with as much concern as I could. The children were in their rooms so we had space.

"I... things ha... happened when I was away. Awful things and..." She broke down at this point and her sobbing was so heartfelt I found myself regretting what I'd allowed to happen.

"Come on it can't be that bad." I stated knowing of course if anything it was probably as bad as it could get.

"OH God!" She wailed. "I've... I've..."

"What?!" I asked forcefully knowing she couldn't avoid a confession for long, not with her piercings which I was told had been sealed with an industrial epoxy and the only way of removing them was to cut them off which given they were made from industrial steel wasn't going to be easy.

She then did something I'd not expected; she kissed me and told me she loved me with all her heart and asked that she be forgiven for doing a stupid thing. It was not quite how I'd expected it to go but it was good enough.

"Darling what could be so bad?"

She was now uncertain what to do but in the end she fumbled with her top and then having pulled it free she removed her bra. Tears were falling as she showed me her breasts and their new jewellery which was quite a sight.

The metal was solid and heavy and her nipples were being pulled down slightly by them, they were about the circumference of a 10p piece and at least two or maybe three mil thick. They were very blatant so I didn't do what I was going to do, to pretend not to notice would have been stupid but it's what I'd intended.

"Christ!" I said then added. "Why did you do it?" She shook her head. "They are well... Wow!" I tried to sound as if I thought this nothing but an impulse purchase. "I like them but do they have to be quite so large?"

She gave a hiccupy sob but could only shake her head again. I fingered them then smiled and added. "You did this for me? I suppose you were copying you friend right? Where else did you get one?" My inflection was perfect and Gail went from abject horror through a sudden thoughtful look to a watery smile.

"I... I was so worried you'd think me cheap." She said regaining her confidence a little. "Do you really like them? I err... wanted larger ones because they... they would, err... you will notice them more."

I gave a smile. "They're great."

"That's not all!" She added now getting back into her stride. She pushed the door closed then dropped her jeans and knickers. The belly ring was a little odd in shape (and explicit but I don't think she'd quite worked it out yet) but the clitoral decoration was simply unambiguous. It was basically the shape of a cock hanging down from two balls either side of the piercing. The bell end was fat and solid, the shaft really two rods that connected to each of the balls.

Of course unlike the silver colour of the rings in her nipples both of these were black: The cock had a small curve so the bell end was beginning to enter her folds and while the whole thing was only 3cms long the bell end was twice as wide as the rest of it being over a centimetre in diameter and even had a small slit at the end. All in all it was really unambiguous.

Her belly held a small figure that at first glance appeared to be a snake but when you looked closely it was another black cock; long and veiny and like it's clitoral counterpart it was ebony black. 

Gail clearly hadn't quite realised the significance of her new jewellery since she made no attempt to explain why she had a jet black cock pressing into her sex so I asked her.

"Why are the cocks black?" I was looking at then carefully noting that these while not as heavy duty as the nipple rings must have been glued as well otherwise I'm sure Gail would have removed them.

She was fazed by this but recovered quickly.

"I though they'd show up more. You like them don't you?" She asked obviously hoping I wouldn't insist she take them out immediately.

"Yes, I do. Thank you." I kissed her with my hand rubbing her slit which was still very angry looking from all the sex she'd endured but I guess she hadn't really noticed this either. She clearly didn't want me feeling how used she was because she stepped away.

"Not here!" She giggled pulling up her jeans hastily.

I knew she thought she'd go away with it and I let her by pretending to be hurt but let her go as she covered her breasts. I'd pretend not to see the true picture just yet because of course this was only the start.

Thursday night Rachel was round helping Libby with her homework while my wife was out being fucked by several men (of course she told me it was a gym class). She came home around 1am, smelling of sex and wet with the cum of her lovers yet she seemed to think she could get away with it.

It was Libby who challenged her a few days later when Gail was going out in a really short dress and heels looking more than a little tarty. She told her mother she was acting stupid and she would lose dad (me) if she carried on but my wife told her not to be so silly and left.

Gail only survived two more days before her body was added to. This time she was persuaded by Dan that she fake another visit to see her `old friend' again and of course I said yes and actually asked her to bring back another memento.

She called again to ask if she could stay an extra night to which I agreed knowing she was almost certainly having another session with a group of men. Then she was taken to a tattooist that Saturday and I'm told she was fucked in the chair by two men before the guy did his work then as she stood looking at her markings another three men took turns with her.

The ace of spades didn't actually mean a lot to Gail and no one explained it when it was put on the small of her back and her ankle. There was also a small but well drawn Ying and Yang emblem on her lower stomach (white above black) which she seemed to find pretty but had been told it needed to be coloured properly the following week.

When she returned that Sunday she was keen to show me and again and I smiled and told her they were nice although I was confused by the use of an ace. She said it didn't mean anything.

I mentioned to her that her sex looked battered and her lips swollen but she pointed out that she'd lost all the hair on her sex thanks to treatment which she explained needed to be repeated in a short while to make sure it was all gone for good. She told me she knew I liked it bald so I smiled and gave another thank you. 

It was at the end of that week she began to suspect she might be pregnant and that was when the trap was closed on her. She told Dan she was now late but he said that was daft since she was protected fully and before she could argue he stripped her and they were fucking again. He actually told her to phone me and tell me she was going back for the rest of the hair removal the following day, if it was ok by me, which she did with him still buried deep inside her. I listened to her as she tried to keep her voice normal as he screwed her but pretended not to hear anything wrong and gave her the green light to go down that Saturday.

The weekend arrived and once with Dan, Gail got high again and she found herself back at the tattooist who claimed he needed to finish his colouring work. Gail was so lost in a daze she didn't even clock that things were rather different when she was dropped home still in a bit of a fog and having not had any time to clean herself up.

Firstly the Ying and Yang had indeed been amended but now what had been simply a couple of curved markings were now a white woman over a black man with the black man's (overlarge) cock visible between the woman's red lips. It was very well done and so graphic you couldn't mistake it for anything else. She also had another ace on her shoulder.

Somehow they'd changed her clitoral jewellery from the three cm pendant to one that was twice the size curving into her sex where it nestled inside her folds. I couldn't see it when I found it for the first time but the bell end was 2 cm diameter.

Rachel was home with me when Gail came to the door. I went out and asked her what was wrong but she babbled about being a little drunk so I brought her to the lounge and left her sitting. 

I asked her to show me what she'd had done this time and after a pause she did not actually aware of just how blatant her markings actually looked, and of course she still had a very soiled pussy.

She sat as I stared and asked her what she meant by it which she shrugged and said it was just a symbol. I disagreed and fetched Rachel. Gail went to cover up but Rachel pulled her clothes away. 

"Oh my God you absolute slut!" She remarked.

"How dare you!" Gail said going red. I can have a little tattoo if I like, Mark likes them. "

"Not this one he doesn't! Do you?"

"Not really." I responded as Gail's expression froze. "I mean it's so hurtful. I tried to overlook the black phallus you had hung last week but now frankly you might as well have taken a two page add in the paper!"

"I don't understand?" She was looking down at herself and seemed to notice the size of her new clitoral jewellery for the first time.

"Come off it Gail! I guess I was trying to pretend it wasn't happening but you've gone too far! You have this... this picture of you sucking a black man and a black cock pushing into your sex which I might add is not only puffy again but clearly soiled!"

"And those disgusting ace tattoos!" Rachel added.

"Why are they disgusting?" I asked as Gail went to speak but stopped to listen, dread on her face.

"I've seen it before. Someone told me that on a white woman it's the international symbol for interracial acceptance."

"What?" I asked sounding confused.

"The wearer is advertising their desire to have sex with black men."

Rachel then pointed to the clitoral pendant and let out a gasp. "It's a black man's cock!" She stood back as Gail rose and tried to leave the room but I pushed her back down and said I'd better look.

I pulled it and the end swung free of her slit, attached to a string of semen which hung disgustingly between the bell end and her labia.

"Oh my God! That's cum!" Rachel yelled loudly.

"Oh! Gail! I thought these were for me! Rachel's right isn't she? This was done for some black guy." I went to leave but Rachel held me back. 

"Wait don't you want to here her story?"

"Why? It will be full of lies."

"You have to at least hear her out." She gave Gail an encouraging look which only confused her more but at that moment the door flow open and in came Libby who seemed to take in the whole situation in about a second.

"Oh Mum!" She wailed looking really sick. Gail had closed her legs and was covering herself up with her loose dress a little too late to conceal the cock jewellery that had just slipped from my fingers. Libby had missed the graphic cartoon above her mother's sex, but saw the ace on her shoulder and already knew that she had one on her ankle. "I can't believe you got another one put on!" She exclaimed. "You must know what it means!" She then added, "but of course you do given that... that thing you are wearing!"

 "Libby please leave us alone for a few minutes."

"Why should I?"

"Because your dad wants to sit down and talk to your mother in private."

"That'll be a first. She spends more time out than at home nowadays. Guess we know what she'd been up to all this time..."

"Libby!" I shouted. "That's enough, she's still your mother now leave us." Rachel nodded and tried to steer here out of the door saying soothing words as she went but Libby turned aside.

"You're disgusting! You're no mother to me, Rachel is more of a mother than you are." With that she finally left.

Gail started to sob quietly as her predicament finally hit home.

"I guess I've been trying to turn a blind eye to this in the hope it would go away but it's not possible now is it?"

Gail shook her head but then asked for forgiveness. I told her to let me know the truth about what was going on and she finally relayed the story of her seduction, edited and a lot less intensely sexual than I'd heard it had been.

After it was completed I told her that it was now impossible to try to forget the events given the very graphic tattoo she now wore plus the open invitation to black men she had all over her body. This caused a fresh wave of tears. I added that if she wanted to leave to stay with one of her black lovers I wouldn't stop her. She shook her head and replied it was not like that they were not lovers just people she'd had sex with. 

"I can't see the distinction." I said coldly then told her she best sleep in the spare room. Gail slept alone that night sobbing quietly. Rachel stayed and we had great sex although we were sensible enough to make sure she was seen to be on the put-me-up in the study.

 
The following morning after a confession from Gail, Rachel went out and bought a pregnancy test which proved positive. She was now distraught but Rachel explained to her that she was aware that no form of birth control was 100% however from what she knew of the patch it was only suspect if the person indulged in an awful lot of sex usually with multiple partners.

It was of course complete lies but Gail went white and Rachel then had a quiet womanly talk with her during which she whispered a confession about her weekend antics. She did not give explicit details but admitted to having been with several men.

I refused to let Gail mention termination after her first pronouncement that she'd `get rid of it' and said it was something that needed to be considered. It was then she had to admit that the baby was 100% certain to be black to which Rachel asked her just how many black men she'd been with the past few weeks but my wife didn't reply.

It was towards the end of the week that Gail asked me to help her sort out the mess she was in. She begged me to forgive her but I said I couldn't so she then asked if I could help her remove the `awful' jewellery as she was unable to herself.

I then told her I felt she should keep it to remind her of what had occurred but she replied that her shameful tattoos did that already. I said that if she wanted to remain under my roof then they had to stay. She cried for ages but agreed although she begged me to help her with the termination.

It was Rachel who did this. She was with us almost every day counselling Libby and helping to keep things going (and allowing me to sleep with her) acting as our guiding angel. Libby was now so taken with her she asked me twice in private if I liked Rachel. When the second time I agreed she was nice she asked me if I thought she was attractive and I said of course.

After that Libby spent her time mentioning how great we were together and even began to be a matchmaker in front of Gail who reacted angrily at this but Libby rounded on her and asked her waspishly if she'd been with any black guys today.

My wife gave her a slap for that which made her rush away in tears telling her she hated her and she wanted dad to be with a woman he deserved not a slut! Rachel then turned on Gail stating she had no right to react like that because she (Gail) was to blame and frankly she had been a slut so hitting Libby didn't change that fact. As my wife sat with fresh tears falling Rachel went up to see Libby and I knew that we were now close to where we wanted to be. 

So it was that Rachel helped Gail get her abortion but also arranged that she end up meeting Dan a few days before for a shoulder to cry on and despite all that had gone on she was easily seduced by him and they had sex again. Rachel then made sure Dan knew to visit her again a week and a half after the procedure when they made love once more.

Now it was time and with Gail beginning to fall back under the spell of Dan I began to drop hints by actions or conversation that I was beginning to fall for Rachel but also made it clear I was of course too decent a person to take it further as indeed was the case with Rachel.

Eventually Rachel arranged with Dan to organise a surprise evening for Gail with several men which she of course once she was high she spread for them all. The following week Dan let her know he was sorting out similar events only he'd get some of the guys to pay for it. He told Rachel that although Gail got angry about it she was hotter than ever when they made love and whispered she'd go through with it as long as he didn't think her a real whore.

Dan got Gail to have sex with three men the next Friday two of whom he told her had paid for it. Then when the group organised for the Saturday night apparently fell through she was persuaded to go with Dan to be with the one guy left, at his hotel room. When Dan stood with her at the door he whispered for her to not to forget to collect her money then left as the guy opened it. So that night she had sex for money. 

The next requirement was for Rachel to begin to control her and this was surprisingly easily achieved: Dan began to get Gail to see men for money although they were actually men he knew who had great sexual prowess and the fee was supplied by us. It meant Gail was having simply great sex when she thought she was on the game which only went to make her want to do it more.

Then he quite suddenly Dan dropped her meaning she was now without anyone to turn to for sex and that is when Rachel stepped in. She cornered her when I was out one night and told her she'd seen her going into one of the local hotels and guessed what she was doing so had asked Dan.

Gail was silent when Rachel explained that she felt sorry for her especially since Dan had decided not to see her anymore. Rachel somehow got Gail to confess that she'd enjoyed her time with these men so Rachel looked at her and said she had a confession of her own. She then said she was falling for her husband (me) and how about they help each other.

After some debate Gail agreed that since she'd not been intimate with me for a long time and was sleeping in the spare room, that she'd let Rachel have a shot for me if in return Rachel organised some men for her.

It sounds daft but Gail actually said thank you and that was that. Rachel and I went out on a date that Friday the same night as Gail went to a house a few miles away and slept with a black man for money. She didn't know it but that was her first real time as a prostitute.

After that Rachel placed lots of ads for Gail as an escort and also listed her on interracial websites as a white married submissive. She was keen to make it clear Gail was willing to be used by black men as a sex object  Rachel worked hard to make sure my wife had a string of jobs as well as being involved with some really wild sex sessions.

Rachel moved into our house and my bed a few weeks after the discussion. Libby was thrilled and my son accepting.

Three months on and Gail had a string of black bulls who used her as a rag doll when she went over to see them. She was escorting most weekends but during the week the bulls would play with her and the mess she was in when she came home was shocking. Yet bizarrely she is happy as am I

