This is the story of three females and the contrast between their 
professional and personal lives.  They are employed as institutional 
discipline administrators at a reform school for males.  Sandy and 
Veronica are experienced mistresses and Kendra is a new punishment 
mistress.  Let's take a look at a typical workday.

Part 1. By Day: Sandy

Sandy stood nonchalantly as two of her colleagues escorted a new inmate 
into the punishment room.  She smiled disarmingly - her full lips and 
her demeanor presented a picture of a kind and gentle woman.  She wore 
her standard work uniform for mistresses - a dress shirt, a tie, a black 
skirt that exposed her knees and some of her thigh, and black pumps. 
She was barelegged, and a hint of blonde stubble emerged from her legs.

Various instruments of discipline hung on one wall of the punishment 
room - paddles, tawses, straps, and rattan canes.

The male, who was referred to by number, 30112, was clad only in briefs, 
and his hands were bound behind him.  The escorts led him to the padded 
structure in the center of the room.  The structure's purpose was 
obvious - the male would soon be bound to it in a bent over position for 
his punishment.  One of the escorts handed Sandy a file folder.

The inmate stared at Sandy as the mistress read through the file. 
Finally she spoke.  Her sweet gentle voice almost put 30112 at ease.

"Well, three zero one one two, although you're new here, it seems you 
have a little discipline problem.  The headmistress is not very pleased 
with your disruptive behavior.  Come on and bend over the bench there, 
and we'll start to take care of your problem.  Come on - over you go."

Her gentle demeanor and bright smile often served to convince an inmate 
to voluntarily do what many of them had to be forced to do.  30112 
cautiously leaned across the padded box, and his chest touched the upper 
surface.  The structure was built so that when the recipient is bound 
into place, his head is lower than his hips.  This position accentuates 
the bent-over position and renders the punishment more effective.

The escorts tugged his briefs down enough to bare his bottom, secured a 
binding strap around his waist, and attached similar bindings above his 
knees.  Then they released his hands and bound his wrists to the front 
legs of the structure.

"There, that wasn't so bad, was it?" Sandy asked soothingly, and then 
paused for a moment.  "I'm going to warm your buns with a paddle," she 
continued in a sweet, almost musical, voice.  "The headmistress has 
recommended thirty five strokes.  I always follow her suggestions.  Now, 
I administer the paddle in sets of ten, and then I pause for one minute. 
  Let's get this over with now, shall we?"

30112 nodded, and he saw Sandy retrieve a sturdy paddle.  As she 
sauntered past him, he observed that the paddle was apparently made from 
plywood and had several small holes in it.  It had a smooth polished 
surface.

Sandy stood to his left side, the paddle in her right hand, and then she 
spread her legs.  She had done this so many times before that she no 
longer needed to gauge her position.  She leaned over slightly and 
placed her left hand on his back for a moment.  Then she was ready.  The 
two escorts looked at each other knowingly, and tried to suppress their 
smiles of anticipation.

Sandy pressed her full lips together, and with her eyes focused on the 
captive male's bottom, drew the paddle back and slammed it on the target 
area.

Sandy counted aloud.  "One!"

Scarcely three seconds later, she propelled the paddle for the second 
stroke.

Wham!  "Two!"

30112 gritted his teeth.  This was definitely more intense than he had 
anticipated.  Wham!

"Three!"

The heat rapidly built up in 30112's tail end.  Each paddle stroke 
imparted an intense blazing sensation that accumulated.

Wham!

"Four!"

"AAAAAUGH!"

Wham!

"Five!"

"OWWWW!  OWW!"

Wham!  "Six!"  "OHHHH!"

Wham! "Seven!"  "OWWWWWW!"

Wham! "Eight!"  "AHHHHHH!"

30112 twisted and writhed as much as his bindings allowed.

Wham! "Nine!"  "OHH! OHH!"

Wham! "TEN!"  "Aaaaaugh!"

Sandy laid the paddle atop 30112's waist and slowly walked around the 
room once.  Then she picked up the paddle and resumed the punishment. 
She gave ten hard swats per set, with a pause of about a minute between 
sets.

Sandy sensuously swiveled her hips as she delivered each swat with 
astounding energy.  With each successive set, 30112 did not think that 
he could endure any further swats.  The urgency of his outcries 
increased as Sandy kept slamming the paddle against his captive nether 
cheeks.

Wham!  "Thirty four!"  "AAAAAAAAUGH!"

Wham! "Thirty five!"  "AAAAAAAAAA!"

30112's bottom glowed with a bright red flush.  Sandy returned the 
paddle to its place on the wall and seated herself for the obligatory 
five minute period during which all inmates must remain bound in 
position after punishment.  As the minutes passed slowly, Sandy lightly 
ran her hands up and down her bare legs.  Her eyes were wide with arousal.

Part 2.  By Day: Veronica

That afternoon, at 3 PM, the brunette Veronica stood by calmly with her 
hands on her hips as the escorts led a reluctant inmate number 2119 over 
to the punishment structure and secured him in place.  When her charge's 
wrists and waist had been bound (she specified that no bindings be 
secured above his knees -- she liked to see her charges kick and dance 
while she administered), she leafed through his file.  She smiled 
slightly when she came to the headmistress' recommendation.  Veronica 
also had a policy of not telling her charge how many strokes of which 
instrument he would receive.  She figured that it increased the suspense 
and the punishment effect if he did not know when it would end.

She finished reading, looked 2119 in the eye and said, "Well, let's get 
started."

The escorts stood by with looks of anticipation on their faces as 
Veronica walked over to where the punishment instruments hung on the 
wall.  The only sound in the room at that time was the clip-clop of her 
pumps on the hardwood floor.  She selected a large oval paddle.  Her 
eyes gleamed as she took her position.  She spread her bare legs as much 
as her short skirt allowed, extended her arm to gauge her position, and 
began the paddling.

She delivered smart, brisk strokes about two seconds apart.  Unlike 
Sandy, she did not pause at all.

The rather large paddle covered ample area on her charge's bottom, and 
he very soon filled the room with his exclamations and fervent pleading. 
  To Veronica's delight, and that of the escorts, inmate 2119 
frantically kicked his legs between strokes, while the binding strap 
around his waist ensured that his naked bottom stayed in place for his 
punishment mistress.

It took not much more than a minute for her to administer thirty five 
hard paddle swats.  She dispassionately walked over to where the 
instruments were and replaced the paddle on the wall.  Then she 
retrieved a two-tailed tawse.  With only her gleaming eyes showing any 
expression, she positioned herself to further administer to inmate 2119.

"No -- No!  No more!" he cried out.

Saying not a word, Veronica strapped hard, with amazing energy and a 
good follow-through.  Each swipe of the tawse evoked a room-filling 
shout and frantic kicking.  She did not stop until she had delivered 
fifty strokes on top of the severe paddling.  During the five-minute 
cooling off period, she stood calmly in front of her charge, the tawse 
still in her hand.  Outwardly, she appeared dispassionate and calm -- 
inwardly, she recalled 2119's frantic kicking while she administered, 
and got considerable pleasure from that.

Part 3. By Day: Kendra

The punishment room was empty for a short while, until the escorts 
brought in another inmate, 49416.  The punishment mistress, Kendra, was 
the youngest of the three at 22.  Her black hair, parted in the middle, 
gracefully framed her face.  Her sanguine personality and ready smile, 
along with a few freckles on her face, concealed her dominant streak and 
her abilities as punishment mistress.  There is one characteristic of 
Kendra that inmates getting her for the first time find out, to their 
unpleasant surprise.  Kendra likes to punish HARD.  That is one reason 
she frequently gets the most incorrigible inmates who have already had 
several trips to the punishment room.

Kendra's greatest pleasure while administering discipline is to hear the 
sounds that the male makes while being punished.  Those exclamations 
almost send her into orbit, and if she were allowed to jill herself 
while administering, she most certainly would do so.  She must conceal 
her arousal, however, and save the physical pleasures for later.

As the escorts bound the recalcitrant male in place, Kendra leafed 
through his file.  In the space for the headmistress' comments, she saw 
the phrase that made her insides tingle:  "Kendra, see if you can get 
through to this one.  I recommend an open ended session."

That meant that the headmistress did not recommend a specific number of 
strokes or a particular instrument.  Kendra was to punish as long and as 
hard as she wanted.

She looked at the list of rather serious offenses which 49416 either 
carried out or participated in, and considered how the session should 
progress.

The escorts secured the inmate into place with binding straps around his 
waist, wrists, knees, and ankles.  Kendra stood in front of him, silent 
for a moment, and then spoke.

"We've got some work to do today, four nine four one six.  The 
headmistress is not pleased with you at all, and when this session is 
over there will be no doubt of that.  She has already spoken to you 
about why you are getting this.  Let's get started now."

She walked over to where the instruments of discipline were hanging on 
the wall, and selected what she referred to as the "long tawse."  It was 
a two-tailed tawse which was slightly longer than twenty four inches, 
and crafted exquisitely.  The inmates who had been on the receiving end 
of the long tawse said that every swipe with it was equivalent to two or 
three swipes with the ordinary tawse.  And in Kendra's hands, the effect 
was intensified further.

Her insides fluttered as she took her position.  The escorts knew of her 
reputation for hard discipline, and tried to show no emotion as they 
watched.

Kendra spread her bare legs, pressed her thin lips together, and with 
her gaze fixed on the recipient's bare bottom, drew her arm back and 
swiped the tawse powerfully across the inmate's ass cheeks with a tennis 
player's follow-through.  She kicked her right leg as the tawse placed 
its hot kiss on the target.

"OH!" shouted 49416.

Kendra continued.  Each stroke of the tawse caused the recipient's 
bottom to jiggle as she applied it with cunning skill.  Again and again 
she delivered powerful strokes.  The inmate's outcries showed that he 
was truly surprised at the hot kiss of the leather.  When his strapping 
began, he punctuated the swipes with a loud "OH!"  As Kendra progressed, 
she evoked a loud shout from her charge.  By the twentieth stroke, his 
outcries were much more strident.  By the thirtieth stroke he was 
pleading with her to stop.  Kendra simply continued, and when she had 
delivered fifty strokes, he was begging her to stop.

She paused for a moment after the fiftieth swipe.  Then she walked 
directly behind the bound inmate, and again spread her bare legs.  The 
two female escorts smiled knowingly at each other.  Kendra applied the 
long tawse in a rapid forehand-backhand manner, delivering the swipes so 
that the leather tails of the tawse whipped hardest against the tender 
area on the sides of his bottom.  The captive male could only shout 
frantically as each swipe left a red splotch on his backside.  Twenty 
five strokes he endured before Kendra stopped.

Outwardly calm, Kendra placed the long tawse back on the wall, and then 
retrieved a whippy rattan cane.  When she sharply whisked it through the 
air, 49416 pleaded with her.

"No!  No more!  Please, no more!  I can't!  Please!"

Kendra said nothing.  She got in position to administer the caning. 
"I'll make sure he remembers this session," she said to herself.

She very much wanted to put her free hand inside her panties and bring 
herself to a series of explosive orgasms.  She gazed at the bound male's 
well strapped bottom.  A tingling feeling surged through her insides as 
she drew the cane back, and then brought it forward with a whippy 
motion.  She laid a perfect striation across the upper part of his 
nether cheeks.

Immediately upon the sound of the cane against naked skin, 49416 yelled, 
"AAAAAAUGH!"

Kendra placed the next striation perfectly horizontal, about a half inch 
below the first one.  Again, 49416 yelled.  Kendra continued to walk the 
strokes down her charge's target area.  With each stroke of the cane the 
inmate's ass cheeks quaked, and he gave a loud yell.

"I've got to get through to you," Kendra calmly stated.  "Every time you 
have to come in here, your punishment will be more severe.  We're not 
done yet, by a long shot."

"NO, PLEASE! NO MORE, NO MORE!"

Kendra resumed the inmate's whipping.  She placed subsequent strokes 
diagonally across the male's already well punished bottom.  The new 
striations intersected the previous ones, causing the recipient to 
exclaim more stridently than before.

Kendra whipped and whipped, until she had no doubt that 49416 would make 
a determined effort to avoid future punishment.  When she finally 
stopped and placed the whippy cane on the wall, she stood in front of 
her charge for the five minute cooling off period.

Why did the young Kendra get the really severe cases?  Was it only 
because she had a talent for severe wielding of a paddle, strap, or 
cane?  Or was there something else?


Part 4.  By Night: Sandy

When she got home, Sandy cast off her panties and kept her work clothes 
on.  She waited for her boyfriend to show up.  When he arrived he was 
twenty minutes late.  She was not sure, but she wondered if her 
chronically late boyfriend was deliberately late so that he would incur 
spankings from her.  There's one way to find out, she told herself, and 
that is to drastically increase the severity of his punishment.

She stood up, her hands on her hips, and looked him in the eye.  "I 
waited twenty minutes for you," she began.  "Bring me the oval 
hairbrush.  You know where it is."  She arranged a chair in the center 
of the room and seated herself.

With a satisfied smile, her boyfriend went to her bedroom and retrieved 
an oversized hairbrush-shaped paddle.  "A nice little warmup, and then 
I'll fuck her brains out," he thought to himself.  He assumed she would 
give him the usual number of swats -- two for each minute late.  He had 
not counted on being twenty minutes late.  His goal was ten minutes, 
knowing how hard she liked to wield the paddle.

He knelt before Sandy, handed her the paddle, and ran his hands up and 
down her bare legs.  The firm smoothness of her legs with the hint of 
blonde stubble, greatly aroused him.  Knowing that he'd soon be naked 
and across her lap, he developed a firm erection in his trousers.

"Take all your clothes off, darling," she told him in a musically sweet 
voice.  He quickly got up and undressed in front of her.  His engorged 
erection protruded like a flagpole.

"Well look at that!" Sandy exclaimed in mock surprise.  "This naughty 
boy has a naughty cock, too!  I'm going to have to do something about 
that."  She hiked up her skirt and spread her legs.  "I'll bet this 
naughty boy wants to stick his naughty cock in here," she said, pointing 
to the blonde mat between her legs.  Her boyfriend's cock danced before 
her.  He referred to her enticement as a magic pussy.  She giggled.

Sandy put her legs together and spread her feet so that her lap was 
level.  "Okay now, get over my lap, naughty boy with the naughty cock. 
I've got some work to do!"

Her boyfriend's insides quaked as he positioned himself across her lap. 
  Her smooth, warm thighs felt good against his midsection, and his 
impatient erection nestled itself snugly between her thighs.

When he was positioned, Sandy put her free hand squarely on her 
boyfriend's back and pressed down, ensuring he'd stay there.

"You know," she mused, "I think I've been too lenient with you.  I 
punish you and you still show up late.  Starting now, it's going to be 
five swats for every minute late.  That means that today you've got a 
hundred strokes coming to your naughty bottom!  What do you think about 
that?"

"No, Sandy!" he exclaimed, knowing how hard her swats are.  "Not that many."

"I think a more appropriate response would have been 'Yes Mistress 
Sandy.'  If you're disrespectful I could always give you seven or even 
ten swats per minute late.  Now let's try that again.  You're going to 
get a hundred swats for being late.  What do you think about that?"

He knew that Sandy meant what she said, and as humiliating as it was, he 
had to do as she suggested, unless he wanted her to extend his already 
severe spanking.

He stirred, then mumbled, "Yes, Mistress Sandy."

"That's better," she sang.  "Don't interfere, or I'll give you extra. 
Here goes!"

Sandy felt an intense twinge of arousal between her legs when she 
started the paddling.  She swatted hard, and after the first few, her 
boyfriend punctuated each swat with an exclamation of surprise and pain 
-- "OH!  OW!  OOH!  OWWOW!"

He squirmed and kicked during his paddling, and truly struggled to 
accept what she gave.  He could not keep from begging her for relief 
halfway through the punishment.  Sandy paid no heed, however, and 
happily continued with the swats, getting more aroused each moment.

When she had given the full measure of one hundred swats, she placed the 
paddle down and told him it was over.  When he got up, she spread her 
legs and said, "I think you should show your appreciation for my taking 
the trouble to spank you.  Get busy now."

With his backside still blazing from the hard paddling, he knelt between 
her legs and placed his mouth up to her creamy and delectable pussy.  In 
a matter of a few minutes Sandy climaxed twice.

Part 5. By Night: Veronica

In another house across town, Veronica's long dark hair almost reached 
her bare breasts.  The olive-skin beauty was clad only in bikini 
panties.  She held a straight rattan cane in her hand.

"Bend over now, and reach across the table," she commanded her naked 
male client in a quiet but authoritative voice.  "Don't stand up, 
whatever you do, until I'm finished."

Veronica's insides trembled with sensual excitement, while her client's 
insides fluttered in anticipation.  He knew he was in for a very severe 
session.

She whipped the thin rattan cane across her client's naked bottom.

Whipp!

"OH!" he exclaimed.

Whipp!  "OHH!"  Whipp!  "AAAAH!"  Whipp! "AAUGH!"

Veronica placed her free hand in her panties and jilled herself as she 
kept on whipping.  Her client stayed bent over, although he twisted and 
kicked furiously throughout the long extended whipping.  She only paused 
to yield to her intense orgasms.  She gasped, moaned for a moment, then 
continued the caning, stimulating herself anew.

She had climaxed several times when she decided to stop.  Her handiwork 
consisted of an angry conglomeration of strict weals and criss-crossed 
striations.

"Get up and turn around," Veronica ordered.  "Hands behind your head."

She stood in front of him and teasingly slipped off her bikini panties. 
  Her dark haired pubic hair glistened with her juices.

"I get so turned on giving a good whipping," she said with gleaming 
eyes.  "I love to watch a male dance when I whip him."

She spread her legs and slowly jilled herself to another orgasm.  The 
male's member hardened to an erect state.  Veronica smeared her pussy 
cream under his nose and over his face.  Then she retrieved a hand towel 
and a bottle of lotion.  She messily squirted some lotion on the male's 
hard cock, and slowly stroked him until he spurted into the hand towel.

Still naked, Veronica calmly seated herself.  Her client got dressed, 
handed her an envelope, and left.

Part 6. By Night: Kendra

Kendra was naked, lying face down on a spacious bed, her hips raised by 
a firm bolster pillow.  Her bare bottom and thighs were laced with red 
marks from a five-thronged martinet.

"Please, Headmistress," she cried out, "Please stop!"

"Ten more, my pet, and then you can turn over," the headmistress 
replied.  Kendra's mid-thirtyish boss from work, who was also her lover, 
totally naked, held the martinet and prepared to administer.

Whipp!  "OWW! PLEASE!"

Whipp!  "OH GOD, NO!"

Whipp!  "AAAAH! NO MORE PLEASE!"

Whipp!  "PLEASE PLEASE, HEADMISTRESS!"

Each stroke of the martinet evoked an intense reaction from Kendra. 
When Headmistress had finished giving the final ten strokes, she ran her 
hands all over Kendra's well-shaped, and well-whipped, bottom and legs.

"Turn over now!"

Kendra pushed the bolster aside and lay face up, with some fear showing 
in her wide eyes.

"Spread your legs, my pet."

Kendra spread slightly.

"More!  And put your hands above your head!"

Kendra whimpered as she obeyed.

Headmistress gazed at her lover's dark haired pubic area.  "You're 
creaming.  Is your pussy hot?"

"Oh yes, Headmistress!" she whispered coarsely and pumped her hips.  She 
craved sweet relief.

"I have a little treat for you," Headmistress continued.  "I'm going to 
suck your sweet little snatch and make you cum all over my face.  Then 
you can kiss me and lick off all your cream.  After that, you can taste 
my pussy."

Kendra panted with wide eyes.

"But first," Headmistress said, "You've got to earn my attentions.  Keep 
your hands above your head."

"No, Headmistress...  AAAH!"

Headmistress whipped the martinet between Kendra's legs, striking the 
girl's inner thighs and pubic area.  She continued to whip that way, 
placing hot striations on Kendra's thighs, pussy, and belly.  Kendra, 
for her part, squirmed and pleaded amid her shouts of distress.  After 
an extended whipping, Headmistress put down the martinet and climbed 
upon the bed.  She giggled as she lightly stroked Kendra's labia.

Then she lay face up next to Kendra and said, "Okay, my pet.  Let me 
taste your pussy."

Kendra quickly straddled her headmistress' mouth.  Her severe whipping 
enhanced her desire and arousal.  After scarcely a moment, she exploded 
in orgasm and ground her pubic area into her headmistress' mouth.

"That was fast, my pet.  Maybe you were thinking of that whipping you 
gave today at the reform school.  I'll bet you couldn't wait for relief. 
  Now kiss me."

Kendra smiled and affectionately kissed her headmistress where her pussy 
glaze had dripped, and then passionately kissed her on the lips.

After they had been mouth to mouth for a few moments, Headmistress 
coarsely whispered, "Okay my pet, pleasure me."

Kendra planted her mouth on her headmistress' pussy and worshipfully 
kissed and licked it through two climaxes.  Both women were satisfied, 
and they embraced front to front.

-----
This story is copyright 2004, 2006, 2007 by (rick_oh at 
onolanke.router5.com).  All rights reserved.  No reposting without 
permission.
