My name is Nirmala. i am 22 yrs old now. I got married in 19 yrs
having a boy 2 yrs, and my hubby vasanth 26 yrs works in bank in
chennai. Arjun 27, my hubby`s best friend they studied together he
recently married to my best friend Chitra. chitra and I use to
discuss about our sex matters and i realised that arjun is better
than my husband and i she said it differs from man to man for your
sex your husband is right, but as you know we both are sex hungers so
i got arjun.they live near our place. Chitra 21 is a housewife like
me. Chitra is beautiful and sexy too, i use to go their house.
I am beautiful with great body and big beautifully propotioned
breasts and sexy lips and thighs and legs. chitra use to say arjun
says i am more sexy than her We need to have sex atleast once or
twice in a week, me and my hubby are good sex partners. Arjun has an
atheletic body, hairy chest. and handsome proper ladies man. One
evening my hubby went to his uncle`s house with my son, i went to
chitra`s house. i pressed bell it dint work so i went around the back
side. i heard some sound from their bedroom. Arjun and chitra were in
mood so i didnt want to disturb them and waited by the steps, but
felt checky and peeped in. Arjun`s hands was over chitra nude body.
Hugging each other arjun was nude, i cant believe my eyes, he has
muscular body, and muscled thighs, manly look and what i saw between
his thighs, i never saw such big male organ, its twice as the size of
my hubby`s i never expect his love organ to be that big. i saw his
tounge was running over her beautiful lips. he touched chitra`s
breasts by his hand, His hands clutched her shoulders. Slowly arjun
touched his lips on her and kissed her. THey kissed for a long time.
now i watched them. he sucked her lower lips and bite them, chitra
was kissing him deeply. His right hand came over her left breast and
hold it caressing. he took both tits and squceed like anything she
was moaning out of pain he sucked her nipples and hand went down for
pussy, his finger entered into the love hole and fingered. chitra
gripped his 8" love mussle and stroked it. he knelt down kissed pussy
lipps. I can see his tounge went in and came out and started biting
her pussy. I was so wet by seeing his huge cock, because my hubby
never does these things, just he put his stick into me and we fuck
thats all. but arjun was nearly eating chitra`s pussy she was moaning
loudly.
Arjun got a huge cock, he was just licking and sucking her pussy. now
he stood up and pulled chitra`s head to him she took his pennis to
her mouth and kissed on top and slowly took full his cock in her
mouth and sucked. what a women have to suck cock ?, i never knew this
too. I loved it. i wanted to see fully and i got an ichy feeling like
to hit something in my pussy. i saw his full cock they both are in
damm sex mood, he just blinked his eyes and show his cock and he
pushed into chitra`s pussy and started fucking. i was watching his
cock going and coming out. he was showing his fastness. then and ther
he pulled out his cock and pressed again fucked her. but chitra was a
bit slow and screeming out of pain. arjun said, "hey thats why i told
you to keep your body slim like Nimi", i was shocked to hear my name
from one who i never expected that with his wife in bed while making
love. the next word from chitra even shocked me, she said, "then why
are you calling me to bed, go and fuck nimi", he said, "yes haa, she
is nice, o nimi fuck with me open your thighs, ha take my cock, you
have tight cunt not like this fatty women. yes, fuck me". then he was
punping in a great speed chitra cant go with him, she gripped the
handle strongly and opened her thighs fully and layed. arjun was
fucking her in great speed i never, realised or saw in my life.
Then i cant wait there for any longer because they may see me. i
moved on and came after one hour. Chitra was sleeping arjun was
sitting in the hall with bare chest, i loved to see his body and
stayed for 2 hours and went home. when my hubby and son came by 9 o
clock i was horny in bed i called him for sex. my hubby just came on
me inserted his cock in my pussy and pumped in for 3 to 4 mints that
too very slowly and cum in. and layed aside of me and slept over. my
feeelings were not finished still i was in mood i dint have an
orgasm, but its all over. i cant sleep i want to fuck more, suddenly
arjun`s great body came in my mind, his big cock, and the way he
fucked chitra`s pussy and she sucked his cock and they fucked, they
way his dick pumped in her cunt all came in my mind. yes that is sex,
he knows how to satisfy a women, he is the man to make love in
bed. "How nice if his big cock fucks me? will i withstand his speed
and weight?" immediately i felt very wet between my thighs i was
arroused. but how can i have sex with him? i am married and have
respect in the area we live. he is my hubby`s best friend and my best
friend`s hubby.
Days passed on, the thoughts about arjun and chitra`s sex stayed in
my mind whenever i see him i felt horny i started dreaming about him
i want to be in bed with him, he is man can satisfy my wild desires.
only he can make great sex with me. And when i have sex with my hubby
i think about arjun, dreaming his body on me, i asume arjun is fickin
me, then i feel wild. yes i was crazy for him.
I invited them for get to gether often so i can make chance to seduce
him. i took extra care in making tastey foods for arjun to please him
by my care. and whenever i get chance i used it, by showing the
glimpse of my tits to him by bending front of him and showing my
white hips and smilling at him often and rearranging my saree
headpiece in front of him unwantedlly, he saw my size of breasts and
his eyes wide opened. I successed to show my fancy on him. now he
statred noticing me and gave sceret smile and same as me. i made him
to think about me. After dinner when they were going out the door my
hubby was helping chitra to pack some food for them. i was carrying
my son in hands my son was pulling my saree head piece. i dint stop
him my son pulled totally the left side. now my big left breast was
fully expossed. arjun saw this and stunned by the size. i dint try to
cover this was i waited for, i smiled at himand said, "he dont fancy
milk but wants to open my blouse, and smiled at arjun he was
nevreless and restless. then i kissed hardly my son looking at arjun,
he understood. arjun smiled at me, i said in low voice to my son but
i meant it for arjun ,"I WANT YOU DARLING, GIVE ME A KISS I WANT TO
KISS YOU, COME KISS ME I WANT TO FEEL YOU". as if saying to my son
arjun came to me and bent down for my son his cheek touched my breast
i pressed it further he kissed my son and on kissed on my breast too
and said, "I WANT TO KISS YOU." i said ,"COME REGULARLY YOU WILL GET".
Both my hubby and chitra thought we were joking about my son. but i
mention for arjun, that he will get my kiss soon. arjun knew that
then they went. Next day i went to chitra`s house and tried to gather
any fisshy news, chitra`s lipps were very reddish some tooth marks
were on, i asked you had a good time last night it seems. she said
she was very tired because arjun was very wild in bed last night, and
he fucked her three times and said whole body was paining i told her
to take bath in hot water. when chitra losened her tops i saw marks
on her breasts, i asked what that was she mentioned arjun sucked and
bit her tits. i smiled i know the wildness was because of me. i was
waiting for the chance to fuck him.
A week after when my hubby went to mumbai i phoned arjun to his bank
and asked whether he could help to purchase some vegetables for me.
He agreed to come to my home, and asked what i wanted. i said," I
WANT BIG BANANA, I WANT TO EAT TODAY, WHAT YOU WANT FOR YOU , he
told " DONT WORRY NIMI I WILL BRING YOU BIG BANNANA YOU NEVER SEEN
ONE" AND FOR ME WILL YOU GIVE ME WHAT EVER I WANT?" i replied to
him,"OFCOURSE WHAT YOU WANT?" I WILL GIVE YOU A GREAT FEAST TODAY
WHICH YOU NEVER HAD BEFORE, THEN YOU WILL FORGET CHITRA AND COME TO
ME ASKINF FOR IT" i told in a way that can be understood in excotic
way too. he said, "YES I WAS LOOKING FOR IT. I LOVE TO TASTE IT". i
knew what he wanted and said. "YOU WILL GET IT TODAY I DECIDED TO
GIVE LONG AGO". i dressed sexy, black blouse with black bra, because
i have very fair skin, and low hip saree. I was waiting for him. he
came in 10 mins. i welcomed him inside and took him to the dinning
table straight so that he wont be seen by others. he looked at me and
said, "NIMI YOU LOOK GREAT RELLY VASANTH IS LUCKY", i said "YOU ARE
LUCKY TOO, CHITRA IS BEAUTIFULL AND YOUGER THAN ME,AND SHE IS GREAT
IN BED AND SEEMS YOU ARE HAPPY WITH HER?", he said "NO NIMI YOU ARE
WRONG SHE IS FAT BUT I LIKE SLIM LADIES," and came near to me and
said, "ESPECIALLY LIKE YOU", BUT WHAT TO DO VASANTH IS LUCKY", i
replied, "YES HE IS, BUT CHITRA SEEMS A SATISFIED WIFE, I`M JEALOUS
OF HER", he came closer to me and said, "NIMI DONT BE JEALOUS BECAUSE
IF YOU DONT TRY YOU WONT GET IT", yes what he said is right i am not
going to leave this chance. I served lunch, really i loved to serve
him. After food we were sitting in the hall arjun looked around
seemed to serching for some, i asked who he was looking for he said
for my son i said he is school he will come in the evening. he
said, "OOPS I WANTED TO KISS HIM", and looked at me. i said you can
wait till he comes, sametime just pulled my saree headpiece by two
fingers slowly pretending turned around. He came near me and looked
my half exposed breats and said, , "No i cant wait that long i can do
one thing, I will give it to you, you can give it to him". saying
that he slowly touched his lips on mine. For one second it came on my
mind, i shouldnt be doing this because i am married, respected,
religous wife doing this short of things. But my body was betraying
me by arching twoards him and taking his lipps in mine.
my lipps opened and got his tounge inside my mouth and started
drinking his saliva, my hands went into his hair and held his mouth
closely to me. His hands were rubbing my body and tried to pull my
sarre. i helped to take out my saree his hands were busy in
unbuttoning my blouse. now his mouth was on my mounts sucking my tits
along the bra. i cant wait i unhooked bra and showed my big tits to
him, and held his head tightly on my nipples. he sucked, sucked and
sucked fully, i can feel my milk is running into his mouth i guided
him to my other nipple he drank that too at the same time his hand
undressed me i was nude. his hands forced my thighs move apart and
covered my pussy and rubbed with panties. i widley opened my thighs
and pulled my panties myself and unbuttoned his shirt and pulled his
zip he pulled his trousers and his vest &briefs and made him nude.
yes thats what i wanted. i stoodup and pulled him to my bed i layed
and hugged him tightly. he kissed my tommy and kissed my
pussy..firstime a male is kissing my pussy i opened my thighs for him
and pressed his head with my hands. he started eating my wet pussy,
OOO i felt a thousand waves passed my body i never had this
experience before this i lifted my hip and rubbed my wet poussy on
his face. but he is a master in it he gradually ate my whole pussy it
was dripping. i pulled his head and kissed him fully on his mouth i
can taste my own wetness from his mouth. my body was shivering my
mind was blacked out no one can control even myself because i was
enjoying a great sex fisrtime in my life. My hand went for his cock
and pulled it, "ARJUN I WANT TO TRY THIS IN MY MOUTH", i was shocked,
am i the one spoke this. but everything was out of my hands, this
tall sexy man is invading my body i was sure if he stops now i will
die. i was like a doll my body and mind cooperating him, to full fill
its lust. he lifted my head and placed on his lap i kissed the head
of his cock and i never tried this before so i was just kissing the
head. arjun opened my lips by his fingers and inserted his big dick
into my mouth and slowly pumped it and shaked my head accordingly.
now i followed his hands and gave a good suck. its was big not going
in my mouth i tried hard and took the full of his cock in to mine. it
was trobing in my throat and at the same time arjun figered my cunt i
was going mad about his cock i was sucking, biting his cock i never
tought this would happen because, i was sucking is my best frends
hubby`s and other side my hubby`s best friend is fucking in my mouth,
then i took out my head and layed on my back and called arjun to fuck
me. arjun pressed his dick head on my wet cunt i went half but it was
paining to me cock is big he tried to pump in it was penetrating my
vagina. I closed my eyes and hold his hips and biting my lower lips
because of pain. arjun pressed me in it went half but full of pain. i
said" arjun dear its paining to me, please do something, dont kill
me", he placed his hands on my side and pulled his big cock outside.
i was released, but he slammed again into me. O it went in fully, my
pussy was tared i think. Arjun pumped his cock into my wet pussy.
Atlast he is fucking me, I am fucking my best family friend. i cant
belive this i achieved it i longed for him i am fucking him. his
feeling was so good it cant be told in words. I moaned again out of
joy, plessure, i am getting a great fucking from a excotic man who i
longed for. "YES...YES..DARLING." His fuck went rhymatically. I was
loving his cock in my pussy. arjun sucked my nipples he sucked and
the milk was bubling out from his mouth every corner of my body was
enjoying sex from him. they went reddish i told "DONT BITE BECAUSE MY
HUBBY WILL FIND THIS", he said "dont worry i will fuck you in a way
nobody knows", my legs were circled his hips and pulling him into
me.He hold my armpits and fucked me harder..harder..harder..and told
in my ears...I LOVE YOU NIMI, I WILL SATISFY YOU, MY COCK TARED YOUR
CUNT DEEPS..I AM LUCKY TO FUCK MY FRIENDS WIFE,". I was loving his
fuck and talk and said, " i saw you fucking chitra and asked about me
for a fuck, from that day i was planning to fuck you", and sucked his
lips and lifted fastley my hips to meet his. every stroke was
slamming my vagina walls..i was cumming i felt very wet in my
cunt...i hold his hip thightly with mine and said, "Arjun dont stop
go fast.. even faster, fuck my cunt baby yes you can fast.. fast..my
hips were jerking and bed was screetching o this could be the fastest
moment of my sex. he asked," Nimi i am cummin shall i cum in or pull
out?", i said "No you fucker do it properlyand held him thightly not
to pulled out his cock from my cunt. he fucked my cunt fastley and
straightened on me, "nimi i am cumming in your cunt..iam filling your
cunt...just recieve my juice who you loved to fuck with",. i feel his
cock get hardened and shooted his warm liquid inside my pussy, i felt
my vigina contrasted on his cock and i like his dripping to fill in
me..."O yes. your juice is filling my pussy i am going to get
pregnant, i am finished. he held me till his last drop and both
exhausted and lay apart. Later we got up and cleaned overselves. the
next month i missed my periods, yes i am pregnant chitra was so happy
she was kidding me she dint know pregnancy was by her hubby. it didnt
go for long, chitra saw us on the bed once, she exploded we came for
a settlement.

