hi my name is dayakar,18 years old from hyderabad. Iam regular to this site i have read many stories from this site and i also want to write one storie but not fanticy ia waiting for the my luck to f a female now i got hte chance to write a story this is my real storie which is happened recantely 20 june. that day i was in my cousine's house she is married the day was her sone birthday and her family members came.

her family and my family members has left but her little syster and me was left for that night at my cousine's house. there was only few roomes their one was kitchen and another my cousines bed room and another bighall and one room to visetors. i use to go reguarly in my holidays that night we both to sleep in that room. At first i was affried to sleep with her this is first time ia sleeping with her.
she is beautyfull with full figure. after my cousine convenced to sleep with for one night i said ok to her we both went to sleep. she went to change her dress cousin also went to sleep in her room. iam waiting for her after some time she came in to room woooooooooow it tooooooo good to see she in nighty it was in pink color and she den't ware any thing. i can clearly see every thing her booms and her pussy with small hair my chootu ready to play game in my shorts it comming out i adjusted it and sleep like a innocent she is sleeping beside me iam in corner of the bed she is another side touching to wall i want to see her but i con't. after some time i see iam touching to her body her booms are near to my face i can visable her nipple it is in dark brown and her body was in white and her pussy like a little pink rose flower with black small leaves. i want to touch her i kept my hand on her chicks no response after some time i brought my hands down to between her nick and booms i saw her she den't opend her eyes and den't make a move, i moved hand to her right boom iam feeling her nipple iam tring to press har boom she keot her hand on my hand and said "you naughty" i den't opened my eyes and she.

rekha "daya i know that you are not sleepiing get up open your eyes"

I opened my eyes saw her. her was near to me iam feeling her breath.

daya " what ?"

rekha " innocent boy, don't now any thing"

daya " i dont know any thing "

rekha " you touched my booms naaaaa"

daya " Sorry ! if it may be happened"

rekha " haa, I know that your doing nowingly tell me i wont tell any thing to u "

daya " Yes, I want to touch your booms and i want o kiss them"

rekha " ha, That's good. permission is granted do as you like"

I was surprised daya " what you are agree for that rekha ?"

rekha " why not? I have a dream to do this all with you "

daya " rakhaaaaaaaaa"

rekha" ha"

daya" i start my work "

rekha " go on my dear "

i started touching her booms from nighty. daya " rekha remove you nighty i want to see you naked " rekha " self service. what ever you want you do don't ask any thing"

i removed her nighty she is completely naked infront of me she lie down in her back her ass was pressing to bed looking like a moon and her pussy was opened like a flower i pressed her boom she mooned and booms are comein in the opposite direction to hands booms were very big than my hands my hand is not sufficiant to press them. she is mooning i put her nipple in my mouth it was so soft i went down from thier to her belly i kissed . i came down to her pussy i kissing her cunt she hold my head and kissed my lips said " stop it and go forther dear i con't countrole my self pleas " iam going to remov my short she said "stop it my turn " i said " ok do it" she removed rekha " haaa daya how big your tool . i want to keep it in my mouth" by saying she kept it in her mouth my cock head is touching with her toung when touch my cock head once 100000wats power passed in my body and she is doing up and down to her head iam in haven in some time iam going to come i said to rekha to do it fast iam going to come she do it faster and faster i cum in her mouth she taken it in completly and pick her up and kissed on her lips huged her tightly. my cock is became hard "now iam ready to fuck you" i said she asked me to put some oil on her cunt and my cock and i applied oil on both.

she wide opened her legs. her hole is in baby pink color i kissed on it and inserted my cock she cryed loudly her eyes were filled with tears i asked " what happen are you getting pain " she said " yes" she is a vergin this is first time to her and also for me it was to tight again i applied some more oil and rubbed for some seconds i asked " you are ready " she " ok go on " again inserted my cock in her cunt i force to get in now it is in her cunt is to hot she ask me to wait for some time to feel comfortable she adjusted her self and given signal tome to start i started pumping slowly she is moooning slowly i go on increased my speed she " haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ohhhhhhhhhhhhhoooooooooooooooo day fuck me fuck me hard harrrrrrrrrrrrd pleaseeeeeeee daya fuckkkk me fuck meeeeee i love you love you soooooo much fuuucccccccccck me haaaaaaaa ha hhhahahhhahhaaaa daya llllooooooooooooooooooove you daaaaaaaya yayaaaaaaaaaaaaa iam out pleaseeeeee fuck me fast day fast haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa " she cum and i also cum in her cunt i removed my cock she look at that and asked haaaa it was coverd with my bloood how good it is ilove you darling this is my first part in this i will tell after th brak