Transferred part 2

Exactly a week later two escorts brought Jay to the nurse's quarters 
where Catherine was waiting for him.  Jay had been stripped to his 
briefs before being brought before Catherine, and his hands were bound 
behind him. His face showed a light blush.

Although she had looked forward to this session since last week, she 
had to keep her composure and authoritative tone. Her panties were 
already damp. She had Jay step out of his briefs and lie face down on 
the padded table with his feet well apart, and placed binding straps 
around his waist and ankles. Jay, of course, knew that he was probably 
in for an enema or two, and expected that Catherine would now 
administer one.

He was surprised to hear the hum of electric clippers. He felt 
Catherine's hand grasp his right leg just below the knee, and then 
felt the effect of the clippers as she ran them up and down his calf.

"What - what are you doing?!"

"Miss Allison wants you shaved from the waist down. That's what I'm 
doing. Then you'll get your enemas."

"Please no, Catherine! I don't want -"

"Jay, we are NOT on a first name basis here. You are to address me as 
NURSE Catherine, or Ma'am. That is a demerit that I will note in your 
record."

Jay emitted a choked sob. He knew that a demerit meant more severe 
punishment. The clippers efficiently removed most of the hair on the 
backs and sides of his legs and thighs. Catherine went to work on his 
bared buttocks. She smiled in anticipation as she thought of what she 
had planned for today's session in Miss Allison's office.

When Catherine had finished with the clippers, she applied warm lather 
to his bared bottom and shaved him with a razor, including the area 
between his nether cheeks. Jay had to admit that the thought of 
Catherine's firm and slender fingers there was arousing - or would be, 
in another setting.

As Catherine worked on his legs with the lather and razor, she 
recalled the past week when she insisted that her boyfriend submit to 
being taken with the strap-on.  Although he initially showed some 
reluctance, her enticing smile and gentle persistence paid off, and 
she got the practice that she wanted for today's session.

She released the ankle restraints, loosened the waist strap, and had 
Jay turn over so that he was face up. The front parts of his legs, as 
well as his pubic area, had not been shaved yet. After cinching the 
waist strap and binding his wrists above his head, she prepared a 
three quart sudsy retention enema. He looked at the full and bulging 
read bag with trepidation. Catherine attached the inflatable retention 
nozzle to the hose, snapped on a disposable glove, and lubricated Jay. 
After she generously applied lubricant to the nozzle and flushed out 
the air in it, she had Jay bend his knees, and inserted it. Jay 
groaned as she inflated the nozzle so that it would definitely not 
slip out.

An audible click echoed within the treatment room as Catherine 
released the enema. Jay immediately felt the intrusion of the warm 
soapy liquid.

"Uhhhhhhhh!"

As the enema inexorably entered Jay, he felt filled to capacity after 
scarcely a quart. He groaned, panted, and begged Catherine to stop. 
She just smiled and watched. She had become accustomed to hearing what 
Jay repeated, that he could not take it, and that he was too full. By 
the time the three quarts were inside him, he almost constantly 
groaned and twisted in his restraints. His brow was furrowed and he 
panted.

"Now Jay," Catherine began, "I will continue your shaving. But first, 
I want you to ask me, properly, to shave your legs so that they're 
smooth like a girl's.  When you do that, I'll shave you."

Jay groaned, both from the distention caused by the three quart enema 
inside him, and the humiliating thing that Catherine ordered him to 
say.

"Uuuuuh! Please Nurse, can I get rid of the enema?"

"Not until you get shaved. And you know what you have to do before 
I'll shave you," she smiled.

A few moments passed, with Jay squirming and groaning.

"Nurse Catherine, will you, uh, shave me?"

"That's not good enough, Jay.  You're supposed to ask me to shave your 
legs so that they're smooth like a girl's," Catherine taunted. Then 
she added, "I know you like to look at girls' legs, Jay."

He was almost in tears then, and choked out a sob.  Then, realizing 
that he was truly in a bind, he attempted to say what Catherine told 
him.

"Aaaaaugh! Nurse Catherine, please -- uuuh -- shave my, uhh, legs so 
that, uhhh! they're smooth. UUh! Like, like a girl's."

"One more time, Jay, without the pauses."

The cramping and fullness from the large enema spurred him on. He knew 
that Catherine meant what she said and that the enema was going to 
stay inside him until he performed his humiliating task and she 
finished shaving him.

"Aaaaugh! Nurse Catherine, please shave my legs so they're smooth like 
a girl's!"

"That's better, Jay. After I shave you legs and pubic hair, you can 
get rid of your enema."

Catherine proceeded to leisurely use the clippers on the front parts 
of Jay's legs and thighs. Then she clipped his pubic hair. After 
applying hot lather to the freshly clipped areas, she used the 
straight razor to shave him smooth. The entire process had consumed 
about twenty minutes, and Jay was almost beside himself with the 
fullness and humiliation. She wiped his legs clean, then ran her hands 
up and down them.

"Ooh, now your legs are nice and smooth. Just like a GIRL!"

Catherine released his bonds and allowed him to get up and expel. She 
made sure he took about a half hour to get rid of the entire enema, 
since it had gone far inside him with the lengthy retention period. 
She watched him as he showered, and then called the escorts.

The two female escorts bound his hands behind him.

"Nurse Catherine, can I put on something before going out there?"

"Jay, if you wear anything, it's going to be a GIRL'S uniform.  With 
your shaved legs, I think you'd look darling in a short pullover dress 
and laceless sneakers!"

The escorts giggled, and Jay bowed his head.

The walk to Miss Allison's office seemed to take forever. Jay was very 
self-conscious about his freshly shaved legs and pubic area, and 
several new admissions stared at him probingly as they passed one 
another. He had to wait in the hallway with the escorts when Catherine 
entered Miss Allison's outer office. After a ten minute wait, with 
more new arrivals led past him, Catherine opened the door and said, 
"Okay, let's bring him in now."

Miss Allison stood casually and leaned against her desk. She wore a 
white blouse with sleeves rolled up, a black skirt, and black pumps.

"Well, Jay, do you remember what happened last week in my office?" 
Miss Allison quizzed.

Jay lowered his head and whispered, "Yes... ma'am."

"Tell me, Jay -- what are the rules for taking a whipping?"

Jay was further humiliated by this line of questioning. He stammered, 
"I-I-I have to bend over the desk."

"And?"

"And-and stay there without getting up."

"Without getting up OR what, Jay?"

"Or kicking!"

"Good. Now what happens if you get up or kick your legs?"

"I-I get extra."

"Correct. You know the rules. Now bend over across my desk, with your 
chest in contact with the surface at all times. I'm going to give you 
another whipping like last week."

Jay gave a sigh of resignation. He knew that whatever Miss Allison 
said was going to happen, would take place. He bent over the desk as 
instructed, with his chest touching its surface.

Miss Allison picked up the rattan punishment instrument and whisked it 
through the air a few times. Jay shuddered.

"Jay," Miss Allison continued as she whipped the cane through the air, 
"it appears that you have made some progress this week. But I am sure 
you can do much better. You know the stuff, but you should apply 
yourself to it. You also have a very recent demerit. To help you 
remember, I'll give you fifteen strokes today. Two extra every time 
you get out of position."

Jay was shocked. This was more than last week's painful lesson.

"Fifteen?! Please, Miss Allison!"

"Yes, fifteen. Remember what I said about applying yourself. We will 
begin."

Catherine stood back, with her legs pressed together. She admitted to 
herself that she greatly enjoyed seeing males endure punishment. She 
felt a twinge of arousal in her womanhood. Miss Allison took aim, and 
whipped the first stroke solidly across the center of Jay's bared 
buttocks.

"AAAAAAH! AAAAAAAAH AHHHH!" he shouted, and wiggled for a few seconds. 
Miss Allison paused but a short moment, and laid another stroke near 
the first one.

"AHHHHH! OH! OOOOOH!"

Catherine's pussy was wet at this point with her natural lubricant.  
Jay kicked his legs violently on the eighth and ninth strokes, and 
brought his will to the fore during the following three after that. 
Then he kicked on the fourteenth stroke.

Miss Allison paused for a minute, then said, "You got out of position 
three times, Jay. That's six extra, and you'll get them faster than 
the others." Jay didn't know how he was going to be able to take the 
extra strokes, but he knew that he had to somehow get through this. He 
gritted his teeth.

Miss Allison whipped the rattan cane vigorously so that they 
intersected the previous striations. Jay's anguished shouts rang in 
the room, and on the last stroke, he stood up.

"I just can't! It's too much!" he wailed.

Miss Allison tapped the desk surface with her cane.

"Get back there. Right now. Two more."

Jay knew that further argument would make it worse, so he complied.

He stayed bent over for the two vigorous strokes.

"Stay bent over, Jay. Nurse Catherine will prepare you for the next 
step by inserting a rectal plug in you."

"Oh God," Jay panted, and the others smiled.

Catherine unfastened Jay's wrist bindings and told him to spread his 
cheeks wide.  Then she snapped on a disposable glove and generously 
applied lubricant to his nether portal.

Jay groaned when Catherine inserted the butt plug. 

"Now grasp the other end of the desk, Jay," she instructed. "You will 
retain the rectal plug for five minutes."

Jay maintained his humiliating position for the requisite time while 
Catherine and Miss Allison chatted. At the end of five minutes, 
Catherine withdrew the butt plug and waited for Miss Allison to set 
the direction.

"Now, Jay," Miss Allison said, "I want you to hold that position. If 
you let go of the other end of the desk you will sorely regret it." 
Then she opened her desk drawer and pulled out a strap-on probe with 
its harness.  "Catherine, I would like you to use this on him. You'll 
need to strip, although you may keep your shoes on if you wish."

Catherine's heart raced as she walked over to the front of the desk 
and began to remove her clothes in front of Jay. Once she was totally 
nude, she paused for a moment, and then picked up the harness with its 
ominous probe. She stepped into it, and fastened it tightly around her 
waist. A smile of anticipation graced her visage, and she pulled on a 
fresh disposable glove on one hand. Her footsteps were silent as she 
walked behind Jay. She inserted a generous amount of lubricant inside 
him, and placed some on her probe.

Jay felt Catherine's hands spread his nether cheeks. Then the tip of 
her probe touched his entrance. She pushed in about two inches.

"Uhh!"

She worked it until it was up to the hilt.

"Uhhhh-ahhh!"

She gave a few brusque strokes, and then pulled out to put more 
lubricant inside Jay. He groaned when she re-entered him.  Then, with 
increasingly hard strokes, she pumped the strap-on  probe so the Jay 
felt the full length of it.

"Oh! Uhh! AAH! OHH! UUUUH! AAAAUGH! OH! AHHH!"

Catherine grasped Jay's hips more firmly and pumped vigorously.

"OOH! PLEASE! PLEASE NOT SO MUCH! PLEASE-NURSE-CATHERINE-IT-HURTS! 
OOH! AAH! OHH! NO MORE!"

Catherine continued to pump as Jay twisted and writhed. He did not 
release his grip on the opposite end of the desk, although he kicked 
his legs several times during his strap-on ordeal. He frequently 
complained that he was getting very sore back there, but Catherine 
paid no heed and used him thoroughly. She steadily and vigorously 
pumped until Miss Allison called a halt to her dominant pleasure. When 
she pulled out, she told Jay to stay in position. Her face flushed 
with arousal, she stepped out of the strap-on harness and put on her 
uniform.

Miss Allison summoned the escorts. As they led Jay out of the office, 
Catherine stayed and discussed how they would add to Jay's humiliation 
the following week.


-----
This story is copyright 2005 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com).  All rights 
reserved.  No reposting without permission.  Please see my other 
stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
