Mariko Makes A Movie - a Photographer Story
 by Delta Venus

Copyright 2009



I own my own photography studio, which makes it easy to indulge
in my other hobby, sexually exploiting women. Fucked up? Yes, it
is, but I get off on it, so I don't really care. I've been
keeping a low profile lately, but have still had a lot of fun,
all because of a victim of mine who turned the tables on me (see
"Stealing Innocence"). She finally got bored of playing with me,
though, so it was time to dig into the bag of tricks, and set up
something to do.


I decided to stay away from the young stuff, the heat is still
on, and I really don't want to have my next sexual encounters be
with a cell-mate named Bubba. For my scam-du-jour I picked an old
favorite, the mix-up. A slightly simpler version of the trick I
use to get under-age models to go for adult posing sessions (see
"Grown-Up Fun"). I get a model in the office, and act like she
has consented already to do adult work, and if she protests, I
"discover" from my phony prop files that there are two women with
the same name, and I have "gotten them confused and mixed-up".
This trick doesn't work as well with the older, more mature
women, they balk a lot sooner than most teenagers, partly because
they don't need the cash as badly, but mostly because they don't
have the deep seated need to be treated like adults that a
teenager does, which is the major hook.


Even if the scam doesn't work all that well with women, as
opposed to girls, it can still be fun finding out where a
particular potential victim will draw the line. Will she tell me
to fuck off before she exposes any skin at all? Will she consent
to lingerie, or even to go topless, before she pulls the plug?
Topless is the line almost no women go past, and many drop out
before then. Still, it is something to do, and I can always share
the resulting pictures over a few drinks with the guys I recruit
to help out, laughing at the shocked expressions and embarassed
at being exposed looks that are sure to be captured by my
cameras.


I went through my recruit files until I came across 34 year old
Mariko, who seemed perfect for a days entertainment. An asian
beauty, shy, and very married. She wanted to model evening wear,
and had only reluctantly agreed to consider beach wear, as it was
very revealing. Asian in looks only, she had been born in
California, as had her parents, her shyness was part of her
character, not her upbringing. A challenge! Or maybe not much of
a challenge, since she would scare off rather easily, but sure to
give lots of emotional reactions for the cameras, which would be
just as enjoyable as any partial nudity I might be able to talk
her into.


She was a looker, too. About five foot four inches tall, with a
perky set of 34 B breasts, the long, super straight, shiny black
hair that is rarely found on anyone but a woman of asian descent.
A nice golden hued skin, smooth as a teeny-boppers in spite of
being in her middle thirties. Wonderfully sexy legs, with well
shaped calves, and nicely turned ankles. I'd have a lot more work
for her if she wasn't so shy about showing off what she had,
because what she had was worth showing off.


She responded well to my call, eager to get some work. I had her
come right in, and called a couple of friends to help out, mostly
out of habit. I expected Mariko to chicken out well before they
would be needed, but I decided to Boy Scout things and be
prepared just in case.


"Well, Mariko, I see we already have a signed model release for
you. That makes things simpler," I said. It was a lie, she had
never signed a release.


"Uh, OK. I'm glad we have the paperwork out of the way," she
said.


Her voice was as lovely as her body, smooth and sexy. I was
crossing my fingers that the next few minutes went well, or I'd
probably be alone in the studio. No more sexy voice to listen to,
no more awesome body to look at.


"OK, why don't you go on in the dressing room, the costuming is
already laid out for you, and we can meet on the set over there,
and get started with some still pictures."


"Still pictures?"


"Yes, before we shoot the video segments, I'd like to get some
stills of you in the costume, I'm sure you'll be lovely, and I'd
hate to miss the opportunity."


"Video?"


Shit, here it comes, she is going to bail! Press her quick, or
she'll be gone!


"Yes, some short video segments, as we agreed when we signed the
contracts. No worries! Hurry up and get into costume, I do have
another shoot scheduled for later... Scoot! Scoot!"


I shooed her into the dressing room, and thankfully she let me
shoo her, and didn't decide to run away. The look on her face was
pure apprehension, I figured she might not even put on the
costume. Well, nothing ventured, nothing gained. She took awhile
in the dressing room, but eventually came out, wearing a robe
over the costume, but she had put on the costume instead of
chickening out. Bingo! I'd at least get a few sexy shots out of
this, I had already made sure all my video cameras were rolling.


"Are you sure this is the right costume for me?" She asked
shakily.


"Yes, yes! You'll look marvelous!"


Once I got her to shed the robe, the costume did look marvelous.
It consisted of lacy black push-up bra, a stiff black corset
covering most of her torso, a high rise set of black panties,
sheer black stockings fastened to the corset, a pair of black
sling-back "fuck me!" heels, and a filmy cape-like cover-up that
you could call black except it was mostly see-thru. The corset
and the cover-up were to make her feel like she had more clothes
on than she did, and wasn't as exposed as she was. It seemed to
be working, at least enough so that she had put the outfit on,
and had consented to removing the dressing robe that had been
covering it all up.


I wasted no time, and began giving her direction, figuring if I
got her busy it would take her mind off the outfit. I mentioned
it before, but she looked marvelous! Her nervous smile was icing
on the cake, it made her look many years younger, a very innocent
touch. I was careful not to pose her too explicitly, nothing lewd
yet, must not scare the model away before the men show up to
play!


The second she started to look more relaxed, and her smile became
a mite more genuine and not so nervous looking, I asked her to
remove the bra. She froze. Her smile was still there, but her
eyes looked like the proverbial deer caught in the headlights. I
couldn't back off now, it would give me away, so I plowed right
on ahead, and began giving directions for how I wanted it to come
off.


"Undo the clasp, slowly, slowly. Now let the straps fall, but
hold the cups up keeping your breasts covered for the moment. Now
let the cups fall, but keep your hands up still covering
everything up. Tease the camera for a moment, that's right. Now
take your hands away very slowly, and let your breasts come into
view. Perfect!"


She did exactly what I asked. Her smile was a frozen fake, and
her eyes looked like she had just witnessed a murder, they were
so full of terror, but she was a true trooper, and did exactly
what I directed her to. Her tits were magnificent! The golden
color of her skin went to a deep mocha brown at her silver dollar
sized puffy areolae. She must not have thought this was too
terrible, because her quite large nipples were standing out
straight and proud from those wide areolae, like chocolate kisses
on a mound of silky pudding. Awesome!


I had to keep focused, and keep her busy following my direction
and posing for me. I figured if she got one moment to breathe,
she would flee faster than I could say "don't go". She seemed to
relax, but only just a little. The smile seemed a bit more like a
real smile, instead of a frozen set of wax lips, but her eyes
still told a tale of terror. She was freaking out inside, I could
tell. Still, she stayed with the program, and followed directions
wonderfully.


The signal light I use instead of a doorbell when I'm in the
studio went off, letting me know the guys I'd invited to help
with the video session had probably arrived. This would be the
most likely time for Mariko to bail out, a real moment of truth.
I was certain she'd leave, after all she had already been pushed
way beyond her tolerance levels, and was on the verge of a total
freakout, but I figured I'd gotten much more out of this session
that I had ever planned, why not go for broke and see what plays
out.


"Mariko, I'll be right back, and we'll start the video. Don't go
anywhere!"


She looked at me like I was crazy, but she stayed put. I went to
the front door, and sure enough the two guys I'd called, Bill and
Steve, had arrived. They knew the score, and were suprised when I
quietly told them the model was still here. The last few times
I'd asked for their help, my potential porn star had long since
vacated the premises. I told them to go for it right from the
start, Mariko was responding well to getting pressed into things
faster than her mind could wrap itself around what was happening,
and she'd either go with the flow, or she'd completely freak out.
Since a freak out was quite likely anyways, pressing her quickly
had more upside potential than negative consequence.


I led them into the studio, and Mariko became one big blush. Her
golden skin turned the brightest pink I think I've ever seen. She
made no move to cover herself, or to leave in a hurry, in fact
she seemed to have frozen again, becoming a statue, a very pink
statue.


"These are your co-stars for the video session, Mariko. Just try
to relax, and go with my direction and what the guys are doing as
best you can."


Bill and Steve pounced on this shy, sexy housewife like cats
after a canary. Bill had his tongue in her mouth, and Steve had
his hands on her tits, before she had even a second to react. She
stayed frozen for a couple of seconds, then seemed to almost
collapse as all the tensions went out of her, like one of those
rubber-band puppets when the button is pressed. You could see all
her major muscles let go, and the fear leave her face. The blush
never left her skin, but it faded a little.


Bill and Steve kept their hands and lips moving all over her,
never giving her a second when one or the other of them wasn't
paying her body attention with caresses, pinches, pokes, nibbles,
and lots of kissing, too. Mariko was responding well to all the
attention. She didn't freak out, she got her freak on! The mens
clothes came off, and so did the lingerie, and she was even
sexier naked than she had been all dolled up in the costuming.
Bill and Steve were two lucky sons-of-bitches!


I never would have believed that this shy married woman would
have gone for this the way she was, I thought she'd run screaming
from the room. Watching Bill slide his hard dick into her sexy,
pouting mouth, caressing her high asian cheekbones while he did
it, I realized I had really called this one wrong. Steve had his
dick inside her hot pussy before she even got started sucking on
Bill. We had a Mariko sandwich, and she wasn't doing anything to
try and stop it, she wanted it just as much as the two guys did.
Her arousal was obvious, real, and looked sexy as hell. She
wanted to get fucked, and she no longer cared about her modesty,
or being shy in front of the cameras. I think she forgot all
about the cameras for that matter.


The hot threesome went through most of the standard variations,
and the guys did a great job of both turning Mariko on, and
showing her off for my lenses - they were totally into her, but
they never forgot this was a porno shoot, too. Professionals. I
had a raging hard on, but I knew I should stick to getting all
the action on film, rather than trying to join in on it myself.
Mariko was in the zone, and I wanted nothing to disturb that
until we'd gotten her to orgasm, oh, a thousand times or so. She
lit up the film, and I knew I had gold, I wanted to mine as much
of it as possible, not screw it up by thinking with my dick. I
give in to my cock too much as it is.


When she orgasmed, it was magical. The reactions of her body were
intense, and very obviously not faked, but it was the look on her
face that grabbed you. There is nothing like the face of a
beautiful woman contorted in that utmost of pleasures, no longer
poised or hesitant, showing raw lust and emotional energy on a
primal level. Hers was no exception. Her incredible energy lit
off Bill and Steve as much as it did me, and they couldn't hold
back after such a peak. Steve pumped semen into Mariko's pussy
with a savage intensity, and Bill shot stream after stream across
her face and into her open, gasping mouth.


The guys both pulled off her, and let me get some great shots of
her cum covered face, and leaking pussy. Mariko was in a daze for
another moment, then I saw the lights come on in her eyes, and
she looked right at me taking video of the cum leaking out of her
holes, and covered her face and pussy with her hands, gave a big
gasp, and ran off into the dressing room like a streak of
lightning.


Bill and Steve were all laughs and high fives, but they gathered
their clothes in a hurry, and were out of there fast. They both
knew I would probably be dealing with a very emotional and quite
likely pissed off woman, and they wanted no part of the drama.
Mariko didn't take long in the dressing room, and when she came
out, fully dressed in the conservative clothes she had originally
arrived in, I was almost blown away by her lack of anger, the
sparkle in her eyes, and what she had to say before she left.


"I've always wanted to do something like that, but I'd never have
done it if I wasn't pushed into it. I knew from the start that
you hadn't mistaken me for one of your porno models, you knew
exactly who I was -  and I don't care! I want to make more
movies!"


A Star Is Born!


        &#9650;&#9792;

http://deltavenus.bestdamnpornblogs.com/
