Hi Friends, I am really excited reading the stories in indiansexstories.net I am a now in Hyderabad 25yrs old. How I learned sexual experience with my cousin will be narrating here.

I have lived in a joint family in my childhood. It is a very big family. Myself and my cousin (Vimala) who is four years elder than me was very close with me. In my childhood I have to help for washing the cloths and drying, getting cloths stitched. When I am studying myself and Vimala got a chance to go to nearby my village to get the clothes after stitching. While going to that place Vimala suddenly called me near the bushy area and she told to me to lift her petticoat. She was not wearing panties. Then she told me to touch her pussy and rub it fastly with my finger. Suddenly my index finger was playing with her pussy, in the centre part of her pussy hole whenever I touch it she will crush me like anything. That time she is not having very big boobs. After that she told to me to see it clearly. Her Pussy was little bit bulged. After that we left to that place and returned to my village. Like this whenever we get a chance I will insert my fingers inside her pussy and I then I will crush her bums. She was very lean that time.

Later I got a chance to see her fully naked, really I have shocked. Her boobs were fantastic. I holded her right side boobs and crushed it. She was moaning like anything. She was very fair also. She told me to kiss everywhere in her body. Finally she told me to suck her nipples. Nipples were small still I have obeyed her order and sucked it. Because I do not know at that time what I am doing. After sucking her nipples she told me to touch her cunt lips. I holded her cunt lips with my two fingers and I have massaged her cunt lips. After this she got very good sensation and satisfied with that. After this incident we did not get a chance to have fun like this.

After a gap of two years we got a chance to have fun. This time onwards only I got little bit sexual feeling while seeing her. By this time her boobs were little big and her bums also grown big. On that day nobody was there in my home. She called me to come to my upstairs room. I have gone with her inside the room. After entering into the room she bolted the room. We closed all the windows so nobody can see us. Suddenly she hugged me and pressing my head into her boobs she told me that you suck my nipple you will get more enjoyment because I have matured. Now she removed her blouse and told me to remove her bra. Her bra hooks were in the backside. Therefore, I removed her bra from backside. Now I have kissed her backside. She has got some excitement so she pulled my hands to touch her breasts from backside. I have cupped her breasts by both hands from backside. My dick has raised in tension and touching her buts. She removed my trousers and as well as my underwear. Now my dick was in full tension. 

She holded my rod tip and doing the shaping work vigorously. I was very hot now. Suddenly I have crushed left side breast and started to lick around the small black portion. She has started to shake my rod to raise full level. She removed her petticoat also. Her cunt was very fantastic shape while seeing in the daylight. Because I am the lucky person seeing her after her hole busted. Her cunt side she was having light pubic hair. It was very sexy to see that place. She was pulling my rod to touch that place. Suddenly she placed my rod into her vagina and then she was pressing my bums. Here I was sucking her right side nipple and playing her left breast with my hands. I have started fucking her but I am not getting any semen. She was moaning like anything. 

After this I have removed my rod from her cunt and then I have inserted my fingers into her vagina and rubbed it. Finally she told me not to tell this type of incident to anybody. That day we have enjoyed nearly two hours.
After this incident we did not get a chance

