She's married.

But that doesn't stop her. Once she got over her initial shock that there are some men who *would* do it, let alone *want* to do it, she couldn't stop thinking about it.

"I know my husband would never do it," she confided in hushed tones at lunch one day.

"Why don't you ask him?"

"I couldn't do that! I just couldn't."

I saw excitement in her eyes, and a slight blush on her face. I kept quiet, as I wanted to see what she would say next. I knew what she wanted to ask. Finally she found the courage.

"Is that something YOU would do?"

I paused before answering. "I would, with the right woman."

She must have seen my slight smile. "So, have you done it?" she impatiently asked.

We had not talked about sex related matters before, but I felt comfortable with this conversation. I told her that I had indeed done it a few times. Her eyes were wide. She looked sensuous and aroused. "What's it like?!" she pressed.

"Women really like it when they try it.  The orgasms they have are stratospheric. It's just as much from the idea of what is happening, as the physical sensations. And I like being part of the reason they're feeling so good," I answered.

"So, are you seeing anyone now?" she tentatively asked.

"No, I just fantasize now."

We finished lunch in silence. She was no doubt thinking about the subject at hand. Finally she spoke. "I might leave for work early tomorrow morning. Would it be okay if I stopped by your place?"

Whoa - I didn't know exactly what she had in mind, but I wanted to know. I removed a key to my apartment from my key ring and handed it to her. "Just let yourself in when you come over - and if I'm sleeping, wake me up."

She looked at me incredulously. "You're giving me a key to your apartment?" This time I was the one with excited eyes, and I nodded assent. She flashed an aroused smile.

I was still in bed the next morning when I heard the door open, and pretended I was sleeping. She quietly came into my bedroom and sat on the bed. I stirred, and caught her smile.

"I just fucked his brains out. I was going to have you tell me more about our lunchtime subject, but I've got to clean up first, I'm really full." She started to get up.

"Wait!" I hurriedly exclaimed. "Let me do that."

Her eyes widened, and she said nothing. By that time, the area between our legs was doing our thinking, and we both knew that. As if in slow motion, I got out of bed, my nearly purple erection sticking out like a flagpole. "Sit on the edge of the bed," I whispered, and knelt before her. I lifted her skirt, and she giggled. She had discarded her panties, and I was treated to the beautiful sight of almost opened, reddened pussy lips and her furry mound, glistening with sperm.

Our moment of truth had arrived. Was she, a married woman who had come over to my bedroom after intense intercourse with her husband, going to let me lick her pussy full of sperm?

I tentatively licked her slit. She gasped. I licked again, and she panted. Another lick, and she exclaimed, "Oh!" I licked more exuberantly, and she squirmed. When I pushed my tongue inside her pussy, she said, "Oh my God, you're doing it! You're really doing it!"

I pressed in, and fervently kissed her pussy lips as I extracted copious sperm from her well-fucked pussy. She twisted, and wiggled her hips. She could not keep still. She kept exclaiming "Oh my gosh!" as her breathing became faster and heavier. Another moment of my probing and kissing and she crested into an intense orgasm. She violently pumped her hips as I held on.

"Oh my gosh, that was intense!" she sighed. "You were right - I love it - and it's a mental trip too!"

She got up and saw my unfulfilled need. She grasped my throbbing member and said, "I'm sorry I can't take care of that today. Try to keep from ejaculating before I come back. That'll make it all the more pleasurable when I relieve your pressure. And - thank you for this morning. Thank you so much!"

She kissed me while still grasping my erection. Then, with a sly smile, she let herself out and went to work.

My mind was in turmoil. I was convinced that she had planned to seduce me into eating her pie. But what did she have in mind for next time, especially when she wanted me to avoid ejaculation until then? I was strongly tempted to go ahead and obtain release, and I knew the temptation would be stronger if I waited. But I decided to wait.

My hopes for relief were dashed when she did not come over the following day. I stoically refrained from relief that day. After a restless sleep that night, I heard the door quietly open. She came to my bed and smiled sexily.

"Quick - lie down," she directed, and hiked up her skirt as she straddled my mouth.

"Gmmmph!" I energetically licked her sperm-filled pussy, and after a few moments, kissed and sucked on it. She rewarded me with her loud gasps of orgasm.

"Oh, that felt good!" she exclaimed. "That was two days worth."

She had a sexual blush on her face, and an excited smile. She lay prone on top of me, and tenderly kissed me. I could scarcely believe I was doing this with a married woman. As the kissing became more passionate, I felt her hand grasp my aroused cock. To my amazement, she brought the tip of my erection up to her pussy.

I couldn't resist. I pushed in, and she accepted my full length with a sensual moan. She pumped her hips impatiently, and giggled when I bucked like a stallion under her in my intense ejaculation.

"Aren't you glad you waited?" she teased, and gently pumped to milk the residual sperm from me. "Oh my gosh, you filled me up good! Here, I want you to clean me."

She again straddled my willing mouth, and I kissed and licked my profuse sperm from her. It just kept coming, and she had three orgasms from my attentions.

We had both crossed a line from which there was no turning back. She took me inside her again that morning, and filled the room with her exclamations of orgasm as I kissed and licked all the sperm from her sweet married pussy.

She instructed me to keep from solo ejaculations even when it meant that there would be several days that she would not come over. The next few weeks were exciting, since I never knew from one morning to the next, if I would experience relief. She came over about twice a week, her pussy full of her husband's profuse sperm, and after I performed my cleanup task, we had sweet intercourse. Of course, I always licked up my own seed from her pussy.

One evening I was surprised to hear her unlock the door and come in. "My husband just left for a business trip. He fucked me good." her eyes were wide with excitement, and we went to my bedroom. She nudged me on my back before I even started to take my clothes off. With my cock pressing hard against the confinement of clothes, I accepted her abundantly creamy pussy on my mouth and saw her through two orgasms. Then we both undressed. She stayed the night, and we had intercourse four times. After each blissful ejaculation, I fervently kissed and sucked her pussy. Her loud gasps of orgasm always spurred me on to kiss her pussy until she told me to stop.

She still comes over about twice a week, and after I extract and swallow her husband's sperm, she plays teasing and denial games. She wants me to vigorously fuck her for a while before I ejaculate, which is nearly impossible after a few days of frustrating abstinence. I try to hold back, and I'm getting better at it, but once I get past a certain point, I give in and ejaculate so intensely that I almost pass out.

Then she straddles my mouth and I willingly give her orgasm after orgasm as I extract my own seed from her pussy.

-----
This story is copyright 2011 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com). All rights reserved. No reposting without permission. Please see my other stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
