 live at Devikulam, Idukki District. I am Jessy Mathew. I am 27 years of age right now. My dad passed away when I was 13. I looks after my mom and work as home maker. I am not married and do not plan anything now. I do not want children now.

My elder sister Lissa lives with at Palai. Her husband works as engineer in 
an oil company in Riyad. He returns occassionaly, and Lissa quit her 
nursing job and looks after family. They have a beautiful five bedroom 
house by the side of Meenachil river. Whenever I go Palai, I wish to 
have a bath in the river, which is not unusual for me. I am bold and can look 
anyone in the eye. I'm not a scary cat, though my brother-in-law tease 
me like that.

Here at Devikulam, my house is modest and neat. Far in the backyard, I 
have a pond with small fishes. There is a majestic "devatharu" tree beside 
the pond. In summer, me and Lissa enjoyed the delight of karrikku (tender 
coconut) by the shade of devatharu.  I grew up here and played hide 
and seek around devatharu. During Karkitakam and Thual masam, when the 
monsoon pours out, the pond overflows and I make paper boats and play fishing. 
This is very enjoyable and fun. Before the arrival of cable and VCR, I grew 
up closer to nature. This is the source of my Malayalee spirit. I feel 
as if time froze there. I am rather petrified by the serenity of the 
surroundings.

I never knew about the touch of man in my life. I love the lyrics of 
Vayalar and others. Being born in Chinga masam, with sun ruling me, I 
am adamant about my choice of man. The moment Cettai tied the knot with 
Lissa, my life changed forever because a man entered the footsteps of my life. 
Before that me and lissa even shared the bed like children. With Palai 
chettan life started afresh, for good.

Recently, Lissa was to deliver the second baby. Being the best loved 
person, Chettan asked me to go over to Palai and stay until the 
difficult operation with complications like fibroid is over and Lissa becomes her 
own.  I grabbed the chance to serve my sister.  I stayed at the house and 
Chettan went back and forth from hospital to home. I looked after the 
first baby and cooked food for them. I kept the house clean and watched the 
huge supply of video. It was awesome. I also wished to have a rich and 
muscular and strong man for a husband.

With Lissa still in hospital, Chettan returned as usual and complained 
of a headache. He asked me to make a cup of tea. I made tea with 
Darjeeling tea leaves and rushed upstairs to his bed room. I was shocked to see my 
chettan viewing nude art works. I didn't care, after all boys will be boys. 
Then as I gently stretched the tea tray and nicely arranged tea biscuits, he 
ever so gently slipped a beautiful ring on to my little finger. There was a 
Gomedaka stone on it. I stood shocked and confused. He is not 
talking. 
Why ? Is he not happy, after all ? Now, Chettan has my exclusive 
attention, why he is not talking ? Didn't he like me? I too was 
longing for this moment deep in my heart, wasn't I ?  Well, I felt that 
Chettan might be afraid of me. Though Chettan can manage oil company, I knew 
how to manage home and hearts. So, I parted my lips and slowly pressed 
forward the tip of my tongue. Chettan slowly became a man that he is and gently 
seated me in his lap and caressed my hair. He compared my curls to 
panam-kula and began pulling my hair. At one point Chettan felt my hair could beused as Veena kambi. He is funny. Lissa told me about his fun chat many many 
times. I knew it was the beginning of his fall. He fumbled with my 
breasts. 
 I didn't object the least. I sweared I won't loose my virginity by 
any chance. I sang his favorite lyrics. We hugged and kissed until we got 
exhausted.

 Then all of a sudden, the door bell rang. We returned to the real 
life from the romance. I rushed downstairs. It was Lissa's friend Joyce 
bringing flowers and greetings for the new born. She saw my hair 
spread out and undone. I felt sorry for Chettan. It would be devastating for 
Chechi, if the secret leaked out. I love flowers and was surprised by the 
sunflowers in the bouquet. I love sunflowers. 