Sample Segment

This is a sample from an ebook I'm working on. I went with a dialog based scene instead of just doing blow by blows.

Let me know what you think, I'd appreciate it.

Regards,

RibaldWriter

* * * * *

Gage picked up his phone and grinned when he looked at the caller ID. He hit the speakerphone button and said, "Hey hon, where are you? I didn't know you went out."

"I didn't." Julie laughed. "I'm up in the playroom, and I need your help with something. Can you come up here for a minute?"

"Yeah, gimme a minute, and I'll be right up." He said.

When he stepped into the playroom a couple of minutes later, he looked around in confusion. It was empty.

He stepped back into hall and and called for her, and was surprised when he heard her voice coming from the playroom.

"I'm in here, silly." She laughed

He stepped back into the room, and as he did, he saw a foot, then a full, shapely calf rise out of the pool. He walked over and looked inside, and saw her stretched out on her back, running her hands slowly over her oil covered body.

"Hi." She giggled, smiling up at him as she spread her legs. "I was really horny, and I thought you might be able to help. I've been thinking about you all day, and I just couldn't wait any longer."

"Well, we can't have you walking around horny, now can we?" He said as he unbuttoned his shirt and let it slip off his shoulders. He opened his jeans and pushed them down and kicked them off, then stepped into the pool and knelt in front of her. 

"Do you want to do the honors?" He asked, holding his arms out.

"Oh yeah..." She grinned, and picked up a bottle of oil and sprayed at him. She ran it up and down over his chest, then got up on her knees and pushed him down and sprayed his back. She tossed the bottle aside as she slid up on top of him and started squirming around, mashing her tits into his back as she slithered up and down over him.

"Damn, those big tits feel really good rubbing on my back like that." He grunted, moving his arms up and putting his hands under his head. He sighed and closed his eyes as he said, "Gimme a titty massage. Just rub my back with those fine assed tits. I'm kind of tense, and I think it would help me relax."

"You feel pretty relaxed to me already." She said, pressing her tits into his back as she slipped her hand under him. She wrapped her fingers around his cock and started pumping it slowly, smiling as she felt it getting harder in her hand. 

"Even this part doesn't feel that tense." She said, tightening her fingers around it. "You must have used it all night. You usually get hard as soon as I touch you."

"No, I went to bed and slept straight through." He lied. "I've just got alot on my mind right now." 

"Yeah, like what?" She asked, moving down over him, swishing her tits slowly over his lower back.

"I dunno, I wonder if I'm man enough to get you pregnant, or how I'll feel if the baby is ugly. My uncle Bert was one ug..."

"Oh, you're man enough all right. You got some big ol' super sperm swimmin' around in those balls of yours. And we're gonna have a beautiful baby, so don't you worry about that." She laughed as she ran her fingers over the head of his cock.

"All babies are beautiful, hon. But he could get ugly as he gets older." He grunted as her fist closed around his cockhead, massaging it gently.

"You don't have to worry about that either." She purred softly. "You're good looking, I'm pretty hot...I can already see you sitting on the porch with a shotgun cuz so many boys are gonna be sniffing around for a taste of our little girls sweet ass."

He laughed as he pushed up and rolled over under her suddenly. He pushed her down till she was kneeling between his legs, and grinned down at her. 

"What did you do that for?" She asked, looking up at him. "Didn't my tits feel good rubbing your back?"

"Yeah, but now I wanna feel 'em wrapped around my dick." He told her, leaning up on his elbows.

"You do, huh?" She laughed, reaching down and pulling his cock up as she leaned over him, letting her tits hang in front of her. She pushed the fleshy mounds around his cock and squeezed them together between her arms, moving up and down slowly as she looked up at him. "I suppose you want me to use my mouth too. You want me to suck on this big, fat cock while you fuck my titties till you cum in my mouth, and all over my face, like you did with Syl?"

"Nah, I just want to feel them around my cock for a little while before you climb up and sit on it." He said as he laid back, putting his hands behind his head, getting comfortable. "I want you to just fuck me, slow and easy like for a couple hours. Or until I get bored."

"You think you could get bored fucking me, huh?" She laughed as she pressed her tits harder against his cock. She lifted and lowered her upper body slowly, rubbing up and down against his cock. "I don't think you will. My little pussy knows all kinds of tricks, and she's very talented at sucking your dick. I can make all her muscles squeeze, and tickle, and massage your cock...I could fuck you for days, and you'd never get bored."

"I know you could keep me hard for days if you want. But you really don't want to do that. Those ads for the hard-on pills say..."

"Oh, I'd let you get soft. I like the way your soft cock feels in me." She said, smiling up at him as she let her tits hang free, and started crawling up over him. "Sometimes, after we fuck, I just lay on you and feel it getting soft in me. It still fills me up, and I just lay there sucking and squeezing it with my pussy."

Sliding up over him slowly, she got up on her knees and reached down, guiding his cock between her legs. She pressed the underside into the thick bush of her pubes, and humped up and down a few times, then pushed it between her legs and ran the fat knob between the swollen lips of her pussy.

"Oh fuck..." He groaned, arching up at her, trying to get his cock inside her.

"Is something wrong sweetie?" She asked, raising her hips in time with his thrusts, keeping him from penetrating her. Running the head of his cock in slow circles over her clit, she smiled down at him. "You look like you're in pain baby. Is your poor little dick sore from fucking Sara all night? That's what it is, isn't it? You fucked her so much, your dick got all raw and now..."

"No, that's not it." He panted, pulling down on her hips. "But there's a couple things you need to know. First, you never use the words little and dick consecutively in a sentence. Second, I could fuck Sara and fifty other women back to back, and still be able to fuck you till you beg for mercy. And third, if you don't put it in...and I mean right fucking now, I swear I'm gonna throw you off and wear that juicy little cunt out!"

"Damn, ya'll sure got some kinky pillow talk, dontcha?" Sara laughed from the door. "And I took it easy on ya last night baby brother. I know ya got three horny pussies to service 'round here. And me bein' then new kid on the block, it just wouldn't be right for me to go leavin' ya limp as a noodle."

"Why thank you, Sara." Julie laughed as she centered his cock at the opening of her pussy. She pushed down slowly, throwing her head back she felt the thick knob bulling up inside her. She moaned as she said, "I'm sure Syl appreciates it too."

"Oh don't you worry 'bout my pretty pet, sweetie. She just got done workin' out, and she did so good I gave her a little treat. She's plum tuckered out now, an she's takin' a nap."

"Yeah, what kind of treat did you give her?" Julie asked, working her hips in slow circles as she took more of his cock deep into her pussy. "You didn't fuck her in the ass again, did you?"

"Nah, I ate her out a little, then flipped her over and tongue fucked that sweet little ass of hers for her." Sara chuckled as she came over to stand next to the pool. She ran one hand between her legs, her fingers brushing her clit as she watched Julie writhing sensuously on top of Gage. "I swear, that girl sure loves gettin' a tongue stuck up her butt. I bet she likes it better than gettin' her pussy licked."

"I don't suppose either of you noticed that we're fucking here." Gage grunted, pulling down on Julie's hips as he arched his hips up at her clasping pussy.

"I sure as hell did." Julie laughed, leaning forward and putting her hands on his chest. She started grinding her crotch down at him, tightening her inner muscles around him as she started moving up and down on his cock. "But I can talk and fuck at the same time, especially when it's dirty talk like we're doin'. My tight little cunt is suckin' your dick just fine baby, so that leaves my mouth free for other things."

"I can think of somethin' you can do with yer mouth if ya got a mind to." Sara said softly.

"Yeah, what would that be, hon" Julie said in a husky voice, running her tongue over her bottom lip.

"You could suck my girl cock for me." Sara said, pushing her hips forward as she let her fingers spread around the stiff stalk of her clit. Julie could see it poking out between her fingers.

Julie looked down at Gage, then back over at Sara. She smiled as she held her arms out toward her.

"Bring it here." She said as she watched her step over the wall of the pool, then step over Gage and come to a stop right in front of her face. "But I don't want to just suck it, Sara. I want you to fuck me in the mouth with it. I want to pretend it's another dick, and you're making me suck you off while your buddy fucks me."

"Oh shit." Gage muttered as he stared up at the tight round globes of Sara's ass, the clean shaved lips of her pussy flowering open, glistening with her juices. His hips humped savagely up into Julie's pussy as he watched her hands come around and grasp her small round asscheeks.

Sara put her hands on the back of Julie's head, her fingers wrapping in her hair as she pulled her face forward. She rocked her hips up and forced the thick nub of her clit into her mouth.

Julie moaned a she felt the fat shaft of Sara's clit pushing between her lips. She felt a spasm flutter through her pussy, and a flood of her juices filled her clasping cunt channel. Her ass moved wildly as she humped up and down on Gage's cock, and she sucked on Sara's clit, her tongue slapping and slashing over the underside, then all around over it.

Sara grunted and started pumping her hips against her face, her pussylips grinding against her chin, leaving a sticky sheen of pearly cunt cream in their wake. Her knees bent as her clit throbbed and grew even longer and harder in Julie's eagerly sucking mouth.

Gage writhed and thrashed as Julie threw her pussy down onto his cock, and he met her frenzied motions, lifting and lowering his ass and driving his cock up into her in long, tip to root lunges. His balls quivered in their wrinkled sac, starting to pull up tight under his thundering cockshaft.

Julie whimpered as Sara fucked her mouth with her clit. It had swollen to almost three inches long, and more than an inch across, and it really felt like she was sucking a cock, not another girls clit. Turning her head, she forced it out of her mouth, dipping down and lashing her tongue over the juice dripping lips of her pussy.

Sara groaned, and threw her leg over her shoulder, mashing Julie's face into the sopping wet swamp of her pussy. She cried out as her tongue darted up inside her, sweeping around the tight ring of muscle guarding the entrance to her cunt. She whimpered when she pulled back, pushing her leg off her shoulder and sucked her clit back into her mouth.

Julie sucked hungrily at Sara's clit as it slid back into her mouth. Her ass was a blur as she fucked up and down over Gage, and she moaned deep in her throat as she drove two fingers into Sara's pussy, her other hand still clasping her ass tightly, holding her to her.

Sara grunted as Julie's fingers pumped in and out of her pussy, then stiffened, raising up on her toes when her fingers brushed over the top of her cunt channel. She moved her ass, trying to signal her to touch her in the same place again, but Julie mindlessly plowed her fingers in her pussy, fucking the tight hole roughly.

Gage grunted as he felt Julie's pussy clenching and clasping wildly around his cock as she started cumming. He felt his balls quiver, then felt the first fiery slugs of his cum racing up his cockshaft as his balls ejected their creamy cargo.

He twisted roughly to the side, rolling them over. They slid across the oily pool and slammed into the wall as he fought to get his knees under him, his cock still spitting out sticky strings of cum into her cunt. His arms slid up under her, and he grabbed her shoulders, pulling her down onto his cock as he got up on his knees over her.

Sara fell to the side, bouncing as she landed on the spongy mattress, and she scampered over to them, throwing her leg over Julie's head. Grinding the sopping wet slit of her pussy onto her mouth, she pressed her clit down, rubbing it back and forth over her face. 

Julie's legs flew up and wrapped around Gage's hips, her heels digging into his asscheeks as she humped up at him frantically. She pumped her legs as she writhed under him, pulling his cock into her again and again as his hot cum spewed into the depths of her. 

Pulling Sara's ass down, she sucked her clit back into her mouth, working it hungrily between her lips. Stiffening three fingers, she drove them into the wet heat of her pussy, her fingertips grinding into the upper wall of her cunt. Sara stiffened as she rubbed her g-spot, the unexpected sensations making her start to pull away.

Julie's hand was on her ass, holding her to her, moving her up and down over her face as she sucked her clit. Sara's eyes rolled up in her head and she screamed as a thick stream of girl cum spewed from her pussy, followed by another a moment later.

She rose up, holding herself up on one hand as she writhed on top of her. Her pussy spasmed, clenching around Julie's fingers, and another jet of juices sprayed from her, soaking Julie's chest and belly.

Gage was pounding his cock roughly into Julie's clasping cunt channel, and as he shifted, his hand slipped on the oily mattress, and he came crashing down on top of her.

His face drove into Sara's ass, making her fall forward off of Julie, and she lay sprawled in a heap, panting for breath. Her hand moved between her legs, her fingers grasping her clit, and she started tugging on it frantically. She rolled over onto her back, her other hand coming down, her fingers plunging into her pussy, and she flopped around on the bottom of the pool, fingerfucking herself in a frenzy.

Julie wrapped her arms around Gage, her legs squeezing him tightly, slowing his spastic movements. She held him to her, rocking back and forth, basking in the afterglow as he came to a stop on top of her.

"Shit, I missed a good one, didn't I?" Sylvia said from the door. She was rubbing her eyes as she stared down at them.

"Oh shut up." Julie panted, hugging Gage tightly to her. "You got yours earlier. Sara told us she rimmed you before she came in here with us. It's your fault you went to sleep."

"I guess." Sylvia said, coming over to kneel by the side of the pool. She stared wide eyed as Sara writhed in a one woman orgy across the bottom of the pool. She was smiling when she looked back at Julie. "But I was gonna see if she wanted to come in here and play...and maybe do it some more."

"God, you are such a little slut." Julie laughed as she started to push Gage off of her. "That's probably why I love you so much."