My Experience with unmarried woman

By: ba_bu8


Hello Everybody. I am babu. I am from Vizag. I am a great fan of this
site. I have a story to tell you people about my first sex experience.
It was with my relatives sister-in-law. That experience for me has left
me with some serious yearning for sexual encounters on the kinkier side.

Some time back I was staying with some relatives on a holiday, in their
flat in a railway colony. I am 28-year old executive in a private firm
at Visakhapatnam. I got acquainted with a family who also lived close
by. They were a couple with one child. The wife's sister also lived with
them. She was an unmarried working woman in her late thirties, fair, a
little over weight with huge tits and heavy buttocks and short. I am a
big fan of huge & heavy for fucking. She had an fairy looks. Out for a
walk by myself, I went to their house which was a short distance away
from where I was staying. Only the sister in law was at home as the
couple and the child gone for the day to visit other relatives.

There was a movie running on the cable TV and we talked very little, as
I also got engrossed in watching the film. It was an old Hindi movie and
the action progressed to the part where one of the female characters
gets raped. It was a prolonged scene where the girl runs from room to
room, and the villain follows tearing off the girl's sari, blouse and
ultimately rapes her. In that scene the director and villain has
succeeded to provocate audience. I saw that my host was intently
watching the scene with a dreamy expression on her face. When the scene
progressed further I became aware of her hot breath on my shoulders and
neck and the shaft touch of her ample tits on my arm. As I tried to move
away, she reached with about her hand and pulled me on if not the rape
scene so I also put my arms around her and tried to kiss her. But she
moved her face away, pushed me back and said 'No, no, like in the
movie'. As she rose, turned off the TV and ran out of the room.

I understood she wanted to do the same to her as the villain had done to
the girl on the screen. I also got up and went behind her. She was
crouching near the table in the next room. As I grabbed at her sari she
let out a small scream and tried to run away. I held on to the sari and
she purposely unwrapped herself and ran into the next room caressing her
arms in front of her ample, blouse clad breasts. As I went into the next
room, it was the bedroom really. I saw her near the door her back turned
to me. I grabbed her around the waist and kissed and bit her on the
exposed portion of her back. She struggled till she was facing me, she
was breathing very fast and her ample bosom rose and fell tantalizingly.
She moved her head from side to side and backwards but I managed to give
a lingering kiss on her soft lips. But she kept her arms crossed in
front of her sexy large rounded tits. With one hand I lowered her hands
while with the other I caught the fabric of her blouse and pulled. The
buttons came apart, exposing her fair white globes clad in a skimpy
white cotton bra. The sudden exposure caused me aside and escaped back
towards the other room. I caught up with her and pulled the green skimpy
blouse she was wearing off her back. I found her back in the drawing room.

This time I was tremendously excited and had a painful hard on, and had
no intentions to let her go. As I gripped her in my arms she tried to
push at me and asked me to let her go. My mouth found her soft lips
which I found eager to kiss and my tongue invaded her mouth. I pushed
her down on the divan, face up and lowered myself on her soft warm and
smooth thighs tried to encircle my pelvis. With one hand I held both her
wrists above her head while I reached under her back and undid the bra
hook. I feasted on her rounded large and soft tits. I pressed them,
squeezed them and pinched the large maroon already erect nipples. She
moaned with pleasure and as my mouth bit dawn on her tasty marvels she
started to cry out. One of my thighs was within her soft warm thighs and
my manhood was bursting against her womanhood setting a rhythm.

I reached below and pulled her petticoat up to her navel, exposing her
jewel. It was raised and soft with sparse hair. The delicate lips were
soft and inviting. I could not resist myself and pushed in my middle
finger between the lips. They were warm wet and slick. She screamed
oh....ah......ah.......at the sudden entry and started to moan. At I let
got the pressure on her she slowly got up and lowered herself from the
bed. She stood on the floor and bent over the bed, her lovely big
buttocks pointing upwards and her salvia coated tits on the bed. I had
divested myself of my trousers and my rigid bone was ready and strong. I
went behind her, parted her lips and rapidly thrust myself in. Her body
shivered and she moaned at the penetration. We set up a rhythm while her
turgid nipples grazed against the coarse bed cover. I was very excited
and as her moan reached a crescendo, I came deep inside her in a gasp.
Her nether lips grasped at my manhood as she shook and sobbed
spasmodically in an orgasm as she collapsed. Later we cleaned up and I
left her house after giving her a lingering kiss and fondling her
massive breasts & squeeze to her buttocks. After a few day I came back
to my house. Now I keep thinking of making love forcibly specially with
mature overweight women. I tried to neck and pet my girl friend like
that. But that is another story.

Any horny housewives, aunties, single girls reach out for me - mail me
at ba_bu8@sify.com. I can assure you that u will enjoy my company. Any
comments are welcomed. I will surely reply you.


* Tell us how you liked this story* *( 1 is worst - 5 is best)*

* * *

				
*1* 	*2* 	*3* 	*4* 	*5*

*
Story viewed: *4290* times
Find more submissions from this author, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/search.php?id=2620>
Tell a friend about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/send_page.php?id=2620>
Post/Read comments about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/comments.html?id=2620>

