Without A Word

I slept for a while. Then I lay awake, waiting.  Waiting. I heard the key in the door, and a few minutes later my wife was in the bedroom.  In the darkness I heard her short skirt drop. Then her other clothes. My heart raced.

She drew the covers back, and nudged me onto my back. I was naked, my turgid member pointing to the ceiling. In an instant she was on top of me, straddling my mouth. Oh my gosh, this one had been profuse. I licked the sperm from the outside of her brunette pussy. She was breathing hard.

I grasped her slender hips and planted my mouth firmly on her used pussy. The voice in my head repeated like a taunt: "Another guy's cock was there, another guys cock was inside her, he spurted and spurted inside your wife, she willingly fucked him."

She gave choked moans of pleasure as she rocked her hips. I got mouthful after mouthful of sticky sperm. Was it someone she sees steadily? Was it a married guy looking for an outlet? Was it a friend's husband, or a single guy from work? She never tells me.

I swallowed and went back for more. "Uhh!  Ummmnh!  Guhhh!" She's getting closer. The taunting voice in my head was back. "That's another guy's sperm. His cock went wild inside her. And she loved it."

Was there more than one ejaculation? When she stripped, did she lie on her tummy and provocatively arch her back, with a come-hither smile? Or did she get on her back and open her legs, her hips trembling with excitement? It could have been both. And was it one guy, or more than one?

I swallowed again and she crested. "Aaahhh!  Ahhhh!  Ohh!  Mfffff!" Her orgasm went on and on. Finally she collapsed on the bed beside me.

I waited until her panting had subsided, and pulled her toward me. I smelled the gin on her breath as I locked my mouth on hers. As I nudged her on her back, she opened her legs. Front to front, I guided my anxious and waiting cock inside her. The very same place where she had accepted another guy's cock.

What a sweet feeling it was. We fit together so well. I kissed her hard as I went inside her as far as I could go. "Mmmmm," she moaned. I savored the feel of just being inside her for a few moments. I know that once I start pumping, I can't stop.

After more gin-flavored kisses, I began to pump slowly. Oh God, this feels good. Did I leave any of the other guy's sperm in there? She rocked her hips in time with my increasing thrusts.

Uh-oh! I couldn't hold back any more. Just before the first spurt, I cried out in ejaculatory ecstacy. Then I emptied several days worth of tension, excitement, and lust inside her, where just a couple of hours before, another guy's cock had erupted.

I felt her pussy milk my cock of anything that I hadn't spurted. Then she put her hands on my shoulders and pushed downward. I withdrew and licked my profuse ejaculate from her pussy while she worked up to another stress-relieving climax. I swallowed several times, amazed at the amount of cum I produced.

She tenderly ran her fingers through my hair and fell asleep.

Without a word.

-----
This story is copyright 2012, 2013 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com). All rights reserved. No reposting without permission. Please see my other stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
