Dear friends,

I am telling u about a real story of myself fucking my friends hot mom, I am a young boy of age 23 with average body and I have a friend name shantnu. He lives in a nuclear family with his mother and father. His mothers name is saroj

His mother is a sex goddess, she has a round ass and a very deep navel, and her boobs were oozing with flesh. She has a habit of flashing her navel to every body. Even married men were aroused by her sexy gestures; she used to wear sexy sarees. She always wears sarees at least two inches below her navel and her navel was very sexy and deep. I fall in love with her when I was in 9th standard, her thought make me masturbate.

As I have told u she was a sexy whore, my friends father was employed in a govt. Organization, he looks impotent and seems that he was unable to satisfy the needs of her wife.

When I was in college 2nd year my friend's family changed their house form 2 rooms to 4 rooms set. Then all the problems started, as my aunty (saroj) was about 45 years old but her exposing habits were like a hungry lady of 18. My friend's neighbor was a nasty man of around 53 years, he was like a giant. He used to stare at my friends mom, she also used to give her some encouraging looks. One day I found my friends mom and their neighbor talking.

Within few days they become goods friends, one day me and my friend were studying in the study room on the top floor and his mother was alone in the house, I told my friend that I will stay for night, she prepared dinner for us and told us not to study for the whole night and should get some sleep.

My friends father was away in some ceremony, in night I went to toilet, I heard some noises from the bedroom of my aunt, the door was slightly opened, I was shocked to see the inner scene, my friends neighbor was kissing my friends mom saroj, she was also encouraging her. Then suddenly the man started kissing her deep navel, saroj got aroused and asked him to stop, but he did not stop, he then removed her bra, her boobs were white and large, he started massaging her booby, then he has done a strange act, he put his dick between her boobs and started boob fucking, this aroused me and I started masturbating, then he removed her petticoat and started licking her pussy making her cum, finally he removed his underwear and asked saroj to lick his dick, at first she was hesitant to take a 7inches in her mouth but then she agreed, she licked the dick like a dirty whore.

Then he positioned himself between her pussy and pointed his dick towards her hole, she got terrified at first, he pushed like an animal putting all the pressure behind and put the whole cock in her pussy in one shot, she shouted aloud, this makes my friend wake up, he comes down from the stairs and I told him to peep inside, at first he got embarrassed and tried to shout but I told him to let his mother enjoy her sex life. At that time she was fucked by a hungry man, when he was about to cum, she told him to put it out, he put his dick out and cum all over her sweet navel, infact her navel was filled with his cum. He then put on his clothes and went to his house.

We get back to my friends room, and started planning to fuck his mother, I told him to get her directly and fuck her by force, but he told me to fuck her by seducing her, on the second day his mother looked happy, we embraced her beauty for the full day, I keep staring at her boobs and ass and her deep navel, she was more aroused by her son sexy looks at her. In evening she cooked us food, after food three of us started watching a movie, in that movie the heroine was exposing her boobs and navel by sexy dances, me and my friend got aroused by the act, and then the rape scene of the movie did the trick, three people were fucking a bar dancer, I got up from my place and got beside my friends mom, I then touched her boob, she did not hesitated then I put my finger in her navel, she got a shiver, then lifted her hand and put it on my dick, she got shocked and told me that she will complaint to my family then we told about that we have seen her making sex, and asked her to fulfill our desires, after a lot of discussion she agreed, my friend got aroused by her mother and started licking her boobs I put my dick into her mouth she make me cum in her mouth, she even drank all the cum, then my friend put his hand on his mothers navel and started pinching it she started making noise, I noticed that it was my chance and I removed her petticoat, I then started licking her asshold, after some time I put my dick at her anal hole I put some pressure and she suddenly refused to take it in her anal, I asked her to obey my order and she agreed, I put some pressure and the top part of my dick was inside her ass, I started slowly pumping my dick in her ass she was in pain, but after some time she started enjoying it, after some time she realized that I was about to cum, she told me to put my dick out and cum on her belly but I did not listen to her and started cuming in her ass, she was feeling cum in her ass for the first time, meanwhile my friend was fucking her pussy vigorously, he cummed in her pussy, then I put my dick between her tits and fucked her for 10 minutes her son was fucking her from behind, he cummed in her ass too, we fucked for the whole night. Now I have come to Delhi and he is still with his mother and father, enjoying her beautiful mother's ass.

C