Spirited Bed & Breakfast

When Abbie and her husband Mel bought an old Victorian mansion on the outskirts of the city they did so with two goals.  The first was to convert the big, run-down house into a bed-and-breakfast.  Their plan was to rent out rooms to businessmen tired of cookie-cutter motels, providing a more home-like atmosphere.  They were reasonably close to the financial center and since Mel was an executive with a major insurance company he had the kind of  contacts to make this feasible.

Their short-term goal was to have sex in every room in the house.  

They made better progress on the second goal than on the first.  The afternoon they first looked at the house the real estate agent let them wander through the place on their own.  They knew they were going to buy it when, in the basement, they found an old bed neatly covered in tarps.   When they uncovered it Abbie said, Mel.  Do you recognize this?

Looks like the bed at that B & B  we went to before we were married.  The one where we made love for the first time.

Made love hell.  You fucked my brains out.  Wanna do it again?  While their agent took phone calls in the front yard, Abbie climbed onto the bed where her husband pulled her skirt up and her panties down and they pretended they were still dating.  It was about the fastest fuck theyd ever had, but also one of the most exciting, given the chance that theyd be discovered at any moment.

The day they closed on the deal, Abbie and Mel headed over to the empty house.  Undeterred by the lack of furniture, Abbie took her clothes off and bent over the kitchen cabinet.  Mel dropped his trousers and, at his wifes urging, shoved his dick up her ass.

Progress on the renovation went much slower.  The downstairs had been remodeled before they bought it.  This included a modern kitchen with a small breakfast nook.  The former music room had been made into a master bedroom with an attached bath.  The living room, sun room and dining room had also been modernized.  The upstairs was a mess.  Where they had envisioned four rooms with private baths there existed six bedrooms that had not changed since the early 1900s.  There was a single bath with antiquated plumbing.  Walls had to be taken out and rearranged, plumbing updated and expanded, new flooring and ceilings had to be installed, as well as windows that didnt leak when it rained.  Despite Mels hefty earnings, the monstrosity was eating up money faster than he could get it. 

Even though work on the remodeling had slowed nearly to a stop, they continued to fuck their way through the downstairs rooms.  The master bedroom was taken care of their first night in the place; the master bath the following morning.  They initiated the back parlor as Abbie leaned out the window watching their next door neighbor weed her garden while Mel pulled off Abbies shorts and took her from behind.  

Mel went down on her in the breakfast nook in appreciation of Abbie making him his favorite peanut butter and bacon sandwich.  The next day she sucked him off in the garage after he changed the oil in her car.  The living room was taken care of when they got naked and she sat on his lap, riding his cock while they watched Dancing with the Stars.

One morning before leaving for work Mel was talking to his mother on the telephone in the sun room.  As he sat on the window sill listening to her plans for the weekend, Abbie got on her knees in front of him.  She unzipped his trousers and pulled them and his shorts down.  While he tried to act as if nothing was happening she ran her tongue around the crown of his dick, licking up the pre-cum oozing out.  Then holding his cock-head in her lips she opened her blouse and pulled her bra down, releasing her big boobs.  She carefully laid his rod between her girls and pressed them together, bouncing them up and down around the trapped organ.  Uh Mom, Mel managed to say.  I gotta get off here and get to work.  Ill call you later from the office.  He bit his lip as his mother continued talking.  Yeah, he said.  Love you too.  Goodbye.  The he gasped, Oh god baby, youre gonna make me cum."  Abbie hoped hed hung up on his mother.

Looking up at him she said, You like that honey?  You like fucking my tits?  Silly question as his cum was bubbling out of her cleavage at the time.  Abbie released him from her boobs and took him back into her mouth, savoring the salty/sweet fluid shed learned to love.

When he finally finished pumping sperm into her mouth she tucked him back into his shorts and said, Now honey.  Go to work and make lots of money so we can get the rooms upstairs finished.  Ive got plans on how we can use them - before we rent them out.  Little did she know how those plans would be changed.

On his drive to work Mel was having trouble keeping his mind on his driving.  Hed decided he could take a long lunch and make it home for a nooner.  As he was thinking about what he was going to do to his loving wife he had trouble keeping his car going in a straight line.  He was only slightly over the yellow line.  In fact, hed have been okay - if the on-coming driver hadnt been similarly distracted.  She also was only slightly over the line.  They both died instantly in the head-on collision.

Abbies grief was almost totally debilitating.  She had never even considered what life would be like without Mel.  For a month she just was in a fog, barely acknowledging what was going on around her.  Their families had been supportive, but finally they had to get on with their own lives.  One thing she had not considered was that during his career in the insurance business, Mel had accumulated a number of policies, all of which paid off double because hed died in an accident.  She hardly noticed the number, and size, of the checks that she received.  Their attorney made sure the monies were properly invested and set up a regular payment to her for day-to-day needs.  Abbie was not just a widow, she was a rich widow.

Abbie was used to having sex, and lots of it.  After several weeks she began to realize that she still craved the sexual stimulation.  One night she finally gave in to her bodys needs.  As she lay in bed she thought about all the ways Mel used to do her, and the things she had loved doing to him.  As she relived them she let her hands wander over her body.  She pinched and squeezed her tits, sending familiar tingles through her.  It wasnt the same as when Mel had done it, but it felt good after weeks of celibacy.  She felt herself getting wet and excited.  She let her fingers slide down until they were teasing open her pussy lips.  She closed her eyes and sighed as she teased her clit out of hiding.  She rubbed it with her thumb as she worked her fingers around in her cunt.  Finally she was gasping in her first orgasm for over a month.

Baby, that was so hot.  I loved it.

Thank you Mel.  It was nice.  Im glad you liked it.

I really did.  Thats just what I - what we, needed.  Thank you for sharing that.

And thank you . . . Mel!  Mel, is that you?

Of course, Honey.  Who did you expect?

But it cant be.  You . . . youre . . .

Dead?  Yes I am.  But that doesnt mean I cant enjoy watching you get off.  In fact, I wouldnt have made it back here if not for that.  That seemed to have been the trigger.

Abbie finally opened her eyes and looked around.  Sure enough, sitting on the side of the bed was her beloved Mel.  Naked. With a large erection - which he was stroking with his hand.  Abbie reached over and tried to grasp the organ she missed so much.  Unfortunately she grasped only air as her hand went right through the cock.  Im sorry, honey.  You can see me and hear me now, but you will never be able to touch me.  He stuck his hand out as if he was going to grab her tit, but his fingers went through the flesh and she felt nothing.  I cant touch you, either.  But I can do this, he went on, stroking his cock harder and faster.  Abbie watched fascinated as her late husband jacked himself off.  Soon he was making those noises in his throat that told her he was approaching orgasm.  Oh god oh god, he cried out.  Abbie saw the organ twitch.  Then, instead of the white cream she expected, a cloud of tiny bubbles shot from him.  As he throbbed more masses of bubbles out, they floated up and disappeared through the ceiling.

What the hell was that? Abbie asked in her confusion.

I guess that must be ghost cum, he said.  That was my first time and I didnt know what to expect, but I was pretty sure a dead guy couldnt produce sperm.

But bubbles.

Yeah.  This afterlife thing is weird.

Youre telling me, Abbie agreed.  But why, uh, why are you naked?

Why not.  Im a ghost.  My clothes didnt die, just me.  I know its not like you see on TV.  Since I cant touch anything concrete, theres no way I can wear clothes.  Youll notice Im not really sitting on the bed.  Abbie realized that he was actually sitting a few inches above the surface.

And why do you have that? Abbie said, pointing at the penis which was still big and hard despite what had apparently been an orgasm.  It usually takes a while for you to get it back up.

Well, this is they way it was when I passed over - died, that is - so this is the way it will stay, no matter what, apparently.

Seeing the sheepish look on Mels face, Abbie said, I think theres more to that story.  Come clean now.

I was kinda . . . uh . . . thinking of what I was planning on doing with you when the accident happened.

And that caused a hard-on?

Yeah.  Sort of.

Theres more, isnt there.

Uh, yeah.  Did anyone say anything about my clothes after the accident?

There was something about your pants, but I wasnt paying much attention.  Id just lost my husband, you know.  Wait.  I remember.  Your pants were unzipped and pulled part way down.  Oh my god! she exclaimed, suddenly realizing what had so distracted her husband that hed hit another car head on - and why his ghost had a hard-on.  You were jacking-off, werent you?

Yeah, I guess so.  But I was thinking of you, dear.

So, now its my fault?  As much as she missed her husband, Abbie was still pissed off by what hed done.

After he pleaded guilty to killing himself through his own inability to control his carnal desires, she finally calmed back down.  It was hard to stay mad at a dead husband.  Especially a naked one sitting on the edge of your bed.

I wish you could touch me.  I really need to be made love to about now.

Alas, those days are over.  All we can do is watch and encourage each other.

How long?  Are you going to be with me the rest of my life?  Abbie asked, not sure what answer she wanted.  She was glad to have Mel to talk to, but she had imagined that after a period of grief her life would return to a new normalcy.  She even hoped someday to get laid, which would be hard with a dead husband hanging around.

Im not sure.  I know I need to move on, but I have this feeling that theres something that must be accomplished - finished - before that can happen.  I just dont know what it is.  The two of them, the live wife and the deceased husband, sat without speaking for a long while.  Then Mel went on, One thing I know that needs to be finished is this house.  We had lots of plans and you need to complete them.

You mean the renovation and running a B and B?

Yes, that.  Theres no reason you cant afford to have contractors complete everything that needs to be done.  What ever else that may have happened, money is not a problem anymore.

They talked about what needed to be done to prepare the house to be a bed and breakfast.  Mel had a specific general contractor in mind.  Soon the house was full of construction workers.  Abbie became inured to having a dead husband as a consultant.  She was relieved to find that no one else could see or hear him.  She did start to get a reputation for mumbling to herself, however.

As the weeks went on the renovation went quickly.  Theres nothing like lots of money to make contractors hurry things along.  And downstairs, Abbie and Mel regularly masturbated for each other, both wishing that they could touch as well as observe.  Usually Abbie brought herself to a nice orgasm, then shed watch as Mel coaxed bubbles out of his dick.  Sometimes shed position her face above the phantom organ and when he reached his orgasm shed open her lips and let the bubbles drift up into her mouth.  Of course she couldnt taste or feel anything as they drifted right through her.  But despite everything they did, Mel never lost his hard-on.

Finally the work was finished and Sam, the general contractor, was prepared to take Abbie through the rooms upstairs.  Let me show you what weve accomplished.  I think youre going to really like it.  As Abbie started after the young man toward the stairs, Mel caught her eye.  

Wait a minute honey.  Tell Sam youll meet him in Room Number One in a few minutes.  Theres something I want to talk to you about first.

After Sam went upstairs, Mel told his wife, You remember that the renovation was only part one of our plans for the upstairs rooms, dont you?

Sure.  Were gonna rent them out, too.  Weve pretty much got the groundwork done to operate as a B & B.  Thatll be up and running in a few weeks.

That was part three.  Part two was . . . 

You mean having sex in every room?  We can hardly do that now, can we?

We cant.  You can.  I can watch.

You mean you want me to fuck other people in our house - while you stand around waving that thing in the air?  She was slightly taken aback at the suggestion.  But also more than slightly turned on by it.  She needed to be fucked for sure.  And the thought of her husband watching only made it more exciting.

Thats right.  And I think you should start in Room One with Sam.  Hes been eyeing you for weeks.  Im sure hed love to get in your pants.

So you want me to go upstairs and screw this nice young man?  Like in your fantasy?  The one where you watch me fuck another man?

You got it.  Although in the fantasy I got to fuck you too, but this is as close as were gonna get now.

Well hell, lets go seduce us a contractor.

Honey, you are really a special person, Mel said approvingly.

When they arrived at Room One Sam was standing in the hall.  With a flourish he opened the door and escorted Abbie inside.  Mel followed, walking through the door Sam had closed behind them.  What do you think? Sam said.

Oh Sam, its beautiful.  Youve even refinished the bed from the basement.  The old four-poster had a new mattress on it and was made up with an antique looking quilt.

I hoped youd like it.  And check this out, Sam said, showing her the closets and the attached bath.

Its exactly like wed planned, Abbie said.  And I really love the bed, she added, walking over to it and pulling Sam after her.  Then, turning to the young man she stepped closer, their bodies nearly touching.  Youve managed to bring our dreams to life.  But theres one more thing we planned.  Something I want you to help me with.

Anything, Sam said.  What do you need?

You, Abbie said as she put her arms around him and pulled his body against hers.  She looked him in the eye and, with a smile, said, We planned on christening the renovation right here in this bed.  As she said it she slid her leg between his.  

Oh yes.  I can help with that, Sam said, pressing his hard dick against her thigh.  Then she kissed him.  Out of the corner of her eye she could see Mel slowly stroking his spectral erection.  Breaking the kiss, Abbie stepped back and, grasping the hem of her skirt, pulled it off over her head.  She held out her hands, presenting her nakedness to Sam who nodded in approval.  So did Mel.  Abbie turned and pulled the quilt down and off the bed.  By the time she had climbed up on it Sam had his shirt off and was pulling his pants down.  Abbie laid back against the pillows and watched as Sams shorts came down, letting his erection spring out.  A real one at last, she thought.

She spread her legs and said, Come here, baby.  I need it bad.  Sam bent over the bed, his face over her crotch.  Then he leaned forward and covered her pussy with his mouth.  Oh yeah, good, feels so good, Abbie murmured as Sam worked her over with his tongue.  Oh shit yes! she cried out as he forced his tongue into her.  She was vaguely aware of Mel standing by the bed, watching another man eat his wifes pussy.

As good as it felt to have Sam go down on her, Abbie needed more.  She grabbed the sides of his head and pulled his face up.  Get up here.  I want you in me.  She didnt have to ask twice.  Sam crawled up between her legs.  She felt the tip of his cock against her pussy, then with a lunge she shoved it completely into her.  God, god god yes, she mumbled.  Then she kissed him open-mouthed.  It had always turned her on to taste her sex on Mels face, and it did the same as she sucked her own pussy-juice off Sams lips.  It felt so good to her to finally have a cock inside her - one that she could feel - as Sam drove repeatedly into her cunt.  When she finally reached her climax she came with a scream.  Then she screamed again as she felt Sams warm cum spurting into her.  With a man lying on top of her, she couldnt tell where Mel was but she smiled as she saw a stream of bubbles floating through the ceiling.

*****

It actually took a month to get the business up and running.  Abbie was so busy she hardly even thought about sex.  Of course having been thoroughly fucked after months of abstinence helped tide her over.

The first week they were opened three rooms were rented out.  Room One was occupied by an older couple who were house-hunting following the mans relocation to the home office.  In Room Two was Phil, a former co-worker of Mels who was in town for a series of meetings.  Room Three was rented to a woman from the U.K., Lacy, who was an executive in a London firm doing business with Mels old company.  

The first two days Abbie was run ragged.  She was just learning how much work was involved with actually having guests in the place.  And of course having a naked ghost hanging around was no help at all.  By Thursday shed finally gotten into a routine that made life easier.  On Friday the couple checked out, as did Lacy.  But Ill be back in a fortnight, she said.  And I wouldnt think of staying anywhere else.

That left Phil, who wasnt leaving until the following morning.  When Phil finally went up to his room, Abbie sat down in the kitchen and was enjoying a hard earned glass of wine when Mel walked in through the door, the closed door.  Drink up, sweetie.  Weve got Room Two to take care of.  When Abbie gave him a blank look he went on.  Our project, remember?  

What the hell are you talking about?

Room number Two.  Phil.  You need to get up there so we can cross it off our list.

Our list.  Oh yeah, the sex thing.  How cum its our list when I seem to be the one doing the fucking? she asked, although she realized that wasnt much of a sacrifice for her.  Besides, what makes you think hes interested?

Hes up there right now getting ready to jack off.  He does it every night.  Im sure hes thinking about you.

He is married, you know.  He could be thinking about his wife.

Have you seen his wife?  Who would waste a perfectly good fantasy on her?

He had a point.  Abbie had seen Phils wife.  It wasnt that she wasnt attractive.  She would be, if she didnt frown so much.  Tight ass was the best anyone could say about her.  Or bitch.  And it got worse from there.

Well, Im pretty tired.  But . . . I might be interested.

Abbie knocked on the door, then quickly opened it.  Im here to turn down your bed, she said.  Oh, I guess Im too late, she added when she saw Phil in the bed, the sheet pulled up to his chin.  She also saw the sheet tented out in the middle.  Phils hand was under the cover and it looked to Abbie like he was holding his dick up. 

Quickly Phil pulled his knees up, disguising his hard-on.  Sorry, Abbie said.  She closed the door behind her and walked toward the bed.  But maybe there is something I can help you with.  Abbie sat down on the edge of the bed and put her hand on Phils knee, gently pushing it down until his erection was exposed.  Oh yeah, she said, heres something that needs attention.  She grasped the hard organ through the sheet and gave it a soft jerk.  Then she reached up and pulled the sheet down, revealing Phils naked body.  He still had his own hand around his dick.  Ill take care of that, she said, replacing his hand with her own.  

Phil just lay still, as if he didnt know what was happening.  Abbie glanced up to where Mel was standing.  Suck it, babe.  Hell love it.

So will you, she thought.  Aloud she said, I love a man with a good, hard cock.  The she added to herself, A live man with a dick I can touch."  She bent over and ran her tongue around his crown, then licked down the length of him until she was kissing his balls.  Running her mouth back up the length of him she found his cock-head covered with the slick fluid oozing out of him.  She rubbed his pre-cum around on her lips before she looked Phil in the eye and licked the spunk off her lips.  Glancing sideways, she winked at a smiling Mel.  

Thats so hot, Abbie.  Suck it, suck his dick.  Deep throat him, I'm sure he's never had that before," Mel said.  Abbie opened her mouth and dropped it over Phils dick until it was poking against the opening to her throat.  She hesitated, using her tongue to stimulate the organ in her mouth,  then she dropped her head, forcing the cock completely into her throat, her nose pressing against Phils belly.  Phil moaned as she shook her head before she pulled back.

Abbie lifted her head, releasing Phils cock from her mouth.  Looking him in the eye again, she asked, Do you want to cum in my mouth, Phil?  Id like that.  Still in a daze, Phil just nodded.

Do it, honey.  Make him cum, Mel said.  Abbie smiled,  then took the organ back into her mouth.  She began stroking the lower half of the rod while she bobbed her head, stimulating the top half with her lips while she rubbed her tongue around the crown.  She felt Phils ball sac contract and suddenly her mouth was full of his spunk.  He throbbed several times, shooting more of his cum across her tongue.  Baby, you give the best head, Mel said.

Encouraged by her hubby - late hubby - Abbie swallowed everything she could coax out of Phil until finally she was left with a limp wad of man in her mouth.  Only then did she release him.  Thank you Phil.  Thank you for giving me your cum.  Abbie pulled the sheet back up to Phils chin.  Goodnight now, she said as she walked out of the room.  She realized that while Mel had talked all the way through the blow job, Phil had never said a word.  But he did have a big smile on his face.

*****

The next two weeks were busy even though the place was never completely filled.  Abbie had calculated that she could break even with three rooms rented during the week, which was what she was averaging.  Two weeks after her tryst with Phil he was back, but with his wife.  Lacy also returned that week and was in Room Three.  Phils wife Andrea was as awful as Abbie had remembered.  Nothing suited her.  She was constantly complaining.  She didnt like the room, the food, or even the weather - and it was all Abbies fault.  Abbie was glad shed given the bitchs husband a blow job - probably the only one hed ever get.

Phil and Andrea checked out Friday morning, not a moment too soon.  Lacy was supposed to leave that day also but she asked if she could stay over until Saturday, and Abbie gladly agreed.  Friday when Lacy returned from work she asked Abbie to take the evening off and watch a video with her.  You need a break after being nice to that harridan all week.  How can that man stand being married to a bitch like that?  I wonder if he ever gets any nookie?"  Abbie smiled, but kept her mouth shut about the latter comment.  

Lacy had brought a DVD shed picked up in Paris and hadnt watched yet.  After supper she and Lacy settled into the back parlor and Lacy put the movie on.  As usual that morning Lacy had dressed in a blue power suit with a white blouse under her jacket.  When she came back down with the video shed removed the suit and skirt, wearing only her blouse which barely covered her panties - knickers she called them.  When she bent over Abbie saw that Lacy had also taken her bra off.  Abbie could see the big girls swaying under the cloth.  Abbie herself had changed into sweats after removing her own underwear.  She had done it to be comfortable, but it seemed as if Lacy had dressed to be sexy.  She had been successful.

Sharing a glass of wine, they settled onto the sofa to watch the movie, which turned out to be in French, without subtitles.  Lacy tried to translate as much as possible.  While Abbie didnt get much of the dialog, the general theme was obvious.  A Parisian housewife was falling in love with the woman who lived next door.  At one point in the movie the two women were sharing an intimate embrace.  As the scene became more steamy - a lot of clothes seemed to be falling off of the actresses - Lacy rested her head on Abbies shoulder.  For some reason that seemed not only natural but also very pleasant to Abbie.  Glancing down, she saw that Lacy was rubbing herself through her knickers.  Abbie realized she could actually smell the other womans sex - or maybe it was her own.  She had to admit the action on the screen was turning her on too.  She was very aware of her hard nipples pressing out against her sweat shirt, and she hoped Lacy noticed also.  She wondered, if she took the shirt off, Lacy might suck on her tits a little.  Shed be glad to take over rubbing the other womans knickers.

Mel, who was sitting in the air above the TV, was smiling, obviously enjoying watching the women trying to control their desire.  As the film faded to black Lacy looked Abbie in the eye, almost as if she to be kissed.  When that didnt happen Lacy said, I think Ill go up to my room now.

Ill just pick up down here a few minutes, Abbie told her.  As soon as Lacy had left Abbie addressed Mel.  Remember that fantasy you used to tell me about?

You mean the one with you and another woman? he said with a spectral smile.  Of course I do, but it also involved me fucking one or the other of you.

Actually I think it involved you fucking the both of us.  Not going to happen now, is it?  But what is going to happen is Im going to initiate Room Three.  You comin?

I will be.

Abbie knocked lightly  on the door to Room Three, then let herself in.  Lacy was standing with her back to the door, facing the full-length mirror on the far wall.  Her blouse was off and she was pinching her nipples.  Neither woman said a word as Lacy watched Abbie in the mirror.  Abbie smiled and pulled her own shirt off.  The she walked over until her breasts were touching the other womans back.  Reaching around Lacy, she replaced the other womans hands with her own, pinching the swollen nipples.  Lacy leaned back, her head on Abbies shoulder.  Nice.  Feels so nice.  Thanks, Abbie.

And thank you for being so sexy, Abbie said.  Lacy put her hand on top of Abbies left one, then gently pulled the hand down to her crotch.  Abbie could feel the moisture seeping through the silk knickers.  Lacy pressed on Abbies hand forcing the other womans fingers between her pussy lips.  You are so wet, Abbie mumbled.

And you? Lacy asked, reaching behind her and feeling for Abbies crotch.  Mmm, yes you are, she said when her own finger traced Abbies slit through her sweats.

Finally  the women let go of each others pubes long enough for Lacy to turn to face Abbie.  Embracing, the two women kissed open-mouthed, their tongues exploring each other.  Breaking the kiss, Abbie asked, Are we going to make love?

No, Lacy answered, Something better than that.  When Abbie looked at her quizically she went on, What I am going to do is eat your sweet cunnie until you scream for mercy.

Yes, that sound better.  Know what Im going to do after that?  Abbie said, kissing Lacy lightly on the lips.

Tell me.

Im going to fuck you with my tongue until you cum all over my face.

As Abbie lay on her back, her legs spread, she thought that shed never felt anything as good as Lacys mouth on her pussy.  The British woman probed and poked with her tongue and lips, finding all those spots that make any woman quiver.  Abbie had to smile as her husbands ghost posed behind her lover, as if he was fucking the woman from behind.  Of course Lacy couldnt feel the spectral dick boring into her - but Abbie could certainly feel Lacys fingers being forced into her cunt as the woman sucked on her clit.  Soon she lost track of Mel as she began screaming in her own climax.

Later, when she was going down on Lacys pussy, Abbie wondered if her husband was giving her the same faux-fucking hed given the other woman.  She didnt much care.  Abbie had never tasted another womans sex, although shed fantasized about it.  It was better than shed imagined.  Over and over again Lacy cried out in orgasm.  Abbie couldnt get enough of the bitter-sweet juice flowing out of the womans cunt.  When finally both of them were spent, the two women lay cuddling together, the smell of wet pussy permeating the room.  Abbie smiled to herself as her dead husband gave her a big thumbs up.  Room number Three was well taken care of.

*****

On a Monday about a month after Lacy had checked out - not before she and Abbie spent another night feasting on each others body - Abbie was preparing for a full house.  The first new guest to arrive was a man about Mels age named Jed.  As Abbie was about to assign him to Room One Mel caught her attention.  Put him in Four, Mel instructed.  Happy that Jed hadnt noticed the distraction, she gave him the key to Room Four.  She knew her late husband had some kind of plan, and since all of his prior plans had worked out to her pleasure she saw no reason to question this one.

As the week went by she did begin to have doubts about Mels insistence that Jed be in Room Four.  The man was very shy and hardly talked out loud, although he did seem to mumble to himself a lot.  Abbie learned that he was a widower and was staying at the inn while waiting to move into a new apartment.  He had sold the house he and his late wife had lived in.  I just couldnt live with the memories, he told Abbie.  Even though he kept to himself a lot Abbie felt herself growing close to him.  Maybe it was because theyd both suffered the same loss, she kept finding things they had in common.  After a while he started opening up to her and turned out to be a pleasant man with a dry sense of humor.

On Friday evening Jed was the only guest left.  He and Abbie had a pizza together in the kitchen, then Jed went up to his room as he usually did.  As Abbie was cleaning up Mel floated in and sat on, or rather just above, the counter.  I think you should take some more pillows up to Room Four.

What?  Theres only one person in that room, why would he need more pillows?

He just does.  Go get some and take them up to him.

Youre not only dead, youre nuts, Abbie said, exasperated.  Just then the house phone rang.  Answering it, Abbie said, Yeah sure.  Ill bring some up right away.  

As she hung up Mel asked, Who was that?

You know who it was.  The only guest in the place.

And what did he want? Mel asked.

Pillows.  He wants me to bring him some more pillows.  And you shut up!

Her arms loaded with pillows, Abbie knocked on the door of Room Four.  Jed let her in and pointed to the corner.  I guess you can dump those over there, he said as he walked back and sat on the side of the bed.  Abbie glanced at the sofa and saw Mel sitting there with a grin on his face.  Looking back at Jed she saw he was also looking at the sofa.

You didnt need these? she asked as she dropped the pillows.

I dont know, I guess so, he answered.   Im still kinda lost without Mandy, he said, referring to his late wife.

I know what you mean.  I feel the same way without Mel.  How long . . . uh . . . how long have you been alone?

Mandy died in a car accident on March the twenty-fifth.

Huh? Abbie said.  When was that again?

March twenty-fifth.  Out on highway five, he answered.

I dont believe it, Abbie said.  In the morning?

Yeah.  She was on the way home after working overnight.  I was so looking forward to spending the day with her.

Jed, Abbie said carefully.  Mel died then too.  I think they were in the same accident.  After it set in, that Jeds wife and Abbies husband had died in the same head-on collision, Abbie asked tentatively, Do you see her?  Mandy I mean.

Uh . . . yeah.  Shes sitting over there, Jed said, nodding at the sofa.  

Looking over at where Mel was sitting, Abbie said, Oh my god!  Mel was still there, but he had his arm around an attractive, and slightly opaque, naked woman.  Is that Mandy?

Yes, Jed answered.  Is that Mel?

And who the hell did you think we were? Mels ghost asked.

Sure, its us.  Mandy and Mel, the female ghost added.

I see shes naked too, Abbie commented.

Not only naked, shes horny as hell.  But then, I suppose thats why your husband, your late husband, has a boner.

Yep.  But theres a reason.  Tell him, Mel.  Tell him why you cant get rid of that erection.  And also why you and Mandy ran into each other.

Oh, I dont think it was it was Mels fault.  Mandy, you go first.

The truth is, Mandy started, then looked at Mel.  The truth is, it was both of us.  Abbie, I was so looking forward to what I intended to do with Jed that I just couldnt wait.  And you, Mel?

Me too.  I was planning on a good time with my wife, and I couldnt wait either.

So, Mandy went on, We were both distracted.  Doing the same thing.

Turning to Jed, Abbie asked, What is she talking about?

Mandy was masturbating while she drove.  Thats why her car drifted over the line.  And Mel?

Him too.  He had his pants down and that boner in his hand.  The two of them said without speaking a few moments, then Abbie asked, Has she been urging you to have sex while she watches?

Uh huh.  She likes to watch and try to masturbate.  How bout Mel?

Yeah, him too.  And does she bubble?

Like crazy when she tries to get herself off.

So does Mel.  They just shoot out of him.

Then Mel broke in, If you two are through discussing our shortcomings, theres something we need to tell you.

Yes, Mandy went on.  Were stuck here until we finish what we were doing when we died.  And we neither one can do that with you.  We cant touch you and cant feel you.

But since we are made of the same thing, whatever that is, we can touch each other.  And feel it too, Mel said.  Then he bent down and sucked Mandys nipple between his lips.

Oooh, nice, she said.  Its so nice, after all this time.  So nice to be able to be touched and to touch someone - just like this.  Pushing Mels face away from her tits, she leaned over with her mouth open, engulfing Mels erection.  She bobbed her head a few times, eliciting pleased sounds from the male ghost.  Then she sat back up.  But what we need is completion.  Like this.

Mandy floated up, lying as if she was on a bed.  Mel floated between her open legs.  Oh yeah, she moaned as Mels erection penetrated her.  Bubbles oozed out around his cock.

God damn! Abbie mumbled.  She could see her husband, her late husband, driving his spectral dick into the female ghost.  But she could also see through Mandys flesh.  She could see the dick impaling her, throbbing inside her.

Oh fuck yes, Mel said.  Mandy, your pussy feels so good.

So does your cock.  Fuck me, Mel.  Fuck me hard.  As Abbie and Jed watched, Mel repeatedly thrust deep into Mandys cunt, visible the entire time.  Then suddenly they both cried out.  Abbie could see the bubbles shooting out of Mel and into Mandy.  She could also see the bubbles pouring our of Mandys pussy until the floating couple were almost completely hidden from view.  Looking over, Mandy called out, Jed, Im leaving you now.  I love you and want you to be happy.  Please find someone to be with.

You too, Abbie.  I love you and want the best for your life.  Goodbye now, Mel said as the bubbles completely obscured him and Mandy.  Abbie and Jed sat silently as they watched the cloud of bubbles dissipate revealing nothing but empty air where the coupling ghosts had been before.

Theyre gone, Abbie finally  said.

I think thats what they wanted all along, Jed agreed.

Do you think they wanted us to make love? Abbie asked.

I feel like we already have, Jed answered.

So do I, Abbie agreed.

We ought to do something, Jed said.

We could go downstairs and Ill fix you a nice peanut butter and bacon sandwich.

Id really appreciate that, Jed said.

I hope so, Abbie answered.  Maybe tomorrow you can change the oil in my car.

It would be my pleasure.

Yes, it will.

How bout later tonight.

We can watch Dancing with the Stars in the living room.  I know well both like that.

*****

(A big Thank you to another Erotic Stories author, moodcouple, for a lot of help in bringing this story to lifepun intended!)
