SPALDING MANOR

By

Victoria Matthews

Chapter 5

Settling In:

As the term ended and the summer holidays began Matt and Victoria
had taken up the offer to stay in Sir Johns cottage at Spalding
Manor while he was visiting his Brother abroad. They had managed
to let their own home fully furnished and therefore was able to
move into the cottage at Spalding Manor without too many
problems.

Victoria and Matt woke early to the sound of the small army of
builders arriving at Spalding Manor, the same as they had done
for the previous six weeks but hopefully this would be the last
day as the building project was nearly at a close.

The builders had managed to match the bricks perfectly so the new
building from the outside at least blended in with the existing
school and looked as if it had always been there. As soon as the
exterior had been erected the inside structure had been worked on
twenty four hours a day to enable the completion in such a short
amount of time.

This just left two weeks for all the finishing touches and for
the specialist equipment to be installed. Matt had overhauled and
improved the security and camera system while Victoria had
reduced the applicant list down to a possible fifteen new
students all between the ages of eight and twelve. After
consulting with Charlotte the list had been reduced to twelve
applicants. There had been far more interest in the twelve new
places available for younger students than anticipated and
therefore the Governors were able to be much more selective when
allocating the spaces available. It was deemed that all new
students would be required to be green badge holders and thus
reduce the amount of administration work.

Miss Jasmine had taken the remaining five students that were
unable to return home for the summer to a beautiful house on the
beach in the south of France courtesy of one of the generally
more reclusive Governors. Miss Jasmine had a wonderful time at
the Gerard residence along with Mr & Mrs Gerard who had a rare
opportunity to enjoy some of the spoils of their investment, the
five students however had not enjoyed the summer break at all and
was desperate to get back to Spalding Manor!

Charlotte had been so impressed with the work carried out by Matt
that she offered him full time employment, which was gratefully
accepted. Matt however was probably looking forward to the
reopening of the school more than anyone. Charlotte had needed to
be present at Spalding Manor for key decisions and meetings with
regard to the building project and therefore had stayed at the
cottage at least once a week. With two cruel Mistresses to
satisfy and no students at the school Matt was the only target
for Charlotte and Victoria and had endured some harsh lessons at
the hands of the frustrated women. The specialist equipment had
been manufactured abroad and had been delivered, awaiting Matt to
install in the originally named infirmary but was in fact named
correctional suite on the original private drawings.

The next couple of weeks passed quickly and Matt was exhausted
with his effort to install all the equipment on time, he had even
managed to get Victoria to help but she constantly got distracted
as she randomly opened boxes and excitedly examined the contents.
This did cause some friction until Matt sent her away as he
concluded the work would be completed quicker if he continued
alone!

It was late Friday afternoon when the last of the builders left
for the last time, Matt and Victoria were looking forward to a
well deserved lay in Saturday morning before the grand opening
Saturday afternoon. Charlotte along with several other Governors
would be attending. Matt didnt wake until 9:30 in the morning,
Victoria was still asleep and was unaware of Matts growing
erection. Both Victoria and Matt had been too exhausted in the
last two weeks to even think about any playtime. Matt had
endured Victorias sadistic pleasures over the summer and was
about to take some retribution as he spat in his hand, wiped some
spit to the end of his cock before carefully rolling Victoria on
her front without waking her. He lined his cock up to her arse
before dropping his full weight upon her and thrust his cock up
her rectum with one brutal thrust. Victoria screamed and tried to
move away from the invading object that was deeply embedded in
her rectum, Matt viciously grabbed her hair and pushed her face
into the pillow.

Shut up bitchtake your medicine like a good girl Matt
whispered in her ear through gritted teeth.

Ouch ouch.it really fucking stings, take it out Victoria
screamed back, her voice muffled by the pillow.

Matt had no intention of stopping and selfishly pumped and fucked
her as hard as he could. It took less than two minutes for Matt
to reach his climax as he spent spectacularly deep inside
Victorias rectum. Victoria had quickly become accustomed to the
pain and was already pushing her bottom back to meet his thrusts.
As Matt withdrew he forcefully turned Victoria over, spread her
legs and began to spank her rapidly wetting cunt hard and fast.

This is the only way you get to cum so I suggest you do it soon
Matt said to Victoria.

Victoria had forgotten how good it felt to be dominated by Matt
and was soon raising her hips to meet his blows. Harder and
harder Matt spanked, the noise changed from a familiar sound of
hand on skin to hand on wet skin as Victorias juices began to
flow and her cum arrived moments later as Matt stopped spanking
her and thrust three fingers deep into her juicy cunt.
Victoria gingerly got dressed, the discomfort from her recent use
still very much evident as Matt showered and changed into his
best suit. There was a knock at the door, Charlotte excitedly
stood waiting for an answer and quickly walked in as Matt opened
the door.

People have started to arrive so I have asked them to wait in
the lounge over at the Manor. Matt as you have installed all the
equipment and finishing touches I think it would be appropriate
for you to conduct the tour for the Governors..if that is okay
with you? Charlotte enquired.

Erm.I dont know what to say, Im just the handyman really
Matt nervously spoke back.

Dont be so modest and besides no one knows how it all works so
you really would be the best person Charlotte pleaded.

Okay, once we are inside, give me the nod and I will do my best
not to look like an idiot! Matt said and grinned back.

With that Charlotte scuttled off towards the Manor.

Victoria emerged looking stunning Wow what an honour, well done
Matt Victoria said proudly as they both left the cottage to join
Charlotte and the other Governors.

Charlotte took charge until they reached the front entrance to
the new building and suddenly realised she had no idea how to
gain entrance and turned and nodded to Matt who was momentarily
unprepared to take over. Matt quickly stepped forward from the
back of the crowd and produced a keycard similar to that one
might find to gain access to a hotel room. Matt swiped his card
and held the door open for everyone to enter. Charlotte mouthed a
Thank you as she walked into the reception area.

The first part of the building was extremely bright as the
sunshine streamed through the high glass roof, Matt tapped a
remote and the blinds began to close and everyone was able to
stop squinting. As their eyes adjusted they were greeted with a
pristine open plan area, there was a lounge area to the right and
a waiting room to the left with tea and coffee machines. Everyone
took advantage of the coffee machine before moving towards a
large oak door behind the reception desk. Once again Matt opened
the door and waited for everyone to walk through. They were
greeted with a large conventional looking classroom, there were
twelve work stations but there was in fact room for at least
double that amount. The room was light and bright as it occupied
the space under the other half of the glass roof. Everyone
chatted amongst themselves as they finished their coffee before
the rest of the tour.

Matt pressed a button near the double doors and they immediately
swung open to reveal a small square area containing three doors.
The door on the left was bathrooms and toilets, the door in
front was dormitories and the door on the right which everyone
was starring at was the correctional suite. Matt was sure he
could hear a few groans as he held the door open for the
bathroom and toilets. Everyone filed through one by one as if
they were viewing a house to buy. The bathrooms were simple but
elegant, walk in showers, lockers and a couple of large baths,
enough room for six people in each. There was a row of six
toilets, all had wide doors similar to that of a disabled toilet.
The Governors all passed rather unimpressed until Mr Evans asked
the question Why are there two cisterns per toilet? Matt
blushed at the prospect of having to explain but luckily
Charlotte stepped in.

The first lower cistern is the conventional flush, the second
higher unit is a temperature controlled water pump, which is used
to administer enema solutions Charlotte explained.

Charlotte then reached up to a drop down panel to reveal a
stainless steel nozzle that could be pulled down on a retractable
wheel. Next to the wheel was a temperature control along with a
dial with a one to four litre delivery. Lastly there was a
solution selection option.

The solution selection facility allows the user to automatically
mix solutions to the water when being administered. There is a
sanitizer solution for dirty girls along with a mild irritant up
to a punishment solution. The solutions would only need to be
topped up once a week even if used frequently Charlotte
explained as she had a hot flush followed by a little tingle in
her cunt.

There was an approving chatter amongst the Governors before
everyone moved back into the hallway. There was a definite groan
this time when Matt opened the door to the dormitories as
everyones passions had been ignited after observing the
ingenious toilets and was hoping to see what they had all been
waiting for.

Everyone was completely surprised by the dormitories, they were
expecting an old fashioned wooden floor with lines of single beds
and a cold harsh feel to them. There was a row of twenty four
beds but all contained at different angles within a half moon
shaped pod, it was still open plan but along with the plush
carpet and the elegant little sink and toilet it seemed like mini
hotel rooms. At the foot of each bed was a small cabinet that
contained a TV which rose up from the main control room.

Was that really necessary? Miss Grant asked in a rather annoyed
tone who believed in old fashioned schooling.

I think you will approve once Matt has shown you his little
surprise Charlotte snapped back but with a wry smile.

What are these tracks on the floor for Mr Evans asked, once
again being the most observant of the bunch.

Matt stepped forward and pulled a handle which allowed a floor to
ceiling privacy certain to be draw all the way round the bed.

For those moments that require a little privacy Charlotte said
with a little knowing smile.

There were nods of agreement and a little feet shuffling as the
imaginations were fired in the brains of the guests. They all
started to move off in the direction of the door with a growing
anticipation of viewing the last and the most interesting of
rooms.

The heavy soundproofed door swung open to reveal a large white
room that would easily be mistaken for an infirmary, as the
guests stepped in there seemed to be a little disappointment in
the faces of some of the Governors. In the middle of the room and
completely dominating the space was what at first glance looked
like a large flat massage table.it even had the whole cut out at
the head end.

I need a volunteer Matt asked as everyone laughed.

Charlotte looked at Mrs Grant Perhaps you wouldnt mind? she
said as she gave Mrs Grant one of her dominating stares.

At 34 Mrs Grant was the youngest of the Governors, her banker
Husband had passed away a few years ago and she had inherited his
fortune. She was of average height with short brown hair, not
ugly but not particularly attractive either, unassuming and quite
ordinary until she met Charlotte at a charity event where
Charlotte took her under her wing so to speak and gradually
introduced her to the submissive lifestyle where Charlotte
cruelly dominated her before turning her towards dominating
others and then eventually into punishing young girls and boys.
Reluctant at first but soon began to enjoy it with a passion.
Many young boys and girls had suffered incredibly harsh
punishments at her hands but Charlotte continued to dominate her
whenever she felt like it and therefore she felt compelled to
step forward as a volunteer.

Cathy Grant hesitantly climbed onto the table feeling very
embarrassed that she omitted to wear any underwear that morning
and tried to keep her legs together. Matt moved her arms and legs
into position where the outline on the table indicated and
pressed the on button. Several fans started and the overhead
sensor unit started to move backwards and forwards.

The table is now calculating her size, weight and dimensions via
the overhead sensors, in the same way a document would be scanned
when placed in a scanning machine Matt informed the bemused
looking guests.

Matt was holding a remote control unit which had four options,
no restraints, top restraints, lower restraints or full
restraints. For demonstration purposes Matt pressed the full
restraints option. Motors immediately started working and
simultaneously straps emerged from underneath the table, very
much like car seat belts, passed over the occupant and clicked
into place. The straps were lose initially but then began to
retract, there was a head restraint, arms, wrists, knees and
ankles. There were multiple options for tightness of the
restraints so Matt simply pressed the middle option! Although he
had installed the machine he was by no means an expert.

Too tight.too tight Mrs Grant screamed in panic.

Matt fumbled with the controls until the straps loosened their
grip slightly, it would seem even on the middle setting the
straps would be very tight indeed. Next Matt pressed the
position options and randomly chose a setting. The tables
motors again sprang to life and Mrs Grant found herself sitting
up, similar to that of a person in a dentists chair.

The beauty of the position setting is that the straps
automatically adjust when the unit moves position. Its
completely versatile and can be put in any position. If the
occupant was on their front for example it could be put into an
inverted V giving perfect access to certain areas Matt
confidently informed the Governors hoping this was true as he had
not had time fully test the unit!

To Mrs Grants utter dismay Matt pressed another button that
gradually opened her legs, to expose her cunt. The Governors
expressed their approval before giggling to themselves as they
noticed Mrs Grants cunt showed signs of wetness which added yet
more humiliation to her until panic once again took over as her
legs were spread wider and wider until she felt she would be torn
in two. Matt stopped the machine but added that it was capable of
reaching over ninety degrees of movement on each side.

Charlotte had opened an adjacent cabinet to reveal several
machines with dials and knobs that could administer all manner of
electrical stimulation. There were literally hundreds of
combinations of pads, electrodes, internal and external devices.
Charlotte placed a pad on each side of Mrs Grants legs and
produces a large metal phallus with connecting wires. She knelt
down between Mrs Grants legs and harshly pushed it inside. Due
to her wetness it began to immediately slide out until Charlotte
turned on one of the machines. Mrs Grants muscles contracted and
literally sucked the phallus back deep within.

Oh..oh..Oh my was all Mrs Grant could say between panting and
heavy breathing.

Try to pull it out Charlotte instructed to her guests.

They stepped forward one by one, each pulling a little harder but
no one could dislodge the metal phallus from Mrs Grants cunt.

Matt turned the machine off and received a disappointed glare
from Charlotte just as the metal Sphallus hit the floor as it
slipped out of Mrs Grant.

That was DC voltage, the other machine is AC which can deliver a
delightful massage or excruciating pain and everything in
between Matt informed the attentive audience.

Everyone was deep in thought with their own particular fantasy
and how wonderful it will be to educate the new students.
Charlotte broke the silence first There is one more little
surprise that we are about to show you so please follow me.

Everyone followed Charlotte, although many of them were reluctant
to leave the correctional suite as there was so much more they
wanted to see. There was a small door next to the main door that
no one noticed but duly followed. It was a tight squeeze for
everyone but once inside observed a fairly ordinary looking desk
with several TV monitors. Everyone seemed a little disappointed,
Mr Evans and his wife even seemed a little annoyed to have moved
from the exciting table to a boring desk.

Matt if you dont mind? Charlotte said and gestured to Matt to
take over.

Firstly Matt pressed a button on the wall and the dark wall in
front changed to clear glass revealing the correctional suite.
This was the viewing area, the wall could be changed from one way
view, both way view or as when they entered off. Matt then turned
on the monitors, as they flicked into life each view was
different. There was a close up of the table, one view showed an
empty bed in the dormitories, another showed one of the toilets.

Every bed has a night vision camera with thermal imaging so that
any hot spots can be clearly seen, there are views from the
toilets and this camera has a Pan and tilt function showing the
main table next door Matt paused for a moment before continuing.

I was asked by Charlotte to install the cameras that you can see
but I took it upon myself to add a few extras. Each of these
views can be viewed remotely, which means you can see any of
these views from the comfort of your own home Matt informed the
guests and waited for a reaction.

There were several gasps and a couple of the Governors moved
behind their wives to hide a growing erection. Everyone was
ecstatic and mumbled enthusiastically between themselves until
Matt interrupted.

It will take a little more time but I believe I can carry out a
modification so that the table could also be controlled remotely
Matt proudly informed his captive audience.

There was rapturous praise and even a little applause as everyone
thought of the possibilities.

Everyone took one last look around before heading back to the
Manor for afternoon tea, Matt and Victoria were invited but
gracefully declined. Just as they were heading back to the
cottage Charlotte caught up I would not want to impose but if
you dont have plans this evening I was wondering if you would be
conducive to a couple of guests for a few drinks later this
evening Charlotte asked politely, while glancing over her
shoulder at Mrs Grant who was standing with her head bowed.
Charlotte turned back and winked at Victoria.

Im out for the evening and wont be back until tomorrow as Im
catching up with some friends so it would be good for you women
to get together Matt blurted out.

Just us girls together then, see you at 6:30ish Charlotte
shouted back as she ran off in the direction of the manor.

Matt handed Victoria the keycard knowing full well what Charlotte
had in mind and was extremely grateful that he had already made
plans and that Victoria and Charlotte had someone else to play
with.

Matt arrived back at the cottage on Sunday lunchtime just in time
to see Charlotte and Victoria helping Mrs Grant into the car with
some difficulty. Charlotte kissed Victoria her farewell and
slowly drove down the long driveway.

Matt gave Victoria and inquisitive look looking for an
explanation as to why Mrs Grant was struggling to get into the
car. It was incredible, we tortured her for hours and we still
didnt get to try out all the equipment in the correctional
suite. There are also many items that give amazing pleasures,
especially the clitoris suction machine Victoria took a long
breath in before adding I dont think I will be able to cum for
ages Victoria giggled before going back into the cottage.

Students started to arrive early Monday morning for the start of
the new term and were all greeted personally by the headmaster
before heading off to their rooms. Any of the new younger
students were directed to the new building and were told to wait
in the reception lounge. The parents were instructed to leave
immediately so there were no long goodbyes, even so a few girls
were sobbing at the departure of their parents and were being
consoled, surprisingly by Miss Blake. At the staff meeting Miss
Blake had literally insisted that she would be the first to greet
the girls and take the first few days lessons. The normally surly
Miss Blake seemed warm and friendly towards the new girls, no
doubt lulling them into a false sense of security.

The uniforms for the new students was exactly the same as the
older students, a formal white blouse, dark navy jacket, short
navy tartan skirt with matching tie, white socks and flat black
shoes. No makeup or strong fragrances, long hair was allowed but
had to be tied back in school hours.

All the teaching staff was anxious to meet the twelve new
students but that would have to wait until lunchtime as they were
all extremely busy with their own duties. Victoria had all the
summer reports to review from all the parents. The parents were
required to give a detailed account of behaviour and any specific
incidents over the summer break that may need attention or
additional punishments.

After the initial introductions Miss Blake ushered her new
students into the classroom to begin their initiation lesson.
There was quite a mix of girls, the youngest was nine and the
oldest eleven but soon to be twelve and moving up to the other
part of Spalding Manor. Although the new facility was ultra
modern the stools and desks were taken out of storage, they had
been sitting unused since just after the war. The stools were
hard and unforgiving for anyone sitting for any period of time
and would certainly be very uncomfortable for anyone with a sore
bottom. The desks were scratched and marked but the tops still
opened to reveal old marks of ink and pencil, the lid closure
showed evidence of years of cruel teachers placing little fingers
in the lid and slamming it shut.

Miss Blake hummed to herself as she handed out the Rules sheet.

Firstly we will be carefully going over the rules, as any
misunderstanding may have serious consequences for anyone not
taking them seriously. Once we have done that I will be expecting
you all to write a little about yourself, what you like, hobbies,
favourite pets, fears and anything you would like us to know, it
should be a fun day unless you dont do as you are told Miss
Blake said to her class with a broad smile, not unlike any normal
teacher may do.

Im going to leave you for half an hour while I find out about
lunchtime so please try to memorise as many rules as you can.
When Miss Blake returned she was a little disappointed to see all
the girls quietly studying the rules sheet. Well done everyone.
I would like you to turn youre attention to rule number
three..no masturbating Miss Blake said confidently.

There were a few uneasy shuffles and one little snigger from a
girl at the back of the class.

Something funny Miss Blake said with a more serious tone in her
voice.

No Miss came the quiet shy reply from Wendy, a rather thin nine
year old with olive skin and nearly black hair.

Come here Miss Blake shouted, making all the girls jump. Wendy
hesitantly stood and walked slowly to the front of the class.

Do you know what masturbating is? Miss Blake asked the nervous
girl.

Yes I think so Wendy replied.

Well what is it, Miss Blake sharply spat back.

When you.touch yourself.you know..down there Wendy replied
nervously as she turned bright red.

And why is that funny? Miss Blake asked.

ErmI dont know Wendy said as her eyes welled up.

Miss Blake turned the girl round and told her to put her hands on
the desk. Miss Blake gently pushed Wendy forward, raised her
skirt and lowered her knickers to add yet more humiliation to the
little girl.

Miss Blake then proceeded to pick up her favourite yard stick and
laid it gently on Wendys bottom before lifting the stick high
over her head and bringing it back down with a vicious stroke.
Poor Wendy was unable to scream initially as the stroke had
completely taken her by surprise, Wendy took a deep breath in
before she was able to make an ear shattering scream and simply
fell to the floor in a heap. Miss Blake stood and watched all the
terrified faces staring at Wendy rolling around on the floor
screaming and shouting. The sound of Wendy and the looks on all
the girls faces connected directly to her cunt that started to
throb and pulse.

Miss Blake sat at her desk, wedged the yard stick at the back of
the desk and pulled herself onto it, impaling herself with a full
twelve inches of the harsh wooden stick, it took all her
concentration not to cry out but instead wiggled backwards and
forwards until she climaxed silently as she observed the
terrified faces still transfixed on Wendy quietly sobbing rubbing
her sore bottom. The single stroke had raised an inch wide welt
that had already started to bruise.

Miss Blake had been told that any additional punishments other
than normal classroom punishment would be carried out in the
correctional suite, however Miss Blake was an old fashioned woman
that didnt believe or like modern technology, she still
struggled with every day items such as computers and TVs let
alone something as complicated as the correctional suite and
wanted nothing to do with it and therefore simply made a note of
what students may require additional lessons in discipline.

After their first day the new girls were sent to bed, the room
was silent apart from the occasional outbreak of sobbing as some
of the girls realised how their life may be at Spalding Manor.

The next morning Matt was asked to review the previous nights
CCTV for any unusual activity and report his findings to the
Headmaster. To the naked eye the dormitory was in complete
darkness but to the night vision cameras and heat sensors it
could have been a bright sunny day and any event was captured in
every detail. The heat sensors had picked up additional heat on
the faces of several girls which indicated that they had been
crying. Poor Wendy, still traumatised by the days events had wet
the bed, the heat cameras had picked up on this, a fact supported
by the maids changing the sheets in the morning. There was one
last event that Matt reviewed carefully. The heat cameras had
recorded a five minute surge in temperature when it appeared that
a student had been masturbating. The CCTV camera clearly showed
slight movement under the bedclothes within the same time period,
this was conclusive evidence that showed Erika had been
masturbating.

Erika was of a Scandinavian heritage and although her family had
been in the England for several generations Erika had inherited
the natural blonde hair and extremely good looks. She was eleven
years of age but due to the fact that she had older Sisters made
her act and behave much older. It was her older Sisters that had
introduced her to drinking, smoking and other activities such as
masturbating. It was all these activities along with her petulant
attitude, rudeness and general misbehaviour that had led her to
be sent to Spalding Manor in the first place. Erika was used to
being punished by her parents in an attempt to quell the
misbehaviour. She had come accustomed to a sore bottom and
therefore wasnt really concerned or worried about being sent to
Spalding Manor.

Matt duly reported his finding to the Headmaster. James raised
his eyebrows when he was showed the evidence of bed wetting and
masturbating on his computer screen.

This is an excellent tool Matt, it will prove most useful and
have a profound affect in the education of our new students
James said extremely pleased as he once again observed the
evidence of masturbating.

Unfortunately you seem to be the only one proficient in using
the equipment in the correctional suite at present so I would be
grateful if you would give some training to some members of staff
so that we could then filter down the skills required to everyone
else. Miss Bloor teaches IT and would be an excellent choice to
start with so perhaps you could give her a lesson while teaching
Wendy the errors of wetting the bed James added in a serious
tone and finished with a very slight wry smile.

Matt took a huge gulp and shifted from foot to foot. He had been
extremely nervous at the demonstration to the Governors but that
would pale into insignificance at the thought of punishing a
student, especially in the presence of Miss Bloor. Matt was
completely taken with Miss Bloors beauty and could hardly say a
word to her. Matt began to panic slightly until James could see
the panicked look on Matts face and interrupted the silence.

You would only need to help Miss Bloor with the equipment, you
wouldnt need to get involved if you didnt want to, all you need
to do is show her how to turn things on and off, she would be
conducting the punishment James quickly said to Matt.

Matt breathed a little easier but still very nervous of the
prospect before confirming that he would help Miss Bloor.

Excellent, I will speak to her and schedule it for one evening
this week James said delighted before asking if he could observe
the punishment via his computer.

Yes you can see the cameras from youre PC but as yet I have
only set up Mr & Mrs Evans to be able to view the cameras off
site, I just have not had time yet to connect in the other
Governors Matt replied.

Thats fine Matt, I will inform Mr Evans of the event.

Matt left wishing he had kept his mouth shut about the remote
viewing of the cameras in the correctional suite, this added more
pressure and further added to his growing nervousness.

The following evening and after a brief meeting with Miss Bloor
to discuss her rough idea of how she would like the events to
unfold Matt made his way to the correctional suite to await the
arrival of Wendy and Miss Bloor.

The door opened and an already sobbing Wendy was pushed into the
room closely followed by Miss Bloor.

Now Wendyyou will be punished for wetting the bed and then Im
going to show you how to control your bladder so you dont make
the same mistake again, now lay on the table facing down Miss
Bloor instructed before making her way over to Matt and giving
him instructions of how she would like Wendy restrained.

The table jumped into life, measured the occupant and fully
restrained Wendy before bending in the middle to raise Wendys
bottom to present a perfect target.

While this was happening Mr & Mrs Evans had removed their clothes
and were sitting watching the computer monitor. They had called
in their youngest daughter, to their disappointment was now a
fully grown woman but was still expected to service her parents
on demand and was told to sit at their feet until given
instructions.

Miss Bloor selected an old, well used junior cane and tested it
by swishing it in the air to add drama to the already terrified
Wendy.

You will not be required to count the strokes, merely to endure
them Miss Bloor said to Wendy with a sadistic smile.

Without warning there was a loud CRACK as the first stroke bit
home, Matt jumped at the intensity of the sound and could not
believe how hard and vicious the stroke had been. Wendy literally
exploded into hysterical screaming but was completely immobile.
The motors for the straps continually adjusted as Wendy fought to
escape. Miss Bloor landed the second stroke a few moments later,
just as hard as the first, all the while berating Wendy for
wetting the bed. Wendys hysterical screaming only changed pitch
slightly as each stinging cut of the cane bit down hard onto her
already red sore bottom.

After a dozen hard fast strokes Miss Bloor stopped to catch her
breath and shake her arm. Wendys bottom had blistered and the
skin was broken in several places so that blood was oozing Srom
the worst of the strokes.

Mr Evans wasnt watching his daughter as she deep throated his
cock, nor did he notice his panting wife with her legs lewdly
opened and his Daughters fist deep within his wife, he was
transfixed on Wendys bottom, rarely had he seen such a harsh
caning especially on one so young as Wendy. Mrs Evans rocked hard
on the hand within her and came quickly to a wonderful orgasm.
She could see her husband was also close so she pulled her
Daughters hair to stop her making her Father cum. She wanted him
to finish up his Daughters rectum like he had done hundreds of
times in the past.

Matt was like a rabbit in a cars headlights, unable to move or
look away, transfixed on the scene in front of him. Miss Bloor
had asked him to lower the table to the flat position several
times before it registered, he then fumbled with the controls and
again the motors jumped into action, this time however they could
not be heard over the hysterical Wendy.

After what seemed an eternity Wendys hysterics gradually calmed
to a constant sob as Miss Bloor still continued to berate and
humiliate her about wetting the bed. As she was doing so Miss
Bloor was scratching urgently at her throbbing wet cunt and
erupted into a little climax.

Matt can you release the straps and Wendy turn over onto your
back Miss Bloor instructed them both.

Now secure just the arms and legs Matt, then bring the top of
the table up slightly so Wendy can watch and open her legs as
wide as you dare please Miss Bloor asked Matt politely. Matt
carried out his instructions until Miss Bloor took the controller
and asked which button controlled the opening of the legs.

These are young supple girls, they can open much further Miss
Bloor informed Matt as she held her finger on the button until
Wendy started to panic as her legs were spread further than they
had ever done. Miss Bloor sat on a stool between Wendys legs,
lubricated her hands with oil and began to gently massage Wendys
hairless pussy.

Do you touch yourself?..do you know how to masturbate?..does
this feel nice? Miss Bloor gently spoke to Wendy as she expertly
massaged the young pussy.

Nono I have never touched myself Wendy urgently replied
starting to pant as Miss Bloors attentions was beginning to have
the desired effect.

Miss Bloors own sex was leaking profusely knowing she was the
first person to ever touch this innocent young body. Her fingers
were dancing across the virgin clitoris which emitted a little
gasp from Wendy and then a little panicked squeal as she gently
worked a finger into her cunt until it stopped at her hymen.

This is going to hurt a bit Miss Bloor warned Wendy as her
sharp nail broke through the thin barrier.

Ouch..ouch Wendy gasped until the pain subsided and gradually
started to feel quite nice as the finger probed a little deeper.
Miss Bloor withdrew her blood coated finger and suddenly climaxed
as she sucked her finger clean. Wendy was panting loudly now and
shaking her head from side to side.

Do you want some more? Miss Bloor sarcastically asked. After a
very long pause Wendy said quietly Yes please Miss

This is what good girls get Miss Bloor replied as she again
began to massage the little clitoris in front of her at the same
time gently inserting two fingers this time. She massaged the
clitoris faster and faster and pulled her fingers in and out
slightly more vigorously until Wendy closed her eyes and groaned
as she had her first climax. Miss Bloor sat back and watched
Wendy in the afterglow of her first orgasm.

Mr Evans had his Daughter over his desk and was furiously pumping
her arse with all his might as he watched Wendy have her first
orgasm. Mrs Evans inserted four fingers into his rectum as he
spent wonderfully deep within his Daughters arse.

If youre a good girl you will get lots of these, but never ever
masturbate on your own or you will truly know the meaning of
punishment.do you understand?

Yes Miss Wendy replied as the pain in her bottom returned with
a vengeance after her first orgasm had completely subsided.

Miss Bloor jumped up, clapped her hands and said with vigour
Lets teach you some bladder control

Matt was instructed to lower the table back down flat but keep
Wendys legs apart. After a quite consultation Matt handed Miss
Bloor a sticky pad six inches long and two inches wide with wires
attached to one end. Miss Bloor placed the pad on Wendys lower
abdomen. Matt then handed over a small metal device about the
size of a thumb, again with wires attached which was inserted
into Wendys vagina. Finally Matt gave Miss Bloor a remote
control panel.

This is what it feels like when you need to wee Miss Bloor
informed Wendy as the sticky pad emitted voltage that contracted
her tummy and abdomen muscles.

Oooo.ohhh yes Miss Wendy quickly replied.

Miss Bloor turned up the intensity This is what it feels like
when you have tummy cramp

OuchMmm.oh, that hurts Wendy desperately shouted.

Miss Bloor then selected pulse and turned up the intensity once
again. This time the pad pulsed every few seconds, constantly
contracting and releasing Wendys abdomen muscles. The pulse was
very low frequency, very much like a blow to the tummy rather
than an electric shock.

A second button was pressed and the small device inside Wendy
jumped into life. It was a high frequency AC device that
delivered a tingle, more like a conventional electric shock.

This feels like the tingle when you are having a wee Miss Bloor
said observing Wendys reaction closely.

Wendy could only nod as the powerful contractions prevented her
from speaking. Miss Bloor gradually turned up the device embedded
in Wendys vagina until Wendy was unable to tell which sensation
was the most unpleasant.

Miss Bloor had inserted a much larger metal device into her own
sopping wet cunt so she could feel the intensity of the
electricity flowing through Wendys little pussy. It was
connected to the same machine so that the sensations should be
exactly the same. Miss Bloor had not turned her device on, when
she did her knees bent and she nearly fell to the floor and
needed to grab the table to steady herself. She was now quite
breathless herself but managed to give Wendy her instructions.
You must hold youre pee, this will train you to not wet the
bed, if I think you let go too early we will start again.

Miss Bloor once again sat on a stool between Wendys legs and
prepared to gradually increase the intensity until Wendy lost
control of her bladder.

Mr Evans was now regretting spending so early as he watched the
events unfold on the computer screen. It was Mrs Evans passion
that was in its ascendancy, she had fitted her dildo harness and
was watching the events above Mr Evans as she pumped a huge dildo
into his rectum while roughly pulling at her husbands limp cock.
The vibrating clit stimulator would surely bring her off if she
could wait until the optimum moment. It was a rare event for her
to be able to dominate her husband in such a way, he was hoping
it would revive his limp cock but that would be unlikely as he
had spent a huge load a few minutes earlier and therefore Mrs
Evans would enjoy every second. Their Daughter was now allowed to
watch the screen and again in a rare event was allowed to openly
masturbate.

Miss Bloor had reached a setting of twenty out of a possible one
hundred and was finding it difficult to concentrate herself, she
however did not have the powerful contractions on her abdomen
unlike poor Wendy who had once again become hysterical.

Ohnoplease..no.I need to peeOuch.oh.please make it stop
Wendy almost incoherently shouted at Miss Bloor.

When the level reached twenty seven there was a deep guttural
moan from Wendy oh God was all she could get out before a huge
stream of urine shot in the air, moments later the electrically
charged liquid splattered onto her body causing a far more
intensified agony. Some of the liquid splattered onto Miss Bloor
who suddenly jumped back as the liquid unified both her and Wendy
in one electrified circuit. Realising the pain Wendy must be in
sent Miss Bloor over the edge and she erupted into a spontaneous
massive orgasm, shaking and screaming obscenities as the metal
device also caused her to urinate.

There was shouting of euphoria as both women in the Evans
household reached a crescendo as they watched the torturer climax
and the tortured pass out.

Matt quickly turned off the power to the unit, Wendy only passed
out for a moment but Miss Bloor was laying in her own urine
quivering and shaking for quite some time afterwards. She would
not be able to insert anything into her deliciously sore cunt for
a few days and she was sure Wendy would not be masturbating
anytime soon.

































