Round 2

We snuggle together and drift off to sleep. Half an hour later I
awaken. You are still sound asleep. I'm in the mood to turn the
tables, so I dig our silk rope out of the toy box. Using my best
fireman's knots I tie your wrists behind your back as you slumber
on your side. The activity awakens you and as you attempt to sit
up you realize your predicament.

I kiss you and help you to a sitting position, settling myself in
your lap. More kisses ensue as I rub my ass against your cock.
You attempt to reach for me, forgetting for the moment that your
hands are bound.

"Nope." I grin. "You are at my mercy. Just relax and enjoy."

I move so that my thighs straddle yours as I face you. As I
continue to kiss you, I move to engulf your cock in my pussy. My
legs wrap around your back. I rock gently in your lap, holding
you in my embrace as I kiss you again. You spread your legs to
allow me to slide even further down your shaft, until you are
buried to the hilt. You move your hips in time with mine, each
thrust sending exquisite pleasure to each of us. Again, and
again, faster and faster, we rock together. My moan of ecstasy is
muffled by our kiss, but you feel the powerful contractions of my
vagina milking your dick. You are turned on even more by this and
try to put your arms around me, struggling against your bonds.

I whisper in your ear, "No. Behave." and contract my muscles
against your cock, like a tiny hug. You moan and stop resisting.
I continue to ride you hard and I cum again. This time the
neighbors across the hall must be able to hear us. I catch my
breath and we rut against each other, fast and hard, then slow
and soft, changing tempo as I drive you wild.

The pace steadies and quickens, our breathing synchronizes. We
are lost in the moment, nothing exists but each other. Each
thrust builds closer and closer until we cum together.

I nestle against you, reaching behind to untie you. I snuggle in
your arms for a while. Then I get up and walk to the bedroom
door. I look back over my shoulder and say to you "How does
french toast sound for breakfast? I'm thinking whipped cream will
be involved." I wink at you and saunter out the door. 
