 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
WARNING: This text file contains material of an adult, explicit, 
possibly VIOLENT sexual nature. If you are uncomfortable reading 
material of this kind, please delete this file immediately. Under 
no circumstances is this file to be read or poessessed by persons 
under 21 years of age. 
------------------------------------------------------

Bugged (M/F, demon, incubus, snuff) 
by Byir bar Qayin
(formerly known as Liam an Scribhneoir)


"And they worshipped the dragon which gave power unto the beast: 
and they worshipped the Beast, saying, who is like unto the beast? 
who is able to make war with him?" [Revelation 13:4]


 
Barefoot in Levis, white dress shirt fully unbuttoned exposing his 
perfectly sculpted chest and six-pack abs, and a glass of 
Glenkinchie scotch in his left hand, Sam opened the door to his 
motel room to reveal his "date". She was slender, stood three 
inches shoter than he, and had long chestnut hair, brown eyes, 
and an oval face. She wore no make-up. She was exactly as he had 
ordered.

"Hi, I'm Anne." she said as she smiled.

He smiled back at her for having remembered the name he'd asked 
her to use, and began subtly exuding sex pheromones."Please, come 
in I'm Sam. Would you like a drink? All I have is scotch, but 
it's ~very~ good scotch: 25 year old lowland Laphroig."

"No, thanks." she said as she entered and he shut the door behind 
her. Visible on the bed was an open make-up artist's kit. "I 
thought you requested no make-up."

"That's right - no make-up on your face. I plan to use body paint 
to add some temporary tattoos to your body before we get down to 
business. Do you have a problem with that?" His voice remained 
soft and low as his eyebrows peaked with inquisitiveness.

She laughed. "No, but time started when I walked through the door."

Sam took a sip of his scotch, and replied "Oh, I know. You're 
far from my first social companion." Hegrinned at her. "Now, 
please, take off all your clothes, and sit on that." He motioned 
toward a stool.

She didn't hesitate to do as requested, and Sam began immediately 
but skillfully applying make-up to effect three tattoos. While he 
worked, he deepened the pheromones he was exuding, and engaged 
in small talk, which he personally despized: yes, he was rich; 
yes, he ran his own business; yes, he drove a sports car; yes, 
he worked out; no, he wasn't married; no he hadn't a girlfriend; 
etc.

Eventually Anne commented "You're handsome, educated, employed, 
have a good body, and are reservidly polite. I wouldn't think that 
you'd have any problems finding women."

He chuckled "Handsome?", turned his face up to her and grinned. 
"I suppose I am. It's because I ~don't~ have trouble attracting 
others that paying someone for sex arouses me."

Anne's eyebrows went up. "Really? What about paying for sex 
excites you?"

"That my money buys it for me: I can fuck their mouth, cunt, and 
ass, but never have to see the person again."

"That's ... well, sorta sad, isn't it?"

Sam didn't looked up from his artwork. "Not really. For me, it's
efficient and uncomplicated: no pretense of being interested in
their dreams or that I'm in love with them at all, no nasty 
breakup when they realize I don't love them and that I'm not 
monogamous. Plus, I pay them an agreed-upon price rather than 
some outrageous portion of my personal wealth just because I 
stuck my cock in one of their holes." He downed the last of his 
glass of scotch.

"And I'm all done with the tattoos. Stand up, please, and turn 
around. Very nice. Go take a look at yourself in the bathroom 
mirror while I put away the brushes and paints." Doing as he 
suggested, she saw on her left side, from hip to ribs, the perfect 
image of a thick link of chain with three brightly-colored flowers 
woven in; on her right shoulder blade, a simple black eighth-note; 
on the inside of her right forearm, the name "Constantine" in 
black script.

She walked from the bathroom, and asked "Who's 'Cawn-stan-tyne?",
mangling the name.

"Constantine was a 4th century emperor of the Roman Empire who 
converted to Christianity." At her frown, he added with a  shrug 
"We all have fetishes particular to our own psyche. That's 
another reason I like paying whores: I don't have to explain 
things so they can understand." and ramped up his pheromone 
level even more as he stepped closer to her. He smiled as her 
pupils unvoluntarily dilated, and thought {{Got ya!}}.

She tried to kiss him, but he stepped back beyond her reach 
before she could touch him. He sat on the stool, and slowly 
removed his shirt and jeans, leaving him stark naked. When 
he stood up, she could see that, though he was extremely 
well hung -- definitely in the upper 25% of mankind with 
regards to muscle definition and cock size. He seemeds the 
sexist man she'd ever met.

"Lie suppine on the bed and spread your legs." After she did, 
he crawled on top, positioning himself so that he was holding 
himself on his fingers and toes, the purple glans of his cock 
barely touching her labia. "Say 'No, this is wrong.'"

"No, this is wrong." she parroted without real emotion.

"Try to say it with some emotion." Her second attempt was much 
better. Sam thrust fully inside her, causing her to grunt in 
pain. "Say, 'Stop! It hurts.'"

"Stop! It hurts." This time, there was a definite realistic 
element to her repetition. Sam grinned, knowing that he'd 
done as planned: rammed the head of his cock directly against 
her cervix. Her pain was real.

"Does it, now?" He pulled back and immediately thrust back 
inside her."But, Anne, it's what you really want, isn't it!? 
Say 'Yes, Jesus. Yes!'"

"Yes, Jesus. Yes!" Anne echoed, surprised at how much she was 
actually aroused -- something that seldom happened with 
clients. What followed could not be mistaken for "making 
love" as he trust violently into her again and again, 
changing angles to make it as painful as possible for her. 
She was also surprised at how close to orgasm his pile-driver 
assault was bringing her.

Eventually, he slowly. "Say 'Take me, Sammael!'"

"Take me Samuel!" she repeated breathily.

"Wrong, Not 'Samuel'!" he barked angrily. "Listen: 
'Take me, Sam-mah-ell!"

"Take me, Sam-mah-ell!"

He gave a final vicious thrust, triggering her own orgasm a 
split second before his own. He grunted and growled as he 
pumped copious spurts of his seed deep inside the woman. 

Finally spent, Sam rose back up on his hands and peered 
deeply in her eyes before tilting his head to look down to 
where his cock was still imbedded in her. "Well, look at 
that." he said in a voice well-practiced to seem genuinely 
surprised. He replaced the hyper-masculine sex pheromones 
that he had been exuding with ones that would heighten her 
fear.

Anne lifted her head up so that she could per at her cunt
to see what he was looking at, and frowned before her eyes 
grew wide. There were oily black roaches slipping out of 
her cunt around his cock. She snapped her face back up to 
look at Sam's.

On his was the most demonically evil grin imaginable. 
"Surprise." he said before his face and body dissolved 
into a writhing mass of black cockroaches.

She tried to scream as the mass fell on her, but roaches 
filled her mouth and squirmed down her throat, clogging 
it. They climbed all over her body and into every 
orifice: they clogged her nose, and ears, and squirmed
into her vagina, between her buttocks and up her anus. 
Only her eyes were clear of them.

In a panic, she rolled off the bed onto the floor. She 
struggled to her feet, digging in her mouth and throat 
to try to let herself breathe, but any roaches she 
dislodged were replaced by others. She had no sooner 
gained her feet than she fell backward across the bed. 

In a wild panic, she writhed and thrashed ever more 
violently, but nothing helped: she was still completely 
covered in squirming roaches. 

Gradually, her motions grew slower and weaker. She tried 
to whimper, but he could make no sound. Finally, she lay 
still. Her last sight was of a roach drinking a tear as
it that slipped from her left eye. She was dead, 
suffocated by the roaches.

The roaches streamed from her corpse and all its 
orifices: some of them stopped long enugh to consume 
every trace of makeup and paint from the corpse before
joining the growing mass beside it on the bed; and 
those inside her consumed all the fluids Sam had 
deposited there. Suddenly, the mass coalesced into Sam, 
naked, lying on his right side, and smiling at the
corpse.

"Was it as good for you as it was for me?" he asked 
in a sweetly sincere voice before rolling on his back 
and howling with laughter.

Looking at the bed-side clock, he slid out of bed, 
pulled a suit carrier from the closet, and dressed 
in a simple but formal tux, tux shirt, bow tie, and 
patent shoes. He bent over Anne's corpse. "Too bad 
you weren't really Anne, but my brother might be 
upset if I suffocated that adulterous cunt that he 
calls his wife." he whispered in her ear. "Too bad 
you didn't know I was a devotee of the dark arts."

The corpse fit easily in the suit carrier which 
itself fit easily in the trunk of his auto, a fact he 
knew from similar past dates with other whores. He'd 
dispose of the corpse later somewhere it wouldn't be 
found -- there were thousands of places from which to 
choose.

END *-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-* 
The author does not condone abuse or illegal activities. 
This story is meant as an erotic fantasy not real life. 
Anyone acting out such scenarios in "real life" would be 
guilty of major crimes and old spend many years as a 
convict in prison. 
*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*=*-*
