Business Bed, Breakfast, and Benefits - Chapter 3 - The Group Expands

(Reading all prior chapters is essential to understanding the characters and the history of this group)

Brad followed Emily to her room. He really had no choice since she had a firm grip on his hard cock...as if that mattered. He couldn't possibly refuse an invitation from the attractive older woman who had been banging his big brother. Since they were already naked, things went quickly and he was soon caressing, tasting, and burying his dick in this sexy woman his mother's age. Two cum loads in her pussy later, Bill was resting by her side, gently suckling on a breast, when Brad entered and said, "Time to switch". Bill dragged himself out of bed, limp cock dangling. He smiled at Brad who sported an erect one. Outside the door, Bill paused and turned. In the dim light he could see Brad settle on top of Emily and guide his cock into Bill's cum. Bill was inspired to give Cara as much pleasure as he could for the next hour but it was just as well that his cock wasn't an essential tool. At the end of the next hour, Bill was at Emily's open door. "My turn!" he said to the couple in bed. This time the cock conditions were reversed. Emily patted the bed next to her and Bill lay down on his back. Emily moved to straddle and then ride his erection. As she did so cum dripped onto Bill making his cock twitch with anticipation. Emily said, as she slowly moved up and down, "How do you like seconds, or in this case, fifths?" Bill replied, "What an incredible feeling. Part of it is just knowing who's cum my cock is soaking in. You are amazing. I never realized how much a woman could improve with age. But I should have known...Cara is better than any of my girlfriends ever were." Emily smiled and told him, "You might not believe that just two years ago I had only fucked one man my whole life. Now I have lost count. I've also been blessed with Brad and Frank as terrific teachers and lovers." After gentler orgasms this time, they slept snuggled together. Bill's youthful horniness woke him in the middle of the night for a nice spoon fuck with his sleepy new lover. Morning light found Emily taking the initiative to once again drain  the youngest cock she had opened her legs for.

Emily stayed another week which gave her plenty of opportunity to enjoy fucking the siblings as well as fill Bill in on the history of how they all had become such intimate friends. As she had confided in Cara, bigger is nice but not necessarily better. Brad wondered out loud if there would be anything left for Frank. Emily pointedly asked him if he had ever encountered a "worn out pussy"? She also mentioned that worn out cocks were not uncommon in these parts. Brad shut up.

A sex starved Frank was overjoyed at Emily's return. While he had heard the essence of the country house activities during phone calls, it was much better to get a stroke by stroke description while coupled with the naked storyteller. Those stories were inspiring to both of them and the next 24 hours were spent playing and fucking.

Cara was looking forward to the doctor's ok to open her pussy playground to her favorite cocks. She could already enjoy having a man nursing on each tit while each of her hands was stroking a cock. But she really missed the thrusting inside of her and the sprays of semen that often triggered her climaxes. She wanted to fuck. Although her ovulation was supposed to be suppressed while nursing, she knew that wasn't foolproof. Some women she knew had babies 10 or 11 months apart. And now Brad wanted Bill to move in with them. "Damn, I'm going to get fucked a lot!", she thought happily. Since she didn't want to get pregnant again right away, she relucantly decided that condoms for the brothers were the only answer until she could get back on birth control. Only Frank could do her bare in the meantime. She would just have to visit the B&B or have them here as often as possible. While she bided her time she would do her Kegel exercises.

When little Dickie was a month old Cara invited Emily and Frank to the country house to celebrate her medical clearance. Brad got the honors of the first postnatal fuck. It was gentle but satisfying, even with a condom. Over the weekend she enjoyed her other two lovers with Frank's seminal balm feeling very soothing to her vagina. Her pussy got back in shape faster and faster from the "cock massages" and she was soon able to fuck both men on the same day. On a couple of occasions she took Dickie to visit Emily and Frank so she could have some bare cock for a change.

Soon enough she went back on birth control and everyone had more fun and pleasure. Dickie had to get used to nursing on breasts that were sometimes jiggling from the pounding his mother was getting. Cara was pleased that her changed mommy body still turned her men on. She couldn't remember how she got by with only her husband's cock. She loved him so much for wanting her extra fulfillment and she was delighted that he could enjoy Emily. She was amazed that she could as easily and naturally share her body with Bill and Frank as with Brad, her husband. Although they were very different in the way they looked, felt, and fucked, she automatically adjusted to each of them and enjoyed all the pleasure giving and taking with no reservation. They were like different flavors of frosting on an already good cake. Her enjoyment of Brad was special because of their longstanding love and their openness in sharing the extramarital activities. They had watched each other with different partners and even had a few threesomes so the sharing could be more complete. Cara liked Emily's taste on Brad's cock and his erections seemed harder when dipping in her freshly cum filled pussy.   

Emily's daughter, Dee, had been studying overseas for the past two years, since she turned 18. Mother and daughter talked and emailed fairly often but Emily had, of all the new things in her life, only told her about Frank. Noticing how her mother seemed to glow with a new zest for life, Dee decided to come back for a visit. Emily was thrilled, but also concerned about how her daughter would handle mom's new lifestyle. She enlisted Frank's help in putting on appearances. Dee arrived a few days before Brad's regular visit. He had let Emily know that Bill would be with him since Cara was going to visit her mother with the baby. One room had twin beds so it would work out ok. The one remaining guest room was booked by a long time guest who Emily enjoyed fucking.

Mother and daughter had a great time getting reacquainted. Dee warmed to Frank and said that she couldn't help but notice how good he was for her mother. Frank lusted after the slim, intelligent woman who was a younger version of her mother. She noticed and teased him with her body when she could. Frank took her for walks or to market when Emily needed to provide her guest with "benefits". 

The brothers arrived in early afternoon and introductions were made. Brad announced that he had to go directly to his company as a team was travelling to a client site for a big meeting early the next day. He would return late the following night. The dinner for the four remaining was chatty and light. The two younger people were seated across from each other and Emily noticed lots of glances and smiles. Finally it was bedtime. Emily whispered to Bill to come to her room in a little while for an I-missed-you fuck. She added that Frank wanted to watch and would be inspired to enjoy seconds.

It was late so Bill only had one round with Emily before quietly going back to his room and going directly to bed. About an hour later the door opened quietly and a slim figure slipped in bed next to him. The feel of strange kisses on his face and fingers on his cock was at first dreamlike but as he awakened and rolled over he recognized his bedmate. Dee put her finger to his lips, kissed him wetly then began "heading south". Bill began exploring her body with his hands as she kissed her way towards his hard-on. She expertly took it deeply into her mouth but suddenly pulled away. Again face to face she spoke, "You taste like pussy and I heard sex noises from Mom's room next to mine...it must have been YOU!" Bill nodded. "OH MY GOD...this is wild!", Dee said even louder. Bill waited quietly. Dee finally continued, "I really need to be fucked right now and we will talk about this later...but wash your cock off first!" He did and Dee got her wish...twice.   

Bill woke alone. He found Dee in the kitchen fixing breakfast. She gave him a very light kiss and asked, "When can we talk?" "I think that your mom and Frank need to be part of the conversation...I'll find out what works for them." replied Bill, going to Emily's room and sitting on the bed next to an obviously freshly fucked couple. He related what had happened last night and said that Dee needed "the talk". Breakfast was the scene and, as the story was told, Dee was both dumbfounded and amused. She herself had a pretty exploratory attitude about sex and was pretty experienced with a history of boyfriends, one night stands, and a couple of live-ins. Emily asked her, "I can understand why you were interested in Bill *grin* but I thought you were living with a guy at school." She replied, "I am, but it is only for financial and sexual convenience. I don't love him...we are fuck buddies. I make him wear condoms since he sees other girls occasionally and I usually require them of any guys I lay even though I am on birth control. I had a good feeling about Bill and I was really horny for a natural fuck with a cum injection." The conversation went on for quite a while as questions were asked and details revealed. Dee was very curious and even stimulated by her mother's late life sexual development. After lunch she took Bill back to her room for a long fuck as she absorbed the idea that the cock now in her cunt had very recently been in her mother's. She considered herself pretty liberated but her sex was almost always one-on-one. She had tried a few threesomes, girl-girl, and more than one man in the same day but nothing as open and interesting as this group.

Late that afternoon it was the cocktail hour and all four were minimally dressed. Emily asked Dee how she was doing. "I've had a little time to get used to the idea that my mom is more open minded than me and I'm certainly atracted to the lifestyle you have developed. I'm ready to join in if you will let me." The other three smiled an nodded. Dee continued, "Then it's time for Frank to get some of what he has been ogling since I arrived. Mom, you will just have to be satisfied with the cock I've been fucking all afternoon *grin*." Late that evening Brad returned and found Dee in his bed wearing only a welcoming smile. His cock was very soon stroking in her silky cunt. Without a word, he could feel with his dick that she had joined their club and joyfully added his cum to the others.

At breakfast before the brothers' departure, Dee told the group, "I want to have this lifestyle all the time. Perhaps I can transfer to City University and live here. I could help mom with the B&B...do some 'special services' to earn my keep?" *big grin* Bill looked thoughtful, "I finally feel motivated to go to university. Would you have me here as well?" Brad piped up, "Hey, how am I going to keep up with Cara all by myself?" Emily replied, "Just ask her...I'd bet she could come up with some ideas to fill in between visits here or at your place. Dee and Bill, of course you are welcome here. I'd love it. You would have to share a room so it doesn't cut down too much on B&B guests." "That's rough, mom, but we'll manage somehow. If it gets too busy I could bunk with a guest and Bill with you two. We just have to be flexible." *grin*

Dee returned to school and the local admissions process was started. Bill and Dee emailed and Skyped every day. She told him that no matter how she tried to imagine it, her fuck buddy just didn't feel like him although it helped with her hornies. Perhaps it was the condoms, she thought. Dee met Cara and Dickie on Skype and even watched the brothers fuck her together. It only made her eager for the school term to end. When it did she arranged for Bill to watch her goodbye fuck with her sex buddy, although he didn't realize he was on camera. When she arrived at her new home, Bill was waiting to greet her. He took her hand and they hurried to her bedroom. "I've held off fucking your mom since I got here so there would be more for you," he said as they undressed. Dee pulled him on top of her saying, "Put it in now!" A couple of noisy hours later they emerged, still naked, to applause from Emily and Frank. Frank said, "Let's have a celebratory drink and then I want to welcome you as well." Dee said wickedly, "Can Bill join in later? Emily, please leave a little of him for me!"

Bill divided his time between households until school started. He was lustily welcomed on each arrival. After one such occasion Emily lay in bed with Frank, the mingled cum of two men slowly oozing out of her cunt. She said to Frank, "All this wonderful sex makes me feel like a young woman." Frank sat up and replied, "Me too...where is Dee?" Emily grabbed his soft cock and stated, "If there is any life left in this thing, it is MINE!", making them both laugh.  