A suicidal teen is given a new lease on life thanks to technology.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Fine, Okay - Chapter 1 (MF, 1st, mc, reluc, impreg?)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Content warning: car accident, suicide ideation.

---

You know the name Oliver Templeton, the man who invented the automatic belt ("Automatically adjusts for Thanksgiving dinner!") and the Internet-connected contact lens. You may have heard the story of when his wife died in an accident with her teenage daughter in the car. The poor girl was pinned in the back seat, unable to move as her mother bled out in front of her. Poor Arcadia and her father were never the same again.

Next on 'Where are they now?' Scott Baio!

---

Oliver started awake as his daughter Arcadia screamed from her room. He quickly rushed to her side to hold her. This had been a regular occurrence for the last couple years, so both were wearing pajamas. "You're okay, Cady...it's fine...everything's fine..." he whispered into the 18-year-old's ear as he stroked her ash blonde hair and she sobbed into his pajama top.

"I wanna die..." she moaned. "I can't live like this..."

Oliver resolved to finish his latest invention in the morning. Arcadia had been getting worse lately, so he knew that she would try to end her life again. He tried not to think of the scars on her wrists. Her nightmares were horrific, and sometimes she would actually have visions of her mother dying during the day as well. The poor young woman did okay in remote learning school, as she could schedule her work for when she was having a good day -- well, a day that didn't involve her screaming, anyway.

While she was concentrating on her schoolwork the next morning, he downloaded his findings from the sensors he had put in her pillow. Arcadia had tried counseling and psychiatrists, as well as several different antianxiety and antidepressant drugs, but they only seemed to help a bit. Based on the consistency of her ECG results, though, he was sure that he was onto something. He'd never be able to patent his idea because he was using someone else's work, an obscure paper from a Dr. Jacqueline Stevenson from 25 years ago that talked about modifying thought processes using oscillatory waves. He wasn't able to find anything from Dr. Stevenson since, and his attempts to find her had proved fruitless -- he figured that she had probably been plucked up by the military -- but the idea had percolated in his genius-level brain until he had a theory, and today, after months of trial and error, he was going to test it.

"Cady? Can you come here, please?"

Dutifully, the slim blonde came into the kitchen. As per usual, she was wearing a t-shirt and sweatpants and looking like she hadn't slept. Her eyes were sunken and lifeless. "Yes, Daddy?"

"Have a seat here. I've made something that I think will help you."

"Well, my pants are stretchy enough that I don't need an automatically adjusting belt." She gave him a wry grin as she sat at the table.

He smiled back. Even depressed and suicidal, she sometimes still had a good sense of humor. He brought forth his gadget, a thick plastic half-halo.

She took a closer look. "A hairband?"

"Yes. Just pull your hair back, and..." He pushed the tines of the band into her hair so that it would hold in place. With her hair pulled back, away from her face, Oliver saw his daughter's pretty face again, looking so much like her mother. He gave her a wistful smile.

"So what does this do?" she asked, looking skeptical.

"This should help with your episodes," he explained. "It'll recognize when you're stressed and put out an inverse brainwave to counter it, and it uses bone conduction so you can hear a recording of my voice letting you know that everything's okay, like I do when you have nightmares at night. Some additional alpha waves will relax you. I'm hoping that all of these things together should allow you to...well, have a normal life."

She looked up at him. "This is total science fiction, Dad."

"Please? Just for 24 hours? I'll check up on you after lunch." He looked at her hopefully.

She rolled her eyes. "Okay, 24 hours. I'll try anything at this point."

---

"Cady? How you feeling?"

She looked up from her work. "Hm? Oh...fine, I guess?" Then she thought about it for a moment. "I'm feeling fine! Daddy! It works!" Her smile beamed at him, so long forgotten.

"Well, we'll have to see what happens tonight."

That night, he quickly swapped out the small batteries from the device with new ones. "And these go into the charger over here." He pointed at a small plastic device on her nightstand.

"Did you invent that too?" Arcadia's eyes were wide.

"Um, no...these are rechargeable hearing aid batteries. Someone beat me to that one."

"Oh."

---

Oliver woke to the sound of his phone alarm, set for 2 AM. He blearily shut it off (well, after a couple of snoozes), grabbed his tablet, and then headed to Arcadia's room.

He could hear her snores before he even got halfway there. Smiling, he pushed open the door and brought up the app that connected to the sensors in her pillow. There had been some nightmare activity an hour ago, he saw, but the headband had done its job and suppressed those brainwaves. The alpha waves afterward, combined with some theta waves because it was nighttime, had relaxed her enough to go back to sleep.

Nodding to himself, he went back to bed.

He woke up an hour later to her scream. He rushed into her room, but she was already asleep again. Not bad, he thought, but he would finetune the headband in the morning.

---

"So how did you sleep, sweetheart?" he asked his daughter at breakfast.

She was smiling, and garbed in a yellow sundress. He recognized it from his wife's old wardrobe, though Cady had to cinch it a bit tighter than her mother around her slim form. "Great, I think. I felt so rested when I got up!"

"Any nightmares?"

She shook her head, beaming. "Nope! Well, none I remember, anyway. Let's hope it stays that way!"

Oliver nodded. He had added an extra feature to the band that he hadn't told his daughter about. If it got overwhelmed trying to help her, it would fire a pulse that would keep her brain from saving her short-term memory to long-term storage. Even if she had a nightmare, she wouldn't remember it. She would still remember her mother dying -- nothing he did would ever erase that -- but his device would make sure that she didn't compound her trauma with memories of these recurring nightmares.

She got to her feet. "I think I wanna go for a walk around town." It was Saturday.

He stood up. "Are...are you sure? It's been a long time...I should go with you..."

"Sure! C'mon..."

And so they went for a nice stroll. Arcadia pointed out buildings that had changed since she had last seen them. Oliver bought them soft pretzels from a cart. They walked through a park and ended up at McDonald's for dinner. All in all, it was a spectacular day, after 2 years of worrying about his daughter killing herself.

"This was so nice, Daddy," Arcadia said as they headed back, arm in arm.

"Yeah," he agreed.

---

The week passed much as that day had, and Arcadia visibly improved. The bags under her eyes had faded, and her figure had even started to fill out as she gained some much-needed weight. It was Friday night, and Oliver was getting dressed to go out.

"Are you sure you'll be okay, Cady? I can cancel..."

"No, Daddy, go ahead! You both 'swiped right' or whatever, and you've put your life on hold for me long enough."

"Okay, pumpkin. I'll try not to stay out too late." He gave her a peck on the cheek and headed toward the door. "Unless I get lucky!" He gave her a grin.

"Ew, Daddy!"

He gave her a frown, then a half-smile and a wink, and left.

Arcadia looked out the window. The sun was about an hour from setting. She considered for a moment, and then headed out the door in another of her mom's sundresses, red this time. She strode toward the canal, which she figured would give her a spectacular view of the sunset.

She sat on a bench at the edge of the canal park and watched the brilliant red and orange hues of our local star dip below the horizon. Glorious! she thought. Why had she locked herself away from all this wonder?

"Hey, cutie!"

She turned to see a man sitting down next to her. He was a bit older than her, maybe 25 with dark hair, and kinda good looking with his goatee. He was wearing a jean jacket without arms, showing off his muscles and tattoos.

"Um, hi," she responded uncertainly.

He leaned into her. "The sunset was beautiful, but it ain't got nothin' on you. What's yer name?"

"Arcadia...Cady." She blushed. She had noticed that she was looking prettier in the mirror over the last week, and was feeling particularly good today.

"A beautiful name too." The guy smiled, showing off his pearly grin. "Cobra." He pointed his thumb at himself while directing her eyes to his bicep tattoo of a snake, ready to bite. "You blaze sometimes?" He pulled out a rolled-up cigarette and a silver lighter.

"Oh...I don't smoke."

"Your loss." He lit the small object, breathed in, and held it. Then he let it go, pushing gray smoke up to join the stars.

Arcadia could smell something like a skunk. "Oh, is that pot?"

"Yeah...you never toked up before?" He held it up for her.

She shook her head and held her hand up in a classic 'no' gesture. Then she shivered. Without the sun, the air was getting cool, and there she was in a summer dress.

"Here," Cobra put his arm around her.

Arcadia froze up, her anxiety spiking. Her eyes quickly took in the area, but there didn't seem to be anyone around to help her. Then her mind calmed as her headband took over, sending calming antianxiety waves into her brain. Everything was fine, she realized.

Cobra took another toke and held it, but instead of blowing it back out into the world, he turned and kissed her.

"Mmf!" She felt his tongue slip between her lips and went to shout to get him away from her, but when her lungs instinctively went to draw in air, she instead got the pot smoke. She yanked her face away from Cobra's and coughed. She felt his hand patting her back.

"I...I have to go..." She tried getting away, but he grabbed her arm.

"Not yet...I gotta get yer number, Cady, and you have to finish what ya started here."

"Started?" She turned and followed his finger pointing to his lap. She saw the bulge of his thing there. "I...no..."

*It's fine...everything's okay...*

Her eyes blinked rapidly as her brain shifted between competing emotional realities. Cobra took advantage of her seeming indecision to pull her sideways into his lap, the skirt of her sundress falling about them, which put her panties-clad butt right onto his jeans-covered erection. She felt his warm hand slip under her dress and slide up her thigh as her father's recorded words echoed through her head and the headband he had made unexpectedly suppressed her fight or flight response.

She felt his fingers touch her vulva and gasped. She had never had anyone touch her there before, and the feeling was overwhelming. With the headband feeding calming waves into her brain to suppress her fear, she was very confused. Then the marijuana, mixed with a little extra something, started to kick in.

"Um...um...ohh..."

Cobra had slipped his fingers under Arcadia's panties and was now stroking her rapidly moistening pussy lips. With his other hand he pulled out his phone. "Now why don't ya gimme your phone number, Cady, so I can give ya a call tomorrow?"

"Ohh...ohkay..." She recited her mobile number as he awkwardly entered it into his phone one-handed before slipping it back into his vest. Then he focused all of his attention on the sexy teen, finding her clitoris and lightly rubbing it between his thumb and forefinger.

"Umfh! Ohh..." she moaned. She had never felt like this before. She felt Cobra's hand move away from her pussy and fumble with something under her butt. Then she felt something hard and hot against her thigh. "Huh?"

Cobra pushed Arcadia's panties to the side. "Lift up a little, hun," he directed her, and she docily followed his instruction. A moment later she felt something slipping between her vaginal lips.

"What...?" she managed to get out before he pulled her down hard. "AIEE!" she screamed as her virginity was torn asunder.

"Shit!" Cobra quickly put his hand over her mouth. "You a virgin?"

She nodded.

"Goddamn! Bagged me a unicorn! Let's get all the way up in there..." He pulled her down until his cock was fully embedded inside her, making her moan in discomfort through his hand. Now that she was no longer shrieking, though, he removed his hand from her mouth and slipped it back under her skirt.

Her brain was on fire! She just lost her virginity to a man she had just met! He was raping her, and...oh God, he wasn't wearing a condom! She had to--

*Zap!*

She blinked. What was going on? She remembered talking to a handsome guy, and...oh God it hurt! She looked down at Cobra...she was sitting on his lap...was he inside her? Why had she given this man her virginity? She felt his hand move from her thigh to her crotch, where he then rubbed at her prominent clit. The pain of her deflowering started to taper off as his expert fingers heated up her teen body. "Uhh...ohh..."

"Yeah, that's it, baby...I'll make you feel good..."

She felt his other hand move up her side to caress one of her B-cup breasts through her sundress and bra. The unfamiliar stimulation of having her boob and clit played with, along with the internal pressure of being stuffed with cock was overwhelming, and she felt something rising deep inside her. "Stop...something's...oh God..."

But everything was fine, her headband told her, and so her anxiety tapered down as her pleasure ramped up. Cobra moved his hands to her hips, turning her away from him into the reverse cowgirl position, and then pushed her off his cock a bit before pulling her back. She felt the impact of his member reverberate through her previously virginal pussy, the sensation nudging her toward whatever was coming. Then he did it again, and again. "O-hhh..." she whined, and then started moving on her own, wanting it deeper, harder...

"Yeah, Cady, just like that...so fucking tight..."

She felt a flush of pride from his words. This was her first time, but she was making Cobra feel good! As she increased the tempo of her thrusts back at him, she felt her breasts bounce a little in her bra, causing her hard nipples to slide against the fabric. That was enough, and she felt an explosion rush from deep inside her core, blossoming outward, up into her nipples and down through her pussy to her clitoris. "UHH! UNHHOHH!"

"Cumming! Oh baby, you're sucking it out of me!"

Arcadia felt his cock throb inside her, and a spreading warmth there. Her overheated body redoubled the power of her orgasm, and she reared up and fell back against him. "OHHH! HUHHH! AAHHH!" At the deepest part of her vagina, the opening to her womb spasmed open in time with the orgasmic waves rushing through her nubile body, and Cobra's semen splashed against it over and over, guaranteeing a non-zero amount of his dangerous sperm would slip through into her most private of places. "Huhh! Mmm..." she moaned as her orgasm calmed down.

She felt both of his hands on her bra-covered breasts now, giving her little afterorgasms.

"That was amazing, Cady," he assured her.

"I can't believe I did that," she mused, "it's so unlike me."

"Felt good, though, huh?"

"Sooo good..." she sighed. She could feel his thing shrinking inside her, and pulled off to get to her feet a bit unsteadily. Her panties snapped back into place, securing Cobra's dangerous load of sperm inside her previously virginal channel. "I think I need to pee..."

Cobra got up from the bench as he tucked his cock away. "Shitter's over there," he said, pointing. "I'll call ya tomorrow, okay, gorgeous?" He gave her a kiss on the cheek and sauntered away.

"Yeah..." she called after him, her insides thrilling at his compliment. Then she went to the park washroom.

As she pulled down her panties in the stall, she saw the puddle of semen in them. "What?! Ohmigod!" Cobra hadn't used a condom! Why had she allowed this? She was going to get pregnant!

*Zap!*

Arcadia looked around. She was in a portable toilet stall, with her panties around her ankles. Right, she needed to pee, she remembered, and sat to do so. When done, she wiped and pulled her panties up, but found them wet and cold. She figured she must've been so turned on from her first sexual experience that she had dripped into them. Oh well, they'd warm up against her skin, she figured. She washed her hands and headed home.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)