YOU ARE ONLY TEN YEARS OLD ONCE, BUT...

BY GF

Just three days ago, young Sarah turned ten. Ten years old, at
last! For the first time in her life, her age would require two
digits. She felt much older now that she was ten.

During the last few days, she even tried to play less often with
her dolls, wanting to appear more like a grown-up girl. She tried
to act like one as well, in the presence of adults. One of her
mother's friends, Mlissa, had come over for dinner the day
before, and Sarah watched the evening news with her and her
mother, discussing the presented events as much in an adult-like
way as she could. The two women, however, were more amused than
genuinely impressed, thinking about how adorable the little girl
was.

Sarah had a terrible secret. She had kept this secret to herself
for as long as she could remember. Sarah always had been
submitted to a very special routine with her mother. Her mother
had told her that it had all started from the day her father left
them alone, when Sarah was barely a year old.

Sarah didn't have any memory of her father. But she did, however,
have memories of the dreaded routine she had to go through with
her mother, on an almost daily basis. she had memories going as
far back as even before she started elementary school.

Sarah knew that none of her friends had to endure what she
endured with her own mother. She knew, because Sarah was a very
intelligent little girl. Without compromising or revealing what
she held secret (something her mother warned her about many
times), she was able to find out, through clever questions, that
she was indeed alone in her situation. None of her friends had to
submit to anal discipline or "AD", as her mother often referred
to, especially in the presence of other adults. "Sarah, be
careful or you'll get some AD..." she would say, in a warning
tone. When asked by the guests what it meant, her mother would
simply reply, with a smile, that it's something between her and
the little one, a funny code of some kind. But while her mother
would smile Sarah, on the other end, would freeze, stopping dead
in her tracks, feeling her sphincter clenching, throbbing.

Because during a session of anal discipline, it's one area of
Sarah's body that got all the attention. Instead of grounding her
daughter, or to simply spank her or deprive her of television for
days, Sarah's mother believed that anal discipline was the sole
way to not only take care of an unwanted behavior, but also to
prevent it.

Three days before, when Sarah turned ten, she thought that the
anal discipline would subside, now that she finally was a big
girl. Her mother proved her wrong quickly enough, though, the
very same day, when Sarah was told to undress completely before
unwrapping the first half of her ten gifts.

Apprehensively, she took off her two-piece pajamas and proceeded
with the first gift. To her delight, she unwrapped a big
encyclopedia of astronomy. Though naked, she smiled big at her
mother and went on with the second gift. When all the paper
covering the long box was torn apart, Sarah's eyes went big while
looking at the large telescope. She stood up and went to hug her
mother tightly, who told her to continue unwrapping her other
gifts. The third gift turned out to be an illuminated terrestrial
globe. The fourth gift also made her go hug her mother close: a
set of brand new Harry Potter books 1 to 6. Finally, the last
gift of the first half turned out to be a cute white and blue
one-piece pajamas with little ducks and flowers all over. Her
mother then told her to put her new pajamas on, smiling down at
her and wishing her happy birthday, yet again.

Sarah was so overwhelmed after the first half of her gifts that
when she started to open the second, she was fiercely taken
aback. Indeed, her sixth gift consisted of three large jars of
baby-scented Vaseline. Of course, the little girl knew all too
well what Vaseline meant and so at this very moment, her anal
sphincter started to contract furiously. But her mother just kept
smiling and told her to carry on.

The next gift was not a pleasant sight either, far from it. "The
Punishment Stick", her mother told her when Sarah took the
instrument out of its box. The item consisted of a long rubber
dildo, skin-colored, with a large rounded end of a little more
than one inch and a half in diameter. The insertable part of the
dildo, about twelve inches long, increased in size from the
rounded end to the handle. The handle itself, not insertable, was
about seven inches long. The dildo, very flexible, was obviously
made for extremely deep probings. "For when you are a very bad
girl" her mother told her, casually.

Putting the Punishment Stick aside, Sarah opened her eighth gift
with dread. It was more a puzzled look on her face rather than
fear that took place after she opened the box. Indeed, the device
she held in her hands ressembled nothing she had seen before. A
long rubber tube with two weird shapes at one end with wrikles
and folds. At its other end, there were two black pumps with
valves. What Sarah didn't know then was that she just had gotten
a very nice double enema nozzle.

Her ninth gift was by far the biggest one. Sarah actually had to
stand by it to unwrap it as it was almost as tall as her and
about half the lenght of her bed. What she saw soon after made
her gasp: a beautiful wooden horse, painted with many colors and
details with even hair that looked real. Sarah looked at her
mother, confused, but was told that her last gift was the
complement of her horse. The tenth gift was rather heavy; it was
a big box that Sarah could not even lift. When she opened it, she
saw many polished wooden dildos of different colors, shapes,
sizes and lengths. Every one of them had a thick screw embedded
in them, under their bases. "You see, her mother kindly explained
to her, these are attachments for the saddle of your Punishment
Riding Horse". She then went on a with a quick demonstration,
interchanging the various dildos, screwing them in the hole on
the horse's saddle. "When very bad in the presence of guests, you
may have to ride your horse while they are over, darling. Of
course, when that happens, you will be wearing clothes to hide
what really is happening."

Yes, Sarah didn't enjoy her tenth birthday as she would have
hoped to. But she knew that her mother loved her and that
everything was done for her own good.

Later that day, Sarah had to bend over her mother's lap, face
down. Her mother reached for Sarah's pajama bottoms and pulled
the flap open to reveal her bare cheeks. "This is why I bought
you these pajamas, you see. So Mommy can have access to your
bottom whenever you are wearing them, without having to undress."
Soon after, the smell of the baby-scented Vaseline reached
Sarah's nostrils and, barely a minute after, her mother was
forcing the huge rounded end of the new Punishment Stick past her
anus, deep in her tiny rectum. A loud, high- pitched cry invaded
the entire house instantly.

This was how Sarah spent her tenth birthday. This was how Sarah
had grown up. This is how Sarah would spend the rest of her
childhood, anally submitted to her mother...

