CAUGHT

BY EDWARD

I still remember the first time I tied myself up. I was around
10-12 years old. My mom wasn't home and I had nothing to do I
don't remember where I got the idea but I decided I wanted to
lock a "U" bike lock around my neck and thee head board of my
bed. I went into the storage room where I keep my bike and got
one off my bike with the key. Once I got it I brought it inside
and went into my bedroom. I unlocked it then sat on my bed with
my back against the headboard and I positioned the straight bar
part of the lock behind the headboard. Then I slid the "U"
section into place. I didn't understand why but it felt really
good to be locked to my bed I really liked the feeling. I
imagined that I was being punished by mom because I had gotten in
trouble at school.

After a few weeks of doing this while mom wasn't home (I would
watch TV or do homework like this) I did a web search for "self
tie up" (I like to search for random stuff). And I found out
about people who tie themselves up and freeze the key in a block
of ice. And I thought this was a great idea and started doing it
(hiding the container with the water and key hidden in the back
of the freezer). I would do it for up to 3 hours (making sure to
go pee first). It wasn't long before I started tying up my feet
to the corners of the bed and with my neck locked to the bed I
couldn't untie them until the key unfroze. Sometimes I would also
lock my hands together with a chain and two padlocks either in
front or in back depending on weather I needed them or not. After
awhile it started to get boring so I decided to make it a little
more interesting by doing it completely naked.

One time while I was tied up (with my hands in front doing
homework) and still had an hour to go I heard the door to the
apartment unlock. I panicked it must have been mom I covered my
private with my homework but that was all I could do. She called
out but I didn't respond. Eventually she came into my room and
saw me she just stared at me. I quickly started blabbering
mentioning that I liked pretending to be punished and that the
ice with the key would melt in an hour. She waited a second and
then asked "You like this" I responded "Yeah..." "You aren't
being hurt?" "No I'm not" "The ice melts in a hour?" Yeah it
does..." I started blabbering that it wasn't the same as being
kept by a person and that I would very much rather that. She took
the container with the three keys in it and said "OK then I will
let you out once you are done your homework" I said "Okay" and
she started to walk out I stopped her by saying "mom" she stopped
and looked at me and I said "thanks".

******

After that mom started spending more time at home, and I started
spending more time tied up. We got into a routine that once I got
home I would go to the bathroom pee and take all my cloths off
then go to my room. At that point mom would tie me to the bed
with my hands chained in front and my legs tied to the bed posts
and I wouldn't be allowed out until I was done my homework. If I
didn't have homework I would still have to be tied for an hour
(that was my idea) I really liked that and told her regularly.

One evening I had allot of homework and didn't finish it before
supper. She let me out of bed but kept my hands chained. And that
is how I ate supper. After supper she sent me to the bathroom to
go pee and brush my teeth. Once I was done my mom told me that I
didn't have to finish all my homework and that she would send a
note to my teacher the next day asking if I could finish it for
the day after. We decided to watch a movie together when we had
choosen the movie and were almost ready to watch it mom changed
my hands from apart in front to together in back and tied my
ankles together then got me into a snuggling position next to her
with a blanket. She told me that I was staying tied up as a
punishment for not finishing my homework.

A couple of weeks later this happened but mom let me out
completely and I was disappointed. We had supper and after that
she told me to go get undressed and ready for bed. I wined
complaining that it was early and she told me that I wasn't going
to sleep yet just to bed. She got me setup to finish my homework
which I did when I was done I called her and she came in and put
it all away then she undid my neck and then one hand. But instead
of taking the other one off like I expected she made me lie down
and put the chain behind the headboard and put the chain back on
my wrist. Then she started tightening my legs (quite a bit of
slack formed because now instead of sitting up I was lying down.
I asked her what she was doing and she said that I was going to
sleep tied up. I said that I didn't want to but she just said
that sometimes she is going to tie me up in a way I don't like
and that I would have to learn to deal with it. I didn't hate
being tied up while sleeping and I ended up enjoying it.

******

It was Christmas and I had already had my party with my friends
and my mom hadn't given me anything yet. She said that it was
going to be a surprise on Friday evening that made me quite
excited. On Friday evening she told me to get undressed, ready
for bed and come to my room. When I got there there was a box on
the bed and she was holding something black in her hand. She told
me to stand still with my hands at my sides. I did and she put
the thing around my head... it was a blindfold. Then I felt her
attach soft things around each wrist and ankle then something
around my neck. Then she told me to take off my blindfold and
look in the mirror There were leather black belts on my wrists
ankles and neck. I then realised that the one around my neck was
a collar I turned and hugged my mom thanking her very much then
she showed me that the buckles were special ones with loops for
locks and the "D" rings for chains and stuff. She locked each one
on saying that they wouldn't come off until Monday morning. I
gave my mom another big hug. She then picked me up and lay me
face down on the bed and attached my feet and hands with padlocks
to rings that had been screwed into the bed frame. She then took
out something else. It was a red ball with a belt and locking
buckle through it she said this would make extra sure that I
wasn't able to get out by keeping me from calling for help. She
asked if I was OK with that and I said yes. She put the ball in
my mouth and then buckled and locked it on I tried to make all
kinds of different noises but none were very loud.

When she left and turned out the light I started to think that
there was absolutely no way to get out of the restraints I
started to feel a tingly sensation in my privates and really
wanted to touch them but I couldn't. In the morning when I was
eating my breakfast (with my cuffs still on (mom told me what
they were called)) I told mom about the tingly feeling and she
said that it was normal and she would teach me about it tonight.
We had a fun day we went to a theme park (In the next city) and I
was allowed to wear my cuffs in front of everyone with some black
clothes. I thought that was really cool. But what was even cooler
was that on the way there I had my hands locked behind my back
and on the way back as well.

******

That evening she tied me the exact same way except with a
blindfold and facing up. And then she started talking about the
things we had learnt in sex ed and she told me something that we
didn't learn and that was about masturbation and orgasms she
started rubbing and caressing my body starting to focus on my
private parts talking about how I couldn't stop her from touching
me I got REALLY tingly in my privates and the more and more she
caressed me the more and more tingly I got until I got really
tingly all over and it felt really nice. She untied me and then
retied me tied face down.

In the morning she unlocked my hands and relocked them behind my
back then unlocked my feet and took me to the bathroom where she
sat me on the toilet and I peed. Then she took me to the kitchen
and tied me to the chair and attached my feet to little hard to
see loops then she undid my gag but didn't take it out until she
told me that it would go straight back in without me having food
if I talked even a word. She fed me breakfast and then put the
gag back in. I was frustrated that I couldn't talk mom noticed
that and said that this may be a time that I am tied and don't
enjoy it but would have to go through in return for all the fun
times. I nodded my head in understanding when she said this. That
evening she played with my privates again and made me orgasm.

I spent the whole day gagged doing chores and watching TV then I
slept that way too. My jaw didn't get very sore as the ball
wasn't that big. In the morning she took everything but the
collar off and sent me to school without a chance to talk. At
school lots of kids at school asked about my collar and I just
said I liked it and that mom had the key because I thought that
would be cool.

******

It has been a few months since the last chapter. Things have been
going well. I now wear my cuffs and collar 24/7 (except when
washing) and sleep tied up, I have been wearing the cuffs so much
that they are starting to wear out. There is one problem though.
Mom doesn't like it when I masturbate she is fine with masturbate
me but not me doing it to myself. Sometimes it is hard to resist
epically once mom doesn't do it for a few days there have been a
few times where I have disobeyed her, but she has not punished me
just lectured me about my lac of self control.

Today was my birthday and I received some gifts that I am not
entirely sure that I like them. It has been a week since I have
had an orgasm on moms special request she said that it was
important for my birthday present that I don't orgasm for a whole
week before. She made me promise not to. Once we finished supper
Mom took me to my room. She made me undress completely and then
she unlocked and took off my cuffs and collar. She made me take a
quick bath. Then she took a big present from her room and put it
on the floor in front of me in my room. I unwrapped it and found
a plain brown box. I opened the top and there were a bunch of
shiny metal chains and curved metal loops which I presumed were
cuffs.

She told me to stand and took out a metal collar with rubber
lining. It had four chains hanging from it two in back two i
front. She closed the hinge and it snapped in place around my
neck. There was no padlock the lock was built in with only a
small keyhole showing that it could be opened. Then she took two
cuffs and snapped them shut onto my upper arms near my armpits
they felt very tight and snug. Then wrist cuffs then a pair for
my thighs which were quite snug. Then a pair for my ankles. I
thought she was done but then she took out what I could only
describe as a metal bra with four chains hanging down from it. I
told her I didn't want to wear it but she said I had to. She
promised me that it would be fun and comfortable I was skeptical
but I didn't really have a choice she said that it had coasted a
lot and couldn't be sent back. So I agreed to wear it just for
her. She wrapped it around my back and locked it together in
front then she locked the two front chains from the collar to the
two cups and the two rear chains to the rear strap of the bra.
Then she locked a one inch chain between each upper arm cuff and
the bra strap. Then she clipped my two wrist cuffs together
behind my back (they just snapped together I am not sure how) and
lied me down on my bed. She told me she was going to masturbate
me by sucking and licking my penis. Let me tell you that to this
day it was one of the best orgasms of my life.

Once she was done she stood me up put in a gag and wiped me off
with a towel. She didn't uncuff me. She took a band about two and
a half inches wide with two chains one on each side and locked it
around my waist and locked each of the four chains coming down
from my bra to the waist band. Then she took the two chains and
locked them to the thigh cuffs. Then she took a funny looking
metal thing and told me that it was a butt plug she bent me over
the foot of the bed and then rubbed some cold stuff onto and into
my butt hole I was in shock and didn't know what to say not that
I could say anything anyway. Then she slid it in it almost hurt
but didn't once it was in I tried to push it out but couldn't.
Then she stood me up and took a metal tube about one inch in
diameter with another much thinner tube inside of it and a short
rubber tube coming out the end. She lubricated the inner tube and
pushed it into my penis and then slid the outer tube over and
around my soft penis. It kinda hurt but that went away
quickly.She then connected the rubber tube coming out the end to
my butt plug. Then she took a curved metal plate with two chains
coming out of one end and clipped it to the front of the
waistband and then to the tube over my penis. Then she locked the
two chains to the back of my belt. Then she attached another
curved plate over the butt plug. Finally she locked the two thigh
cuffs together with a two inch chain.

She unattached my wrists from each other and attached them to the
sides of my belt then lay me down in bed and attached my ankles
together.



