Come on, baby.......let's die a little.


I have been lying in my bed all day, and my body is aching. I just need to be touched, stroked, or maybe far more than either. I haven't had sex in months, although I got really drunk at the bar and blew a stranger in the parking lot. Couldn't even enjoy it. Life pushes me along and doesn't even let me pause to get a big dick in my pussy. I crave it. I need it now. I figure, maybe tonight, a stranger will come (pun soooo intended). I'll have a few drinks, but only enough to get a good buzz. Wet my lips, grab his cock, and suck it hard. Oh God. I want it so bad. I'm watching a lame ass porn flick that isn't helping. I just wanna be fucked, licked, sucked, swallowed, teased...fuck it....I just need raped.


I was seeing a man not too long ago. He was a lawyer for a powerful firm. Too bad....power is all in his work, not play. I will admit, he was a good eater. I loved the way he worked his tongue on my clit. It was almost enough to keep him around. Almost. I needed something more. I need a man to love me and make me hurt. Is that so much to ask for?


When I was 18, fresh out of high school, I met a man who was in his early twenties. Handsome. Tall, tan, blond hair blue eyes. His name was Phillip. I remember it because I loved to make his name sound exotic. He gave me everything. His heart and soul. His body. He was an incredible lover. He literally made me cry on numerous occasions. I wanted it to last. He died the day after my 20th birthday.


When I turned 21, I met a girl. It wasn't my intention. She walked up to me and we made small talk. Her brown eyes and dark complexion. Long dark hair. She made me wet in my pants. And it was all in her voice. We drank heavily, touched each other and made love all night. We dated for a few weeks, then she left me. I missed her. I was lonely.


There was a man who I slept with one night. He was the ultimate lover. He sucked, fucked, abused, and pleasured me every way possible. His name was Bo. I don't think it was his real name though. But he could be whatever he wanted. He was a good fuck. I didn't love him. But, I loved his cock. He provided me with everything I needed. He treated me like his girl, and we weren't even dating. Friends with benefits. And, I liked it. Mmmmm, just thinking about his 9 inch cock makes my pussy wet. Oh God, I need a dick right now. Someone please help me.


(2)


Last night I did it. I went out to the club and sat at the table furthest from the bar stand, in the corner. I had a few drinks. Beers, Jack and Coke, a shot of Tequila. My aim was to get trashed and lower any guard I had and any inhibitions. While i was feeling rather sloshed, I noticed a young man who looked to be in his early twenties, maybe a fresh legal age to drink. He kept looking at me, and he didn't exactly look me in the face. When he saw me look back at him though, he turned away embarrassed I had caught him.

"Oh, I don't think so buddy." I thought to myself.

I smiled at him the next chance I got, as he saw me and tried to turn away. I giggled and he looked at me directly this time. I nodded to him towards the exit door, and I got up and walked away, outside and around the corner. I didn't have to wait long as he walked out the door looking in every direction trying to spot me. When he did, he walked towards me. I slid further into the dark and lifted my leg up onto a crate and lifted my skirt to display my clean shaved wet pussy to him. He looked hungrily at me. 

"You want me?" He asked in a shy but daring voice.

"Shut the fuck up and fuck me!" I exploded feeling hornier than ever.

He came closer, dropped his pants to the ground and grabbed onto his cock. "Yummy." He jerked on it and then stuck it inside me like a cheap whore. It felt so good. Mmmm, and poor him....he unloaded a round of cum inside my pussy.

"Well, we'll just have to fix that won't we?" I said.

"Y-y-yeah...."

"I said shut the fuck up." Interrupting him as he tried to speak.

His eyes got wide, and his dick went limp.

"Oh no, let me help you." I knelt down, finger fucking my cunt as I started licking the tip of his cock. Oh, it got hard real quick. The taste of cum left dribbling on his dick mixed with my juices tasted delightful and made me cream again and again. Yum.

He moaned as I stuffed every inch of his thick shaft into my mouth, choking and swallowing it making his eyes roll back into his skull.

"Is it good baby?" I asked.

He didn't speak. But he smiled at me.

"Good boy."

His hands became fists and he beat on the bricks of the walls behind him. He pulled back and shot his load onto my face. I licked my lips tasting the jizz that landed.

"Now, you must be a good boy and clean up your mess, or you wont get dessert." 
I demanded.

He leaned over towards my face and licked his cum off with no problems or pause.

"Do you want your dessert?" I asked him seductively. He smiled and nodded yes.

I leaned back onto the wall, and pushed his head down and into my hot snatch. Burying him deep and making him suck and lick me. "Oh yeah baby! Eat my pussy."

His cock in his hand, he jerked himself off and was gonna shoot his load, but I smacked it, then made him stick it inside me. His hot sperm filled me up, and I was very pleased.

A noise came from behind the dumpster, and we both turned to see what it was. A filthy man, who was probably sleeping there was staring at us. I wondered if he saw the whole thing.

"Hey!" I called out. "Did you get a good show from us?"

He wiped his lips and messed with his beard. I promised him a good time as well, but first, cleanup, showers and drinks.


(3)


As promised, I walked into my house with two complete strangers. I dropped my keys on the counter. I led the dingy man to a shower just down the hall. The other man I had fucking me first, I made him sit on a chair. He was going to watch this time. First thing's first. I will shower too. I walked into the master bath and undressed, running the shower and cleaning my body off. The hot water made my body tingle and I thought of dirty things that may or may not happen.

After I finished, I stepped out of the shower. I dried my hair and wrapped a towel around it. Before I walked out, I put on my silk robe. Opening the door, a cool breeze tackled my exposed legs. At first it was just cold, but the air touched my still wet mound. I cooed as I continued to walk into the living room. I sat talking to the young gentleman about nothing in particular. He only seemed too eager to watch me screw the other one.

As I continued to listen to blah, blah, blah.... the greasy, bearded man returned with a towel still wrapped around him. He wasn't dirty any longer. Furthermore, he had no beard either. His hair straight and brown, and his eyes deep. I couldn't help but notice the tent rising at the crotch. I got up and grabbed his arm, pulling him into my room and throwing him on my bed. The young prick followed, and sat by the wall in an old chair I kept for looks. He dropped his pants and grabbed his dick, as I disrobed and pulled the towel from my new partner.

I was shocked to see that the cock in front of me was huge. I would guess 9 1/2 inches. I wouldn't know for sure. I made him keep quiet. I didn't waste no time, and forced his long, thick erection deep inside my juicy hole. He was almost delicate with me, but I was feeling nasty and wanted more. I grabbed his hips and brought him down into me pumping my cunt raw as my mound turned red from contact. My cunt felt like it was about to split down the middle as he rammed his long cock into me. I moaned, and cried in pain. It was making my pussy shake, and I released what felt like gallons of cum from my sopping hole.

As I was being filled with the biggest, hardest cock I have ever had, the young man sitting in the chair stroked his meat, jerking himself off as he eyed my pussy. It made me so hot. My lover pounding me harder and harder, sucked on my tits, and licked my nipples making them poke out erect. As he did so, he thrust hard inside me, still sucking on my nipples as he shot a large, hot load of man juice into me. I never felt so hot, and worn out at the same time. I was filled with so much cum that it was leaking out of my body.

I lay back onto the bed, and thought to myself, "What a dirty whore I must be." I knew what I have done. I couldn't wait to do it again.

