Doubling the fun with twins.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Game, Chapter 9 (mfF+, bi, mc, nc, oral, impreg?)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

After filling up Sheena's athletic body with my sperm for most of the week, she came up to me while I was sitting in the lunchroom at school and then plopped her tight butt right in my lap.

"Hey, lover..." she crooned as she wrapped her arms around my neck.

I stared up at her. How was this happening? The Master Console scripts commanded my targets to forget about what they did after we were done.

"Sheena, what the hell are you doing?"

I looked over at her friend Darcie, who was standing there, aghast.

The blonde cheerleader looked down at me, confused. She quickly jumped back to her feet and looked around. Lots of people were staring now. "Um, as if!" she called out. "In your dreams, Victor McCullough!" Then she gave an uncertain laugh and strode away. Some people around us also laughed, presumably at the absurd thought of her and me together, before turning back to their lunch.

While Sheena had covered pretty well, I was sure that she hadn't planned any of what she had just done. I quickly left my half-eaten lunch and called Trent.

"Huh...so how much have you been tweaking the scripts, Victor?" he asked.

"Um...I increased their bodily sensitivity and made them more talkative...you know, sexy talk."

I heard Trent hum as he thought. "I never really needed the scripts to do more than the basics of getting the women hot, naked, and compliant. Well, other than when I was sending women your way after you hacked my phone. Except for your sister, they were all one-offs. Maybe you made the commands too complex, and with repeated use it spilled out of that girl's subconscious? Kinda like the 'tunnel vision' problem when they're fighting the commands."

"Maybe."

He sighed. "I'd suggest returning to the original scripts, and spreading out your targets; we know that works. It's not worth the extra fun if it puts the Master Console in jeopardy, okay, Victor?"

"...yeah...fuck. Thanks, Trent."

---

*Can we talk?* Lily texted me. It had been about a week since we had last spoken.

*Not through text* I sent back. I was paranoid about sending any info about the Master Console over text messaging. Well, other than through SpiritWalk's hidden and encrypted chat feature, but Lily didn't play the game.

We met at the park and sat down on a bench. I looked over at her, uncertain. The last time I saw her, she had punched me in the face.

"I'm...horny," she revealed.

I blinked at her.

The pretty blonde looked around, uncertain. "I'm sorry, okay? I was mad about Tabby, but what we've got going is more important, don't you agree?"

I took a moment to think. "What I have is mine. There's no 'we' here, Lily."

Her eyes flashed, but then her face softened and she lowered her eyes as she considered. "I...I know you like me..."

I sat forward, interested. "Yes?"

"Don't you like it when we have threesomes? I know I make you hot."

I sat back. "Hmm..."

"Maybe...maybe I could get naked for the next one? By way of apology?" She looked at me with her big green-blue eyes.

"Naked every time," I countered.

"Okay!"

We headed back to my place to plan out the next week, Lily tapping on her phone as we walked. I could hear some chiming sounds from it.

"What're you playing?"

Lily looked up. "Gummy Crash."

I frowned. "A color match game?"

"Yeah, got into this after we 'broke up', I was so bored..." She turned back to it.

---

After Lily and I got back together, or whatever the hell you'd call it for patching up our weird relationship, I made sure to leave her fellow cheerleaders alone.

I got smarter, using a combination of the Master Console and the game's chat feature to scout our targets before 'sealing the deal'. This avoided scenarios where a sibling or friend could cause problems, as had almost happened with Sheena's friend Darcie. The bug in the program that caused the subjects to ignore other people only occurred when they were being commanded to do things their minds would fight, and answering a few questions didn't trigger that.

Using this method, we were able to determine that Lily's next door neighbors were away for the weekend, and they were trusting their 18-year-old twin daughters (both of whom played the game) enough to take care of themselves. I sent my commands and we showed up at their door a few minutes later. A few minutes after that, the tall, willowy redheads were naked, one gobbling up my dick while the other munched on Lily's box. I made sure that the script included everyone present, so we had a nice foursome going. As per the deal, Lily was naked, and despite the sexy twins with their C-cup breasts, I kept glancing over at the girl who was my friend but not my girlfriend. She noticed and blew me a kiss.

"Bend over the side of the couch," I urged May, or was it Maxine? I really couldn't tell the pale-skinned girls apart, other than the one I was with had her crotch shaved bare while the other had a small 'landing strip' of red. With this position, I could see Lily and the other twin from the side as I slotted my cock between this girl's wet pussy lips. She moaned as I slid half of my length inside her but she didn't cum...as Trent had suggested, I had returned to the regular script, so her body was at normal sensitivity. I pulled back a little and then pushed in hard. Thankfully, she wasn't a virgin, so I was buried deep inside her in no time.

"So why these two?" I asked Lily. Not that I was complaining, but Max and May had been first on her list when we 'got back together'.

"Uhh...these rich bitches get all the nice things. Did you know that they got brand new, nearly matching cars when they turned eighteen? Ohh, right there, Max..."

Ah, so it was May I was fucking. I reached around to grab a hold of her teardrop-shaped breasts as I thrust into her. I felt her pussy contract on my dick as I tweaked her wide nipples. "That's it?" I prompted Lily.

"Mmm, no...I really hate how alike they are, don't you? Same hairstyle and clothes...other than their pubes, you really can't tell them apart. They even act like each other. Hmm...hey, get up here..." She pulled Maxine's head up to hers and gave her a kiss before whispering something in the girl's ear. Max whispered something back. "Really?" She turned back to me. "Hey, Victor, can you do me a favor?"

"Huff...huff...favor?" I was getting close.

"Yeah, I need you to cum in May, and only May."

"Why...only...May?" I was hammering into her now.

"So she's the only one that gets knocked up."

"Arrghh!" I felt my balls give up their cargo and I moaned as my seed pelted the entrance to May's unprotected womb. "Fuuuck..."

May gasped as she joined me in orgasm, her insides wringing me of more dangerous sperm.

"Shit...u-hh..." I felt her grasping pussy drag a few more drops from me before I pulled out.

"Also, Victor, we should stay the night," Lily suggested.

---

Using the Master Console, I told one of my few friends to call my Mom to tell her that I was staying over at his place. Then I did the same for Lily with one of her friends.

"Swallow this." Lily handed me an egg-shaped orange pill.

"Um..." I looked from the pill back to her.

"It's like Viagra...their dad had a stash," she explained. "I need you to fill May up as many times as you can tonight. Max says they're both totally fertile right now."

I swallowed the pill down.

"But remember, only cum in May!" she reminded me.

---

After a half-hour or so I was as hard as a rock. I had May ride me on her bed while Max and Lily got into a sixty-nine position next to us with the twin on top.

Despite not being able to see Lily's body, I was intrigued by her cunnilingus technique, dipping her tongue into Max's pussy, licking around her pussy lips, sucking on her clitoris, and then pressing a couple fingers inside while attacking her clit some more. Maybe I could learn something from her, though I honestly didn't have to pleasure women at all thanks to the Master Console.

I turned back to May and mauled her dangling breasts, and was rewarded as her pussy gripped me tighter. It seemed that her breasts were strong pleasure centers and I wondered if Max was the same.

"Yeah, that's it, Max...yeah...yeah...YEAHH!" Lily moaned and arched her back in orgasm.

That was it for me, and I arched my own back as I inseminated May's vulnerable, extremely fertile insides with my second batch of swimmers.

"Ohhh!" she moaned as she came, the Master Console script forcing her to orgasm as I did my best to knock the 18-year-old up. After she vibrated upon me for a good 30 seconds, her mouth agape, she collapsed upon me, breathing heavily, before she slipped off and to the side.

"Mm...mmuh..." Max moaned as Lily attacked her pussy again.

I was still hard, so I clambered on my knees behind Maxine. With their current position, though, this also put my cock and balls right above Lily's face.

"What're you doing?!"

"I wore May out and need to keep fucking," I advised my friend as I turned Max's ass up, revealing her very wet gash, ready for my prong.

"Not like that! You gotta...ohh, just bring it here..." Lily grabbed my dick and pulled it into her mouth.

I gasped, "Uh?"

Lily sucked, pulling my entire length into her hot mouth. I could feel her tongue swirl over the tip. Despite just cumming, I almost did again. Then my cock was free once more, its wetness cooling in the air.

"You still had sperm on your dick, so I had to clean it off," she informed me. "Remember, no swimmers in Max! When you're ready to cum, you put all those bad boys in May where they belong."

My still-hard cock easily slipped inside Max's hot insides. I heard her grunt, or maybe squeal, into Lily's pussy as she continued licking.

"This is the weirdest view," Lily commented, and I realized that she was looking up at my ballsack. "I should move, but...unh...damn, Max is good with that tongue...maybe I'll just..."

I felt some movement near where I was joined with Maxine and angled my head to see. Lily was manipulating the twin's clitoris while I was fucking her. After a minute or so, I felt Max's insides grip me and she cried out between Lily's legs as she came hard. I had just cum, so I could keep on thrusting without fear of filling her up with my third batch of sperm and pissing Lily off.

Lily kept talking, "Look at those nuts, so full of dangerous seed. I can't wait to see May's body changing while Max stays the same...first her boobs'll grow, and then her butt, maybe...I'll be able to tell them apart by that point, but then May's stomach will start getting bigger...oh God damn I hope that happens before they head off to college..."

I know that I said I was in no danger of cumming again, but Lily's sexy talk of pregnancy was really getting to me.

"Oh! Your scrote -- that's so weird, Victor! -- it just squinched up. Oh shit, are you gonna cum?"

"Um...I think..." I was ramming into Max fast now.

"Pull out! Get back inside May!"

Then Lily pushed Max's body forward, away from me, and I was thrusting into thin air. "Uh?"

"Get back in there..." Lily sat up and grabbed my turgid member, using it to pull me back toward the other twin.

The only problem was, I was already extremely close to cumming, and Lily's warm hand gripping me set me off. "UHH!" I grunted, and my first spurt striped Lily's stomach.

"Shit!" Lily yanked me over between May's splayed legs, but not before another spurt of my semen hit Lily's upper thigh.

When I saw May's spermy vag in front of me, instinct took over and I rammed my still-cumming cock inside her, adding the last of my third load to the first two. Her eyes flew open and the 'insemination orgasm' part of the script kicked in, making her cry out and cum again as she felt me throb inside her once more. Then I collapsed upon her.

"Goddamnit, Victor...hey, Max, come lick this shit off."

I looked over as Max tongued my sperm from Lily's toned leg before moving up and continuing the tongue bath on her firm stomach. Then the redhead climbed up further and kissed Lily, and I realized that my friend was probably getting some of my sperm in her mouth from that kiss. My cock twitched at that thought, but I was so tired...

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)