More playing of games, and not all of them on the computer.

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Nancy, Chapter 5 (MF, cons, oral, parody, F-solo)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

That night, Nancy joined Del in his suite to play more Dragon Era. This time, she wore dark blue leggings and a long t-shirt, and brought a couple of vodka coolers. She plopped the bottles on his desk. "You want one?"

"I'm not old enough for a couple years."

She pulled a chair up. "I don't see any cops here, and I'm no narc. C'mon, I don't wanna drink alone." She popped the top of one bottle and held it out to him.

"Okay." He took the translucent pale yellow cooler and took a swig. It was tart, sweet, and lemony. "Mm!"

She took a swig of her own. "Okay, where'd we leave off?"

---

As before, Nancy got way too close and her hand made its way to Del's thigh as she focused on the game. As before, his cock got hard from the stimulation. However, unlike the previous night, he was wearing sweatpants instead of jeans, so the bulge was even more noticeable.

Nancy grabbed her cooler with her free hand and finished it off. Del's was still only half full, so he took another gulp.

"So can we fuck Alain?" she asked him.

"Eventually," he responded. "We can flirt with him for now, but we'll have to help him with his personal quest before we can jump him."

"What about the big guy?"

"Stonn? I don't think we can have sex with him."

"It's probably best," she said. "Can you imagine how huge his dick must be, and us being just a cute little Dwarf?"

He snickered. "Ha! Yeah, I..."

Nancy's hand had moved to his erection and stopped. He knew that she had to be aware of where it was...there was no way that she wouldn't feel his fully erect cock as it throbbed under her palm.

"Keep playing," she urged him.

He grabbed his cooler and, with a couple big gulps, finished it. Then he returned to the game, breathing erratically.

In the game, they went and talked to Mordayn, the witch. "She's kind of a bitch, huh?" Nancy asked. "Remind you of anyone?"

"Um..."

"What do you really think about Helena, Del?" Nancy's fingers caressed his cock through his pants and he gasped.

"She's, uh, she's cute?"

Her fingers kept moving, making his cock twitch. "Cuter than her mom?"

Del was still having trouble controlling his breathing. "Um...um...just different, I guess?"

"If you had a choice, which of us three would you fuck?" One of her hands pulled his waistband open, and the other slipped inside his underwear.

"Ohh, Nancy..." The game was forgotten.

She grasped his sizable member and stroked it as well as she could within the confines of his clothing. "You said I was the most beautiful woman you've met. Is it me?"

"Ugh...ohh...but you're married..."

She moved her mouth to his ear. "Not what I asked, Del. Would you put this beast into that little cock tease Helena, her skank mother, or..." Her hand moved faster along his shaft, "...into my soft, warm body?"

He turned to her. "You," he breathed, and moved his lips to hers.

As her tongue speared between his lips, he moaned and grunted. She felt his member throb in her hand, and then his hot cum was ricocheting within his boxers. She continued to jack him off, and several more spurts of hot, wet semen filled his underwear and covered her hand.

She broke the kiss. "I have to go to bed now. Sweet dreams!" Then she pulled her hand from his pants and ran for the stairs.

"I...g'nite..." he called after her, confused.

She slammed the basement door behind her, pulled her tights down with her free hand, and then did her best to shove as many fingers of her sperm-covered hand into her pussy as she could. As she felt Del's warm cum being pressed inside her, she came hard and dropped to her knees, doing her best to stifle her cries of ecstasy. She fell onto her back, her body reflexively moving into the 'bridge' yoga pose, her feet on the floor and her pelvis thrust up as she slipped as much of the young man's sperm into her overheated body as she could, cumming continuously. "Nng! Mmmhh!" she gasped.

Finally, she dropped back to the floor, falling naturally into the 'corpse' pose. Her hand, now clean of Del's virile sperm, flopped beside her shaking body. Her period was due any day now, she knew, so this crazy, headstrong moment wouldn't have an unintended, lifelong biological consequence that would destroy her marriage.

But what about after her period? she wondered.

---

"Coffee?"

Del stepped carefully into the kitchen the next morning. "Please," he responded, watching Nancy's back as she made the hot beverage for him. Today she was wearing a pretty blouse and slacks that nicely cradled her shapely butt.

She handed him the steaming mug and paused. Upon catching him staring at her, she gave him an uncertain grin. "What?"

"Nothing," he answered after a few seconds. "Thanks." If she wasn't going to mention what happened last night, he figured, then he wasn't going to make things uncomfortable.

At school, he kept finding his mind wandering back to the previous night. Melanie hung around during lunch, but she seemed put off by how distracted he was and left.

---

"You, um, wanna play more Dragon Era?" he asked as he helped Nancy with the dinner dishes.

"Yeah!" she replied. "When are we gonna meet the other characters we can sleep with?"

"One soon. The other's later, depending on where we go."

She took a dish from him and wiped it with the towel. "You want me to bring coolers again?"

He continued washing. "No, you're intoxicating enough."

She gave him a shove on the shoulder. "Oh, Del! And you said you weren't good with women."

He flushed. Yeah, he agreed in his head, Nancy was so easy to just hang out and talk with.

"Your chairs down there are a little uncomfortable after a while," she said. "Is there any way to put the game on the TV up here?"

---

Del was able to hook his laptop up to the TV in the living room, and with some screen mirroring from his gaming PC over the network, plus the use of his extra wireless keyboard and mouse, he was set up.

"Ahh, much better!" Nancy plopped herself down on the couch next to him, on his left side again, so she wouldn't interfere with his mouse hand.

Del gulped. She had changed into a long t-shirt again, but this time without tights. She tucked her bare, shapely legs under her and leaned her head on his shoulder as they played. Soon, her hand made its way back to his thigh. He had made sure to wear sweatpants again, freshly laundered.

They had barely started playing when she pulled the band of his sweatpants forward and fished his hard cock out. He tried to keep playing, but she took his member in hand and started to stroke it.

Nancy's pussy was very wet now. She had felt his size before, but now she could both see and feel it, and it was amazing. "Have you measured this thing?" she asked as she wanked him.

"Err...no..."

She bent down. "Damn...gotta be eight inches. You're gonna make some woman happy one day."

Del wondered about that. He wanted to make HER happy. What was she meaning, some woman?

Since she was already down there, Nancy just decided to take his cock into her mouth. Del gasped and dropped the keyboard to the floor. Onscreen, hellspawn murdered their character, very slowly, since they were on easy difficulty. Neither of them noticed.

Del had thought that Nancy's hand had been amazing...it was nothing compared to her warm, wet mouth! But it was too stimulating...

"Uh, Nancy, I'm gonna...ohh..."

She shoved her head down, taking most of him into her mouth as he came. Her hand slipped below her shirt and into her panties, furiously frigging her clit as she swallowed his hot cum.

"Ohh! Ahuhh!" Del groaned as spurt after spurt of his seed filled Nancy's mouth. Finally, he was spent, and lay back. "Ohh..."

She stopped playing with herself, suddenly feeling self-conscious as she gulped down his spend. Kind of salty, but a nicer taste than her husband's, she decided. She tucked Del's shrinking penis back into his pants.

"Huhh...huhh..." Del huffed.

"Oh, we died!"

Del glanced at Nancy, confused, and then at the screen where she was looking. "Oh..." He grabbed the keyboard and reloaded their last save.

He turned to her. "Sooo..."

She seemed to be purposely not looking at him. "Keep playing," she directed him, her face red.

After a bit more gameplay, she sidled into his arm again. His nose caught the musky scent of her vagina, recognizable from the night that he had accidentally cum all over her, and that had been on the very couch they were sitting on.

"You...again?" she whispered.

Del looked at her. Her sight was focused on his lap, where his cock had once again risen to full prominence.

Nancy's nipples were incredibly hard. Her pussy was throbbing with need, as she had been unable to cum earlier. She pushed the keyboard to the floor, grabbed Del's sweatpants, directed him to lift his butt, and yanked them down. Then she climbed astride his lap.

"Nancy?"

"Shh," she shushed him, and reached down to direct the head of his cock under her t-shirt. She was able to situate her panty-covered pussy lips on top of his sizable shaft, and began sliding back and forth along it.

Del had never felt anything like it. He was pretty sure that they weren't having sex, but the fabric of her panties sliding along the top of his cock shaft was incredibly stimulating, especially after his previous orgasm. "Oh my God..." he moaned.

Nancy knew they couldn't have sex. She was a married woman! She was also a horny woman, very much in need of her own orgasm. She felt Del's hands tentatively feeling up her braless breasts through her t-shirt. "Careful," she advised him, "they're really sensitive right now."

"Can I...?"

She felt his hands move down and tug at the bottom of her shirt. She nodded, and he pulled it up, above her breasts, before his hands returned to them. Her shirt kept falling back down, so she just pulled it off entirely. She was now wearing only her panties, that small bit of fabric the only thing protecting her incredibly slick pussy as it slid along Del's cock shaft while he gingerly groped her sizable mammaries.

When his mouth moved forward to take one of her nipples into his mouth, she gasped and reached down. She rose up a little, pulled the front of her panties down, and then angled his cock to slide between the fabric and her body. As she started sliding forward and back again, the top of the shaft of his hot, firm cock nestled itself directly between her puffy pussy lips. He's not inside me, she reasoned, so this isn't cheating. God, this feels so good...

Del moved to lick and suck at her other nipple, and she moved faster upon him. The flare of his cock head was bumping her prominent clitoris as she pushed forward, and she was close. "Yes...yes..." she moaned.

"Unhh!" Del grunted into her breast, and she felt his cock throb between her engorged labia, followed by the feeling of his hot cum bursting into the fabric of her panties. She had worn more protective underwear that night, instead of her usual mesh panties, expecting that it would be necessary if her period arrived. This caused the entirety of his ejaculation to be constrained within her undergarment as she continued to slide along his cock. She felt a spurt shoot back and up along her perineum and ass, and then as she pushed forward, a stray shot hit the bottom of her panties and bounced up, straight between her wide-open vaginal lips. She pulled back, and the next shot blasted her overstimulated clit with warm seed.

"Mmauhh!" she cried out in orgasm, and she mashed her pussy down onto his cock, trapping the head awkwardly between her pussy lips as it fired its last couple volleys of teen seed directly inside her. "Ohhh..." Her vagina pulsed with pleasure as it sucked that small amount of the young man's cum deeper inside her. She grabbed his face and gave him a smoldering kiss as she shuddered from the last of her pent-up release.

Giggling, she pulled off of him and felt her panties snap back into place, securing his warm load as it pressed up against her sex.

"Oh shit! Did I hurt you?"

Nancy looked down. The head of Del's cock had a smear of red mixed with the white liquid dripping off of it. She sighed, relieved but also disgusted. "Ugh, my period arrived."

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)