Title:  Bulk Purchase
Author:  bobwhite
Summary:  Adult boutique owners  Tim and Janice get more than just a
bargain when they get their first large shipment from the Lilith
Collection.
Keywords:  MC MD MF FF FT GR

Bulk Purchase
by bobwhite

                          * * * * * * * * * *

*Author's note:  This story started life as a quick flash that I was
going to post to the forums.  But it was too much fun to write, and it
simply exploded into what you see here when I started proofreading it.
Thanks to William Pratt for some good advice, and to Abe Froman for
making this kind of thing look easy with Megan's New Clothes, one of
the best FT stories in the archive in my opinion.*

                          * * * * * * * * * *

"Tim, do I have to put all this on in the living room?" my wife asked.

"Yes. I want to see how it looks on you, and our bedroom is too
cluttered with the boxes all this came in.  Besides, nobody else is
here, and the door is locked. Don't worry. I'm trying on my part of
the
outfit," I said, looking at the studded wristband that was labeled
"For Master."

"Besides," I added, "someone might ask me how nice it looks, and I
don't want to lie. People trust their porn dealer to be honest. At
least I'm not taking pictures, like you did of me in those pants...
and shirt... and hood... and harness... need I go on?"

"No pictures, I don't even have panties or a bra on! Anyway, I still
can't believe they call this the 'sampler,' there's a dozen cases
of... stuff!" my wife said as she finished getting "dressed."

The stockings and leather garter belt were already on, and the
matching shoes, too. The shiny, black leather corset had been
something of a challenge at first, but as I laced it up for her, it
went on easier and easier--as if her body were being molded into it.
And I had to admit that I'd never seen her legs or waist look quite as
good--*no, fucking god-damn hot--*as they did when she put on the hose
and garters. The matching heels made her feet look good enough to
worship.

"Look, I'll just take all the others down to the back of the store,
where we keep all the other perv stuff, and we'll eventually sell
them," I said, enjoying the effect the corset had on her breasts,
which looked much bigger than normal thanks to how it was elevating
them. "Besides, we saved a bundle not buying just a few... hell, I
didn't even see where we could buy just a few."

"You know, just because we run an adult boutique doesn't mean we have
to buy fetish gear in bulk... and some day you need to explain exactly
where the line is between perv and non-perv in our store. Hey look,
there's a note," my wife said, pointing to a piece of paper in the box
with the chokers. "Oooh, these chokers are nice... I bet if you took
out the ring and put on a charm, you could probably wear it around all
the time," she added as I grabbed the note.  "What does it say?"

"It says, 'Your wife totally loves losing a bet and having to dress up
for bed according to your wishes, for a night of complete servitude,'"
I answered, laughing.

She giggled at that and said, "Stop it. Everyone thought Detroit would
win. You won, I'm in this outfit for the night, and I'm sooooooooo
yours. Seriously, what does it say?"

"It says I should tell my customers to start with the choker if their
subs hesitate to put on the rest of the outfit, especially if they're
tree-huggers who won't wear leather. It says, 'make her put on the
collar first, and she won't object to anything else.' There's a
guarantee that the Dom whose slave wears the choker will stay aroused
as long as he or she wants." I laughed again and added, "Well, you
gotta love these manufacturers and their promises."

My wife laughed along with me as she closed the clasp on the choker
and said, "Oh, come on, we've sold this kind of stuff for years,
there's nothing unusual about those claims."

I said, "Hey, that choker *does* look great on you--you should wear it
all the time.  Hey, wait--your sister hates leather, the PETA-freak,
and I think her roommate does too.  Let's put it to the test. Get them
to wear the chokers and bring 'em both here tomorrow, naked--all of
you naked on the front porch and knocking on the door to be let in.
For proper research, we should make sure they don't object to... oh,
craving all... twelve inches... of my cock."

"Stop it. Listen, mister, you married me, so she's practically your
sister too. Hands off. Besides, I don't think she'd be interested in
you, seeing as how you don't have a vagina... or for that matter, a
foot-long wiener," she said, laughing and putting on a sexy smile.
"OK, your little leather slave is ready to serve you, Master," she
said in play-submissiveness.

"So, it's role play tonight, eh? Well, I was going to let you off easy
and just enjoy how good this looks on you, but as you wish... OK,
kneel, and walk to me on your knees. Oh, and play with those tits."

"Oh, so you think you're... hey... wait...," she said as she knelt,
and made her way to me while pinching her nipples. "What the... hey,
honey, something's wrong... I can't stop... doing what you told
me...."

*So she does want to play... well, I'm game*. "Suuuuuure, you can't
stop. Just for that, lick two fingers and play with your pussy while
you come here."

She did exactly what I said, but after a few moments she shouted,
"Snarf! Snarf! Honey, Snarf!!"

*The safeword, already, before the cat o' nine tails comes out?*
"Stop." She did. "What the hell, the safeword before we even do
anything?  You're the one who wanted to play, you know."

"Sorry... I couldn't stop and I was scared," she said, looking
confused and a little worried, but clearly trying to shrug it off.

*What the hell* , I thought. *Scared at some stuff we do all the time?
*"Janice, come on, it's just a playful command and we do it all the
time. No more safeword when I just tell you to do something, let's
save that for the discipline like we always do, OK? If I tell you to
do something you don't want to do, just say so. And then do it
anyway!" I said, laughing a little at her silliness.

" Yes... yes alright, of course, that's fine... I just don't think...
I don't think I... I just have to do whatever you say, no matter how
humiliating... it's hard to explain, but I just... I just *had*
to...."

*I'll ask her to do something she'd * never *do, that'll pull her back
a little so we can both have fun*. "Yeah, right. Now... get on your
knees and get that ass in the air... put the side of your head on the
floor so you can look at me while you finger your pussy and asshole."
*She never even lets me... wait, what's she... oh my god....*

"No!! Tim, I don't want to play anymore! Don't make me do this!!" she
screamed as she obeyed my command. *She's obviously into what I'm
"making" her do. She must be begging me to stop making her do this to
turn me on... mission accomplished.*

"Oh, so you don't really want to do this, huh? Well, I'm thinking that
would do anything, *anything*, to keep me giving you these commands.
The more humiliating, the better you like it," I told her. "I'll let
you use two fingers in your pussy. And go faster... and have an orgasm
already! You ought to be begging for one, but what the hell, you
deserve one... now."  I started to chuckle, wondering if she would
play along with *that*.

"But I-yi-yeeee mmmmmmm ungh!" she screamed, faking an orgasm... and
almost convincing me it was real. She was panting and trembling, but
her hands didn't stop working her sex. "I don't know how I know, b-but
I have to d-do whatever... whatever... you... say.... please make
me... please, I'm ready, make me...."

"Cum?" I asked. *What the fuck?* More screams came moments after I
said the word.

"Something... not right... I... something is making me... obey,
making.... me...." she said, barely able to talk as her sex juices
dripped from her busy fingers. "I know... no sense, it's crazy...
please... please...."

"Now, that'll be enough of that," I said, and she stopped. "Stand up
and tell me whats going on." *Let's see if she can come up with
something as good as those fake orgasms... boy, she's taking this
pretty far....*

She stood, arms to her side, and as calmly as she could, she said,
"I'm yours, mind, body, and soul. I can't get that phrase out of my
head when you're not making me do something, and the more humiliating
or degrading... the more I like it... I can't explain... I'll do
anything you tell me, I'll think what you want me to think, and my
body is yours to command, play with, mold... at your whim. I... I
don't know how I know... but I know it's... true...."

"Well, not too bad," I responded, getting a little tired of the game.
"But, we've done the whole 'living sex toy' thing before. I don't know
if I'm up for a whole night of playing with you like that. Now if your
tits were bigger, like a *proper* sex toy, then maybe I'd treat you
like one, but--hey, what the FUCK!" I said, my words becoming louder
as her chest started to swell. "S-stop! Stop growing your tits!"  *Did
I just say that??*

"I'm not doing it, you are!" my wife yelled, looking at her chest,
which had more than doubled in size. "Oh my god, they're bigger than
fucking cantaloupes!! Why did you do that?  I told you, my body is
yours... please be careful...."

My cock, already hard from what I'd just seen, twitched at the
implications, and then it hit me: this was some weird dream. *Tits
don't just grow because I want them to... heh they say if you know
you're dreaming you can control it... let's see how far I can take it
before I wake up*, I thought. "Yeah, what the hell indeed. Watermelon-
sized would be better, nice and firm but jiggly, and no need for a
bra... and no back pain, after all, that's only fair, right?"

"Aaaaaaagh!" she screamed, her hands seemingly trying to contain her
magnificent breasts as they expanded to the size of two medium-sized
watermelons. "For fuck's sake, Tim, stop it! No more, please!! Shit,
how is this... what the... how am I going to go to work?  What am I
going to tell people?  Dammit, change me back!"

*Holy shit, holy shit! You * can* control dreams!  Might as well enjoy
it while it lasts. *"Well," I said, "I don't know about that... But
let's finish turning you into a proper sex toy, shall we? I want your
asshole to be as slippery as your pussy is, some kind of natural
lubrication... and no pubic hair. In fact, no hair follicles at all
below the neck." I watched as her pubes vanished into little wisps of
smoke.

"Honey?? Stop it! I'm not a sex toy, I'm your wife!!"

"You're my *little leather slave*, though not so little on top," I
said, pointing to her breasts.  "And you love playing with and
pinching your nipples since they're hard all the time... that alone
can make you cum, but right now you can't cum." She complied, and in a
few minutes was begging me for release. "Let's make them as sensitive
as your clit."

The sounds she started making at that point were indescribably hot. I
was more than ready for some action by this point.  "Do you want to
cum?"

"Yes... let me... please let me cum... please... then let me out of
this outfit... have to go... see a doctor, something is...."

*Weird, didn't expect her to go there, but oh well.*  "Oh, you don't
want that outfit off, then you wouldn't be my little leather slave and
you'd miss out on all the fun!" I said, taking off my pants. "But
you're really getting off on me making you do this stuff, aren't you?
Hell yeah you are. You *love* the humiliation, don't you?"

"H-honey...."

"That's Master."

"Master... please, please make me cum! I'll do anything!"

I approached her and, in as authoritative a voice as I could muster in
a dream, I commanded, "Kneel. You need my cock in all your holes right
now, don't you?  But you have to wait till I decide to fuck you, or to
make you suck me off."

Her expression changed a little and she looked at my crotch, seemingly
unable to look away from it.  "Yessssss.... I love it, I love being
forced to do all this, I really do... but it's so... please... fuck,
all I can think of is... please, please give me your... your...."

"If you want my cock, then suck it," I said. "Since I can change your
body and make you do whatever I want, and you like it so much when I
do, I think you'll find you can deep-throat a twelve-inch cock with no
problem," I added, finally accepting that this was the hottest damn
dream anyone on Earth had ever had, if for no other reason than the
fact that I *wasn't* waking up right before the fun part. I tried to
grow my cock, but it didn't work. *Typical. I guess you can't control
*everything* in your dreams....*

"Mpf ffmf spff....," Janice tried to say. She was finding it quite
difficult to talk, what with her mouth full of my dick.

"Don't try to talk now... damn, you're fucking blowing me away,
baby...," I said, grabbing her hair (which was now longer, black, and
curly) so I could fuck her face a little harder.  "This is fucking
amazing... you're so fucking good at sucking cock! Oh... shit, here it
comes... I'm... I'm going to...," I said, stopping as my orgasm wiped
out my ability to speak momentarily. Somehow, I stayed rock-hard. *Oh
yeah, almost forgot... I can keep it up as long as I want.... *

"Come one, baby, let's get in the bedroom. I'm going to fuck you till
I can't fuck anymore." I walked into the bedroom, and Janice followed.

I pushed the boxes of leather outfits off the bed and my wife hopped
up on the bed and got on all fours, begging me to take her in any of
her bottom holes. I went to her dresser and got the vibe she kept in
the underwear drawer, told her to make sure her ass was as lubed as
her pussy, and even told her that on her minty-smelling rosebud,
opposite her clit, was a new clit, so she'd enjoy the anal more. *And
that brings the clit total to four... just about enough for a decent
sex toy*, I thought. Then, I gave her the vibe.

"Here, you can use this in your mouth or pussy, and it'll be just as
good as my cock. My cock will be occupied," I said, thrusting
effortlessly into her tight, slippery asshole, "elsewhere." And that
was the *least* kinky thing we did before I woke up.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

"Janice! It's so good to see you!" Leah said, hugging her sister
tightly. "Whoa--what are these?" She added, feeling her sister's large
chest. "No wonder you haven't called in a few weeks--when did you get
'em done?  Ah, this is why you had to have lunch with me today, it's
been weeks... love the hair, by the way... but damn, girl! You weren't
too small to begin with, but these... it's unreal! I mean, yeah, I
know they're fake... your body is your body, but why did you go so
big? I never figured Tim to be the kind of guy who wanted... this...."

"Uh, Leah? You're feeling me up. I know you dig the ladies, but c'mon,
I'm your sister!" Janice joked, and Leah dropped her hands. "Yeah, the
tits are new... but it's a long story, and I can't really tell you
now, there... well, it is a *long* story. But, I wanted you to see
something. Tim just got a whole case of leather lingerie...."

"Stop right there," Leah said. "There's no way I'm letting you and
your freaky husband pick my lingerie. That's just weird. And I don't
do leather, you know that. C'mon, let's order some food, I'm
starving."

"Well, it's not real leather," Janice said as they sat down.  She
produced two chokers from her pocket. "Just try this on. It's
synthetic, trust me, and look, I'm wearing one, so you know it's not
some weird piece of fetish bullshit."

"Come on, Janice, I really don't--"

Janice then walked around Leah and positioned it. "Really, just try it
for a second, it feels pretty cool on the skin.  Just sit there, let
me put this on, just for a second...."

"Whatever," Leah said. "I'll try it on. I don't know why it's so
important to you, though."

*Click.*

"Well, the clasp is closed... how does it feel?" Janice asked.

"It feels OK, I guess, I don't know.  Nice, actually, softer than I
thought."  She got a compact mirror out of her purse and raised an
eyebrow.  "It looks pretty good, actually... I don't normally wear
this kind of thing, though. Can I take it off now?"

"No," Leah said.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

I woke up some time late in the morning... I could tell there was
sunlight in the room with my eyes closed, so that meant sometime after
ten or eleven.  I reached over and found the bed to be empty, save for
me. *Oh yeah, Janice probably had some errands to run... hey, it's
Wednesday... that shipment of leather wear should be in today, I
better get down to the store and bring it back here, see what I got*,
I thought.

I opened my eyes, but the sunlight was too bright so I shut them
immediately.  *Well, at least I'll be able to stay up late... St.
Louis just bought me night-long leather slave... have to make the most
of that*, I thought.

Eyes still closed, I sat up, swung my legs off the bed, shook off the
last remnants of sleep, and stood. I rubbed my slightly aching balls a
little, standing still for a few moments and thinking about grandma
reciting baseball statistics in front of a pile of dead puppies being
shoveled by big, hairy men into a Chinese takeout restaurant until my
dick was flaccid enough to piss in the toilet, instead of all over the
wall behind it.

I took a single step and stubbed my pinky toe on a box. It unbalanced
me, and I tumbled forward. After I hit the floor, I turned my head and
saw the label on the box: "The Lilith Collection/Your Wickedest
Desires Come True." There was even a faux-rubber-stamp "Guaranteed"
printed below the main logo.

When I got up from the floor, I noticed the studded wristband on my
arm. "What the fuck?" I said, and I quickly scrambled to a telephone.
I dialed the number for time and temperature, and the phone fell from
my hands when it announced that the day was Thursday.

*Wait* , I think. *What the fuck happened to Wednesday? Not dream
Wednesday, but Wednesday Wednesday!  What the hell is going on? Oh
shit, where is my wife?? Where could... why can't I remember the real
Wednesday? And how did this get on my arm? Is it possible... shit,
come on, of course not... just think...*

I decided to call the store and tell whoever was working that day that
I wouldn't be in later, as I usually was on Thursdays.  She said she'd
work over, so it was cool, but I was more than a little worried about
my memory gap.

I could piece together bits and pieces of what I knew had to have
happened the day before, but the latter part of the evening was
obviously fiction and I was getting frustrated trying to remember
exactly what *had* happened... what we ate for dinner... what we
watched on TV... hell, *anything* after six or seven last night. It
didn't make sense. *Sure, I've blacked out before when I've had way
too much to drink... who hasn't... but when is the last time I forgot
a whole evening? Shit, I didn't even drink!!*

Around four or five in the afternoon, I heard a knock on the door. I
got up and answered it, and there, kneeling on my front porch, was my
wife, her sister, and her sister's girlfriend. They were wearing the
chokers and nothing else.

*Oh my god... no fucking way... I'm not dreaming... Is this a dream?*
I banged my head on the door to wake up, but I was not dreaming...
although I *did* have a headache.

*No, no way... oh shit, those tits are real... what the hell is going
on? Oh hell, what have I done?? *  "Why are you on the porch naked?
Where the hell are your clothes?"  I asked, not able to think of
anything smarter to say. It was all to unreal.

My wife said, "They're in the car, Master."

"What the fuck is going on, Master?" Leah asked. "Wait, why did I call
you Master, Master?"

"Leah, let's get out of here!" Sara, Leah's girlfriend, yelled.
"Something's not right, all I can think about is getting Master's cock
inside me and I'm gay! We need to get out RIGHT NOW before he gives us
what we need--dammit!!"

"Get off the porch, ladies, and come inside," I told them, worried
that someone might see what was going on and call the police.

"Janice... how could you? I'm your sister!" Leah accused, and I walked
up to her. Janice didn't say anything.

"Not a word, either of you!" I told Leah and Sara. "*She *didn't do
anything, *I* did, I think, and it's all a big... misunderstanding....
Janice, what have you done to them?"

"Master, what you told me last night. I brought them to you naked and
made them wait with me on the porch while I knocked on the door. They
really, really want your cock. Don't you remember telling me to do
this?"

"But that... wasn't... I mean, I was kidding... we were role-
playing... wait, that was... wasn't that a dream?"

She looked at me quizzically and said, "Dream?  No, Master.  I hated
betraying my sister... but you made me do it and it feels sooooooooo
delicious to do something I don't want to do... make me do something
else, please... make me fuck my sister, I don't want to do that, it's
so degrading... but if you make me... please... please make me,
please, I obeyed you and brought them here, please...."

"Stop," I told her, and she did. "They're craving... it?"

"Yes, more than anything they have ever craved before," my wife said,
smiling in pride. "I made sure of that, I know it'll make you so
happy. Why don't you... you know... they love doing things for you
too, just like I do... they need the humiliation, just like I do...."

"No," I said, "this is too fucking weird. Too fucking weird. It's not
right.  Either you're fucking with my head...," I started, but when I
saw her tits and bare pubic area, I stopped. "No fucking way, what is
happening... we have to--"

"I was afraid you would feel this way when you woke up, and I have
to... need to... I'll do anything, *anything*, to make sure you keep
giving me commands... humiliating orders, they make me so hot when I
obey... I'm so sorry Master, but... Leah, Sara, get him, now!"

They were on me in an instant. While Sara and Leah held me down,
Janice ran to the bedroom and came back with a choker. I don't know
exactly what happened after that, but I do remember getting up and
suddenly feeling an intense need to really take control of the
situation before it got out of hand.

*What kind of slave attacks her Master? I'd better fuck a little sense
into these girls.*

Looking to Leah, I decided that this breach in Master-slave etiquette
should be dealt with, to my sexual satisfaction. I said, "Kneel in
front of me, and tenderly get to know my dick with your mouth. No
trying to hurt me, either. You simply love my cock and if it's happy,
you are."

She pulled out my dick and started sucking on it. It wasn't a great
blowjob, but then again, she wasn't used to sucking dick, and she had
plenty of time to learn.  I only wished I had let her talk so she
could tell me how much she didn't want to do it.

"Look at how you love making her do this," my wife said. "She loves it
because she has to do it and she would never, ever do it.  You love
making her worship and beg for your twelve inches, if only she could
take it all...."

*I don't have twelve in--what the hell! I can barely get it in her
mouth, what the hell is going on now?* , I thought as I found my dick
growing to the point that Leah could only get her lips a few inches
past the head... and there were many more to go.

Then I smiled. "That's the smartest thing I've ever heard you say,
slave. Just for that, you can cum whenever you want to tonight. Leah?
Stop for a second, I need to lay down," I said. I got on my back on
the living room carpet, and once I was comfortable, I said, "Sixty-
nine, Leah.  No orgasm until I say."

She got on me and started working on my cock again. "Go deeper, Leah,
as you blow me, with each bob of... whoh, damn, you learn quick...
with each bob of your... h-head... you can take a little more... until
you can take the... whole thing...."

As she engulfed more and more of my cock, I looked at the unkempt
pussy above my face. It was clean, but not shaved--barely trimmed was
more like it. *That better get taken care of quick*, I thought, and
before I could even figure out how to word it, her pubes seemingly
vaporized, leaving only a tiny bit of odorless, gray smoke that faded
in a few seconds. *Oh, I don't have to say it? In that case....*

I put two fingers into her self-lubed ass, and tickled her new ass-
clit with my other hand's thumb. Then, I began licking her dewy
petals, paying particular attention to her clit.  Her normal one, that
is. She redoubled her efforts, trying to milk me with her mouth, while
I worked her into a frenzy.

My wife watched the whole time, playing with herself, encouraging me
to keep licking her with my super-long tongue until she was so gone
she couldn't suck me anymore. After a few minutes, my tongue driving
deeper into her cunt than was natural sent her as far over the edge as
I thought she could take.

At that point, I was about a nanosecond from spurting my cum into her
mouth. My wife must have noticed, because she scrambled over and
pushed her sister's face away from my cock, and plunged it into her
mouth so far that my balls were on her chin.

That was all it took. I exploded into her mouth, cumming more than I
thought was possible. I then lifted Leah's orgasm block, and her
climax slammed into her like a freight train. When we came down from
that blissful high, I told Leah that she earned the right to talk...
and that she had to clean her cum from my face.

"No... no I don't... dammit, why am I... Master, please this is...
so...." she said, stopping because her tongue was suddenly busy
cleaning her nectar from my chin.  At first, the licks were tentative,
but the depravity of the situation and the knowledge that she *had* to
do it got her so hot that after a minute or so, she was eagerly
looking for any spot of her cum anywhere on my face and neck. When she
was done, I looked over to Sara, who had been watching quietly.

"You know, you're a little flabby... and that short haircut won't do.
Let's get you some tits just a little smaller than my wife's, and
long, curly, red hair. No hair below the neck, either. Tell me what
you think about that while you play with yourself."

"What are you talking about--OH MY GOD!" Sara shouted as her body
transformed. She lost her excess flab, but gained quite a bit in the
breast department. "What the fuck is going on? Why can't... fuck, that
feels... mmm, why can't... I stop... *what have you done to me*?"

"Ooooh, nice, I do such good work." I said to myself before turning to
my wife.

"Go and get the corset, and... no, wait... No, I think we'll go with
the thigh-high boots and the catsuit for her, actually... I think
there's one with laces from the waist up... and zippers everywhere I
need 'em to be."  My wife ran off to look for the garment I was
talking about.

"What are you doing to her?" Leah asked.

"Don't worry about her," I said, standing up and walking to the side
of the couch. "Get over here and stand in front of me. Look--here's
Janice with your girl's new outfit. My girl, actually.  Show her,
honey."

Janice held it up. Most of the front was closed by laces, like the
back of the corset my wife had on the night before, but there were
zippers on the breasts and at the crotch for easy access. When Leah
saw the narrow waist, she said, "it won't fit... the waist is too
small... hips are too wide... I don't even know if the tits... that
thing is so... the leather will never stretch to fit her...."

I told her to bend over the couch, and she complied. Then I said, "It
doesn't have to."  Not waiting for a response, I added, "Now, I want
you to get wet, and watch. Janice, turn Sara around and help her get
into her new clothes. Leah, pay attention, you're about to see the
hottest thing you've ever seen, except for my cock." When Sara turned
away from us and my wive moved in front of her, I entered Leah,
enjoying the exquisite tightness as I slowly moved in and out of her.

From behind, we watched Sara step into the catsuit. Janice pulled it
up so it was sung against her crotch.  Then my wife slowly started
lacing it up, tightening the garment as she went and squeezing Sara's
body into the shape of the garment. I heard Leah gasp (and felt her
pussy clamp down on my prick) at the sight of it.

When she was finally done, I had Janice turn Sara around, and to my
delight there was no sign of strain on the laces--it was like the
outfit was made just for Sara, even though I somehow knew the outfit
had reshaped Sara to create the perfect fit.  At least that's what I
thought had happened; after all, I knew *I* hadn't been working on her
body while my wife got her dressed.  The sight of her body conforming
to the material was almost too much for me to take, and I fucked Leah
faster and faster in response.

"I don't... think I'm going to get... tired... of that...," I said as
I fucked Leah from behind.

"How...." Leah said, nearly out of breath.

"No more talking, Leah... from now on, until I say otherwise... every
time you try to say something... you'll cum instead."

As I expected, that command resulted in a string of wet orgasms that
made her pussy so slippery that I have to take her ass to get a little
friction. A nice bit of magical lube (I guess it's magic, it's been a
year now and I still don't know *how* it all works, I just know that
it does) made that easier. And after a few minutes, I came harder than
I had the night before, and with a word I forced all the women to cum
a few times, too.

*So Wednesday wasn't a dream. Fucking-A, man.*

The rest of the afternoon went along those lines. I watched my wife
getting licked by the new and improved Sara, whose tongue was so long
she would probably have trouble talking--I'd have to fix that before
we took her out in public--and I even gave Leah some titties for being
such a fun playmate when I made her and Janice do a sixty-nine the
first time.

Oddly enough, it was harder for Leah to go down on Janice than vice
versa, I had figured that being a lesbian would have helped with that
a little.  But she did make Janice cum twice as fast as I could
(without forcing one on her, anyway), and with half the effort.  She
was an impressive pussylicker to say the least; she could have taught
classes.

*I might make her do just that* , I thought evilly.  *Every man should
know how to eat pussy half as well as she does... I have plenty of
buddies who wouldn't mind practicing on Sara under Leah's strict
supervision.*

At times, it got a little awkward.  Making their tongues as sexually
sensitive as their four clits, for example, sounded like a lot of fun
but proved a little too much for them to take, for (now) obvious
reasons.  So, I gave up on where to put a fifth clit for the time
being.

When I was too exhausted to even watch the girl on girl on girl fun, I
had them lay on the floor in a small daisy chain and let them get each
other off while I went to the garage where I'd had the girls put all
the boxes from the bedroom.

I wanted to see if any more information had been sent with the
garments, so I started to rummage through the boxes. My neck felt
kind-of weird--and when I brought my hand up, I felt a choker. *I must
look ridiculous in this*, I thought as I removed it.  I tossed it into
the box that held the other chokers, and my eyes spotted something in
the box.  It was a note that I'd missed earlier.

"Warning--Be careful what you say when your slave is in the choker, it
may be taken literally. Special warning: all changes made to male
slaves are permanent, only physical changes are permanent for female
slaves. *Be very careful with male slaves. *Please pass this
information on to your customers, Mr. Smithmeyer. Signed, Kelsey B.,
The Lilith Collection, LLC," I said, reading it out loud.  *Be careful
indeed*, I thought.

I smiled. *Good thing they didn't do anything when they had that
choker on me. I'd hate to be a slave to a slave! God only knows what
they could make me do. Well, I'd better try to see what all came with
the dealers-only sampler shipment, maybe there's an MSRP sheet in here
somewhere....*

I heard the unmistakable cries of passion coming from the other room
and thought, *But first, I think I should fuck 'em some more. Then
I'll tell them to enlist some friends in our little club.  Or
masturbate under the table when we go out to dinner later.  I suppose
I should find the camcorder so Sara can tape a healthy bout of
sisterly love... I better stop by the store before it closes, and get
some extra supplies from the back... where we keep the perv stuff.*

                          * * * * * * * * * *

(c) 2007, bobwhite.  All rights reserved.  All wrongs also reserved.