This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, 
copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by 
commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial 
publication, including websites, without the express permission of 
the author, will be followed up with legal action.  This fictional 
story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be 
viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of 
fiction.  In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV 
and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips 
his wick" or "rides the rod" with impunity and without protection.

---

The Year 2011: Fool Me Twice (mf, Ff, reluc, impreg, inc, lac)

by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

The Year 2010: Lesbian Test can be found at
http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/krosis/2010-lesbiantest.txt

***
The year 2011 seems so far away and yet so close.  It is the world 
of tomorrow, created from the seeds of today...
***

Crystal knocked once and then quickly opened her younger sister's 
bedroom door.  "Marie, you th..." She stopped, experiencing dj vu 
as she caught her sister masturbating.  As before, the young 
brunette quickly covered herself with her bed sheets.

"CRYS!" Marie was about to yell, then quickly caught herself, 
looking frightfully to the other side of the room.

There, swaddled in blankets and sleeping peacefully, was eight-week-
old Larry, the product of Marie's one and only sexual experience 
almost a year previous.  Marie loved her newborn son, but still had 
no idea that her impregnation had been orchestrated by her older 
sister under the guise of making sure she wasn't a lesbian.

You see, families of "outed" homosexuals in the America of tomorrow 
were levied with a 25% increase to their income tax, retroactive to 
when their child hit age 13.  In this day and age parents made damn 
sure that their kids were heterosexual, even if the result was a 
huge jump in the number of young unwed mothers.  The increase in the 
birth rate was also attributable to the new Child Benefit Fund, 
which gave new mothers $10,000, tax free.

Marie's parents received the windfall, since she was only 17 and not 
of legal age when Larry was born.  Also unknown to Marie: Crystal's 
nice leather jacket came from that money.

Crystal went and made sure Larry was still sleeping while Marie kept 
gesturing wildly for her sister to GET OUT! Instead, Crystal sat on 
the bed next to her sister.

She looked sympathetically at the younger girl.  "I know you're 
horny, hon.  I heard from some of my friends who have had kids.  As 
your insides start getting back to normal your body starts needing 
sex.  It's natural!"

Marie felt a little better knowing she wasn't a freak.  Her breasts 
tingled a lot since they had grown from the milk production.  With 
her otherwise still skinny form, they were quite round now, like 
grapefruits protruding from her chest.  She filled out her 
previously baggy t-shirts, so even when wearing her nursing bra, her 
nipples were extremely sensitive from the tightness of the fabric.  
If she walked quickly, the new bouncing motion would cause her 
sensitive nipples to send what felt like electric shocks between her 
legs.  She didn't even want to try running, for fear of falling into 
an orgasmic fit.

What was worse, Crystal had hidden the dildo she had lent Marie the 
day she had gotten pregnant.  All Marie had were her own fingers, 
and since that fateful day it wasn't enough -- it was never enough.  
Though she had practically begged Crystal for some relief, the older 
girl kept telling her that it wasn't good for the baby, and after 
the birth, that it was too soon to have anything like that down 
there while she was healing.  It had been a natural birth, so there 
was some stretching.  Now, almost 2 months later, her doctor had 
indicated that penetration would be safe, as long as she took it 
easy.

Marie again entreated her sister:  "Please, Crys, I need some 
relief! You don't know...you *can't* know.  Please..."

Crystal smiled.  "Relax, Marie.  I know what you need.  Come on in, 
Kevin!"

Short, skinny Kevin walked in.  Marie remembered him from her 
computer class, where he always got straight A's.  Of course, she 
hadn't been at school since she started to show...

Kevin stared at her bra-clad chest as he walked into the room, then 
quickly looked her in the eyes.  "Hey, Marie! I've, uh, we've missed 
you in class."  His eyes dropped back to her chest, and his eyes 
seemed to glaze a little bit.  "Man, they really got bigger, didn't 
they?"

Marie tried to cover up, but Crystal stopped her.  "Kevin's here to 
help, Marie.  You've mentioned him before, so I know you like him."  
She glanced at the young geek.  "Well?  Strip, nerd-boy!"

Startled from his staring, he snapped back to reality.  "Oh, 
yeah..."  He started to unbutton his pants.

Marie turned to her sister in a panic.  "No, Crys, not again.  I 
can't get pregnant again!" Kevin paused, uncertain.

Crystal gave a patronizing look to her sister, while gesturing for 
Kevin to continue.  "You can't get pregnant while you're 
breastfeeding, Marie.  You produce hormones that are like birth 
control pills.  Don't you know anything?"

Marie thought about it for a moment.  It sounded right.  Did she 
read it on the Internet?  "Really?" she asked.

"Of course.  Ah, here we go..." Crystal moved to the side of the bed 
as a naked Kevin climbed on, his less-than-average-sized stiffy 
pointing toward his goal.

Marie looked at it.  It was thin, like a couple of pens tied 
together, and maybe 5 inches in length.  Compared to Andrew, 
Crystal's boyfriend and the father of baby Larry, it was 
disappointingly tiny.

Sensing her hesitation, Crystal whispered in her ear:  "Your cervix 
is probably still pretty low.  I figured a smaller penis would be 
best, otherwise Andrew would be here again.  He really enjoyed being 
with you."

Flushed by the compliment and remembrance of her first time, Marie 
paused, then removed the sheet covering her.  While still slim, 
Marie's stomach hadn't fully returned to its original tautness, a 
telltale "mommy tummy" still in place.  However, her pussy was still 
visibly wet from her interrupted masturbation.  Kevin froze, staring 
between her legs.

"Oh, just get on your back, dweeb." Crystal said, standing up to 
give him room.  He complied, his little hardon pointing up toward 
his face.  His eyes never left Marie.

Crystal spoke up again.  "Marie, I can guarantee that he'll cum the 
moment he gets inside you, so why not learn how to give a blowjob 
first?  Take a breath, put your mouth over his dick, and suck *very* 
lightly."

Marie contemplated it for a few seconds, licking her lips.  Then put 
her head down, engulfing the boy's prick.  Kevin gasped, his eyes 
rolled back into his head, and he laid back in ecstasy.

"Now take more of him into your mouth.  No teeth! That's it..."  
Crystal climbed onto the other side of the bed in order to get a 
better view.  "Now, using just your lips, lift off until just the 
head's in your mouth, then back down, kinda like a freezy pop."  
Marie hummed, enjoying the taste.  Kevin's breathing was heavy.

Crystal noticed.  "He's going to cum soon, Marie.  Be ready to start 
swallowing."  Marie increased her pace, wondering what semen would 
taste like.  She didn't have to wait long, as Kevin raised his 
pelvis on one of her downstrokes, pushing his little cock as far 
into her mouth as it could go, and let loose.

Kevin grunted, spurting large gobs of cum into Marie's mouth.  It 
was so much better than using his hands!

"Mmm..." Marie swallowed the thick warm substance as best she could.  
Some spilled out around her lips, but once she had swallowed the 
stuff in her mouth, her tongue cleaned the rest off her face.  
"Tasty!" she marveled.

Crystal sympathetically licked her lips.  "Now you have to get him 
ready for some fucking, Marie.  Tell him how much you want him 
inside you."

Marie lay down beside Kevin.  "Oh, I *do* want you inside me, Kevin.  
Please?  I'm soooo horny...can you feel it?"  She took his hand and 
moved it down to her vulva.  His eyes widened as he felt the extreme 
heat pulsing from down there.  His softening penis lurched, but 
didn't come back to life.

Crystal had another idea.  "Straddle him, Marie.  Let's see what 
those new improved boobs of yours can do."

Marie did so, her cunt grinding into Kevin's lethargic pelvic 
region.  Crystal unsnapped her sister's bra, letting the porn star 
quality jugs fly free.

That did it.  Kevin's eyes locked onto those melons and his hard-on 
came back with a vengeance.  Marie continued to rub her crotch into 
his, enjoying the friction as her cunt lips opened up a little, 
caressing the underside of his stiffening shaft as she rocked back 
and forth.

Crystal was getting impatient.  "Lift up a little, Marie."  As her 
sister again followed instructions, the older girl reached down, 
grasped Kevin's cock, and lined it up with its target.  Once gravity 
caused Marie's hips to settle a little, the head started to poke its 
way in between her lips.  At that point Crystal grabbed Marie's hips 
and pulled her downwards.

"OH!" Marie suddenly had half of Kevin's length within her.  After 
almost a year of no sexual relief it felt incredible! She had missed 
this feeling, even though this was only her second time.

"You have full control of how much of him you want inside you," 
Crystal advised.  "Come on, move that ass!"

Marie raised her hips up a bit, then pushed back down, provoking 
groans from both of them.  Kevin brought his hands up to fondle 
Marie's glorious boobs, which sent sparks through her.  She started 
to bounce in his lap, slowly at first, then picking up speed.

Crystal couldn't take her eyes from the two rutting teens.  Marie 
was completely engrossed in her own pleasure.  Nothing else mattered 
to her.  It was beautiful.

Just then, disturbed by the creaking of the bedsprings or perhaps 
the grunting, Larry awoke crying.  "Oh!" Marie cried out, her body 
doing what comes naturally when it's feeding time:  her breasts 
started to produce milk, which started to leak out her nipples.

She didn't stop fucking Kevin, though.  She was too intent on 
getting to orgasm.  It was coming...she couldn't stop...

Crystal crossed the room to the baby and picked him up, giving him 
his soother to quiet him.

When Kevin felt something wet hit his chest he looked closer at 
Marie's breasts.  She was leaking milk! His brain cross-circuited:  
he sat upward, instinctually latching his mouth around her right 
areola, sucking hard.  He gulped her mother's milk, his lust-addled 
brain flashing back to childhood.

The sucking on her already stimulated breast, combined with the 
pounding she was giving herself on Kevin's cock, sent her over the 
edge.  She cradled his head to her breast as her insides exploded.  
Fireworks seemed to explode behind her eyes. "Uhh! Ooohhh!! Mmm-
aaaa!!" Her orgasm was continuous, hitting her like waves on a 
beach, building in intensity.

Kevin felt something snap over the head of his cock, like a little 
mouth, nibbling and sucking.  Hearing Marie screaming in passion 
above him, his testicles spasmed, giving up their spermy treasure.  
He groaned, and the vibrations went through his mouth into Marie's 
tingling breast, further amplifying her multiple orgasm.

Crystal whispered to her nephew:  "I think he's cumming in her now, 
Larry.  What a lucky boy you are, to get a new brother or sister so 
quickly.  Yes, there's less chance to get pregnant when you're 
breastfeeding, but it's outweighed when your cervix is still wide 
open from giving birth just a few weeks ago.  He's probably shooting 
right into her womb!"  Larry blinked at his aunt, not understanding.  
She tapped his nose with her finger.  "Yes...you are sooo cute!"

Even if Marie had heard her sister's revelation, there was nothing 
she could do about it.  She pulled Kevin tighter to her bosom as 
orgasm after orgasm washed over and through her.  She had stopped 
moving atop him, her muscles taut and her mouth frozen in a silent 
scream of ecstacy.  The inside of her cunt tickled and harassed 
Kevin's cock.  Her cervix engulfed the top of it, sucking more and 
more of his potent sperm-filled semen deep inside her.  Kevin's own 
orgasm and ejaculation seemed never-ending, as her body demanded 
more, more, MORE!

Finally, Marie extracted Kevin's deflating cock from herself with a 
wet noise and collapsed sideways.  Crystal gave Larry to his mother, 
and she started to feed him with her left breast.  The right one was 
practically empty.

As a grateful Kevin stumbled out a few minutes later, Crystal 
noticed a small runnel of semen escaping from Marie's vagina.  "Oh, 
I should take care of that..."

Before Marie could object, Crystal fastened her mouth to her little 
sister's cunt.  As she had done almost a year ago, she sucked and 
licked, doing her best to push the dangerous, life-giving substance 
further inside the hapless girl with her tongue while pretending 
that she was helping her by sucking it out.  By the time she was 
done, Marie had had another two orgasms, Crystal had one just 
thinking about the damage she was causing to her unsuspecting little 
sister, and pretty much all of Kevin's potent sperm was within 
Marie's fertile womb.

Within a few weeks Marie's second pregnancy was confirmed.  This 
time their parents bought Crystal a new computer from the $10,000 
government payout.

Poor Marie finally figured out what was going on, two children too 
late.  She didn't get her revenge until the next year, though...

***
We hope you have enjoyed your brief visit to the year 2011.  Is this 
a cautionary tale?  A nightmare?  No, it's a stroke story.  Now go 
clean your keyboard.
***

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans?  E-mail Krosis of the Collective 
(krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)