THE BOY PRISON

By Erik

[TESTICLES] [MINOR]

A doctor in a all boy prison is in charge of getting the boys
ready for there new life behind bars. A boy also tells of his
experience with the doctor.

Part 1

THE DOCTOR

The year is 2020 and the world has gone to hell in a hand basket.
Crime has gotten so bad that new laws have made almost all crimes
a felony. Punishment for these crimes have gotten allot stricter.
That's were I come in. I work in a prison for boys. We take boys
from the age of 12 to 17. We get at least two new boys a day.
When a new boy arrives it is my job to get them ready for there
new life in prison. The first thing I do is make them strip fully
naked. Once they are naked I search them for any type of
contraband. I then take them for a hair cut. They get a short
military style haircut, then every hair from there face to there
toes are shaved off. A special cream is rubbed all over there
body to inhibit hair growth. After 10 minuets, the boys are taken
into a shower, were they take a very hot shower and scrub
themselves with a special soap. Now that the boys are clean and
hair less, it is now time for the real fun. I take one boy at a
time. One boy is placed in a holding cell to wait for his fait.
The other boy comes with me to THE ROOM. Once in the room I tell
the boy that I have to give him a full medical exam. I ask the
boy to lie down on a exam table and to place his feet in the
stirrups. Once the boy is in position, me and the guard secure
the boy to the table with straps to his wrists, upper arms,
chest, ankles, and just above his knees. The only part of his
body he can now move is his head. Now that the boy is secured to
the table, I push a button and the table moves so the boy is
raised up so he is in a half sitting position. Also with a push
of this button, the boys legs spread all the way into a full
splits position. Most boys have not done the splits before, so
they always let out a yelp of pain. The boys groin area is now
fully exposed to me. By this time the boy I am working on is
asking me a bunch of questions or is yelling at me. I have
learned to full ignore the boy I am working on, and most of the
time I just put on some head phones and listen to some music. Now
that the boy is in the ready position, I grab the milking
machine. I take some lube and rub the boys penis until it is
fully erect and slippery with the lube. I slip on the clear tube
of the milker and strap on the straps to hold it in place. I turn
on the power and let the machine do it's work. It takes a few
minuets, but I see the boy give a small shudder and I see his
dick shoot his first load. His white boy seed is sucked up to the
top of the milking tube and through a smaller tube to a small 
holding jar. I leave the machine on until the boy has had orgasm
after orgasm until I see that he has had three orgasms in a row
where nothing has come out. On the average the boy has had
anywhere from 12 to 15 orgasms in one hour. When I see that the
boy is fully empty I turn off the milker, and then remove it. The
boys penis is a little red from the rubbing. Now the next two
step are my favorite. As part of the boys punishment they are to
be circumcised and castrated without any typed of pain killers
and the tools we are made to use are very painful. I do have a
kind heart, so before I start I fill a hyperspray, so it is ready
for me to inject the boy right away and put him to sleep for when
I am done. I start by applying a antiseptic all around the boys
groin area. I then use my left hand to pull the boys foreskin all
the way up over the head of his dick and keep on pulling until
the skin is as far as it will go. I take the clippers in my right
hand and push the button that will heat the cutting blades. The
clipper blades heat to over 600 degrees so they are white hot.
This way they not only cut through the skin but also cauterize
the wound. I place the cutting blade right next to the penis,
just above the gland. I then  slowly clip. It only takes a second
or two, but with the scream of pain from the boy and the smell of
burned flesh, I am sure it feels longer. The blade slices through
the skin and the next thing I know I am holding a piece of skin
in my hand, and the boys penis has flopped back and slap's his
pubic area, from the release of pressure. The boy at this time is
usually sobbing because of the pain, but the boy has not yet felt
the real pain of his punishment yet. I put down the clippers and
put the skin in the jar with the boys semen. I pick up the
elastrator and place it around the boys low hanging balls. The
room we are in is kept at a constant 100 degrees so the boys
balls will hang low. I place the elastrator as far up and as
close to the base of his penis as I can. I then push the button
and the band tightens. The boy lets out a yell of pain. I give
the band a few minuets to block off the blood flow, but now the
clock is ticking, and I have to hurry. I take up a scalpel and
start to cut the boys scrotum just below the orange band. Once I
have cut off the scrotum, I slip it off and let the boys now very
swollen balls hang free. I drop the scrotum into the jar with the
foreskin and semen. I pick up the burdizzo and clamp it to first
his right cord. I squeeze as hard as I can, and the boy lets out
a new scream of pain. I count to 10 and then I do his left cord.
The boy by this time is dripping sweat and screaming like a stuck
pig. I drop the burdizzo back on the table. I can now take my
scalpel again, and now fully cut off his nuts. I cut the cord as
close to the elastrator band as I can get. When I have cut the
right one off I drop it in the jar, and then do his left. The
left one goes into the jar also. The boy is now fully gelded and
will  be fully ready to enter the general prison population. I
give the boy his shot, and he passes out. I am sure he is very
thankful for this. The guard is called back in, and he and
another guard carry the boy to a small private holding cell, were
he will be kept. I will check on him every day until the band
falls off, and I say he is ready to be taken to his new home, to
meet his new room mate. As I am waiting for the guard to return
with the other new boy, I go into my bathroom and jack off to get
ride of the hard on I have had ever sense I started milking the
first boy. When I have sprayed my cum, and pull up my pants and
go sit at my desk and light up a cigarette and have a smoke. As I
am smoking I seal the jar with the boys semen, foreskin, scrotum,
and testicles, and place a label on it. The jar will then either
be sent to the boys victim to do as they see fit, or it will be
sent to a medical school were a student can use the contents of
the jar to study. When I am half way done with my smoke, the
guard returns with the second boy.

THE NEW BOY

My name is Danny and I am 14 years old. I was arrested as a
thief. I stole some food because my mom had again left town for a
weekend of fun with out me, and did not leave me any food or
money. I arrive at the prison with a older boy named Kevin who is
16. Kevin was arrested for dealing drugs. When we arrived at the
prison we were made to strip off all of our clothes. We were then
checked everywhere. They pulled back our dick skin, and had us
bend over and grab our ankles. When we did this, they shoved a
finger up our ass holes and they felt around. After the were done
searching us, they took us into a barber shop, and our heads were
nearly shaved. I would guess we only had about one inch of hair
on the top of our heads. The barber then took his razor and
shaved all our body hair off. The only other hair I had on my
body was a small dusting of blond hair on my lower legs, and my
small patch of pubic hair. The barber then took this really bad
smelling goo, and spread it all over our bodies. I had to fight
in my mind to keep my dick from getting hard when he rubbed the
cream into my balls and around my dick. After about a minuet the
cream started to fell really hot, and my body started to feel
really itchy. Kevin and I were then taken to a shower room that
looked sort of like my P.E. shower room. The water was turned on,
and we showered together. The water was really hot, and the soap
they had given us smelled really strong. I washed my body from
head to toe two times like they told us to. When the water was
turned off, we were handed a towel and as I was drying my body, I
saw that the hot water and strong soap had made me very clean and
my skin glow sort of pink. They took the towels away from us, and
walked us down a hall. We stopped at a door, and I was put in a
small room, that had only a chair in it. I was told to sit and
wait for my turn. The door closed, and I was all alone in this
room. They had taken Kevin first.  I don't know how long I was in
that room before a guard returned for me, but it felt like days.
The guard walked me into another room, were I saw the man who
searched me sitting at a desk. He was smoking a cigarette and
putting a label on a jar with some stuff in it that I could not
see. The man at the desk put down the jar and stubbed out his
smoke and came up to me. He asked me to get on the exam table
because he needed to check me out. I lied down on the table, and
the man put my feet in some stirrups. The man and the guard then
put straps all over my legs, arms, and body. The only part of my
body I could move was my head. Once I was fully strapped in, the
guard left the room. The man then pushed a button, and I was now
sitting up and my legs were split very far apart. I let out a
yell of pain, as my legs did the splits and I am sure I felt a
muscle tear. My penis and balls were now fully exposed to the
man. The man put on some head phones and I could just barley hear
some music coming from them. I knew he could no longer hear me.
The man then took some clear jelly looking stuff in his right
hand, and then grabbed my penis. He started to slowly stroke my
penis, and I got a raging hard on. He then took this clear
plastic tube with a smaller tube coming out of the top and put it
over my hard penis. Once my penis was fully in the clear plastic,
he used some more straps to strap the tube in place. The man
pushed a button on a control box and I felt the greatest feeling
in my dick. It only took a few strokes from the machine, and I
both felt and saw my cum shooing into the tube. I felt the
suction get a little stronger, and I saw my sperm flow up into
the smaller tube at the top of the bigger tube, and drain into a
jar. The machine on my dick was still pumping and sucking on my
dick, and I felt my balls building up to shoot again. It took a
little longer, but I again shot another load of my teen seed.
Again I watched my cum get sucked up and deposited into the jar.
My cock was now really sensitive and it started to hurt a little
as the machine continued to stroke my dick. Eight more times I
felt and saw my cum shoot and be sucked into that jar. My next
orgasm was dry, My body trembled and my dick twitched, trying to
shoot cum that I was out of, but the machine just kept on pulling
and sucking me. I was in tears now. My dick hurt and I thought
that the man was going to never turn that damn machine off. But
after I had two more fully dry orgasms, the man pushed another
button on the control box and the machine stopped it's work. The
man removed the clear plastic tube from my dick, and I saw that
my dick was red and sort of raw looking from all the rubbing it
had received. I looked at the clock on the wall, and I saw that
just over a hour had passed. The man took a wet towel and cleaned
my dick. He then used some cotton swabs and rubbed some red
liquid all over my dick and balls. The cool liquid felt good on
my tender dick. The man then took a hold of my foreskin in his
left hand and pulled on it. He pulled the skin until it was fully
stretched out. He picked up something that looked like scissors
from a star wars movie. I know new what he was going to do to my
dick, and I yelled to try and get him to stop. He placed the
blade near the head of my dick, and I saw the blades. They were
so hot, that I could see the heat shimmering off of the blade.
The man started to press the grip of the scissors, and I felt the
hot blades touch my flesh. I screamed as the pain from the
cutting and burning on my tender skin reached my brain. It only
took a few seconds until my penis was free of the mans hand. The
man dropped my severed foreskin into the jar that contained my
sperm, and put down his scissors. I looked at my freshly
circumcised penis and I smelled my burned flesh. As I was looking
at my freshly cut dick, I did not see the man grab another
devise. I was looking down when I saw a strange looking devise
encircle my ball sack, and the man's left hand grabbed my balls
and pulled them down. He pulled down on them really hard, and I
cried out from the pain. But that pain was nothing, compared to
when I heard a clicking sound. I saw a orange band encircle my
ball sack just below my penis root, and it felt like the time my
friend Tommy Johnson kick me in the balls during a P.E. soccer
game. I screamed out in pain and tied not to throw up, as I felt
my heart beat trying to pump blood in to my starving balls. The
man waited for about 10 second and I saw him pick up a scalpel. I
thought he was going to cut off the band when I saw the blade
come close to the orange band. I let out a fresh scream of pain
as I felt the blade cut my ball bag. The man cut all the way
around the band, and then gave a gentle pull, and slipped my
scrotum off of me. I can now see my balls hanging there by some
kind of cord. The man dropped my scrotum in the jar with my sperm
and foreskin. My balls were smaller than I thought they would be.
They were sort of a off white and bluish in color. The man had
taken up another instrument and put it up next to the cord of my
right ball. The man squeezed the handles together, and a fresh
serge of pain shot to my head. I again screamed as another kick
hit me in the balls. The sharp pain only lasted for about 20
seconds. But I again felt the pain, as the man clamped again but
this time on the cord attached to my left ball. I was in so much
pain now, that I only saw and never felt the man use the scalpel
to cut the cords of my balls up close to were the orange band
was. Soon after he had cut off both of my balls and dropped them
in the jar with the rest of my deposits, he gave me a shot, and
the last thing I remember thinking before I blacked out was, now
I know what was in the jar the man was labeling. It had contained
Kevin's removed parts.


