KAYLA PAYS A PRICE

By IAGO

PART 1

Chapter 1

Taking Pictures and Playing Naughty Games

Kayla's new daddy rescued her from the BAD PLACE (this how she
put it) a few weeks after her seventh birthday.  It had not been
a happy one to say the least, but her new daddy more than made up
for this.  Of course he really wasn't a daddy. He was Kayla's
owner.  In order to get her away from the BAD PLACE he had to buy
her, he explained.  This was because Kayla was a slave.  She
thought she was a slave because of the naughty things she did
earlier that summer in the special school.  No, her new
daddyowner explained, it was because her Mommy had sold her.

"And was good thing she did," he told her. "If she hadn't I'd
never been able to get you out of there."  Kayla didn't
understand. It was because free little girls weren't allowed to
do things they did at the special school. Only little slave girls
could.  That didn't make any sense, Kayla said. If you're free
you should be able to do what you want. If you're a slave you
have to do what people tell you. Daddyok Mastersaid it really
wasn't about the little girls.  It was really about the grown-ups
who did those things to them. They were only supposed to them to
slave girls.

"But I liked the things they did! Mostly.  They were nice!"

"That was the problem," Master answered.   Kayla didn't think she
was being really naughty.  She was helping her Mommy, after all.
Her real Daddy had left just over a year ago.  They had to move
into a mobile home park.  Mommy got sick after that. She started
taking all kinds of medicine.  Some of the medicine came in
pills, Kayla understood about that. Others were less easy to
understand. There was this powder that Mommy sniffed. It didn't
come from the drug store.  One of Mommy's new boyfriends got it
for her.  Then there was the yellow liquid that came from those
big brown bottles.  The funny thing was  the medicines didn't
seem to make Mommy feel better. Most of the time it just seemed
to make her very sleepy.   Because Mommy was sick she couldn't
work very much, so they didn't have much money.  Mommy got real
upset about this. That made her sick and she had to take more of
her medicines.  Kayla wished her daddy would come back to help
them. She also wished there was something she could to do to help
Mommy.  But she was only six. What could she do?

The answer came a few days after the end of school.    It was
very hot even early in the morning and Kayla was just wearing her
panties. "Mommy can I go out and play? It's too hot in here," she
asked right after breakfast.  Mommy was feeling grouchy and
tired, so the idea of a little girl keeping herself busy outdoors
was not without its attractions.  "All right, but first put
something on.  I don't want you prancing around outside half
naked."

Kayla knew this meant not going outside in her panties, something
she never dream of doing.  Her schoolmate Lisa East did that once
and her mommy gave her real hard whipping.  That was before Lisa
moved in with their teacher, Mr. Ray.  Still it was too hot for
her regular play clothes. Besides most of them were in plastic
bags waiting to go to the laundry. And that wouldn't happen till
Mommy got enough money to put in the washing machines.  That left
one choice.

"Okay, Mommy, I'll go put my bikini on.  The one that Uncle Frank
gave me." Kayla waited for Mommy to say no. She didn't like Kayla
wearing, saying it was "too revealing."  And in fact it covered
fewer square inches of little girl than her panties.  It was a
white string bikini with two little triangles covering her slit
and rear end and two even smaller triangles covering her nipples.
That was the important part.  Kayla often wondered about that. 
Boys didn't have to cover their chests, and she her friends all
looked like boys. At least from the waist up.

Mummy just shrugged and tottered back to bed. Taking that as a
yes, Kayla struggled into her bikini.  She had a bit of trouble
getting the bows tied, but managed to get it done after a few
minutes.  When she got outside she found that someone had left a
garden hose attached to a faucet near their mobile home.  Kayla
turned the water on and set the hose up on a chair so she could
run through the spray. After a few minutes though the hose fell
on the ground.  Kayla picked up, thinking about another game she
could play with it.  Carefully she looked around.  There was no
one else outside.  Coast being clear, Kayla stuck the hose inside
her bikini bottom. At first the water was too cold.  But it got
warmer after a couple of minutes. Kayla moved the nozzle so water
would run over the front of her little slit.  Her friend Lisa had
told her about it one day.  That was before Lisa moved in with
their teacher, Mr. Ray.

The water was pulsing against her little button thingy.  It had a
funny name.  Kitty, she thought Lisa had called it. That made
sense, since she knew that some people called a girl's private
parts her pussy.  Anyway, whatever it was, it felt nice. Kayla
moved the nozzle so it played more on the spot.  "Ohh." She took
a deep breath. "Ohh." She was getting a funny feeling down in her
tummy. No, not quite. Lower down.  She pressed her hand against
the front of her bikini bottom.  The funny feeling got stronger.
It was making her a little dizzy.

Kayla lay down on the grass.  It felt scratchy, because it hadn't
rained for a while. Kayla sat and shifted the hole again. As she
did she felt her nipples rub against her bikini top. For some
reason they had gotten hard. They felt a little tingly.  Kayla
knew she couldn't take her top off outside. So instead she
slipped one hand under her top.  She put the other one in her
bottom to keep the water flowing on the right spot.  The dizzy
feeling was coming back.  She closed her eyes.

"Click-click. Click-click. Click-click. Buzz."  Kayla opened her
blue grey eyes.  Then she opened her mouth real wide, too scared
to make a sound.  A strange man was standing right over her!  He
was holding a little camera, the real expensive kind that took
real good pictures.  Mr. Ray had one. He brought to class one day
and took pictures of all the kids.  The man pointed the camera at
her and took another picture.

"Hello, Kayla, is your mommy home?"

Kayla pulled the hose from her bikini and sat up.  She put her
hands on her knees and looked down. "I'm not suppose' to talk to
strangers."

"But I know your name. So how can I be a stranger?"  Kayla just
looked at him. "My name is Dan." He put his hand out.  "I'm a
very good friend of Mr. Ray. Your teacher."

That's how come he knows my name, Kayla thought.  Cautiously she
gave the man her little paw.  They shook hands.

"Now, Kayla is your mommy home?" Mr. Dan asked again.  I need to
talk to her. It's real important."

Kayla stood up. "I'll tell her. She started walking toward their
unit.  "Wait a second, Kayla. I thought you were in first grade.
How old are you?'

"Six and a half."

"You look older. At least eight.  I really thought you were a
third grader."

Kayla giggled. "No. I'm going to be in second grade next fall.
I'm the tallest kid in my class," she bragged. Mr. Ray said I'm
in the ninety fifth percentill for girls my age."

"Percent-tile." Mr. Dan corrected.  He took out his smart phone.
"Go stand against the wall. Let's see how big you are now."

Kayla stood very still as the man pointed his phone at her. She
knew he was using a laser beam to measure her.

Dan whistled. "130 centimeters].  You've grown some. You're now
in the 97th percentile. And you're very pretty too."

Kayla blushed.  She was pretty with curly blonde hair and cute
round face.

"Aunty Bee says I'm too skinny." "Aunty Bee says I'm too skinny."
Bee was an old lady who sometimes babysat her.

"I don't think so. I think you're just right." Dan looked at his
watch. "Kayla, I really do need to talk to your mother. It's real
important."

Kayla shrugged. She was going to do that when Mr. Dan stopped
her. Grown- ups.

Kayla went into their mobile home.  Mommy had just gotten up and
was pretty grouchy.  "Mommy, there's a man outside. He wants to
talk with you.  Kayla paused. "He took my picture."

"He did what?" Mommy looked mad. "What were you doing?"

"Nothin'" Kayla stepped back a little scared. "I was just playing
and he came up and took my picture. He wants to talk to do," she
reminded. Mommy looked mad for a moment, and then she got off the
couch. "Tell him to come in. Wait outside."

Mr. Dan patted Kayla on the shoulder and went inside. He was
carrying a square case with flat sides.

After a few minutes Mommy told her come inside.  She looked
really excited and happy. That made Kayla glad.

"Kayla, dear," Mommy stroked Kayla's dark blond curls, "this nice
man wants to take some more pictures of you. Very special
pictures. It's all right.  Mommy will be here to watch.  Just be
a good girl and do whatever he tells you.

Mr. Dan reached into his pocket and pulled out a candy bar. "I'm
sure Kayla will be a perfect angel." He gave her the candy. He
looked around. "Where's her bedroom?  That's probably the best
spot."

"I'll show him!" Kayla scampered to her room.  The adults
followed.  She opened her closet to show Mr. Dan her clothes. She
thought he would want her to change. She was wrong.

"You're fine just as you are, Kayla. Now stand real straight. Put
your arms down at your sides. That's great! A very good picture.
Now put your hands on top of your head. Big smile. Perfect! All
right, now I want to take a picture of your pretty back. Turn
around. Thank you. Now touch your toes."

