THE GOVERNESS: JAN GETS A SPANKING AND ENEMA

BY ANONYMOUS

Disclaimer: This work contains graphic descriptions of a
punishment enema. It is not intended for reading or downloading
by anyone under the age of 18. If this subject offends you, do
not read on. All portions of this story are fiction. Any
resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental.

The author does not condone any sexual act with children under
the age of consent. This fantasy is intended for adult age play
and should be tried only with consenting adults. Act out these
punishment scenes at your own risk!

Dear Diary:

What an exciting afternoon! I just got home this instant, but I
want to write everything down before I forget any detail. I
visited Henrietta for tea, and this time I got to see Jan
spanked...and more...much more! She is ten years old now, a very
cute child with a perfect baby face and long blond hair.

She has her own tutor, of course, and Henrietta's full time
attention as governess. I had wondered if Henrietta was allowed
to discipline her, but had been too shy to ask. She had the girl
all dressed up in an adorable sailor-girl suit. She looked a so
pretty in the little suit, and curtsied when she was presented!
But Jan seemed very shy and drew back a bit as I rose to greet
her. It seemed that she did not like being touched by strangers.

I couldn't help noticing how pretty she looked, especially for
her size. When I admired her little outfit she blushed red in the
face and started looking a little pouty. Henrietta ordered her to
turn around slowly to let us inspect her, and she obeyed, but
reluctantly. Her suit was much too tight, especially over her
little-girl bottom. She had on a little sailor blouse and a
scarf, patent leather shoes and knee length stockings.

When Henrietta patted the girl's tight bottom, she pulled away,
saying, "Please don't, Nanny," in a sort of whining tone.
Henrietta remarked that she had been cross and troublesome all
day, and that she would probably soon be getting a "warning
spanking." At this, Jan frowned miserably and a tear slowly
formed in the corner of one of her beautiful blue eyes. (I was
enthralled at the long eyelashes the child possessed; a pretty
young girl could not have asked for more.) Henrietta continued,
saying she was becoming so difficult to manage, needing constant
watching these days, and has to be disciplined all the time. She
has trained the young girl to serve tea, and she did that very
nicely. I admired the fine china tea cups and silver tea service.

The girl seemed lost in her own thoughts as she gazed out the
window during our talk. Then: CRASH! We looked down at the floor,
and there was Jan's teacup, shattered wetly on the parquet floor.

"You clumsy girl, look what you've done! Nanny's best teacup is
smashed to pieces."

"I'm sorry, Nanny, I didn't mean to do it..."

"Always the same, excuses, excuses. Well, this time I am going to
spank your bottom. You're going to get a good spanking right
now!" The pretty child was horribly embarrassed for me to be
witnessing this. She stood with her hands unconsciously creeping
back to shield her bottom as she begged her Nanny to wait until
later--after I left. But Henrietta insisted that I stay.

"Please, Nanny, please. Not now," she begged.

"You're going to be spanked right now, Jan."

"Please, Nanny, not in front of..."

"Don't worry Miss Marwood has seen little girls spanked before",
as she rose to retrieve a short leather strap from a nearby
dresser drawer. It was obviously made for spanking, somewhat
resembling a Scots Taws, about twelve inches long, and two inches
wide and perhaps a quarter of an inch thick with split tails at
the end. It was designed to sting like fire. Jan visibly blanched
at the sight and started to quiver nervously.

The child continued her steady pleading, but Henrietta had her
firmly by the elbow and she jerked Jan to attention and then
pulled her over to the chaise. She seated herself on the chaise,
put the spanking strap down at her side, and busied her fingers
with the numerous buttons on the tight shorts. Jan was fighting
her fingers and pulling away.

"Please, Nanny, No. Not... my... p-p-pants... Please, no!"

"Little girls get spanked on the bare bottom, young lady!"
Henrietta said.

"I know, Nanny, but... this time... not... my... pants...
Please!" Henrietta was by now holding both of the girl's hands
together above her head and unbuttoning with the other hand. Jan
twisted and turned, but to no avail. The flap dropped open and I
saw the white material of her panties. Then the pants fell down
to her ankles Jan's jumping around helped to kick them right off
her legs. She was dancing around minus her pants in her skimpy
tight, white cotton panties. The ten-year-old culprit almost
escaped, but she was caught by her slim wrists again. Pinioning
her hands, Henrietta slapped Jan's face sharply then dragged the
girl over her lap. By now Jan was starting to wiggle and cry.

But she was no match for Henrietta's experience in disciplining
naughty children. She easily drew Jan's arms back, and holding
her crossed wrists in the small of her back, she was able to
concentrate on task at hand. Jan continued to struggle as her
panties were pulled down, unveiling the spectacle of her bare
bottom. I felt flushed and noticed that I was breathing rapidly.
From my vantage point in the adjacent chair I was looking right
into the secret cleft between Jan's cheeks, and could see the
girl's firm naked bottom and a flash of the pussy slit peeping
back as her thighs opened when she kicked her legs!

Such creamy white girl-buttocks, so remarkably chubby and bouncy,
like shining half-moons separated by such a deeply curving cleft.
Henrietta continued to hold her hands firmly as she lowered even
further the child's white panties and adjusted them so that they
helped to restrain her vigorously struggling legs.

Jan suddenly stopped wriggling and started whining, "You don't
have to spank me, Nanny... I didn't mean to do it... I won't do
it again, I promise!"

She reached for the strap, and, after making sure the girl was
quite properly positioned, started the spanking. Raising the
strap, she took careful aim and, with surprising force, delivered
the first noisy "smAAAAAAAkkk" across the child's soft, naked
bottom.

"AAAhhhhhhhh, Ohhhhh, Please! Noooooo, Please, Naaaaaaaannnny..."
screamed Jan as she felt the punishing effect of the spanking
strap. My, how violently her little buttocks reacted, clamping
shut, then opening slowly and squirming in all directions.

Again and again the leather strap descended, making bright red
marks appear on her otherwise pearl-white buttocks. Jan blubbered
and howled after each smack. My friend, Henrietta, commented on
all this squirming and asked me to hold the girl's legs, as she
was beginning to lift her feet in an attempt to ward off the
strap's painful caresses.

I took hold of her thighs and held his legs down. My fingers were
digging into the soft, smooth, girl-flesh. There was a big red
patch on each buttock, and her squirming seemed to increase as
the spanking continued. It must have stung and burned horribly.
Henrietta, obviously an expert at delivering a red hot spanking,
continued the slow, hard strokes. She asked me to grasp her feet
and twist them gently outward, to "improve the angle." When I did
so, it forced her to stick her bottom up even more and made her
deep crack open up until I could see the pink little pucker of
her anus right in the center. As she bounced around, her little
pussy slit would sometimes swing into view. Henrietta spanked the
tender insides of her cleft, producing loud screams from the
helpless child. I pulled the panties off one leg leaving them
hanging on the left then twisted even more on her feet and spread
her legs as far as I could. Jan tossed her bottom violently and
the little pink hole was exposed even more. Henrietta took quick
advantage and stroked the strap at an angle so it bit into the
sensitive area stinging the little rosebud anal hole. The girl
really cried and screamed at this! We worked together, Henrietta
and I, to repeat this technique several times. The strap was
split into two strips near the end. This was designed to allow
the strap to be extra flexible and as a result the strokes would
visit inside the cleft of the young girl's cheeks and not only
get onto her anal hole but sometimes it wrapped deeply around her
bottom cheek and snapped onto the pussy slit! To my delight this
technique worked well and soon Jan was begging for mercy. By now
her bottom was beet red all over the surface and inside the
crack, her little hole looked sore and fire hot!

"Incorrigible child!" said Henrietta as she administered a few
more strokes of the taws. The girl's bottom wiggled and surged
and she cried and begged. Holding her feet was quite a challenge
as she tried to get free. After what must have been thirty five
hard strokes of the leather strap, each having been accompanied
by Jan's shrieks and screams, she ceased. As soon as Henrietta
relaxed her grip on the little girl, Jan quickly struggled to her
feet. Her howls gradually subsided as she danced around with both
hands cupping her fire hot bottom.

She stumbled around as her underpants were still on one ankle not
even taking notice at how fascinated I was at the sight of her
hairless slit now in full view. I was blushing and secretly my
panties were soaked, and although Jan was unaware of my
embarrassment, Henrietta smiled, knowingly.

Tears streaked the girl's innocent face. She bent over and tugged
at her panties. Before she could cover her nakedness, I couldn't
resist touching the swollen, crimson bottom. It was actually hot
to the touch. I shamelessly felt her bare behind, but Jan twisted
and writhed, trying to get her bottom away from me and get it
covered again with her panties. Then she ran for her velvet
shorts, still sniffling in humiliation and pain.

"Jan, go to your room and undress. Put on your nightshirt and
then you may come out again." She looked quite glad to be able to
escape from us. I realized it was Henrietta's policy to put the
child to bed after being spanked.

Carefully placing the punishment strap on the table next to the
silver tea service, my friend asked me if I would like a bit more
tea, which I accepted, and sat back to compose myself. Henrietta
excused herself and I saw her enter the large, Victorian bathroom
just down the wide hall.

I wondered why she was in the bathroom so long, opening cupboards
and running water. Then, what a shock! She came out with a
twinkle in her eye," I think you might enjoy seeing Jan get an
enema. Jan gets them sometimes and I had planned one for tonight
anyway."

Henrietta was carrying, on a bath towel, a large red, rubber
cushion, which had a black, hard rubber nozzle sticking directly
up from its center. I had never actually seen one before, but
recognized it from a picture in a mail order catalog as a sit-
upon enema fountain. It is designed so that when the girl sits
down, the thick hard rubber nozzle enters the anus impaling its
victim. The girl's weight causes the enema solution to jet up
like a geyser into her colon resulting in the enema being quickly
and forcefully delivered ensuring that the fluid all stays in the
girl's lower belly! This method is quite painful but a very
effective way to clean out a girl!

"Oh! Yes!" I exclaimed with delight at the chance to witness this
procedure. "I would very much like to see you do it to her and I
can learn how it's done." Henrietta placed the device on Jan's
stool and went back for more equipment: a jar with some sort of
liquid in it, a damp washcloth and a red rubber glove.

She was just pulling on the rubber glove when the young girl
crept back into the room clad only in her nightshirt. It was a
short garment, barely reaching the top of her thighs. How cute
the girl was in her panties and night shirt with her naked legs,
long and slender, and the panty clad bottom just barely visible
peeping out from under the night shirt.

At first she gazed up at her Nanny, and then she stared at the
rubber glove being installed and turned to gape at the enema
cushion. I could sense her heart falling down into her stomach. I
wondered if she was going to jump out the window. She obviously
realized she was about to receive a public enema with me as a
witness! She locked her gaze on the thick, black nozzle waiting
for her to sit on it. Her huge, round, pretty-girl eyes with
their long, curling lashes welled with tears, and she murmured,
"Puh-leeze, Nanny, wait until later! Don't do it now!" The girl
was clenching her legs together, her hands down in front trying
to cover her panties at the pussy mound.

"No, Jan, we are going to do it right now. We are going to take
our time and give you a prolonged, thorough enema, and Miss
Marwood is going to assist me while I explain everything to her.
If she wants to pursue a career as governess these are things she
must know!" The child's humiliation was unlike anything I had
ever seen before.

Henrietta was arranging the towel, on which she placed the enema
cushion, which was obviously bulging with hot water. She
continued, "Come on, Jan, climb over my lap!" She dragged the
girl back into the same spanking position. Then delicately lifted
her nightshirt and peeled the cotton panties down the slender
legs and off. Her bottom cheeks still glowed like a red sunset.
Jan was now remarkably submissive, considering what was going to
happen to her.

Henrietta unscrewed the cover from the jar she had brought from
the bathroom, and as she dipped a delicate finger into the
slippery substance, called me over and asked me to spread the
girl's cheeks wide. Jan moaned in humiliation and tried to clench
her buttocks, but now Henrietta's finger made little circles
around her little pucker, and then plunged deeply into the tight
rectum.

Jan immediately cried out and started to wiggle like a fish."
Stop that this instant", warned Henrietta. "I will go get the
spanking strap again if you don't!"

I looked at Henrietta with a look of wonder at why the girl cried
and wiggled so. Henrietta explained, "This is a special
lubrication mix I invented, half parts liquid glycerin and fresh
ground ginger root. It lubricates the minx's little hole for the
enema while the ground ginger imparts a hot burning sensation and
makes Jan want to open up. The mixture burns a lot if she
clenches. Furthermore the glycerin itself makes her have a strong
urge to go. In a few minutes the enema will add to this urge and
result in a good cramping for her too"

Henrietta worked her finger deep in the girl's rectum returning
often to the jar for another load of the mixture. The girl
groaned and hissed as a new finger coated with the thick special
mix went deep in her bottom. Henrietta just ignored the girl and
kept plunging the finger in then working it around stretching the
young anus while building up the burn there.

The girl's agitation was becoming quite pronounced, and she began
pleading "Nanny, it burns! It burns!!...oohhh." She moved her
bottom as if she were trying to expel the unwelcome finger which
was now creating an almost unbearable heat in her nether regions.

Jan was allowed to stand up, looking very outraged and nervous.
Henrietta continued her explanation. The "Geyser Enema" bag
contained hot soapy water and that she was going to sit on it,
and that her own weight would provide the pressure to deliver the
enema up into her bowels swelling her little tummy and causing
painful labor-like cramps.

"Jan knows that as long as she sits on the rubber bag, the nozzle
will stay sealed up her bottom hole preventing her from releasing
the mixture. She knows that I like to wait a while to let the
enema work thoroughly", said Henrietta. She put her arm around
the girl, who hung her head and began sobbing in humiliation.

"Would you believe it? We are still trying to get this stubborn
child to go to the toilet as soon as she feels the urge, but no,
she procrastinates, still wanting to play, and then becomes quite
constipated. Of course, I then have to give her an enema. You
refused to go 'pottie' this again this morning, didn't you, young
lady?"

"Honest, Nanny, I tried," the girl sobbed, "but I just couldn't
with you watching me like that!"

"And how long has it been since I made you sit on the enema
bag?'"

"I dunno, Nanny."

"Nearly a week, I think, and you still haven't learned, so you
have to be given an enema again. This time I plan to make it a
long and painful one too! This will teach you to obey and go when
you're told" She guided Jan to the stool and the waiting enema
cushion. "Now, Jan, you know what you have to do...I'm waiting."
and she nodded significantly at the spanking strap which was
still within easy reach.

Jan turned back to the stool and crept backwards toward it,
lifting her nightshirt in back. Henrietta held the nozzle, which
had also been coated with the glycerin mixture, and guided it
between her spread bottom cheeks to the tight anus and let her
sink down until it entered. She was weeping steadily and looking
miserable as she lowered himself on the slippery impalement a
little at a time. I knew the half- inch-thick hard rubber nozzle
was entering her small rectum and forcing a painful expression.
"Oh, oh, it hurts, it hurts!"

"Sit down all the way and let it go in, or I will get the strap,
you bad girl."

"It's too hot, Nanny! It hurts me." The moment the flaming skin
of her freshly spanked bottom contacted the hot rubber she
screamed and jumped off the stool.

At this Henrietta seized her by her shoulders and forced her back
on the geyser ring, bending down behind her again to guide the
fat black nozzle up into her greased rectum. "Ahhh, aahhh,
Nooooooooo" Jan cried, feeling once again the intruder's
unwelcome invasion. The girl was forced by Henrietta to lower
herself all the way down, the thick nozzle impaling her until her
butt cheeks were sitting on the hot rubber cushion. Then
Henrietta slipped the nightgown off her head and had her entirely
nude and totally embarrassed, as tears coursed down her
pretty-girl cheeks.

Her feet were pumping up and down off the floor in an attempt to
ease the touch of the hot rubber enema bag with that fat, stiff
nozzle going up inside her. The glycerin-ginger mix was working
strongly now as it imparted a hot as fire burning to her little
stretched hole. The girl wept and begged "Nanny, please it hurts,
it hurtsIt burns ohhhhhhhh"

In this position, her thighs were splayed out and her little girl
genitals were thrust forward in a public display. The legs were
still working up and down trying to keep first one then the other
tender cheek off the hot bag. I have never seen such a show of
squirming girl flesh and the girl's pussy slit was touching that
hot bag as she worked about too! This was my first close-up and
prolonged view of the equipment of a ten-year-old female. Her
cunt was a mere slit in her lower belly, totally hairless. Her
genital mound was plump and looked so soft.

Henrietta reached her hand right under the girl's cunt so she
could reach the spigot, which she rotated, starting the flow. The
girl's mound with its virgin slit held my rapt attention as she
said, "Oooooooooow! It's too hot, Nanny!" She tried vainly to
rise, but Henrietta held her down as the hot soapy water shot
like an eruption up into the girl's bowel.

"Stop making such a fuss, child, and sit right back down on this
bag!" Henrietta reached around and grabbed the girl's thighs at
the knee lifting her feet up off the floor causing Jan to bear
her full weight on the bag! This made the water surge up into the
girl and her tummy could be seen swelling bigger and bigger. The
girl groaned and tears were running down her face now.

I could see Jan was beginning to fill with the hot soapsuds
enema. Her face registered extreme discomfort. She had forgotten
to be embarrassed at being completely nude in my presence, and
was much too distressed to be aware that I was flushed and
clearly showing signs of excitement, even arousal, at her plight.

I have always thought it a perfect profession for me to be a
governess, and had recently accepted a position as a Nanny for a
family with three children: all girls ten, nine and eleven. This
visit was an enlightenment to me, and I rationalized that I was
learning how I might implement some of Henrietta's methods with
my own charges should the necessity arise. (Betsy, the
nine-year-old, was notoriously costive and I knew that I would
soon be giving her first enema to correct the problem). But back
to the present:

Jan was now totally humiliated, begging to be allowed to rise
from her seat of torment, and expel the hot, painful enema. The
solution continued to surge up into the youngster's gut and you
could see her belly begin to swell. Jan groaned and rocked
forward and backward to try to stop the building cramps. Soon the
bag was almost empty and Henrietta again reached between the
girl's legs to feel the swollen belly and to shut off the spigot
so that the foul liquid could not run back into the bag.

Henrietta smiled at me as she looked back at Jan and said "You
will have to sit here and let the enema work for ten minutes. Do
not try to get up or it will be more of the spanking strap and
you'll have to get the enema all over again!" With that,
Henrietta started a timer and set it on a table near the
desperate girl.

"I have an idea, want to help me with Jan?" asked Henrietta.

"I jumped at the chance,"Yesss what can I do?"

"Tell you what, kneel beside Jan on her left side and I will do
the same on her right. " I quickly complied. "Now splay her leg
out wide and pin her foot between your knees. I will do the same
over here. This will to stop her from pumping her legs and feet
and will ensure her bottom stays right on the bag and the nozzle
is properly up her anus!" Henrietta said with an evil grin.

Ten minutes is a long time when your guts are racked with cramps.
The girl's belly was distended and you could see the muscles
heaving with cramps as her bowel tried in vain to eject the hot
soapy liquid. Jan grunted and groaned and cried and promised
anything to be allowed upall to no avail as we held her legs
stretched out wide and watched with a gleeful smile.

I was fascinated at what I saw. The girl was crying and sweat was
running down her forehead. Her little chest was wet with sweat
too and she shook in her distress. Never did I think that an
enema could be so punishing! Jan tried to rock back and forth but
we stopped that by reaching up and holding her arms. I also took
the opportunity to feel the girl's swollen lower belly. It was
distended and surging with cramps which came in great waves. You
could feel the girl shiver and fight hard when they came. It was
something I will always remember!

Finally the timer bell rang. Henrietta carefully replaced the
nightgown over the girl's head and shoulders, and, helping her
rise from the enema cushion, placed a folded washcloth up in the
girl's crack pressing tightly against her rectum to retain the
solution until they reached the bathroom. And although the
nightgown now covered the girl's swollen belly and pussy slit, a
picture flashed through my mind of how pregnant the young girl
looked just like she was in labor being lead crying loudly to the
delivery room. I chuckled to myself at the silly sight.

As Henrietta and Jan took their leave, I too, decided to depart,
much as would have liked to continue with participation in this
unexpected event. I thanked my friend, admonished Jan to be a
good girl (she was obviously griping with having the enema still
being held) and left.

Diary, I am thrilled at having been privy to such an incredible
experience, and look forward to my new job as governess for
Betsey, Elizabeth and Jane. And you, dear Diary, will be she
first to know of my own experiences dealing with these three
lovely children for whom I have been employed to manage and
handle their most personal activities and discipline.

