You wake from a short nap after sex and roll over to say hello. But your wrists are tied to the bed posts. Looking down your ankles are tied also. Looking closer at the ropes, you see they are sturdy 1/2" ropes, looped around your ankles and wrists several times, with the knots way out of reach. You also realize you are alone. 

After a few minutes I come back in the room, still naked as we were earlier, but I have some items in my hands. You see a feather and some oil and a vibrator. You smile because you know they will be used on you. I set the items on the dresser and bend over you to kiss you. 

"Did you have a nice nap?" I ask you. You nod. "I brought some toys to play with" I tell you. I kiss you again and get up. Picking up the feather I say "Tickling first I think". A chill runs up your spine, as you know there is
no way to stop me. 

I start with your tits, lightly brushing them in circles closing on your nipples. You are giggling, making it hard to breathe. One then the other, back and forth 3, 4 5 times. I have to pause now and then so you can catch your breath. Your nipples are standing straight and hard. I start tickling you
lower, down your sides, over your stomach, ringing your belly button. Lower still, up and down your thighs, inside and out, pausing now and then so you can almost catch your breathe. Down your calves, to the soles of your feet. Light caresses causing your whole body to twitch as you laugh so hard you cry. 

Finally I have had enough with the feather, I reach for the oil. Starting with your feet, I pour oil on your skin, you sniff and it is your favorite flavor. I rub it in with strong motions. Your soles, your toes, the tops of your feel. Then your calves, loosening the muscles that were so tight from the tickling. Reaching around your legs, massaging all your muscles. Up your thighs, inside and out, strong hands. Rubbing so close to your pussy, just grazing your lips, then on to your stomach and sides, up to your tits. Rubbing more oil into your tits, massaging your full round globes. Tweaking your nipples, making sure they get as hard as possible. Then up to your shoulders and neck, down each arm, slippery with more oil, down to your hands and fingers. 

Pouring more oil into the palm of one of your hands, I place my hard cock in your palm. You close your hand around my penis and I slide it in and out of your hand. I move over you and you see me cock coming closer to your mouth. You stretch your neck to lick it, but I pause just out of reach. I smile and lower myself, cock first into your hot, wet mouth. You try to give me a blow job, but being tied up throes off your motions, so I take over and slide my member in and out of your waiting mouth. 

I reach down and fondle your tits while I fuck your mouth. Before I cum down your throat I move. Straddling your body, I push your oily tits together around my cock. you can bend your neck enough to lick the head of my cock as it slide out from between your tits. Twisting your head a little you can also lick your nipples. After a couple of minutes I stop as I am about to cum, but I want to save it. I climb off and get the oil again. 

I pour a stream just above your pussy, letting it drip slowly down your lips. My fingers follow the path, tracing your lips, slippery with oil. My fingers slip into your pussy, just barely penetrating, and sliding up to your clit. After all this teasing you cum at first contact with your sensitive sexual organ. I start rubbing your clit in circles while your first of many orgasms roll through your body. 

My other hand has started to penetrate your pussy. Sliding 2 fingers up into you, gently caressing your inner walls. Then out enough to slide along your lips, returning inside your tight tunnel of love. Your clit is throbbing, my finger circles and rubs up and down, side to side, round and round, not stopping as you roll through several orgasms. Slowly I withdraw my fingers. 

I move in close to your mouth and lick some of your juices, then kissing you and letting you lick my fingers too. You see me move back to the dresser and I grab 2 small vibrators. I turn them on and hold one in each hand. 

Sitting over your hips, you feel my cock and balls on your stomach. I tease your tits again, one vibrator on each one. Round and round, up to your nipples. Then both vibrators on one nipple, then the other. Then down your body, I slide the vibrators, tracing patterns on your stomach and sides, Hearts and "I love U"s are faintly visible on your oily skin. 

Finally I reach your pussy again. Slowly I trace your pussy lips. Then slowly, very slowly, insert one vibrator into your cunt, causing you to cum again. When it finally is in, I trace half circles around your clit, close enough to send you through another orgasm. Before you are done with that orgasm I move the second vibrator right to your clit, circling it and pushing you right into a longer orgasm, then arching the vibrator inside of you up to your g-spot and massaging you to a massive orgasm. 

Turning off the vibrators, I lean down and kiss your neck. I let you catch your breath and then give you more deep kisses. My hand slides down to your pussy, feeling how wet you are. Tracing your lips. Sliding lower, following the wet trail down to your ass. Kissing you deeply I trace my finger around
your wet asshole. 

I kiss my way down your body, stopping at your clit. I lick you through an orgasm as my finger teases open your tight ass. Moving still lower, I lick your lips and then my tongue replaces my finger at your ass. I slip my tongue around, then push the tip into your ass. I turn on one of the small vibrators and circle your clit. As you approach orgasm, I push my tongue further into your ass. 

As you catch your breath I coat the small vibrator with oil. Kissing your pussy I slide the vibrator down to your ass. Very slowly penetrating as I suck on your clit. As you cum again, the vibrator slips into your ass. I slowly move the vibrator in and out, loosening your last hole. Slowly your ass loosens as I lick and suck your pussy. I remove the vibrator and slip between your legs. I kiss you as I rub oil on my cock. Placing the head of my penis up to your asshole, I tell you to relax. 

I slowly circle your clit with a a finger as I push into your ass. A you stretch to fit me, I begin to slide in. Very short motions allow me access further and further into your ass. As I penetrate your ass my finger continue to rub your pussy and clit. You loosen enough to slide faster. Faster and faster, I'm fucking your ass. My finger circling and rubbing your clit, trying to get you to cum when I cum. My cock swells and I pump spurt after spurt of cum up your ass. After a few seconds to recover, I slip out of your ass and give you a long, soft kiss. I untie the ropes and hug and kiss you more.