ORPHANAGE TEACHER

[TESTICLES] Other: Feminiztion

By Jam

I entered the office of Mrs. Boxworth, the Headmistress of the
orphanage, with trepidation. She sat at her desk, wearing a
high-necked white blouse and a black skirt that reached to her
ankles, not quite covering the high-top black shoes. The blouse
swelled in front, asserting the presence of her magnificent
breasts that was famous among the boys of the school, almost as
famous as the severity of her punishments. I handed her the note
I was carrying from my classroom teacher. She read it with arched
eyebrows and a grim, determined smile.

"So, James, Miss Sullivan has sent you to me for 'special'
discipline. You have been very, very wicked. Do you admit your
offense?"

"Yes ma'am, Miss Sullivan . . . saw me."

"And will you please describe your iniquity to me?"

"I ... I was in the restroom ... you know, touching myself."

She drew in her breath sharply. "I see. James, that practice is
not only disgusting and immoral, but more harmful than you can
even know. I shall have to punish you very severely, for your own
good."

Mrs. Boxworth led me into a small adjoining room, and closed the
heavy door behind us. In the center of the room was a
straight-backed wooden chair, of curious design I had not seen
before. A large U-shaped gap bit into the front edge of the seat,
so that an occupant would be supported along his thighs and
buttocks, but his crotch would hang suspended over the gap. A low
stool stood in front of it. An assortment of whips, paddles, and
rods of various shapes hung on one wall. I knew that I was in for
a whipping, but the array of implements puzzled me: they all
seemed too flimsy and light of weight to do much damage to a
teenage boy's buttocks. I began to have an ominous sense of
foreboding, without understanding why. "What ... what are you
going to do to me, Mrs. Boxworth?" "This is your first time to
receive 'special' discipline, isn't it, James. Of course, you are
to be spanked, but I think that you will find that it far exceeds
your expectations. Now remove your britches and underwear,
please."

School spankings were always administered on bare flesh, and I
was not surprised at her order. I dropped my trousers and stepped
out of them, standing shyly before her, naked from the waist
down. I expected the usual "bend over and grab your ankles"; but
instead, she set me in the half-bottomed chair and produced four
short leather straps with which she bound my hands behind the
back of the chair and my ankles to the chair legs. Finally she
took a wooden rod that terminated at each end in a padded "Y" and
placed it between my legs, looping leather thongs around each
knee to keep it in place. The rod held my legs widely apart, and
my naked genitals, dangling above the gap in the seat, were fully
exposed to her. I was terribly anxious at these proceedings.

"What is that for? Please, Mrs. Boxworth, what are you going to
do to me?"

She smiled, and explained, "The discipline you are about to
receive is 'special' because it is applied to the 'special' parts
of a young man, on which whipping is most effective. This brace
will keep your legs separated, and you readily accessible."

I could scarcely believe what she was implying. "What... what do
you mean?"

"Don't you understand yet? I mean, James, that you are to be
whipped on your male organs." I shuddered in horror. "No! Please!
I couldn't bear it!"

She looked at me with genuine sympathy, and gently stroked my
cheek. "Then pray for courage."

She withdrew from the wall a short rod that broadened at the end
into a small paddle, rather like a miniature carpet beater. She
drew the stool up in front of me and sat down. "Now James, we are
ready to begin. I have secured you into this position so that you
may watch the proceedings. I'm sure they will interest you
greatly."

She held her implement in front of my eyes. The small paddle on
the end was cupped, rather like a soup ladle, and I shuddered to
think for what purpose. "We call this the 'slapper,' and you will
come to know it well; it will be your faithful friend in leading
you from the paths of iniquity."

She moved the slapper between my legs and brought it up slowly to
my testicles, which fit neatly into the cup of the paddle, and
hefted them in a gentle, almost caressing motion, "It is
appropriate, is it not, to apply the discipline here, for these
small Glands and their little appendix were the seat of your
offense. Perhaps you did not know, as you were engaged in that
loathsome act, that they can provide agony even beyond the
wildest ecstasy?"

In spite of my fear, the gentle oscillation of my organs began to
have an effect. My penis stretched and reared its head. "James!
What is the meaning of this lewd insolence! Do you flaunt your
carnality even in my face? Cease this disgusting display at
once!" I pleaded, "But Mrs. Boxworth, I can't help it when you...
you're making it ..."

"What, do you blame me for your wantonness? I'll make you sorry!"
She lowered the rod and then with a flick of her wrist brought it
up sharply between my legs. There was no doubt of her practiced
skill as the paddle made precise impact with my testicles in a
clearly audible "spat". A searing pain gripped my viscera and I
howled in misery.

"There, that's better. Your member has lost its lascivious
tension. What, are you in pain already? But we're just beginning.
Watch, James." I tried to close my thighs to protect the
vulnerable targets, but the brace kept them apart. She delivered
three more quick slaps to my manhood, leaving me shivering in
agony.

"Now, young man, as I have your attention, we will discuss the
loathsome practice of self-abuse." She began telling me of the
evil and injury resulting from the practice of my vice,
punctuating her words with regular assaults on my genital sacs.
She applied the punishment in unhurried, measured strikes. Each
began with a swift upward flick of her wrist, executed with a
practiced skill, catching my dangling testicles precisely in the
cup of the slapper with a quiet but devastating "spat". As the
resulting wave of pain and nausea washed over me, she held the
slapper against my glands, cradling them in a soothing gesture.
As the agony began to gradually subside, she slowly lowered her
wrist and began again.

The torment I suffered was awful, worse than I could ever have
imagined. Yet after some time, an unexplainable transformation
began to take place. The pain was no less, but its very intensity
confused and altered my senses. I felt a glowing heat at the core
of my manhood, and the ache crossed over and became an
indescribable sweetness. With each upward sweep of the slapper I
began to welcome the blows on my tender bulbs, to relish being
tied helplessly before this terrible but beautiful woman. I felt
myself opening to her, spreading my legs and sliding my hips
forward, offering my vulnerable maleness to her intimate caress.
Through a haze I thought I saw just the trace of a smile on her
lips.

Finally she ceased, put away the slapper, and allowed me to catch
my breath. "You took that well, James, with humility and
acceptance. Now we are ready for your next lesson. "Returning to
the wall, she took down another implement, a wooden rod about a
foot long to which a half-dozen short leather straps dangled from
the end. She sat down and pointed the rod at my penis, a
shriveled bud after the punishment of my glands.

"Now we shall address another part of your person, James. It is
this small member that was the object of your lascivious
mischief, was it not?"

"Are you going to . . . beat it like the other?"

"Yes, and no, James. We will whip it, certainly, but our purpose
will be somewhat different as you shall presently see."

She began flicking the whip back and forth across my flaccid
penis. The punishment was surprisingly gentle, producing a light
stinging that was almost pleasant, and certainly stimulating. My
member, well trained by the regular but unsophisticated
attentions of my own hand, began to respond the novel sensations.
I recalled her earlier displeasure at this response and tried to
suppress its insurrection by force of will, but it rose
rebelliously in my lap.

"Well, James, it seems as if our work is not yet finished. Would
you care to explain this manifestation?"

"I'm sorry! I know it's wrong, but I can't help it." I knew
better than to imply that it was her actions producing my
insolent erection.

To my surprise, Mrs. Boxworth accepted my apology. "I know,
James, I know. This organ is surely the seat of a young man's
temptations. It recognizes no master, but arises disobediently at
its own impulse, and subordinates his will to its own voluptuous
needs. See how it lewdly swells and puts itself forth to my whip,
though I know you struggle against it."

"I'm trying to make it .. . go down, but it won't." I was
thoroughly off balance now by her unexpected sympathy. She
continued to flick the whip across my erect penis from side to
side, with increasing intensity. The whipping leather stung and
turned my bobbing organ an extraordinary shade of red, but I
found the sensations far from unpleasant.

"No, James, it is too strong for you alone. Do you feel how your
member throbs and stings, James? The very Devil is in your flesh,
and we must draw him out. We must whip the Devil out of your
member, James, and make your organ hu in your glands with the
slapper, and now I'm going to whip the semen out of your member."

She maintained the maddening stinging rain on my penis, as I
arched my hips in the chair to meet the whip. I could not believe
this was happening, but I did not question it. The combination of
pain and pleasure in my organ transported me into an almost
unbearable rapture. "Please, whip it, whip the semen out. Oh!
Mrs.Boxworth! I feel . . . Oh!"

"It's starting, James, the Devil is starting to let go. Press him
dear, bear down and push the Devil's semen out."

She continued to whip my penis from side to side as it throbbed
and jerked, and the spasms of release began. But when the first
pearly stream burst from the tip of my penis, she withheld the
whip, and encouraged me only with words. "There, that's it,
James. Push for us. Push the Devil out of your member."

I was wild with urgency as she stood idly aside, watching my
penis ejaculating nakedly by itself. "Please, ma'am, please! Whip
it! Whip it some more!" I begged,desperate for her touch.

"No, James, I've done my work. We must not tempt the Devil with
further whipping, because he is making it feel too good right
now. Just go ahead and squeeze inside yourself, and express all
the semen for me."

I thrashed in my bonds, trying desperately to find a way to rub
my spasming penis on something. In an agony of frustration I
watched my naked and lonely organ, untouched, spurt jet after jet
of sperm into the empty air.

As I sat in the afterglow of release, covered in my own male
juices, I thought that there was an end. But Mrs. Boxworth had
one more surprise for me. Turning to the wall once more, she took
down an ivory-handled knife, with a short blade that curved at
the end into a cruel hook. The light gleamed on the blade, which
I saw was sharpened on the inside of the curve.

She reached down and encircled the neck of my scrotum with thumb
and forefinger, pinching my aching glands painfully. Her other
hand took the knife and held the wicked curve of the blade
against my sac, gently feeling for the precious testicles hidden
but vulnerable inside. I shuddered at the touch of the cold steel
on the wrinkled skin of my scrotum. "We have covered much ground
today, James. I hope that you have learned enough. But if these
arguments have not convinced you, there is one final measure I
will take. Castration will surely put an end to your vicious
habit. I would rather prune these fruit of carnality with the
gelding blade and let you live you live as a neuter, than allow
them to lead you to utter ruin."

Her words filled me with indescribable terror. I had no doubt of
her earnestness. "Please, please, Mrs. Boxworth, don't! I promise
to be good!"

She slid the razor-sharp knife over my scrotum, shaving off the
hairs. A few flicks of the blade, and I was as smooth and
hairless as a newborn babe. "There, that will serve as a
reminder, when next you feel inclined to yield to your unnatural
urges. Remember that if you are caught abusing your balls again,
I shall take more than your pubic hairs." I looked down at my
pink, denuded scrotum and blushed in humiliation.

There was no more punishment. She released me, and told me to
reflect carefully on what she had said. I left her office,
walking slowly and awkwardly, wincing with every step at the
lingering ache in my testicles, but as I walked and relived the
incredible punishment in my mind, another feeling grew within my
loins, welling up and consuming all else. I rushed into the hall
lavatory and locked myself within the toilet. Beside myself with
urgency that belied my recent release under her whip, I tore open
my trousers and stroked my member to a furious, shuddering
climax, spraying the walls of the toilet. with the jets of my
semen. Finally at ease, I rearranged my clothing when the door of
the toilet was opened and there stood Mrs. Boxworth with a smile
and evil gleam in her eye. "Well I see I going to prune your
fruit after all and she grabbed my arm and starting dragging me
down the hall. I started crying and screaming trying to get away,
but she was too strong and shook me as I fought her, I was crying
out "NO, NO, DON'T DO THIS TO ME!"

She merely laughed and said "You should have learned from the
last lesson I taught you, now I am going to solve this problem
permanently!" I screamed in terror and fell to the floor as I saw
the half-bottomed chair and the four short leather straps with
which she had used bind my hands behind the back of the chair and
my ankles to the chair legs last time. I again jumped up and
fought her with every fiber of my young body. I broke away and
was headed to the door just when Miss Sullivan came though the
door. I ran directly into her capturing arms.

Mrs. Boxworth said "hold him Alice" then Mrs. Boxworth grabbed my
jacket shoulders pulling the jacket shoulders down pinning my
arms behind me while Miss Sullivan grabbed my head and hair. I
screamed, "Mrs. Boxworth is going to hurt me!, Help me!" Miss
Sullivan laughed and said "Jane are you going help him to a
better world?" Mrs. Boxworth laughed and said, "He can't control
his own urging and castration is the only solution for a young
boy like him, Alice please help get him ready to receive the
treatment." Alice held me tight while Mrs. Boxworth started
working on the belt of my trousers. I Felt her hands loosen the
belt and I tried to break away but Miss Sullivan held me tight.
Quickly Mrs. Boxworth found the button on my pants and unzipped
me. dropping my pants to the floor. I screamed again and Miss
Sullivan said, "Can't you do something about his noise Jane?"
Mrs. Boxworth said, " Alice I have a gag I always use when
pruning boy fruit, wait while I just reach behind me." She took
something off the hook behind the door that looking like a
horse's harness, saying to Miss Sullivan, "Alice hold his head
up". I tried to break away again but Miss Sullivan grabbed me
hard saying to Mrs. Boxworth, "Jane you need to relax him" Mrs.
Boxworth reached inside my underwear rapped her hand around my
scrotum and squeezed tightly, I screamed and passed out.

When I came to I was aware that I was again tied in the open
bottomed chair and I could not say a word because my head had a
leather gag tied to my mouth covering all but my nose and eyes.
I watched Mrs. Boxworth and Miss Sullivan sit on Mrs. Boxworth
desk, they both were almost naked holding each other close and
were kissing each other hard on the mouth. Mrs. Boxworth said to
Miss Sullivan, " I love to castrate young boys as cute and sweet
as him. They are all too innocent and their nasty balls change
them. "I know" said Miss Sullivan "I am really getting turned on
with the thought of this castration myself. I really think almost
all men and boys should be castrated except those we would keep
for breeding purposes and those men should be castrated after 30
years of age, so they don't father any retards" Mrs. Boxworth
nodded and said, "I have to agree with you, Alice most men think
with their balls instead of their head and most of the problems
come from men". She then took Miss Sullivan to her and kissed her
full on the mouth while caressing the younger woman's breasts.
Miss Sullivan moaned, and moved her hands to the larger breasts
of Mrs. Boxworth caressing the nipples between her thumbs and
forefingers. Mrs. Boxworth moaned a deep happy sound and kissed
Miss Sullivan harder. I dropped my head and closed my eyes as the
two women had sex with each other.

I heard the to women stop making noises as they grew quite, then
I heard Miss Sullivan call, "Jane I am concerned won't he bleed
when his balls are cut off?" Mrs. Boxworth said. "When they are
at this age there is a little blood but they bounce back
quickly." Mrs. Boxworth got off her desk and said, "I have to
give him something to make him somewhat more cooperative before I
take his balls off". Miss Sullivan said "What is that?" as Mrs.
Boxworth produced a syringe and a bottle. Sticking the needle
into the bottle she due out an amount of the fluid and tapped the
syringe and smiled. "I get it from my sister, who is a doctor"
she said smiling "she has found a large number of men in the town
requiring castration with cancer of the testicles or prostrate,
they usually beat their wives. It is surprising how much that
happens" and she and Miss Sullivan laughed.

Mrs. Boxworth took the syringe and looked me in the eyes and said
"this will make your change easier". I started crying, as she
walked across the floor towards me smiling "Oh he so cute." I
tried to scream as the needle hit a vein and she squirted the
liquid into me. I became light headed and the room seemed to spin
around. Mrs. Boxworth raised my head up and looked into my eyes
smiled and looked over to Miss Sullivan and said, "He is almost
ready." I could not seem to focus on anything but knew I wanted
to escape" Miss Sullivan walked around and lifted my head again
and asked, "Jane I am so turned on, can we do him now?" Mrs.
Boxworth looked into my eyes again and said, "he is ready, If you
want to watch you have to wash him and yourself before I castrate
him." Miss Sullivan walked over and removed a wash basin from
the Mrs. Boxworths closet and carried it over the taps and began
filling the basin. She asked, "Jane do you want me to wash him
with this soap bar?" Mrs. Boxworth told her no there was liquid
soap next to basin and told her to make sure the water was very
warm but not hot.

Miss Sullivan approached me with the wash basin and warm soapy
water and began washing my penis and balls pulling on my scrotum
and squeezing my sore ballsack. She called over her shoulder,
"his scrotum is already shaved Jane" as she worked the soap into
my scrotum. Mrs. Boxworth said, "I know I shaved him less that
two hours ago, I had no idea I would be pruning his fruit so
soon."

I felt sick and light headed and room began to spin again, when I
heard Miss Sullivan say, "Jane he has a erection just when his
balls are going to be cut off". She smiled and continued washing
me, working my scrotum. Mrs. Boxworth was washing at the sink and
said over her shoulder, "ever heard of being scared straight" and
they both laughed hard. Mrs. Boxworth finished and had gloved
hands as she waked over and looking a Miss Sullivan she smiled
and said, "That is good Alice now go wash up and put on the
gloves I have lain out for you and you can assist in the
pruning". Miss Sullivan soon returned and I thought I was going
to pass out, it would have been more merciful if I had.

Mrs. Boxworth once more, had the ivory-handled knife, with the
short curved blade. The light gleamed on the blade. She reached
down and encircled the neck of my scrotum with thumb and
forefinger, pinching my scrotum and then releasing my scrotum.
She smiled and gently placed her up turned palm under my
ballsack, I realized she was weighting my testicles. "Alice his
fruit is ready for picking", and Alice came forward watching
closely as Mrs. Boxworth took the knife and held the wicked curve
of the blade against my sac, gently feeling for the precious
testicles. I screamed inside at the touch of the cold steel on
the wrinkled skin of my scrotum. Mrs. Boxworth was going to take
the final measure. "This castration will surely put an end to
your vicious habits" she breathed. "I am going to prune your
fruits with the gelding blade and let you live your live
differently."

Her words filled me with indescribable terror.. "Please, please,
Mrs. Boxworth, don't! I promise to be good! I tried to scream
around the gag"

She slid the razor-sharp knife over my scrotum, opening two cuts
on either side I stared like I was outside my body and watching
this happen to someone else, not me. She said to Miss Sullivan,
"Now all I have to do is give his scrotum a little squeeze and
there they are". She moved her hand and I looked as my testicles
were fully exposed to the air. Miss Sullivan was standing there
besides Mrs. Boxworth I remember her eyes had a strange glazed
look. "Now Alice all I have to do is split the membrane" as she
reached for my right testicle and "cut thought the sack, pared it
back, and cut the ball off". I watched is stark disbelieve as she
raised her left hand and my right testicle was in her upturned
palm. "Now I going to get his left and his problems will be
over". She again reached over and closed her hand over my left
testicle, moved the knife over the membrane, pared it back and
made two little movements of the knife and I was castrated.

I passed out as she said, "Alice I going to close, hand me the
thread out that little basin and we take him to the infirmary". I
awoke two days later tied to the bed with a little tent over my
pubic mound. Mrs. Boxworth came in and said "I glad you are
waking up I want you to get out of the bed" as she untied my
restraints. I told her "I hate you" She smiled and said all
little boys feel like that until their hormones are adjusted,
"now get up" as she uncovered my nakedness. I tried to cover
myself and hit my penis. The pain was so intense I almost passed
out. "Now get up you have to pee and start moving around" Mrs.
Boxworth said sternly grabbing me by the hair and dragging me off
he the bed roughly. I cried out against the rough treatment my
young violated body was receiving. The pain between legs was
searing but I did not want her to know it so I gently slowly
moved to a setting position while she eyed my nakedness. "Good
now get to your feet and go pee". I gingerly got to my feet,
tried to walk to the toilet nearly collapsing before I reached
the toilet. I leaned against the top the toilet shaking. She came
up behind me said, "You no longer stand to pee." I started crying
and she put her firm hand on my shoulder I tried to pull away but
I was too weak and she was too strong. She reached over and
lowered the toilet seat and pushed down on my shoulder hard. I
resisted her but finally sank to the seat. I felt the cold seat
against my young tender cheeks and felt the dull ache between my
legs. I looked at my scrotum for the first time and saw the red
enflamed shrunken violated skin, and felt hot tears running down
my cheeks. Mrs. Boxworth had a huge smile on her face and said to
me, "pee then we can get you cleaned up and ready for your new
life". I heard little over the tears and the ringing in my ears.
I started to pee and felt the pain of my castration. I finished
peeing and tried to get up from the toilet and began feeling
light headed nearly collapsing again. She reached down and
steadied me and helped me to my feet, as she did, she reached
around and handed my penis. I cried out in pain again and she
smiled again, "It looks like a perfect castration job, no
infection, a little pain, clearing drainage at the stitches, you
are going to make it". She went on handling me and said, "You
will never be able to have sex with a girl but that is just part
of your new future".

I reeled in her arms as she helped me back to bed. She laid me
out and took a basin from under bed, setting down on the bed side
began giving me a warm sponge bath I closed my eyes feeling hot
tears flowing again as she washed my naked body. She avoided the
area of my violation until the last. She then said "get ready
for a little pain I going to have to clean your surgery now so
do not move, it will only hurt more if you move." Bracing myself
I felt her hand on my penis, the pain was intense but she was
gentle and easy with the sponge and she told me as she washed
that soon my penis would be "nice and soft" and I would not have
to worry about any more erections and the male sexual urging. I
felt like crying as the pain came though loud and clear with her
handling me. She finally said " I'm all done, do you want some
underwear? I nodded my head slowly not even opening my eyes. She
said, "good and felt her get up off the bed and heard her leave
the room.

She was soon back through the door with something in her hands.
She said "get up darling", I opened my eyes upon hearing this
endearment used and saw to my shock the underwear she was holding
did it not look like boy underwear at all. I said to her, "that's
not boy underwear". She merely smiled "you're not a boy anymore,
I intend to train you, and make you a first class eunuch in body
and soul". I started crying again and she came over and started
raising me out of the bed. I started to fight back with my anger
and she slapped me across the jaw so hard I saw stars. "Now stop
fighting this, I am doing you a favor by giving you a chance to
have a good life as a eunuch boy." I started to pull away again
and she said "Do you want me to call Alice in here to help me
dress you?" I only shook my head and continued sobbing. "Very
well get up and step into these" she held a pair of shiny silky
panties and I steadied myself to step into the panties. As I
looked in the underwear I saw something that shocked me even
more, I stopped with one foot in and said to Mrs. Boxworth "What
is that?". She smiled and said, "A sanitary napkin, you need to
wear this until the discharge from the surgery stops."

Warm tears flowed as she pulled the panties to my then slim
boyish hips, feeling the pain of my surgery pound into my head my
change in life. She had emasculated me making me a eunuch boy.






