Peter watched Chris and Jane ride off, then turned to face his father. "Well, that's that plan screwed."
"Indeed," Alex replied, "But if I'm any judge, Kirk will make the next move."
"Why?"
"Because the first thing he's going to do is check the two ladies he has with him for influence, and when he won't find any, I think he'll try approaching us directly. He has no options left. And then he'll get the results of the personality debrief on the man who he sent after you. You didn't influence him, right?"
"No."
"Good. Kirk should get the message of our honourable approach. Apply that to the fact we revealed ourselves rather than simply attack and he'll no doubt see we want an open conflict. Which is the only type he can now wage on us."
"You're sure you're not overestimating his intelligence?"
"He managed to connect us to werewolves. Now, that's inaccurate, but it's close enough and was done on little enough evidence to give me some confidence in his deductive ability. Anyway, come on. We'll have dinner at the club."
They maintained a peaceable silence, walking the streets of the capital, until they fetched up at the door of the Wellspring club. 
***
The Suzuki rolled to a halt somewhere in Docklands outside one of the converted warehouses now populated by the well-off. In this case, half a million quid in readies just to buy the flat. Chris Sayer's cousins had done a lot better than most of the family.
"Jane, follow me up, would you?"
"Yes, Chris."
He grinned to himself at that. She had the absolute perfect voice for this. Subservience in the extreme, topped off with that meek and mild voice. Once deceptively so, he imagined, back when she'd been a policewoman first and a slave never. And then an elaborate piece of electronics had removed the deception in certain cases. Now she was just meek and mild, though he doubted that continued in the bedroom. The guy's psychological makeup, or at any rate his original psychological makeup, as far as Chris could make out, wasn't going to allow demureness in the bedroom. He wanted energy, the sensation of controlling so much power at least as much of a kick as the actual sex itself.
He took out his own mobile as they entered the lift and dialled his cousin, the young inhabitant of this expensive and, frankly, depersonalised piece of property. "Mike? Chris... Listen, man. I'm on my way up, and I've got my girl with me... Can I borrow the guest room for an hour or so?"
***
Chris was leaving Wellspring as they entered, having returned Jane to her master. He handed the automatic full of silver bullets to Peter, and grinned.
"Stick this on your coffee table, Pete, it'll make a fuck of a conversation piece."
Peter and Alex watched him go, faintly bemused. Alex laid a fatherly hand on his son's shoulder.
"Come on in, son."
"I'm not a member."
"And your point is what, exactly?"
"I... I know, dad, but..."
"Oh, just come in. We'll relax the rule this once."
Peter shrugged and followed his father in. "You think his move will benefit us, then?"
"I don't see how it could do otherwise at this point. The conflict will come to a clash soon. And we'll win; we were bred for it."
"Yeah," Peter said, distractedly. "Well, not specifically..."
"We'll still win," Alex said confidently. "Let's just sit back and wait, though."
"What if he doesn't come after us? What if he just lies low? We can't just leave this for future generations to cope with."
"They'll cope, too. But I don't think that'll happen; if he doesn't act inside one week I'll call Erin... afternoon, Philip."
"Good afternoon," Philip returned civilly. "Finished already?"
"No, it sort of got messed up. Listen, we kinda need to talk..." Alex fired off a long sentence in Welsh. Peter caught the words 'Deryn Corph' in there, but beyond that he was lost. He'd never bothered to learn Welsh; it seemed utterly pointless. Deader than Latin.
"They're dead," Philip said, his voice faintly stunned. Peter was impressed; Chris' revelation had succeeded in creating a genuine emotion in two of the most expert of the breed.
"I don't think so," Alex replied. "I got a scent; our subject isn't human."
Peter felt insulted, though he carefully didn't let it show. He'd been sure Chris was human, and scent had been an important part of that.
***
The tech packed his gear away, and looked up. "Nothing."
"They're not under some sort of control?" Kirk asked, stunned.
"Not as far as I can tell," the tech said, guardedly. He decided privately not to mention that he hadn't been able to prove Adrienne had been under someone's control unless directly asked; he could see where this was going and figured his only chance was the slim one that he might be able to bluff his way out of this.
"That's a relief. Jesus... when they follow you out you realise exactly how short three seconds are."
"Guv?"
"Three seconds," Erin said. "How long it seems to take them to induce control," she elaborated, lying through her teeth. Alex wanted her to, and in any case she knew she'd survive this clash. It could be fun watching Alex take Kirk down, and she didn't doubt he would.
"Shit," the tech whispered. He picked up his bag. "Well, if you don't need me any more..."
"No, not really."
"Uh, good. In that case, I'll, uh..." he said, waving vaguely at the door.
"You do that. Oh, did you get the results of Carver's debrief?"
"Uh, yeah. Went clear through his memory cells; no influence, no induction. If they did influence him, they alo managed to wipe out cellular memory of that, which is unusual. Normally it gets re-routed through a false set of memories, but the induction's still there if you trigger the right cell cluster. Well, we hit that whole part of his brain with nanonics; nothing."
"And in the process, we killed him," Kirk said, dully.
"Uh, yeah."
"Great," he continued, morosely.
The tech left hurriedly.
***
"How long does it take to ride back from London?" Jeremy asked, irritated.
"Well, he probably stopped by Chester to deposit that slave back," Debbie replied, magnificently ignoring her own control. Inside, she wanted to try her control on someone else. But around Trinity Hall everyone knew Debbie was with Peter, and Peter... well, he just had this incredible charisma. Everyone liked him, even the once-Blues he'd replaced at rugby and football. So no one was going to make a move on someone he was seeing, or seem to do so; she'd have to wait until she got home, and decided to head home for the weekend.
"No, Peter phoned from his dad's club. Jane's there."
"Well... I dunno."
"I'm going to check the clock on that thing when he gets back. He could practically have reached John O'Groats by now."
Debbie laughed. "Now you're being stupid. Chris hasn't got your... our reflexes, and he knows it. He's not a boy racer."
"How do you bloody know?"
"You can't go out with Peter without learning about Chris. Those two..."
"True enough. Damon and bloody Pythias."
***
Chris had, in fact, gone to return his grandfather's flare gun to his family up in the Lake District. This is quite a distance from London, and he'd have to travel a sizable chunk of that distance back down south to reach Cambridge.
The sky was darkening; he blinked once more. Beyond the reflective visor two eyes flared into fiery glory, burning like an oil refinery whose employees have been ignoring the No Smoking rule.
Vision suddenly became a thousand times clearer; night was day.
But the change in eyes had a secondary effect on someone not as accomplished at utter suppression of emotions as the breed; outer flame mirrored by a burning predatory instinct, which manifested in this case as a quest for speeds probably beyond the Suzi's ability to produce. The same competitive drive that led perfectly normal humans to fling themselves around grand prix circuits in specially designed kamikaze missiles on wheels burned within the Deryn Corph and the breed also. He pulled into the hard shoulder and started to work up the gears.
***
"I don't believe what you're telling me. It can't be true."
"It is."
"But... shit. The only way they're likely to come back into our world is if Master's getting up another Hunt. And..."
"I know. I don't want to believe that either. We've had freedom too long for that to happen. We couldn't even become human last time the Hunt met. Four and a half millenia of freedom and Master might be coming back. On the other hand, all we had back then was the ability to generate fear in anyone who saw us. And look what evolution's done to that in the last three millenia. Master will still be the same, if he survives. We may be able to fight it."
"Yes. It's also true that the reappearance in our world of the Deryn Corph may be purely coincidental. But I rather doubt it, in both cases."
"In that hypothesis' favour, though... Peter met Chris years ago. I met Chris years ago. It would have to be a long-prepared plan. We only have our legends to go by, of course, but Master wasn't one for such subtleties."
"Being almost killed by your peers can instil a regard for such, though."
"Indeed. I do think he actually was killed, though, insofar as you can kill someone who is technically Death."
"An aspect thereof," Philip pointed out, "and a purely regional representation of that aspect at that. His rivals exceeded him in power."
"All of which makes his demise the more likely. In these highly undesirable circumstances, Philip, we can do nothing but hope this is the case. Master still exceeds us in power."
"Indeed. Still... I sometimes wonder whether we did the right thing, not telling our kids about this."
"Arawn-" there was a sharp intake of breath at the mention of his name- "has been gone for four thousand five hundred years. If he isn't behind this... If he isn't behind this, I think we'll be able to say we were right."
"And if he is?"
"Then they're going to find out anyway. But... I really don't think he is. Sightings have been deluded all this time; and they're going down in any case. Despite the improbability of rediscovering the Deryn Corph otherwise, I think Arawn is gone."
"True. Do we tell the rest of Wellspring?"
"It would probably be best."
***
Peter returned to Cambridge late that night, after even Chris had returned. More or less ignoring the irate Jeremy, bent over a road map trying to work out where Chris would have gone by the mileage he'd clocked up, he went straight to the pub where he knew he'd find David, the one member of the Breed in Cambridge who spoke Welsh.
"David, I need you to help me on a translation here."
"What do you want to know?"
"What does Deryn Corph mean?"
David paused, and slowly turned from his pint to regard Peter. "Corpse bird?" he asked. "Sounds like someone's been pissing you about."
"Corpse bird?" Peter repeated, confused.
Debbie walked up behind him and slipped her arms around him. "Can this wait till morning?" she asked. "'Cos this can't."

TO BE CONTINUED...