Cynthia Palmers New Life Chapter 7, Night At The Porn Shop
By redlegtiger
Redlegtiger@hotmail.com

After talking with the owner of the porn shop, Rob and cynful began to shop.  Cynthia giggled and acted like a girl in her favorite toy store as they went from aisle to aisle.  When they got to the clamps section, she took one of every different combination of clamps.  Giggling and smiling at Rob.  She went up to him and whispered in his ear, Just wait until you get a chance to try all of these on your little doggy slut hehehehe

cynful went to the dildo section next.  She picked up a nice leather brief case that, when she opened it, had every size dildo in it from a fairly small five inch long, one inch diameter dildo to a fourteen inch long, three inch diameter dildo.  There were a total of six in the case.  There was also a total of six butt plugs in the case as well.  All of the dildos and butt plugs had a vibrator included in them.  After almost reverently running her hand over the dildos, cynful threw them into the bag that Rob had.  

cynful turned back around and saw a silver dildo with a control on it.  She picked up the package and saw that it said training dildo.  cynful turned around and held it up to Rob and said, I think that we should definitely get this dildo.  That way I can wear it while Im at class and train my cunt muscles to be nice and strong so I will always keep it nice and tight for you.  What do you think?

Rob answered, I think thats a wonderful idea.  I wouldnt want that sweet cunt of yours to permanently lose its wonderful tightness.  Make sure you get a set of each of the electrical dildos too.

cynful turned around and grabbed the dildos that Rob had pointed too and dumped them into the bag.  The bag was getting full so they went up to the counter and traded it with the clerk for an empty bag.  They were just turning around to continue shopping when the door to the store opened and in walked an older woman with a large Rotweiller.  

cynful looked at the dog with lust in her eyes.  She started getting excited.  She turned to Rob and looked at him with all of the lust and hope that she had.  She didnt say a word because before she could Rob said, Go ahead you little dog slut.  Have a go.  Im sure all of the customers would enjoy the show.

cynful turned to go but quickly turned back and said, Why dont you go get Teddy and bring him in.  Its obvious we can bring him in and they wont say anything.  Im sure he hates being locked up in the car.

cynful walked over to the mistress, who had just walked to the dildo section that they had come from.  She walked up behind the woman who was now crouching down and picking up the biggest of the dildos and holding them in front of the dog.  There were about six different types of very large dildos that she picked up and held in front of the dog one after the other.  When she did she would say in a kind of baby talk, What do you think of this one my lover boy?  Is this the one you want to use on mommy?  Is it boy?

It was on the fourth dildo that the dog barked and took the dildo in his mouth, balls first with the business end sticking straight in front of its nose.  Cynful couldnt help but giggle at the funny site.  The woman quickly stood up, blushed in embarrassment and looked at cynful.  

Before the woman could say anything, cynful held out her hand.  When the woman hesitantly extended hers to shake it, cynful said, I was just admiring your dog here.  Would you let me have a go at him?  Please?

The woman looked at cynful as if she had just grown horns.  She asked, You want to fuck my Brutus?  Here?  In the store?

cynful got down on her knees in front of the big dog and hugged it.  With her arms around the dog she looked up at the woman with pleading eyes and said in a raspy, lustful whisper, Oh yes.  He is such a beautiful animal.  I cant wait to get his cock in me.

The woman, rapidly overcoming her embarrassment said, I think youre in for a surprise.  My Brutus here is a specially trained stud.  He will give you a wonderful ride.  You have to do whatever he wants with you, if you do this.  I also want you to do it up front where the customers can see you.

cynful stood up and hugged the woman and thanked her.  She headed to the front of the store and told the clerk to play some music for her to dance to.  As soon as the music started, cynful began to dance seductively to the music.  She slowly began to unbutton her blouse as she danced.  It didnt take long for the customers to notice something going on at the front and began to congregate around the area where cynful was dancing.  When she had the shirt unbuttoned, she pulled it open, exposing her tits to the crowd.  

Cheers went up as she exposed her tits.  The cheers quickly turned to groans of disappointment as she pulled the blouse closed.  She continued to sway to the music for a couple of strains and then she took the blouse off completely.  She threw the blouse to Rob who was now standing there with Teddy on his leash.  

cynful continued to dance and began to work on her shorts.  She slowly unbuttoned them.  They all knew that she wasnt wearing panties immediately.  There was nothing but bare skin showing, not a single tuft of pubic hair.  When they saw her bare skin they cheered again.  

Cynful would have teased them some more but she was way too anxious to get to fucking the dog.  She quickly began to pull her shorts down.  She kicked them off in the direction of Rob and got down on her hands and knees.  She called out, Brutus come Brutus.

The woman holding Brutus leash knelt down, held the dildo in front of him and ordered, Fuck her Brutus.  Fuck her good.

Brutus took the dildo by the balls end in his mouth.  He quickly bounded up to cynful and began poking the business end into her ass.  She was surprised that he was trying to force the dildo into her instead of licking her like most dogs do.  She was already excited from the dance and she wanted to be fucked so she reached back and lined up the dildo with her cunt.  Brutus pushed forward and began to fuck the dildo in and out of her cunt.  It was amazing, the way he made it go in and out like a real cock.  Every once in a while he would force the fake cock all of the way into her cunt and begin to lick it and her ass.  After a few minutes of that, he would take the base of the dildo in his teeth and begin to fuck in and out again.  cynfuls excitement began to grow and grow.  

Brutus had been taught to take his human bitch to the edge with the dildo and then leave it in and stop.  When he did, cynful yelled out, Nooooo dont stop.  I need to cum.  Fuck me Brutus, please fuck me.

That was the command Brutus had been trained to wait for.  He immediately launched up onto cynfuls back and began to position himself to fuck her.  His cock began to batter her all around the dildo in her cunt.  cynful reached back and guided his cock up to her asshole as she lowered her ass just enough to make it easier for the dog.  She desperately wanted that cock in her ass.  She had been so close to coming and was so excited she would almost do anything to go that last little bit over the edge.  Besides, she thoroughly loved a double fucking.

When Brutus felt the tip of his cock hit her anal rose bud, he pushed in with all of his strength.  cynful was used to being taken in the ass by Teddy so it slid in fairly easily.  She still let out a grunt from the invasion of the large cock.  When the crowd saw it begin to enter her asshole, they began to cheer.  

cynfuls ass was well lubricated from all of the licking Brutus had done.  He continued to hump his cock further and further into her asshole.  As he did, cynful pushed back toward him to help.  She was really getting close to cumming so she began to yell for everyones benefit, Fuck me Brutus.  Fuck me in the ass you wonderful dog.  Make me cum.  Im almost there so keep fucking me.  Thats a good dog.  Fuck me fuck me fuc  ahheeeeiiiiii  

cynful launched into a massive cum.  The crowd stood there in stunned silence as cynful shook in intense pleasure from her climax.  The combination of the dual fuck from the dildo and the dog in front of an audience gave her a wonderfully exciting cum.  It was ranked up there along with the best she ever had.  For the next few moments the crowd stood there in stunned silence as they watched her body spasm from the force of her orgasm.  

Finally Brutus owner began to clap and cheer.  This woke the crowd out of their stupor and they all began to cheer.  What they didnt notice was that Brutus was still humping away at her ass.  Cynfuls arms collapsed and she folded them up under her head as she rested through the wonderful fucking.

Rob looked around at the growing crowd.  Word had apparently gotten out because it seemed that more and more people were showing up all of the time.  He didnt know how they were finding out, but he had a good idea it was the owner of the shop.  He glanced over at the clerk and saw him on the phone as well.  He suddenly got an idea and yelled, Hey everyone.  Cynful here is my wife.  If you like this show, why dont you leave a nice tip for her?  Were both just poor college students and could sure use the cash.  Also, cynful will be in the back room after this for you to try out the stuff before you buy it.  Please do the owner the favor of buying a lot for providing you with this wonderful show.  And if you like this one, hang around for the show at closing.  If you think this is good, just wait.  That show will be even better.  The clerk will take your tips and donations for us.  Thanks and enjoy the show.  I hope well see you in the back room.

All of the guys began to gradually make their way to the counter without taking their eyes off of cynful.  They werent about to miss any of the action.  They didnt just leave one or two dollars.  They were leaving amounts from 10 to 100 dollars.  There were at least thirty people in the store at the time and more were coming in all of the time.  

As the patrons were tipping, Brutus kept fucking cynfuls ass like there was no tomorrow.  Finally his knot began to pound away at her entrance.  It was swelling rapidly and cynful knew that if she didnt get it into her ass soon, it would tear her apart when he did.  She began to push back hard, grunting with each push because of the pain.  On the third push, it finally sank in and cynful screamed in pain.  

Brutus began to fuck her with a machine gun action as he forced his hips into cynfuls ass and his knot moved back and forth rubbing against the dildo in her cunt.  She soon returned to actively pushing back when Buster pushed in.  Her excitement continued to build and build.  She was on the verge of cumming when she felt a lick from her chin to her nose.  She gasped and opened her eyes and her mouth at the same time.  She stared into Teddys eyes as he stuck his tongue into her mouth and began to lick her there, fucking his undulating tongue into her throat.  To every one in the porn shop it looked like she was French kissing the dog.

Teddy soon pulled back and launched himself onto her back, face to face with Brutus.  Just as Teddy began to try and fuck his cock into cynfuls mouth, Brutus started cumming and howled out as he did.  This put cynful over the edge into a massive cum.  She began to scream in ecstasy when Teddy found his mark and sank his cock all of the way down her throat.  He began a rapid fucking motion, fucking her throat and muting her scream of ecstasy.  

Brutus soon turned around ass end to ass end with her as Teddy continued to fuck her.  This was the way things went until Teddy began to cum down her throat.  Cynful greedily swallowed her canine masters cum as he pumped it almost directly into her stomach.  When he pulled his cock out of her throat a final spurt of cum splashed across her face.  The gathered crowd of over 50 people erupted in cheers and applause.  They knew that the show was winding down.  Teddy immediately returned to Rob as Brutus began to try and pull his cock out of her ass.  It was a couple of minutes later when he finally did.  Cum ran out of her gaping ass-hole and down over her filled cunt and thighs.  

cynful knelt there breathing hard as she recovered from the intense dual fucking.  The clerk saw the mess she was making on the floor from the cum and threw a towel at her.  cynful felt it hit her in the face and immediately grabbed it.  She began to clean herself up as best she could but the cum just kept flowing out of her ass.  Finally cynful looked toward the clerk and said, Can you hand me one of the moderate sized butt plugs from the stuff we gave you.  I dont want to leak all over your store.

The clerk reached down to the bag he was keeping for them.  He opened the case and took out the next to the largest of the butt plugs.  It was eight inches long and at its widest, three and a half inches in diameter.  Its narrowest diameter was two inches.  When he handed it to cynful she was startled at the size of it.  She gave him a perplexed look but didnt say anything.  She heard exclamations and murmuring in the crowd as they took bets as to whether she would put it in her ass or not.  She decided it was time for another show.

cynful took the butt plug and moistened it by bringing it to her mouth.  She licked it in as lustful manner as she knew how.  She covered it completely with saliva and after pushing it all of the way into her mouth one time at the end, she took it and slowly pushed it into her ass.  It proved to be a bit difficult and caused her some pain.  Finally she stood up and squatted down.  She put her entire weight onto the butt plug and forced it into her ass.  She let out a loud groan of pain as the plug spread her ass out and sunk in.  Finally it was seated fully and she got up.  She waddled more than walked to Rob who was quietly waiting for her.  She smiled as she saw cash exchanging hands.  Her smile turned even more radiant when she looked at the counter and saw the mound of cash that had been left for them by the clerk.  

Rob announced, Thats the end of the show for now.  For invited guests there will be another show when the shop closes.  Please let us have some time to finish shopping and then cynful will be in the back room for you to try your purchases out before you buy.  Thanks for the donations.  They will go a long way to helping us get through college.  Well see you in the back room in a bit.

Cynful started to go with Rob when she stopped in her tracks.  She squatted down and pulled out the dildo in her cunt.  She turned and walked up to Brutuss Mistress and said, I think this belongs to Brutus.  You have trained him wonderfully.  Would you stay for our performance tonight so that I can use him in the show?  I would love for you to participate in it as well.  I need a Mistress to pull off what I want to do.

Brutuss Mistress answered, As much as I would love to stay, I have other obligations that I cant get out of.  I will let you use Brutus however.  The owner has my address so please bring Brutus back yourselves.  Brutus and I would love to spend some quality time with the three of you.

Cynful took the leash that was offered to her and she led Brutus over to Rob.  She explained everything to him and he gladly took the leash and gave Brutuss owner a wave of thanks.  They turned down the aisle with the whips and they began to fill their bag with one of each of the whips, floggers, paddles and canes.  They then moved on and found the enema equipment.  They took one of each there as well.  As they rounded the corner at the end of the aisle, cynful noticed a door to another lit room and saw racks of clothes.  She grabbed Robs hand and pulled him through the doorway.  

They found themselves in a room filled with racks and racks of costumes.  They began to go through them.  She couldnt find what she was looking for at first.  She went to the back of the room to an area that said storage and started lifting up clothes that had been placed on the table.  That was where she found what she wanted.  She first pulled out a pair of Bavarian Lederhosen for Rob.  She continued to dig through and found a Bavarian peasant girls dress that was only one size too small for her.  She could make it work and it would be more form fitting that way.  They went back out to the main area of the costume room and pulled out the third costume they would need.  They just had to find the person to wear it.  cynful was sure she would find someone by the time the show was supposed to happen.  

Master and slave left the room with cynful carrying the costumes and one full bag of equipment.  Rob had his hands full of another bag of equipment and the two dogs in the other hand.  They quickly made their way to the counter where they placed their purchases.  The clerk totaled their purchases and it came to over three thousand dollars.  Rob started to take a bag to go put the stuff back when the owner put his hand on Robs to stop him.  He said, I know you think that there is no way you can afford all of that, even with her working it off but you would be wrong.  Your slut here earned you over two thousand dollars in tips alone for her show.  I guarantee that you can make up the remainder in the back room and then some.  Everything you make on the show should be pure take home cash.  So the stuff is yours as long as you follow through with what you have planned.

Rob was surprised at the amount of tips cynful had earned.  There had been one thing he left behind because he thought it was too expensive.  He now realized that it was definitely on the doable list.  He told the clerk what he wanted and then had the owner show them to the back room.  

When they entered the room both Rob and cynful saw that she had a choice of hanging from shackles or putting her head and arms in a stock.  Rob left the decision up to cynful and she chose the stock.  The owner held up a set of signs with different prices on it.  After the show that cynful had put on earlier, Rob knew that she would be in high demand.  He chose the highest price listings.  The owner attached the sign to the stocks so that it could be read as soon as a customer entered. 

The sign said, 

	
       BLOW JOB = 		$100
	FUCK = 		$200
	ASS FUCK = 		$300
	DUAL FUCK = 	$500
	TRIPLE FUCK = 	$750
	GANG BANG = 	$1,000 OR
       $200 PER PERSON WHICHEVERS HIGHER
	PROTECTION WILL BE USED

Cynful saw what was on the sign.  Never in her life had she imagined that she would be used as a whore.  But that was what she was at that moment.  At first the initial shock of it bothered her until she realized that she was her masters toy and that she was there to please him.  If that meant that she had to whore herself out then that is what she would do.  She might not like it but she had made up her mind that she would willingly submit to whatever her master wanted.  She would never complain about what he did to her.  A slave doesnt get that privilege.  A slave just submits to her masters pleasure.  That settled in her mind, she was ready for her night in the back room.  

It wasnt long before a customer came in.  He carried a couple of whips in his hand.  One was a flogger and the other a cat.  He stepped up and without saying anything took a couple of swings with each.  Each swing landed on cynfuls back and she screamed out in pain.  With the first scream Rob shot up and started to go stop the customer.  Cynful opened her eyes just in time to see him getting up.  She shook her head no vigorously just as the next strike hit.  She screamed out in pain as she continued to shake her head no.  She quickly opened her eyes again and gasped out, Its okay Rob.  We have an agreement with the owner.  Besides, you will be doing this to me soon.

Rob shook his head in amazement as he sat down on the chair again.  The customer used the flogger on her a couple of times and then left.  He never said a thing to either of them.  As he was leaving another one came in.  He had a package with a dildo that had metal strips on it along its long axis and a remote control.  He found one just like it in a cabinet.  He took the demonstration model and put the dildo into cynfuls cunt.  He took the control and tried each setting.  There were ten settings and they ranged from a mild tingle at one to a heavy excruciating shock at ten.  Cynful screamed in pain with the five highest settings.  Then he put it on random.  This randomly shocked cynful at different strengths and lengths of time.  He let it cycle through at least five settings and then pulled the dildo out.  He held the dildo in front of cynful and she dutifully sucked it clean.  He put it on the cabinet counter instead of back in the cabinet so it could be used properly.  

The customer paid Rob the $200 for a fuck and went back behind cynful.  He put the required condom on his rampant cock and then proceeded to fuck cynful.  He was just getting started as another customer came in.  Before that customer managed to get half way across the room, the one fucking cynful came.  He pulled out and stripped the used condom off, throwing it in the trashcan on the way out of the room. 

The new customer proceeded up to cynful.  He had different sets of tit clamps.  Three sets to be exact.  He took the first, which were essentially just alligator clips.  He clipped one onto each of her tits and on her clit.  Cynful was used to clamps and clips and just groaned from the short bit of pain.  The customer left the clips on for about thirty seconds and then took them off.  He set them aside and took the next set of clamps.  These were vice clamps.  He pinched and pulled on her nipples and clit to make them just a bit harder and then placed one on each tit and her clit.  He turned the nipple clamps until they were firm initially.  He then took turns turning the screw of the clamp tighter one turn.  He soon had cynful screaming in agony with each turn.

Rob coughed and the guy looked over at him and saw the look he was getting.  He quickly loosened the screws and took the clamps off.  cynful screamed in pain as the blood flowed back into each nipple and her clit.  The third set of clamps was a combination alligator clip with a screw clamp.  It had teeth along the front edge only.  It was rectangular in shape and had screws that connected the top and bottom part of the clamp so it could be tightened down.  There were only two clips to this clamp.  There was a chain connecting them as well.  The customer put the clip on each of her nipples causing her to cringe in pain and let out a little yelp with each one.  He pulled on the chain, pulling her tits out into a conical form.  This caused cynful to cry and whimper but she didnt scream.  Then he started turning each screw a quarter of a turn each.  When cynful screamed loud with each turn two times in a row he stopped.  

The customer went over to Rob and paid him the $300 dollars for an ass fuck.  He immediately went over and put on his condom.  He then pulled out the butt plug and took it to cynfuls face.  She opened her mouth without being ordered and he stuffed it in.  He returned to her back side and unceremoniously sank his stiff cock up her ass.  To his surprise it wasnt as loose as he expected.  cynfuls training had helped her to be able to tighten her ass muscles enough so that she could still give a good ass fuck even though she was stretched out by the dildos.  While he was fucking her ass, he reached under with his left hand and began to pull on the chains connected to the clamps on her tits.  He spanked her with his right hand.  

Cynful felt the pain in her nipples transfer straight to her cunt and she started climbing to a good cum. Soon the guy was cumming up her ass.  She wasnt close enough to cum so she began begging, Please dont stop.  Please keep fucking me.  Im so close pleeeaaase help me to cummmmmm.

As soon as the customer quit cumming he pulled out.  Cynful yelled out a long Nooo o o as he did and continued to beg for him to help her cum.  When he reached down under her he grabbed the chain and pulled down on it hard.  He jerked it back and forth so the teeth would dig into her nipples and the sensations and pain that it caused pushed her up over the precipice and she came, screaming out in a combination of pain and pleasure around the ass dildo.  Rob was amazed that she came from just pulling the chain of the clamps.  He decided that he needed to get a set of those.  He didnt remember seeing a set with a chain connecting them like that one in the story though. 

The customer reached under half way through her cum and released one of the clamps.  The added stimulus pushed her cum higher and harder even though it had started to wane.  Half way through this cum he again reached under and released the other clamp.  This pushed her orgasm even higher until she passed out.  When the customer was done he came over to Rob and handed him the clamps with the chain.  He said, You wont find these in the store.  This is a little something I made.  After the little show you put on earlier, I just had to give your beauty a gift worthy of such a slut.  I look forward to the show tonight.  Welcome to town.  He then turned and walked out.

Other than the gift, thats the way the next few hours went.  Customers would come in and test the equipment and either leave, or pay for a fuck.  There were no gang bangs though there was one dual fuck.  It was a husband wife team.  The woman had cynful eat her cunt while her husband fucked her ass.  It was about a half hour before closing when they got another surprise for the day.  Their new neighbor LaTesha came in with a cat and a set of tit and clit clamps.

When she saw cynful in the stocks and Rob sitting there, she said, Now isnt this fun.  I didnt expect to find you two here tonight.  I see it didnt take you two long to find the local pervert supply store.  I thought I would stop by and get a couple of things for my misbehaving slave.  I wanted to test them to see what kind of reaction I would get from them.

She then went up to cynful and first began attaching the three alligator clips to her nipples and her clit.  Then she stepped back and took a couple of swings with the cat in the air to get a feel for it.  When she felt ready she stepped up and began to whip cynfuls back.  She took two swings and then stopped as the clerk and told her to.  But Rob said, Go ahead and whip her until she begs you to stop.  Cynful, if you beg too soon then I will whip you until Im sure you really mean it and Ill use these clamps on your tits while Im doing it.  Not to mention that I wont let you fuck Teddy for a week.

Cynful had actually been thinking of begging her to stop quickly just to get Rob to use the whip on her.  There was no way that she could go without Teddy for a week though.  She clenched her teeth and said, Yes master.  I promise to take my punishment like a good slave.

With that LaTesha said, I want you to count and ask me for the next one each time.  I want to see just how long we can go before your begging me to stop.

LaTesha swung and brought the cat down on cynfuls back.  She counted one and asked for another.  They continued this and cynful kept counting though it took her longer and longer each time to quit screaming and crying.  They were above 50 when Rob finally said enough.  He went up to cynful who was crying terribly by that time and he asked, I know that you were hurting terribly.  Why didnt you ask for it to stop?

Cynful said through her tears, I didnt want to disappoint you master. And then she giggled through her tears, And of course you know I could never go a week without Master Teddy.  That was cruel but wise of you sir.

When Rob looked up he saw the clerk and the owner standing at the door.  The owner said, The time has been up for a couple of minutes but we were enjoying the show.  You have about twenty minutes before the show starts.  You might want to start getting ready.  

The clerk handed the bag to Rob with the costumes in it.  Rob looked at cynful who was still in the stocks crying and decided to ask for her.  He looked at LaTesha and said, cynful wants to put on a little show for a group of people.  We were going to try and find someone in the crowd but we would be honored if you would help out.  She has a Hansel and Gretel thing planned.  She needs a wicked witch to put the two of us under her spell.  Then force her brother to help do unspeakable things to her.  Im sure she had a threesome in mind and the two dogs as well.  We have the costume here if you agree.

LaTesha answered, Of course I will.  That sounds like a lot of fun.  But what is this group of people?

Rob answered, There is a large international group of slave owners that obtain and train sex slaves.  I was going to talk to you about it in a couple of weeks but I think this will expose you more.  The cost of membership is $50,000 or two slaves.  The two slaves must be turned over to the local group for auction.  Any money over the $50,000 will be put into a special account that you can use for purchases of equipment or buying new slaves.  I think that you have it in yourself to do well with the organization.  Are you interested?

LaTesha said, $50,000 is a lot of money.  I dont know where I would get two slaves either.  But I definitely would be interested if we can arrange it.

Rob responded with a smile and said, Then I will introduce you as a candidate tonight.  You will not be allowed full membership until you pay your application fee.  You have a year to pay your debt.  Until then you can only attend functions as a guest of another master or mistress.  Once you have paid, then you can attend any function of the organization that you want.  I warn you that the organization is obviously illegal but then so is blackmailing your sub Suzie so I didnt figure that would bother you.

LaTesha laughed and said, Yeah, I never even thought about the illegality of it.  But youre right.  Blackmailing that little bitch Susie was against the law.  I kind of figured that a sex slave ring would be illegal.  That doesnt change things a bit though.  Just help me find a couple of slaves and Im in.  Now lets get cynful free and get ready for this show.

They spent the remaining time taking cynful out of the stocks and then getting dressed in the appropriate outfits.  Rob rubbed some numbing salve on cynfuls back before she got dressed.  About ten minutes to show time, several men came in and moved the equipment out of the way.  Rob, cynful and LaTesha were all going over what they would do and say while the room was being set up.  The owner came in and LaTesha explained that they would need some bread and that she needed him to participate in the show.  The owner readily agreed and left to get a costume from the store room.  When it was time for the show the three took their place as people started to come in the room.  There was soon standing room only.  Cynful realized that there was over a hundred people in the room and the only area that was clear was the area to the left and right of the small stage, a gap of about five feet from the wall to the crowd and the stage.  

The owner came in carrying a loaf of bread, handed it to Rob and announced, Tonight we have a special performance to be put on by our two newest east coast members.  Rob was born a life time member of the organization from Washington and is out here for medical school.  His slave wife is also attending the veterinary school and is going to be working for the organization exclusively.  All of the dogs that you get once she graduates will be receiving a clean bill of health from her before they are sent off to their new owners.  cynfuls mother is the current organization trainer and is why the most recent dogs are much better trained than the previous ones.  Two of those dogs will be performing with them tonight.  I can assure those who werent here earlier that they do put on quite a show.  I turn the rest of the time over to Master Rob, his slave cynful and their guest LaTesha.

Rob whispered in the owners ear and the owner announced, I have just been informed that their guest is actually a new applicant to the organization and that Rob is sponsoring her.  She already has one slave and has promised to bring in two more for her membership fee.  Lets give a warm welcome to Master Rob, his slave cynful and Novice Mistress LaTesha.  Welcome LaTesha to the group.

A round of applause went up to greet them.  It was only when they quieted down that Cynful and Rob began to walk away from the stage to the right to walk down the gap between the wall and the crowd around the room.  Rob was tearing off small bits of bread as they went and dropping them on the floor.  Cynful started out by saying, Hansel, do you think the stories are true that there is a wicked witch in the forest?

Rob playing Hansel answered, I think that was just an old story that adults tell to scare kids from going too deep in the forest Gretel.

Cynful playing Gretel paused just momentarily then said, Thank you for helping me get away.  It hurt terribly when papa put his thing in my private place last night.  It made me bleed and hurt real bad.

Hansel answered, I know.  I wanted to hit him but was too scared.  I knew that if we stayed that papa would keep hurting you.  Youve seen how he hurts mama in the bottom all of the time.  I bet that if you stayed he would be putting in his thing in your bottom like he does mama.

When Rob and cynful were two thirds of the way around the room, the owner, now dressed in a huntsman outfit, led Teddy and Brutus from the right of the stage and began to follow the bread crumbs slowly.  He was quietly encouraging the dogs to eat the bread crumbs as he went.

Gretel watched Hansel drop the bread crumbs for a couple of steps and then asked, Why are you leaving a trail Hansel.  If we are running away, wont that lead papa right to us?

Hansel said, In case we run into problems that we cant handle, we can get back to the village.  Im still not real sure were going the right way so I want to be able to get back so we can go another direction if this doesnt work out.

They were now at the left side of the stage.  They stepped up on it and started walking across, Rob still dropping crumbs.  As they passed the center of the stage, LaTesha threw some glitter at cynful from the gap between the curtains along the back wall of the stage.  Cynful froze in place and didnt move as Rob continued to the edge of the stage before noticing that she had stopped.  He turned around and said, Come on Gretel, we dont want to stop now.

Cynful said, I cant move Hansel.  Im trying but I cant move.

Just as he was stepping toward cynful, LaTesha stepped out from behind the curtain laughing in a cackling laugh like the witch she was playing.  She said as she threw a small handful of glitter at Hansel, Both of you little kids are under my spell now.  It has been too long since I enjoyed the flesh of a virginal girl and boy.  Come boy.  Its time for you to take your sisters clothes off.

Rob started moving forward towards cynful but he was walking stiffly and in a jerking manner as if he was fighting trying to walk.  He yelled at the witch, Stop it witch.  I wont take my sisters clothes off.  You cant make me.

LaTesha as the witch said condescendingly, So you wont do it little boy.  Well just see what you will or wont do.  Im betting youll do exactly what I tell you to do.  Now take off the little bitchs clothes.  She has an appointment with the god of all canines and his right hand mutt.  You on the other hand are going to help her get ready.

About that time, Rob had reached Gretel and still acting like he was fighting every inch he moved, he began to undress cynful by unbuttoning her dress.  He started begging, Please dont make me do this.  Dont make me strip my sister.

LaTesha cackled again and said, You will do much more than strip your sister little boy.  Now hurry up and finish the job.  When you are done, you will get on your knees in front of her and suck on her little cunt.

Rob fell to his knees as if he was forced to.  He pulled the dress down until it lay in a puddle around cynfuls feet.  She lifted first her left foot, acting like she was forced as Rob had.  She moved it to the outside of the dress, then the right foot.  She was now naked, the signs of her whipping on her back from earlier still showed.  Her feet were now about three feet apart.  Rob leaned in toward cynful saying, Please dont make me do things to Gretel.  Please have mercymmmm mmmmmmmm.  He mumbled through the last of what he was going to say, right into cynful(Gretels) cunt.  He began to eat cynfuls cunt for real.

Hansel(Rob) began to aggressively suck and chew on cynfuls wet cunt.  He spent several minutes licking her inner and outer lips and thrusting his tongue deep into her hole.  As he felt her excitement increase he finally moved to her clit and sucked and nibbled on it until she was on the edge.  Just as she was tripping over into an orgasm, Rob remembered how her orgasm before had increased with the pain of pulling the nipple clamps off.  He bit down hard on her clit causing cynful to scream in pain and bring cheers from the audience.  The addition of the pain sent her orgasm screaming skyward to a massive orgasm.  Gretels(cynfuls) scream of pain turned into a scream of pure pleasure.  She came so hard that she collapsed to her knees.  Rob just scrambled out of the way in time for her to fall forward, catching herself with her hands.

The wicked witch(LaTesha) stepped forward from her position at the back of the stage.  She was wearing a black witchs hat, a black robe that hung open, a bustier that held her naked tits up for all to see and a strap on dildo with a twelve inch dildo attached to it.  She stepped up behind Gretel and quickly pushed the cock into her saturated cunt causing Gretel to cry out. 

While the witch had been approaching Gretel, Hansel had gotten up and moved in front of her head as if he was still being forced.  He had pulled his stiff cock out and was standing there ready when Gretel cried out.  He stuck his rampant cock into her mouth and down her throat cutting the cry short.  

Cynful had gagged when Robs cock went down her throat.  She hadnt been expecting it at the time.  When they had talked about the scenario, they had agreed that she would suck him off.  Between Rob biting her clit so hard and forcing his cock straight down her throat she realized that something had changed in Rob.  She found her excitement and orgasms were getting better this way.  She may not like the pain, but it definitely improved her orgasms.  She hoped that Rob wouldnt take it too far.  

Hansel and the witch continued to fuck Gretel like there was no tomorrow.  They were pummeling her back and forth without mercy.  The witch was the first to cum.  She shouted out in pleasure as she fell forward, supporting herself with her hands on Gretels back.  She stayed that way as her orgasm surged through her.  Hansel was still fucking Gretels throat and was no where near cumming.

While the witch and Hansel were fucking Gretel, the huntsman(The owner dressed in a huntsman uniform) was leading Teddy and Brutus around the outer edges of the room, making sure that the dogs ate the bread crumbs that Hansel had dropped.  He made his way to the front left of the audience and waited until Hansel came down Gretels throat.  

Hansel stepped back after cumming and announced, Im free of your spell witch.  We are leaving.  You cant hold us here any more.  

Hansel reached down and helped Gretel up and as they turned to go off stage to follow the bread crumbs back.  As they were getting up the witch laughed and said, And where will you children go my sweets.  My huntsman has been following you for miles and his hunting dogs have been eating your crumb trail.  You have no where to go.  Besides, do you think that I would let you go?  

The laughed again with an evil cackle and stepped up in front of Hansel and Gretel.  She said as she ran her open hand down the right side of Gretels face, And now that you have entertained me my sweet little play toy.  You will entertain my huntsman and his boys.  

The witch turned and went back to the wall where she started from and turned back to face the audience and announced, Come my huntsman.  I have new toys for your boys.  Come and play.

That was the sign the huntsman was waiting for.  Hansel began moving backward away from Gretel.  He moved as if he was fighting an unseen force to keep from moving away.  Gretel fell back down to her hands and knees so that she was staring ahead toward the direction the dogs and the huntsman was.  The huntsman leaned down and released the leashes from the dogs collars.

The dogs rushed up to Gretel.  The first one there was Teddy and he immediately launched himself up onto her back.  He started humping into the air at first.  He soon had his cock lined up and when it hit Gretels cunt he drove it into the hilt.  

While this was going on, Brutus had launched himself onto her back from the front.  He was humping air until Gretel cried out in pain from Teddys cock sinking into her cunt.  Brutus at the same moment as she cried out sank his cock halfway into her mouth.  

Cynful of course made it look like she was forced but she quickly clamped her mouth on the cock and started sucking.  This is what she loved.  She was a true canine slut and was terribly excited.  She knelt there and took the battering that the dogs were giving her.  Her body shook from the power of the thrusts.

Hansel stood to the right of the stage and watched the dogs begin to fuck his sister.  He yelled, Let her be you filthy ole witch.  Dont make my sister mate with dogs.  How evil and cruel can you be?

The witch laughed again and announced, I think that you protest too much my little boy toy.  I see that your manhood says that you find your sister being fucked by two hunting dogs excites you.  I have need of that manhood.

The witch waved her hand and Hansel fell to his knees.  He began walking on his knees towards her.  When he was about half way, where there was a good view for the crowd, he stopped and lay down on his back.  

The witch had taken off the strap on and moved over to Hansel and sank down on his cock.  She fucked herself on his cock for a few moments and announced, Come huntsman and take care of your mistress.  I need your fine cock in my ass.

The owner was surprised at this.  They had talked about the dogs but hadnt talked about him participating in the show.  He wasnt going to pass up the chance to fuck a hot babe like LaTesha.  He had been seeing her come in to the shop for months and wished he could fuck her.  It looked like now was his chance.  Slipping into character he started towards the stage announcing, Im coming to you my mistress.  You know that your wish is my command.

LaTesha had been fucking away at Rob for a few moments and had decided she wanted a double fuck.  She had always wondered what one would feel like and decided that now was a perfect time to find out.  That was why she as the witch had yelled for the huntsman.  As the witch she yelled out, Come, my huntsman.  Your mistress needs her ass fucked.  Come and prove to me you are the man I need.

The huntsman came up and grabbed hold of the witchs ass cheeks.  He had taken his erect cock out of his pants as he approached.  He spit into his hand and moistened his cock up while he put a wad of spit onto the witchs ass.  He lined up his cock and began to slowly push in.  It was slow going at first but soon he was in to the hilt.  He began to fuck the witch like there was no tomorrow. 

The audience was getting a great show.  This was more than any of them had expected.  They imagined just a regular fuck show but nothing like what they were seeing.  They stood in stunned silence.  Many of the masters and mistresses had brought their slaves.  They had but to put them to work, sucking on their cock or cunt while they watched the show.  The smell of sex permeated the large room.

The witch came soon after the huntsman started plowing her anal passage.  She continued to cum over and over as she was fucked by the two men.  Cynful meantime was coming over and over from her dual fucking from the two dogs.  The two dogs came first.  Brutus pulled out and found a quiet corner to lie down in while Teddy was knotted to his bitch.  He turned ass end to ass end with her and was waiting for his knot to go down.  The owner was the next one to cum and yelled out his orgasm, letting the crowd know he was cumming.  A couple of minutes later Rob came.

After they had recovered from their cum, they all stood up and looked over to cynful who was still cumming from being knotted to Teddy.  The owner looked at Rob and asked, I take it the show is over?

Rob quietly said, I definitely think they got their moneys worth, dont you?

The owner laughed and said, More than their moneys worth if you ask me.

The owner turned to the crowd and announced, Masters and mistresses that concludes the show for tonight.  Lets hear a round of applause to our newest master Rob and his slave cynful and our new applicant LaTesha for a wonderful show.

The crowd erupted into loud cheers, except for those few who were cumming at the time.  They were screaming out their cums instead.  When the noise died down the owner announced, Rob, LaTesha and cynful are all students at the university.  You all know what its like to be a poor college student.  If you think the show was worth more than the admission fee, please leave a donation for them with the clerk at the front desk.  I will make sure that 100% of the donations go to our wonderful new additions to our group.  Now let the orgy begin.

That was all it took.  Clothes started coming off and the audience was soon one seething mass of flesh as fucking of all kinds was going on.  After they recovered, Rob, cynful and LaTesha joined into the orgy.  They stayed for the next couple of hours until everyone was fucked out.  Because they had already cum a few times during the show, the three performers found themselves worn out well before anyone else was.  They went to the clerk and told him that they would watch the front of the store if he wanted to join in the fun.

That is where they stayed for the rest of the night as masters and mistresses came out.  They were welcomed and congratulated as each master and mistress left.  Each one left a sizeable donation for them as well.  After the last one left, leaving them and just the owner in the store, they began to count the donations.  The owner counted up the admission fee for the show.  When they were done counting, they had over seven thousand dollars from the donations and two thousand five hundred as their share of the admissions.  They couldnt believe how much they had earned and this was just from the show and didnt count what they had earned earlier.  All in all it was a very profitable night.

The owner congratulated them and said, Consider all of the items you purchased paid in full.  You also have a credit line of fifteen hundred dollars to purchase items in the future as well.  LaTesha, you have a five hundred dollar credit line now and the items you got tonight are on the house.  All three of you made me a lot of money tonight.  If you ever want to do something like this again, then just let me know.  You were a big hit.  Theyll be talking about this for weeks.

Rob split the money three ways and handed LaTesha her share.  This was totally unexpected and she thanked them profusely.  LaTesha had taken a taxi to the shop and needed a ride home so rode with Rob and cynful.  The first light of dawn was just beginning to peak over the horizon as they pulled into their driveway at home.  LaTesha invited them in for a quick morning snack so they could meet the other members of the household.

When they entered the house, the stench of vomit was the first thing to hit them.  When they entered the living room, they were met with a startling site.  It seemed that the birthday party for the young 17 going on 18 year old girl had gotten out of hand.  There was a girl on the couch with a vibrator in her cunt vibrating away and a closed bottle of hot sauce in her ass.  There was another girl passed out on the floor with vomit by her head.  Susie and the other girl were missing so Rob had cynful stay downstairs with Teddy while he and LaTesha went upstairs to check on the others.  They found Susie and the birthday girl on LaTeshas bed passed out in a 69 position.  LaTesha was furious.

 


