Kissing Cousins by Chris Hailey, Copyright 2019

Story codes: Mg10, oral, first, grooming

Summary: The genesis for this story was a naughty dream I had a couple days ago. The actual dream is only a small portion of the story--the part where they are making out in his car in a deserted parking lot, and ending with them in the woods and her telling him he'll have to wait. The rest of the story was constructed around that scene, to make some sense of it. The girl wasn't my cousin, and I wasn't seventeen, but it's what made the most sense to turn it into a story.

Anyway... The usual straightforward romp in the hay that you might expect from me. I hope you enjoy it!

==============




 They say a girl always remembers her first time, and a guy always tries to forget his.

Haha! That is so true! Okay, true confessions time now, kids. Here's my tale of being a bumbling idiot. Luckily, Ronnie was a sweetheart, and very patient with me, and I got the hang of it soon enough.

I was seventeen. A junior in high school. Now don't get me wrong, I had plenty of sexual experience by then, lots of "heavy petting" with the girls I dated and even a bit of oral sex. But none of them had let me past the goal posts yet. And the girl, well... she was my cousin, Veronica.

And if you think it's creepy for a guy to have sex with his cousin, well, then you probably ought to stop reading now. 'Cause Ronnie was ten years old when we did it.




When Ronnie was little, she was one of those kids that pretty much always preferred to be naked. My earliest recollection about how much fun this could be was back when I was twelve, so she must have been around five. Just a kid, sure, but at least not a toddler anymore.

We were both the "only children" in our families, so whenever my family would visit hers, which we did a fair bit, she and I were sort of like brother and sister and we'd do things you might expect a couple of siblings would do. One of the things I was really into back then was squirt gun fights, with those big super-soaker water guns that were all the rage in those days. That was when I discovered that the second Veronica got wet, she just pulled her clothes right off. And there I was, playing squirt guns with a naked five year old. Ronnie's parents were completely unfazed by this. One time, Aunt Judy even brought us lemonade while we were playing squirt guns on a hot summer afternoon, and Ronnie ran right up onto the deck as naked as the day she was born. Aunt Judy just laughed.

Even though I was a horny pubescent twelve year old, I didn't have any sexual thoughts about this naked five year old. She was basically just a kid sister to me. It wasn't until a couple years later that we were playing squirt guns again, and the girl, now several years past toddlerdom, once again stripped buck naked as soon as she got wet. I liked it, this time. This was fun. We climbed in their hot tub afterwards, her naked, me in my swim trunks, but then I figured, you know, why does my cousin get to sit in the hot tub naked and I don't? That's not fair! And since the grownups were gone shopping or something anyway, I figured, why not? So I just yanked my trunks down and joined her in her nudity. It was pretty fun, how she just stared unabashedly with a grin on her face. I was fourteen by then, and I suppose pretty much man-sized, and yes, fully erect as well, so Ronnie got an eyeful, that's for sure. That's also when I realized that hey, if she's going to stare like some horny kid, then I get to, too, and I really got a good look at my little cousin's sex parts that day. Eventually she started splashing me, and I splashed her back, and we had a big old splash fight in the hot tub.

That's the kind of cousins we were. The "naked splash fight in the hot tub" kind of cousins!




Fast-forward three years now. I hadn't seen Ronnie much at all in-between, but while me and my parents drove the five hundred miles to their house, I couldn't help but wonder if she might still be the sort of girl who takes her clothes off in a heartbeat. I'd left my super-soaker days far behind by then, but maybe she'd want to have another squirt gun fight, for old time's sake? Or maybe another naked romp in the hot tub?

But all those ideas went out the window when we pulled up at their house and Ronnie came running out with her parents to greet us. Now, I'd changed a lot in the three years since she and I had our naked splash fight in the hot tub; the scrawny fourteen year old kid had become a tall, broad shouldered young man. But I quickly realized I wasn't the only one who had changed. Ronnie wasn't a little girl anymore, either. She was at least a foot taller, with long skinny arms and legs, smiling broadly with ruddy cheeks and sparkling blue eyes and shiny blonde hair cut in a smart little bob around her stunningly beautiful face. I have to admit, I was smitten, even before she wrapped her arms around me in a big welcoming embrace and I realized, as I hugged her back, that she was wearing a bra. WTF, my little kid cousin Ronnie is wearing a bra?!?

Exactly why she needed the bra quickly became obvious enough, because as we hugged, she pressed her lithe little body tight up against me and I could feel two firm bumps provocatively poking me just below my rib cage. I could swear she was doing it on purpose, like she wanted to make sure I noticed. And notice, I most certainly did. I wondered if she noticed, too, what those little tits were doing to me. Hard to imagine that she didn't.

I was feeling a bit awkward around my kid cousin after this. We'd always been so comfortable with each other before, like I said, practically brother and sister. But now I could hardly even bring myself to look at her. I mean, I knew there really wasn't anything wrong with a guy getting a bit aroused at the realization that his cousin wasn't just a little girl anymore. But what embarrassed me was how smitten I was. Like, seriously, do I have a crush on my cousin?

Luckily, Ronnie didn't seem to have similar feelings. When we were watching a movie later that night, she snuggled right up and leaned her head on my shoulder. Then she set her hand on my leg. So I did the same to her, but in the most innocent, big-brother way I could. At the end of the movie, she gave me a good night kiss. This wasn't anything new, she'd always given me a peck on the cheek good night, but this time, it wasn't on the cheek. It was right square on the lips. I'm not sure if it was her doing, or mine. I might have turned my head a little when she was aiming for my cheek? But whatever, it was a kiss, right on the lips. Quick, not exactly romantic, but it sent my heart flying anyway.




The next morning, while the grownups were making breakfast and discussing their plans for the evening--something exceedingly boring, like the opera, which I had begged out of two months earlier when they were buying the tickets, I asked my parents if I could use the car. "I'm thinking about going to climb 'The Rock,'" I explained. The Rock is a craggy hilltop in a park just outside of the town where my aunt and uncle lived.

"Oh, that's an excellent idea," my mom said as she chopped some zucchini to put into the quiche the grownups were making. "You can take Veronica, too!" I think my mom was worried that I would be neglectful of my kid cousin, now that I was seventeen. She'd mentioned something along these lines in the car ride the day before, and I'd grunted a reply, since at the time I wasn't sure how much Ronnie and I would actually have in common anymore.

But now I was finding that I liked the idea of getting out of the house and away from the grownups with my cousin quite a lot. I did try to hide my enthusiasm for the idea a bit, though. I suppose I was still feeling awkward? "I guess, sure, if she wants to come."

"If you want to borrow the car," my mom said in her usual scolding tone, not looking up from the cutting board, "you need to be a good cousin and spend some time with Veronica."

"Okay, Mom," I said in my usual teenage boy dismissive tone, not looking up from my phone. "Whatever."

When Ronnie came downstairs a few minutes later, it was my mom who proposed that she tag along with me. "Veronica," she said, the quiche now baking in the oven, "Evan is planning to go climb 'The Rock' today. Would you like to go with him?"

"Oh, yes!" she practically shouted in reply. "Yes!"

My mom beamed triumphantly over at me. "Excellent. It's a plan then!"

Ronnie and I left shortly after breakfast, which I barely touched--I'm not a quiche fan, and I hate zucchini. It was a beautiful sunny morning and as we pulled out and started down the road, Ronnie rolled down the window and the wind whipped her golden hair around her smiling face and I was just looking at her with smitten admiration. I couldn't help but reach a hand out and set it on her knee, which I always liked to do in the car with my girlfriends back home. Although, this time, I did try to make it seem a bit more "brotherly" than "boyfriendly." Regardless, Ronnie's smile got even bigger and she set her hand right on top of mine.

First stop on our little outing was the coffee shop, for some supplemental breakfast. Ronnie and me sat at a little table sharing a donut, and she was pulling up funny things on her phone to show me. We leaned in close together to look at her phone, our heads touching, and under the table, our knees touched as well. I slipped a hand down and onto her knee, and she, blushing and giggling at whatever she had up on her phone, did the same to me. When we left the coffee shop, I reached over and took her hand, and we held hands, both of us smiling big, as we walked back to the car.

I felt like this day was going swimmingly good!

The parking lot at "The Rock" was already half-full, which was disappointing. I was hoping we might find a little privacy. So instead, I kept driving to the supplemental lot, where we were the only people around. Once I had the car in park, I turned to look at her, and she turned to look at me, and I kind of reach my hand to her shoulder and leaned towards her. I guess she knew what I was aiming for, because she leaned towards me, too, and in a heartbeat, we were kissing.

At first, it wasn't much more than a friendly peck on the lips, like our goodnight kiss the night before. A peck, and then lifting our heads away and smiling. But I wanted more, you know? So I leaned back in and game her another kiss, and then another, and eventually, our lips stayed together and our tongues ventured out, and this wasn't a friendly brother-and-sister good night kiss sort of kiss anymore. This was an "I want to taste you forever" sort of kiss. Shortly, our hands started joining in, touching each other's arms and backs, and the more we kissed, the handsier we got. This was "I want to touch every part of you" sort of touching. My hands settled on her breasts, and one of hers slid slowly down my belly until it was on my cock, her fingers tracing the outline of my erection through my pants.

We kissed, there in the car, and learned about each other's bodies, until I realized that we were no longer alone. The parking lot was filling with cars, and one couple, as they walked by, two little kids in tow, were staring right at us through the window. I sat back in response to their glares, and Ronnie realized what was happening and giggled embarrassedly. We straightened out our clothes and waited a minute or two, and got out of the car.

The climb up the hill to "The Rock" was perfectly enjoyable, but it was crowded, and all I wanted to do at this point was find somewhere private where I could be alone with my kid cousin again. As it was, I barely felt comfortable just holding her hand, although I figured we could get away with that if we played like we were brother and sister, which seemed to work. Ronnie looked particularly beautiful when we made it to the summit, the wind blowing her shining blond hair dry of the sweat that we'd acquired on the climb. Yes, folks, I was crushing, hard!

On the way back down, I ventured off the beaten path in search of that elusive private spot, and eventually we found a little outcropping of rock. The moment that we sat down, it was clear that we were both of the same mindset--our lips were instantly locked, and our hands were busy once again. But, it wasn't more than a minute or two before some other wayward hikers interrupted our game. We feigned innocence and waited for them to pass, then went right back to where we were before. Ronnie's hands were maybe a little more hesitant now, out in public; she wasn't exploring my cock now. But my hands were, if anything, even more aggressive, one fondling a breast, the other petting down between her legs. Then, inevitably, another group of hikers happened upon us. I was perfectly willing to just keep on making out with her, but Ronnie had more wits than me, and she broke our kiss and took my hand by the wrist, down between her legs, and pulled it away.

I must have given her the most pathetic puppy-dog eyes a boy of seventeen could muster, because she giggled as she stood up. "You have to wait!" she said, and took off running down the path.

I chased after her. "Wait?" I said as I caught up to her. "When?" I was such an anxious horny bastard!

"We can watch a movie tonight!" she said. "You'll just have to wait until then!"

That made me happy enough, that's for sure, and I took her hand and we walked back to the car.




I was awfully damned impatient for the grownups to finally leave for their stupid opera that night. Why do operas start so damned late? And, frustratingly, rather than eat out, the grownups decided to make a fancy dinner at home, the stupid fuckers. Were they not aware that I all I wanted to do was to get my hands all over my kid cousin again? I guess they weren't aware of this, which is a good thing of course! Ronnie and I started the movie before they'd even finished cleaning up, but the second after our moms came down to say goodbye and goodnight, we went right to work, our hands down between each other's legs, our lips locked in a forget-all-about-this-stupid-movie kiss. It wasn't more than a minute or two later that I started unbuttoning my pants, and Ronnie joined in to help, and I pulled them down and kicked them off. Ronnie had a big smile as she wrapped her cool fingers around my erection and started rubbing.

"What about you?" I said as my fingers fumbled at the buttons of her pants. "Let's get your pants off, too!"

Ronnie grinned and sat up on her knees next to me on the couch. She unbuttoned her pants and shimmied them down, along with her panties.

"I have a little bit of hair," she said, putting her hands on the sides of her crotch to show me, once her pants were at her ankles. "Not as much as you! But a little bit."

If there was, in fact, any hair, I couldn't see it from where I was sitting. Ronnie's pussy was the sweetest palest white you could ever imagine. But, if her pubic hair was as blond as the rest of her, it makes sense that I couldn't see it. So of course, I had to feel it, and I reached out and started petting her bare little pussy. She quickly pulled her pants off of her feet and sat down next to me, spreading her legs to give me access and reaching over to stroke my cock again.

And now, the "kissing cousins" weren't just kissing anymore. We were masturbating cousins now, stroking and petting each other into mutual bliss. My middle finger was getting sticky wet, a feeling I knew well from the girls back home, and her little clit, which had hitherto been hidden from my view, was now provocatively stiff and a deep reddish pink, and her beautiful blue eyes had a glassy look about them, and she was breathing hard and making little gasping moans, and she was gripping tightly to my cock like she would never, ever, let it go.

Sensing the initiative, I turned, swiveling my hips to face her, and she immediately responded in kind, turning to face me, and now our sex parts were mere inches apart. I reached up and grabbed her shirt and pulled it off over her head, and she answered this by reaching behind her back and unhooking her bra, while I pulled my own shirt off.

Now, I'm a tit man, my friends. I've always judged a girl's rack by its size alone. I wouldn't say that all the girls I dated back home were stacked like Playboy bunnies, but let's just say that some of them were, and if they let me get my hands on their tits, they were definitely getting asked out on another date. But Ronnie's, well, they were so tiny that they were little more than puffy nipples, although I knew from having felt them several times by now that there was at least a little bit of firm young flesh underneath them. Nevertheless, let's just say I wasn't predisposed to find Ronnie's little boobies very sexy. And yet, I swear to god, they were the sexiest damned titties I'd ever seen.

My lust, at the sight of them, was quite thoroughly overwhelming. I suppose, if I'd been thinking about it, I would have realized long before now that I could have sex with my kid cousin that night if I wanted to. But honestly, the thought hadn't entered my head. Up until this moment, I was just enjoying touching her, and having her touch me. But, without even thinking about it, I reached down to my cock, which Ronnie was still gripping tight, and pushed it down, and moved my hips forward, and my head made contact with her sex.

At this point, I had no idea what more to do. I suppose I just thought it would just slide right it? But when it didn't, I guess I figured she was too small for me to fit. And I was just fine with that, except for a now-overpowering need to cum, so I wrapped my hand around hers and together we started jacking me nice and hard.

But Ronnie, sweet little ten-year-old Ronnie, she had other ideas. She reached her other hand down and spread her lips, and now I felt the warmth, the sticky wet warmth of pussy on the tip of my cockhead, for the first time in my life. Instinct was taking over now, and I started rocking my hips, and she joined me, rocking her hips, too, with a bit more forward determination than I was showing, and still holding her pussy open. Still, things were not progressing quite like a guy might hope, and no matter how hard I tried to push into her, the result was just a bowed cock and a giggling girl.

"I... I guess it doesn't fit," I said, panting with disappointment and excitement.

Ronnie giggled. "I don't think you're in the right spot."

"I'm... I don't know..." I was feeling fully embarrassed now. I should be the experienced one in this relationship, but now I was acting like a virgin fool.

Ronnie sat back a bit, and spread her lips open wide, and looked down. Satisfied with her own understanding of her anatomy now, she moved back towards me, gripped my cock again, and still holding her pussy lips open, pushed my head down further. I instantly started rutting my hips with forward determination, and she joined with counter-thrusts, and I could feel my head burrowing in.

We were breathing so hard now that I could swear we were both going to die of hyperventilation. Then Ronnie looked up at me with a great big smile on her face.

"We're having sex!" she exclaimed, her eyes twinkling.

All I could do was nod.

Now that I was lodged in her a bit, Ronnie was able to let go of my shaft and lay back onto the couch, spreading her legs wide with me awkwardly sitting in between them. I fumbled inexpertly in an attempt to crawl on top of her while still excitedly rocking my hips like some sex-crazed animal in heat, which I suppose is an adequate description of me at that particular moment. The result of my efforts was terribly disappointing; my cock slipped out of Ronnie's little puss, and a few anxious searching forward thrusts resulted in my head only bumping against her but not finding its heavenly mark. But Ronnie, sweet little Ronnie, just reached down with both hands, one spreading her lips again, the other grabbing my cock and helping him in. The angle must have been a lot better now, or her hymen was gone, or she was sufficiently lubricated, or all of the above, because one solid forward thrust of my hips caused my cock to drive in deep, my head now buried three inches inside her.

My eyes went wide, and hers did, too, although the smile was gone from her face. Maybe it hurt. Probably it did. But whether or not it was hurting her was the furthest thought from my mind at this particular moment, and as I lay down on her fully, I lifted my hips, and slammed them forward, and I was all the way in. Balls deep inside my kid cousin's cunt.

The next--I don't know how long, two minutes? Five minutes? Fifteen seconds? were a complete blur, nothing but my hips slamming forward repeatedly, driving my cock in like my life depended on it. My sweet Ronnie was mostly an afterthought for these few minutes; all she was, right then, was a pussy for me to fuck. Nothing more, nothing less. And it was the most wonderful, invigorating feeling I could ever imagine, just laying on top of a girl and using her like she was... well, I guess, like she was my whore.

As my cock burned with the heat of our sex, and my balls slapped stickily against her ass, I felt my cum begin to boil. There wasn't a thought in my head of stopping, or pulling out. My little fuck toy cousin was going to get my full load tonight. There wasn't anything she could do about it, that's for sure, even if she wanted to, with the full weight of my much larger body lying on top of her. It was the most amazing orgasm I could ever have even conceived of, explosions that sent stars dancing in front of my eyes, rivers of cum emptying out of me. I swear to god I must have fired ten shots, each one deep inside her. Then I just lay on top of her, impaling her fully, catching my breath.

We snuggled wordlessly afterwards, both of us still naked, her head leaning against my shoulder again. I felt strange--completely happy and satisfied, and yet at the same time worried and guilty. I'd just used a kid, a ten year old girl, a girl I loved dearly, for my base sexual pleasure, and I'd surely hurt her in the process. I was worried about her, and wanted to make sure she was okay, but I couldn't form the words.

Ronnie was, in fact, the first one to speak. "I've never seen your penis small," she said, after a bit. I saw her looking down with a little smile at my now-flaccid cock.

"No?"

"No, you always had a boner when I saw it before." She reached down and lifted my limp, still-sex sticky shaft and gave it a little shake. She giggled. "It's cute."

"Um... thanks...?"

She giggled some more and slid her hand down to my balls. "It seemed like you squirted a lot," she said. "I'm very... sloppy."

"Yeah... sorry..."

"It's okay."

She moved her hand back up and wrapped her cool fingers around my shaft, giving me a few gentle tugs. My cock began to wake up again.

"You're getting a boner again?"

"Yeah..."

"Do you want to squirt more?"

"I'd love to do it again!" I said, all excited. "I can... I can try to be gentler..."

"I'm pretty sore."

"Oh... sorry..."

"It's okay."

"I could... I could kiss you down there," I suggested.

She smiled up at me. "Maybe tomorrow? I'm pretty messy right now."

I nodded.

"But..." she said softly, "I could kiss you... down there."

I nodded again. She smiled, then leaned down, and kissed the head of my rapidly thickening cock.

"Tell me what to do," she whispered.

I could barely talk, but at least this was an area where I had a bit of pre-existing experience. "Take..." I stammered, "take my head in your mouth, and jack me."

I just leaned back on the couch while my naked little ten year old kid cousin Ronnie sweetly sucked and beat my cock. After a bit, she pulled off.

"Sorry," she said, looking up at me. "My jaw is sore."

"That's okay." I reached down and started jacking myself, and she turned her head back and watched, occasionally licking the tip of my head. Soon I was panting, and Ronnie seemed to know exactly what this meant, and what she should do about it, and she opened her mouth and took my head into her. The warmth, the sweet comforting wetness of her mouth, instantly brought me over the edge and I came. I don't know how much I came, it didn't seem like very much, but I was a seventeen year old boy so it may have been quite a lot I suppose. At any rate, Ronnie coughed a couple times as I came and most of it spilled out, or maybe just hit her on the face. I couldn't tell from my vantage point. But, she had a big grin when she looked up at me and wiped her mouth off with the back of her hand.




I had every intention of making good on my promise to kiss Ronnie "down there" the next day. Damn right I did! But those damned grownups were an omnipresent obstacle. I plotted all day to find some time to be alone with her, but alas! All I could do was whisper to her when she gave me a goodnight kiss--on the cheek this time, since the grownups were drinking wine not far away around the kitchen island.

"I owe you something."

"You do?" she whispered back, like she didn't remember.

I looked surreptitiously out the corner of my eye to make sure the grownups weren't paying attention, then pointed down between her legs and whispered, "A kiss."

"Oh!" she whispered back, grinning sweetly and blushing. "Right!"

"Can I come to your room, after everyone's in bed?"

She nodded with enthusiasm.

"Good night, Ronnie," I said louder, for the grownups to hear. "Sleep well!"

"Good night Evan! You too!"

"You and Ronnie seem to be getting along well," my mom said, as I sat down at the island with the grownups and my Uncle Mac poured me a glass of the wine. Uncle Mac has no problem with kids having a glass of wine. I liked that about him.

"Yeah," I answered. Typical cryptic non-communicative teenager.

"Well, good!" my mom said, and then returned to the boring conversation the grownups were having about politics or the theater or whatever.

It was ages before the grownups finally called it a night. It must have been two more hours. I went to bed myself, then texted Ronnie.

You still up?

Yep

Okay, I'm just going to wait a few more minutes.

OK

A couple minutes later, I texted her again. On my way!

Yay!

I was already hard as I tiptoed down the hall. My intention was only to kiss her pussy, because she'd earned it, to be sure, but also because I absolutely love kissing pussy. The few times that I'd actually done it by then were heaven on Earth material. But, I couldn't help hoping that she might let me fuck her again. I wasn't going to push it--she was probably still too sore, but maybe not? Or maybe, I thought (hoped!), maybe she'll give me a blow job again?

Her room was dark when I opened the door, but I could see her, dimly, laying on the bed. Quietly, I climbed on top of her and kissed her on the lips, then moved down, kissing her neck, then her tiny breasts through her nightgown, then down her belly. As I pulled her panties off, she spread her legs, and I leaned in and kissed her sex.

I don't know how long I spent down there, but no matter how long it was, it wasn't long enough. Ronnie tasted like some sort of heavenly candy, sweet and salty, sharp and tart. And I knew now that she did have a little bit of hair, like she had claimed--little light-blond curls tickled my nose as I rooted my tongue into her. I suppose I wasn't very good at the art back then, but what I lacked in talent, I more than made up for in enthusiasm; but more importantly, unlike the girls I'd gone down on up to this point in my life, Ronnie was a open book. Whenever I'd do something she liked, she'd lift her ass off the bed and her legs would start shaking. This sort of honest straightforward feedback is invaluable to a kid of seventeen and it allowed me to tailor my activities to those most likely to cause this delightful reaction in my little cousin.

It worked out well for Ronnie, I have to say, who shuttered through several smallish mini-orgasms before building to a eventual climax that left my cheeks coated in girlcum and a giant smile plastered on both of our faces. I was awfully turned on at this point, so while Ronnie lay there, glassy-eyed and smiling dreamily, legs still spread wide, I sat up, yanked my pants down, and started masturbating. In response, she sat up, too, and reached out to join in.

And then, after rubbing my cock for a little bit, my sweet little kid cousin climbed on my lap.

She lifted herself up on her knees and reached down, spreading her pussy lips. I knew what this was all about now, so I was able to direct my cockhead to her proffered opening, and Ronnie sat down, and I groaned as I found heaven again.

"Shhhh!" Ronnie admonished me, with a finger in front of her mouth. She sat up on her knees, then down, and started riding. I tried to be quiet, I swear to god, but how could I? I lay back and grunted with each of her downward thrusts as she rode my pole.

"Shhhh!" she admonished again, then reached her hand out and covered my mouth. And that's how ten year old Ronnie fucked me that night: hips pumping up and down, hand covering my mouth, a glassy-eyed smile on her face.

Eventually I was squirming and panting through her hand, trying to catch my breath. "Are you gonna squirt?" she whispered, smiling deviously.

I nodded, looking up at her wide-eyed.

Her face erupted in a huge grin and she leaned over, removed her hand from my mouth, and planted her lips right on my mouth.

Ever since then, I've just loved kissing the girl while I cum, and I learned the wonder of it from my kid cousin Ronnie.

And cum, I did, for sure. Gallons, I swear to god. Thankfully my moans were muted by our kiss.

Ronnie stayed on top of me, still kissing me, for a bit, before she climbed off and lay down. She had her legs spread open and I could see a glob of my cum oozing out of her. Damn, it was the sexiest thing I'd ever seen, Little Ronnie Creampie, lying there, leaking cum. It made me hard again. Ah, the glory of seventeen!

She noticed that my cock was happily erect again. Grinning, she looked up at me, and whispered, "I'm not as sore this time."

"That's good," I whispered back. Then, "So, you think we could do it again?"

She smiled and blushed and nodded. "If you promise to be quiet."

I nodded back, vigorously.

She didn't need to spread her pussy for me now. I slid right in.

The sex lasted for much longer this time, longer than Ronnie probably wanted. But this was my first experience with such a sloppy cunt, and it's a completely different experience. When a girl is this wet, and used and distended, you've got yourself the perfect fuck toy, and it's really easy to just set a pace that primes your balls but never gets you over the edge. I fucked little Ronnie like that for an eternity, once again not thinking about her much at all, just using her like a sex doll. It wasn't until things started getting dry inside her, or at least least less sloppy, and the friction was causing my cock to get a little chafed, that I finally started going gangbusters inside her. And it was another exquisite orgasm, that's for damned sure. Ronnie was my little cum-taker, twice that night.




My family's little visit was quickly coming to a close now; the next night was our last. Thankfully, the parents decided to go out for a nightcap, and I had that exquisite experience of being a man who knew, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that I was going to get pussy again that night. Probably more than once.

Ronnie was playful all day. Silly, even. It was a good reminder for me that she really was just a kid. We went to a waterpark, then to to coffee shop again, where she forced me to watch cute kitten and puppy videos on her phone while she cooed and giggled. Back at her house, I suggested a squirt gun fight, for old time's sake, which Ronnie agreed to wholeheartedly, and the two of us played in the yard, me in my swimming trunks, her in a tiny bright blue bikini. Afterwards we sat in the hot tub, swimsuits on, I'm afraid, since the grownups were grilling dinner on the deck. But Uncle Mac brought me a beer, and Ronnie took a few healthy swallows when the olds weren't looking. Eventually the damned parents went out for their "nightcap," and Ronnie and me made a beeline back to the hot tub.

It was dark by now, and we sat close together, kissing in the warm swirling water, hands wandering once again. Swimming trunks and bikini bottoms fell off, and hands stopped wandering and started stroking and rubbing. When Ronnie climbed onto my lap again, I felt a little exposed--the neighbors could be watching us from their second floor windows, after all. So I suggested we should get out, dry off, and head up to her bedroom, a suggestion that made her giggle.

"I know what you want to do!" she said.

"Oh yeah? What?"

"You want to put your thingie in my thingie!"

"You're silly!"

"It's what you always want to do!"

"It is fun, don't you think?"

"No!" she shrieked, shrinking back in the hot tub and feigning horror. "Your thingie's too big! It doesn't fit in my thingie!"

"I think it fits quite nice."

"I think you just want to do dirty things to me and make me preggy!"

"You're too young to get pregnant," I replied.

She sat back, pouting. "Am not. I have hair on my thingie. And boobies."

"Oh? You have boobies? Let me see!"

She pouted some more. "You are so horny! Fine." And she pulled off her bikini top. "See?" she said, pointing at her little breasts. "Boobies!" She stood up, buck naked now, and pointed at her pussy. "And hair! You just want to make me preggy!"

I was smiling, admiring her in the dim darkness. "No, I just think you're really sexy."

She grinned, but then frowned, remembering that she was supposed to be acting pouty. "Okay, fine. You can put your thingie in me and make me preggy." She climbed out of the hot tub, buck naked, just like when she was five. I, however, pulled my swim trunks on before I climbed out.

Naked still, Ronnie scampered up the stairs to her room. I followed quickly behind her, stumbling as I pulled my shorts back down. When I got to her room, she was already on her knees on her bed.

"I have an idea!" she said excitedly.

"Yeah? What?"

"We can do it doggy!"

"Doggy?!?"

"Yeah! They always do it doggy in porn, right? It looks so naughty!" She turned, so that her cute little skinny ass was facing me, then turned her head back and grinned at me. As I climbed on the bed, she dropped down to her hands and knees, spreading her legs as she did.

"Are you gonna put your big thing in my naughty doggy parts?" she asked me, watching over her shoulder as I positioned myself behind her.

"Yes!"

She reached up under and spread her pussy lips open. The sight of the glistening pink flesh inside her thrilled me, and I pushed my cockhead in, overwhelmed with desire at the feeling of her warm lubrication.

"Oooh," she moaned as I entered her. "It's too big, Daddy! It won't fit!"

"Daddy??"

She looked back at me, grinning. "Are you going to make me preggies tonight Daddy?"

I grabbed her hips and shoved my hips forward, and my cock buried into her, balls deep again, the entire length of me squeezed tight by her hot little cunt. She dropped down to her elbows and buried her face into the bed. "Oh, god," she let out a muffled moan.

I fucked my kid cousin hard that night. I have to admit, I was beginning to really like fucking her hard. I just gripped tightly to her ass and slammed my hips forward repeatedly, my cockhead driving into the depths, my balls slapping against her. Good god I could do this forever, it's the greatest thing on Earth. I still feel that way about doggy, but jesus my first time was beyond spectacular.

Ronnie was moaning throughout, little gasps of barely-audible words that I sometimes thought sounded like, "Too... rough...! Slow... down...!"

It's not that I outright ignored what she was saying. I definitely didn't want to ignore her. But, I suppose I can fall back on the excuse that I was just a kid, and I didn't know how to treat a woman yet. Or maybe I'm just a right bastard after all, I have had a couple ladies tell me that. Whatever, regardless, her little quietly-moaned protestations did not have their desired effect (assuming, mind, that the desired effect actually was to get me to be less rough). Those little moans just made me want to fuck her all the harder.

Soon enough, I was fully primed and my balls were boiling with primal need. I suppose I was grunting or groaning or something, because little Ronnie seemed to sense that the end was near.

"Are... you... gonna... squirt your stuff?!?" She muffle-moaned into the bedsheets. The question was accompanied by her reaching up to our commingled "thingies,” fingers grasping at her clit and rubbing hard while my balls thumped against them.

"Yes!" I shouted my reply, still holding tight to her skinny ass and impaling her repeatedly with reckless abandoned.

"Evan!" she muffle-shouted, "You'll... make me pregnant!"

"Damn right I will!" I shouted.

"You... wanna... make your little cousin preggy!"

"Damn... right... I... do!" With each word, I slammed as deep as I could into her, my cockhead ramming into the soft mucusy flesh of the furthest depths of her vagina, and as I shouted the last word, I held myself there, all the way inside her, my balls hard up against her hand as her finger worked furiously on her clit. A second passed, although it seemed like an eternity to me, like an entire lifetime, as I felt my cum gloriously fill my innards and then an instant later exploded, firing into her deepest place. I stayed there, holding her in place and impaling her, for the next shot, and the next, and the next. She was shaking and moaning, cumming with me. As my orgasm passed its peak, I went back to rocking my hips, spurting more shots of cum with each forward thrust.

When I pulled out, Ronnie collapsed onto the bed and rolled over, smiling up at me, her face bright red, her hair matted, her legs spread wide and her pussy just as red and inflamed as her face. My cock didn't even soften (ah to be seventeen again!); he was already roaring for round two. So l just climbed on top of my little cousin, ruddy face and matted hair and all, mounted her, and started rutting a second time.

Whether or not the girl appreciated being fucked a second time so shortly after the first, I don't know, but she voiced no objection and just lay there rather passively, legs wide, hands on my shoulders but not trying to push me away, while I did my deed.

I stayed in her, and on her, after I came, but she interrupted my bliss by saying, "I'm worried that the grownups will get home soon."

"Yeah," I said, finally climbing off of her. "I wish I could stay here all night."

"Yeah..." she said wistfully. Then she grinned. "We should get married!"

"That'd be sweet! Then I could sleep with you every night!"

She grinned. "You just want to have lots of sex!"

"Maybe!"

"You'd have sex with me nonstop if you could!"

"Maybe not nonstop," I said, pointing at my non-small penis as I stood up. "He needs a little time to recuperate."

She stood up and grabbed a nightgown from her dresser. "What about me? You're so rough when you do it, you leave me all sore!"

"I'm sorry..."

"So if we were married, how many times a night would we do it?"

"I don't know. Four? Five?"

She grinned big. "When would we sleep?!?"

"In between times! Like right now, we can both go to sleep, and then in the middle of the night when the grownups are asleep, I can come back!"

"You're crazy!"

I gave her my most puppy-dog eyes. "Come on, please? One more time? We're leaving in the morning!"

She grinned. "Maybe. But only if you're gentle. I'm really sore! And if you make me pregnant you have to promise to marry me!"

"I promise!"




The alarm on my phone went off at two in the morning. Ronnie was sound asleep when I went into her room, and I felt a little guilty about the fact that I had no intention of letting her sleep. Instead, I lay down next to her and kissed her on the cheek.

She opened her eyes, just a little bit, and smiled at me. "You came back!" she whispered, turning and putting her arms around me and kissing me on the lips.

We kissed for quite a while, my hands all over her.

"I'm really sleepy," she said, when I started pulling her panties down.

"That's okay, I'll be quick."

"Okay. And gentle?"

"Yes, and gentle!" I whispered as I pulled her panties off her feet and pulled down my shorts.

She opened her legs, and reached down and spread her pussy, and I found her opening easily. I was getting better at this shit now! But she was dry, a new experience for me, and it took a little while for me to get inside her fully. But eventually she was wet enough, and I was able to lay down on her and rock my hips and slide my cock in and out.

I was gentle. And she was sleepy, her eyes fluttering, sometimes fully closed so that I wondered if she'd fallen asleep. She probably had!

I finished in her, of course, then lay down next to her and we held each other and kissed. The next thing I remember, there was sunlight streaming in through her window, and the smell of bacon wafting up from downstairs.

"Oh shit! I fell asleep!"

Her eyes went wide. "Oh no!"

I pulled on my shorts and peeked out the door to the hallway. "All clear!" I whispered back to her, then made my way down to the kitchen.

"Good morning, sleepyhead!" my mom said, handing me a cup of coffee. "Did you sleep well?"

"I did!"

"Good! Oh, and here's the other sleepyhead," she said as Ronnie walked into the room, looking like the most adorable thing on Earth.




That's the end of the tale, I'm afraid. Ronnie and I stayed close, but we didn't see each other in person again for years. She was sixteen the next time I saw her, just a couple months ago, and she is a stunning, ravishingly beautiful young woman. And yes, indeed, we did had sex again. But that's a whole nother story, for another time.

I hope you enjoyed the tale of my first time! Peace out. 



[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please consider leaving a comment at my erotic fiction web site, http://www.asstr.org/~Chris_Hailey.  Thanks!]

