Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Battered Lamp Chapter Thirty-Five: The Warrior of Fire
Summary: Kyle treats with the Sheikh of the Ifrit to win the fiery tribes support against the Marid.
Keywords: mffff mfhh magic inc lac oral anal dp
Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Cast of Characters

Main Characters

Kyle Unmei Jr.: Half-Japanese/Half-Kurdish owner of Aaliyah and wielder of Earthbones.

Aaliyah Unmei: A Jann sent to marry the prophesied savior of the Djinn. Kyle's First Wife. Reunited with Kyle.

Fatima Unmei : Kyle's younger sister and wife, wielder of Fireheart.

Christy Unmei nee Leonardson: Kyle's long-time girlfriend turned third wife. A witch who follows Ishtar and wields Shadowedge.

Fumi Unmei nee Nakamura: Kyle's fourth wife. A succubus-like Yuki-onna and wielder of Windfeather. She is blind.

Britney Kingston: Kyle's best friend since elementary school. She is a Rakshasa and has sworn to defend Kyle. She is a hermaphrodite and has claimed Phillipa as her mate. Wielder of Waterclaw.

Enemies

Sultan Rashid ibn al-Marid: The despotic ruler of the Djinn and leader of the Marid clan. Wants Aaliyah dead to thwart the prophecy. Forced to accept the marriage with Faiza to stop Kyle.

Hecate: The Dark Goddess that both Ms. Franklin and Burke served. Sent a familiar to seize Faiza's soul when she died. Hecate has possessed Faiza and approached Rashid for an alliance.

Faiza Unmei: Kyle and Fatima's widowed mother. Killed by Burke. Her soul was stolen by a familiar of Hecate. Resurrected by Hecate as an instrument of the Dark Goddess's vengeance against Kyle. Hecate has possessed Faiza. Married to Rashid as part of Hecate's plan.

Makerah: An Unbound Marid, a Djinn that has violated the Laws of his people and escaped punishment through a dark ritual. A servant of Sultan Rashid and his son. Ordered to hunt down Aaliyah and Zaritha and kill them.

Sheikh Tariq ibn al-Ghul: Shiekh of the vile Ghul. Rashid has contacted Tariq, alerting the Ghul of Kyle's plan to free Kalila from Jabal al-Dhukan in Ghul territory.

Aljihm: An Unbound Ifrit and servant of Sultan Rashid. Killed by Kyle and Britney during the attack on Khoshilat Maqandeli.

Aalizunah: An Unbound Si'lat and servant of Sultan Rashid. Ordered to hunt down Aaliyah and Zaritha and kill them. Slain by Britney.

Jowdah: An Unbound Ghul and servant of Sultan Rashid. Killed by Zaritha.

Khiana: An Unbound Jann. Once a bitter rival to Sultan Rashid but now a servant of the Sultan. Ordered to hunt down Aaliyah and Zaritha and kill them. Revealed to be Aaliyah's father. Killed by Christy, Fumi, and Fatima during the attack on Khoshilat Maqandeli.

Ms. Franklin: The deceased servant of Burke and leader of the coven. Also known as Celestite.

Principal Burke: The identity assumed by Alphonse of Toulouse, a nine-hundred-year-old knight. A warlock serving Hecate. Killed by Kyle.

Concubines

Chyna Unmei nee Coel: Kyle's first concubine. Ms. Franklin cast a spell on Kyle and Chyna, forcing them into a slave/master relationship.

Shannon Unmei nee Coel: Chyna's hot mom and Kyle's second concubine.

Alexina Unmei nee Kendrick: Blonde concubine.

Carla Unmei nee Tyler: Redhead concubine.

Antoinette Toni Unmei nee Buckley: Cheerleader concubine.

Daniella Ms. Capello Unmei nee Capello: Kyle's English teacher and concubine.

Lois Unmei nee Smilingfox: A lesbian Domme that serves Kyle as a concubine.

Ann Unmei nee Weaver: Fatima's friend and strawberry-blonde hair.

Kayleah Unmei nee Peterson: Fatima's bleached blonde concubine and former rival.

Teleisia Unmei nee Otis: Aaliyah's African American concubine.

Phillipa Kingston nee Stoddard: Former member of Ms. Franklin's coven where she was known as Jade. Captured by Britney, Phillipa submitted to Britney and became her mate, discovering that she is a masochist.

Mindy Unmei nee Stoneking: A nurse at the hospital where Fatima is sick and Kyle's newest concubine.

Sable Unmei nee Purcell: Also known as Tourmaline, she was a member of Ms. Franklin's witch coven. While fighting with Christy, she was hit by a Love Elemental's attack and now completely loves Christy.

Zaritha Unmei: An Ifrit serving the despotic ruler of the Djinn and sent to kill Aaliyah. After saving Aaliyah, she now serves Kyle as a faithful concubine.

Naila & Tarah Unmei: Twin sisters and daughters of Hawaa. These two Si'lat are hermaphrodites and submit to Fumi as her concubines, betraying their mother's plot to enslave Kyle.

Hawaa Unmei nee binti al-Si'lat: Former ruler of the Si'lat Djinn. She tried to dominated Kyle, but he prevailed and made her his concubine.

Other Characters

Sheikh Umar ibn al-Jann: Aaliyah's father. Believed dead, but really he became the Unbound Jann Khiana. Murder his son and heir to trap Kyle and kill his daughter Aaliyah. Killed by Christy, Fumi, and Fatima during the attack on Khoshilat Maqandeli.

Kalsom binti Abdullah: An old Jann woman that made the Kalsomid Prophecy, setting into motion Aaliyah's sleep in the lamp.

Ishtar: The Goddess of Magic Christy, Sable, and Phillipa now serve.

Sarai: The daughter of Rashid. She is angry at her father and helps Kyle, pledging the Marid's support to his rule if he overthrows Rashid.

Sayid: The Vizier to Sheikh Sihab ibn Jann. Helped Khiana and Aljihm to attack Kyle. Now he is the regent for Sihab's son.

Sheikh Haleem ibn al-Ifrit: Ruler of the Sheikh. A thousand years ago, Zaritha kidnapped his 
beloved wife Kalila. Since then, Haleem and his Ifrit have been forced to serve Rashid to keep his wife alive.

Sheikha Kalila: Wife of Haleem and rescued by Kyle. He hopes to use her to win an alliance with the Ifrit.

Note: Thanks to Scotstigger for beta reading this.

Saturday, January 29th  Khoshilat Maqandeli, The Hidden Realm

Christy used her staff to return everyone from Jabal al-Dukhan back to Kyle's quarters in the Jann palace. Space unfolded and they stood before his bed. Kyle cradled the naked Kalila in his arms. She was beautiful, and Christy wondered what Kyle was going to do with the Sheikha. 

Would he risk the possibility of aligning with the Ifrit to possess her?

Hawaa, Kyle said, setting Kalila on the bed. The woman seized the blankets, wrapping them around her body. She trembled, looking down.

Yes, Master, the Si'lat Sheikha said.

Take Kalila to the harem. Dress her in silks befitting a Sheikha and then have Sayid send word to Haleem that we have his wife and demand his presence before the day is out.

Hawaa bowed. Come with me, Kalila, she smiled. Do not be afraid. Kyle will not harm you. You have nothing to fear.

Okay, the woman said, her eyes sweeping about.

You will be returned to your husband, Kyle promised her.

Thank you, great one. She bowed, clutching the blankets about her before letting Hawaa lead her out of the room.

So, we have a little bit of free time, Fatima grinned.

I need to keep researching that spell. Yes, but I have to

Christy's words were cut off by her fiery wife's enthusiastic kiss, carrying her down onto the bedspread. Whatever you have to do can wait. It's time to have fun!

Fatima's mouth was eager on hers, thrusting her tongue in deep. Christy couldn't fight such burning passion, not after the excitement of the battle. There was something so primal about combat. She had enjoyed watching Kyle fighting the Ghul. He was so strong and powerful. So virile. Her warrior husband.

Aaliyah, I wish we were all naked, Kyle said.

Done, my love, purred the Djinn.

Christy still found it strange to suddenly become naked. But Fatima's equally naked body squirming atop her did much to alleviate that problem. Fatima was an enthusiastic lover, her tongue thrusting deep into Christy's mouth as her hips writhed atop her, grinding her pussy into Christy's.

A shudder ran through the witch. She humped back, her hands sliding down to cup Fatima's pumping ass. Their clits brushed, pleasure shuddering through Christy as Fatima moaned into her mouth. Fatima's hands slid up Christy's sides, sending small shivers through her body.

That is a sexy sight, groaned Kyle.

Uh-huh, Aaliyah purred.

Strong hands touched her thighs, spreading her more apart. She could feel Kyle's callouses rough on her pussy; Christy shuddered. Fatima let out a squeal, her hips bucking hard into Christy's pussy, grinding pleasure through Christy's body.

Lick my pussy, Kyle! moaned Fatima.

Kyle's tongue licked up Christy's slit, stirring pleasure, his stubbly cheeks brushing her labia. His tongue caressed her clit then he continued up to Fatima's tasty twat. Fatima writhed, savoring their husband's tongue and tribbing Christy harder.

You must be loving your double treat, moaned Christy as Kyle took his second lick.

Very much, he laughed. Tangy and tart mixing together.

His tongue probed and nuzzled into her pussy longer before moving up to Fatima's pussy. Oh, fuck! Christy gasped as he shoved a thick finger inside her.

Kyle slurped and licked at Fatima's pussy as two of his thick fingers pumped in and out of her pussy. Christy bucked her hips, sliding her clit around Fatima's juicy cunt as Kyle reamed her. She squeezed down, loving his fingers.

We have the best husband, groaned Fatima. Oh, yes. Keep licking me just like that. Oh, Kyle. Oh, yes! I'm going to cream you so hard! I love it! I love every second of your wonderful technique! You are the best husband!

Fatima's face contorted in pleasure above Christy's. The younger teen gasped, her jaw opening wide as she shuddered. Juices flooded Christy's flesh. Fatima squealed with delight as she came on Kyle's lips.

Cum, slut, moaned Christy, her fingernails biting into Fatima's butt. Cum on our husband's lips.

I love to! moaned Fatima. Oh, yes, Kyle! That's it! Fuck!

Fatima shuddered one last time, and then rolled off Christy, panting and moaning.

Kyle buried his face between Christy's thighs, attacking her clit with his lips and tongue. Her back arched at the sudden pleasure, gasping with delight. Pleasure swelled inside her, spurred on by his thick, pumping fingers and eager tongue.

Enjoy our husband, giggled Fatima as she stood up, giving Christy a quick kiss on the lips. Fatima looked around at the orgy that had unfolded while Christy had been busy. Ooh, look at that. 

Fatima scrambled away, almost throwing herself on Chyna, engulfing the concubine's nipple and sucking milk from the busty concubine's tit. Mindy, wearing a strap-on, approached Fatima as she nursed, her ass wiggling. Mindy couldn't resist and plowed the strap-on into Fatima's pussy, pumping away hard as Fatima suckled at Chyna's tit.

Christy looked around the room, loving the debauchery she witnessed. Aaliyah was sharing a double-headed dildo with Toni, both women humping their hips and working the rubbery, blue sex toy in and out of their twats. Shannon and Ms. Capello nursed from each other's tits while Zaritha and Lois licked their pussies.

Kyle's dark, slanted eyes stared up at Christy from between her thighs as he licked and sucked at her pussy. He wanted to make her cum hard, and Christy was more than willing to let him. She gasped, squeezing the sheets as her body hurtled towards ecstasy. Her breasts heaved as her back arched, her hips writhing into Kyle's lips.

She came.

Kyle! she screamed. My sweet Kyle!

The bed creaked and moaned as her pleasure poured through her. It was everything she wanted to experience. He always gave her the best orgasms. Even the first time he had eaten her out on that date so many weeks ago. He had taken her cherry later on, but first he had made sure that she'd had the best cum ever.

And hed just given her another powerful orgasm.

I want you to fuck me, Christy moaned, rolling over on to her hands and knees. Fuck me hard!

Kyle grinned, licking her pussy one more time as he rose up. I always want to fuck you hard.

She smiled then groaned as he thrust into her. Her pussy squeezed about his girth, her hips slamming back. Pleasure roared through her, stirred up by his wonderful thrusts. Their flesh slapped together, Kyle grunting every time he buried into her sweet depths.

He fucked her slow and hard, letting her savor every inch, his hips shifting, working that cock through her wonderful parts. She moaned, pushing back and squeezing her cunt about that amazing shaft. Her pleasure increased, shuddering through her.

Your mouth looks free, Sable purred, sliding in front of her. Will you lick my pussy, Mistress? I love it when you do.

Sure, Christy moaned, letting Kyle's thrust push her face down between Sable's sweet musk. Honey-brown, curly pubes tickled her lips as she ate out her concubine. Sable let out a lovely sigh, her hips twitching as she licked and sucked.

Eat the slut out, groaned Kyle, thrusting faster. Work your tongue through her twat. Fuck!, that is so sexy. I love watching your pink tongue slide through her juicy cunt.

Umm, she tastes so good, I just can't resist, Christy purred, licking her lips clean of the sweet pussy juices before diving back in to take another long, slow lick.

Oh, Mistress, gasped Sable. Umm, yes. I love you! Thank you!

Play with your tits, whore! Kyle growled. Pinch and roll those nipples while your Mistress licks your twat.

Yes, Master, she groaned. Umm, like this!

Christy's eyes flicked up. Her concubine pinched her nipples between her fingers, pulling on her taut breasts.

Just like that slut! Kyle's thrusts were hard, their flesh slapping together, his heavy balls smacking into her clit.

Christy groaned, her tongue sliding around Sable's clit. She sucked, nibbling on the nub. Sable's squeal was so cute. She tugged hard on her nipples, her hips bucking up into Christy's eager mouth. Christy nibbled a second time, her concubine shuddering hard.

Oh, Mistress! That's it! That's what I needed!

Pussy juices flooded out of Sable's pussy, dripping into Christy's mouth. She drank them down, savoring the floor. She swirled them about her mouth before swallowing them. Her own pleasure neared, stirred by Kyle's hammering dick.

Fuck! Fuck! I love watching a woman cum! Oh, yes! And you drank her juices down!

Yes! moaned Christy. Cum in me, Kyle! Give it to me! Oh, yes! I'm so close. Pour your spunk into me!

Kyle grunted. His thrust grew erratic. He was so close. She twisted her hips and squeezed her pussy down around his thrusting cock. Her pleasure mounted, her nerves screaming inside her pussy. Kyle shuddered, slamming into her.

Christy! he moaned as his wonderful cum flooded her depths.

Her orgasm shuddered through her. Hot and fast. Her pussy spasming about his hard cock. He drew back and thrust in again, sending a smaller wave through her. She shivered, bliss flowing through her.

And then he pulled out.

She collapsed onto the bed, rolling over; laying her head on Sable's wet pussy and warm belly. Did you have a nice cum, Mistress? Sable purred.

I did, Christy smiled, watching Kyle disappear beneath the ecstatic Toni, Alexina, Carla, and Kayleah, the concubines eager to enjoy their master. She closed her eyes, savoring the lingering traces of her orgasm.

Someone wiggled between her open legs, licking at her pussy. She cracked her eyes open and smiled. Hi, Fumi.

Christy, the blind woman smiled back, her lips smeared with cum and pussy juices.

Christy leaned back and savored her next orgasm.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kalila trembled before Kyle's throne, swathed in red silks, a veil and shawl covering her lovely face. Kyle's concubines surrounded the throne, lounging with a deceptive casualness, swathed in purple silks. Hawaa, his concubine and Sheikha of the Si'lat, knelt at Kyle's feet.

Fatima, sit with your back straight, Aaliyah admonished. You are Kyle's Sultana. You do him disrespect by slouching upon your throne.

Geez, Fatima groaned, rolling her almond-shaped eyes beneath her red shall, a veil hiding her lips. Chill, Aaliyah.

The Sheikh of the Ifrit is coming to treat with our husband, Aaliyah hissed.

Fine. Fatima straightened in her throne to Kyle's right. There. Happy?

Aaliyah, sitting to his left, nodded. Good. You will make our husband proud.

Fatima rolled her eyes a second time. Kyle grinned, took her hand, and kissed her fingers. Humor her.

Yes, big bro. Her eyes flashed. It's just fun teasing her.

He comes, Britney whispered. She stood in the viziers position, just to the right and behind his throne, swaddled in blue silk. Phillipa and Sable were back there, too, whispering as they maintained the protection spells that surrounded the throne. Sayid, the Jann's vizier, was not happy to be excluded from Kyle's councils.

Someone had betrayed Kyle's plans to the Marid. When they had gone to Jabal al-Dukhan this morning to rescue Kalila, the Ghuls had been waiting. It had to be one of the Jann standing in the court that claimed to serve Kyle.

Unless it was one of my family. Kyle didn't want to suspect his women. It would be so easy. Christy had betrayed him out of jealousy once, maybe she could do it again. 

He pushed that thought down, glancing over at Christy on the other side of Aaliyah, wrapped in black silk. She met his eyes and he could see the love in her hazel depths. There was no way she could have been the traitor.

It had to be one of these Jann. They knew our next step was to free Kalila, and Rashid must have deduced where Zaritha had hidden the Ifrit Sheikha.

The great stone doors of the throne room opened and whirling fire soared in past homunculi that guarded the throne. The flames resolved into the Ifrit. They were tall and lanky, their hair black as coal. All had scimitars thrust through their red sashes. At the center stood a richly dressed man, his eyes as hard as black diamonds, his brown chest rippling with muscles.

Kalila let out a pleased sound, striding forward and falling to the floor and pressing her veiled face to his feet. Her body shook as she cried. The man, Haleem ibn al-Ifrit, fixed his eyes at Kyle, his body taunt, tensed.

Kyle recognized his stance and rose from his throne, returning Haleem's gaze with equal strength. This all could still go wrong. Silence gripped the court as Kyle stared down the Ifrit. He itched to summon his blade, but that would only make Kyle seem weak. He couldn't react out of fear.

Haleem inclined his head, stroking his oiled goatee. You have my thanks, noble Kyle, for returning my wayward wife to me.

I have come to put right the Hidden Realm that the Marid tyranny has caused, Kyle answered. Your wife's abduction was the act of a petty fool.

Nicely put, Britney whispered. Keep on this line. Prove you are the better ruler.

Rashid has clutched to his rule with desperate hands, Kyle continued. He betrays his weakness at every turn. Kidnapping, assassination, scheming behind closed doors. He has sent Unbound to attack my wives and me. His very rule slanders the noble name of the Djinn. He drags the proud Ifrit into his filth. He has forced you and your people to muddy their hands so that his may remain clean.

Haleem stared at him. And you would do better? You are a weak mortal.

I am a warrior, Kyle declared. I wield Earthbones and command the rocks. My lineage can be traced back to great fighters. My own father was a mighty warrior, leading hundreds of men into war.

I see a man hiding behind a wall of women, Haleem sneered. A brash mortal that doesn't know the difference between his sword and his cock.

The concubines went ridged, hissing in fury.

You will have to prove your strength, whispered Britney. He will respect that.

Kyle strode forward. Fatima rose and Aaliyah hissed in their minds, *Sit down before you ruin everything. You will only make our husband seem weak if you go out there. The Ifrit will not respect him if hides behind his women.

Zaritha's a fighter, muttered Fatima. Can't the Ifrit realize the concubines are equally dangerous?

There is a reason I betrayed my people, Zaritha answered through clenched teeth.

The concubines parted as Kyle passed, nodding to him. Show him your strength, Master, Chyna purred. His skin tingled as he passed through the protection spells. Every eye was on him as he strode towards Haleem. Kalila recovered and moved behind her husband, her head bowed.

I am not afraid of you, Kyle declared.

Haleem's scimitar flashed out, slashing at Kyle, forcing the youth to backpedal. Kyle slipped into his fighting stance, reaching out to Earthbones and commanding the katana to appear in his hand. The blade materialized in a flash of gold light.

He parried the second blow, blades scraping as they were locked together. Kyle worked his forms, slashing and swiping at Haleem while the Ifrit countered and parried, then launched into whirling attacks with the scimitar.

It was clear to Kyle that Haleem wasn't trying to kill him. Kyle changed his attacks, matching his opponents testing style. A smile crossed the Sheikh's lips as they dueled, their blades ringing about the throne room as they maneuvered on the polished, brown stone. Kyle grinned back, enjoying the fun of the duel, his heart beating. He felt so alive.

You have talent, Haleem declared, launching into a series of overhand strikes. Your style is foreign, but it is skilled.

Thank you, Kyle inclined his head before responding with a horizontal cut. Who would you rather serve? The Marid that misuses your people, or a warrior that will treat all the Djinn equally.

You married a Jann, Haleem pointed out.

And took a Si'lat and Ifrit for concubines.

Haleem's face soured. Zaritha is the one that betrayed my wife. She was Kalila's trusted handmaiden.

Zaritha has paid for her crimes and saved my wife's life.

She hasn't paid her debt to me! Haleem's voice crackled.

Kyle faced down the fire burning in Haleem's face. She is mine. You will not touch her. Whether I have your allegiance will not change that.

You are loyal. The Ifrit's anger faded, replaced by a ready smile and a nod. You would actually keep her, even if it meant my refusal of this alliance?

Yes. I will defeat the Marid with or without your help. Though I'd rather have your help.

He stepped back, lowering his scimitar. Then you shall have it. The Ifrit are yours, Sultan. You have restored my precious flower to me. You could have compelled me to serve you, but you didn't.

Then I would be like Rashid.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Fatima took another drink of the wine, loving the warm fog that made everything seem so nice at the feast. Her brother had been so handsome and strong as he had dueled Haleem. She couldn't stop thinking about the fight all through the celebratory feast.

He sat nearby, reclined on a few pillows, Christy and Fumi on either side of him, their heads resting on his shoulder. She rose, her silks caressing her skin as she walked, soft and smooth, making her feel so alive.

Hello, big bro, she grinned, falling to her knees before him, her hand reaching out to caress his cock through his white pantaloons.

Are you drunk? Kyle asked.

Maybe, she giggled. And I'm so horny. Her hand pressed into his crotch, stroking him through his pantaloons. Make love to me, big bro. Your wife needs her husband.

He seized her, pulling her into his lap. I can never deny you anything. You're just so cute.

I know, she grinned, batting her eyelashes. I'm just cute and innocent.

Christy snorted with laughter. You are anything but innocent, dear wife. She pushed Fatima's red veil to the side, her own black veil had fallen away a while ago, and their lips met.

Kyle's cock stirred beneath her ass. Fatima shifted, grinding on him, her twitching pussy growing wetter. She moaned into Christy's mouth, thrusting her tongue in deep. Fumi's hand began roaming Fatima's body, cupping her budding breast through her silk and pinching her hard nipple. Fatima liked that, her own reaching out to fondle Fumi's larger tit, pushing down her top to fondle her.

That is hot, groaned Kyle. His hand pulled down her red, silk top, exposing her budding breasts. Fatima didn't care if everyone at the party could see her making love to her husband and wives. Kyle's finger was strong, rolling her nipple, contrasting with Fumi's gentle touch. She loved them both.

Umm, someone's excited, purred Christy, breaking the kiss.

So excited. I just want to love our husband so much, Fatima moaned, humping her pussy. Can you feel my heat?

Yes, Kyle groaned. Fuck, Fatima, but that is nice.

You are all having fun without me, pouted Aaliyah, whirling into being out of dust.

Lie down, Kyle. Let Aaliyah sit on your face, Fatima moaned. I do so love to watch you eat her pussy out.

It's such a delicious pussy, giggled Christy as Kyle stretched out on the tasseled pillows.

Kyle is getting a sweet dessert, Fumi laughed, pulling Aaliyah's yellow pantaloons off, exposing her shaved pussy.

Make our clothes go away, Aaliyah, Fatima purred. Kyle wants us naked.

I wish that, Kyle groaned as he pulled Aaliyah down to his hungry lips. 

Their clothes vanished; Fatima gasped as Kyle's hard cock pressed into her naked pussy. She slid along it, savoring the feel of his shaft rubbing through her slit. Kyle's tongue darted into Aaliyah's pussy, and the Genie arched her back and let out a delicious moan.

How's his tongue? Fatima moaned.

As good as always, purred Aaliyah.

Let me take care of your butthole, Aaliyah, Christy said, sliding around behind Aaliyah and bending down. Fatima couldn't see what she did, but Aaliyah's dark eyes flew open and she let out another moan.

I think she likes it, Christy, laughed Fatima as she kept dry humping her brother's thick cock.

I do! I love to be licked by my spouses. Aaliyah moaned, looking like she experienced heaven. Fatima leaned over and sucked a hard, dusky nipple into her lips. Oh, and that just makes it better. Thank you, Fatima.

Fatima moaned, You're welcome, about the Genie's hard nipple.

You need to stop teasing our husband and fuck him, Fumi admonished, seizing Kyle's cock.
Fatima lifted her hips, Fumi guiding their husband's hard cock to Fatima's dripping pussy. Kyle's dick nudged her opening and Fatima lowered back down. She groaned about Aaliyah's nipple as her pussy burned with ecstatic friction generated by Kyle's big cock.

She worked her hips, grinding her clit into Kyle's pubic bone as her pussy savored the girth of his cock. She loved bouncing on him and sucking on Aaliyah's nipple. Fumi's lips kissed her butt-cheeks as she writhed and bounced atop her. Pleasure soared and grew inside her.

Umm, it smells so good, moaned Fumi. His precum is leaking into your pussy.

Fumi's lips kissed down Fatima's clenching butt-cheeks, pressing down to where Kyle's cock entered her body. Fatima shuddered as her wife's tongue licked at her labia and Kyle's cock, adding a bit more pleasure to the inferno raging inside her.

Oh, yes! gasped Aaliyah. Kyle and Christy! Umm, you know how to please a woman!

Fatima released Aaliyah's nipple, looking the Genie in the eye. Are you going to cum on our husband's mouth?

Oh, yes! His tongue is amazing! He's so deep inside me. They're both loving me.

Then cum, Fatima gasped, bouncing faster.

Aaliyah's mouth opened, her head thrown back. Fatima savored the growing passion on the Genie's face. She shuddered, her round breasts jiggling. Her musk filled Fatima's nose as she came, squirting more of her tasty juices into Kyle's eager mouth.

Cum, slut! moaned Fatima. Give our husband his dessert!

Aaliyah shuddered, letting out a pleasure filled gasp as she looked down at Fatima's crotch and shot her hand down. Fatima shuddered as her Genie wife played with her aching clit. The pleasure joined with the friction of Kyle's cock. Fatima slammed down, quivering as her pleasure swelled.

She came. Oh, fuck, yes!

Her pussy writhed about Kyle's cock. She squirmed, massaging his cock. Stars danced before her eyes. Kyle grunted. Hot cum flooded Fatima's body. She loved it. She savored the heat pulsing into her, mixing inside her.

I need his cum, moaned Fumi, pulling Fatima off Kyle's cock.

Fatima landed beside Kyle, spreading her thighs and letting Fumi lick and suck the cum leaking out of her pussy. His cock is free, Christy, Fatima shuddered as Fumi's delightful tongue worked through her pussy.

Christy crawled around, sinking onto Kyle's still hard cock. Fatima smiled, watching Christy's perky tits bounce as she rode their husband. Aaliyah gasped and shivered, Kyle's tongue still swiping through her pussy.

The wine made her head spin. Pleasure roared through her. She couldn't think. She could only enjoy Fumi's skillful tongue. Kyle's arm wrapped around her, pulling her against his body. She felt so loved and warm. Her orgasm was a soft shudder, spraying juices into Fumi's mouth.

Her body was suffused with bliss. She let the pleasure take her away into wonderful sleep.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Isn't she beautiful, Christy, her pussy impaled on Kyle's softening cock, smiled down at the sleeping Fatima. Her husband's was warm inside her. Kyle had squirted deep inside her pussy. And maybe there's a little egg being fertilized right now.

Aaliyah nodded. I think it's time to retire. Umm, but today was long.

Yeah. And I still need to do research.

The crone's words were important. Six shall be one, the Marid defeated, she whispered as she climbed off Kyle.

What was that? Aaliyah asked, falling off Kyle to collapse on the pillows.

Nothing, Christy shrugged. Can you clean me up and clothe me.

Uh-huh, Aaliyah sighed, pressing against Kyle.

Leaving, murmured Kyle, his lips smeared with Aaliyah's pussy.

I want to do some more research. Christy knelt down and kissed him on the lips. Have fun.

I will, he grinned as Fumi nuzzled at his cock, licking up Christy's pussy juices.

A ring of concubines surrounded the impromptu coupling Fatima had initiated. The rest of the revelers hadn't realized what Kyle was up toAliyah's doing. Three of the concubinesLois, Mindy, and Zarithafell in around Christy, escorting her back to Kyle's quarters.

Mistress, Sable smiled when she walked in. Christy's personal concubine was pouring through the books. I think I found it.

Christy blinked. What?

There is a spell here that requires a noble Djinn. It's a shared essence spell. It can imbue the person with one or all of the powers of the DjinnJann, Ifrit, Si'lat, Marid, and Ghul. The Noble Djinn is the focus of the spell, and she then channels up to five different powers into the target, melding their essences into one.

Six shall be one, Christy nodded. What else does the spell require?

Sable shifted. Well, it requires a huge sacrifice to power the ritual. I'm not even sure it's possible.

What is it? Christy frowned.

The death of a goddess.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kyle ran his arms up Fumi's flank, her hips writhing. Umm, that's wonderful, she moaned, working her pussy around him. Fatima snored beside him, her arm sprawled across his chest, and Aaliyah snagged Teleisia, her Black concubine, and the pair were tribbing with enthusiasm. I love having your cock inside me.

Mistress, one of the twin Si'lat's that Fumi had claimed as her concubines wandered up. A cock was thrusting out from her groin. You made me excited.

I did, Fumi smiled, reaching out to stroke her concubine's cock. A small fraction of Si'lat could grow cocks, and the twins Tarah and Naila both had inherited those extra bits. Fumi pulled her concubine to her, opening wide and engulfing her cock as she rode up and down on Kyle's dick.

Kyle groaned, watching his wife bob her mouth up and down on the cock. He had shared Fumi with Braiden once. At least Tarah was mostly a woman. And Fumi did need her semen. Tarah moaned, savoring Fumi's blowjob, running her dusky hands through Fumi's black hair.

Fumi's pussy tightened on his cock, her hips rising up and down faster. Fumi's fingers penetrated Tarah's pussy as she blew the concubine's dick. Loud, obscene sounds came from his wife's lips as she savored another cock.

Kyle's balls tightened. Fuck, Fumi. I'm going to cum. He didn't get why it was so hot watching his wife suck the concubine's dick, but his cock was ready to unload.

Fumi slammed her pussy down, working her velvety sheath about his cock. She was ready to feel his cum and have him erupt. She was eager for his cum. He shuddered, thrusting up into her. His body tensed as squirt after squirt flooded her cunt.

That's what I needed, Fumi shuddered as her cunt erupted about Kyle's cock. She always came when cum flooded her body. Oh, yes! My husband always gives me what I need.

You are so beautiful when you cum, Mistress, panted Tarah.

Fumi rolled off Kyle, pulling Tarah down. And your cock has a big, creamy load for me, she panted. Tarah squealed in delight as Fumi mounted her, shoving the concubines dick deep into her well-fucked pussy. Fumi's ass flexed as she rode the cock.

What would it be like to double penetrate a woman? Kyle wondered, his eyes fixed on her ass.

Fuck her ass and find out! moaned Aaliyah.

Have you been reading my mind again? Kyle grinned.

Always! Aaliyah shuddered, her back arching, grinding her pussy tight against Teleisia's cunt. Fuck her! Experience that pleasure.

Yes, fuck my ass, moaned Fumi, reaching behind her to spread her butt-cheeks open. I'm a nasty slut that needs your big cock.

Kyle licked his lips, moving behind her. He rubbed the tip of his cock against her puckered opening, pressing forward. Fumi rose up, her bowels engulfing him. He slid in easily, burying all the way into her ass while she humped and bucked between him. She was so tight, far tighter than usual. The two cocks in her were filling her up.

Oh, yes! I love it! Thank you, Kyle! She worked her hips, bucking between them, delighting in the two cocks filling her up. I need more. Naila. Come here.

The other twin appeared, materializing out of a fierce wind, her cock hard and dripping precum. Fumi pulled her in and swallowed her cock, bobbing up and down on her girth. Kyle pumped away, matching her rhythm, enjoying the depravity of it all. Fumi was happy, reveling in three cocks, and Kyle was glad to share this joy with his cock-hungry wife.

Fuck her hard, Aaliyah moaned, kneeling behind Naila. 

Naila gasped as Aaliyah spread her butt-cheeks apart and began tonguing the hermaphroditic Si'lat's asshole. Naila's hands squeezed her small breasts, rolling her nipples as the young Si'lat moaned in bliss. Suck my cock, mistress. I love you!

Kyle pumped harder. Fumi's tight ass massaged his dick. He had one more cum in him tonight. He wanted to give Fumi as much pleasure as she could handle. Fumi moaned about Naila's cock, working her hips as if she was possessed.

You all need to cum in her at the same time, purred Aaliyah. Give Fumi what she wants. All your delicious cum.

Fumi moaned her agreement, her ass squeezing down on Kyle's pumping cock.

Then you're going to get it. My wife is a cock-loving, cum-guzzling whore! He slammed into her, his balls slapping into her taint. He didn't fight his growing need, his cock itching to unload into her.

I'm going to cum, Mistress! gasped Tarah. Your wonderful pussy feels so good on my cock! Oh, yes!

Kyle slammed into her, driving Fumi all the way down on Tarah's cock. His dick buried all the way into the depths of her hot bowels. A shudder wracked his body. His cum erupted. Thick blasts firing into her hungry bowels.

I'm cumming! screamed Naila, pumping her cum into his wife's mouth.

Fumi's body writhed about him. Her cum sent spasms through her body. Tarah groaned, gasping out her bliss as she gave Fumi's pussy what she wanted. Kyle grunted as her ass drank every drop of cum out of his balls.

Yes! Fumi shuddered, collapsing on Tarah. So amazing. Cum in all three holes! I never dreamed it would be so amazing! She threw a look over her shoulder. Thank you, Kyle.

Kyle nodded, pulling out of her.

She tried to stand up, but her leg buckled. Oh, wow. I came so hard.

Kyle scooped her up in his arm, holding her lithe body. Let's get you to bed, he grinned. You look thoroughly fucked.

I feel like it, she smiled, her all-white eyes closing. Umm, that was the best.

My Sultan! a voice called out. Kyle froze, turning to see the white-bearded vizier waving at him from beyond the concubines. An emissary from Rashid has arrived. He desires a private audience with you.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can't mean to go in there alone, whispered Aaliyah, pressing against Kyle. It's [Hes] a Marid.

I won't go alone. Britney will be with me, Kyle said. 

Aaliyah bit her lip, fear churning inside her. He can't be trusted.

I know.

Her husband was so resolute and strong, as unyielding as a mountain. Please, Kyle, take in your concubines.

Britney is my adviser and two of your homunculi will be in there to protect me if it is a trap.

And I am more than capable of defending your husband, Britney added.

Aaliyah turned to Fatima. Talk some sense into your brother.

He's doing what he has to, Fatima shrugged. Kyle's a big boy. He can pull his pants on all by himself.

Thanks, Fatima, Kyle groaned. Always supportive.

Fatima beamed, bouncing on her heals.

The girl never can take anything serious. Aaliyah loved her wife, but Fatima's flippancy grated on the Djinn's nerves. Fumi, you have to disagree with this.

It does seem risky, Fumi admitted. But our husband is very capable. Fumi put a gentle arm around her shoulder and kissed her cheek. But if he thinks it is the right choice, then we should trust him.

You cannot trust whatever he says. Rashid is duplicitous, she pleaded. Just send the messenger away.

That would be an error, Britney said. Rashid is intelligent. He may realize his position is untenable and seek a diplomatic end to things.

He won't, Aaliyah objected. He won't ever let the Sultanate out of his hands without a fight.

Probably, Kyle agreed. But we may learn something from speaking to him.

We? giggled Fatima. Don't you mean Britney might learn something?

Kyle shook his head, and then placed his hand on Aaliyah's cheek, his touch warm as he brushed away a tear. I have made my decision. Hopefully, this will not take long.

Kyle strode into the war room where the Marid waited, Britney at his heels. The Sapphire doors boomed closed, and Aaliyah couldn't sense her husband's thoughts any longer. She wanted to collapse as the fear ate away at her, but she remained strong.

What's going on? Christy asked, striding up, clutching a spell book. The concubines said something about a Marid emissary.

Kyle and Britney are meeting with him, Fumi said.

Christy swept her eyes around the room. Alone? Why aren't any of the concubines in there?

The emissary will only speak to Kyle alone. He had to be convinced to allow Britney in there to act as our husband's Vizier, Aaliyah answered, her mouth tight.

Christy frowned, and then sat cross-legged on the floor, the book in her lap. Aaliyah sensed her thoughts. They were confused and jumbled, worried over a Goddess's death and puzzling how to accomplish that to work a spell.

What spell does Christy need to work that requires a goddess's death?

What do you think the emissary is saying? Fumi asked.

Words? Fatima shrugged. What else.

You are no help, Fumi groaned. How our husband put up with you while growing up, I'll never understand.

Because he was secretly in love with me, Fatima declared, shaking her rear clad in red pantaloons. How could he not love this ass?

Britney emerged through the doors and Aaliyah stared at her, clutching her hands to her breast. Christy. Kyle wants you.

Only Christy? Aaliyah asked.

Britney nodded, her face tight. 

Okay, Christy said, standing up and slipping into the room. Britney closed the sapphire door behind her. Aaliyah wished she could read thoughts through the door or communicate with her husband, but the blue gemstone blocked all Djinn telepathy and scrying.

What did he say? Fumi asked.

Britney didn't answer, her bushy, brown hair almost standing up on end. Aaliyah pushed out her thoughts, touching the Rakshasa. ...idiot cannot believe Kyle is considering the proposal it is obviously a trap idiot stupid moron the Marid cannot be The Rakshasa's thoughts went silent and Britney fixed her green eyes on Aaliyah.

Stay out of my mind, Djinn.

I...sorry, Aaliyah murmured. I'm just worried.

You should be, Britney muttered under her breath.

Aaliyah's heart thundered in her chest. She stared at the door, her body trembling, imagining what terrible words the emissary must have imparted to worry Britney. She trembled, clinging to Fumi as the minutes dragged by. Her insides twisted over and over, growing tighter until she was sure they would rupture from the strain.

What is going on? Fatima burst out. Tell us, Britney.

Kyle commanded my silence, the Rakshasa answered.

From us? We're his wives! Fatima crossed over to Britney, staring with [a] fierce fire into Britney's eyes. You serve our husband. Tell us now or I'll claw it out of you!

Her words hung on the air.

The sapphire door opened and the Marid emissary, a young man, his dusky cheeks pale with fear, a tremble shivering through his body. Kyle has accepted the gracious Sultan of the Hidden People's terms.

Britney groaned, That idiot.

What does that mean? Fatima demanded. Kyle! Get out here and explain right away.

He has gone to Sahabah to surrender to my gracious master, the emissary continued. He shall be held with all comfort to ensure your support of Rashid ibn al-Marid's continued rule as Sultan. So long as you do not raise rebellion against the Sultan's gracious rule, he will not be harmed.

Seize this asshole! Fatima spat as she strode into the war room. Kyle, what is this

Aaliyah peered into the war room. Kyle and Christy were gone.

To be continued...