The end?

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle, Chapter 34 (MF, Mf, 1st, inc, oral, preg)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

JJ lived with Joanne in her dorm room until he could tell that she was starting to lose interest. By that time, he had already received offers from other women he met around the coed dorm's common area, so he gave Joanne a kiss goodbye and moved on to his next "sponsor".

Joanne had completely forgotten to go get a 'morning after' pill. JJ's sperm overtook their quarry and overwhelmed her egg, one lucky gamete penetrating it and creating new life when the resulting zygote implanted into the lining of her womb.

---

John woke up. It was dark, and someone was sucking his cock! "Ohh...hello?"

"Mmf! Hi, Daddy!" Then his hard member was sucked back into the girl's warm, wet mouth.

John tried to reach for the side table lamp, but his damaged gut told him, in no uncertain terms, how terrible an idea that was. "Umm...is that Faith or Charity?"

"We're both here, Daddy," said a similar voice from the other side of the bed, "but that's Charity sucking your weiner. I told her how good it feels when we taste your stuff, though it only happens sometimes? I'm pretty sure it'll feel good for Charity right now."

"Oh," John commented, strangely unconcerned that his daughter was sucking his cock. In fact, he was extremely turned on. When he had met his 16-year-old twin girls for the first time the day before, despite them being identical, Charity had seemed different to him, prettier and, God help him, sexier. He gave an unconscious sniff and lay back, enjoying her amateurish fellating technique. After a few minutes, though, he felt his cum rising. "Ahh, Charity, I'm gonna shoot..."

"Mm hm!" the teen girl hummed into his cock, which set him off.

"Aughh!" John tried not to arch his back and flex his stomach muscles as he blew his load into his hot daughter's mouth.

"MM! MMM!" he heard Charity moaning in orgasm as his cum did its thing on her fertile body.

"Remember, keep your mouth on him, Charity!" Faith advised her sister. "You can't let his seed spill!"

"MMmmm..." Charity moaned as she continued to swallow. Finally, his orgasm subsided and he felt her mouth slip off of him. Then he heard her butt hit the floor. "Ohhh..."

---

One morning, John woke to feel his cock slipping into what he thought was Charity's mouth, but then he heard her cry out. His eyes flew open and he saw that she was naked and squatting on his cock in the reverse cowgirl position, the red liquidity of her lost cherry dripping down his hard shaft.

"Oh shit! Charity!"

"Language, Daddy!" Faith said from beside him. "Have you taken a girl's virginity before? What should she do now?"

"It hurts!" Charity cried, afraid to move.

John admired the teen girl's bare bum. He should stop this, he thought, but then he sniffled and gave his head a shake. This was too hot to stop, he realized. "Umm...don't move, Charity...you'll get used to it."

Within a few minutes, she started to press down harder upon John's cock, which hadn't flagged. Aided by the blood of her deflowering and her copious sex juices, she was soon able to take all of him inside her. "I did it!"

"Good!" he told her. "Now, when you're ready, lift up a bit and then push back down."

She did so, hissing in discomfort. As she sniffled, she could feel her body relaxing, which helped. Soon she was pulling almost all the way off of his cock, and then taking it as deep as possible. She grunted in pleasure.

What am I doing? John admonished himself. My daughter just took her own virginity on my cock, and if I'm not careful I'm going to knock her up!

He was about to tell Charity to get off, but then Faith brought her mouth to his ear. "Daddy, I can tell that her body needs your stuff. Please give it to her...it'll feel sooo good..." Then she pushed her tongue into his ear.

"Fuuuck!" John yelled as a sudden orgasm erupted from his loins and he hosed Charity's no-longer-virginal insides with his incestuous cum.

Upon feeling her father's seed permeate her fertile reproductive system, Charity felt her own orgasm explode from there. "Unhh! O-hhh!" She leaned forward, that angle lining up her father's erupting cock with her spasming cervix. Spurt after spurt battered at the entrance to her womb as it opened and closed, several drops slipping through into her most forbidden depths.

"Good Daddy..." Faith whispered into his ear, and then she nibbled his earlobe, causing another small spurt of his cum to drip into her sister's unprotected pussy. Charity moaned again and shook in an afterorgasm.

---

John tried to get out of bed, but his legs seemed to have little strength; he was bedridden. He could still feel everything below his waist, however, so he wasn't paralyzed. It should be only temporary, Allison said, but it made him easy prey for his daughters. Charity fucked him to orgasm several times over the next few days, and then suddenly his daughters seemed to have little interest in him, other than to ask him questions about the outside world.

"Doesn't your mother let you go out?" he asked them.

They looked at each other and back to him. "Nope."

He asked about that when Allison came to change his bandage.

She sat down next to him on the bed. "Oh, John, the good Lord has seen fit to make our girls special. So innocent, and yet once they came of age, they turned men's heads something fierce! And they have trouble controlling themselves...after Faith was caught with her mouth on her teacher's penis, I started to homeschool them. I can't let them out by themselves anymore, or they'll get assaulted. I'm surprised they're still virgins, honestly."

John grinned sheepishly at her, feeling guilty.

"Sniff! Um, John, all this talk about sex has had an effect on me. Do you need me to help you like I used to?" The voluptuous blonde woman started to unfasten the top buttons of her dress, showing off her larger breasts.

Soon, Allison was naked and riding his cock in the reverse cowgirl position, so as to not reopen his gut wound. "It's been sooo long, John..."

It definitely had been! The woman was tight like a virgin again, and soon enough he was cumming inside her fertile body, as he had done 17 years before. She shook in orgasm. "All...in me...in meee..." she moaned.

---

Allison made love with him for several days before she also lost interest, but then he woke up one night to find that Faith had busted her cherry on his cock as well. Her deflowering was almost exactly what had happened with her sister, along with Charity whispering sexy things in his ear until he filled up Faith's unprotected pussy with his dangerous sperm.

That likewise continued for several days, and by the end of Faith's fertile time, she was able to face him in a proper cowgirl position without hurting his stomach. He definitely enjoyed watching the girl's A-cup breasts jiggle as she rode him to their mutual orgasm.

When Faith's fertile time was over, she brought her redheaded neighbor friend Ches over. Somehow, these four women's bodies had managed to space out their periods so that one of them was fertile for most of every week of the month. He was a happy man.

At least until they started getting pregnant...

---

After a month swapping partners at the university, JJ packed up a University of Toronto backpack and hit the road. If there was anything that he was going to take from his bio-dad's advice, it was to never stick around for too long.

He spun around in a circle, his eyes closed, and stopped. When he opened them, he felt the rising sun on his back. West it is, he told himself as he headed along the road, his thumb leading the way.

---

Epilogue:

JJ's stepfather Aaron made a full recovery after some additional time in the hospital.

A number of months later, there was a rush of births in JJ's hometown.

Lina was first, and Marti and her family welcomed its newest member.

Brooklyn had an abortion and never spoke to Marti again.

Freya, one of the two hottest seniors at JJ's school, gave birth to her baby shortly after Lina.

Jacinda, the other hottest senior, did not get knocked up, but her mother's pregnancy was a surprise for their entire family. The woman gave birth to a suspiciously light-skinned baby a couple days after Freya.

Zara, the woman from the mall, gave birth a couple days after that. She had found love with a man who appreciated her pregnant body, and she knew that this would be the first of many babies.

Sally, JJ's former tormentor, cursed his name and screamed as their 10 pound baby crowned a few weeks after that.

Mrs. Carmichael, JJ's teacher, went on maternity leave around that time, with her unexpected "bun in the oven".

Up in Canada, Margeau and Joanne gave birth to their own babies a week apart.

---

Former agent Carmen Sandoval, clad in her orange jumpsuit, lay on her bunk and waited. Hearing the buzz of the door, she got to her feet, faced away from it, and placed her hands behind her, as per prison protocol. The door opened and closed with a clang.

"Okay, Sandoval, I'm here."

Carmen turned to regard the man. "Hey, Dimarco, how've you been?"

"Fine, Carmen, no treason charges on me...you?"

She sat on the bed. "Tell them I want to make a deal. Casanova's son inherited his ability, so it stands to reason..." she caressed her protruding midsection, "...that I have all we need right here."

The end?

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)