Title: Taking Care Of The Boys - Chapter 6
Author: Tony Tiger <tonytigerxxx@yahoo.com>
Summary: ???Summer vacation, new babies arrive, visiting family, off to college, grandpa visits (sharing, incest, watersports)
*****************************************************************

One day when Judi and her mother Sally were driving somewhere and talking about personal things, Sally asked, "How often do you and Dad make love?" Her mom was quite surprised so responded, "What made you ask that?" "My room is right next to yours and I never hear you doing it. Don't be shy with me, you have probably figured out that I was fucking Bill and now Nate. I am far from innocent or naive about sex." Mom's jaw dropped a bit at the directness of her daughter. "Ummm...a couple of times a week at most. We are pretty quiet when you are home." "Let's go someplace where we can talk. I don't want to distract your driving." They were almost home so resumed their conversation in the family room. "Let's have some wine," Judi suggested. Mom didn't argue about her age and just poured big glasses. Judi continued, "Mom, I love you and don't want to keep things from you any longer. I haven't been open with you about my sex life. Since meeting and dating Bill I have grown up a lot for my age. You have noticed that. And you know how much time I spend with Bill's family and Rita's family and now Nate's. Because of them I have learned to be very open with my sexuality. They are in love with their spouses or other special partners but also enjoy sharing sex with other trusted people. When I took Nate as my boyfriend I didn't stop liking or having sex with Bill. On that college visit we all loved and slept together." Her mom almost dropped her wine glass. "Mom, did you fuck any other guys before you met dad?" "Yes, there were a few." "Were you fucking anyone when you met and started dating Dad?" "Yes, there was one guy." "How long did you do both of them before you decided on Dad?" "A while." "OK then you know how much fun it is to enjoy more than one lover. The difference is that my main man knows and accepts my other sex, and I his." Mom looked very thoughtful for a minute. "So how many men is my little girl screwing?" "Mostly Nate but six others occasionally." "WHAT!" "Mom! I'm not a whore...I have to like and trust a man before I'll spread my legs for him. They are not anonymous fucks...far from it...just like your boyfriends. I'd like you to talk with Anna and Myra. They also share their partners with the other women including me. Get the viewpoint of women your age in relationships before you judge me." Her mom came over and put her arms around Judi. "I'm not judging you at all...it is just a lot to absorb all at once. I certainly enjoy sex but our marriage isn't very exciting at this point. I love your dad completely but he has very little imagination in spite of my efforts to spice up our sex life. You have confided in me so I will do the same for you. About a year ago I was so desperate for some sexual excitement I had an affair with a younger guy I knew. It was disappointing since he turned out to be a selfish clod so I broke it off. What you are describing sounds damn interesting to me. I'll go talk to your friends. I'll get us some more wine and tell me more!" As Judi told about her summer vacation she noticed her mom squirming on the couch. "Mom, I told you that we are always naked at the other houses. Let's start by doing that here. Take your clothes off. I've hardly ever seen your body." They stripped and the resemblence was strong...slender fair skinned blonds with small but firm tits and light blond crotch fur. "That's better," Judi said, "Now jill yourself because I'm going to do it too." Mom got a wine refill and took a big gulp first then sat back to shyly let her daughter watch something even her husband had never seen. The conversation continued, punctuated by groans of pleasure. Sally asked, "And the Africa trip?" "That was VERY interesting! I fucked Thomas for the first time then Leti's youngest brother Eddie every day. I also did his older brother a couple of times and her uncle once. They were very good black gentlemen." "OH MY GOD!" Mom exclaimed during a big climax while imagining big black cocks in her white daughter. They were both very tipsy and aroused by now so Judi sat next to her mom, put her mom's hand on her clit and reached for mom's. She really wanted to tongue the pussy she was born from but that was pushing it too fast. They kissed and diddled each other until they both climaxed again. Sally got shy after the tension was relieved but Judi held her chin, looked her straight in the eye, and said, "I love you VERY much and loved pleasuring you. It is good." Mom smiled and nodded.

A few days later Sally was at Myra's place with Anna and Judi. She heard first hand how the open sharing had reinvigorated the older womens' sex lives, first by building their own self esteem by being enthusiastically banged by several guys of all ages but more importantly by having their partners always see them as desired and desirable females. Anna explained her housemistressing experience and how her husband was almost always hot for her well fucked pussy. She had read about "sperm competition" where the main male wanted to make sure his was in there with the others. For whatever reason, she loved it. Sally had some questions then sighed and said her husband Fred would never consider such an arrangement...he was just too old school. Anna laughingly said, "I should seduce him then you'd have some leverage!" "I'd be thrilled if you could. In the meantime, what can I do?" Anna replied, "You are welcome to my husband anytime. Since you both work part time that ought to be easy to arrange. I get a lot more cock than he gets pussy so it would be good for him too. Here is his phone number. Judi and I will figure out how to get your husband into my pants."

Two days later Judi got home and her mother had an obvious post-coital glow. As they hugged, Mom said "It was wonderful...he is SO good!" "I know..." "Oh yeah, I forgot you did him on vacation...it seems a bit kinky that I've just had a cock that has been in my own daughter." "Mom, Anna and I have a plan. You are to avoid sex with dad for the next week. Then you will arrange for him to go to Anna's to fix her computer. She will make him an offer he can't refuse and report back to us afterwards. You can fuck Richard while dad is with Anna then insist he do you that night. I'll pretend to be gone but I want to hear what happens. Then we can plan the next step." The seduction worked and Judi's dad came home feeling so guilty he couldn't refuse Sally's advances. She noticed that he was actually more amorous than usual and commented on it. He explained that she was slicker than he remembered and she smiled with the wickedness of it as he pumped the second cum load of the day into her. Judi loved hearing it all through the open doors!

A few days later Anna called Fred about some more computer problems. He was feeling guilty and tried to beg off so Anna threatened to tell Judi if he didn't show up. What is a guy to do if an attractive woman wants you between her legs? This time they had just finished fucking when Judi entered the bedroom and feigned shock and surprise. "Well look what is going on here. I know some people who need to know about this situation." As Anna pretended to be embarrassed and Fred really was, Judi made two quick calls to Richard and Sally who were waiting nearby. In just a few minutes they were standing looking at the naked lovers. Sally said, "Fred, I'm glad to know about this...I don't get mad, I get even!" and began stripping with Richard following suit. Judi tried not to smile as the two newcomers on the scene got naked in bed with the illicit lovers and began screwing. Anna grabbed Fred's rehardened dick and stuffed it in her pussy again. He was so distracted watching his wife of many years getting pounded he almost forgot he was inside Anna. She got his attention back and he came inside her as his wife got filled with her lover's cum. When he regained consciousness he discovered a naked daughter on the other side of him from Anna. Judi was gently stroking his soft and semen covered cock which started to refill when he realized what was happening. "Dad, it's time to change your life. You and mom both need to recharge your marriage and this is one way to do it. Now go fuck your wife who is sexier than ever with another man's sperm inside her. See what that feels like..." They left the spouses alone to rediscover each other. Judi got a good fuck from Richard to settle her passion after the torrid scene.

It was a good start for Judi's parents to swap with Anna and Richard. Sally was obviously more experimental so Judy offered Nate but her mom couldn't handle the age difference or the relationship issue. Myra was ok with Rob helping out so mother and daughter went to see father and son when Myra was working. They all enjoyed the first get together in the same bed. Judi noticed that her mom could really get going with a good partner like Rob. She arranged a surprise the next time the four were screwing. When things were going hot and heavy she called out "Switch" and the guys swapped partners. Sally was too worked up to object when Nate slid into her eager cunt. After he filled her clenching cunt with his copious semen as they climaxed, she half heartedly chewed out her daughter who replied, "Did you enjoy my boyfriend?" Sally had to admit she did and never resisted fucking him again. She recognized her age bias and had a great reason to work through it.
 
Anna gradually introduced Fred to the other women in The Group and, when he realized that Sally was ok with it, learned to enjoy sex with them as well. He never realized how far ahead of him his wife was but it didn't really matter because their marriage was better than ever. They were both horny for each other all the time. Judi usually heard good sex sounds through the wall now when she was there with Nate or another partner.

Now that their real sexuality was out in the open, Sally and Fred began talking about the sexual histories which had always been avoided. They began asking questions while they were joined at the crotch. Fred had only had two lovers before Sally. One in high school, which didn't last long, and one in college which went on for two years until he met his wife to be. The cute and outgoing Sally had been a lot more active. Three in high school and a couple each year of college. And yes, some of the relationships in college overlapped. Fred had to ask, "So were you fucking anyone while we were dating?" "Yes, do you remember the big blond guy I introduced you to at our wedding?" "When did you stop screwing him?" Sally held him close and whispered, "A month before our wedding!" Fred gasped and pumped a big load of cum into his sluttish wife. They had been going together for a year and were engaged for six months of that. Fred realized that old saying about glass houses so he said, "That was brave of you to tell me. I did screw my old girlfriend three times during our engagement when you were away so I can't criticize." The subject was left alone for a couple of weeks as the couple absorbed the changed sexual image of their spouse. One night as he was enjoying silky seconds from her earlier visit to Richard he asked, "Is there anything else I should know about this good pussy I'm fucking?" Sally paused, but having learned that honesty was the best policy, replied somewhat coquettishly, "Well, not from before we were married..." "Oh?" She clamped her pussy on his cock and continued, "About a year ago I was desperate for some excitement and fucked a guy twice. But he was such a jerk I wouldn't see him again. And you?" "One of your older lady friends, Martha, has been making suggestions." Sally said, "I'm not surprised. She is widowed and lonely. I've seen the way she looks at you. If you are attracted to her then go make her feel good...just tell me all about it!"

One day when the six women were having "happy hour" together (Judi was OK'd to drink at home), Leti said she had something to ask them. She reminded them about her grandfather Geoff with the big black cock and said he would be interested in visiting the US for the first time. He had never travelled outside of his own country. She wanted to offer him some "hot white pussy" if he visited and did she have any volunteers? She assured them that he was careful with the large tool and lasted a long time. She didn't know how often he could get it up but she knew from experience that any man, even when just fucked, would recover quickly when presented with fresh eager pussy. They had seen picures of him and knew he was trim, big, good looking, and very black. All of them nodded except Sally and Judi. Sally knew that her husband wasn't ready for that experience and she wasn't sure she was either. Judi was concerned because of her small size. Leti laughingly suggested that she fuck Rob just before grandpa so she would be streched and wet. They all laughed at that practical and fun suggestion.

All the arrangements were made and the travel tired man was met by Leti at the airport. She had Anna watch the kids so she could nap naked with him while he got over the jet lag. She had explained that they would be nude around the house so the scenery would be great. He was self confident enough to not be shy when she took him to the big family room where Thomas and Anna were waiting with the youngsters. He knew Thomas from the visit but Anna was the first naked white woman he had ever seen. His swinging tool began to fill so Anna got up and gave him a big full body hug, pressing her substantial tits against him. That brought the black rod firmly up between her legs. She backed away, bent down, and gave it a wet kiss. It was so big it never stood straight up, just out. Leti said, "Looks like you are enjoying your welcome. I think Anna would like to get to know you better. Are you ready?" He took her hand and led her to the room where he had napped. Happy sounds were heard for the next hour and and then the sound of a shower. Geoff gave Anna a gentlemanly bow complete with hand kiss when he brought her back to the others saying, in his British accent, "Thank you for a wonderful time. I hope we can repeat it soon." Anna left to get her husband for the welcoming reception later that evening. Leti didn't doubt that her husband would get some hot seconds before they returned. 

She busied with dinner preparations. It was going to be a potluck with lots of helpers. The two men enjoyed a drink and looked after the youngsters while they got acquainted. Thomas kept glancing at the older man's substantial organ, even when soft, and figured Leti would have him watch her get plowed by it later that night. The house soon filled up with naked people who made the visitor the center of attention. Three of the other women all made it a point to look him in the eye and say how eager they were to get to know him better.  In spite of Anna's ministrations earlier, seeing the sexy naked women sent blood to his pecker. The men were a bit envious as they viewed the massive meat that would stretch and pleasure their partners. Sally and her husband were at a their first nude group gathering so were a bit self conscious but that soon faded. They were curious enough to want to watch the highly erotic scene though. Neither had ever seen so many of the opposite sex without clothes before so were quite motivated to fuck and fantasize when they got home. Sally was quite vocal about Geoff while Fred thought Leti was pretty hot.

After dinner while Geoff was answering questions and telling stories about home and about his granddaughter (she even blushed at some of them), Leti arranged a schedule for one of the women to take Geoff sightseeing each day which she knew would include a visit to their bedroom. They arranged to have their main partner watch the action either in the same room or by leaving the door ajar. When it was Judi's day she followed Leti's advice and had Geoff watch Rob bang her before taking on the big black cock. Geoff had lots of practice with smaller pussies so eased into her slippery cunt a little further with each short stroke until he had gently stretched her for full penetration. Rob and Nate watched avidly as the big dark rod slipped deeper and deeper between the pink pussy lips and the big black balls slapped against Judi's ass. They were amazed to see the big dark cock slide into such a small blond girl. She moaned with pleasure on each in and out. When he reached bottom he began a faster pace with long strokes and she twitched a little each time the big cock head pushed on and slid over her cervix. After she had noisily climaxed three times, Geoff pushed deep and fired his cum to mix with whatever of Rob's remained. Nate entered her right away for thirds as she feebly clutched him. The visual and aural stimulation had him right at the trigger point so it took only a few strokes in her open and silky snatch to blow his load in with the others. Rob was totally turned on again but the young woman was so exhausted that she fell sound asleep. Rob had already watched Myra being laid so went to find her and relive the experience. Nate took Geoff back to Leti's house then came back to nap with his fucked out girlfriend. An hour and a half later they woke up and Judi hugged him as she said, "Wow! That was amazing." They went to the bathroom together and he watched lots of cum drain out of her as she emptied her bladder. He pissed on her pussy to rinse off the cum as she sat there then they showered together. Going back to bed Judi wondered if her cunt was still stretched so asked Nate to put his cock in. It didn't seem any looser than other times she had been recently fucked so they enjoyed a loving leisurely screw before dinner. 

Fred heard enough about Geoffs black cock that he finally decided Sally shouldn't miss the rare opportunity to experience it since her friends, and even their daughter, all had. He watched, both worried and excited as his wife was filled by the oversized black pecker. It was amazing how her cunt stretched around the long and thick ebony rod. He was glad the the older man would be going far away as he saw how fully and expertly his wife was being screwed. Sally was moaning and squealing almost continuously and shook with several orgasms. Judi was sitting next to her dad and reached over to stroke his erection in time with Geoff's penetrations. Fred's cock erupted white juice on his daughter's hand twice before the old man's began oozing out of Sally's stretched vagina. Judi was very turned on by the whole scene. Her fingers were coated with her father's semen and she rubbed it on all parts of her pussy. It was as close to incest as she was willing to get. She wanted to lick his cock clean but held back. Fred was shocked by Judi's fondling but stimulated as well. They let Sally sleep as Judi took Geoff back to Leti's house. Fred was pretty quiet at dinner but Sally and Judi were in great spirits. Their daughter piped up with, "Dad, Mom has had an old black cock so now you need young black pussy. I know Leti will give you some if you ask. This time Mom and I get to watch YOUR brains being fucked out!" He acted embarassed but his cock got hard again. Sally gave him a good reassuring ride that night and stated that Geoff was a "been there, done that" experience that didn't need repeating.  

Leti knew that if Geoff had any energy left she would enjoy his big dick every night since he was sleeping with her and Thomas. If not at night then in the morning. Thomas would even hold the big rod and aim it at her fuck hole. Since she was stretched right after Geoff fucked her she would often give Thomas a good screw in the late afternoon but watching her get laid made him sometimes want seconds even if she was a bit looser. By the time he left he had fucked most of the white women twice and Leti many times. They all bid him a fond farewell with everyone having some very pleasant memories. Leti's mother emailed that her father had arrived home safely and happy. After hearing his stories, she wanted to visit! Even though Leti knew how much her mom had enjoyed fucking Thomas and had several regular studs, it wasn't easy to think of her screwing all the cocks that she herself did. It was her MOM after all! But maybe at the next beach house summer vacation? And would Fred and Sally be open minded enough by then to join in the fun?
Only time would tell...