TALES FROM A COUNTRY ESTATE

By Dickins

Chapter 9, Cruel Entertainments

A dark and sadistic tale set in England.

As the women escorted Amy to the infirmary a cool breeze circulated
along the thickly walled corridors that ran under the orphanage.  To Daisy
this was quite normal, to Amy it was of no consequence, but to Jane it
meant that she was no longer quite so flushed.

"Stop dawdling!" Miss Hemming's barked, taking a firm hold of Amy's arm.

"Perhaps we should make her lead the way," Miss Jenkins suggested.

"Yes!  That is good idea," Miss Hemming's said, pushing the little tart
to the front and then lifting up the hem of her uniform at the back to
smack her already sore bottom and thighs hard.

"Please Miss!  I am sorry," Amy whimpered.

With the little tart leading the way they made better progress and were
soon arrived at the infirmary.

"Wait here!  I am sorry but Mrs Turner only allows staff and their
chargers to enter the infirmary," Daisy explained, ushering Amy in through
the door.

Jane was able to hear, albeit faintly, as Daisy explained to Nurse Jones
just what treatment she required for the little tart.  She also knew that
there would be an opportunity to watch her being treated later so she was
not unduly disappointed.

"Tell me!  Why are visitors not allowed into the infirmary?" Jane asked
as Daisy returned.

"Well!  It is part of Hillcroft's philosophy to keep our charges apart
from visitors and benefactors unless they are entertaining them.  By
keeping them apart it also ensures that the reactions to their abuse are as
realistic as possible because they do not have anyone other than their
mistresses to try and impress," Daisy explained.

"Realistic!" Jane said.

"Yes!  It has been found that they will scream and writhe much more
readily when being abused by their mistresses than when entertaining
visitors and benefactors.  This is because they have not got to remain
quite so stoic in order to impress them," Daisy explained.

"I see!" Jane replied.

"Now!  We better get going if we want to watch `The Parade' and find out
which poor little darling her Ladyship chooses to entertain her," Daisy
said.

"Tell me!  Will there be anyone else watching with us?" Jane asked.

"Oh no!  Mrs Turner's office is private and where she likes to entertain
her visitors and benefactors.  However, she is aware that there are
spyholes and grilles in the adjoining room wall but insists that they are
only used with her permission and on special occasions such as this one,"
Daisy explained.

"She knows that we will be watching then?" Jane asked.

"Oh yes!  But it is important to remember that Lady Ambrose and her
friend do not know that we will be watching, but because Mrs Turner knows
she will no doubt be encouraging them to act out their passions to the
full," Daisy replied.

After walking along several gas lit corridors they stopped at a door
that to Jane looked much like a storeroom.  Entering quietly Daisy shut the
door and took hold of Jane's arm to guide her as there was little in the
way of any light other than from a small open window.

"Tell me!  Why is it so dark in here?" Jane asked.

"Well!  It is important that the light in this room is kept to a minimum
so that the spyholes and grilles are not visible to anyone in the office.
The last thing that Mrs Turner wants is for her visitors to know that they
are being watched," Daisy explained.

Once Jane's eyes had adjusted to the lack of light in the room she was
able to see that the spyholes and grilles were ideally positioned at eye
height when sitting down to watch and listen to the clandestine activities
on the other side of the brick wall.

Women's voices could be heard in the office discussing `The Parade'
which quickly quelled any concerns that they were too late.

There was a sharp contrast between the darkness of the room they were in
and the brightness of the office.  Two armless chairs had been placed on a
raised platform one in front of each spyhole.  Daisy helped Jane up onto
the platform and then sat down pressing her eye up against one of the
spyholes.  Jane quickly followed but needed to adjust her rubber cock as
she sat down to make herself comfortable.

"Good!  We are not too late," Daisy exclaimed.

As Jane looked around Mrs Turner's office she was amazed at just how
large it was and because it had a large bay window and a gaslight attached
to the ceiling it was decidedly well lit.  There was a desk and a chair
over by the window and on the mantelpiece above the fireplace there were
several small ornaments and an ornate clock.  Above them was a large mirror
that hung in such a way that it was angled downwards.

On the other side of the fireplace was a bookcase full of medical books
and journals and a clothes stand.  Along the adjoining wall under the
spyholes, although it was difficult to see because of the angle, there was
an armless chair, a comfortable chair that had been positioned opposite the
middle of the platform and in the corner a small occasional table and a
larger table laid out with refreshments and various covered objects.

A platform had been placed in the middle of the office that was wide
enough and high enough to ensure that those girls paraded on it were in
full view of their audience and at the same level as the spyholes.  Also
due to the angle of the mirror anyone watching through the spyholes would
have a view of their fronts and backs at the same time.

As she listened to their conversation Jane was also able to get a
glimpse of the women as they came into view.

Mrs Turner was much the same as she had imagined and in the way she
spoke and acted very much the hostess making sure that her guests came
first and that they were well catered for.  Nothing seemed to be too much
trouble for the woman as she offered her quests refreshments and when they
were ready to start she helped Lady Ambrose to sit in the comfortable chair
opposite the middle of the platform.  It was also customary when was
entertaining her visitors and benefactors in the privacy of her office that
she would insist that they seek their own pleasures from the occasion which
usually took the form of wearing a rubber cock or some other masturbatory
devise.

Lady Ambrose was older than she had imagined but nevertheless had an air
of authority about her.  Her friend seemed to be the one who was going to
be providing all the entertainment as she carried a carpetbag similar to
her own which no doubt was also full of disciplinary implements.  However,
it was by the matter of fact way in which she dropped the bag on the floor
that made Jane realise that the woman had done this all before and if what
Daisy had said was anything to go by Mrs Turner knew precisely what would
be coming next.

"My Lady!  It is a pleasure to have you and your friend Sybil visiting
us this afternoon but as you did not give us any warning I am afraid we
were not prepared.  However, as soon as you arrived I sent word for my
staff to seek any suitable girls who had missed being punished this morning
to be brought to my office," Mrs Turner explained.

"Thank you!" Lady Ambrose said, handing Mrs Turner a sealed envelope
which Jane could only think contained payment for the entertainment and if
Daisy was to be believed, although she enjoyed participating in the poor
little darling's ordeals she also had no qualms about accepting much needed
funds to help keep Hillcroft afloat.

It was obvious to Jane from the way that the three women talked and
acted that they not only knew each other but that it was not the first time
that they had contrived to make the poor darling's suffer.

"Are Lady Ambrose and her friend regular visitors?" Jane asked.

"Oh yes!  Lady Ambrose and her friend have been using these visits and
her position as a generous benefactor to satisfy their passion for abusing
the poor darlings for as long as I can remember and Mrs Turner has always
been only too pleased to oblige them," Daisy explained.

As the women discussed the details of `The Parade' the sound of
footsteps could be heard approaching the office and a woman's raised voice
silenced their conversation.

"Now listen!  You are to be on your best behaviour and you are to do
exactly as you are told, do you hear me?" the woman barked.

"Yes Miss!" They chorused.

There was a knock at the door and when Mrs Turner opened it six girls of
roughly the same age were ushered into the office.

"Quickly now!  Up onto the platform and face the ladies," the woman
ordered, unhooking the dog whip from her waist and then swishing it through
the air menacingly.

Jane could not be certain how many of these poor darlings had been
brought to Mrs Tuner's office under these circumstances before, but from
the look on their faces when they saw that there was not only Mrs Turner
but also three other women present they appeared petrified.

They all wore white sailor uniforms similar to the ones that the girls
at Marlborough Hall are made to wear but intriguingly they also had
coloured ribbons in their hair.  Walking along the row of nervous girls,
Mrs Turner looked menacingly into their eyes in an attempt to remind them
of just how important it was for them to impress their audience.

"Tell me!  Why are they wearing coloured ribbons of different lengths in
their hair?" Jane asked.

"Well!  Mrs Turner insists that they are worn so that our benefactors
and visitors can select them according to their experience of being
physically and sexually abused.  You see there are those who prefer to
select the ones that have little or no experience so that they can
humiliate them as they abuse them for the first time.  Then of course there
are those who prefer to select those who have some or allot of experience
so that they can satisfy their real passion for cruelty knowing that the
poor little darling's will do their best to remain stoic in order to please
them," Daisy replied.

"What do the different colours mean?" Jane asked.

"Well!  The colours denote the extent of their experience of physical
and sexual abuse.  White denotes none, yellow denotes a little, blue
denotes some, red denotes average and green denotes that they are nothing
but a tart," Daisy explained.

"I see!" Jane replied, her voice indicating that she understood but was
suddenly drawn to the action in the office.

"We are delighted Miss Clark that you have been able to find so many
girls in need of punishment at such late notice," Mrs Turner said, with a
smile.

"Thank you!  All these girls are guilty of some infringement or another
for which they have yet to be punished.  I have made it quite clear to them
that they will need to impress Lady Ambrose if they want to be chosen by
her to be punished in private now rather than later in front of the
others," Miss Clark replied.

"Very good!" Mrs Turner said.

"Turn!" Miss Clark ordered.

The girls turned so that they faced away from their audience.  However,
the more knowledgably amongst them who had been there before knew to look
in the mirror so that they could watch as Lady Ambrose pointing at them and
discussed their fate with the other ladies.  Then with a signal from Lady
Ambrose the girls were made to dismount the platform and were led out of
the office into the corridor again.

To her disappointment, Jane was not able to hear the whispered
instructions that her Ladyship gave to Mrs Turner, but she was intrigued
when the woman stepped outside returning with just three of them.  Lady
Ambrose had decided that these three girls should be inspected and
questioned and although they were of a similar age they jostled
delightfully for the woman's attention.

"Now!  Up onto the platform and face the ladies again," Mrs Turner
ordered.

They did as they were told and nervously faced the women.  Jane was able
to see that two of them wore blue ribbons of medium length which denoted
that they had some experience and one of them wore a yellow ribbon of a
much shorter length denoting that she had little experience.  Also the way
they were positioned on the platform meant that the least experienced girl
now stood between the others.

"Now listen!  In order to be chosen, you will not only have to impress
Lady Ambrose but you will need to answer any questions you are asked
truthfully, do you understand?" Mrs Turner explained.

"Yes Miss!" They chorused.

"Good!  Then we can proceed.  This is Miss Reynolds who is a governess
and is very experienced at disciplining little girls like you, is that not
correct my dear?" Mrs Turner asked, beckoning the woman to come and join
her.

"Oh yes!" Miss Reynolds said, walking over to her carpetbag and
retrieving a cruel looking strap then walking up and down and then around
the back of the platform all the time menacingly smacking the strap into to
hand in an attempt to gauge the poor darling's reactions.

"Now listen!  Miss Reynolds is going to inspect you, do you understand?"
Mrs Turner asked them.

"Yes Miss!" They chorused.

"Good!  Remove your kilts and stand with your thighs apart," Miss
Reynolds ordered.

The girls removed their kilts not wanting to defy the woman and stood
with their thighs apart.

"Wider!" Miss Reynolds barked, using the strap to encourage them to part
their thighs even wider.

It could be clearly seen highlighted against their lovely pale thighs
that their cunts were a delicious red hue and the height of the platform
meant that their genitals and bottoms were not only at eye level to the
woman's gaze but also at eye level with the spyholes.

To the girls at Hillcroft being chosen to entertain was not only
encouraged but had its benefits, the most rewarding being that of having
the chance to show off their skills and their ability to be stoic under
pressure in the hope that perhaps that they might be taken out or even
taken away from the orphanage's harsh regime.

"So!  What do you think of these naughty little girl's?" Mrs Turner
asked.

"Well!  I need to inspect and question them to be sure, but they all
seem to be worthy penitents.  It depends on which girl can impress Lady
Ambrose the most," Miss Reynolds replied.

"Did you hear that girls?" Mrs Turner said.

"Yes Miss!" They chorused.

"Now!  Turn around and with your thighs wide apart touch your toes,"
Miss Reynolds ordered.

When they had done as they were told the little darlings were standing
with their backs to their audience and their thighs widely parted.  Miss
Reynolds was delighted to see that their cunts and anuses were still sore
from their morning ablutions and because they had not been punished for a
while their bottoms and thighs were also relatively unblemished.

"Now listen!  I am now going to inspect you and you are going to be
asked some questions and I expect you to be truthful with your answers, do
you understand?" Miss Reynolds explained.

"Yes Miss!" They chorused.

Miss Reynolds started with the girl in the middle determined to take
full advantage of the fact that according to the yellow ribbon in her hair
she was the least likely to have any experience.  By starting with her she
also hoped to confuse the others as they would have expected her to start
from the left and proceed along the line to the right.

"What is your name child?" Miss Reynolds asked.

"Maude," the girl replied.

"Maude what?" Miss Reynolds barked, smacking the backs of her thighs
with the strap and making the others giggle.

"Maude Miss," she screamed.

"Be quite!  It will soon be your turn and I do not like gigglers," Miss
Reynolds said.

"Sorry Miss!" They chorused.

"How old are you Maude?" Lady Ambrose asked.

"Ten," Maude whimpered.

"Ten what?" Miss Reynolds barked, smacking the backs of her thighs with
the strap again.

"I am sorry.  Ten my Lady!" Maude screamed.

"How long has she been at Hillcroft?" Lady Ambrose asked.

Mrs Turner went over to her desk and retrieved the orphanage admissions
book and consulted it.

"The records show that Maude came to us about a month ago my Lady," Mrs
Turner replied.

"Thank you!" Lady Ambrose said.  Then with her hands firmly on Maude's
bottom Miss Reynolds prised the cheeks apart so Lady Ambrose could get a
better view of her cunt and anus both of which were still showing signs of
soreness from her morning ablutions.

"Tell me!  Do you get pleasure from your morning ablutions?" Miss
Reynolds asked as she fondled her cunt and anus.

There was a silence as the little darling thought about the question but
it did not take long for the ministrations of the governess's fingers to
bring back the pleasurable feelings she gets from the warmth of the
douching and enemas.

"Well!" Miss Reynolds barked.

"Yes Miss!" Maude whimpered, writhing deliciously on her mistress's
fingers.

"Good!  I like girls who answer truthfully," Lady Ambrose said, hoping
that that would register with the others.

"You have a lovely firm bottom," Miss Reynolds said, fondling and
pinching the pale unblemished cheeks.

"Thank you Miss," Maude replied.

"That is all well and good my girl, but do you think that bottom of
yours will be able to withstand Miss Reynolds discipline?" Lady Ambrose
asked.

"I am not sure my Lady," Maude replied nervously.

"Well!  You better be sure if you want me to choose you, do you hear
me?" Lady Ambrose said.

"Yes my Lady!" Maude replied.

"Tell me!  Have you ever been punished intimately?" Miss Reynolds asked.

There was silence as the poor little darling desperately tried to answer
the question not quite knowing what the word intimately meant.

"Well!" Miss Reynolds barked.

"I am sorry Miss!  But what does intimately mean?" Maude replied, the
sound of the others giggling ringing in her ears.

"Be quite!  I will not tell you again," Miss Reynolds said.

"Well!  I could tell you or I could show you, which one is to be?" Miss
Reynolds said.

"Please Miss!  I am not sure," Maude replied.

"Then I will show you," Miss Reynolds said, placing the strap lengthways
along her exposed anal crease and lightly tapping her cunt and anus just
hard enough for her to understand what she meant.

"Well!" Miss Reynolds barked.

"No Miss!" Maude screamed, frantically rubbing her anal crease to try
and dissolve the pain.

"You naughty girl!  Did I say you could stand up?" Miss Reynolds barked,
smacking her bottom hard.

"I am sorry Miss!" Maude whimpered as she bent over and touched her toes
again, the redness around her cunt and anus now deliciously pronounced.

Lady Ambrose gestured to her friend that she had seen enough of Maude
and that she should move on.

To confuse the poor darlings she moved to the girl standing on Maude's
left and roughly fondled her bottom for a few moments before moving on to
do the same with the girl on Maude's right.

"What is your name child?" Miss Reynolds asked.

"Anna Miss!" the girl replied.

"How old are you Anna?" Lady Ambrose asked.

"Nine!" Anna replied.

"Nine what!" Miss Reynold's barked, smacking her thighs hard and
delighted that the poor little darling had fallen foul of her strap so
soon.

"Nine my Lady!" Anna screamed.

"How long has she been at Hillcroft?" Lady Ambrose asked.

"The records show that Anna came to us about six months ago my Lady" Mrs
Turner said.

"Thank you!" Lady Ambrose replied.

Then just as she had done with Maude, Miss Reynolds placed her hands
firmly on Anna's bottom and prised the cheeks apart so that Lady Ambrose
could get a view of her cunt and anus which also showed signs of being sore
from her morning ablutions.

"Tell me!  Maude says that she gets pleasure from her morning ablutions,
do you?" Miss Reynolds asked as she roughly fondled her sore cunt and anus.

"No Miss!" Anna whimpered, the tone of her voice explaining just how
sore her genitals were becoming under the woman's ministrations.

"You seem to be quite sure.  What is it about them that you do not
like?" Lady Ambrose asked.

"Well my Lady!  The staff must favour the others as they seem to be in
such a hurry with me and all I feel is pain," Anna replied.

"I see!  Is that true?" Lady Ambrose asked.

"My Lady!  It is true that my staff are under pressure to carry out
morning ablutions quickly as they have other work to do, but I can assure
that the girls although they may be somewhat sore they are always left
meticulously clean afterwards," Mrs Turner replied.

"Tell me!  Do you think you would gain pleasure from your morning
ablutions if the staff were to spend more time?" Lady Ambrose asked.

"I am not sure my Lady," Anna replied.

After receiving a signal from Lady Ambrose to move on, Miss Reynolds
choose to further confuse the poor little darlings by fondling all their
bottoms before returning to the girl she had not yet inspected or
questioned and who so far had shown a real air of stoicism.

"What is your name child?" Miss Reynolds asked.

"Laura Miss!" she replied.

"How old are you Laura?" Lady Ambrose asked.

"Ten my Lady," Laura replied.

"How long has she been at Hillcroft?" Lady Ambrose asked.

"The records show that she came to us about nine months ago my Lady,"
Mrs Turner said.

"Thank you!" Lady Ambrose replied.

As she had done with both Maude and Anna, Miss Reynolds placed her hands
firmly on Laura's bottom and prised the cheeks apart so that her Ladyship
could get a better view of her cunt and anus which were still sore from her
morning ablutions.  However, this time the girl did not flinch and that did
not go unnoticed by Lady Ambrose.

"Tell me girl!  Do you get pleasure from your morning ablutions?" Lady
Ambrose asked.

"Oh yes my Lady!" Laura replied.

"What is it about your morning ablutions that gives you pleasure?" Lady
Ambrose enquired.

"Well my Lady!  I like the warmth of the liquids and the way that the
staff insert and withdraw the nozzles which makes me feel funny," Laura
replied.

"Tell me!  Have you ever been punished intimately?" Lady Ambrose asked.

"No my Lady!" Laura replied.

"Maude did not seem to know.  How can you be so sure?" Miss Reynolds
asked.

"Well Miss!  Rather than using nozzles to cleanse our genitals they use
implements to punish them," Laura replied.

To Jane, the reaction on Maude's face as she heard Laura speak so
frankly about such matters was priceless, even though she was upside down,
and of the three of them she thought that Lady Ambrose would surely select
her.

Lady Ambrose signalled for Miss Reynolds to stop her interrogation.

"Stand up and turn and face her Ladyship," Miss Reynolds ordered.

The girls did as they were told albeit now in somewhat in a daze.

"Now!  Replace your kilts," Miss Reynolds ordered.

With a signal from her Ladyship all three girls were led off the
platform and into the corridor to await their fate.  Determined to keep
them waiting, Lady Ambrose and Miss Reynolds took their time over some more
refreshments to converse about which poor little darling was going to
provide the best entertainment.

Then at last a decision was made and Mrs Turner was informed.  The
armless chair was positioned on the platform facing the window.  From where
Jane and Daisy were sitting they could see the chair and because it was
facing the window it meant that when the governess sat on it with the girl
over her knee the girl's bottom and thighs would be facing them.

Also from where Lady Ambrose was sitting she was not only feet away but
she was at eye level to the girl's bottom and that meant that as she was
being disciplined any writhing or flaying of the girl's thighs would afford
her a delightfully erotic view of her cunt and anus.

When all was prepared and everyone was ready Mrs Turner walked over to
the door and summoned Lady Ambrose's chosen penitent.  It was of no
surprise to Jane, or to Daisy for that matter, that Maude was brought back
into the office.

Mrs Turner led the girl over to the platform and made her stand to the
right of the chair facing Lady Ambrose and her audience.

"Now Maude!  Have you brought a note for me?" Mrs Turner asked.

"Yes Miss," Maude replied, handing her the sealed envelope.

Jane had hoped that Mrs Turner would have read the content of the note
out aloud but she merely passed it Lady Ambrose who quickly read it and
handed it back to her.  To Lady Ambrose, the note was a mere formality and
meant very little because she had chosen the girl as an entertainment and
did not need a note as an excuse to punish her.  To Jane however, although
she would have liked to have known just how naughty the girl had been she
was just pleased that she was now going to watch her punished and settled
back to enjoy her ordeal.

"Now listen!  Lady Ambrose has chosen you to be the one who is punished
now in the privacy of this office rather than in front of the other girls,
but mark my words, if you do not co-operate you will be punished again and
even more severely in front of the others, do you hear?" Mrs Turner
explained.

"Yes Miss!" Maude replied, her voice betraying her growing terror.

"You seem nervous girl, are you?" Lady Ambrose asked.

"Yes my Lady" Maude replied.

"Perhaps she should be allowed some lemonade?" Lady Ambrose suggested.

"Would you like some lemonade?" Mrs Turner asked with a knowing smile.

"Oh!  Yes please, Miss" Maude replied.

Removing the cloths that covered the jug of special lemonade and the
large glass she filled the glass right to the top and gave it to Maude who
gulped it down quite unaware of its powers, not only to make her comply,
but also to render her oblivious to any erotic writhing's she might display
whilst being disciplined.

When Maude had finished drinking the lemonade Mrs Turner took the glass
back to the table and then took her seat next to Lady Ambrose who signalled
for her friend Sybil to gather her things and approach the platform.

"Now Maude!  Do you know what is going to happen to you?" Lady Ambrose
asked.

"I am going to be punished my Lady," Maude replied.

"Yes!  That is correct but you are not going to be punished you are
going to be disciplined," Mrs Turner explained.

"Oh!  I am sorry Miss," Maude replied.

"Do you know the difference between being punished and being
disciplined?" Mrs Turner asked.

"I am not sure Miss," Maude said.

"Well!  When a girl is punished it is over quite quickly, but when a
girl is disciplined there is usually more time and if she has been chosen
like you have she is also expected to entertain her audience," Mrs Turner
explained.

"So my dear!  Where are you going to be disciplined?" Lady Ambrose
asked.

"I am sorry my Lady, but I thought I was going to be disciplined here in
the Matron's office," Maude replied.

"You are my girl!  But what I meant was where on your body are you going
to being disciplined?" Lady Ambrose asked, desperately trying to contain
her laughter.

"Oh!  On my bottom and my thighs my Lady," Maude said.

"Where else!" Lady Ambrose asked.

There was a silence as Maude thought about the question trying
desperately not to say the wrong thing.

"I am sorry my Lady, but I am not sure what you mean?" Maude asked.

"Well let me put it another way.  You remember when Miss Reynolds showed
you with her strap what intimately meant, well you are going to be
disciplined there too," Lady Ambrose explained.

"Oh please not there," Maude replied.

"Oh please not there what!" Miss Reynolds said, smacking her bottom and
thighs hard.

"Oh please not there my Lady," Maude whimpered.

"Where!" Lady Ambrose teased.

"On my private parts," Maude replied.

"Do you mean your cunt and anus?" Lady Ambrose said.

"Yes my Lady!" Maude said.

"Why!" Lady Ambrose asked.

"Because it hurts my Lady," Maude replied.

"I see!  Does it not hurt on your bottom and thighs?" Lady Ambrose
teased.

"Yes my Lady, but it hurts much more on my cunt and anus," Maude
explained.

"Well now!  That makes no difference as you are going to be disciplined
on your cunt and anus as well as your bottom and thighs, but I promise that
if you cooperate with Miss Reynolds I will help soothe your aches and pains
afterwards, do you hear me?" Lady Ambrose asked.

"Yes my Lady," Maude replied, her voice betraying her anxiety.

"Good!  Then we can begin," Lady Ambrose said, signalling to Sybil that
she was anxious for her to make a start.

Gathering up her carpetbag Sybil walked over to the platform and placed
it down by the side of the chair.  Even after many years as a governess
there was nothing quite like the feeling she received when disciplining a
girl like Maude for the first time.  There was the tension between her and
her charge and then there was an audience which always heightened the
girl's stoicism and her desire to provide an exemplary entertainment for
them.

"Remove your uniform," Miss Reynolds ordered.

Maude did as she was told and removed her uniform to stand naked in
front of her audience who were now able to get their first really good look
at her.  Lady Ambrose was certain that she had chosen correctly, Mrs Turner
was just pleased to be of service to her Ladyship, and as for her friend,
well she was itching to get started.

To Jane, although she was going to witness poor Maude being disciplined
by the cruel governess she had seen that all before, what she was anxious
to see was the way that Lady Ambrose was going to soothe the little darling
afterwards and if what Daisy had told her was to be believed, then that
itself would be well worth waiting for.

Sitting down on the armless chair Miss Reynolds retrieved a thick
sausage like leather object from her carpetbag and after raising her dress
placed it lengthways between her thighs adjusting it so that one end of it
nudged up snuggly against her crotch before letting her dress back down
again.

From experience, as there had been many occasions when she had
disciplined naughty little girls for Lady Ambrose's entertainment, it had
proved to be most rewarding, as it not only lifted their bottoms up but it
afforded her much pleasure as they writhed on her lap.

"Now listen!  Unlike being punished which requires an offence to have
been committed, being disciplined is for entertainment.  You may scream and
you may writhe as much as you like, but under no circumstances are you to
clench your bottom or try to stop me, do you understand?" Miss Reynolds
asked.

"Yes Miss!" Maude replied.

With that confirmation from her charge she unceremoniously hauled the
girl up across her thighs and placed her left arm over her back to hold her
in position.  With her bottom lifted by the sausage like object and her
cunt and anus exposed the poor tart's thighs were free to writhe about much
to the delight of her excited audience.

"Now listen!  I read the note that you gave to Mrs Turner and I can tell
you that if I were punishing you now I would be asking you many questions
about your lewd behaviour with that other girl, but because I am
disciplining you I do not need to ask them, do you understand?" Miss
Reynolds explained.

"Yes Miss!" Maude replied.

"Good!" Miss Reynolds said, tightening her grip on her back and starting
what was to be a slow but methodical hand spanking of her bottom and the
backs of her thighs that was until the inevitable happened and the pain
made the little tart start to clench her bottom.

"What did I tell you about clenching your bottom?" Miss Reynolds barked.

"Please Miss!  I am sorry," Maude whimpered.

"That makes no difference my girl!  If you continue to clench your
bottom then I will not hesitate to use the persuader," Miss Reynolds
explained.

"Please Miss!  What is the persuader?" Maude asked.

"Oh!  You will find out soon enough if you continue to clench your
bottom," Miss Reynolds said, retrieving a wooden hairbrush from her
carpetbag and then using the handle to caress her cunt and anus making the
poor darling writhe deliciously.

If Maude thought that her mistress's caresses were to help soothe her
then she was mistaken as she turned the hairbrush wood side down and
started to spank her already tender bottom and the backs of her thighs not
stopping until she was screaming deliciously and putting on a most erotic
display for her discerning audience.

"Stop clenching your bottom!" Miss Reynolds ordered.

"Please Miss!  I am sorry," Maude screamed.

"Not as sorry as you are going to be," Miss Reynolds announced, reaching
into her carpetbag to retrieve the persuader.

Made to her own design and made of soft flexible leather it had tiny
spikes sewn into its fabric.  Its thickness was similar to that of the
business end a riding crop and long enough to fit snugly over her charge's
cunt and anus and to cause them excruciating pain should they clench their
bottoms.

"Please not there!" Maude screamed as the spikes rasped her cunt and
anus as her mistress fitted the persuader between the cheeks of her bottom.

"Please not there what?" Miss Reynolds barked, adjusting the persuader
so that it fitted even more closely.

"Please not there Miss!" screamed.

To Jane this was intriguing but to Daisy, well she had seen it all
before but was nevertheless enjoying the poor girl's ordeal.

Then to the audiences delight Miss Reynolds turned the hairbrush bristle
face down and started a sustained spanking making the poor darling scream
and writhe as the spikes dug into her already tender cunt and anus as she
clenched her bottom against the searing pain.  Needless to say that as the
tart's thigh rubbed against her mistress's cunt it caused her to become
aroused and to Lady Ambrose in danger of losing her sense of purpose.

"Enough!" Lady Ambrose barked, not wanting the little tart's tender skin
to be any more damaged than it already was.

Miss Reynolds stopped the spanking and reluctantly retrieved the
persuader from between the girl's bottom cheeks and wiped it down before
replacing it in her carpetbag.  Then making Maude stand Miss Reynolds
reluctantly removed the sausage like object from between her thighs and
returned it to her carpetbag.

"Prepare her!" Lady Ambrose ordered.

With the armless chair left in place Mrs Turner mounted the platform and
positioned her charge so that she was behind her and with her back to the
window.  Her next move was to horse the little darling, a feat that needed
some help.  When Maude's arms were around her neck she wrapped her own arms
under the girls knees and brought her ankles around the front of her waist
where they were tied to stop her from falling.

This position meant that Maude's bottom was widely parted and her cunt
and anus fully exposed, but more importantly her bottom and genitals were
now level with Lady Ambrose's face.  All Mrs Turner needed to do now was to
bend forward and to support herself by her arms on the chair to make the
girl's charms fully accessible to her Ladyship.

"What did I say I would do for you if you cooperated?" Lady Ambrose
teased, arising from her chair and moving to the end of the platform.

"That you would help soothe my aches and pains my Lady," Maude replied.

"That is correct!  So do you want me to soothe your aches and pains?"
Lady Ambrose asked as she massaged the tart's bottom and thighs whilst
drinking in the delightful sights and smells of her pouting genitals.

"Oh yes please my Lady!" Maude replied.

"Very well!  I will help to soothe your aches and pains, but first do
you remember me telling you that you would be disciplined intimately?" Lady
Ambrose asked.

 "Please my Lady!  My cunt and anus are already sore," Maude begged.

"That makes no difference.  You are going to be disciplined on your cunt
and anus, but mark my words if you do not cooperate I will withdraw my
offer to soothe your aches and pains, do you understand me?" Lady Ambrose
teased.

"Yes my Lady," Maude replied with a sigh.

"Good!  Then I can begin," Lady Ambrose said, adjusting her masturbatory
device to make herself more comfortable.

"Miss Reynolds!  Would you please pass me the martinet," Lady Ambrose
said.

Retrieving the martinet from the carpetbag she handed it Lady Ambrose
then joined her at the end of the platform her flushed face betraying her
sheer excitement.

"It would appear that Mrs Turner is enjoying herself," Jane said.

"Oh yes!  The entertainment of her guests is paramount and their funds
are vital to the running of Hillcroft.  However, in all the time I have
observed her helping to abuse her charges in the privacy of her office, I
have noticed that it has become more difficult for her not to be caught up
in the moment and become prone to fits of sheer pleasure as her rubber cock
causes her to swoon," Daisy replied.

"Attention it begins!" Lady Ambrose announced, handing the martinet to
her friend and moving aside to watch as she brought the leather tails
whistling down between Maude's bottom cheeks and onto her already sore cunt
and anus.

"Oh no!  Please, that hurts my Lady," Maude screamed.

"It is meant to my girl," Lady Ambrose said, signalling to Miss Reynolds
to continue which she did vigorously causing the girl to scream and to
writhe most erotically astride the Matron's back.

"Well done!  You took your discipline well my girl.  Do you want me to
help soothe your aches and pains now?" Lady Ambrose teased, signalling to
Miss Reynolds to stop.

"Oh yes please my Lady," Maude whimpered.

"Very well!  I will help soothe your sore cunt and anus, bottom and
thighs, but mark my words if you do not cooperate I will stop, do you
understand?" Lady Ambrose explained.

"Yes my Lady!" Maude replied.

"Good!  Then I can begin," Lady Ambrose said, signalling to Sybil that
she wanted to move to the next stage.

Having entertained Lady Ambrose many times before in this very office
she knew what was about to happen and went over to the refreshment table
with her Ladyship.  Jane was disappointed that much of what they were doing
was in the corner of the office out of sight of her spyhole but was
reassured when they returned.

Lady Ambrose returned with a small table and Miss Reynolds carried a
tray with some covered objects on it.  Placing the table down by the side
of the platform Lady Ambrose stood directly behind Maude and watched
eagerly as her friend Sybil placed the tray down on the table and then
removed the covers.

On the tray, Jane could see a large jug full of water, a large bowl and
a towel.  Lady Ambrose poured water from the jug into the bowl and arranged
the towel so that it was available when needed.  Next she placed her hands
into the bowl where she held them for a good few moments and then splashed
her face several times before pressing it firmly in between Maude's bottom
where she held it for a good few moments.

Watching Maude's face Jane could not help but notice just how quickly
the tart's expression turned from pain to joy as Lady Ambrose nuzzled her
nose against her anus and her tongue against her cunt causing her to
willingly push her bottom out and onto the woman's face.

"Are you enjoying that my dear?" Lady Ambrose teased.

"Oh yes my Lady," Maude replied.

"Good!  Let me see if I can make you feel even better," Lady Ambrose
said.

Splashing her face with water again she placed it back between the
girl's bottom cheeks but this time she also massaged and pinched her
nipples with her left hand and her clitoris with her right hand causing her
to struggle uncontrollably astride the Matron's back.  Then without warning
she moved both her hands to the tart's cunt and masturbated and pinched
whilst she continued to nuzzle her head between her bottom cheeks not
stopping until the lemonade took effect and the girl started to swoon
delightfully.

To Daisy this was expected, but to Jane this was quite enthralling and
she could not help but notice that it was not only Lady Ambrose but Sybil
who adjusted her rubber cock to maximise their pleasures.  Mrs Turner
however, although struggling to support the girl was content to entertain
her guests in the certain knowledge that they were providing much needed
funds for her orphanage.

"Maude!  I must say that I am very impressed with the way that you took
your discipline and your response to my soothing you afterwards," Lady
Ambrose teased.

"Thank you my Lady," Maude replied.

"Mrs Turner and I have an agreement that if a girl entertains me well
and I have use for her at the Grange, then she is given the chance to train
as one of my maids, is that not correct?" Lady Ambrose said.

"That is correct my Lady," Mrs Turner replied.

"However, as you are not yet old enough for service you will have to
remain under Miss Reynolds tutelage until you are.  You will be well cared
for, but marks my words, if you accept my offer Miss Reynolds will be just
as strict with that lovely little bottom of yours as she has just been, but
I will be on hand to soothe your aches and pains afterwards," Lady Ambrose
teased.

There was silence whilst Maude thought about the offer but inevitably
she succumbed to the woman's hands and tongue.

"So!  What do you say my dear?" Lady Ambrose asked.

"Oh yes please my Lady," Maude replied.

"Then it is settled.  Maude will leave Hillcroft with you when you
return to the Grange later this afternoon," Mrs Turner said, bending
herself further forward to make the tart's bottom more accessible to her
Ladyship.

"Thank you!" Lady Ambrose replied, as she continued to masturbate, bite,
pinch and lick Maude's cunt and anus under the pretext of soothing her
aches and pains.

Suddenly Jane and Daisy's enjoyment was interrupted by the sound of a
bell wafting through the open window.

"What is that?" Jane asked.

"Oh!  That is the school bell which means that lessons are over.  It is
also the signal for everyone to take their places to watch Miss Brown teach
some quite different lessons to her chosen pupils in the punishment room,"
Daisy explained.

"By the state of things here it would appear that Mrs Turner is going to
be quite a while before she is going to be ready to see me.  Perhaps it is
time for us to seek further entertainment?" Jane suggested, her voice
betraying her excitement.

"Very well!  Follow me please," Daisy said.


   
