This work involves consensual and non-consensual sex between a woman and horses


If you find any of these themes disturbing please stop reading now. 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------


It was a warm evening and I drove out to the countryside to take a stroll along 
the new bike and walking path that was built along the river. The light from 
the city obscured by the hills, the sky was scattered with stars and a full 
moon. The path was lighted and visible from the road most of the time. I didn't 
feel unsafe being a lone woman out on an evening stroll. 

A ways down the path I followed the river away from the road a little and into 
some hills. Being all alone and having to pee I didn't think to worry about 
climbing through a wire fence into a dark field. Once I felt I wasn't visible 
from the path I pulled my jeans down around my knees and squatted and peed. I 
felt something large against me. It was a large horse pressing his side against 
my body so he can smell my pee. He curled his lips in approval and pushed down 
on my shoulder with his head and pushing me back too. Between my jeans being 
around my knees and this horse pushing me, I was stuck on the ground and 
couldn't move around very well. 

I looked over and noticed his penis was hanging about halfway to the ground; 
maybe 11-12 inches and very thick when he stepped over me and stuck that huge 
cock right in my face. I tried to move around but was hobbled on my knees by my 
jeans. I noticed a musky smell in the air. I also noticed my heart was pounding 
and my thoughts turned depraved. I didn't know it but his airborne pheromones 
were having a powerful effect on me; I was really turned on. His cock was 
hanging lower now, maybe 18 inches, and I could make out the head in the dark 
when it lifted to a 45 degree angle and he pushed it towards my face, I moved 
out of the way but he pulled back and tried again. This horse is trying to make 
me suck his dick!

I couldn't move and this huge dick is pumping toward my face! I thought maybe if 
I jack him off he will be satisfied so I grab hold of his huge cock and start 
pumping. His cock got thicker and a little longer. My hands could barely fit 
around the head of his dick and he got thicker past there.  He got the idea and 
started fucking through my hands but started getting restless and started 
searching for my mouth again and this time he found it. 

He pushed me backwards off balance and I had to hold on to his cock to keep from 
falling over backward, at the same time he pushed against my mouth and caught 
me by surprise squirting precum which I instinctly swallowed. I opened my mouth 
as far as I could and took his head in. He pumped his head into me, injecting 
more precum. His head kept swelling forcing my mouth wide open and pumped even 
more precum down my now open throat. He was pumping me back and forth with 
maybe six inches of cock in me. He really started pumping hard and then pushed 
as far forward as he could. 

Then came the flood of cum. It came in torrents. I figured, since a man usually 
cums a tablespoon?s worth, that the horse might cum two or three times that, 
but he kept cumming and because his head was lodged in so tight it was all 
going down my throat. 

Not being able to breathe I panicked and pulled his cock out which was spewed 
semen all over my sweater and face. 

He stepped over me, dragging his still dripping penis across my face and hair, 
and I was finally able to get up. I started pulling my jeans up when I felt 
weight against my back -- he was on my back -- his front hooves got between my 
arms and I could no longer pull my jeans up. I heard his penis slapping his 
belly and he started pushing towards me again. First he found my asshole and I 
panicked "Oh my god no, he'd rip me apart!" He tried again and found my already 
wet pussy. I tried to pull away but the stallion was intent on raping me. He 
pushed just his head in at first and my pussy was already the fullest it had 
ever felt and he pushed in deeper. All this rape and sex had my head spinning 
with the thrusting of this massive organ deeper into me. Finally my body 
betrayed me and I had an intense orgasm, spasming wildly on the large cock in 
me. Once again he made his final thrust as deep as he could and started cumming 
halfway through my orgasm. With his giant dick filling me there was nowhere for 
the cum to go but out and it sprayed outside my pussy and ran down my legs. I 
could feel his dick shrink as it slipped out of me with a pop. 

My body drained I sat down on the ground panting as I noticed several other 
horses with one heading my way. 

"This is going to be some night," I thought.
