SALVATION

A dark and sadistic tale set in Victorian England

Written by Dickins 

This story is a work of erotic fiction. All names, characters, places and 
incidents are either a product of the author's imagination or are used 
here fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locals or persons, 
living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Story Codes: ped, voy, incest, and bdsm  

Chapter 28, Sarah's Cruel Punishment

Sarah Webb at thirteen was becoming a tart, so her concerned parents 
enrolled her at Avondale Academy in the hope that the regime of harsh 
discipline would cure her of her wanton behaviour.

The memory of Sarah's interview still makes her mother's heart miss a 
beat and acts like an aphrodisiac for her father. Caroline only has to 
say to her husband, "Do you remember her interview?" and that's enough to 
make him rampant.

There was something quite exciting about watching Sarah being made to 
undress and stand naked, then to be told by Miss Ashton to part her 
thighs and bend over with her hands on the floor.  

"Remember?" she would murmur breathlessly to him, watching his cock stir 
as he remembered how her lovely charms were displayed between her parted 
bottom cheeks.

Their sexual relationship had taken on a whole new life as they both 
recalled the moment when Miss Ashton slid her hands up Sarah's thighs and 
slowly fondled and pinched her genitals, making her struggle with 
uncontrolled excitement. 

Miss Ashton's response was to spank Sarah much to the delight of her 
parents, and today they would be seeing her again, only this time she 
wouldn't know that they were watching, a factor that they hoped would 
lead to an even more erotic display of her wanton behaviour.

The girl escorting them stopped at the viewing room door and opened it so 
that they could enter. When John entered the dim room, he was confused 
for a moment until he saw the spy holes. Caroline following closely 
behind him gripped his arm, as they peered through the spy holes into the 
brightly lit punishment room. 

"Dear God," John breathed as he saw the instruments hanging on the wall, 
with a wooden rail and a long bench reflected in the mirrors.

"Sir, I'm Rebecca. Miss Ashton asked me to stay with you and assist you 
with whatever you needed," the girl told them. 

John and Caroline had forgotten all about her, yet hearing her, they 
turned and stared, watching with open mouths as she stood before them 
naked.

"Anything?" Caroline asked her. She'd often wondered what it would be 
like, to make love to a girl.
 
"Yes! Anything Madam," Rebecca replied, as she watched them gaze at her 
nakedness, her nipples rising as if they had been touched and a warm 
slipperiness started to seep into her vulva.

"Caroline," John gasped, his hand covering hers as his eyes slid past the 
naked girl and through the spy holes into the punishment room. 

Sarah was being ushered in, her face showing her nervousness as she 
glanced fretfully all around her.

"Remove your clothes, NOW!!!" her teacher told her sternly.

"That's, Miss Marshall, her teacher," Rebecca explained. 

Blinking back hot tears, Sarah began to do as she was told, totally 
unaware that her parents were watching. 

Her little breasts appeared, the skin marble smooth while the dark little 
nipples slowly puckered in the cold air of the room.  

"My, my," Caroline murmured, entranced by Sarah's budding breasts.

John was no less entranced, but his eyes were now eagerly following the 
removal of her other clothing until she was naked again just as he had 
seen her at the interview. With a groan he watched Sarah try to hide her 
pubis with her hands, only to have them slapped away by her teacher.

"She's shaven!" Caroline gasped, her eyes drawn to Sarah's little vulva 
where the cleft peeked out, the skin smoothly curved.

"She's been plucked Madam," Rebecca told them, showing them her own vulva 
and stroking the smooth curved skin.

"Every morning, the pupils are examined by Matron and any hairs are 
plucked out with a pair of tweezers," she explained. 

"I will not tolerate your wanton behaviour, Sarah!" Miss Marshall told 
her. 

"Please Miss. I will try and stop," Sarah wept, not really sure what it 
meant but knew it was obviously naughty, because she was about to be 
punished for it.

"Yes, but you don't do you," Miss Marshall said contemptuously.

"Hands on your head, NOW!" she ordered.

Miss Marshall retrieved a wickedly thin cane from the wall and bent it in 
front of the sobbing child. Sarah obeyed, a wail escaping her as the cane 
was slowly tapped across her pert little breasts.

"No, oh please no," Sarah, begged.

"Do you want to be expelled?" Miss Marshall hissed.
 
Sarah shook her head and sobbed uncontrollably, pushing her elbows back 
causing her breasts to flatten, and her nipples to harden with her 
arousal.

In the viewing room, Caroline and John watched, enthralled.
 
Neither of them moved, not even to blink, watching Sarah weep and shake, 
as her teacher held the wicked looking cane, ready to strike her little 
breasts.

The cane was raised and then held for a moment, enough time for John and 
Caroline to gaze with excitement until it was brought down across Sarah's 
pert little nipples.

Sarah erupted, screaming loudly and cupping her breasts to squeeze and 
pull on her burning nipples, dancing on the spot and crying 
uncontrollably as the pain seared deep into her.

"Hands on your head, Sarah!" Miss Marshall called, her voice cutting 
through the loud sobs and cries of the poor girl. 

Still weeping and shaking, she obeyed. 

Miss Marshall pulled her over to the mirror to inspect her artwork 
knowing that her parents were watching, and squeezed her breasts to make 
her little nipples more prominent and smiled as Sarah's crying slowly 
ebbed. 

"You like pain, don't you?" the woman breathed softly, her fingers 
massaging and pulling her little breasts, and sometimes running a nail 
over her tender little nipples just to hear Sarah groan or gasp.

Sarah whimpered and shook her head, her trembling renewed as new, and 
fierce sensations invaded her young body.

"Ah, but you will!" Miss Marshall promised. 

She was a true sadist, and smiled as she wondered if Sarah's parents were 
clawing at their clothes yet.

"Shall we give them another one?" she asked the snivelling girl.

Sarah whimpered, fresh tears sliding from her eyes. She looked up 
beseechingly at her mistress, warm tears flowing down her cheeks. 

"Oh, please don't Miss," she whined. Miss Marshall decided it was much 
harder to strike the nipples the second time, and besides she had only 
just started.

John let his eyes slid from his naked daughter, to Rebecca who was 
standing naked in front of him. 

"What shall we do with her?" he asked his wife. 

"Would you like her to suck you?" she asked. 

"Or perhaps she could lick both of us, in turn," she suggested.

"Yes!" John gasped. "Come here, quickly!" he told Rebecca.

Rebecca watched with a flushed face as the tall and powerfully built man 
opened his breeches. His cock was thick and dark with a bulbous head that 
would all but fill her mouth.
 
Caroline sat on the edge of her chair, lifting a leg to expose her cunt. 
Rebecca dropped to her knees, her nose flaring as she inhaled the woman's 
full fragrance.
  
Her hand reached out to the man, holding his thick cock and stroking it 
while moving in between the woman's thighs. She compared the shaft to 
that of her father's and groaned softly as she realised this one was even 
thicker.  

The cunt in front of her was so different to that of her mother's, the 
fleshy portals missing the darkness of flesh, the bulb of her clitoris 
hood that much smaller and more delicately toned.

Looking up, their eyes locking together, Rebecca opened her mouth and 
gently pressed her lips to Caroline's cunt, her tongue gently sliding 
over tender flesh to bring a gasp and a jerk from the woman.

"God that's good!" John gasped.

Distracted from Rebecca's sucking, he watched as Sarah was fastened to a 
bench, and Miss Marshall lowered the end where her head lay to lift her 
bottom up high into the air. 

Sarah wept fitfully, begging between sobs to be given another chance.

Miss Marshall positioned Sarah's thighs under her body, then turned the 
bench, enough so the mirrors reflected her lovely cunt and anus which 
were now perfectly exposed between her little bottom cheeks.

Once more picking up the cane, Miss Marshall knelt with her back to the 
mirror and laid it along Sarah's tender anal cleft, stroking it back and 
forth and watching how it pulled at her labia, drawing it slightly from 
its twin. 

Sarah gleamed from within, bright flesh waiting to be explored and 
examined.

"Stop!" Caroline gasped. Pushing Rebecca's tongue from her cunt, her eyes 
now wide and totally captivated, she watched Miss Marshall stop her 
caressing to lift the cane, and then, bring it down hard.

As Sarah arched against her bonds, screeching with the intensity of the 
white hot pain, Caroline pulled Rebecca against her cunt again and shook 
with glee, erupting on the young girl's face while staring at her 
daughter squirming in agony. 

John panted, his hearing having caught the unmistakable sound of his wife 
coming beside him. 

But he'd seen that before, many times, and it had lost a lot of the power 
to excite him, unlike the sight of Sarah laying on a bench, her upper 
body lowered so that her lovely bottom was raised, her thighs held under 
her so that all her lovely charms were exposed. 

And if that wasn't exciting enough, she was being expertly punished too. 
A vivid red line had appeared where the cane had landed, glowing in 
intensity where it landed beside her puffy vulva. 

John stilled the hand that was energetically pumping him and battled for 
breath, staring at his daughter.
  
Sarah was frantically squirming in her bonds, screaming breathlessly as 
she felt her teacher place the cane to the other side of her vulva and, 
as before, gently rub it back and forth against her soft flesh.

Rebecca sensed when Caroline could no longer stand another touch on her 
sensitive cunt and shuffled away to move towards John. His hands had 
stilled her, but she now drew his gleaming cock downward and eagerly slid 
her mouth over it.

John sobbed and gripped his wife's thigh, his eyes never leaving his 
daughter's parted bottom cheeks. 

The cane rose again and he stiffened in anticipation.

The hot little mouth around the head of his cock sucked him pre-come from 
him, the little hand squeezing his shaft.  

With the same deft flick of her wrist, Miss Marshall sent the rattan cane 
flying into Sarah's crotch and she erupted against her bonds, another 
high pitched screech filling the room as she again felt the terrible pain 
sweep through her.

A mark appeared on her slender young thigh where her squirming had partly 
diverted the teacher's aim. Yet still, another bright line appeared to 
the other side of her vulva, glowing brightly, burning into her as 
fiercely as the pain.

As Rebecca chewed on his cock, his pleasure escalated merging with the 
excitement of watching his daughter being punished, enough to bring him 
to ejaculation. He cried out with the fierce explosion in his balls, 
stiffening with a jerk as his burning cum shot into her little mouth.

Throughout his turmoil he kept his eyes on Sarah watching her squirms 
slowly die away with exhaustion, and leave her weeping uncontrollably 
while the cane marks glowed on either side of her little cunt.

Miss Marshall chuckled, reaching out with her fingers to caress her 
burning flesh and press firmly downward, watching as Sarah's eyes widened 
in shock, then her mouth open to expel a sharp gasp.

Looking directly into Sarah's startled eyes, Miss Marshall drew her 
fingers along her cunt, kneading and pulling at the slender lips and 
drawing them apart, to ease the insertion of her middle finger into the 
folds. 

Her finger found a burning wetness. Sarah gasped and flung her head back, 
then panted and shook, clearly on the edge of a sudden orgasm.

"You are going to be my little tart, aren't you?" Miss Marshall said with 
a grin, her finger pushing harshly into her tender little cunt. 

"Please no Miss, please don't make me," Sarah wept.

Miss Marshall sighed with disappointment and removed her finger.

She licked it of the young girl's flavour, and then rose to unfasten the 
child and help her stand. 

Straight away Sarah bent forward to put her hands between her legs, 
softly weeping as she rubbed herself.

"I hope you don't think that your punishment is over," Miss Marshall 
grinned. 

Putting aside the slender cane she picked up a martinet and ran the 
smooth leather braids through her fingers. "Looks mild compared to the 
cane, doesn't it?" Miss Marshall said with a smile, and showed Sarah how 
the tips ended in hard unforgiving knots.

"Please Miss, don't hurt me!" Sarah cried, weeping uncontrollably.

"To the rail!" Miss Marshall spat.

Still weeping, Sarah removed her hands from between her legs and went to 
the rail, her eyes fixed on the reflection of her teacher in the mirror, 
and totally unaware of the way her nakedness had excited her parents.

"Now! Place your right leg on the rail, Miss Marshall ordered.

Sarah shook as she extended her leg onto the rail and watched in the 
mirror as the martinet was flicked. 

The knotted leather tips scoured her little bottom and Sarah howled, her 
body stretching upwards as she pulled her bottom inwards.

"So! You can stand up straight!" Miss Marshall observed.

Miss Marshall flicked the martinet, smiling once more as Sarah jerked her 
bottom in, screeching with the agony of having the tips scour her flesh. 

"Please Miss. I'll be good, I'll be good," Sarah wept, doing a little 
dance as she tried absorbing the pain sweeping into her.

Starring into Sarah's eyes, Miss Marshall flicked the martinet low to aim 
it between her parted thighs and strike close to her little cunt.

Sarah wailed and shook, tears dripping onto the hands that held the rail 
as her legs threatened to give way.

"I need to make sure that you will be good," Miss Marshall murmured.

Pressing her body up against the side of the child, she leant forward 
slightly to slide her hands over her burning bottom. 

"I want you to be my little pain tart," she told the girl.

"Please Miss. Please don't make me," Sarah wept.

Miss Marshall stepped back and took a fresh grip of the martinet.

"Now! Place your left leg up on the rail," Miss Marshall ordered.

With fresh tears the young girl reluctantly took up the position; 
standing on one leg while the other was raised and stretched out, 
quivering along the rail.

Her parents stared, as nothing revealed their daughter more vividly than 
having her stand before them with her legs up on the rail and stretched 
so marvellously apart.

The cuts of the rattan cane to each side of her vulva had deepened in 
colour, becoming a bright and vivid red that competed with the rich tone 
of flesh now revealed by the parting stretch of her young vulva.

The hood of her clitoris stood proud of her stretched and flattened 
labia. Brightly flushed skin gleamed with wetness, quivering so badly 
that all detail was lost to those watching.

Enraptured by the view, they missed seeing Miss Marshall prepare, and 
then flick the tips of the martinet upwards between her bottom cheeks and 
directly on her unprotected cunt.

Sarah's scream pushed her parents heads back for a few moments, then they 
had returned, their eyes wide and their breaths quickening as they 
searched for evidence of the impact. Sarah flung her hands to her cunt, 
rubbing madly at the burning pain. 

Miss Marshall ordered Sarah to stop, and yet she couldn't, needing 
desperately to fiercely rub her cunt. Strong, firm hands pulled Sarah 
back to the rail and attached them to restraints while ignoring her 
tearful pleas that she'd had enough.

Her leg and thigh were similarly fastened, holding her exposed for the 
next stroke. Her parents gazed in rapture at her glowing little cunt.

Caroline glanced away for a moment and looked down at her husband's 
crotch, groaning wantonly when she saw he was hard again, an almost 
unheard of re-awakening. 

"You're hard again!" she panted.

John pulled his eyes from his daughter's young cunt and licked his lips.

"Do you want to?" he asked.

Caroline sobbed with the thought of his hard cock thrusting into her 
soaking cunt, yet a movement by the girl with them caught her eye and a 
fresh idea made her legs buckle.

"She can lick me while you fuck her!" she gasped, the thought making her 
spill down her thighs. John stared at his wife in wonder, and then woke 
to the need to hurry. 

"Rebecca! Quickly!" he cried.

"You're going to love this, Sarah" Miss Marshall said as she teased the 
weeping girl, caressing her smooth young body with the martinet.  

"Before I've finished, you are going to be begging me for more," she told 
Sarah as she starred into the mirror, confident that her parents were 
being well serviced by Rebecca.

Rebecca bent herself back over the chair, leaning her head back and 
willingly drawing her legs up and apart. She spread her slender legs with 
an easy grace while welcoming the thighs of the woman to either side of 
her face. She swung her arms around the woman, gripping her full and 
mature bottom in order to hold on to her, and then eagerly applied her 
mouth to her full-lipped cunt.

As she did, she felt his powerful hands grip her waist and his large cock 
enter her. Squealing into Caroline's cunt, she felt the first of her 
orgasms strike her.

The parents didn't notice. Even as they moved their crotches back and 
forth, using the girl for their pleasure, their attention was totally on 
little Sarah, bound to the rail with one leg lifted, Miss Marshall 
preparing to strike the child's defenceless cunt again.

The martinet didn't appear to strike that hard, yet the impact on the 
flattened tips on Sarah's cunt making her squeal loudly. More bright 
marks appeared between her thighs, glowing as she squirmed and fought 
against her bonds.

Caroline stopped her movement to welcome the explosion of sensation in 
her cunt, jerking with each flick of Rebecca's tongue. Meanwhile, John 
continued to thrust and pant, his cock overly large between the slender 
hips of the young girl.

The martinet slapped across Sarah's bottom, the tips flicking between her 
legs. She arched yet again, breathlessly howling before squirming 
uncontrollably.

Stepping up to Sarah she rubbed her bottom, before then sliding her 
fingers between her legs. 

"Ah yes. Wet aren't you Sarah?" she grinned.

John groaned, his pace now quickening as he watched Miss Marshall toy 
with his daughter's immature cunt. Caroline reached between her own legs, 
her fingers pulling her flesh apart.

"There!" Miss Marshall breathed.

She pushed her fingers into Sarah's little cunt, and then drew them out, 
letting them reappear gleaming with wetness. 

"Are you ready to become my little pain tart now?" she asked, sliding her 
fingers back in again.

Sarah quivered and panted, her eyes growing unfocused on the mirror 
before her. Unable to stop herself, she pushed her pelvis back in 
anticipation of its return.

Her finger well moistened, Miss Marshall drew it back to poise it at the 
corrugated sphincter of Sarah's anus, and then fed a different finger 
back into her hot little cunt.

"You're so hot!" she breathed into Sarah's ear, pumping one finger into 
her cunt and another into her anus. 

"Now!" She ordered.

A long high-pitched cry came from between Sarah's clenched teeth. Her 
young torso rose and tensed against her bonds, then quivered with the 
force of her orgasm. 

Eyes wide, she starred into the mirror and watched her mistress grin down 
at her, unaware that her parents were watching her display of wanton 
passion with the greatest of delight, as young Rebecca Allcot expertly 
serviced them.	

******

Caroline and John were reminded not to say anything of what they had just 
witnessed. "Remember, Sarah doesn't know that you were watching her 
punishment," Miss Ashton told them; in an attempt to ensure that the 
viewing rooms remained a secret. 

They were seated on the sofa in her office awaiting the arrival of their 
daughter.

"Did you enjoy watching Sarah's punishment?" Miss Ashton asked them.

"Oh Yes!" they both replied.

John glanced at his wife Caroline whose cheeks started to colour with the 
memory of Rebecca's tongue between her thighs. She already ached to feel 
it again, but the memory of watching Sarah's punishment were too strong 
and vivid images sprung into her mind flooding her with a new arousal.

"Are you certain that you want to examine Sarah?" Miss Ashton asked.

She had raised this question before, and like before, Sarah's parents had 
glanced at each other and then nodded their consent, John licking his 
lips while Caroline blushed brightly.

"Very well," Miss Ashton said, ringing the little bell on her desk.

A few moments later there was a knock on the door and an assistant 
teacher led Sarah in to the office.  

"Mother! Father!" Sarah cried out, her eyes widening happily as she saw 
her parents for the first time since her interview three months ago. 

Sarah started to run but was slowed down by the searing pain in her cunt. 
Her parents, although delighted to see her let their smiles fade as they 
saw her pained expression.  

The knowledge of why she hurt tinged their skin but was kept from their 
expressions as they pretended concern and curiosity.

"What's wrong darling?" they said instead, almost as one.

Caroline reached out and drew her between them, stroking her hair and 
wanting desperately to undress her so she could caress her precious 
little breasts. 

She hoped the mark of the cane would still be on them and swallowed as 
she thought of sucking the nubile flesh, of feeling those tender little 
nipples in her mouth and licking their tender young flavour.

"Nothing. It's nothing," Sarah told them.

"Are you sure?" her father asked, for all the world acting like a 
concerned parent.

"You have been punished, haven't you?" Miss Ashton murmured, faintly 
smiling at the young girl's attempt to hide her soreness.  

Sarah glanced at her, and then quickly and meekly lowered her eyes.

"Yes Miss," she murmured.

"Good heavens!" Caroline said, her hands on Sarah's shoulders shaking 
with her growing excitement.

"It's all right mother. I deserved it," Sarah heard herself saying.

"Deserved what exactly?" John asked.

"Oh dear! Well, I suppose your parents have a right to know how you were 
punished, Sarah," Miss Ashton told her.

The girl swallowed as her heart began to beat faster. A dread settled in 
her stomach as she guessed what the headmistress was going to tell her to 
do next.

"Remove your uniform! You can use my desk to lie back and show your 
parents how you were punished," Miss Ashton said, her eyes warning her of 
the intensity of any further punishment should she refuse.

Pleading, bargaining and refusal were all out of the question. All Sarah 
could do was hide her eyes from her parents as she undressed.

Blushing hotly she removed her uniform with her back to her parents, but 
then there could be no further delay and, biting her lip while feeling 
her face burn, she turned to sit on the desk.

Trembling with the sound of their gasps, Sarah leant back and lifted her 
legs, bending them outward as she had been taught so her crotch was 
spread, the once bright and burning lines on either side of her little 
cunt now dark with bruising.

"My god," John breathed, aroused as much by Sarah's nakedness, as by the 
vivid evidence of her punishment.

Caroline was breathless, he crotch suddenly flooding with her hot juices 
as she stared at her daughter, her mind full of how obediently she had 
removed her clothes and exposed herself.

She rose from the sofa and approached the desk, licking her lips as her 
fingers moved delicately over the darkened, and swollen nub of Sarah's 
nipples.

"Do they hurt, darling?" she asked. 

Sarah licked her lips, the touch igniting a burning ball in the pit of 
her stomach. Although tender, her nipples grew swelling up against her 
mother's brushing fingers. 

Even the softest of touches sent pain spiralling into her breasts, yet 
she shook her head, wanting her mother to continue.

Following Caroline's example John approached Sarah, letting his eyes 
devour the delicate folds of her burning cunt. As Caroline had done, he 
reached out a trembling hand to feel the soft smoothness of her inner 
thigh, and then followed it down to her cunt, his breath held as he 
traced the first of the two welts.  

"You must have been very brave," he told Sarah; conscious suddenly that 
she was panting more loudly than he. Wide-eyed and unblinking, he watched 
her precious little cunt gleam as wetness seeped slowly from it.

"Please!" Sarah whimpered, shaking like a leaf as both her parents looked 
down at her nakedness, the expressions of awe and excitement 
communicating with her.

"You must let them," Miss Ashton warned. "Your parents have a right to 
examine you," she told her, watching approvingly as, encouraged, they 
began to more freely caress their daughter's body.

Caroline's hand squeezed her little breast upwards, and then took the 
little pubescent nipple in her mouth and John used both hands on his 
daughter's cunt, one to help part the slender young labia, the other to 
slip a finger slowly into her vagina.

Sarah gasped and shook, her eyes wide as she felt the suction on her 
tender nipple, then the glorious flick of her mother's tongue. She flung 
her head back to gasp, then whimpered as she felt her father's dry finger 
pull at her tender cunt mouth, pushing flesh inwards.

"Oh yes!" her father gasped, watching his finger reappear gleaming with 
wetness. The sweet scent of her arousal captured him along with the 
realisation that there was no longer a hymen, and breathless with that 
knowledge, he slid the finger back into her hot tightness, her gasp of 
pleasure exciting him.

"I'm afraid three months training will not have been enough to allow her 
to take you properly," Miss Ashton told her father, watching his 
expression as he more readily slid his middle finger in and out of his 
panting daughter's moist cunt.

"I think she will be ready in another three months, perhaps sooner if she 
continues with her wanton behaviour. However, she has been taught to use 
her mouth," she explained.

"All right!" John exclaimed, almost immediately dragging his finger from 
the clinging walls of Sarah's little cunt so he could quickly open his 
breeches and release his large cock. Caroline panted hotly as she urged 
her daughter to slide off the desk and to her knees in front of her 
father. 

With Miss Ashton helping, they got Sarah onto her knees, then bent 
forward to take the his cock into her mouth, filling it with the bulbous 
head.

"Grip it, grip it, that's a good girl," Miss Ashton murmured, as she 
watched closely to ensure the girl did not disappoint her. 

Sarah was breathing loudly through her nose, her mouth working on the 
swollen crown of her father's cock while her hands curved around the 
base, pulling on the flesh as she urged it to spill his seed into her 
mouth.

Caroline knelt beside her daughter, her little bottom now raised as her 
mouth worked hard. With a little groan her hand slid down her daughter's 
back, her fingers caressing her tender anal crease.

"Oh, my sweet little darling," she whimpered, her finger trembling as it 
slid around the curve of Sarah's bottom to rest over her anus. She could 
imagine what it looked like by her touches; small and neat, the sphincter 
moving, unsure whether to pout or clench.

Breathless, Caroline moved her finger around, her breath quickening as 
her daughter's cunt relaxed to accept her finger.

John leant back and panted, his head drawn down to gaze at his bent 
daughter, her head in his lap. Her hot little mouth was tight around his 
cock and little slobbering sounds could be heard as she swallowed the 
saliva that his strong flavour helped to produce.

Little hands clutched at his cock, sometimes loosening, then suddenly 
tightening in the way that she had been taught.

"I'm going to come, I'm going to come!" he gasped breathlessly, his body 
shifting in readiness for the explosion.

"Over her face!" Miss Ashton murmured calmly.

She took a grip on Sarah's hair and pulled the girl off her father's 
cock, raising her head until it was perfectly presented.

Taking himself in hand, John rose to point his cock directly at his 
daughter's face and, with one long slide of his hand, brought the first 
spurt of seed from it.

With a strangled cry, he thrust his cock forward and watched a long trail 
of seed strike Sarah's face. It struck from brow, across her eye and nose 
and finished on her jaw before another pull brought a second eruption, a 
stream of seed splattering her lips, the base of her nose and chin. 

Then a third shot, hitting her jaw as she turned her face away.

Caroline sucked on her sticky fingers and watch Sarah open her eyes, a 
length of seed sticking to her eyelashes. More pearly white seed hung 
from her jaw and chin in lengthening strings until breaking to drop to 
the carpet.

She bent and licked some of the warm seed from her daughter's cheek then 
savoured the taste, rolling it on her tongue before turning to kiss her 
delicately on the lips.  

Her tongue drew the young girl's mouth open and exchanged flavours, Sarah 
groaning as she tasted her father's seed.

"Very good," Miss Ashton said approvingly. 

"You may visit Sarah again in three months, but for now, she must hurry 
along to her next class, or she will be punished again, for being late!" 
she grinned.

	


	







