Meet Simon, who has a problem only the women of the neighborhood can help him with.

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Simon, Chapter 1 (MF, cheat, Fdom, reluc, F-solo, M-solo, span, voy)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Corinne Davison, thirty years old, lay on top of her bedsheets and moaned as her fingers slipped between her prominent pussy lips. She had woken up horny again, and the voluptuous brown-haired woman had decided to 'take matters into her own hand', so to speak. Her other hand was massaging one of her C-cup breasts. She was fantasizing about her husband, who had left for work an hour previous, picturing the man on top of her, thrusting his hard cock into her again and again. She raised her pelvis up in order to dig her fingers deeper inside, feeling her orgasm rising from her loins. "Uhh...huhh..."

"Ungk!" she heard from just outside her bedroom window, and something splattered against it with a 'thump' sound. Her initial thought was that a bird had flown into it.

"AUGHH!" She heard something tumble from the angled roof, which her bedroom overlooked. Her orgasm lost, she rushed to the window. It looked like something white and sticky had splattered onto the glass. Had a bird dropped a doody bomb on her window? But that had sounded like a person crying out.

Corinne pulled on her bathrobe and headed out her front door. There was a young, dark-haired man lying prone on her lawn! "Ohmigod!" she cried out and rushed over. "Are you all right?"

"Owie..." he moaned as he tried to sit up.

She looked to see if the kid had twisted any limbs, but then noticed that his fly was open and he had a dowling rod sticking out through it. Then she did a double-take...that was his hard penis, and it had to be at least 8 inches long! She suddenly realized what had splattered on her window, and why.

She looked around the neighborhood. Here she was in nothing but a bathrobe, with a young man who had his dick out. Any of the neighborhood gossips could look out and see them! "Can you walk?" she asked the kid.

He nodded and rose unsteadily to his feet. She ducked under one of his arms and helped him into her house.

"Lay on the couch," she directed him. "And put that away!"

Sheepishly, the boy tried to tuck his penis away, but it actually seemed to be harder than earlier, almost 9 inches now, she estimated, and he was having trouble. His eyes kept flashing to her chest as he struggled.

She looked down and realized that her robe had opened up, revealing a generous portion of cleavage. Gasping, she pulled it closed and cinched the belt tight.

"Um, um, sorry ma'am...you're so gorgeous, I can't help myself." He gave up on trying to tuck his member away and instead covered it with his hands, blushing furiously.

Corinne blushed too. Her husband hadn't called her gorgeous in a long time, and this boy's phallus was bigger than her husband's average-sized member. Her eyes scanned the young man's form...he was only 5'9", perhaps, and slim, with dark brown eyes. That cock seemed even larger when compared to the rest of him. "How old are you?"

"Um, eighteen, ma'am."

She shook her head. Why was that her first question? "Are you hurt?"

"Umm...my wrist hurts a bit, but it doesn't seem broken." He moved his right hand a little and winced.

"What's your name? I'm Mrs. Davison."

"Simon von Trocken, ma'am...I'd shake your hand, but..." He reddened again as he looked down at his hand-covered crotch.

Her eyes unconsciously slipped down there as well. "Why were you on my roof, Simon?"

"I'm so sorry, Mrs. Davison. My Mom tells me I have a whore..." He frowned. "...whore..."

Corinne frowned as well. "You have a what?!"

His face cleared as he remembered "...moan issue."

"Uhh..."

"Hormone issue...Doc said so." He smiled, happy to have remembered the words.

Corinne realized that this kid wasn't the sharpest crayon in the box. Not special needs or anything, but definitely below average in brain power. "So what does that have to do with you peeping in my window, Simon?"

"Err...I gotta do it a few times a day or it hurts, and Mom won't let me watch porn...uh, ma'am."

"Do it?"

"Um...let my stuff out...y'know...e-jack...um..."

"Ejaculate?"

His face lit up, and Corinne realized that the strange young man was actually kind of cute.

"Yeah, that's it! You're the prettiest lady in the neighborhood, Mrs. Davison, so I borrowed your ladder to watch you. I got a little light-headed when I shot, and then..."

"Fell off my roof...yes, I was there," she responded, not knowing how to feel about this. "Um...can you put that away yet?"

He moved his hands and Corinne involuntarily took in a hiss of breath at the sight of his still-hard member. While it was just about 9 inches long now, it was only a little thicker than a regular-sized one would be. How could such a huge dong fit on his small frame? she wondered. It must have something to do with that hormone issue he mentioned.

He fussed with it a bit, but... "Nope." He put his hands back in place. "I'll probably have to...you know...to make it go back down."

She remembered the thunk sound. "But didn't you...already...on my window?"

He gave her an awkward smile and shrugged. "Yeah, but then you brought me in here, and your robe opened up...."

Corinne was aware that she hadn't reached orgasm earlier. She could feel that her nipples were hard under her robe, and her pussy was still very wet. "So can't you just...?" She made a fist and shook it up and down.

"I hurt my fun wrist when I fell, remember?"

She gave a little laugh as she shook her head. "So it's kind of my fault that not only is your penis hard, but that you can't relieve yourself? Did you actually think that would work?"

"Uhh..."

She stood up. "You trespass on my property, peek in my window, and have the gall to blame me for your injury so that I'll whack you off? You know what? Turn over!"

"Uh, what?"

She grabbed his good arm and twisted it, making him turn toward her. Then she unfastened the button of his jeans. "On your front! I'm gonna teach you what your mother should have!" She grabbed his shirt, pulled on it until he was face down upon her couch, and then pulled his jeans down, revealing his pale bare ass.

She reared back and smacked one of his asscheeks. "ONE!"

"OW! Hey, please..."

"TWO!" She smacked the other one, a little harder. "Don't you move, or I'll start again! We're going to ten, Simon!"

"Owiee..."

"Three! Four! Five!" Her hand was starting to sting. She didn't have any children of her own, but she remembered her mother doing this to her when she had been bad growing up, except that woman had used a belt. "Six! Seven! Eight!"

"Waaah! Mommy!" Simon wailed.

"Shut up!" Corinne yelled back. "You want me to start again?" She looked down at his face, which was turned toward her. He shook his head, but his tear-filled eyes were focused between her legs.

She looked down. With all the vigorous movement from the spanking, the belt of her robe had come undone, and her puffy pussy, with its postage stamp of trimmed brown hair, had revealed itself. Well, she thought, he had seen more from his vantage point outside of her bedroom window. She reared back and spanked him twice more. "Nine! Ten! Now that should teach you not to peep into windows!"

She looked at Simon's buttcheeks, which were now red and angry, and realized what she had done. This boy's diminutive size had made her treat him like a misbehaving smaller child, but he was legally an adult. She could go to jail for assault!

"Turn back around...lie back," she directed him, and he did so, wincing as his raging buttcheeks touched the fabric of her couch cushions. She gasped as she beheld his still-hard cock, which was even more turgid and angry-looking, almost purplish, it was so engorged with blood.

She knelt next to him, fascinated by it. "Simon, I'm going to make a deal with you." She took his erection in hand, making him gasp. "I'm going to help you so that you can put this away, and in return you will promise not to tell anyone what happened here today." She gave him a tentative stroke. "Okay?"

"Um...yes, ma'am!"

"Okay..." She moved her hand up to the head, which was not much thicker than the rest of it, and then stroked down, all the way to his balls, which she noted also seemed large for his frame.

Simon moaned again, and she could feel his eyes on her body. She hadn't re-tied her robe, so he could see her breasts now. He had seen all of her earlier, she told herself as she increased the speed of her stroking, so didn't bother covering up...maybe it would make him cum faster, and then he'd be out of her house that much earlier. She could feel her right nipple rasping along the inside of her robe as her shoulder moved in time with her stroking...that felt good... Her mouth opened a little as her breathing rate increased. She was so wet...

"Uhaaughh!" Simon cried out, and he turned his body toward her as he came.

She felt the first splash of his hot cum land right between her boobs with terrific force. "Oh!" she stopped stroking, but it kept coming out! The next burst hit her flat tummy, and she had the wherewithal to lift his cock up before his sperm went somewhere it shouldn't -- not that it should be anywhere near her body in the first place! The next splash hit her cheek, and then her neck. She used her hands to catch the last dribbles of his orgasm before it ended up on her carpet or couch. Her tongue, unbidden, sampled the salty tribute he had left on her cheek, and she mentally chastised herself. "Damnit, Simon...!"

"I'm sorry!" he whined. "I didn't want to make a mess of your nice couch."

She considered that. Cleaning her robe would be a lot easier than the couch, and she could always shower the rest off. "Hmp. Okay, just put that away and head home, please...and remember our deal!" She got up, wiped her hand on her robe, and pulled it taut, using its fabric to sop up all of the semen he had left on her body.

"Yes ma'am!" he called after her as she headed to the shower.

---

Corinne dropped her cum-stained robe to the bathroom floor and looked down at her sticky body. The robe had absorbed a lot of Simon's cum, but her curvy form still glistened from the remnants. Damn, that boy had cum a lot! She started the water and then climbed in after it warmed up. "Mmm..." she hummed as the steaming water rained down upon her...she liked hot showers. She soaped herself up and gasped as she rubbed at her breasts...they were very sensitive!

Well, now that she was alone, she figured that she could finish her masturbation from earlier. She tapped one nipple as her other hand snaked down to rub at her still-prominent clitoris. She thought about her husband again, but as she approached her release, her mind, unbidden, shifted to the memory of Simon crying out as his huge cock blasted off.

"Ungfh!" She cried out, unable to stop the orgasm attack. The hot water cascading down her wanton body reminded her of the feel of the young man's hot cum splattering upon her, dripping down, down toward her vulnerable pussy. "Nghhkk!" she grunted as another orgasmic wave rolled through her, and she almost lost the strength in her legs, it felt so good.

"Jesus fuck," she gasped as she calmed down from her orgasm. What a crazy day, and it wasn't even noon yet.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)