A couple of unexpected happenings.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

I Dream of Demie 38 - Enjoy or Death (MF, ds, Fdom, magic, Mdom, oral, reluc, sm, viol)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

"There, that will hold Eros," Kate informed us as she finished the complex chalk circle around the demon's head, which was now in the middle of the kitchen table. "I don't need magic for a protective circle."

Demie chuckled. "Good, then I won't have to keep swallowing him." Eros stuck his tongue out as Kate headed back to her bedroom.

I looked at Demie's brother. "I can't believe you perverted one of my favorite childhood cartoons. Fuck you, asshole."

He leveled his Fabio-like gaze at me. "You can't tell me that you didn't enjoy the adventure, bro. You figured out the mystery and set up a trap to catch the bad guy, just like in the show."

I couldn't deny that...it HAD been exciting. Still: "You aren't my bro, guy."

He glanced over at Demie and back to me. "She's my sister, so you're my bro-in-law, right? We're family, bro." He winked at me.

"What's he talking about?" I asked Demie.

She rolled her eyes. "Well, you know how a marriage contract is supposed to be until you die? A deal with a demon's forever. After you kick it, you'll be in Hell with me, for all time. Of course, it'll be a lot less pleasurable for you down there." She licked her lips.

I felt faint. "So, it's like we're married but there's no way to get divorced, and once I die..."

She nodded. "Yep, straight to Hell. That's The Deal, capital T, capital D, signed with your soul."

I ran out of the room.

"What's up with my bro Tom?" Eros asked, grinning.

---

Monday knocked on Kate's bedroom door. "So, um..."

Kate was still wearing Tom's shirt and the brown Velma skirt. The glasses were long gone. She turned from putting Kate into her crib. "Monday! How are you doing? You sort of lost your dog and your girlfriend again..." she frowned, "...also sort of, on the same day."

"Er, yeah, I'm okay, actually," he responded. "Seeing Zee at the B&B, and then on the couch with another Tom when we got here was a freakout, until he explained she was Tillie and you all explained him." He shook his head. "Guess I'm getting used to all this crazy magic shit. At least I didn't end up in the hospital this time." He suddenly looked uncertain. "Um, I wanted to talk about you and me in the freezer..."

She looked uncomfortable. "Monday, I love Tom...we were sharing warmth in the freezer...we're friends, right?"

"Uh, yeah! Yeah, okay..." He turned to leave.

She took his hand. "But thank you for saving me from those men." Then she pulled him into a hug.

Monday paused for a moment, and then returned the hug. Despite the warmth, he felt very lonely. "Umm, I'm gonna..."

They pulled apart and Monday headed home.

---

"So how do you send him back to Hell?"

"Kill his summoner, just like with Bilson," Demie calmly responded, referring to her mother Eudora's previous summoner.

"Who?"

"Oh...right, you're Other Tom," she realized. "Otie, yes," she quickly amended as he raised a finger to correct her. "I'd best go talk with Tom." Then she headed into the bedroom.

Eros turned his head to Otie. "So, changeling, eh?"

---

"Tom?" Demie closed the bedroom door behind her.

I was laying on the bed, my face in my pillow. "What!?"

She sighed. "Turn over."

I looked up. "What?"

"I said..." She grabbed my feet, "...turn OVER." And then she spun me onto my back, my head going dizzy from the sudden movement.

"What are you doing?!" I yelled at her.

She unfastened my jeans and pulled them down, along with my underwear. "I'm not gonna spend my time on Earth with a whiner, Tom. Now, you can either agree to enjoy our time here together, or I can just kill you now and the rest of your eternity can start down below." Her skin turned red, horns grew from her head, and her clothing melted away, revealing that hot, voluptuous body. Then her arm shifted into the blade of a blood-red sword, which she then held at my throat. I gulped and shied back.

I felt her other hand on my penis, gripping it softly. As it started to fill with blood, she began stroking it. The sword didn't move from my neck.

"So, dummy? Enjoy, or death?" Her hand was hot, but her eyes were like ice.

My cock was mostly hard now, thanks to her expert ministrations. "Um...enjoy!"

"Good choice!" The sword transformed back into her arm, and she took my cock into her mouth.

I moaned softly as her magnificent tongue swirled around my member. Soon I was rock hard, and she mounted me with a purpose, sinking my 7-incher into her hellacious depths.

"Ooh yeah..." she moaned as she pushed hard, stretching the skin of my cock as the dry walls of her vagina caught at it. I hissed in discomfort. "Problem?" she asked as she pulled back up and then slammed down, her superior strength causing us to bounce on the bed.

I grunted in pain as she did it again. With her infernal strength, my hips weren't going to take much more of that pounding! "Demie...!" I implored her.

"Whining again?" She brought her mouth close to mine. "Maybe I should just kiss you and end this idiocy."

My face felt flushed and I got mad. I grabbed her jaw, wrapped my other arm around her midsection, and rolled. Now I was on top.

"How...?!" Demie asked, confused. She tried to push me back, but found that she couldn't. She twisted and rolled, trying to get to her hands and knees for leverage. My cock slipped out of her and then I was presented with her rounded red butt as she struggled.

"Smack!" The flesh of her ass actually contorted with the impact of my hand, momentarily becoming gelatinous.

"OW!" she shrieked. "Why did that hurt? How are you doing this?!"

I didn't care. My cock was like steel, and her engorged pussy lips were right there. I grabbed her hips and thrust back in, hard.

"Ohhdaahhmn..." she moaned as I started hammering into her, the impact of my hips upon hers reverberating through the malleable flesh of her posterior. She stopped struggling.

I grabbed her tail and yanked, making her cry out in pain again. I used that grip to pull her back onto my cock over and over. She was making mewling sounds, something I'd never heard from her before.

"Tom...Tomm..." she moaned, and I felt her pussy grip me as an orgasm washed over her. "Uoohh..."

"I'm your master," I told her as I kept thrusting hard.

"Wha...? Ohhh..."

"Say I'm your master."

She was drooling into the bedsheets now, her eyes half-lidded. "M--master?"

"SAY IT!" I smacked her ass again.

"You're my...my master!" she cried out and started to orgasm again.

"YES!" I yelled and thrust into her faster. Her sucking snatch set off my own orgasm, and I bellowed in victory as I blasted her hot insides full of my cum.

"UNHH!" she gasped, her own orgasm redoubling as I shot my sperm inside her.

Finally, I fell back, suddenly bereft of energy, my wilting cock slipping out of her.

In a flash, she leapt upon me, her face heading for mine, and I honestly thought that my number was up, but at the last moment she nuzzled herself into my neck while wrapping one arm across my chest and one of her legs across mine.

I could feel her hot breath in my ear. "I don't know what just happened, but that was the hottest thing ever," she whispered.

We lay there, breathing heavily. Demie had never seemed so...loving...before. Well, once before, I realized, after we beat her brother the first time...

The bedroom door flew open. "Tom!" It was Kate, naked as per usual.

I figured that she was there for a threesome, but I didn't know if I'd be able to get it up again after that energetic coupling with Demie. "Kate, I'm sorry..."

"Where's Eros and Otie?"

---

A few minutes earlier...

"Yeah, I'm a changeling," Otie replied. "What of it?"

Eros grinned at him. "That's cool, buddy. I spent a few decades as a board game. It's amazing what magic can do, isn't it?"

"Whatever," Otie replied dismissively as he headed back to the couch. He turned the Xbox on and started Diablo III up.

"Hey, I was a video game for a bit there, too!" Eros called out from the dining area.

"Good for you?" Otie replied as he started playing.

Eros continued, "Back to the changeling subject, though, did you know how they're made, or more specifically, what they're made of?"

"Sugar, spice, and everything nice?" Otie retorted, annoyed. After no reply for a few seconds, he paused the game and looked back over at the kitchen table. Eros' head was gone! He could see that a hole had been cut into the surface of the table.

"Shit..."

Then his vision went black as something jumped onto his face from behind the couch and wrapped around his head. As Otie struggled to cry out, he heard Eros' voice in his ear:

"Primal matter, just like us demons. Hell has priority over faerie magic, though, so..."

"NO! NO!" Otie screamed, but only in his head. He felt disconnected from his body, losing his senses one at a time: already blind, he lost smell, then hearing, and finally, touch. His body flopped back onto the sofa. His mind felt adrift, his last thoughts being that it wasn't fair, and he wished that he could say goodbye to Tilly.

Otie's body rippled, becoming more bulky as Eros' head settled atop its new form. Then he was Fabio-Eros again. "Ah, there we go. Sorry, Otie." Then he pondered for a moment. "Actually, why don't I go say hello/goodbye to your girlfriend, hm?" Transforming into Otie's/Tom's form, he headed out the door.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)