TALES FROM A COUNTRY ESTATE

Part 3, Cruel Discipline

By Dickins

A dark and sadistic tale set in England.

Lady Marlborough couldn't sleep; the entertainments of yesterday
and the pleasures associated with her visit to St Agatha's
orphanage for girls later that afternoon occupying her mind.

Morning sunlight streamed through her window enticing her to rise
and walk bare foot to look outside. Surveying the grounds, she
was drawn to the long tree lined drive that meanders its way
across the ornate stone bridge towards the more discreet entrance
and exit of the east gate.

"Today, is going to be so entertaining!" she told herself.

Casting aside her excitement she got dressed, and as usual on
such occasions declined to wear undergarments under her best
black dress and chose to wear a silver brooch to emphasise her
breasts. Thoughts of all the pleasures to come sent thrills
through her as she slipped her fingers down to her cunt,
pinching, prodding and masturbating herself until the feelings
rose to a crescendo.

Slipping down the back stairs she made her way to a small room
next to the housekeeper's office, where through spy holes she was
able to see and hear the activity, both in the office and in the
adjoining soundproofed punishment room, which she hoped would be
in use very soon.

Like all the staff at Marlborough Hall, Mrs Jarvis had been
employed by Lord Marlborough and has proved to be both reliable
and to have a real penchant for cruel discipline. As was usual at
that time of the morning, she was sitting at her desk attending
to the accounts, when a voice in the corridor interrupted her.

"You can't go in there," the voice cried, as a little girl burst
in, followed by Mrs Asher the head housemaid.

Mrs Jarvis recognised the child as Polly Tomkins, a novice from
the local orphanage who had recently started in service under Mrs
Asher, and Lady Marlborough couldn't help thinking just how
attractive she looked as her pale completion contrasted against
her black uniform, white apron and little mop cap.

"How dare you burst into my office without knocking," Mrs Jarvis
spat fiercely.

The child, in a state of shear panic screamed, "Please, please,
don't send me back to the orphanage," falling at Mrs Jarvis's
feet throwing her arms around her and gripping her tightly.

"I am sorry Miss, but she was dusting when she knocked over and
broke one of a pair of vases. I was bringing her to you when she
struggled out of my grip and ran in here before I could stop
her," Mrs Asher explained.

"What have you to say for yourself child?" Mrs Jarvis asked
abruptly. "Please Miss! It was an accident. I will do anything
but please don't send me back to the orphanage," Polly replied.

"Anything?" Mrs Jarvis asked.

"Yes Miss! Anything," Polly replied.

"Well! Do you think it was an accident Mrs Asher?" Mrs Jarvis
asked.

"I am not sure Miss, but I don't think that she should be sent
back to the orphanage. Perhaps she should be given a special
punishment instead," Mrs Asher suggested, with a knowing smile.

Looking straight into Polly's eyes, Mrs Jarvis said in a sadistic
tone," You are a very clumsy girl and do indeed deserve a special
punishment," bringing fresh tears from the child but she was in
no mood for her pleadings.

"Very well! Take her into the punishment room and prepare her,"
Mrs Jarvis ordered.

"It will be a pleasure Miss," Mrs Asher replied,

Gripping Polly's arm not wanting her to get away again she lifted
the girl's uniform and spanked her bottom and thighs hard for a
good few moments before marching her into the punishment room.

The spy holes in the walls of the punishment room had been
positioned so that viewers could sit in comfort to watch the
action. Bolted to a raised platform in the centre of the floor
was a punishment horse and on a table in the corner of the room
lay many disciplinary implements including three strange looking
leather harnesses.

Lady Marlborough watched excitedly as the child looked nervously
at the punishment horse. It was of a similar design to the ones
at the orphanage, only this one was much wider and in place of
the saddle and stirrups there was a wooden pommel.

Mrs Asher removed Polly's uniform but then took her time to pinch
and spank her nipples, bottom and thighs so that when Mrs Jarvis
entered the room the child was naked and crying at her feet.

Having overseen the punishments of many of Mrs Asher's maids
before and knowing just how exciting it would be, Mrs Jarvis
followed her usual procedure of inserting a stout rubber cock
into her cunt and strapping it in tightly before entering.
Smiling she walked around them, her eyes making them both feel
uncomfortable.

"Mount," Mrs Jarvis ordered.

A ladder had been placed at its side and Mrs Asher assisted Polly
to mount and lie along the horses back attaching her wrists to
rings in the front legs. With her pubis positioned over the
pommel, she drew her thighs wide apart attaching her ankles to
the back legs. A broad leather strap was then placed across the
middle of the child's back to help hold her in position.

Polly's lovely charms were now fully exposed, something that
didn't go unnoticed by Lady Marlborough as she made a mental note
to have her made available the next time the playroom was in use.
"You were very remiss not to control her, weren't you?" Mrs
Jarvis asked softly.

"Yes Miss," Mrs Asher replied.

"Had I been with her ladyship when the child burst into my office
it would have most embarrassing. Perhaps you too should have a
special punishment," Mrs Jarvis suggested with a smile.

"As you wish, Miss," Mrs Asher replied.

"Remove your uniform!" she ordered.

Her uniform removed she hurriedly stood, taking up the pose that
she knew Mrs Jarvis expected, her back straight and her hands
behind her head and her thighs wide apart.

"Now! Put the middle harness on," Mrs Jarvis ordered.

Licking her lips, she went over to the table and picked up the
middle harness, the one that had a long ribbed rubber cock at one
end and a shorter but thicker bulbous head at the other. Then
stepping into the harness she drew it up her thighs, the
thickness of the shorter cock taking her breath away as she
inserted it gingerly into to her cunt.

Mrs Jarvis, aroused by the woman's expression took a firm hold of
it and wriggled it, smiling as Mrs Asher's face flooded with
colour as her excitement soared.

"Now! Fuck her hard, because if you don't, I will cane your
bottom and thighs whenever you ease up, do you understand?" she
whispered, selecting a long flexible cane from the table.

"Yes, Miss," Mrs Asher, replied.

Adjusting the pommel from underneath the horse, Mrs Jarvis set
about lifting the child's pubis forcing her bottom to part as
wide as the restraints would allow. In this position, Mrs Asher's
head was level with the child's bottom and by standing on the
platform; she was able to raise herself up so that she could fuck
the little tart with ease.

Bending over so that her face was within inches of Polly's
genitals, she breathed in the aroma of the child's nervous
sexuality and then slowly kissed and licked her, bringing new
struggles, as the child was slowly aroused. She continued to kiss
and lick between her cunt and anus for a good few moments until
she was close to an orgasm, then without warning closed her teeth
around her engorged clitoris and bit hard.

"No, no, no!" Polly screamed.

Overcome with a desire for release, Lady Marlborough got up and
went to a shelf and retrieved a rubber cock, one that had a base
attached to it and returned to position it on the chair then
gingerly settled herself down on it and continued to enjoy the
entertainment.

Mrs Asher walked round to the front of the horse so that Polly
could further appreciate the design of the ribbed cock and then
returned to stand behind her. Inspecting the ghostly marks left
by her teeth and spankings, she couldn't help thinking how
appealingly they looked set against the child's pale flesh.
Sensing that Mrs Asher was getting aroused before she had even
begun, she lashed out with the cane, wielding it cruelly across
her bottom and thighs in order to bring her back to the task in
hand.

"Now! Fuck her," Mrs Jarvis ordered.

"Yes, Miss," Mrs Asher, replied.

"No, please! I want to change my mind, Miss!" Polly screamed.

"Anything you agreed! Do you want to be sent back to the
orphanage?" Mrs Jarvis spat.

"No please! I am sorry, Miss," Polly, replied.

Their eyes soon feasted on her bright pink cunt as it pouted;
there was a true beauty in its innocence, yet its true beauty
would only glow, once the ribbed cock had properly ravished it.

Placing the head of the rubber cock against the outer lips of
Polly's vagina, Mrs Asher forced it in past her swollen clitoris
and caused the child to scream, which only served to inflame the
passions of her tormentors.

Unhappy with her effort, Mrs Jarvis flicked the cane down across
Mrs Asher's bottom, bringing fresh screams from the child as the
momentum forced the bulbous head in deeper, until the labia
separated and the ribbed cock was forced to its hilt.

"Harder!" Mrs Jarvis ordered.

Standing over them both, Mrs Jarvis breathed in, loving the
anguish and pain that Mrs Asher was causing the child, and loving
the sight of the woman's bottom cheeks clenching as she so
enthusiastically ravished the little tart.

"Stop!" Mrs Jarvis shouted, sensing that they were both about to
have an orgasm and removed the straps and helped the crying child
dismount from the horse.

"Now! Take Polly to Nurse Jenkins and tell her that she is to
apply some of her magic lotion to her bottom, thighs and
genitals. You may need to help restrain her when the magic lotion
takes effect and you  have my permission to discipline her in any
way you deem fit when it does," Mrs Jarvis said with a knowing
smile.

"Thank you, Miss," Mrs Asher, replied.

When Mrs Asher had taken the child away, Mrs Jarvis returned to
her office and Lady Marlborough slipped out through a side
entrance and took a stroll around the lake, before calling in at
the stables to arrange for a carriage to take her to St Agatha's
orphanage later that afternoon.

***

On her return she took breakfast in the morning room before going
to find Jane to invite her to join her on her visit to St
Agatha's that afternoon. Impressed with the way she handled the
twins last night; she wanted her to inspect the little tarts as
they arrive from court and to select a couple of suitable ones to
bring back to Marlborough Hall as future entertainment for her
guests.

Delighted that Jane had accepted her offer she made her way
upstairs to a small room adjacent to the schoolroom. She was
excited at the prospect of seeing her stepdaughter again after
yesterday's ordeals and knew that Miss Walker her governess would
take great pleasure in finding fault with the child regardless of
her condition.

Employed by Lord Marlborough, Miss Walker has a penchant for
little girls and this only came to light when references from her
previous employers spoke about the sexual abuse and excessive
discipline of her former pupils.

Her late husband decided that this was indeed what he wanted to
see and with no affection for her stepdaughter she has since
given Miss Walker the freedom to enjoy the little tart, on the
condition that she only does it whilst she is watching.
Spy holes in the wall give an eye level view of both the far side
of the room where Miss Walker teachers her pupil, but more
intriguingly an uninterrupted view of the punishment horse, which
stands only a few feet away. By visiting at the same time, Miss
Walker not only knows that her mistress is watching, but it gives
her time between the visits to be much more innovative with the
entertainment.

Lady Marlborough made herself comfortable, as she had done on
many occasions before and could see that Hannah, who was dressed
in her sailor suit, was sitting at her desk attempting to solve a
problem that Miss Walker had given her.

"Time!" Miss Walker called.

Walking over to collect the slate from her pupil, it was no
surprise to lady Marlborough to see her indicate to Hannah that
her effort was somewhat lacking. Unaware that Hannah was still in
a delicate state after yesterday's ordeals, she mistook the
child's lack of effort as a sign of her obstinacy and thankfully
decided to teach her a very painful and humiliating lesson.

"You are lazy and need to be taught a lesson," Miss Walker told
her.

At twelve, apart from being at that awkward age, a time when her
body was growing and she got easily excited and needed strict
discipline to calm her down, Hannah had a look of real cuteness
about her and that excited Miss Walker's passions.

"Stand up!" Miss Walker ordered.

Slowly, but with conviction, she lifted her kilt and took her
time to fondle her bottom and thighs, before turning her around
to fondle her delicious little cunt. Pleased to see evidence of
recent sexual abuse she knew that what she had in mind for the
little tart would only be more of the same, only this time, it
would be carried out under the pretext of teaching her a lesson.

Miss Walker was on fire; her cunt starting to moisten as she
fondled Hannah's delicious little body, safe in the knowledge
that whatever she did to the child nobody was going to stop her.

"Are you ready to learn your lesson?" Miss Walker asked.

"Yes Miss," Hannah replied nervously.

"Undress!" Miss Walker ordered.

Hannah obeyed and in a matter of seconds her uniform had been
removed leaving her naked and standing as she had been taught by
Miss Walker with her hands on her head and her thighs wide apart.

"Now! Over my knee," Miss Walker demanded.

Hannah was familiar with this position. She had been spanked on
many occasions like this and meekly obeyed; unaware of just how
exciting she looked.

Miss Walker felt the excitement building as she slid her hands
over the child's small and slender waist and settled on her
lovely young bottom, nicely round and firm, and so much more
alluring now it was presented to her to be so cruelly spanked.

Her heart thudding with pleasure, Miss Walker began to spank,
then slowly picking up the pace in her eagerness to hear the
little tart scream. Soon Hannah was writhing, screaming and
kicking her thighs wide apart after each slap, her lily-white
bottom taking on a whole new glow as the cheeks part erotically.

Soon her hand grew sore and she stopped. She drew the child erect
and smiled into her tear stained face, crooning lovingly to the
poor girl as she massaged her sore bottom. Massaging her pupil
like this gave her the chance to take her time to feel her smooth
skin, her budding breasts, her smooth pubis and the dark recesses
of her anal crease.

"You are lazy!" Miss Walker whispered, standing up so she could
pull the child towards the wooden punishment horse. Hannah began
to cry and struggle, not quite stopping herself from being pulled
towards the horse, but she did try to resist.

Miss Walker loved the sheer nerve of the child and made her stand
at the side of the horse ready to mount. Soon her widely parted
bottom and genitals would feel the kiss of the martinet, the
implement she planned to use on her already sensitive skin.

A rack of implements stood along the far wall of the schoolroom,
all sorts made of leather, wood and bamboo. Each one brought dark
ideas to her cruel mind, ideas that would only bring pain and
humiliation to her little pupil.

"Do you want the chance to lessen your punishment?" Miss Walker
enquired.

"Yes please, Miss," Hannah said with a hint of hope.

"In that case you will have to masturbate, do you understand?"
Miss Walker told her.

"Yes Miss," Hannah replied hesitantly.

"Do you want to do it yourself, or do you want me to do it for
you? Miss Walker asked with a rye smile.

"I will do it myself Miss," Hannah replied.

"Very well! But I will be watching closely and if you do not show
enough effort, you will be severely punished, do you understand?"
Miss Walker explained.

"Yes Miss," Hannah replied.

Starting to cry, she shuffled her feet apart and placed her
fingers to the fleshy folds of her little cunt in the way she
sometimes did when she thought nobody was watching.

"Oh yes," Miss Walker gasped, a rush of excitement sweeping over
her.

"Push those fingers in further," Miss Walker panted, breathless
with desire.

Hannah obeyed, anything to lessen the punishment, wincing as a
nail caught her tender little nubbin.

"Move your thighs further apart!" Miss Walker ordered.

Hannah did as she was ordered, whimpering as her muscles
complained.

Panting with the effort of trying to do too many things at the
same time and whimpering at the threat of the promised severe
punishment she lost her balance and fell in a heap on the floor.

"You lazy little tart! You didn't try hard enough, did you?" Miss
Walker said, calming the heat in her loins and denying herself
the release that she craved.

"Please Miss! I couldn't help it," Hannah screamed.

"Mount the horse! Miss Walker ordered.

Helping Hannah to mount, she decided to leave her wrists
unattached so that she could continue to masturbate and placed
her feet in the stirrups. Satisfied that she was suitably
mounted, she walked around the horse enjoying the view between
the child's widely parted thighs and hardly listening to herself,
took a firmer grip on the leather martinet whip she had selected.

"Masturbate!" Miss Walker ordered.

Sweeping the martinet down in a long arc that was brought up
short by the impact on Hannah's bottom, she inhaled as Hannah
wailed, her eyes bright as she squirmed astride the leather
saddle, her little fingers frantically rubbing her pink cunt and
flattening her rounded vulva as she fought to minimize the
soaring pain sweeping through her bottom.

Licking her lips, Miss Walker swung the martinet again, listening
and watching the little tart scream and cry, jerk and squirm,
then swung it again, and again. After every sharp landing, she
admired the new bright lines it had made, and how much brighter
the flesh was where the lines crossed, and in particular how
urgently the little tart was masturbating herself, even as she
cried, sobbed and squirmed in pain.

"Enjoying yourself, aren't you?" Miss Walker said, spitefully
aiming to cross as many previous whip marks as possible to feel
the surge of pleasure as Hannah rode the horse, squealing and
masturbating herself frantically in order to absorb the lancing
pain.

"You're loving it, aren't you?" Miss Walker enquired.

"Yes Miss," Hannah murmured, her eyes starting to glaze over.

"In that case you deserve to be punished even harder," Miss
Walker told her, her hand shaking as she reached for a studded
strap and admired its craftsmanship.

The supple leather strap was covered with rubber spikes, none
looking exceptionally wicked in themselves, but as a whole, it
would bite in, score and mark and would be deliciously painful
for her young pupil.

Hannah looked lovely as she looked over her shoulder at the
implement that her governess had selected. Her expression showed
that she knew from experience how painful the spikes could be and
how easily the strap could be whipped in to land between her
widely parted bottom.

With a feral grin, Miss Walker raised the strap and swung it down
to land painfully across her little bottom causing the child to
squeal and thrash about. Before the child had a chance to settle,
a second one had landed, distorting her bottom and leaving
puncture marks that started to swell.

Hannah screamed through her tears and frantically lifted herself
up in the stirrups her fingers violently stimulating her clitoris
in an attempt to escape the fire that was building in her little
bottom.

Miss Walker fondled her pupil's bottom, her breath shortening as
she felt the indents left by the spikes. Putting down the strap
she then pulled the child's bottom apart, sobbing with delight as
she gazed at her cunt and anus. Both were quite deliciously
exposed, one quickly clenching and knotting in worry while the
other pouted and gleamed, burning hot when they were touched.

"So, you like it do you?" Miss Walker breathed, wetting herself
with her excitement, shaking on her legs as she suffered one
orgasm after another.

"No, no, no!" Hannah screamed.

Miss Walker reached for the restraints that hung from the wooden
legs of the horse and took her time to fasten and tighten them,
her breath quickening as she positioned the little tart just how
she wanted with the child's thighs widely parted and an
interrupted view of her cunt and anus for her stepmother to
enjoy.

"Please Miss, I'll try harder, I promise I will," Hannah pleaded
as her hands were forcibly removed from her cunt and fastened low
down to the front legs of the horse.

"You are nothing but a little tart," Miss Walker told her pupil.

There was only one way to teach little tarts like Hannah a
meaningful lesson, Miss Walker thought, rising to stretch for the
highest of the implements hanging on the rack; a willow cane some
three feet long and only a quarter of an inch thick.

Miss Walker had no intention of using it on her bottom. Hannah
had shown herself quite capable of taking punishment on her
bottom. No, Miss walker intended to use the cane where it was
going to hurt her the most, on her cunt and anus.

"Right!" Miss Walker exclaimed.

Cane in hand, she measured it along the child's bottom crease and
then whipped it down across her tender clitoris. Hannah shook her
head and screamed, begging her mistress not to hurt her any more
while tears dripped freely from her face.

"Please, please!" Hannah screamed, her voice rising as she felt
the cold touch of the slender cane being measured again.

Miss Walker waited until Hannah's scream rose to its peek, and
then brought the cane down, making it whistle as it sped through
the air to land this time on her anus. The resulting scream
thrilled her and she shook with pleasure, drinking in the sight
of the child as she thrashed against her bonds.

Kneeling behind the little tart, she placed her face between the
pale bottom cheeks and licked. Slipping her fingers between her
own thighs she spread the slippery wetness seeping from her.
Hannah's efforts to escape soon ebbed away and she lay there
accepting the tongue as it soothed her inflamed genitals.

"Two more," Miss Walker announced.

Oh Please! Please no more, Miss," Hannah, begged, her trembling
and crying returning.

"Two more," Miss Walker repeated, rising and positioning herself,
her cunt now gaping between her thighs as she laid the cane down
between the crease of her pupils bottom.

Hannah began to cry again and her body tighten as the cane rose.
When it did strike however, it was on her inflamed clitoris again
and her screams soon reached a new crescendo, echoing around the
schoolroom.

Miss Walker didn't feel any pain as she dropped to her knees. She
was flooding into her hands, spilling her delight before her
mouth had a chance to reach her pupils burning clitoris. When it
did, she felt the swollen line that the cane had created and
sobbed ecstatically.

"No! Please don't Miss," Hannah, mumbled, weeping uncontrollably
as a mixture of pain and pleasure surged through her genitals,
causing her to writhe frantically on the slippery surface of the
polished leather saddle.

Her mistress's tongue had left her and she cried even louder,
knowing what was to come. The cold tip of the cane became oddly
pleasant that is until she recalled the pain it would bring. Miss
Walker's aim was perfect; the cane sliced down between Hannah's
lovely bottom bringing frantic screams that satisfied both her
governess and her stepmother.

"Now! You lazy little tart, have you learnt your lesson?" Miss
Walker asked.

"Yes Miss. Please no more," Hannah begged.

Miss Walker decided to humiliate the child even further knowing
that her stepmother would be expecting to be entertained.

"I am not convinced that you have young lady," Miss Walker told
her.

"Please Miss! I have, I promise," Hannah said.

"Very well then! You have a choice. Two more strokes of the cane
in the same way as before, or to do a penance," Miss Walker
announced.

"Please Miss! I will do a penance," Hannah replied.

Hannah knew from her limited experience that doing a penance
would be a lot less painful than being caned. However, Miss
Walker knew from her extensive experience that she would choose
to do a penance rather than being caned and decided to introduce
her pupil to something new, in the hope that her reaction would
be entertaining.

"Now! If you accept the penance you will have to be blindfolded,
do you understand," Miss Walker explained.

"Yes Miss," Hannah, replied.

"Are you ready?" Miss Walker asked, walking over to a table in
the corner of the schoolroom and returning with a curious looking
brown paper parcel and the blindfold.

"Yes, Miss!" Hannah replied, her voice starting to falter, her
eyes fixed on the brown paper parcel rather than the blindfold,
which she had been made to wear many times before.

Putting the parcel down, Miss Walker placed the blindfold over
her pupil's eyes and walked around to the rear of the punishment
horse and opened the parcel.

Lady Marlborough had watched her stepdaughter doing a penance on
many occasions, but what made this time so intriguing was the way
in which Miss Walker carefully handled the contents of the
parcel, giving her an indication of the entertainment to come.

The first sensation Hannah felt was that of total relaxation as
her mistress took her time to massage her bottom, thighs,
genitals and budding breasts.

The second sensation was that of pleasure as her nipples; cunt
and anus were being pinched and masturbated which causing her to
writhe frantically astride the saddle.

The third sensation was neither here nor there as her lovely pale
skin was slowly caressed with what felt like gloved hands,
sending shivers up and down her spine.

Then a fierce burning irrupted within her as the nettles took
effect and she started to scream and frantically writhe astride
the saddle causing her to become excited and masturbate
frantically in the hope of some relief.

"Your enjoying your penance, aren't you?" Miss Walker whispered.

"No, Miss!" Hannah screamed.

Satisfied that she had learnt her lesson, Miss Walker returned to
her desk leaving the child attached to the horse. Opening the lid
of her desk she retrieved two rubber cocks, one, which was four
inches long, and another about two inches long that were fitted
with a screw base.

Taking them over to her pupil's desk she screwed them both into
the seat, the larger at the front and the smaller at the back and
then adjusted the desk, so that when Hannah sat down her feet
would not quite reach the floor.

After marking her pupil's work she returned to the horse and
helped Hannah dismount and leaving the blindfold in place led her
over to her desk.

"Sit!" Miss Walker ordered.

Hannah screamed when she felt the rubber cocks but her mistress
just took a hold of her shoulders and forced her to impale
herself on the cocks one in her cunt and one in her anus and
placed a bench under her feet to transfer her weight more fully
onto her tortured bottom.

It was only then that Miss Walker removed the blindfold so that
the little tart could once again adjust to the reality of
predicament.

"Now young lady! You will remain at your desk until it is time
for lunch, do you understand?" her governess explained.

"Yes, Miss," Hannah, replied desperate to avoid earning any
further punishment.

Sated and satisfied, Lady Marlborough left the room and made her
way back to her quarters to reflect on the entertainments of the
morning and to plan her visit to St Agatha's later that
afternoon.  
