Title: ORF III: Sanitarium
Author: bobwhite
Summary: Xavier fixes a horribly altered woman and gives her a
parting gift.
Keywords: MF FF mc

ORF Chapter III: Sanitarium
by Bobwhite

                          * * * * * * * * * *

Jim is the sort of Orfer who simply doesn't understand why I'm even
allowed in the group. To him, every single act of outright debauchery
and corruption--no matter how temporary--is something to be
discouraged. Of course, I think it has more to do with what you have
to work with on a day-in, day-out basis. I deal with sex crimes -
really strange, really sexy, sex crimes. He deals with politics,
keeping would-be Hitlers or worse from rising to power. Despite our
differences, I know he's just as powerful as I am. I don't know how
many times he's kept an uppity congressman from literally taking over
the world.

So, after I used a waitress in the restroom while we waited for our
hot wings, he gave me the assignment: an involuntary metamorphic
nymphomaniac. A metamorphic nymphomaniac is a person (usually female)
who, in response to certain stimuli, will morph into something to be
used sexually by anyone nearby (or a specific person, etc.). The
"involuntary" part means that the person changes without any control.
I still remember the words he said that day: "This one's yours, Mr.
X." He calls me Mr. X because my name is Xavier. Apparently, many mind
controllers are named Xavier, but I digress...

Once I worked my way into Samford Sanitarium (yes, it is still
actually called a Sanitarium), I started looking for the affected
person. It was pretty hush-hush; apparently, the authorities had been
looking into her condition and there was discussion of calling the
CDC--which would get the Feds involved, and nobody wants that. Jim has
enough headaches. So secret was this patient that even probing the
minds of random workers didn't work; I just happened to walk by her
room and caught her confused thoughts. She was also aware of the
changes and her actions, I discovered, but found them disgusting at
best. Some of the changes she found horrifying. Her mind was frantic
and she paid more attention to her actions during her transformations
than to what was happening to her body, so I needed some test
subjects.

Thankfully, the four guards just inside the door (wearing Hazardous
Materials suits) would do just fine. I have one of the two female
guards (the gay one) lock the door, and examine the patient, Selena
Scribner. My mind came back to the HazMat suits worn by the guards as
I wondered what could trigger the change besides me using my powers
when it hit me--it must be touch-activated.

On the bed was Selena. She was unrestrained, and a picture of beauty.
To my amazement, her tits were real--not helped out by any controller-
-and only mild body sculpting and toning, and hair removal below the
waist (save for a heart-shaped pubic mound of blue hair) had been done
to her. Shame, she was a natural beauty. She had dark brown, almost
black, eyes and black hair. Her skin tone was also a bit tanned.

All files pertaining to this woman were in this room, and upon
examination, I found that the woman has two teenage sons and a
husband; I found from her case file that she has apparently molested
both of her kids orally, and even her own mother. They all denied this
happening and passed a lie detector test (no doubt, an automatic
telepathic command sent out by the victim after the act), but a baby-
sitter camera installed picked up the action. After a doctor, also
under video surveillance, examined her (and got a great blow job
captured on tape), the FBI took control of the situation and put her
here. They were coming back in a few days to examine her closely and
have left the cops in charge of her safety with orders not to
physically touch her.  That meant I had to call Jim.

With the call out of the way, I decided to start testing. I had male
guard #1 take a glove off and touch Selena on the arm. Instantly, her
(probably C-cup) tits grew to DD's, her eyes turned green, her hair
grew from shoulder-length to down to her ass, and she ripped his pants
off. He didn't protest; his brain had just been told by the "program"
in her brain to enjoy the ride and forget what happens after she's
done.

On her knees in front of him, she quickly put his now erect manhood
into her mouth and deep throated it. Reaching around to probe his
browneye, she moved her head up and down on his pole, scratching the
now red fingernails on her other hand into his chest. She moved faster
and faster, and when he was about to come, put a finger up his ass. He
blew his load down her throat and she swallowed it all. He quickly
washed up in the nearby bathroom. When he returned, he had his gloves
on again and had forgotten what happened. Selena was back to normal,
knowing what had happened but not processing the reality of it.

I scanned him and discovered that Selena's body changed into the form
of his most dirty fantasy girl. And, when she was done, she changed
back. It seems that she changes into a fantasy girl, gives oral sex,
and changes back, both parties forgetting what happened.

The other male guard got a similar treatment, without the ass-play,
but including a titty-fuck and a huge cumshot all over her small,
perky tits.  The lesbian of the group was next, and upon contact,
Selena became an apparently 18-year old hyper-slut with blue eyes.
When the guard was out of her clothes, she straddled Selena's face and
ground her dripping pussy all over Selena's mouth.  Selena was
fingering the guard's asshole pretty soon, and that prompted the cop
to drop her face to Selena's crotch, which was covered only by a
hospital gown that was soon moved aside.  At that point, I noticed
something nice: Selena's tongue was 7" long out of her mouth, and she
was using it as a dildo.  It wasn't not too long before this guard had
her own orgasm, drenching Selena's fact and upper gown.  That bit
surprised the guard, too, and when I did a quick check, I found that
she was now a squirter.  That was odd.

I was honestly curious to see what would happen when the heterosexual
female guard touched her. The guard was straight as an arrow, so to
see if they would default to leabian action, I had the straight guard
kiss Selena on the pussy. The guard found the entire journey from the
door to the crotch of the woman on the bed rather difficult; she knew
she was about to lick a pussy and she somehow could not stop her
movements. When it happened, she was disgusted, but that changed when
she looked up. Selena was still a woman as evidenced by her (now)
clean-shaven slit and (now) A-cup tits, but was more muscular and
downright masculine. When she opened her mouth, an erect dick popped
out. Yep, whoever did this is kind of sick, but does think of
everybody. When the guard was naked and on the bed, Selena moved so
that she was between the guard's spread legs and used her 10-inch
tongue-cock to fuck the married mother of four into the greatest
orgasm of her life.

A few minutes later, the cop got on her hands and knees and shoved her
ass high in the air. Selena stood up and fucked her in the ass with
her mouth-prick until she came again, all the while rubbing her own
clit with one hand and the guard's clit with the other. It required
some good balancing skill; I doubt I could have done it without some
kind of harness attached to the ceiling. Once a shot was fired in the
guard's ass, she went to the bathroom with a blank look and came out
again, cleaned up and dressed, and also with a little program in her
mind to cheat on her husband at every opportunity. I fixed that
quickly, and removed the alterations to the other guards, leaving the
squirting lesbian's "gift" intact.

Well, it was time to fix the broken woman. First, I put her to sleep,
and then removed the automatic programming and morphing. I summoned
some power and removed the incest and subsequent arrest and hospital
from her active memory and slid in a new memory of a nice vacation at
home, which explained her 1-month absence from work. By using some
extra power, anyone involved with the incest and arrest--the kids, the
husband, the cops, etc.--also lost all knowledge of it. Jim would make
sure the records were destroyed. With the major work done, I "re-
booted" her brain, and she woke up.

"Thank you! I have no idea what's happening, but you helped me, didn't
you? That guy made me do horrible things with my mouth... and my mouth
was like a pussy sometimes... and a dick... what the fuck, my tits
would grow and my hair and... and..." she was clearly confused.

"Yep. I helped you, free of charge, too. The guy who did this to you
was captured last week and, well, he won't be fucking anyone in any
way any time soon!" That made me laugh, but I stopped quickly--she
didn't think this was a laughing matter. Also, she made a couple of
requests to me, once she understood my power to repair her. I was
happy to comply.

Later, at home...

"Hi honey!" Selena said to her husband, Tim, who was just pulling in
at 10:00 pm. The kids were already asleep, and she was calling from
her bedroom.

"Hey, babe. Sorry I'm late..." was all he got out before he stopped
speaking.  He had noticed that she, in her naked splendor, was
standing before him.  She had apparently shaved all her body hair and
was kneading her tits, her new, larger tits.  They were noticeably
larger, as were the nipples. He dropped his briefcase and walked
towards her, at which point she stopped him with her hand. Then she
clapped her hands once. Although the sight of her naked always makes
him horny, as soon as he heard the hand clap, his horniness increased
100 fold and was focused on her. He wanted her now. He NEEDED her.

"Wait till you see this." She concentrated, and, right in front of
him, transformed into Sheri, her husband's ditzy but slender and very
pretty secretary.  However, this was Sheri with bigger tits.  "Oh, so
that's who you were thinking about?  Well, let's see what we can do
with you.  It seems you are having very naughty thoughts about your
secretary, and we can't have that."

"Selena? Is that you? But how did you know... and how did your
tits..." he stammered before his brain accepted her morphing ability
as normal.

Ignoring him, in a high-pitched voice, Selena/Sheri asked, "Do you
want me to take a letter?" At that, she dropped to her knees and
unbuckled his belt. She kneaded his cock through his underwear, and
slowly pulled the garment down to his ankles. He stepped out of his
shoes, socks, pants, and boxers, and threw his shirt on the couch. She
urged him down to the floor, and placing him on his back, she sat on
his face. He instantly knew what to do, and as his tongue probed her
clit and his fingers fucked her pussy and asshole, she blew him
slowly. She repeatedly brought him to the brink, but she wouldn't let
him cum.

After several minutes of this torture, during which she had four
orgasms and he had none, she laid back on the floor. He needed to
finish, and began to plow into her, missionary-style. He thrusted
faster than he ever had before, and slapped her tits and bit her neck,
but even though she came a few more times, after 20 minutes, he hasn't
come yet. Somehow, he didn't notice that he was not tired at all when
he should be exhausted. Then, he tried another avenue: he flipped her
to her hands and knees and entered her asshole.

Selena/Sheri reached down with one hand and fucks her pussy with 4
fingers while Tim reamed her ass with his well-lubed prick. After
another 20 minutes of this, though, he still hadn't come, but this
time Selena slammed him down to the floor and straddled him, wrapping
her pink netherlips around his thick member. She pounded into him,
bringing him to a point where he thought his heart might just explode,
and then stopped, sinking down hard on his cock.

"Ask for it. ASK ME TO LET YOU CUM IN MY HOT CUNT, BOSS!" She
squeeked, just like Sheri did in his fantasies when he'd been whacking
off in the bathroom. "FUCKING ASK ME!!!!!" She said again, still not
moving, but keeping him right at the brink with her new "gift" to
control the orgasm of whoever she has sex with.

"LET ME CUM OH PLEASE LET ME CUM I NEED IT OH OH OH OHHHHHHHH MY
FUCKING GODDDDDDDD!" he screamed as she clenched her pussy hard around
his cock--another gift--causing him to shoot his seed well into her.

"Thankfully, the all the bedrooms are soundproof," she informed him
when he nervously waited for the kids to ask what's going on. "The
same friend who gave me the gift to be your fantasy also did that when
he came over today to help me move back in." His mind was a haze, so
he didn't really pick up on that. "But it's best not to think about
how," she said, and he simply agreed, and off to bed they went, tired
as hell.

When he woke up to get ready for work the next day, he saw her back to
normal. He asked her if she could do it again, and she just said,
"Anytime, anyone." Suddenly, married life looked better for Mr. and
Mrs. Scribner. As soon as he was gone, Selena called her good friend
Jessica, who lived next door, and invited her over. She was a cutie
and openly bi (much to the dismay of some of the other neighbors).
Jessica was just wondering what Selena wanted when Selena opened the
door and invited her in.

After she served Jess some ice tea, Selena quietly snuck up behind her
and clapped her hands. As Jess began to disrobe and openly masturbate
to mental images of her former girlfriend Blanca, a high-class
stripper (if that's not an oxy-moron) with E-cup titties and nipples
one inch long and as big around as her pinky. When she realized what
she was doing, she turned around to see a glorious Hispanic wet dream
of a creature behind her who looked a lot like...

Well, you know the rest. I had more work to do, and when Selena was
done, she'd get to choose her third temporary thrall. You see, as a
sort-of apology for what she had gone through at the hands of a
powerful controller, I gave her the limited ability to somewhat
control three people of her choice--she can morph her body to a form
most pleasing (down to every detail of a person's imagination) to one
of these people, even though she can't directly read their minds. She
also leaves small telepathic commands with them to keep the
arrangement secret, and she understands she can't go around breaking
up families. She can only control their level of horniness and
orgasms, though; but that's enough when you look like a wet dream.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

(c) 2002, bobwhite.  All rights reserved.  All wrongs also reserved.