Mom has a new kind of orgasm.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Perry, Chapter 3 (MF, cons, parody, ScFi)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Ed went onto the internet as soon as he got home, trying to see if he could find anything about blue alien penis parasites, but the only thing close was some anime series where they spelled parasite wrong. After heading to the bathroom to take a leak, which was definitely an interesting experience with his new, larger dong, he went to do his afternoon chores, which included getting the cows back into the barn.

*Ah, look at that absolute unit!* Perry exclaimed as Ed watched the last of the cows enter the building.

"The...cow?"

*She may be overweight, Ed, but there's no need for insults! Let's get on in there!*

Suddenly Ed felt his cock rise. "No! Hell no, Perry! She is an actual cow...I'm not calling her names; we're different species!"

Perry started to wilt. *Oh...interspecies mating's no good either? You people are so repressed! What's next? No same-gender sex?*

"Well, not for me, anyway..."

*Oh, come on! Fine...if there are no 'appropriate' partners to fuck nearby tonight, what's on the agenda for tomorrow?*

"School."

---

At dinner, Ed's mother kept glancing at her son, looking uncomfortable, but her husband Bob didn't notice. Ed did, but kept his mouth shut. He also noticed that his attraction to her had waned, other than the occasional glance at her cleavage when his mind started to wander.

---

That night, as he undressed for bed, he took a closer look at his new penis. "So you're fully a part of my body now?" he asked Perry.

*We are one, Ed! Trying to remove me would feel like trying to tear your own penis off, in case you were thinking of doing something stupid.*

Ed took hold of Perry, impressed at the alien penis' length and girth. After losing the genetic lottery with his less than 5 incher, this was quite an upgrade, despite it being pale blue. He started to stroke it, which felt good, but it didn't get hard like his own cock would when he masturbated.

*Hey, Ed...you don't have to jerk off anymore, man,* Perry told him. *Remember, women like me...we'll have some fun at school tomorrow.*

Ed's mind flashed to Charisma, the sexy blonde cheerleader he had dreamed of the night that Perry had come into his life. "Hmm..."

*That's the spirit, Ed!*

---

That night, Mrs. Eve Doughtry fidgeted as she lay next to her husband in the dark. She was incredibly horny! That morning with her son had been so strange, with her suddenly overcome with lust for his penis. Had there been something odd about it? The memory of it was fuzzy. She shook her head. Why was she thinking about her son's penis when her husband's was right there?

She reached under the blanket and grasped his member. He was asleep, so it was, of course, flaccid. She stroked it, and smiled as it filled with blood.

Once he was mostly hard, he began to stir. "Eve? What're you..."

"Shh!" she shushed him, and threw the blanket off to climb astride him, cowgirl style, much as she had her son that very morning. With her incredibly wet pussy, she was easily able to slip her husband's average-sized cock inside her. "Mmm..." she moaned as she bottomed out on him, acutely aware that his member didn't fill her as well as her son's did. To compensate, she ground her clit into his pelvis and gasped. It was really sensitive tonight!

Bob tried to thrust up at his wife to get her to move, but she continued to grind. That wasn't doing much for him, but he could hear her excitement mounting, so he waited patiently. Soon she was moving faster upon him, slipping up and down his shaft a little as her movements became more energetic.

Eve felt something rising within her, something that she'd never felt before, centered on her clit. She needed more stimulation...more...she ground it harder into her husband's pelvis.

Then she cried out and Bob felt something warm splash up his stomach. "What--?"

"H-aah! Ohh!" she gasped after experiencing the most powerful orgasm she'd ever had.

"Honey? Did you squirt?"

She pulled off of him. "Ohh...squirt?" She reached forward and felt her cum on his stomach. "Oh! I guess I did. Here..." She reached over and grabbed the box of tissues.

As Bob cleaned his stomach, she got to her hands and knees next to him. "C'mon, Bob, take me from behind."

He put the box back on the side table and moved behind her. "What's gotten into you?"

"This," she answered as she reached back and pulled his hard, average-sized member into her soaking wet pussy again. "Yesss..."

Bob thrust into his voluptuous wife hard and fast, eager for his own release. He found that she was incredibly wet, which made her feel almost loose, not realizing that his own son's new cock had stretched her out that morning.

Eve reached between her legs and easily found her clit, it was so engorged. It had never been so prominent before. She was able to take it between two fingers and stroke it a little, like a tiny penis. It felt incredible. She rubbed her fingers in circles around it and felt another of those incredible orgasms approaching. "Ohh..."

Bob felt his wife's vagina tightening up as he thrust. Pleased that he could make his wife cum again, he started giving her long strokes, pulling almost all the way out before thrusting entirely back in, hard. He was going to cum soon too. It was times like this that he was glad that he'd gotten a vasectomy, so that he could fuck his wife without fear of her getting knocked up again, like she had in her last year of high school.

"UNHH!" Eve cried out, and her pussy squeezed her husband's cock, setting him off. As he blasted his hot semen inside his wife, another torrent of her own cum splashed onto the bed sheets beneath her. "Ohh! Bobbb..." Finally, she collapsed forward and his dripping cock slipped free.

"Woo!" Bob huffed as he lay next to his satisfied wife. "Dunno what got you so horny, but I ain't complainin'!" His southern twang seemed to come out when he was tired or excited. "I need sleep, though, darlin'...love you."

"Love youuu..." she moaned as she fell asleep as well, in a cooling pool of her own cum, her clit feeling strangely tingly.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)