Spanked by my aunt.
One of my aunt's is only 2 years older than me and all the boys fancied her, we even went to the same the school. When I was around 13-14 she would look after my younger sister and me when my parents went out for the evening and it was on one of these occasions that she gave me a spanking.
It was late and me and my sister were ment to be in bed and my aunt was downstairs watching TV, I went into the bathroom and was playing with myself when the door opened (we didn't have a lock on the bathroom door).
I quickly pulled up my pajama bottoms and went to go back to my room.
My aunt said "what was you doing?"
Embarrassed I replied "nothing"
She said "then why did you have your bottoms down? I bet you was playing with yourself!"
I said "I didn't have them down and I wasn't"
She said "don't lie to me I saw your bum as you pulled them up. I think maybe I should spank you"
I replied "no please don't"
She then told me to go downstairs and wait for her.
I went downstairs and waited the thought that my aunt had glimpsed my bum was giving me an erection. She came in and sat down and said "ok get over my knee so I can teach you not to play with yourself"
I did as she asked pleading for her not to spank me but she just put her arm on my back and started to spank me.
After around 15 spanks she said "I think it might be better if I did this on your bare bum!"
I pleaded "no please don't, I'm sorry"
She replied "what's wrong I've already seen your bum" and with that she pulled down my pajama bottoms exposing my bare bum.
She spanked me some more then she told me to stand up.
I stood up and she said "I want you to take off your pajamas and then go get me a slipper"
I did as she asked stripping naked then found a slipper and returned.
"Now get back over my knee"
I did and she gave me 25 slaps with the slipper before saying I could put my pajamas back on and go to bed.
The next day I was down by the river with a couple of girls from school and saw my aunt with some of her friends.
They came over and my aunt said "how's your bum" and laughed "you know I had to babysit last night well I had to spank him"
One of her friends laughed and said "what did you spank him for?"
She said "why don't you tell them"
I said "no" and went to walk away
"I caught him playing with himself" was my aunt's reply
One of the girls I was with said "did she really?I said "no"
With that my aunt pulled down my trousers and underwear exposing my still bruised bare bum to everyone and said "don't lie!" And then she slapped my bum again but I was kind of enjoying having my bum exposed.
One of my aunt's friends said "why don't you spank him again for lying. Hardly anyone comes down here"
I had often wondered what it would feel like if my female school friends saw me naked and was already getting hard knowing they could see my bare bum.
My aunt said "I think your right"
She made me bend over a tree and started to spank me in front of mine and her friends on my bare bum after a few slaps her friend said "why don't you embarrass him more by spanking him naked?"
She agreed so I was going to find out how it felt to be naked in front of my friends as I nervously I took off my clothes and placed them on the tree, before bending back over the tree and getting spanked some more.
One of the girls then broke a small twig from a tree and gave it to my aunt and said "use that to whip him"
She gave me 5 strokes with the twig on my bare bum which really hurt then said "I think you have had enough now you can stand up" I stood up but by now had a full erection.
One of the older girls said "it seems a shame to waste that" pointing to my hard cock "I like playing with young dicks" and she wanted me off in front of everyone.
My friends watched as I shot my load on the ground then my aunt and the older girls left laughing.
I was still naked and my friends said "your bum must be so sore can we have another look now there gone?"
So I bent over to give them a good look at my bare bum then one said "can I touch your dick?"
I stood back up and she grabbed hold of my cock which still had cum dripping from it, then she said "I'll show you my bum if you want"
I just said "ok" and she pulled down her knickers then bent over and pulled her skirt up so I could see her bare bum then she said "ok we had better go hope your bum stops hurting soon"



