Title: Winners are Losers
Author: bobwhite
Summary: This, the bobwhite entry in Wiseguy's Mind Control Academy
Challenge, focuses on a high-school relationship that, thanks to a
bitchy snob, opens up a new world of possibilities for all the ladies
involved. Enjoy!
Keywords: ff, mff, mc

Winners Are Losers
by bobwhite

                          * * * * * * * * * *

Author's note: This, the bobwhite entry in Wiseguy's Mind Control
Academy Challenge, focuses on a high-school relationship that, thanks
to a bitchy snob, opens up a new world of possibilities for all the
ladies involved. Enjoy!

                          * * * * * * * * * *

Coach Engelke was anxious to see how this month's little tournament
would turn out. Whoever won would get to skip the upcoming mid-term
exam in one of his or her subjects, and 18 students signed up this
month. That meant he had to come up with a way to make some kind of
bracket system that he thought was fair - and he hated giving byes,
so that was out of the question.

In the end, he decided to have the first round feature six groups of
three students, with two advancing. He would then re-arrange
(randomly) the students into four new, three-student groups. Only one
from each group would advance that time, and that would produce the
quarterfinalists.

"OK, let me have... Bryon Jurgenson, Tarra Athearn, and Leena Penez
in this triangle," the coach shouted before moving on to the next
(and final) triangle.

Leena almost ran to her corner, and her full breasts giggled as she
went; she knew she pretty much had this one in the bag. She was
easily the most powerful telepath in the contest - or so she thought.
Her superiority complex was inflated further by the fact that she had
money. Old money, as it is called. Her victory in almost any contest
was, to her, as sure a fact as her name being put on the still-under-
construction library wing for which her parents were paying.

Drawing her long, straight, red hair into a pony tail to keep it out
of the way, she waited for her two competitors to arrive.

Byron possessed an extremely powerful mind, but since he was pretty
much a slacker, he preferred to coast through classes with barely-
passing marks to actually trying to get good grades. The way he
figured it, he was powerful enough to feel justified being aloof of
concerns like grades or competition. If he hadn't lost a bet to
another Psi House brother, he wouldn't even have been in the contest
in the first place.

Shrugging his shoulders when his name was called, the blonde, blue-
eyed student went to his corner. Bryon and Leena shared several
classes, and were known to despise each other. It didn't even matter
to Bryon that Leena was a rather powerful telepath - she still acted
like she was better than everybody else, and that alone really
bothered him (and most of the other students).

Tarra was much more competitive than Bryon. She had to make do with
her noticeably less-powerful abilities. She could still hold her own,
though, when it came to competitions with more talented students.
Straightening her uniform over her slim, athletic body, she waited
for the coach to give her a ball.

Each of the contestants was handed a 10-pound medicine ball. It was
soft and light enough to not crush a foot when dropped, but it was
heavy enough to require some concentration to hold.

Leena could not have been more thrilled to be pitted against these
two in the first round. 'Which should I take out first, the slacker
or the wimp?' she asked herself. Seeing as how she had no respect for
Tarra but outright hated Bryon, she decided that, in this first
round, he would leave.

When the whistle blew, the room began to almost buzz with mental
energy, as each student in every triangle tried like hell to get the
others to drop their balls. In Bryon's corner, the initial shock was
quite surprising. Concentrating to remain in control, he was the
first (and only) person to actually speak out loud.

"Damn! If I didn't know better, I'd say you were trying to defeat me!"

The phrase drew a few chuckles, but the students who laughed lost
their concentration and dropped their respective balls. That got the
coach's attention, and he scrawled something in his notebook. Leena
knew it was something in Bryon's favor, and decided that this round
had to end - now.

'Team up with me and get this freak outta here. I can make it worth
your while,' she projected at Tarra. She had to hide the message
cleverly, and knew she'd have to wait for a response - these kinds of
covert mental notes were one-way.

Unfortunately for Leena, this was the wrong thing to say to Tarra,
who was actually good friends with Bryon. They both grew up near St.
Louis. And, once they met on campus, they became more than just
"friends." Quickly, she sent a message to Bryon, who seemed to be
doing nothing more than maintaining control while sending out half-
hearted attacks.

'She wants me to team up with her to take you down. Remember what we
talked about last night? Want to give it a try, but with a little...
trust fund baby?'

Bryon's only response was a lifted eyebrow. Not knowing that Tarra
had already decided to betray her, Leena took it as a sign of
arrogance and intensified her attack. Bryon waited till he felt
Tarra's attack before he gave up and, with a little flair to make it
seem like he'd tried, dropped his ball. The coach tapped him on the
shoulder and pointed to the bleachers.

Tarra smiled at him as he took his seat with the rest of the 1st
round losers. She meant it to look like a sympathy smile, but more
than a couple of onlookers could have sworn they saw something more
playful in that grin.

The rest of the contest went pretty much how Leena figured it would,
with a minor (yet endlessly annoying) twist: she didn't win. She got
2nd place. Now, a silver trophy was nothing to scoff at in Psi House,
and she politely took her trophy, but inside, she was seething.

Bryon, after a brief meeting with coach Engelke, smiled as he
wandered the campus - and that, in and of itself, was an unusual
sight. Leena would have been furious if she'd seen how the teachers
scored the contest - Bryon won, and Tarra was runner-up.

'What Leena doesn't know won't hurt her, Bry,' Tarra sent to Bryon.

'No, it definitely won't hurt her,' he mused as he kissed his
girlfriend goodbye and went to his last class.

                          * * * * * * * * * *
Darkness had fallen, and Bryon felt it was almost time to contact
Tarra. It was hard to judge what time it was without a watch, and
someone from Alpha frat had managed to steal his only watch. 'Fuckin'
A-hole,' he thought. Sitting up on his bed and centering himself, he
began the night's festivities.

'Bryon calling Tarra... come in Tarra... Bryon calling...'

Tarra, also unable to rest and in bed noticeably early for the
evening, sat up immediately at the summoning. 'Stop it, Bry. You know
I'm waiting. Shall we?'

'What the fuck do you think? I was born ready, baby. Are you sure
you want...'

'We already talked about this. I want you to be there, the first
time.'

'Are you sure, though, that you want it to be like this?'

'I don't do things I don't want to. Let's go, and meet me in the
woods. You know where. I'll walk you to the place I've prepared. No
more now, bye!'

                          * * * * * * * * * *
Bryon found Tarra already waiting under a tree about a quarter of a
mile into the woods. It was a place they visited often to talk. She
rushed up to him, put a finger to his lips when it seemed he was
about to speak, and drew the finger away so she could kiss him.

He returned the kiss passionately, his arms wrapping around her body
and pulling her in close.

She took his arms in her hands and pushed them... down to her well-
toned ass. At a mental nudge from her, he squeezed her perfect rump -
it made her kiss him even harder, but the distraction of being
controlled for a moment caused him to break the kiss a few seconds
later. They both looked at each other and laughed quietly.

"You snuck one up on me th..." Bryon began before being cut off.

'Don't speak. Let's go,' she told him, psionically. The walked, hand
in hand, to a large tent she'd pitched in a remote clearing. Even the
Mysties (the freaky students from Myst house), who frequently
wandered the woods at night, weren't anywhere to be seen.

At another unspoken signal, they both disrobed, and came together
for another kiss before they unzipped the door and went inside. When
Bryon turned on the portable light hanging from a loop of fabric
connected to the ceiling of the tent, he saw the fruits of his and
Tarra's labors earlier in the day.

Sprawled out on the air mattress, a very naked Leena masturbated
feverishly. She was totally oblivious to the fact that the two
"losers" she had conspired to eliminate from the contest were
watching her. When Tarra snapped her fingers, though, she became
immediately aware of her situation.

Not that it mattered, though - she was still unable to stop
masturbating, just as she had been since she first found herself in
the tent two hours earlier.

"What... are you two... mmm... looking at... ung..." she stammered
with about as much anger in her voice as she could muster.

"Don't you even want to know why you're here? I mean, do you
remember... coming here?" Bryon asked, emphasizing the word to make a
half-hearted joke. It was hard to joke, though - seeing her there,
playing with herself and completely out of control, was a real turn-
on.

Tarra, whose hand was gripping Bryon's hardening manhood, turned her
attention to Leena. "Darling Leena, I think you're in for a treat
tonight. We're going to teach you some lessons tonight. Lesson number
one: don't pit two very good friends together."

With one hand pinching her left nipple and two fingers on the other
moving in and out of her slick pussy, Leena managed to say, "oh, I
get it... Y-you want t-t... ungh... to f-fuck..."

"Don't try to talk, stupid. You're much too busy for that," Bryon
noted.

"And, no, you're not going to be part of any threesome, if that's
where your brain is going." Tarra reached down and gently stroked
Bryon's erect cock. "He's not checking your oil, 'though he is
getting a good look under the hood. No, dear - he's all mine." With
that, she kissed him and squeezed on his prick just hard enough to
make him slap her ass.

"Then... w-what... are you going... ungh..." Leena stammered.

"This is tiresome. What am I going to do with you? Well, Bryon and I
have been talking, and, well, I've been a little... curious lately.
Now, normally, I'd just sneak off to town and pick me up a date. I
don't normally feel like doing this to a fellow student, but you kind
of rubbed me the wrong way. "Now, we'll see if you can rub me the
right way."

After making that cryptic statement, Tarra dropped to her hands and
knees and slowly crawled to Leena, who had (for reasons unknown to
her) stopped masturbating.

"Look, I don't know why I can't seem to leave, but I'm not gay,"
Leena protested, slightly more calmly. But she could not deny that
Tarra's body, while not as curvy as hers, was definitely causing some
degree of arousal - or was it just residual lust from hours of
frigging off?

'Damn,' she thought, 'I'm so fucking horny even looking at her lips
makes me want to... no, don't think it, don't think it,' Leena's mind
screamed as Tarra approached.

Leena didn't notice when she shifted her position so that she was
crawling towards her apparent captor, who stopped just inches in
front of her face.

"Please, don't do this, I... I... I'm sorry about what I did to your
boyfriend..."

"Please, Leena, don't talk. I can help you enjoy this, you know,"
Tarra whispered as she closed the distance between their lips.

Leena tried to back away, but had not noticed that Bryon had stepped
behind her. "No, I don't want this now... I mean... oooooomf..." Her
weak protest was cut short when Bryon slipped a finger into her. It
was no ordinary finger, though - although it was definitely not his
dick. Of that she was sure.

His finger was hot, almost as if it were a small, steel shaft
glowing with a dull cherry hue. And, it burned - but no pain resulted
from the burning. Instead, it spread from his finger, to her womb,
and from there, it radiated down her legs and up to her chest.

It shot through her with the power of lightning but the speed of
honey dripping down a smooth belly, down to a cleanly shaven slit...
with a start, she realized she was actively fantasizing about Tarra!
As their tongues continued their erotic dance, she felt the heat rise
up through her throat and mouth... and lips... and then, it met
Tarra's lips, and the current was complete.

Her body had become a conduit through which flowed a river of
intense pleasure, the likes of which she never knew existed. Some
tiny part of her tried to remind her that it was a telepathic
illusion - but that part was overwhelmed by pleasure coursing through
her.

Tarra felt it, too, and moaned into Leena's mouth.

Tarra's initial reaction to the kiss let Leena know that she was
little more than a conductor of sexual energy - and at the moment,
that did not matter. 'God, if his finger feels like this, what does
his...'

It was Bryon who cut her thought short this time. As Leena slowly
let herself get carried away into the river of pleasure that ran
through her, she heard Brian whisper, "like the lady said, you're not
getting it."

It was the last coherent thought she could remember for quite some
time.

Tarra's tongue darted in and out of Leena's mouth teasingly. Leena
returned the favor, finding Tarra's tongue - in fact, her whole body -
to be as hot and charged as the finger that slowly pumped in and out
of her from behind.

Tarra softly closed her lips around the invading tongue and gently
sucked it into her mouth further. It must have had an effect on
Leena, because she sat up on her knees (drawing her body away from
Bryon's finger, which slipped out of her unnoticed), and wrapped her
arms around Tarra.

After a few more moments of passionate kissing, Tarra's mouth slid
away from Leena's and began to move towards her neck. She gently bit
the base side of Leena's neck near her shoulder, which made Leena go
nearly limp with desire. Tarra's fingernails made their way down
Leena's back, with just enough pressure to leave light scratch marks.

Once they were resting on the small of Leena's back, Tarra's hands
moved around to her belly and came up to her round breasts. Leena
gasped as Tarra cupped her tits, and Tarra in turn stopped nibbling
Leena's neck. She giggled when she noticed she'd left teeth marks,
but the look on Leena's face told her that she was on the edge of an
orgasm - and Leena knew how to push her over the edge.

All it took was a gentle pinching of Leena's nipples. Leena, moaning
loudly, slid her calves around to her front. Tarra laid her on her
back, and resting on top of her, kissed her again - briefly.

Her lips moved down to the base of Leena's neck, and kissed there.
Using her tongue, she traced a line down her chest, and then over to
an erect nipple. Gently sucking it in, she gripped it ever-so-softly
with her teeth and rubbed the very tip of it with the top of her
tongue. With her finger, she used a vigorous circular motion (a
motion hitherto unknown to Leena) to elicit another light orgasm from
the supine coed.

The other nipple got similar treatment (and corresponding clitoral
massage) before Tarra was ready to continue with the main event.

Using her tongue again to trace a line down Leena's body, she
eventually came to her target - the little nub poking out from a hood
above Leena's pussy. Figuring there was no time like the present, she
gently licked the tip of the offered clit.

Tarra, nearly lost in an endless sea of lust, stifled a yelp when
she felt it.

Using the top of her tongue to make longer, broader strokes; Tarra
lapped at the offered slit as if it were a pink lollipop.

Leena was now completely lost within her traitorous body. Most of
her desire to stop what was going on had been washed away after Tarra
bit her on the neck - it was almost as if Tarra had sucked her free
will out like a vampire would take blood from a victim. And now,
there was only one thing in her mind - desire for pleasure. She would
do anything to allow it to continue.

Spreading her legs as widely as she could, she grabbed a fistful of
Tarra's hair and pulled her closer to her slit. She could not have
been more careful. She held on tightly enough to keep Tarra in
contact with her flesh, but lightly enough to not offend her apparent
Mistress.

Deciding that she wanted a better taste, Tarra used her fingers to
spread Leena open a little. Using her tongue as a soft, pink probe,
she explored Leena's depths, going so far as to insert her tongue
into her formerly unwilling lover. Using her thumb to rub Leena's
clit, she pushed Leena to one more orgasm - this one being quite
powerful and wet.

She came up for air, gently pulling Leena's hands away from her
head. "Bryon, I need you," Tarra told her friend and lover. "Take me
from behind."

Bryon did not need to be told twice, but he did have an idea. "Why
not have her get you wet? I mean, not that it's likely to be an
issue, but still..."

Tarra looked at him as he stroked himself, teasing her. Smirking,
she mentally told Leena to swing around - and Leena was in no
position to even think of resisting.

Somehow knowing that her pleasure resided solely in her ability to
please Tarra, Leena began to lick Tarra's clit, once it was within
range of her tongue. She started gently, but Tarra must have really
enjoyed the sensation because she quickly started to ride her face.
The feeling of a pussy sliding over the lower part of her face ground
away any residual will she had left and washed her further into a sea
of arousal - and further still from the shores of control.

Leena only really noticed that Tarra had stopped moving her hips
when Tarra bent over and began eating her out, this time from on top.

Needless to say, she was not in charge of her faculties enough to
notice Bryon's dick as it entered Tarra. Her oral efforts on Tarra
were not wasted, though; the more she teased Tarra's clit with her
mouth and tongue, the tighter it squeezed Bryon's cock as it slid in
and out of his girlfriend.

Bryon had been pretty turned on by the whole encounter, and even
though he began slowly, the heat of the moment took over moments
after he was told to join in the fun. Several minutes initial thrust,
he came inside his girlfriend and lover with a powerful thrust - and
nearly collapsed on top of both of them.

He must have been leaking mentally, because both women came at the
same time, too. Leena, still lost within her own fiery desire, passed
out. Tarra and Bryon, though, remained conscious - and they spent
much of the next hour or so simply holding each other, and talking
softly. When they felt rested enough, they decided to head back to
their respective rooms.

Leena didn't wake up until security found the tent at about 4:00 AM.
The guard called the school's medical building, and they sent a car
to transport the naked, masturbating, apparently spell-bound teenager
to the Restoration Wing of the campus hospital.

                          * * * * * * * * * *
Headmaster Nazarius was less than thrilled with the two students
sitting in front of his desk. Leena's parents had been told what
happened - and, as major contributors to the school, they had
arranged a meeting with the headmaster.

"You are both in big trouble. This could mean your expulsion, you
know. What were you thinking?"

Bryon started to say something, but felt his jaw lock down
uncontrollably.

"Don't answer that. You took advantage of an innocent girl - a
fellow student, at that - and you must be punished. Luckily for you
both, the school's bylaws don't allow me to expel you for this kind
of first offense. But, I do have something in mind. Leena, Mr. and
Mrs. Penez, please wait outside."

The mildly traumatized girl, who had come to enjoy the memory (even
if she was not sure, nor did she care, if those feelings were real or
artificial), and her infuriated parents left the room. Leena knew
that the two students were in for some serious discipline - even
though she was not too angry about it herself. And, the thought of
discipline alone was making her more than a little wet.

Once the Penezes were out of earshot, the headmaster's tone changed.
"OK, listen up. First, the punishment: you both are suspended from
class for 2 weeks, without the possibility to make up any of the
work."

This was a crushing blow to them both, but they knew that they had
gotten off lucky. Tarra was about to ask what he would tell Leena's
parents about the relatively light punishment, and Nazarius stopped
her before the thought was even complete.

"Don't worry, Tarra. Leave them to me. I can be very persuasive with
contributors, no matter how wealthy or powerful they think they are."
He got up and walked over to the window behind his desk. Staring out
of the window but not looking at anything, he sighed and was silent
for a few moments. To Tarra and Bryon, though, it was an eternity.

Looking down but not facing his troublemaking students, Nazarius
continued. "The real lesson here is that you must learn discretion.
Next time you feel like taking that girl down a few pegs, at least
cover your tracks. You're likely to be discovered if you pull this in
the real world. Now, go, and send in the Penezes."

They never knew how Nazarius explained the situation to Leena's
parents, but Bryon and Tarra never had trouble with the girl again.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

(c) 2004, bobwhite.  All rights reserved.  All wrongs also reserved.