Shepherd wants to talk to Tom.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

I Dream of Demie 43 - Clues (MFF, cons, magic, oral)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

I was fucking a woman hard from behind, feeling awesome, as you do when you know that your orgasm's on its way, that telltale tickling at the base of your cock that lets you know that everything's lining up perfectly, balls to shaft. Atomic batteries to power! Turbines to speed!

I looked down, expecting to see Demie's brown hair, but instead my sexual partner was blonde. As she turned her head to look back at me, a bored look on her face, I saw that it was Detective Dianna Shepherd I was fucking, looking much as she had the night that we had our threesome with Demie.

"Something's missing," Shepherd commented with a frown.

I woke to the feeling of my cock in a warm, wet place. Blinking, I looked down to see Demie's mother Eudora, still in her human anime character shape, her big almond-shaped red eyes looking back up at me under her double-tailed red hair as she sucked me. Her black and red Sailor Moon type outfit was gone, revealing her impossibly bubbly body.

"Fwah! Your erection was sitting there, bold as you please," she told me as she stroked it, "so I figured I'd help myself. You don't mind, do you?" she asked Demie, who was still laying in the crook of my arm.

"Nope!" her daughter responded, and then she sat up and turned to straddle my face. "Now that your master's out of commission, Tom'll need to pull some double duty."

"Hopefully I survive..." I commented as I pulled my sexy succubus' pussy to my lips. Down below, I felt her mother clamber onto my lap before my cock was surrounded by her tight, hellishly hot pussy. I moaned into Demie's as I took her clit between my lips.

Both demons rode me for several minutes before I felt Eudora cum on my cock. I was proud that my seven inch 'Tommy Gun' could make such a long-lived sex demon orgasm, and even happier that her clasping cunt didn't set me off. It certainly would have a year ago, when I was less experienced at keeping up with demonic sex drives.

I felt Eudora rotate and then she was riding me reverse cowgirl style. This gave me an idea. I pushed Demie up. "Hey, get off," I directed her. Then I grabbed Eudora's hips and used them to leverage myself up to my knees. She was now in the doggie position, as Shepherd had been in my dream, and I started hammering into the older demon.

"Hohh..." Eudora moaned as I smacked my cock into her again and again, marveling at the blemish-free skin of the live anime character's body.

Demie reached around from behind to caress my chest and stomach. "What about meee?" she whined comically.

"Get on top of your Mom, same position." Demie was taller than her mother, so she was able to stack her pussy just above Eudora's. I pulled out and rammed into Demie.

"Guhh..." she moaned as I pistoned into her sultry depths. "Yeah, Tommm..."

"Me! Me!" I heard Eudora's muffled demand, and I pulled out of her daughter to thrust back inside her. "Ohh yesss, Tom-kunnn..."

I was surprised that I held out as long as I did with these sexy demons. "Arhh!" I cried out as my cum filled the older demon's pussy.

"O-hh! Yesss...!"

I yanked my still-cumming cock from her pussy and thrust inside Demie, emptying the rest of my semen inside her. I felt her cum again as her body accepted my seed.

Finally, I fell back, completely bereft of energy. Just like last night, Demie snuggled into my arm. Surprisingly, Eudora snuggled into the other. I think I might have passed out for a bit.

Ba-ding! My phone announced a text message.

Demie stretched her arm out, grabbed the phone out of my pants, and handed it to me.

I read the screen. "Huh, I just had a dream about her...it's Shepherd...says she's found something and needs to talk to me."

"Dianna Shepherd?" Eudora asked.

"Um, yeah," I replied. "How do you know her?"

"She bit off Bilson's penis." Aaron Bilson was Eudora's previous summoner, now dead.

"What?! But she's a lesbian."

She gave me a glance and looked away. "He had me mesmerize her. Something unexpected happened, and chomp!"

My hand moved unconsciously to my deflated member. "Holy shit...that's why you said he had nothing for you when you called us for help."

"Yes. So how do you know her?" she asked.

"Hoo...long story...I guess it can be summed up that she, Demie, and I had a crazy threesome and she ended up pregnant. The baby was kidnapped not long ago, and she's been searching ever since."

"How was the threesome crazy?" the older demon asked.

It was kinda strange that she was asking about the sex and not the baby, but demons have different priorities, I guess. Demie and I explained how she had invited the detective over to our place. The pretty lesbian would have nothing to do with me, but Demie's hypnotic gaze took away the older woman's concerns. She licked Shepherd's pussy while I fucked the demon from behind, and then there was that batshit moment when Demie's back turned transparent and I could see my cum rush from my cock, all the way through her demonic body, and straight out her tongue like a straw that had been shoved all the way up into Shepherd's womb. The poor woman's reproductive system never stood a chance.

I felt Eudora stiffen at this revelation. "When was this? Was there a full moon that night?"

I shrugged. "I dunno...is it important?"

"Please, Tom!"

She didn't call me Tom-kun, so this was obviously important to her. I pulled up the web on my phone. "I think I remember when it happened...lemme see..."

While I searched, Eudora turned to her daughter. "What do you know of this woman, Shepherd? Did she forsake a spiritual upbringing?"

I looked up. "Oh, I can answer that! When I saw her a couple days later, she mentioned that she was brought up Catholic, but of course her being a lesbian didn't exactly jibe with that." I looked back down at my phone. "Yeah, there was a full moon that night. How did you know?"

"Who told you?!" Eudora demanded of Demie.

Demie frowned. "Told me what? You're being weirder than usual, Mother."

The redheaded anime character raised a finger. "A woman who forsook a spiritual upbringing..." She raised a second finger. "...during a full moon, with sperm that was transferred through a demon's body, right when that woman was fertile?" She had four fingers raised now. "You expect me to believe that this all just randomly lined up?"

 Demie looked thoughtful. "Well, Cassandra did suggest knocking Shepherd up to get her off of my trail, and where and when I could find her."

"Cassandra the oracle?"

"Yeah."

Eudora stood up, her black and red Sailor Moon outfit shifting into place. "We need to find that baby, now!"

---

"They're arguing again!"

Eros looked up from Patty's laptop at his mistress as she looked out the front window. He knew that she was talking about their neighbors across the street, who Patty had Eros hypnotize into starting a sexual relationship because Patty had 'shipped' them. "Well, sometimes relationships just don't work out, Patty my dear."

She turned to him, visibly upset. "We have to fix this!"

"Again?"

"Yes! C'mon..." She headed toward the door.

Eros didn't move from the couch. "I left a command for those two to return to their suggestible state if you snap your fingers twice. Have at 'er, and I'll stay here, okay?"

Patty, practically vibrating, nodded and headed out.

Eros morphed into a handsome but decidedly non-Fabio-looking man as he activated the webcam. Time for some more fun, he told himself.

---

"Hello?" I called out as I entered the dark, empty warehouse. Why did all shady meetings occur in warehouses or back alleys? I wondered.

"Here, Tom."

I headed through a door into an office. Detective Dianna Shepherd was there, dressed in a form-fitting black outfit, looking like a blonde ninja, other than the sidearm holstered at her side. "You're looking healthier than the last time I saw you," I commented. She had been rather emaciated when she broke into my apartment looking for her son...well, my son too. Our son. Geez, that sounded weird in my head.

"Thanks." She gestured at some papers on the desk. "That woman, Cassandra, was here, but moved on. I found some records...do you know what Gehenna is?"

I leaned forward and squinted. Shepherd had used the trick of lightly rubbing a pencil onto a piece of paper to show what had been written on the piece above it. "Is that what it says? Not gonorrhea?"

"Why would she be writing about gonorrhea?" She looked at me like I was stupid.

I shrugged. "I dunno! Why would she steal a baby? Maybe she caught gonorrhea and can't have one of her own?"

She harrumphed. "Stop saying gonorrhea!"

"Gonorrhea gonorrhea gonorrhea!"

"Goddamnit...!" Shepherd came around the desk, lifting her hand to smack me across the face.

I caught it in my grip.

"What...?"

She tried tugging her arm away, but I was mad enough to borrow some of Demie's strength. The last time Shepherd had come into our lives, she had thrown a brick at me and almost shot Kate, the other mother of my child. I tightened my grip.

"Aah! Stop!" Shepherd dropped to her knees in pain.

I quickly let go. What had I been doing? I could have broken her arm!

Shepherd rubbed her forearm. "Been working out, I see."

"Something like that."

She was about to get up, but then glanced under the desk. "What's this?" She reached under and up, furrowing her brow with effort as she pried something loose.

There was a moment where time seemed to stand still, as I realized that I'd seen enough TV to know what a bomb looks like.

"Fuck," Shepherd swore as the rectangular device with the brick of C4 started to blink.

I didn't think; I grabbed it, rushed out of the office, and hurled it with my borrowed strength as far down the length of the warehouse as I could.

...

When I woke up, we were outside and Shepherd was pulling me into the back seat of a car. Through ears that seemed stuffed with cotton, I could hear sirens in the distance. I looked up to see that half of the warehouse had collapsed...the far side, thankfully. I realized that I must have been a little too close to the blast wave when it went off. If this crap kept happening, I realized, I was going to get brain damaged.

The former detective slammed the back door closed and climbed into the driver's seat. "Your place?" she asked.

"My place," I answered with a groan.

---

"Gehenna is a safehouse for 'creatures of the night' who have no place else to go, Tom-kun," Eudora explained to us. "It's named for the Jewish Hell, but it's a real place here on Earth."

"Is it in town?" I asked. I didn't know why she was still calling me 'Tom-kun', but I liked it.

She tilted her head. "Sort of. There are entrances everywhere, including one in town."

"Can you show us where it is?" I asked her, and then when I saw her frown and look toward Shepherd, I turned. The former detective was just staring at Demie's mother. Right, Eudora still looked like an anime character.

"Is there a problem, Shepherd-san?" Eudora asked.

Shepherd just shook her head. "You are all so fucking weird."

"Welcome to my life," I told her, and turned back to Eudora. "So, directions...?"

Eudora paced the living room, swishing her short pleated skirt as she went back and forth on her impossibly slim but shapely legs. "We'll need the Enforcer. 'The Deal' has been bypassed."

"Her card's on the coffee table there," I informed her, "but she's after Eros for fucking with The Deal...is that related to baby Seth being kidnapped?"

Eudora stopped and looked at the black business card. "No...and I'm sorry to say it, but we'll need Eros' help too."

"WHAT?!" I yelled.

"My son seems to have obtained some magic of his own after being bound into that Eroji game for decades. Even if he found a way around The Deal himself, I think he'll want to help us anyway."

"So...a third demon?" Shepherd asked. "And this Enforcer?"

"Not a demon, but not human either, apparently," I replied.

Shepherd got a pained look. "My head hurts."

"At least you didn't get knocked out twice in two days," I retorted.

---

Demie got back from her investigations an hour or so later. She tossed a hardcover book onto the coffee table.

I peered over at the cover, which had an artist's rendition of Fabio holding a beautiful brunette in a romantic clinch. "Burning Desire?"

"Apparently that's the book that survived 'Shawn-sama's' apartment fire. It's not magic...I think someone swapped it for our book. I got the list of employees that work at that evidence yard, and there's only a couple of women."

"You're assuming that a man wouldn't read a romance novel?" I chided her.

She gave me a look. "No, I'm saying we should start with the most likely readers of romance novels and then move on to the dozen or so men. That fine by you?"

"Er...yeah."

---

Shepherd went with Eudora to interview one woman, and Demie, Beatrice, and I took the other. On the way out, we swung by Vicky's apartment and found her female roommate reading the note that we had taped to the door. With some fabrication about 'Vicky' having hit her head, her roommate agreed to take care of her.

"Tom?" Beatrice looked back at me with her green eyes.

"It'll be fine," I assured her. "We'll come visit when we're done with our errand, and then we'll figure out your unfinished business, okay?"

"Okay..." The door of apartment 506 closed behind her.

We had given Beatrice a crash course in modern appliances, toilets, and...well, she couldn't get the hang of smartphones, but she'd do well enough for a person supposedly nursing a concussion...I hoped.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)