CAMP ON THE RHINE

BY PETRONIUS

The Roman camp was the largest I had ever seen. Caesar had
intended it to impress the German tribes and for all purposes it
certainly did that. I had arrived to take up my first duty post
as a junior legate, a would-be assistant to the great man
himself. It was surely a post that would only create great
opportunities back in Rome. The expedition had been fortunate and
the gods had smiled on the endeavor. Our armies had crossed the
Rhine and were now prepared to march into Germania itself. The
camp was full of captives. Beaten warriors and their whole
families were being prepared for the long march back to Rome. I
passed many of these forlorn creatures as I made my way to my
barracks tent.

Sextus, my guide and co-legate took me aside to clue me in to the
inner workings of the camp's life. "You won't see an awful lot of
spit and polish here, young legate. We live pretty rough...not
like you soft puppies up in Rome!"

I was prepared for this ritual...I had been on several campaigns
to Gaul and Knew the ropes. " Sorry old chum...been there and
done that....twice!!!" He laughed and slapped me on the back. He
knew already that I had tested my mettle and was a decent
addition to their ranks.

He pulled me aside before we entered the tent. " Ummm, just so
you know...we have all been just given our allotment of booty,
mostly slaves and some of the men are testing them out inside.
Too bad you missed out but some of the lads might be willing to
share." I could hear smacking sounds, whimpering and sharp
squeals from inside the leather covering. " Just so you know"
Sextus said warily. " None of this ever gets back to Rome, you
enderstand?" I nodded.

As night was falling the oil lamps, many of them had been lit.
There were piles of swords and armour all neatly stacked about
the inside. The glowed in the warm light of the lamps. Cots and
pallets had been set up a;ong the sides and in the center was a
low table where normally our meals were to be taken.

Straddled across it were fifteen beautiful little backsides high
in the air. They were all young girls, German slaves no doubt,
none above the age of thirteen. One could easily tell because
their nether parts were fully exposed. Their hairless lips and
puckered buttholes shone clearly in the light of the lamps. Their
hands were all lashed behind their backs and their feet though
touching the floor were bound securely together. Each of them
were writhing about but making no sounds except little muffled
grunts and whimpers. Their mouths had been covered with gags of
leather and bound tightly by thongs to the back of their heads.
Their long golden hair falling about their shoulders and backs.
Another female slave, perhaps fifteen was passing down the line
of their tight upturned cheeks massaging them with oil. One by
one they would shiver as she applied the oil and then start
kneading it into the taught flesh and warm crevices. Every now
and then she would slip a finger inbetween the round cheeks and
work it into the girls tight anus. The girl would stiffen and
thrash for a second against the leather binding and then lie
still realizing that the struggle only increased the discomfort.

"That one... the one probing the girls is my slave.." Sexutus
said with obvious pride. " Her name is Annia.. she does her job
with relish, just watch!". I was watching and my penis was
swelling considerably. I tried to shift it underneath my tunic
until I noticed most of the men surrounding the girls had their
own out and were oiling them generously with a little bottle that
was being passed around.

One of the girls, a tiny readhead was squealing through her gag
as Annia probed her tender hole. She bucked her hips up and down
trying to avoid the thrusting finger. Annia became more
determined and flopped inbetween the girl and her fellow slaves,
circling her arm underneath the thrashing girl's waist and held
up two oily fingers for her master, Sextus, to see. He nodded and
laughed.

One finger gently traced the small dark opening, teasing and
prodding slightly. Annia played with the tiny hole for a minute
before easing it in up to the first knuckle. The girl jolted nad
threw her weight forward. Annia responded by following her
movement and plunging the entire finger into the brown openeing.
The girl arched her back trying to remove the finger but Annia
simply placed the other finger next to it and worked it slowly
inside. The red-haired girl went stiff and her buttocks clenched
, her pale skin glistening with sweat. There were sobs escaping
her gag as the two fingers massaged her hole into one large
enough to accomodate them both.

The other girls were straining wide-eyed to see what was
happening. Some whimpered and tried to rise but their bonds would
not allow them. The soldiers, growing tired of the show had
started moving towards them. One tenderly removed the gag of a
shaking blonde, maybe nine years old and before she could cry out
thrust his penis into her open mouth. She tried to bite. The
soldier grbbed a fistfull of hair and pulled until she released
her grip and then he punged again this time burying his cock
inside. Sge gagged and thrashed but he kept thrusting. Another
had placed himself behind her and was pulling her boud hads
towards him. His penis sliced through the warm buttocks finding
the tight opening inside. She moved forward only to find the cock
in her thoat going deeper.

Sextus leaned over towards me . " You see, they are no good on
the slave block if they are not virgins...well, vaginal virgins.
So this is how we take them." He moved over to anothe small
blonde placing his penis against her quivering anus and slowly
worked it's oily head in.... " Yep....one at a time!" He was lsot
in the reverie and slowly slid the entire length into her ass.

The other soldiers were all fucking the little girls. There were
moans and cries coming from all over the room. Two soldiers were
swapping their cocks into a plump brunettes ass as she thrashed
nearly pinned inderneath the long table. Another was standing
over another girl with his belt pelting her backside, the livid
welts rising on her pale skin.

Annia was busy working her fingers into a little blonde's
butthole. She was pretty and her blue eys were half closed.
Annia's fingers were glowing with oil as they thrust deeper and
deeper into the tight opening. The girl had stopped crying out
and was now moaning softly. Annia looked up at me with dark,
searching eyes and called " Want this one? She looks ready for
the likes of you!".

She was saring at my erection and licking her lips. She removed
her hand slowly, the girl's quvering opening lay before me. Her
pale buttocks damp with sweat rose slightly towards me, giggling
gently, her bound fingers flexed and I saw one finger crrok and
beckon me onwards. I was going to love this campaign. I was going
to love Germany.

******

One by one the girl slaves exited the tent. Naked and shivering
with their hands bound behind them they made their way to the
designated slave-pens of their masters. A few of us were just
finishing with our girls and their stifled grunts and whimpers
echoed in the near empty tent. Sextus was buried deep inside a
plump redhead who was gently thrusting back towards him, her
taught cheeks jiggling as he pushed deeper again and again. He
pulled out and spun her deftly around by her bound arms and
presented her backside towards me. Straddling her head he slowly
pulled the glistening cheeks apart. She moaned as her open hole
was exposed. It yawned dark and invitingly in the flickering
lamplight. "Hah" he cried, " Glory to the spoils of war!!" He
smiled from ear to ear. "Behold the last frontier...the sweetest
savour of conquest! Annia....I believe I promised you a treat."
He motioned the young slavegirl to come forward. She supressed a
cry of excitement as she scampered to the upturned buttocks of
the writhing girl.

I had just finished pumping a load of Rome's best into a skinny
blonde's nine year old ass and I'm afraid my member was looking a
bit battle-weary. The girl beneath me cried out as my penis fell
from her tight grip. I left her, ass in the air to watch whar
Annia had in store for the other young girl. She wriggled
sideways and peered up through her widened blue eyes. I took a
stout leather thong from the piles on the tent floor and quickly
trussed her legs together again, once at the ankles and once at
the knees. Seeing how lovely her upturned ass looked, I pulled
her bound arms back even further to raise her pale cheeks higher.
There it was, pulsing gently and glistening in the light, the
place that was forbidden to those of us who called Rome our
nation. Assfucking was considered 'too Greek' and therefore
beneath us. Too bad we had to travel hundereds of miles, fight
bloody battles and win them to be 'too Greek". I prodded the
slick opening with my finger, burying it knuckle-deep before
paying attention to the new drama before me.

Annia had buried her face between the other girls ass-cheeks. I
could see her wet tounge darting in and out of the widened hole.
The girl was moaning and pushing back onto Annia's deft tounge.
She squealed with rapture as she pulled back and thrust two
fingers to the hilt in the quivering hole. The girl beneath her
started like a jack-rabbit and bolted forward. Annia firther
spread the girl's cheeks and licked again, a long savouring lick
from the cleft of her bald vagina to the small of her back. The
girl fell forward limply.

I saw sextus toss something shiny and white towards her. Annia
caught it with a swoop of her hand and began to tie the object
around her waist and between her legs. " A treasure I picked up
in Egypt a few years ago! " Sextus called over the girl. " Look
at the craftsmanship....pure ivory!"

Annia had finished binding the thing too her and proudly thrust
her hips forward exposing the glowing ivory in the light. It was
a perfect semblance of a male penis, complete with ridges and a
bulbous head. Even the balls had been perfectly carved. It was a
solid piece of artwork and even Priapus, the god of procreation,
would have been jealous at it's remarkable effect. Annia arched
her back and pushed the ivory penis into the air and wriggled it,
laughing as she reached for a bottle of oil. She then poured a
generous potion on the tip and worked it downwards covering it
with expertise.

I was growing hard again and i glanced at my own girl's thrust
outwards buttocks. No more than eleven, her hips had just begin
to fill out and I could see the swell of her small breasts
peeking out from under her arched body. She had moved her head
forwards to watch what was happening to her fellow slave. I
teased her puckered hole and pushed the head in slightly. The oil
I had applied before was still slick but I held it just there
with anticipation.

Annia then with a swift motion pulled the plump redhead over onto
her back and pulled her legs upwards lashing the pink feet
together with the same movement. She grinned at me " I like to
see their pretty little eyes as they get buggered....by another
slave!" She passed the thong to Sextus who pulled it back raising
the girls swaying ass off the table. Her anus was fully exposed
and still glistening from the tounge-lashing Annia had given her.

Annia pushed the ivory penis in between her pale, freckled
cheeks. With one hand she slapped the underside hard the thwack
of her hand against the gril's oiled bum resounding through the
empty tent. The girl squirmed and shrieked inside her leather
gag. Annia slapped her ass again rasing small pink spots on the
taught flesh. The girl's eyes closed momentarily and Annia
smiled. She thrust the head of the ivory inside the tight,
gripping hole and thrust downwards, burying the penis up to the
carved balls. She did not restrain herself. She thrust hard,
grinding the base of the object into her own sparsely haired
clitoris. She yelped with joy as the girl beneath her writhed
from side to side trying to evade the deepening thrusts.

My own little slave had begun to push against my now-hardened
member. I could see her skinny hips shining in the light as she
strained towards me. I pulled out briefly...stared at the open,
pulsing ambrosia before me and punged again into the tight nectar
of her ass.' Is this worth a few battles? A few bloody scars?' I
asked myself. I felt her anus clamp heard around me and her body
shudder as she approached her first orgasm. I glanced over
towards the thrashing couple and saw Annia clinch her eyes shut
with exstacy as she came , the ivory penis buried in the bound
girl's ass. ' Oh yes.' I thought ' Worth every moment.'

