Age of Aquarius -- Chapter Eight: Rachel Rides Richter by Chris Hailey, Copyright 2021

Story codes: MF, MMFF, MFg(10), first, oral, anal, preg, romance

Summary: Set in the Summer of Love, 1968, this is the story of how the arrival of a special family at a hippy commune in the Catskills changed the protagonist's life forever. As with most of my stories, this one's really a love story.

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

==============



Alice and I were sitting in the grass staring at the stars while nearby, Jonathon Richter was giving a talk--a lecture? a symposium?--on mysticism. I'm sure he was high as a kite, as were his "students," but even in that state, he was maybe the smartest person I'd ever known, so I enjoyed listening to his lectures, though the topic wasn't of much interest to me. I definitely wasn't on a spiritual journey, that's not what attracted me to the scene. Alice was simpatico with me on this; she sometimes made a bit of fun of the hippies on LSD searching for the meaning of life and the universe and everything. For her, acid was a party drug, and partying was what she was there to do. To that end, it was a bit too mellow at the Hillcroft Manor for her right then, but the stars were a trip--stars always are--so she was sitting there with me, hugging her knees, while Richter talked about the contrast between sensory deprivation and sensory overload in non-western religions.

"So, I got some news," I said to Alice as she stared up at the night sky.

"Yeah?" She looked back at me with a nice, I'm-having-a-good-mellow-trip sort of smile.

"My little girlfriend gave me a blow job this afternoon."

"No way!" She sat up and punched me on the shoulder. "I told you! I told you that little chick wanted your cock!"

"I don't know about that, but I guess she saw us last night, and that made her curious. So, she wanted to try it herself."

"Sweet! And? How'd it go?"

"It was the sexist damn thing you could ever imagine."

"I bet! I wish I could have watched! Was she good?"

"Well, I had to finish for her, if that's what you mean."

"Yeah, it's hard--my first guy, he had to finish for me like the first twenty times, before I finally started getting it. See? That's why you should let me teach her how to do it. It'll be good for her psyche, if she's better at it."

"I guess that makes sense..." I nodded. "But wouldn't it be kind of awkward?"

"Awkward? No! It'd be fun!"

"Fun for you, sure..."

"For you, too!"

"Yeah, but what about Rachel? Am I just supposed to tell her that another person's gonna join us? Someone she doesn't even really know? I don't think you realize what a shy little thing she is."

Alice smiled. "Shy?"

"Yes, shy."

"I bet you like that! Guys like shy little girls, don't you?"

"Well..." I wasn't sure how to answer. It was true that I really did find it to be quite a turn on, I had to admit. Sort of like a tease, only more challenging.

"She can't be that shy, though," Alice went on, like she knew the answer to her question already. "She just gave you a blow job!"

"True, but--"

"I suppose you're right about it being awkward for her, though," she interrupted me. John had finished his lecture by now, and the hippies were dispersing, so I stood and offered my hand to Alice. "That's why," she continued as she got to her feet, "I'm gonna introduce myself to her. I think me and your little girlfriend are gonna be good friends, don't you?"

"Sure," I said, "why not?"

"So... did she swallow?" Alice asked with her impish grin.

"She didn't have a chance. I came on her face."

"Oooo nice! What did she think of that?"

"She seemed to like it," I answered. "At least, she was smiling when I finished."

"I'm sure she liked it. I love it when guys cum on my face."

"Hmm. I'll have to remember that. Maybe even tonight?"

She giggled, then took my hand. "Maybe!"

At that moment, Emily Richter walked up, interrupting our scheming for the evening's entertainment. But apparently, she had ideas of her own for how the night should unfold.

"John and I are going to head up to bed," she told us. "Maybe... we were thinking that maybe you two would want to join us? I know John would like that."

"Mr. Richter's so cute!" Alice effused. "Can we, Brian? It sounds like you guys have so much fun! We can do what we were talking about another time."

"Oh? What were you talking about?" Em asked.

Alice flashed her sexy eyes my way. "Oh, I was just telling Brian how much I like it when guys cum on my face."

Emily laughed. "You're quite a girl, Alice!"

"Thanks!"



Twenty minutes later, Hitchhiker Alice was straddling John's face, both of them buck naked. His wife was on her knees, sucking my cock again, but my attention was focused on the little hottie fucking herself on Richter's tongue. She had her hands on his head and was grinding hard, humping his face like an eight year old with her favorite teddy.

"Oh, god, Mr. Richter!" she hollered. "It feels so good! You're so good at this!"

She turned to look at me, panting red-faced. "Brian... Brian, you gotta... you gotta fuck me now!!!" She climbed off of John, but she didn't go far; she crouched between his legs with her ass up in the air. Emily just laughed, having pulled off of my cock, and I climbed up behind the teenage hippy chick.

"Oh, fuck, yeah!" she shouted as I entered her. "Mr. Richter, I really wanna suck your big cock while I get fucked!"

Richter laughed, sitting up on his elbows to watch as Alice dove down on his limp penis. The girl obviously didn't care at all that he couldn't get it up, and she was immediately bobbing her head in time with my thrusting hips and making a most entertaining slobbery rhythmic grunting, a sound that mimicked the sloppy sloshing of her pussy as her cuntcum splashed out repeatedly onto my swinging balls.

Three or four minutes into her odd double-team, she suddenly pulled off. "Brian," she panted, "you have to stop!"

"Huh?"

"He's hard!" she shouted. "Look! Mr. Richter, you have a hard-on!"

The girl wasted no time, climbing up onto him. "I have to fuck you, Mr. Richter! I just have to fuck you!"

From my vantage point behind her, I could see his cock now, and indeed, he appeared to be at least half-hard, and with Alice's pussy being already wide open and soaking wet, he slid right in when she held him up and sat down on his cock.

"Oh yes!" she shouted, as she started bouncing on him. "Oh yes!!!"

I looked over at Emily, who was kneeling naked on the bed, her big tits shimmying as Alice's aggressive bouncing shook the bed. She had a big curious delighted smile as she watched her husband getting slut-fucked by little Alice.

After a couple of minutes, Alice sat up on her knees, and Richter's dick fell out, now in it's usual limp state again.

"I couldn't finish you," Alice said. "You went soft."

"I'm sorry," Richter said.

"I'm not! I got to fuck you! Here, Mr. Richter," she said, climbing up to his chest and sticking her abdomen forward. "Look at the little pussy that you just fucked! You like fucking little pussies, don't you, Mr. Richter? You like fucking little high school girls!"

"I do!"

"Brian," she turned to look at me with her pussy still right in Richter's face, "fuck Mrs. Richter now! Mr. Richter and I wanna watch!" The mistress of ceremonies slid off John's chest and lay down next to him, spread her legs wide, and started masturbating furiously.

Emily gave me a smile, then dropped down on her hands and knees, and I mounted her from behind--apparently her new favorite position--and Richter and Alice watched as I gave his wife the hardest fucking of her life and finished inside her with an enormous, consciousness-expanding orgasm.



The guitars were forgotten entirely for Rachel's next lesson. There was only one thing she wanted to do, and as luck would have it, it was the same thing that I wanted. The lesson began with us sitting on the bed, holding each other and kissing. Eventually, my hand ventured around her, under her arm and onto her skinny chest, and my fingers found a little nipple to caress through her shirt. She tried to do the same to me in response, but her efforts were frustrated by the fact that her arm could not reach all the way around me, so she removed her hand from my back and set it on my chest, and her fingers found a nipple as well. A few seconds of nipple-petting later, I sat up and pulled my shirt off, to give her better access. With a shy little smile, she did the same, and we were topless together. The little girl didn't hide her nipples this time. She just sat and let me look, and they were so adorable--the lightest pink little things, like delicate dollops of butter cream frosting piped onto the flatness of her chest. After admiring them for a moment, I wrapped my arm around her naked back, and she set her hand on my bare chest; our lips locked again and our fingers went back to nipple-caressing.

A minute later, I reached down and unbuttoned my pants. With a sweet, nervous smile, she slid her hand down my belly until her fingers were over my underwear. At the same time, I moved a hand to the top of her head and silently encouraged her with a gentle nudge to slide off of the bed. She did what she was instructed to do, and knelt, crouching in front of me as I shimmied my pants down, and she kissed me through my briefs. I pulled my underwear down, too, and now little ten year old Rachel was kissing my bare cock.



[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com. Also, visit my story site at www.asstr.org/~Chris_Hailey. Thanks!]
