



  =====================================================================
       T H E   H O M E R   V A R G A S   S T O R Y   A R C H I V E
  All stories in this archive are the property of the author.  They may
  be downloaded and read by private citizens.   They are not to be used
  by commercial web sites.    Persons using this material on commercial
  sites will be vigorously pursued by the hounds from hell, or my legal
  team, whichever is deemed necessary.  (These stories were written for
  adult entertainment and should not be accessed by children.)
  =====================================================================







			  Scroll down to view text



Archive name: wwp.txt
Authors name: Homer Vargas
Story title : Wonder Woman's Most Fulfilling Adventure

-----------------------------------------------------
(c) Copyright Homer Vargas - 1998 - This work is
copyrighted to the author, with all rights reserved.
This story may be archived and displayed on non-
commercial web sites without permission, but please
make no chages to the text and do not remove the
author name or address.   Thank you
-----------------------------------------------------

This takes off from and uses some scenes and 
language from another story with a similar title, 
author unknown to me, but I have taken the idea in 
a different direction.


Wonder Woman's MOST FULFILLING ADVENTURE
By Homer Vargas (the_story_writer@Yahoo.com)


	The day began like many others would for our 
superheroine friend with the usual easy capture of 
common criminals and petty thieves.  But it would 
end like no other, for our sexy super heroine 
would begin an adventure like none she had 
experienced before, one that would change her life 
completely.

	Our story began routinely enough in the 
steamy jungles of South America with the eruption 
of a volcano near a small native village at the 
headwaters of the Amazon.  The volcano erupted 
with astounding ferocity, shooting ash and lava as 
far as the eye could see.  The lava's roaring 
torrent ate away at the landscape as it rushed 
down toward a tiny isolated village.

	The village could have been there for 
thousands of years thus, its inhabitants had 
thought the giant monster to the North was but a 
distant memory to a time that had long since 
passed.  Now suddenly their village was faced with 
certain annihilation.

	That morning Wonder Woman had helped in the 
apprehension of a couple of bank robbers.  This 
afternoon she was flying the South America patrol 
for the Justice League of America when she noticed 
the volcanic eruption and saw the plight of the 
village.  She turned her invisible plane around at 
once, knowing that she was the village's only 
hope.  Within minutes she was over the site.  With 
the lava rushing toward the village she realized 
there was no time to spare.  From in her plane she 
lassoed a large bolder and with all the power the 
plane could muster lifted the bolder and placed it 
on top of the volcano's crater, diverting the lava 
flow harmlessly in another direction.  In this way 
she was able to stem the lava's forward progress.

	Only when she was sure that the danger from 
the volcano was past did Wonder Woman land her 
plane in a clearing next to the village.  There 
she was greeted by a throng of women who bowed 
down before her and worshipped as if she were a 
goddess.  Wonder Woman tried to explain that she 
was not a goddess, (Of course she is a goddess in 
any *man's* book.) and said she only did what any 
superheroine would have done.  Never having read 
Marvel Comics, however, the women did not 
understand this explanation but insisted she come 
with them into the village for a feast.  Wonder 
Woman graciously accepted the invitation.

	It was a beautiful village with neat thatched 
huts and fields around were laid out 
geometrically.  As she looked around she became 
aware that there was something odd about the 
village.  It was *too* pretty, *too* orderly.  
There was no trash lying about.  The lanes were 
lined with white stones that matched almost 
perfectly.  The thatch of the huts was evenly 
trimmed and the mud walls were all painted in 
bright cheerful colors.  Each hut had a window box 
of plants.  Rows of flowers were interspersed 
among the lush crops.  Cows had bows around their 
necks and pigs were squeaky (Agggh!) clean .  The 
village seemed so... *feminine.*

	That was it!  Wonder Woman realized that 
there were no *men* around.  When she inquired and 
explained what she meant, the women just laughed.  
Yes, there were stories and legends about another 
kind of human -- larger, smellier creatures, 
totally unsuited to village life.  Perhaps some 
lived on the other side of the mountains, but none 
of the women had ever seen one.  They knew of no 
other people but themselves.  Their valley was cut 
off on three sided by the sheer flanks of the 
volcano and the river exited through an impassible 
gorge.  As Wonder Woman saw the amazing variety of 
crops produced on the rich volcanic soil, the 
fruit that could be gathered from the jungle, and 
the large number of domestic animals, she could 
see how the village was able to exist comfortably, 
though completely isolated off from the outside 
world.  They received and needed nothing from the 
outside but, except...

	Then Wonder Woman came to another shocking 
realization.  Although there were no men in the 
village or anywhere in the whole valley, there 
were women of all ages from smiling old crones to 
infant girls.  In fact, she noticed there was a 
group of beautiful young women that all seemed to 
be about eight months pregnant.  One doe-eyed 
beauty typified the others, looking ever so lovely 
with her gorgeous round belly and full firm 
breasts all of which she somehow just managed to 
cover.  The clothes on her pregnant body looked 
like they were ready to explode so tightly was it 
stretched to cover the woman's ever expanding 
form.  The cloth was light blue in color and 
through it you could see the woman's nipples which 
stood out, pointed and stiff  The cloth was so 
tight that it seemed to cup each breast and made 
them seem even fuller which only accentuated every 
sensual curve of this pregnant nymph's sexy shape.  
Wonder Woman could just about make out the stretch 
marks through the cloth.  And then of course there 
was her belly button which was being forced out by 
the ever growing child within.

	How was this possible?  She wondered. but 
decided it was best not to ask the women directly 
just then because she felt it might offend them.  
Perhaps at the feast she would learn more as 
indeed she did -- much much more than she ever 
imagined!

	Wonder Woman also noticed with a displeasure 
she tried to conceal that the women of the village 
were very free with their bodies.  She saw girls 
kissing each other on the mouth or women giving 
one another an affectionate slap on the ass, or 
squeezing together in embrace so warm their tits 
must touch.  She saw couples drift off only to 
come back later flushed and laughing as if they 
had been doing something delightfully naughty.  In 
her prudish way, Wonder Woman attributed this 
immorality to ignorance and isolation from 
wholesome American culture, though she was too PC 
to say such a thing.

	The fires were being lit and a sumptuous meal 
prepared and as the first flagons of wine began to 
be passed around, Wonder Woman got up the courage 
to inquire how village women could conceive 
without men.  The group of smiling village elders 
-- gorgeous, voluptuous women in their -- forties? 
-- broke into gales of nervous laughter and told 
Wonder Woman to come with them.  They guided her 
outside the village along a carefully tended path.  
There in a perfect little grove they showed her a 
curious pillar.

	The leader explained that they prayed to the 
pillar and worshipped it as their god.  When the 
time came, a group of virgins were presented to 
the god and, if worthy, each would bear a child.  
The pillar was a long phallic shaped object which 
stood some 20 feet in the air.  Around it were 
dozens of smaller phalluses.  At the base of the 
pillar there was also an inscription which none of 
the women could read.  To her amazement, Wonder 
Woman saw that the script was a very archaic form 
of Greek which she could decipher "Thou who art 
come of age, give thyself upon the stone and thou 
shalt be blessed with child."

	Wonder Woman was tempted to dismiss this 
inscription and the women's belief out of hand, 
but *something* had to explain how women who had 
never been with men could bear children.  The 
pillar fascinated her and she felt herself 
strangely drawn to it.  As she approached the 
pillar she experienced sensations she had never 
felt before.  She was suddenly more aware of her 
sexuality and try as she might to avoid it, sexual 
images of herself with a large, harry man flooded 
her head.  The closer she got to the statute the 
hornier she found herself and the more realistic 
the fantasy.  She saw herself lying on the ground, 
her legs spread obscenely with an expression of 
total ecstasy on her face as the harry man fucked 
away at her vigorously.  Her arousal was so 
intense that if the other women hadn't been 
looking she probably would have masturbated right 
there!

	Fortunately for her dignity, someone called 
the group to come back of the village for the 
feast.  Moving away from the phallus the sensation 
diminished and Wonder Woman was able momentarily 
to put out of mind how horny being near the pillar 
had made her.

	Of course she was led to a place at the head 
of the table where she was seated at the side of 
the beautiful Queen Althea.  During the feast, 
however, Wonder Woman's mind kept wondering back 
to the sensations she had experienced in the 
presence of the pillar.

	The native wine was good and surprisingly 
potent.  Wonder Woman realized she would have to 
be careful not to drink too much, but without 
realizing it she allowed Althea to keep refilling 
her glass until she was quite as tipsy as the rest 
of the women.  Only Althea remained sober.

	At the table next to hers, Wonder Woman 
noticed a group of girls that all appeared to be 
about sixteen who were being served from a special 
pitcher.  Through a rather nice buzz, Wonder Woman 
reflected that girls so young shouldn't be 
drinking.  The judgmental superheroine would have 
done better to pay attention to her own behavior 
rather than worrying about others', for in her 
haze she did not notice that her own cup was also 
being filled from that same pitcher.

	As Queen Althea poured her still another cup 
of the special wine, Wonder Woman found herself 
thinking about how badly she wanted sex.  She felt 
a tingling sensation in her breasts and between 
her legs.  She noticed that her nipples were 
distended and that the moisture oozing from her 
pussy had produced an expanding wet spot in her 
tight blue and star hot pants.  Embarrassed, she 
hoped Althea did not see it.  The urge to reach 
down into her briefs and get her self off returned 
and became almost unbearable.

	Shaking her head to clear her mind of such 
thoughts, Wonder Woman looked around and was 
shocked.  The feast was turning into an orgy.  A 
sexual frenzy had come upon the women who very 
publicly were kissing and feeling each other up or 
even 69-ing on mats that had been laid out by the 
tables.  She turned to Althea expecting the Queen 
to stop this disgusting, though arousing, display 
of public immorality. 

	"The spirit of the god is upon us.  It is 
beautiful is it not?" the Queen said with a serene 
smile, seeming to defuse Wonder Woman's unspoken 
disapproval.  "It is the night of the 
Presentation.  It is fitting that women express 
our love, our desire for one another," she 
explained looking deep into Wonder woman's eyes.  
"We love you, too, Beautiful One."  Before the 
astonished Amazon could reply, the Queen placed 
her hand behind Wonder Woman's neck and was 
kissing her full on the lips.

	Wonder Woman's first instinct was to reject 
the overture, but with her reflexes dulled by the 
wine, she hesitated.  The Queen's kiss lingered 
and became more passionate.  The Queen's arms 
slipped around her, pulling her close, the 
voluptuous woman's large tits crushing her own.  
Wonder Woman realized to her horror that without 
thinking she was cuddling close to the older woman 
and kissing her back!  Her tongue and the Queen's 
were writhing together like love-sick snakes  What 
was happening to her?  Maybe it was the wine or 
that blasted pillar.  She had never done anything 
like this before.

	A wave of revulsion and shame swept over her 
and with an effort of will power she broke the 
kiss.  "Queen Althea, I thank you for your 
hospitality, but I really must go," she managed to 
make herself say.  "It's a long journey back to my 
country," she said, her voice quavering from 
barely suppressed lust.  The Queen would know that 
she was only making an excuse, that seeing women 
making love to women made her uncomfortable, but 
she wanted to be polite.

	The Queen continued to smile regally at her 
and did not seem offended.  "Oh please do not 
leave us just now, Beautiful One.  The feast has 
just begun.  You must stay for the Presentation.  
Is there nothing I can do to make you change your 
mind?

	Wonder Woman was about to say "no," but the 
words never got the chance to form.  The Queen, 
answering her own question, slipped a hand into 
Wonder Woman's costume and took possession of one 
of her tits.  "Do you not enjoy a woman's 
pleasures?" Althea whispered and kissed her again.  
"Stay, Beautiful One, and I will pleasure you."  
The bolt of erotic sensation that shot through 
Wonder Woman left her weak, too distracted to 
object.  In a kind of erotic daze, Wonder Woman 
allowed the Queen gently to pull her down onto  a 
nearby mat and to begin sucking first one then 
another of her sensitive Amazonian jugs in 
earnest.

	Wonder Woman's head swam.  She felt giddy, 
totally overpowered by a strange desire.  She knew 
this was totally wrong.  She had never allowed 
anyone, woman or man, o fondle her tits before.  
But she loved what this beautiful mature woman was 
doing to her boobs so much, she couldn't make her 
stop.  Wonder Woman's breath grew short and she 
felt a warmth almost like liquid fire growing 
inside her.  Great Zeus she was about to come and 
the woman hadn't even touched her cli...

	"No!  NO!  Aiiiiiii" Wonder Woman screamed in 
ecstasy.  Her body was convulsed by an intense 
orgasm as soon as the Queen's finger had touched 
her clitoris.  She may have blacked out for a few 
seconds.  When she opened her eyes again, the 
Queen was staring down at her lovingly .

	"That was good, Beautiful One.  You needed 
pleasuring, didn't you?"

	Wonder Woman could only look up at her in 
dazed confusion and nod her head `yes'.

	"I could see your need, Beautiful One, in 
your too rapid steps, the way you spoke too fast.  
You were tense and your mind was filled with many 
things a woman should not trouble with.  You will 
lie tonight with me.  I will relax you, ...  take 
away your cares....  I will fill you with 
pleasure, ... and empty ... your mind," she added 
ominously, but Wonder Woman didn't catch the hint 
of danger.  The Queen continued slowly to finger 
the overpowered superheroine's pussy.

	Wonder Woman thought dizzily she should 
leave, but the orgasm had left her disoriented and 
the words of her beautiful companion rang true.  
She did need to relax.  She had been working 
virtually twenty hours a day for weeks.  As Diana 
Prince she had a high-pressure job as a lawyer and 
as Wonder Woman she was constantly on call.  On 
call!  She started.  She should be off to continue 
her patrol right now, she thought something like 
panic gripping her chest.  Althea saw Wonder 
woman's reaction and quickly spoke a few words.  
The queen's voice and magic hand between her legs 
stopped Wonder Woman's thought in mid-formation, 
calming her instantly.

	"You shout too loudly when you come into a 
woman's pleasure, Beautiful One.  We shall 
continue, but you must accompany with me to my 
quarters.  It will be more ... seemly.

	This was insane.  A beautiful lesbian had 
just seduced her and now wanted to take her away 
to her quarters and fuck her senseless?  `No 
way!'.  Then she felt the Queen's magic hand move 
within her pussy again and a new wave of desire 
swept over her.  She needed the promised release.  
There was no way she could refuse.  The orgasm 
this time was not instantaneous.  She felt it 
build up -- slowly, deliciously, inevitably.  But 
when it burst over her, Wonder Woman was utterly 
transported!

	Wonder Woman's recollections after that 
orgasm were hazy.  Perhaps two young women helped 
steady her as the Queen lead her from the banquet 
to the Queen's quarters.  She was pretty sure that 
the Queen's fingers never left her pussy as she 
was taken away.  The Queen held her on the verge 
of another orgasm until the two young women gently 
put her to bed.  "Now we can take our pleasure in 
private, Beautiful One," the Queen said as she lay 
down beside her and took Wonder Woman in her arms 
again.

	No, this could not be happening to her, but 
then she felt the Queen's lips on her lips ... the 
`other' ones.  Oh no,    oh yes!  She was going 
down for a woman!  No mortal man could have forced 
apart Wonder Woman's powerful thighs, but the 
Queen found only the slightest resistance as she 
gently opened up Wonder Woman's dripping snatch to 
her kisses.  The aroused and panting Amazon could 
only moan when she felt the Queen's tongue invade 
the temple of her self.  All questions and caution 
were suddenly washed away by another orgasm, as 
the Queen gently sucked gently on her clitoris.

	The Amazonian Princess lost all track of 
time.  At some point she saw or rather sensed the 
Queen had turned around into the 69 position, 
placing her moist pussy just above Wonder Woman's 
face.  The Costumed Crime-Fighter had never done 
this, but in a orgasmic daze, she knew what was 
expected.  She reached up and pulled the Queen's 
dripping crotch to her mouth and began to drink 
from the older woman's copiously flowing slit.  
Soon she was rewarded when the Queen yelped and 
came, drenching Wonder Woman's mouth and lips with 
her pungent love juice.  This triggered yet 
another of Wonder Woman's orgasms  and then 
another as the Queen persistently tongued her slit 
and toyed with her clit.

	As one orgasm blended into another, Wonder 
Woman forgot where she was, who she was, totally 
submerged in the giving and receiving of pleasure.  
Then -- suddenly?   at last? she was aware of the 
Queen's rapturous face gazing down at her.  "That 
was good, Beautiful One.  Your body is full of 
pleasure.  Now you must sleep."

	"No, no" Wonder Woman wanted to say.  She 
could not go to sleep now.  She had to get up,... 
had to go to the plane,   had to ... but her 
unuttered protest was in vain,  The Queen's magic 
fingers found her sensitive clit once again and 
she felt the beginnings of another kind of 
volcanic eruption.  She could only gaze up into 
the Queen's eyes.

	"Yes, Beautiful One, you had much pleasure 
and now you are very tired.  You are totally 
satisfied, but so much pleasure has exhausted you.  
Just a little more pleasure will make you sleep."  
Wonder Woman could not focus clearly on the 
Queen's words, the approaching orgasm didn't let 
her.

	"It feels good, Beautiful One.  You love what 
I am doing to you, making you feel so calm and 
relaxed.  Your eyes are heavy.  Close them and 
drink the final draught of pleasure.  The pleasure 
makes you very drowsy, ... very drowsy...."

	"Something ... wrong,"  Wonder Woman thought 
as waves of sleepy arousal lapped ever higher 
against her mind's defenses.  "Got to fight it....  
She's... trying to hyp   hypnotize me..."

	"It' no use fighting me, Beautiful One, you 
are too sleepy  Your desire for more pleasure is 
too much.  Sleep....  Sleep!"

	"No, no" her terrified brain cried out, but 
her body's demands were too strong.  With a final 
caress of Wonder Woman's rigid sex bud the Queen 
brought the horny Amazon to a final, sense-numbing 
orgasm.  The last resistance of her powerful mind 
was swept away by a flood of erotic sensation and 
she fell deeply asleep in the Queen's arms.

	The Queen looked down with relief at the 
entranced Amazonian Princess.  She had done it!  
The most powerful woman in the universe had 
succumbed just as her Master had said she would.  
The drugged wine had worked, she laughed.  It had 
made the silly superheroine so horny, it had been 
easy to seduce and entrance her.  "Sleep well for 
now, Wonder Woman" she now said to her insentient 
adversary,  "Soon comes the Presentation and you 
are the `guest of honor.'"  A grin of evil 
satisfaction shown from the Queen's face

*****

	Hours later Wonder Woman half awoke on the 
bed in the Queen's chamber.  She was feeling 
wonderful, tingling with excitement as if she knew 
something important was about to happen but not 
what it was.  Outside it was still dark, but there 
were sounds of a pipe, beautiful, erotic notes, 
the same piping, now that she though about it, 
that she had heard in the grove of the phallus.  
Again she was aware of the need to leave this 
strange village, but the piping music held her.  
She was about to look outside when the Queen 
walked in.

	"I hope you had a good nap, Beautiful One.  
The time has come for the Presentation.  It is the 
most solemn ceremony of the year."

	"Thank you, Queen Althea, but I really must 
be leaving.  You see I have ..."

	"Nothing to do that is more important than 
attending the Presentation," said the Queen 
authoritatively waving her hand in the eyes of the 
astonished superheroine.

	Wonder Woman blinked in confusion.  The Queen 
was right again.  There was nothing more 
important.  The mere mention of the mysterious 
Presentation had stirred anew the feeling of 
excitement, sexual excitement.  "As you say, Queen 
Althea," she replied with a strangely calm voice.

	"But you cannot attend dressed as you are, my 
dear," said the Queen with a mysterious smile.  
"You are not properly attired.  Your strange 
clothes reek of power, almost defiance.  They are 
not fitting garments for a woman who is to be 
presented to the god.  You are to become the god's 
vessel, waiting to be filled.  Your raiment must 
show meekness and docility."

	Had Wonder Woman heard correctly?  *She* was 
not being presented to the god.  "Well," grinned 
Wonder Woman, "I'm really NOT a very meek and 
docile ..."

	The Queen ignored her silly prattle and 
clapped her hands.  Two lovely nymphs appeared.  
The same ones...?  "Prepare the Beautiful One for 
the Presentation," she ordered

	Then she turned back to the confused Amazon, 
"You will relax and let your attendants take 
charge of everything."

	Wonder Woman  suddenly felt an almost erotic 
tranquillity come over her, so much like earlier 
tonight after the Queen had first gotten her off.  
She hardly knew what the two girls were doing as 
they led her thither and yon, petted her and 
bathed her, toweled and perfumed her.  Their hands 
were never far from her nipples and playfully 
teased her moist crack.  She felt wonderful and 
more ... more *femenine* than ever in her life.  
"Now we will apply the unguents to prepare you for 
the Presentation," said the taller of the two.  
"Rest there."

	The powerful woman warrior allowed the two 
lithe young women to lead her back the bed where 
the Queen had made love to her.  Gently they lay 
her down and begin to massage her.  First they 
poured warm oils on her back and shoulders.  She 
sighed as she inhaled the pungent vapors that sent 
her mind drifting elsewhere.  Surprisingly strong 
fingers flew up and down her back and especially 
her large round ass.  Wonder Woman felt the 
reawakening of arousal as soft hands kneaded her 
buttocks and inner thighs,  Then she found herself 
face up, gazing into the excited faces of her two 
attendants.

	"Your body must glow for the God," one said 
and more oil was pored over her shapely naked 
figure.  The pretense of massage had long since 
disappeared, but this did not register with Wonder 
Woman's lust-befuddled brain.  The two women fell 
to work bringing the dreamy superheroine to full 
arousal.  One caressed her large sensitive breasts 
while the other began a stealthy but inexorable 
invasion of her womanhood.  Slowly they stoked the 
Amazon to a fever of arousal, but following their 
Mistress's orders, were careful not to allow her 
the release of orgasm.

	Wonder Woman's eyes were closed and she was 
moaning softly when the Queen appeared once again.  
"Well done, my sweets.  She appears to be in total 
readiness," she whispered to the two women, 
dismissing them.  "Come, now, Beautiful One.  Your 
sisters await you."

	Taking Wonder Woman by the hand the Queen bid 
the somnambulistic superheroine rise.  She opened 
her eyes to gaze into the Queen's but saw little 
else so strong was her almost trance-like arousal.  
Gently the Queen slipped a simple and very short 
shift over her sculpted shoulders.  In front it 
hung from her jutting tits, distended by arousal.  
In back it caressed her full rounded ass.  Nothing 
covered her sex.  She felt wonderfully, 
deliciously open and vulnerable.

	Wonder Woman was taken to join a dozen 
similarly dressed young women with dumb, happy 
expressions on their faces that matched her own.  
If she could have taken notice, Wonder Woman would 
have seen they were the same girls that had been 
served from the special pitcher at the banquet.  
Were not her super senses dulled by the spell of 
lust, she would also have smelled the surrounding 
musk of females ready for sex.  Like Wonder 
Woman's, her young companions' pussies were slowly 
leaking from intense sexual excitement.  Wonder 
Woman appeared almost twice the age of these 
maidens and her stature and breast size made her 
stand out from the rest, a mature, fully ripe 
woman among mere nymphs.  Hidden, masculine eyes 
admired the sight of the sex-transfixed Amazon.

	The beautiful piping led them outside the 
village to the mysterious pillar.  They walked 
around the great phallus three times, gazing 
upward at it reverently.  Each chosen woman was 
then placed before one of the smaller phalluses 
that encircled the powerful symbol towering above 
them.  Most of the phalluses were eight to twelve 
inches long.  The smaller women were placed before 
the smaller objects.  Wonder Woman's bliss-numb 
mind did not take in that she was positioned 
before the largest, a fourteen inch monster that 
had been laved and glistened with oil.

	"This is the hour, Little Sisters.  Your 
yearnings are fulfilled.  This is the hour of your 
Presentation!  Give yourselves freely, and may you 
be found worthy." the Queen intoned.  Then each 
woman was led to her phallus.  Gentle hands helped 
her to lower herself onto the object so it slid 
smoothly into her moist cunt.  Wonder Woman felt a 
momentary discomfort as the hands helped her 
impale herself, but she was well lubricated, her 
cunt loose from uncounted orgasms, and the massive 
cock slipped inside her effortlessly.  Immediately 
any discomfort was replaced by unbearable 
pleasure.  Slowly at first she began to ride up 
and down on the stone prick.

	As Wonder Woman began to writhe in growing 
excitement, her orgasm beginning to build, unseen 
hands grasped her breasts kneading them and 
pinching her nipples to increase the sensation.  
Others stroked and teased her clit.  Ecstasy such 
as she had never known rushed up at Wonder Woman 
from her loins.  Heavenly fire seem to spread from 
her crotch to her breasts and throughout her body.  
An orgasm that made those of earlier that night 
pale, erupted within her, racing from fingers to 
toes and back, again and again.  She split the 
night air with her brays of lustful pleasure, but 
her cries of defeat were drowned by the wails, 
sobs, moans, and shrieks of a dozen other 
simultaneously orgasming women.  She continued to 
thrash helplessly as she came again and again.  As 
at last she tired and slowed.  As her orgasmic 
high, gradually faded she slumped toward 
unconsciousness.  Strong masculine hands were 
waiting to lift her from the stone.

*****

	An hour later the God Pan, satisfied in more 
ways than one, smiled down at the still sleeping 
Amazon.  How he had longed for and plotted for 
this night.  He had established this colony of 
brainwashed women here years ago, populating it 
with his daughters.  Vulcan had helped by 
releasing the volcano's power.  His beautiful 
witch wife Althea had cast a spell to give the 
phallus its erotic power.  Pan's scheme was 
proceeding well.  Wonder Woman would cease to 
pollute the world as a role model for a generation 
of women, women who were too smart, too 
independent.  "No more, Amazon," he smirked.  "No 
more!"

*****

	In the bright sunlight of the next morning, 
everything of last night seemed like a dream.  The 
grateful women of the tribe gathered around the 
airplane waving good bye to the happy 
superheroine.  Only the Queen seemed more subdued.  
"Remember us, Beautiful One.  You can always come 
back here.  No matter what happens out there in 
the World of Men, we will always love you."

	Glowing with fond if hazy memories of the 
magical night she had spent in the village, Wonder 
Woman flew sleepily away, back to her world of 
crime fighting and, as Diana Prince, high powered 
legal battles.  But she could not put aside the 
memories of the village of happy women, especially 
the image of those gorgeous pregnant girls she had 
seen and their eagerness to have a baby.  Sadly, 
it was something her calling could never allow her 
to experience in either personae.

	Within a few days everything seemed back to 
normal, except that the horniness Wonder Woman 
first felt before the pillar would not leave her.  
For the first time in her life she found herself 
spending a lot of time with her legs open and her 
hands in her pussy.  She just had to get off 
constantly!  And with every orgasm, which seemed 
to get more intense as the days went by, came 
unbidden thoughts of motherhood.  How glorious it 
would be, she fantasized, to see her own belly 
swell, her own big boobs grow larger still as she 
made a baby.  She found herself staring at 
pregnant women and young couples with children and 
thought how wonderful it must be to be a mother.  
Was there a biological clock even for Amazons, she 
wondered?

	The fascination with pregnancy even invaded 
her dreams in which she saw her cute silky-smooth 
tummy expending and growing larger.  She awoke 
from these dreams about pregnancy hornier than 
ever, but she tried to dismiss them.  She could 
never allow herself to become pregnant.  She was a 
modern girl, holding down two very important jobs.  
If she became pregnant, how she could possibly 
continue in her crime fighting efforts.  In her 
case pregnancy was even more impossible since if 
she ever willingly gave herself to a man, her 
super powers would fade.  With growing efforts, 
she tried to keep these fantasies in the 
background.

	Disturbing as these fantasies were, Wonder 
Woman did not became concerned until she 
discovered that they seemed to be having a 
psychosomatic effect.  Was it just her 
imagination, or were her breasts actually larger 
and fuller, making her lycra top cling to her 
Amazonian tits like seran wrap.  No, it wasn't her 
imagination.  Diana measured and found her bra 
size had gone from a size 36D to 39E.  Moreover, 
having her now swollen breasts cramped into that 
tight lycra top with her nipples being as 
sensitive as they were, made her extremely horny.  
Her pants became wet within minutes whenever she 
was in her Wonder Woman costume which she found 
herself avoiding.

	At her apartment one day as she walked past a 
shiny metal cabinet, she noticed her reflection.  
She marveled at how large her breasts had grown 
and how they looked as if at any moment they would 
rip through the lycra top.  Her nipples were 
standing straight out and she could see clearly 
the definition of where her breast ended and her 
nipples began.  Although her nipples had stood out 
before there seemed to be something different 
about the way they protruded now, as if they were 
preparing themselves to be suckled.

	Moreover, she noticed that her whole body 
seemed to be growing rounder and softer.  She took 
a closer look at her reflection and felt a little 
shock.  Did she see a small definable bulge where 
a few days before had been only the hard flat 
stomach of a superheroine?  Now that she thought 
of it, her already tight fighting shorts had been 
getting more difficult to wiggle into with each 
passing week since she had visited the village.

	Her shorts now came up just past her belly 
button leaving half of her tummy exposed, and she 
could see that her belly button was being forced 
slowly but surely outward.  Her blue shorts seemed 
to cup and cradle that little bulge like a mother 
cradling an infant in her arms.  She placed her 
hands on her stomach and marveled at how sexy that 
little curve seemed to make her look. Especially 
since the tight fitting blue shorts seemed only to 
accentuate that curvature of her rounded tummy.  
It made her hot!

	She hurried to her bedroom to change out of 
her outfit and to get herself off.  She put on a 
sheer satin white nightgown which only accentuated 
the changes in her body.  The gown made her 
jetting breast look like two missiles that were 
getting ready to blast off into the stars.  It 
clung to her little stomach showing a clearly 
definable round little sphere.  She walked to her 
bed and climbed in covering up with the soft silk 
sheets.  The combination of the sheets clinging to 
her body and the shadows of the room only made 
that cute little bulge of her stomach seem larger.  
She was rubbing herself vigorously, near dozing 
off after a third orgasm when she became fully 
aware of the implication of the changes which had 
occurred in her body could mean.

	Could she actually be...?  Of course not!  
She had never slept with a man.  She just hadn't 
been getting enough exercise and she had been 
eating like a pig recently -- ice cream, pickles, 
the weirdest things.  "Get a grip, girl," she told 
herself.  "Tomorrow you start back exercising," as 
another orgasm put her to sleep for the night.

	Wonder Woman might not have liked her new 
look, but Steve sure did and pestered her for 
dates more than ever.  Horny as she was, it was 
getting harder to turn him down.  At last one 
night she let the delighted officer come in for a 
nightcap, as Diana was "out."  Just one glass of 
wine seemed to hit her like a bombshell.  Steve 
saw what was happening and before she knew it, he 
had his hands in her pants.  Only by the most 
extreme force of willpower did she force herself 
to push him away and send him off confused and 
seething.  As soon as the door closed her own hand 
flew to the site Steve's had just vacated and she 
brought herself to a screaming crashing orgasm.  
That was too close!  It was time for her to go on 
the pill.

	A few days later she showed up for the 
appointment with the OBGYN Batgirl recommended.  
She hated the sly look of triumph on her younger 
rival's slutty lips.  The self-righteous Amazon 
certainly had no intention of sleeping around like 
the promiscuous Bat-slut who seldom spent a night 
with her pussy unfilled, but precautions were 
precautions.

	The doctor asked Diana to undress.  With some 
embarrassment she did so, never having let a man 
see her naked before.  Why was he just smiling at 
her?  "You can get dressed and come into my office 
Miss Prince"

	"What's wrong?" she asked a few minutes later 
as she sat across from the smiling doctor.  "I 
thought you needed to examine me completely before 
giving me a prescription for contraceptives."

	"You should have thought about contraceptives 
a long time ago, young lady." he lectured.  
"You're three and a half months pregnant!"

	Back home, once the initial shock of being 
pregnant wore off, Wonder Woman tried to 
understand how this could have happened.  Then she 
recalled the tremendous orgasm that she had as she 
rode that strange stone in the village.  She also 
realized that the dreams and fantasies about 
pregnancy had started as soon as she returned from 
there  So the beliefs of the village women were 
true!  In some mysterious way that phallic-shaped 
pillar did have the power to impregnate a woman, 
even a Wonder Woman!

	Strangely, she was not really upset because 
of the joy that she now felt over having a baby.  
In fact she started growing horny with the 
anticipation of what it would feel like as her 
belly grew with each passing day.  Her hormones 
were raging so strongly at the thought of being 
pregnant that she could no longer control herself.  
She lay in bed and began to masturbate over and 
over bringing on one orgasm after the other until 
she was struck by a wonderful thought.  She was 
already pregnant; she didn't have to masturbate at 
all!

	Steve was surprised when a leering Wonder 
Woman showed up unannounced at his apartment.  He 
was shocked and delighted when he heard why she 
had come.  As Wonder Woman tried to fuck him for 
the fifth time that night, however, he was no 
longer so delighted.  Wonder Woman, too, was 
disappointed to find out that men had so little 
stamina.  How did mortal women make do with only 
one of them?  Nor did Steve's cock compare to the 
phallus in the village, she thought.

*****
	At first Wonder Woman tried to continue her 
career, but pregnancy made it increasingly 
difficult.  For example, one morning her crime 
alert went off sending her whisking off in her jet 
to stop a bank robbery.  On the way, however, she 
found herself suddenly feeling ill.  She felt so 
sick that she had to land the plane so that she 
could get out and vomit.  This was strange she 
thought because she had never been sick before.  
Still, she felt so bad, she decided the only thing 
to do was to return home.  It was only a bank 
robbery, she thought; the police could handle that 
themselves.

	Shortly afterwards, Wonder Woman had a 
terrible row with Steve.  His pride at having 
knocked up Wonder woman turned to fury when he 
figured out she had been well pregnant before they 
started sleeping together.  He assumed she was 
going to name him as the father and ask for child 
support.  That made Wonder woman livid.  Steve 
said some terrible things about her and demanded 
to know who she had been sleeping around with, 
insinuating that the little bastard that was on 
its way might have little pointy bat ears.  That 
made Wonder Woman so mad she refused to fuck him 
for almost a day.

	The police soon stopped calling as Wonder 
Woman became more and more unreliable, between 
morning sickness and just feeling sleepy all the 
time.  Diana Prince was fired from her job at the 
law firm because as her belly expanded, her IQ 
seemed to shrink.  She was just too horny all the 
time to think logically anymore.

	The last straw was when the media got wind or 
her condition.  Photos in the tabloid Gotham 
Gazette of an obviously pregnant Wonder Woman 
waddling ineffectually after a bank robber held 
her up to ridicule.  Rush Limbach pontificated 
that "Little girls who want to play superheroine 
should learn to keep their knees together."

	Wonder Woman knew she had to escape the 
humiliation, but the though of going home to 
Paradise Isle was worse that staying in the 
Gotham.  Her mother and the other Amazons would 
never believe her story, thinking she was just 
another oversexed Amazon who had been corrupted by 
the world of men.  No there was only one place to 
go ...

*****

	A throng of cheering women greeted Wonder 
Woman as she set her plane down by the little 
native village.  She maneuvered her now swollen 
belly out of the cockpit and sent the invisible 
aircraft away, back to Paradise Isle never to 
return.  No one could possible find her now.  Here 
there would be no shame, no regrets, only love and 
acceptance.

	Queen Althea was there to greet her.  
"Welcome back, Beautiful One.  I knew you would 
return."

	"You did, but how?"

	"This," she smiled and patted Wonder Woman's 
tight belly.  "Of all women at the Presentation, 
how could the god `not' have found you worthy?  
Let's get you set up in the maternity house."

The women escorted her to a large, airy lodge on 
the outskirts of the village.  Wonder Woman looked 
around and noticed that all the other girls that 
had been Presented that moonlit nights months ago 
were there and all were in the same marvelous 
condition as she.  They pointed their fingers at 
her big tummy and giggled.  She wanted to giggle 
back.  They welcomed her like one of their own, as 
she was, just another horny, knocked-up young 
woman.  Wonder Woman found that the maternity 
house was a big playground where the little 
mommies-to-be were just as horny as she was.  They 
could eat and make love to their heart's content.  
She immediately became like an older sister to all 
of them and they *loved* her for it.  Nights and 
siestas Wonder Woman usually found a girl sucking 
her bloated tits while another snuggled between 
her now quite plump legs, lapping her to a 
relaxing, sleepy orgasm.

	Wonder Woman was neither the first nor the 
last whose time came.  When her contractions set 
in, the older women gently led her to the birthing 
lodge where they examined her.  On determining 
that she was indeed in labor, the beautiful 
attendant gave her a soothing tea that made her 
very drowsy and put her in bed.  Speaking in a 
sing-song voice and putting her fingers in Wonder 
woman's cunt, the midwife brought her to a series 
of powerful orgasms that put her into a deep 
sleep.

	When Wonder Woman woke up she was horny again 
and she knew why.  She smiled through closed eyes 
as she felt one of her sisters sucking her tit.  
But, the sucking didn't feel quite like what she 
was used to.  It seemed both more delicate and 
more persistent.  As she finally opened her eyes, 
she let out a squeak of joy to see a beautiful 
little girl nursing vigorously at her large 
exposed breast.

*****

	Two weeks later Wonder Woman was back at the 
maternity lodge, again happily nursing her rapidly 
growing daughter.  The plump little angel had 
suckled almost thirty minutes at both  breasts 
before falling back to sleep, drugged by her 
mother's rich milk.  As always, the experience 
left Wonder Woman very much aroused.  A nurse had 
taken the infant away and she was about to begin 
masturbating when Queen Althea arrived.

	"I came to see how you're feeling.  Are you 
all recovered?" the queen asked.

	"Oh yes, Althea.  The herb baths have me 
fully healed and feeling wonderful.  Thank you for 
coming  You have been so good to me, Althea," 
Wonder Woman overflowed.  "Being here is wonderful 
and I love my new daughter so much.  I owe it all 
to you!"

	Queen Althea smiled back knowingly.  With a 
hint of hardness in her voice she said, "Well, not 
`everything,' sweetie.  There is someone else who 
had just a little bit to do with it."  She 
gestured and in stepped a powerfully handsome 
horned figure.  "Perhaps you should get to know 
your little girl's father."

	Wonder Woman looked and her happiness turned 
to horror at the sight of satyr-god, Pan, the 
Amazons' ancient enemy.  A thousand thoughts 
tumbled through her brain at the same time.  
Despair!  Treachery!  Shame!, but also, to her 
chagrin, a powerful physical attraction to the 
undeniably macho form before her.  The Queen saw 
her reaction and waved her hand.  Everything but 
the attraction disappeared.

	"But how....?  I thought ... that night ...  
the pillar ...?"

	"Didn't you learn anything about the birds 
and the bees out there in the World of Men?"  
Althea asked sarcastically.  "Babies don't come 
from Paris in a box and they sure don't come from 
humping yourself to silly on a granite dildo, my 
dear.  You got knocked up the same way as every 
other woman in the world has.  My husband put his 
big marvelous prick between those pretty legs of 
yours and filled your fertile cunt full of his 
semen.  You were impregnated by a master cocksman, 
darling," she smiled and looked with pride at the 
beaming Pan.

	Wonder Woman could only gape.

	"You were dazed but still in a delightful rut 
when we pulled you off of the phallus," Pan 
continued.  "I had inseminated my daughters 
quickly so I could spend the rest of the night 
with you.  I wanted to make sure you were well 
serviced," he grinned.  "I climaxed you several 
times to ready the body for conception, especially 
after the `preparations.'"

	"Yes, you see I did more than just hypnotize 
you that night to make you horny and submissive," 
explained Althea.  "The herbs in the massage oil 
my servants used contained large amounts of a 
substance very much like female sex hormones.  
Breathing those fumes re-arranged your monthly 
cycle and made you extremely fertile that night."

	"All you needed was my sperm," continued Pan.  
"Your conscious mind didn't even know when I laid 
you back and put my penis in you, but your reptile 
brain knew.  I hardly needed to get you into the 
best position.  You yourself lifted your legs to 
my shoulders so that every stroke would slam my 
cock deep into your hot cunt.  Your hips bucked 
and thrust in perfect time with me.  Every entry 
was deeper than the one before.  You began to 
orgasm almost as soon as I penetrated you and you 
didn't stop until I unloaded a bucket of come in 
you."

	"But we made sure, Wonder Woman." Althea was 
taunting her now.  "We kept you on your back with 
your legs up on pillows so none of the semen would 
run out until my sexy mate could get it up to do 
you again.  Then he fucked you a second time.  We 
kept pillows under your ass and plugged your 
vagina with a dildo to keep you full of my 
husband's potent cum come all night.  I put you 
back into a trance so you would sleep.  My serving 
girls kept working the dildo bringing you to one 
soft rolling orgasm after another to promote 
conception.  There was no way you could have left 
the island without being knocked up."

	"You'll pay for this, Pan!  I'll..."  Wonder 
Woman snarled.

	"Do nothing.  You can do nothing," smirked 
Althea.  "Your powers are already fading.  Soon 
you will no longer be Wonder Woman."

	"You're Wrong, Althea.  I lose my powers only 
if I *willingly* give myself to a man.  The night 
of the Presentation doesn't count.  You yourself 
just said, I was drugged and hypnotized."

	"Yes, of course you were.  That's why it was 
important to send you back to Gotham horny as a 
skunk, to learn there that you were pregnant, and 
in your despair..."  Althea's voice trailed off.

	"Oh, no!..." Wonder Woman gasped.  "Steve!"

	"Yes, Wonder Woman," Althea hissed 
triumphantly.  "You *willingly* gave yourself to 
Steve.  Then, when he and everyone rejected you, 
you came running here into our trap, as we knew 
you would!" Althea beamed.

	"With you out of the way, Wonder Woman, 
resistance to my plans for the World of Men is 
crumbling.  Your sexless strength was a perverse 
example to millions of women.  Now things are 
returning to `normal,'" Pan sneered.  "Althea and 
I have been traveling around influencing events 
and attitudes quite successfully."

	"While you were fucking yourself sill with 
the girls in the birthing lodge, Althea started a 
popular new talk show on public TV," Pan continued 
with a self-satisfied smile.  "You would be amazed 
how many top women executives, professionals, 
scientists after watching Althea have given up the 
struggle and let their husbands and boyfriends 
make them pregnant.  Young women are dropping out 
of law schools and medical schools in droves to 
take care of unexpected babies.  Mid-career men 
are finding new opportunities opening up as their 
smarter women rivals find they have to stay home 
to nurse "surprise" additions to their families.  
You might be interested to hear that even Batgirl 
hung up her ears when she found she was going to 
be the mother of twins," Pan beamed.

	A crushed Wonder Woman began to sob 
inconsolably.  "What.... what happens to me now?" 
whimpered the humiliated and defeated ex-
superheroine.

	"That's the best part, my dear!" Pam boomed.  
"You and your new daughter will make you home with 
us at the Palace.  I am going to make you my 
Junior Queen.  Althea has spent eons practicing 
how to please a man and she is one hell of a 
fuck," Pan smiled affectionately at his elegant 
mate.  "But she has so many things to do -- 
traveling with me , casting spells, and all.  More 
pregnancies would interfere with that .  We 
decided I needed a younger, stronger mate to do 
the child bearing from now on."

	"Oh, no!  No,  No!" cried Wonder Woman, but 
her body betrayed her words.  She burned with 
shame to realize she was terribly aroused at the 
thought that this virile creature was going to 
breed her ... again and again.

	"Oh yes!" Pan gloated.  "Although you are no 
longer Wonder Woman, you are still a marvelously 
strong and healthy woman.  I'm going see that you 
stay pregnant from now on.  You will be a 
wonderful baby making machine for me.  I'm sorry 
we will have to take your daughter away from you 
for a while, but as you know, nursing delays the 
re-establishment of your fertility; we couldn't 
allow that.  Now, would you like me to start 
breeding you again right now or later this 
afternoon when we take you to your new home?" Pan 
asked.

	Wonder Woman continued to sob softly, but a 
very visible wet spot was growing on her gown.

	"Well, I guess you have the Wonder Slut's 
answer," sniffed Althea.

	Pan stepped forward and pushed aside his 
tunic.  He fondled Wonder Woman's breasts for a 
few seconds until she was moaning in bot despair 
and arousal, then he pushed her down over a chair, 
pulled down her panties, and rucked up her gown.  
Positioning his cock at the opening of the weeping 
cunt of the ex-superheroine, the smirking god 
turned to Althea.  "Do you want to wait outside 
darling while I impregnate this bitch?"

	"Oh no, my Lord.  She's almost as much my 
project as yours.  I want to WATCH!"

The End

Comments welcomed at:
the_story_writer@yahoo.com

-------------------------------------------------
It's okay to *READ* stories about unprotected sex
with strangers. But it isn't okay to *HAVE*
unprotected sex with strangers!!  You only have
one body per lifetime, so take good care of it.
