Sex, pizza, gaming, sex...

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Nancy, Chapter 14 (MF, cheat, parody, impreg?, rom)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

They dozed for a while, entwined in Nancy's marital bed. Del woke when his phone indicated that someone had sent him a social message. When he checked it, he saw that Melanie was checking in:

*Hey u not @ school 2day?*

He typed back, *Nope just taking a day off to help my landlady*

*Aw your so nice*

He winced at her 'your' vs. 'you're' mixup, but kept quiet about it. He didn't really know what to type back, so he let the conversation drop.

"Help a girl up to pee?"

He turned and saw Nancy's embarrassed face. "Oh, yeah, c'mere..."

She didn't want him to stick around for that, though, and waved him out of the room once he got her situated on the porcelain throne. After she was done, he helped her back to bed.

"Don't tell me," she said, "you engineered all this sex so I'd stay in bed and off of my ankle."

"Guilty as charged!" he said, his hands in the air. Then he fell upon her again and they made out for a while, but since they were still recovering from earlier, they soon fell back into slumber.

---

"Pizza?"

Del opened his eyes. "What time is it?"

"Almost four," she replied, looking at her phone. "Guess we needed the rest."

"Yeah, pizza sounds really good."

Nancy donned another t-shirt and panties, the latter only so that she wouldn't be leaking Del's cum, and he helped her downstairs. After the food was delivered and they ate, they played more Dragon Era on the couch.

"So now that we've fucked Alain, can we do it again?" she asked, sitting behind him this time, her legs akimbo about his hips as he leaned forward to allow the shorter woman to see the screen over his shoulder.

"Yeah, but it just repeats the same animation. Now that we have Lily and Vezzir in the party, we can start flirting with them too."

"Lily the bard? So we can be bi, huh?" She considered. "Or Vezzir the Elf? He seems too cocksure."

Del looked back at her. "You don't like confident men? You seemed to like it when I took charge."

She blushed. "Okay, fine, let's go talk to him."

Soon, though, Nancy's hands wandered, rubbing at Del's shoulders.

"That's nice..." he sighed. "Yard work's kinda tough."

She moved her hands down to his lower back. He had opened up a line of questioning that she didn't want to follow up on. 'What else does Trista have you doing over there, Del? Polishing knobs? Some drain snaking?' That conversation would kill the mood...how could she argue the propriety of him fucking Trista while Nancy, a married woman herself, had been boffing him all day? She didn't own Del, nor did he own her. What he did over at Trista's was none of her business, and she didn't want to think about it anymore.

Her hand slipped around his hip and massaged his bulge. Del paused the game and moved a hand back, between her legs, and she moaned as he quickly found her clit. Feeling the need to take him for herself, she slipped from behind him on her knees, making sure to keep her bad ankle off of the couch, and told him to take his clothes off. He was quickly naked, his hard cock ready and willing. "I wanna do this again..." she said, climbing into his lap and rubbing her panty-covered pussy along his hard shaft.

He pulled her shirt up and off of her, and dove into her large breasts, licking and sucking. The last time they had done this, a couple weeks previous, she had gotten overheated and put the head of his cock into her panties, where he blew a huge load all over her clit and pussy lips. This time, however, she pulled her panties to the side, angled his stiff member up, and then sank her hot, wet pussy down upon it.

"Ohh, Nancy..." he moaned, and looked up at her adoringly.

She grabbed his face and kissed him passionately as she rode him. After all the sex they'd had earlier, her vagina was able to take him more easily, but she still felt incredibly full inside. It was the same day, she told herself, so still safe. She was going to ride him until he filled her up with his hot cum again. Her pussy gave a pleasurable twitch at that thought, and she bounced harder.

Del broke the kiss and took one of her substantial nipples into his mouth.

"Hnng!" As he started to suck, Nancy grunted as an orgasm quickly blew through her. Her body felt overheated, filled with energy as she rode him hard.

Del switched breasts and he felt another small orgasm ripple through Nancy's pussy and along his cock. "Mmf!" he cried out as her demanding body pulled his own orgasm from his loins. He lay back and arched his spine. "Ohh...aughh! Nancyy!"

Her eyes opened wide as she felt Del's shaft expand inside her needy pussy and then fill her with hot love. She felt her breasts, with their hard nipples, bouncing up and down as she continued to ride him, urging more of his cum to fill her deepest recesses. "Uhhh! Ahaaa!" she cried out in pleasure as the younger man inseminated her nearly fertile body.

She lay upon him, her body shaking from orgasmic aftershocks. "H-uhh! You fuck me so good, Del..."

"Yfkmisgud..."

She found that his face had been buried by her ample chest, so his attempt to speak had reverberated through the flesh of her breasts. "Oops!" She pulled back.

"You fuck ME so good...you're amazing, Nancy."

"Ohh..." Her eyes shone a little as she caressed his cheek and gave him a loving kiss.

---

That night, he joined her in her bed, 'just in case she needed anything.' What she needed, apparently, was another injection of his potent sperm inside her body that was rapidly approaching its fertile time of the month before they finally fell asleep, tired but happy.

At about 3 AM, she woke up with Del's hard cock grinding at her ass as he slept. As she had done the previous night, she slipped his shaft between her legs where the tip pressed against her pussy. Unlike the previous night, though, she wasn't wearing panties, and before long Del woke up as his cock slipped inside her.

It's past midnight but not really tomorrow, she told herself as he got to his knees to fuck her from behind while she lay on her side. It'll be tomorrow when we get up, and then we'll have to start using condoms, she decided.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)