The Most Bashful Girl in the Whole Wide World (story codes: F(18)solo)

by Chris Hailey
Copyright 2013

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH




Amanda Henderson stood somewhat uncomfortably as the man took a couple of pictures of her. She tried to look as sexy as possible, even though she was only wearing her street clothes. But she knew it wasn't working. She just isn't sexy. She's short, small-breasted, dark-haired, the exact opposite of what any man would consider "sexy." This whole thing was just a stupid idea from the beginning.

She'd responded to an ad in her college newspaper that said, "Models wanted, good pay, opportunity to travel." Her mom had been a model way back when, and wanted Amanda to model, too. So they had put together a portfolio for Amanda when she was young, and shopped it around, and she did get a couple of modest paying gigs modeling swimwear and dresses. But photographers didn't like working with her. She was cute enough, at least when she was younger, but she was just too shy. One photographer, while Amanda stood right there feeling unbelievably embarrassed and stupid, told her mother to never bring her daughter back to his studio again. "She is the most bashful girl in the whole wide world and she will never be a good model. I cannot afford to waste my time with her."

That's Amanda. The most bashful girl in the whole wide world.

The man at the agency looked over her portfolio after she'd arrived. He looked up at her. "I got some'in in mind for you. It pays $250, which ain't much, but you get a plane ticket to St. Petersburg--the one in Russia--and a hotel room, all expenses paid."

"Wow!" Amanda said. "That sounds wonderful!"

"You are willing to do erotic photos, right?"

Amanda gulped. The thought had not occurred to her. "You mean, like, porn?" She scrunched her face up and felt a little disappointed. No way is she doing porn.

"Well, not really porn, just some pictures. Sexy pictures."

"Like, topless pictures?"

"Yeah, something like that."

Amanda gulped again. But she managed to croak out, "OK." A free trip to St. Petersburg is exactly what she wanted--what she deserved, after doing so well in her first semester in college. She would probably die of nervousness and embarrassment to take her shirt off in front of a man, but she just had to try. She felt herself blushing at the prospect of being topless in front of a man.

"Excellent," the agent said. "This guy's a real pro, you got nothing to worry about. His wife does his makeup and translates for him so she's always on the set. And he's good, he's famous, so he can afford to pay a little bit more than most of them do, and he almost always gets his sets published so you will definitely get some exposure. Tell you what, I need to take a couple quick pictures of you to send to him, and I'll send him your portfolio, too, and we'll see what he says, OK?"



Inside every shy girl is a little whore just waiting to come out.

That's what Nikolai Rudnikov has learned, and it is that knowledge that has made him successful.

Nikolai was unenthusiastic when he started opening the letter he'd just received from a talent scout in the United States. Girls from the United States almost never work out. Most are porn stars, or at least strippers. Nikolai has had more than enough American porn stars and strippers in front of his camera. They are boring, and the thing Nikolai Rudnikov hates the most about being an erotic photographer is how boring it can be.

You see, Nikolai would tell you, if you bought him enough vodka and beer and he were in the mood to be giving away his trade secrets, everyone knows that a good erotic photoset is about the seduction. But they all misunderstand what this means. They all think that a good erotic model, like a stripper or a porn star, must seduce the man.

But it is not true. It is wrong. Models who think it is their job to seduce the man are boring. Men are easy to seduce, we will fuck anything with a pussy. Some models are better than others at playing the seductress, most are terrible at it. But all of them are boring to Nikolai Rudnikov.

To be a truly fine erotic photoset, it must be the man--the viewer, the masturbator if you will--he must be the one who is doing the seducing. He must become a part of the scene himself. He must enter the scene in his mind and convince the girl that she should take her clothes off for him, and then convince her that she should lay down and spread her legs and invite him to fuck her. This is what a man wants; an innocent girl who must be convinced--who <i>will</i> be convinced--to give herself to him.

It is this understanding that has made Nikolai Rudnikov a successful photographer.

The problem that he has is the girls. Even the best models, who know what Nikolai is after and who play the shy girl part quite well, they are too artificial. No, Nikolai Rudnikov needs the real thing, a girl who has never taken her clothes off in front of a camera before. She must be young, it is best if she is also a virgin, so that when he finally convinces her to lay down and spread her legs for the camera, it is the first time she has ever opened herself for any man. Yes, it is pictures like that that have made Nikolai Rudnikov's career.

And so, Nikolai was unenthusiastic when he opened that letter from the talent scout in the United States. But he was familiar with this particular talent scout and so he read the letter and looked at the sample photographs and the girl's portfolio.

Oh, yes. This is exactly what I want.



Mariya Rudnikova met Amanda Henderson at the airport. Mariya liked her job. It was fun to meet new girls, young and fresh and excited, and show them around the big beautiful city of St. Petersburg. She and her husband did not make much money, but they made enough to be comfortable, and if in the process they were able to help some young girls begin their modelling career and do a little bit of traveling, then it was worth it to her.

Amanda seemed like a nice girl, although she was very shy. This made Mariya smile. She knew her husband would love working with this cute shy little American girl. She was exactly what he wanted. Assuming they could get her to do what they need her to do, they ought to be able to sell her photos to one of the top web sites, and they might be able to demand a high price, as well. If only they can get her to do what they need her to do.

"We will go to your hotel so you can settle in," Mariya told Amanda, "and then I would like to show you around the city, would you like that?"

"Yeah!" the girl said, sounding bubbly and excited.

"Excellent. Nikolai will meet us at some point, as he wishes to take pictures of you enjoying our wonderful city."

"That sounds nice."

Mariya and Amanda spent several hours shopping and sight-seeing and eating lunch at a nice place that is a favorite of Mariya's. It was a wonderful time. They met Nikolai around three o'clock in the afternoon at the Palace Square and he took many, many pictures of Amanda as she enjoyed the sights of St. Petersburg. Then they stopped for an early dinner at cute little restaurant, where they sat outside in the warm, fading sunlight, and Nikolai ordered a couple bottles of wine and took pictures of Amanda as she enjoyed a glass or two, or three.

Then they went back to the Rudnikovs' apartment.



Amanda was feeling quite comfortable by now. Mariya was so nice, and Nikolai was very professional. He was very good for Amanda, because she was so inexperienced she really had no idea what to do, and he was always gently but authoritatively telling her how he wanted her to pose (usually translated by Mariya, since his English was poor).

He took a few pictures of her coming through the front door of their apartment and taking her jacket off; then Mariya took Amanda into the bathroom to touch up her makeup while Nikolai got ready in his studio.

Nikolai's studio was really just a spare bedroom in their apartment; there was a bed, and a couch, and some other furniture, making it look like a regular bedroom except for all the lights and photographic equipment. Amanda sat down on the couch and Nikolai took a few more pictures. She felt very nervous as she sat there, and she was sure that she looked even more nervous in the pictures. But the Rudnikovs did not seem to mind, they seemed entirely pleased with how the photoshoot was going so far.

Nikolai said something to her in Russian and Mariya translated. "Take off your sweater now," she said.

Amanda tried to act sexy as she took off her sweater, but she's pretty sure she just looked shy and clumsy.

Underneath the sweater she was wearing a teeshirt that was tight against her small breasts, and she had no bra on, which made her feel very exposed.

Nikolai took a few pictures of her in her teeshirt, including a couple of close-up pictures of her breasts, her nipples standing up visibly through the thin, tight fabric. Her heart was pounding already and she wasn't even topless yet! She was so nervous that she wasn't even sure if she could go through with it.

Nikolai said something in Russian again, and Mariya translated: "Start unbuttoning your pants now," she said.

"My pants?"

"Yes, just unbutton them."

"OK." Nikolai took pictures of her as she unbuttoned them.

"Now open your pants, so we can see your panties, and sit back," Mariya told her.

Nikolai took a picture of her as she sat back, her pants open; she was wearing a little pair of white panties that didn't quite cover her pubic hair and a few curls of her dark hair were visible above the top of the panties. Her heart was pounding even harder and she couldn't even think about trying to look sexy now. She knew she looked totally nervous but the Rudnikovs didn't seem to mind.

Nikolai said something to his wife, and she walked up to Amanda and put her hands on her knees, and then spread her legs open. "There," she said, smiling nicely at Amanda. "Like that."

And then Amanda sat there with her legs spread open, her panties showing, leaning back on the couch. She felt very dirty and nervous and embarrassed, sitting there like that, as Nikolai took several pictures, including a couple of close-up pictures of her face as she blushed.

"Now, your pants, take off," Nikolai said to her in his thick Russian accent.

"You want me to take my pants off? What about my shirt? I thought you wanted me to be topless."

"Pants first, shirt next," he said.

She pulled her pants down as he took several pictures.

"Legs open," he said, very directly, when she got her pants off.

"You want me to spread my legs again? I don't think I can, I'm too embarrassed!"

Mariya smiled sweetly at her, then said something to her husband in Russian. They talked for a moment, and then he nodded.

"Is OK, Amanda," Mariya said. "You just sit there like that."

Nikolai took a few pictures, then said something in Russian.

"Start taking your shirt off, slowly," Mariya said.

Amanda nodded. Her heart felt like it was going to explode. She'd never, ever, taken her shirt off in front of a man before. She had had a few boyfriends, of course, and they'd felt her up and stuff, but she'd never taken her shirt off for them.

She sat up and tried really, really hard to look sexy as she pulled the shirt off, but she felt like it must have just looked like she was the most nervous and bashful girl in the world.

Nikolai took a bunch of pictures of her as she pulled her shirt off and then she just sat there, topless, her arms wrapped around her chest to hide her breasts. He took some pictures of her like that, then lowered the camera.

Nikolai looked over at Mariya, who smiled at him. Then she turned to Amanda and gave her a nice smile as well. "Is OK," she said to her, "you can show us your breasts."

She smiled as best she could back at her new friend. "I'm just so nervous," she said.

"I understand. But you look very beautiful."

"You're just saying that," she said. But she did lower her arms, and then smiled nervously at the camera as Nikolai took pictures.

As he framed her face and bosom in the camera, he contemplated her. She is not exactly beautiful, is she? She is very cute, in an odd sort of way. Cute in part simply because she could almost pass for twelve years old, with that little blushing freckled face and her tiny body. Her dark hair is pretty enough but it is wavy and plain and can hardly be considered above average, and one result was too much facial hair--she could definitely use to trim her eyebrows.

Her tits are awfully damn cute, though, he thought to himself as he focused the camera in on her chest. Really small, but really adorable, with cute little stiff nipples sticking up in anticipation, just crying out to be sucked. He focused the camera in tight on one of her nipples. Guys love tight shots of nipples. It lets us pretend that the chick in the photo is our girlfriend, because you only get to be that close to a girl's nipple and to stare at it for as long as you want and memorize everything about it; you only get that if she's your girlfriend.

And his new girlfriend, Amanda, had a fantastic little nipple. It was dark pink, and not wide, no more than a inch in diameter. But it stood up, puffing above her little breast, covered in little pale goosebumps as it rose until it reached its apex, a thick, stiff, leathery nub. Oh yeah, he thought to himself as he moved to the side to get a tight shot in profile, the nipple puffing up above the small breast at least an inch. That's an adorable fucking nipple. And I'll bet it's never been inside a man's mouth before. Nikolai Rudnikov had become very jaded over his many years as an erotic photographer, very, very few models turn him on any more. In fact he can't remember the last time he was turned on by a model. And yet he was amazed to find that his cock was growing hard in his pants as he looked through his camera's viewfinder at Amanda Henderson's adorable little nipple. If his wife wasn't in the room...

Amanda's heart was racing as the photographer focused in on her breasts. She'd never shown her breasts to a man before, and yet here she was, letting Nikolai take close up pictures of them! She felt so embarrassed, and so shy, she just wanted to cover them up, lift her arms and hide them from him. He couldn't possibly like them, could he? They are just boring little breasts, too small to be of any interest to any man. When he finally lowered the camera, she lifted her arms up and crossed them over her chest and hid her breasts from him.

He said something in Russian to his wife, who then smiled sweetly at Amanda. "You should get on the bed now," she said to her.

"On the bed?"

"Yes, on your hands and knees on the bed."

Amanda started standing up, keeping her breasts covered with her arm. "On my hands and knees?"

"Yes, that's right."

"I... OK, I'm just really nervous." Mariya smiled at her and Amanda climbed onto the bed. She had to hold herself up with only one arm so that she could cover her breasts with the other.

Nikolai took a few pictures of her like that. Then he said, gently but firmly, "Arm down now."

And the really strange thing for Amanda was that she wanted to obey him. She wanted to do what he told her to do. Even though she was so embarrassed and shy, she did what he told her to do and lowered her arm. He took several pictures of her breasts hanging down from her chest and she felt her face getting hot and she was so nervous but she just sat there and tried her hardest to smile at the camera while he took the pictures.

As Nikolai framed her breast hanging down from her chest, he had to smile. He loves a little breast, all pointy and cone-shaped, nothing like the big floppies that most porn stars have. This, yes, this was an exquisite little titty, an adorable underdeveloped girlish breast. His cock was throbbing in his pants now and he wanted to reach out and touch it, pull on her sweet little nipple, maybe even slide underneath her and latch onto it and suck. He definitely hadn't been this turned on by a model in many years.

He stood up and said something to his wife, and she translated: "Now pull your panties down over your ass," she said.

"My panties?" Amanda asked, looking back over her shoulder at Mariya.

"Yes."

"But... I thought this was just a topless shoot."

"No, you need to take your panties down, too. Just pull them down over your bottom, here, I'll help." Mariya reached out and put a hand gently on Amanda's back, an almost motherly touch, then slipped both hands under the waistband of her panties and pulled them down, only enough that Amanda's ass was bare.

Amanda's heart was thumping so hard in her chest she thought it would pound right out of her. She felt so embarrassed and shy, she didn't want to have her panties down, she didn't want to have anyone taking pictures of her bare bottom. But there was Nikolai, behind her, taking pictures of her with her panties pulled down over her buttocks. Then he said something to his wife, who reached down to the hem of Amanda's panties again and pulled them down even further until they fell to her knees.

She could hear the camera taking picture after picture of her with her panties all the way off of her bottom now, and she felt so dirty and embarrassed, she thought she was going to start to cry. She was pretty sure that he could see... Oh my god! He can see my vagina! He's taking pictures of my vagina! And then she really did start to cry. She was so embarrassed and bashful, the most bashful girl in the whole wide world, and she really didn't want anyone taking pictures of her vagina, so she just started to cry.

Nikolai lowered his camera and stepped away, turning his back. Mariya, meanwhile, put her hand on Amanda's back in a motherly way again. "It's OK, Amanda," she said in a nice voice. "You're doing just great."

Amanda looked up at her and tried to smile. Then she lay down on her side and wiped a few tears from her eyes. "I'm sorry. I'm just so shy."

Mariya smiled at her. "I understand."

"Do you think I can put my panties back on now?"

"Yes, I think so. But, you do have to take them off again."

"Really?" Amanda felt tears coming again.

"Yes. You have to be naked."

"I... I don't know if I can. I think I'm too shy."

Mariya gave her a reassuring smile and put her hand on her side. "I think you'll do fine. You were able to take your shirt off, right? I think you'll be able to take your panties off, too. You'll get used to it."

"I... I guess you're right."

"Yes," Mariya said in a soft and soothing voice. "Maybe you should take them off now?"

"Maybe. Maybe I could. OK."

Mariya stepped back a bit and her husband took several pictures of Amanda as she lay on her side and pulled her panties off.

When she was completely naked, Nikolai spoke to his wife, who then said to Amanda, "Lay down on your back now."

Amanda lay down, being very careful to keep her legs crossed so that she was hiding her sex from the camera. She knew that the pictures were showing her pubic hair, but at least they weren't showing her vagina. But after four or five pictures, Nikolai said something more to his wife, who then said to Mariya, "You need to open your legs now."

"My legs?"

"Yes. You need to show the camera your lips."

"My lips?" Her heart was pounding hard.

"Yes, your pussy lips."

"I don't think I can, I think I'm just way too shy." She felt like she was going to start crying again.

Nikolai spoke, in Russian. His tone was strong and masculine, but at the same time quiet and reassuring. 

"Nikolai asks me to tell you," Mariya said, "that at some point, every girl must open her legs for a man." 

Nikolai spoke again in that same authoritative but gentle voice. 

"It is the duty of every woman," his wife translated as he spoke, "to open her legs."

Amanda looked over at Nikolai. She felt her need to cry was passing in the presence of his strength and authority. He spoke in his soothing voice again.

"It is your time, now," Mariya said. "It is your time to open your legs for a man."

She looked at Nikolai. Their eyes met, their eyes locked, and she nodded. And she opened her legs.

As she sat there with her legs spread open, looking at Nikolai while he took many, many pictures of her, she felt embarrassed and nervous and dirty and bashful, the most bashful girl in the whole wide world, but she knew it didn't matter any more, she knew that she was doing her duty and she was glad. She felt more like a woman at that moment than she ever had in her life.

And then suddenly she thought about Nikolai, about how he was a man, about how he had a penis, and about how his penis was erect right now because he was looking at her with her legs spread open. And then she thought about all the men who would be looking at these pictures of her, and about how they would all be erect, and they would all be masturbating and fantasizing that they were having sex with her. 

And as she thought about all those men, Nikolai and all the other men who were looking at her pictures, standing there with their erections in their hands, masturbating and pretending they were inside her, Nikolai knelt down and focused the camera in between her legs, taking a close-up picture of her vagina. And then, when Mariya said to her, "Open your pussy lips," Amanda didn't even hesitate, she just reached down and opened her lips for the camera.

And then she thought about all those men, how she had just opened herself for them and invited them into her, and they would be entering her, they would be having sex with her. They would be fucking her. And suddenly she felt herself get very, very wet. And she knew that Nikolai could tell, she could feel it flowing out of her and down to her anus, and he was taking many, many pictures, close-up pictures of her pussy as it dripped with wetness, and she was embarrassed and bashful but she didn't care, she wanted him to know, she wanted all those men to know that her pussy was ready, that she was wet and open and ready and she would do her duty for them. They could put their penises inside her and they could take her virginity, and she wanted them to. Oh, she wanted them to so very, very badly!

And then, without any prompting from Nikolai or Mariya at all, she turned over, onto her hands and knees and then down onto her elbows, with her legs spread open, and Nikolai took picture after picture of her from behind. She looked like such a slut right then, her pinkish anus displayed so clearly for the whole world to see, her little pussy literally dripping with wetness. And then she thought about all those guys, they would be behind her now, they would be on their knees behind her and holding onto her hips and fucking her poor little virgin pussy. And then they would come. Oh my god, they would come! She dropped down even further, onto her face now, and her body began to shake. Oh my god I want them to come! I want them to come inside me so badly!

Her body shook and shook, and her pussy gushed, and Nikolai took picture after picture, his camera never stopping. And then she collapsed onto the bed and rolled over onto her back and spread her legs wide, her orgasm slowly and wonderfully subsiding, her pussy soaking wet, her face dark red and damp. And Nikolai took one final picture of her, laying there with her legs open and looking exactly like a young girl who had just been ravished by a man for the first time in her life.



Amanda answered the phone; the voice on the other end belonged to the agent who had set up her photoshoot with the Rudnikovs. "Well," he said, "I have rarely heard Nikolai so excited about a model before. It seems that he was very pleased with your session."

Amanda felt herself blushing.

"He sold your pictures to a high-end erotica web site and he wants you back as soon as possible to take more pictures."

Amanda was so excited she could hardly keep herself under control as she thanked her agent. She couldn't wait to pose for pictures with Nikolai and Mariya Rudnikov again.


[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com  Thanks!]
