ORFANS

The Need to be Flexible

BY PENT

Note 4

But one example will suffice to show the degree to which we are
flexible to meet the desires of our patrons.

Lady Cynthia, wife of Sir Thomas B-----, did come to observe our
punishments and her eye was specially caught by one orfan girl by
the name of Beryl who was aged only ten years at that time.

M'Lady did ask me if the governess of her own children could be
permitted to administer punishment to this girl when next she was
due for chastisement while that m'Lady did watch from a private
viewing chamber.

M'Lady said to me:

"Beryl does look to be a pleasant girl and I would like her to be
brought to me after her punishment so I may provide comfort to
her, in charity towards this orfan girl".

Being sensible that m'Lady Cynthia might see fit to offer
employment to Beryl even at ten years of age I showed her one of
the larger viewing rooms with a bed and wash-hand basin in it,
and seats by the viewing window. I did suggested a somewhat
handsome sum for the privilege that she did ask, to which m'Lady
did readily agree.

I assured her that young Beryl was certain once again to need
correction and punishment for her wrongdoings in a fort'night and
we did arrange that m'Lady would come with the governess in two
weeks at ten o'the clock.

At the appointed time m'Lady Cynthia did come with the governess
Hilda, and m'Lady did go to be comfortably seated at her viewing
window to watch the punishment of Beryl.

The governess Hilda did enter the punishment room and doff her
black cape to expose strong arms. She was a Nordic woman about
thirty with hair pulled back in a tight plait and excellent
suited to govern the children and younger servants in the house
of m'Lady Cynthia.

I did stay to watch from my own spy-hole to ensure no mishap, as
I did hope m'Lady would ask for more such meetings with Beryl to
satisfy herself on her liking for the girl.

A minder did bring the girl Beryl into the punishment room: an
attractive girl, tall for her age, pale and slender with fair
hair and a sweet face, usually filled with fun but now showing
only trepidation at her coming punishments from a strange
governess.

It was easy to see how M'Lady Cynthia was drawn to bestow her
charity and care to the welfare of such a delightful sylph.

Indeed, it was her very slenderness of frame that accounted for
Beryl being still unbespoke, at the age of ten: employers did
remark that she appeared too lacking in strength and stamina for
a hard day at laundering cloathes, beating of rugs, wood-carrying
and other chores in a large house.

Hilda did ask first for Beryl to be tied face down full length on
the table top. The minder did bind her wrists, then did reach up
under her skirt to pull off her underdrawers, and bound her
ankles too.

Beryl lay spreadeagle flat on her stomach. Hilda did raise her
skirt to reveal a pale bottom with cheeks that did rise
surprisingly firm and round for one with so slender a body.

"Beryl, my name is Mistress Hilda. I have to read the first of
your faults during the past week, and I am to give you proper
punishment. Do you understand me, Beryl?

"Yes, Hilda" (came in Beryl's low husky voice).

SLAPPP . . . . as Hilda's hand landed hard on Beryl's firm round
bottom.

"*Mistress* Hilda, if you please!"

"Yes, Mistress Hilda. I'm sorry Mistress Hilda".

"You have been late for sewing work three times this last week. I
wish to hear you say, Beryl, that you have been naughty and that
you wish me to punish you for it".

"Yes, Mistress Hilda, I have been very naughty. Please do punish
me for it".

"I will give you four spanks with my hand for each time you were
late, a total of twelve spanks, Beryl".

SLAPP . . SLAPP . . SLAPP . . . .

and the spanks rained down to redden the angelic curves of
Beryl's firm round bottom.

The viewing chambers were raised so observers were looking down
to see Beryl as she lay tied spreadeagle on the punishment table
and could well see each hard spank of Hilda's hand as it did
flatten Beryl's full cheeks to make them bounce and she did
squerm in her pain.

At the end, with cheeks scarlet, came in a strangled low voice
from Beryl:

"Thank you, Mistress Hilda", as she did wrythe and wriggle on the
table in a vain attempt to relieve the great pain in her bottom.

"Your next faults on this list Beryl are six times failing to
keep the fire stoked with wood in the refectory hall".

"It was very naughty for me to let the fire die low. Mistress
Hilda, please punish me for my naughtiness".

"I am going to beat you twelve times with the wooden paddle
Beryl.

"For this punishment, I wish to have you bend over the end of the
table with your legs coming down to the floor. Can I trust you to
cause no difficulty as you move there, or shall I need to call
for sturdy help, Beryl?"

"I will make no difficulty, Mistress Hilda. Thank you, Mistress
Hilda".

"I'm glad to hear it, Beryl!",

and Hilda loosened the soft leather bonds on Beryl then did pull
her along the table by her ankles until her legs did fall to the
floor.

Hilda tied the ten year old Beryl again with the leather thongs
in this position with her bent over the end of the table and did
pull up her skirt to fully expose her bare bottom.

CRACK . . a blow of the paddle did flatten Beryl's full round
bottom. Hilda did wait a time and did then turn the table
somewhat, which was able to swivel, to change the view that her
audience had of Beryl's bare bottom for the next slap of the
paddle.

CRACK . . and the wooden paddle again flattened Beryl's soft
round bottom, and again Hilda did move the table and wait . .

The governess Hilda was clearly no novice at the game!

Beryl jerked her body in agony against its soft-leather thongs at
every stroke of the paddle which each time did flatten her well
rounded bottom and her tears flowed copiously as Beryl did weep
in brave silence.

After twelve strokes of the wood paddle it was some minutes
before Beryl was able stop her sobs enough to find her voice and
say:

"Thank you, Mistress Hilda".

"Your third and last misdemeanour was that of falling asleep in a
lesson period - no less than five times in the fort'night! Twice
in a writing class, and three times when you should have been
doing arithmetic sums.

"I am dismayed, Beryl, at your rude insolence! Good people give
of their time and trouble to teach you, and all you do is fall
asleep!"

"Mistress Hilda, I am truly sorry. Please punish me severely so I
may then be forgiven" - Beryl had learned well the way I wish
girls to reply when charged with their faults in the punishment
room.

"I hope you will find, Beryl, that my punishment is sufficiently
severe so you become properly contrite.

"For your infractions, I will give you twenty hard lashes with
the cane on your bare bottom.

"During this punishment, I want you to be standing and naked,
completely unclothed, Beryl", and she rang the hand-bell for the
attendant.

"Yes, come in. This girl is to be standing and without clothes
for her next punishment.

"Pray fasten her wrists to the ends of the spread-bar that hangs
from the ceiling . . . and leave her feet free to kick and
dance".

Beryl was a sensible girl, though only ten, and made no
difficulty as the attendant first pulled her dress up over her
head so she stood there stark naked, then bound her wrists up to
each end of the wood bar.

The attendant pulled the bar up by the rope at its centre and
fastened it to leave Beryl's arms still bent so she would have
freedom to jerk and bend her body, to wrythe and squerm with her
pain during her ordeal, which the visitors do alway like to see.

"Also, please apply the blindfold.

"The surprise of each lash of the cane may remind this
recalcitrant girl to stay awake in future when she should be
working diligently.

"Thank you! You may leave us now".

Beryl stood with her wrists held to the bar above her head, her
tall slender body erect with her firm round bottom prominent and
already a brightly red colour. Altogether a very lovely sight as
she stood ready to make her penance.

A black bandage covered Beryl's eyes, so she would have no way to
know when the sharp cut of the cane was about to bury itself in
her soft round bottom. She stood waiting in apprehension . . .

"You will count the strokes of the cane, Beryl. After the first
you will say: 'One, thank you Mistress Hilda'.

"If you miss the count of any you will get that stroke again. Do
you understand, Beryl?"

"Yes, thank you, Mistress Hilda", and Beryl stood waiting,
shaking with fear, her knees atremble.

ZAPPP . . . and the cane bit into Beryl's soft warm bottom.

"AAAAAAAAAAH!"

Beryl did scream and she threw her body forward away from the
blow, with only the tethers on her wrists for support.

ZAPPP . . . went the cane again and with her hips thrown forward,
her bottom was doubly full and round so the thin cane did bury
itself deep in her tender flesh.

"AAAAAAAAH!!! ONE, THANK YOU . . . Mistress Hilda".

"Yes, you didn't count quickly enough on the first one, did you
Beryl my dear. That makes one extra - so far".

Beryl had pulled herself upright again and stood wriggling her
bottom furiously from side to side to allay the pain.

Hilda held a stick that was attached to the spread bar, and used
it to give Beryl a quarter turn on the floor, for the audience to
change their view of her naked body, wrists tied up to the spread
bar above her and fresh red stripes across her full round bottom.

After Beryl had got back her balance with her feet firmly in her
new position:

ZAPPP . . . went the cane as it cut upwards to the underside of
her round bottom and Beryl jumped in the air and came down with
her feet dancing on the canvas- covered wood floor, screaming and
weeping.

"TWO, THANK YOU . . . Mistress Hilda".

Another to the underside of her firmly-rounded bottom and she
jumped in the air again with her legs kicking, and at the top of
her voice:

"THREE, THANK YOU . . . Mistress Hilda".

Beryl did play-act no longer; this was a caning in earnest. She
did shout and weep floods of tears without stop now.

Beryl did jump in the air at each cut of the thin cane across her
lovely bottom. Each time Beryl's feet landed on the ground again
with a THUMP and her cheeks wobbled like a jelly.

I could see that Hilda was experienced in the spanking of young
girls . . . The cuts of the cane were nicely hard enough to give
pain to the young and sensitive bottom that was bouncing before
her, and Beryl did dance and shout full lustily . . .

The next four swipes caught Beryl on the sides of her lovely
round bottom first one cheek then the other, and she had no idea
from which direction or when to expect the next stinging swipe to
come from, and all the time Hilda did move her a quarter turn
after every cut of the cane to her soft round bottom so to change
the view for the onlookers.

Nothing then . . . for a long time. Then:

ZAPPP . . sang the cane as it bit into Beryl's full round bottom.

And Hilda went on to mark bright red stripes over the whole area
of Beryl's bottom with one stroke after another as the girl did
count and yell in pain . . . and thanked Hilda for each cut of
the thin cane.

There were some long pauses which let Beryl's sobs to die away
while she was turned to show another view to the watchers at
their windows.

Then another stinging cut of the cane would surprise her and she
did jerk away from it, then did pull against the bar above to
make herself upright again and all the time she did sob and dance
to ease her great pain.

Hilda clearly liked to see Beryl dance and struck her bottom on
its underside in all of its succulent rotundity many more times.

At last, though, Beryl had counted up to twenty stinging cuts
with the cane. Her punishments had taken almost an hour as shown
by the sand timer which had nearly run out while Beryl hanged by
her wrists which were tied to the wood bar above her head,
sobbing.

Hilda rang her bell for the Orfanage attendant.

"We will take you now Beryl to my mistress, m'Lady Cynthia who
has watched these punishments. She will tell you if you are now
forgiven for your misdeeds".

"Thank you Mistress Hilda . . for punishing me . . so painfully".

Beryl got out between sobs.

The attendant entered and lowered the spreader bar to carefully
release Beryl's wrists. She pulled Beryl's loose dress over her
head to cover her nakedness and supported her with Hilda to
prevent a fall as they took Beryl to the chamber where m'Lady
Cynthia was waiting.

They removed the dress again from Beryl then laid her face down
upon the bed to leave her pale slender frame lying there naked,
and racked with sobs with her poor punished bottom red and sore
as it stood up from her, full and round.

"My dear Beryl! You bore your punishments most bravely - I was
watching.

"It was all for your own good, as you know. But that does not
make it hurt the less! Let me see what I can do to soothe your
pain".

And m'Lady Cynthia gently applied a cooling lotion with her
delicate hands to the silky soft cheeks of Beryl's blazing
bottom.

She separated Beryl's legs to better reach down between them
murmuring all the time:

"My poor brave girl! I am so proud of the way you bore your
punishment. No more falling asleep while you should be working,
though. No more failing to tend the fires as they should be. No
more arriving late.

"We love you dearly and only punish you for your own good, you
know, Beryl".

Then:

"Beryl, my dear: I can work better after that you move your head
to the right . . . and slide your legs round so they come out
over the side of the bed here. Use your elbows to help",

and m'Lady Cynthia gently pulled Beryl's ankles until her legs
came out over the side of the bed and lay well apart.

"I am going to try something else to cool your bottom and reduce
the pain you have there. Stay still as you are for a moment, on
your tummy".

And m'Lady Cynthia went over to the wash-hand basin and poured
cold water into it from the jug. She then removed the lace from
around the neck of her dress, took a deep breath and bent over to
hold her face in the cold water.

I watched her through a peep-hole and m'Lady held her face under
the cold water for a full minute so her cheeks became most cold.

She then raised her head from the water, quickly dabbed her face
with the towel then swiftly moved to stand between Beryl's legs,
and bent over Beryl's hot bottom.

M'Lady Cynthia then lowered her head and pressed her cold face
firmly down between Beryl's blazing hot cheeks.

I marvelled at the self-abasement to which charitable love can
drive a noble lady!

M'Lady bent there for many minutes, with her face pressed hard
down into Beryl's silky-smooth bottom, moving her head and
nuzzling in between Beryl's soft rotundities to ensure she spread
the coldness across the girl's blazing hot cheeks . .

M'Lady seemed to revel in her self-abasement with her lips nigh
to kissing Beryl's rosebud, finding it no doubt a proper penance
for her own sins.

From my spy-hole I saw Beryl's face and her expression slowly
transformed before my eyes as m'Lady's cold face pressed into the
hot cheeks of her bottom. From a look of agonized and tearful
pain her face gradually altered to show a look first of startled
wonder then of beatific pleasure as m'Lady's cold face nuzzled
down between Beryl's firm round cheeks then kissed Beryl's
rosebud and her tongue pressed and probed until it did slide up
inside her bottom.

Beryl was ecstatic with pleasure and did moan in her delight and
she lifted her bottom to separate her cheeks somewhat so m'Lady
was more easy able to reach her tongue to enter Beryl's rosebud
and her moans did get exceeding loud as she squermed there in her
delight on the bed.

M'Lady did most abjectly atone for her sins in this World, to the
very great joy of the orfan Beryl.

M'Lady at last raised her head from the smooth soft cushions of
Beryl's warm bottom and said:

"Beryl you have a scent and flavour that is exceeding sweet. Wait
and I will repeat my cooling of you, my dear".

And m'Lady Cynthia again held her face in the cold water then
quickly dried herself. As she lowered her face to Beryl's bottom
once more her hand did slide under to fondle Beryl's little
cunnie then she buried her face once more deep between the twin
pillows of Beryl's firm round bottom to her very great pleasure
and delight as she did raise her bottom again towards m'Lady's
tongue and made loud moan.

M'Lady spared herself nothing in her work to cool Beryl's bottom
and soothe it's pain. Truly, the charity of noble people never
ceases to amaze me.

M'Lady's hand did go under her skirt to assuage her natural
agitation there until I saw she had gained her relief and then
she did raise her head from Beryl's bottom and turn her longwayes
on the bed again and gently rubbed on a lotion to soothe Beryl's
tender cheeks and caress her cunnie.

A full thirty minutes she continued thus, thrusting her fingers
deep into the cheeks of Beryl's soft and pliable bottom, and down
between to meet her other hand which teased her little clitoris
to Beryl's ecstatic joy and pleasure until at last m'Lady was
satisfied that Beryl did feel less pain.

"My dear, do now turn over onto your side so we can talk a little
before you return to your duties.

"Tell me, my dear Beryl, when you do leave the Great Orfanage,
would you like to come and work for me? Our mansion is at
Richmond, some ten miles from here.

"I have need of a girl who will sew and be useful to me during
the day, while my husband goes about his business.

"I am a strict mistress, I must have you know, and any mistake or
misbehaviour will be punished under my direction by Hilda, just
as she has done today.

"You do not have to give an answer now, Beryl . . . it can wait
until I come again in a fort'night with Hilda to see you here
again for any punishments next due to you"

"M'Lady! I can answer you now and most joyfully! Indeed I should
be most glad to come and work for you!! And, ma'am, Mistress
Hilda is most just in her punishments. Thank you, m'Lady -thank
you!!!"

And she seized M'Lady's hand to kiss it profusely, her angelic
pale face weeping with pleasure and gratitude, and her blue eyes
brimming with pleasure and thankfulness.

M'Lady Cynthia dried Beryl's tears from her face with her
lace-edged handkerchief, then gave her a fond hug to her bosom
and kissed Beryl full on her lips . . .

"From now, I shall come with Hilda who will give any punishments
that you must have. Do please try to be good Beryl so you do not
have to be punished too much when I come again in two weeks . .

"And goodbye for the present my dear Beryl".

M'Lady left the chamber, knowing full well that the Orfanage
would find ample reasons for Beryl to be in need of severe
punishments . . . at any time when m'Lady cared to come.

Beryl stayed lying on the bed, weeping with joy . . .

As m'Lady came out of her chamber, I met her and conducted her to
my room and we partook of a dish of tee before my fire while we
discussed the future of Beryl.

In short, I agreed to accept a generous sum to our Orfanage as an
initial payment to secure to m'Lady first call on the services of
Beryl when the time came for her to leave the Great Orfanage.

I agreed, too, for m'Lady to bring Hilda again every two weeks at
the same time, to administer whatever punishments should be
needed. M'Lady would direct Hilda to use various slippers, straps
and birch rods in the punishments, so Beryl would thus become
fully accustomed to the ways of her own establishment in
Richmond.

After some few visits for Hilda to give Beryl the punishments due
to her, and each time soothed by m'Lady afterwards in her private
closet, Beryl proved herself fully satisfactory to the purposes
of M'Lady Cynthia and she duly went into service with m'Lady that
summer, shortly before her eleventh birthday.

On the day that Beryl departed, m'Lady Cynthia came from Richmond
in her coach with the governess Hilda.

Beryl was ready with her few belongings rolled in a bundle. These
included some dresses and other garments she had made for
herself, her clyster and other toilet things for daily use, and a
few small knick knacks of personal items.

Some of Beryl's friends did join m'Lady and Beryl and Hilda for
their afternoon mug of milk, to embrace and wish Beryl well in
her new life of work and loving discipline: a most happy custom
that I had instituted to mark the departure of each girl who left
our care.

Soon after that Beryl had finished her milk she did rise and bend
over the back of a chair in the way of our tradition. One of her
friends did then lift her skirt and pull down her under-drawers,
and each of the ten girls did then give her a resounding
SMAKKKKK. . . to Beryl's bare and lovely bottom.

Beryl cried "OHHH!!" at each spank and squermed prettily, until
her drawers were at last pulled up and her skirt made decent. All
then embraced her in turn and she left with m'Lady and the
governess Hilda to the fond farewells and waving of her friends.

The punishment of Beryl by a governess and the unusual closeness
between m'Lady Cynthia and Beryl is but one example of the
flexible arrangements we have alway been ready to enter into to
serve the best interests of our orfan girls.

Should any who are in charge of orfan girls wish to know more of
our wayes to bring gifts of monies from charitable persons by
spanking of the bottoms of their girls, I shall be happie to
visit and show my methods with their own orfan girls.

I may also prevail upon some two or three others who are expert
at spanking and other treatments to come with me out of their
great charity. They can show the different wayes they do make
girls to become truly contrite for their faults, and to cause a
copious flow of funds to the orfanage from charitable observers
and liklie employers, by the proper spanking of the girls upon
their prettie bare bottoms.

