Title: How Porn Brok Into Tamara Divine, Chapter III
Author: bobwhite
Summary: The tale of how a sweet, innocent Midwestern girl became
one of the most famous porn stars of all time.
Keywords: MC FF MOD FD

How Porn Broke Into Tamara DivineChapter III
by bobwhite

                          * * * * * * * * * *

As she silently sat across from Anita, Tamara thought, *How many years
can this silence last?* She had tried to come up with something to
start "the talk," if for no other reason than to simply get it over
with. But there was nothing she could think of that would ease the
awkward silence into some kind of conversation.

Anita's voice broke the silence. Looking into her nearly empty cup of
coffee, she said flatly, "That was some night, wouldn't you say?"

Trembling hands steadied Tamara's cup as she tried to take a sip. The
acrid taste didn't help her find words, but she had to say something.
"Um, yeah. Some night," she said. "I, uh, had... I mean, it was fun."
Her eyes slammed shut and she mentally scolded herself for not being
able to come up with anything better to say.

Anita let out a sound that was a mix between a snicker and a snort.
Tamara looked up and, seeing the look on her roommate's face, knew it
was an attempt at nervous laughter.

"Look Tammy, what happened last night aside, why--"

"I'm so sorry! I--"

"Why didn't you tell me you were gay?!" Anita, finally able to make
eye contact, blurted out. She looked back down and continued. "I'm
sorry, Tammy. I didn't mean to make that sound so... mean. I don't
care if your a... I mean if you're... it's... *(sigh)* look, I don't
care if..."

"I'm gay," Tamara said. An instant later, she shut her eyes tight and
silently admitted it to herself for the first time. *This is* not *a
phase. Last night was* not *an experiment. I loved it and I even made
Anne like it,* she thought. Tamara had always heard that in such
moments as this, there was a certain feeling--like if a heavy weight
was lifted from one's shoulders. But, the weight that lifted from her
settled in her stomach, causing a wave of nausea. The feeling was both
relieving and awful, but Tamara somehow knew that it would pass.

When Tamara opened her eyes, she saw that Anita was looking at her.
Tamara's mind ran through what seemed like thousands of words and
phrases, trying to do something to push the conversation along.
Finally, she simply said, "I'm gay, Anne. I'm a lesbian. I hope... I
mean, you won't... I hope you don't hate me and I hope this doesn't
kill our friendship. I don't want you to move out and I don't want to
leave, either. I guess I've been in denial about it all, or... I don't
know. But that's what I am."

Anita's eyes drifted down again, and Tamara looked into her own mostly
full cup of coffee. But, to Tamara's surprise, her friend reached
across the table and lightly put her hand on top of Tamara's. Tamara
looked up in time to see Anita breathe deeply.

"It's... OK, Tammy. Really." Anita looked up and continued. "I mean
it. I don't hate you or anything. I'm not some homophobe. And no one
has to move out just because you're gay. It's just... a surprise. I
mean, we kissed that one time, but I thought that was the wine and had
pretty much forgotten about it. But last night... I mean, I would
never have done what I... uh, you know, well... I guess I kinda threw
myself at you. If I'd known you were... you know..."

"I'm a lesbian. It's not a bad word, Anne," Tamara told her roommate,
being careful not to her hand over and expose her friend to any more
of this strange power she had used to her advantage the previous
night. "That's just who I am."

"Tammy, look. I like living here with you, and I like you. Since we
met, we've become really good friends and I don't want to lose that.
Last night was..." Anita swallowed and steadied her voice. "Last night
was like a... uhm, like a..."

Tamara smiled faintly. "Like a...?"

Blushing, the stammering roommate said, "It was like the sexiest dream
I've ever had. You did things to me... you made... damn, girl, you
made me feel things that I never thought... *(sigh)* Damn, girl. Last
night was magical."

Tamara looked up, a hint of pride written on her face. But, she knew
there was a caveat and she decided to head it off at the pass.
"But...?"

Anita sighed, but this time she kept her eyes locked into Tamara's.
"But... that's all it was. A night. Magical, yes... but it was just
one night." Her hand held Tamara's firmly as she continued. "Tammy...
I'll be honest. Last night was amazing--there's no other word for it.
But I'm *not* gay. Things got out of hand... and I'm to blame, I
guess. I got naked and handed an horny lesbian a bottle of oil and
said, 'rub me until I feel good, and let's do it on my bed.' I don't
blame you, never think that.

"I lo... I like you, Tammy. But I can't be more than a friend to you.
You deserve more than what I can give you. You can get me off, and I
guess I can get you off too--"

"I have no complaints. You did fine," Tamara interrupted. She smiled a
little, but Anita's face was serious and Tamara's mood shifted back to
match that of her friend's.

"Tammy, don't." Anita again drew a long breath to steady her voice.
"I'm being serious. You're a great person, a wonderful woman and I
like you. As a friend. But I can't be more than that to you. I can't
give you the love that you want. And even though the... uh, sex...
last night was great, I've been there with guys before, and it never
lasts... and I don't talk to them anymore, Tammy. I don't want that to
happen with you."

Tamara took another tiny sip of coffee and licked her lips. After a
minute or two, she found her voice. "Anne, it's... it's fine. I know
you're straight. I knew it last night, and I took..." She stopped in
mid-thought. *Stop! You can't tell her you knew what your hands and
mouth would do to her!*

"You didn't take advantage of me, if that's what you're thinking,
Tammy."

"I think... OK, look, I did. I wanted you, Anne." Anne blushed but
Tamara continued. "I've wanted you for a while now, ever since that
night I kissed you. I can't help it, you're... Jesus, don't you know
how hot you are?"

Anita nodded her head slightly in agreement, blushing at the
compliment.

"Look, I didn't have to do what I did. And... to be honest, I wasn't
sure until a few days... well, really, until yesterday."

"Uh-huh, sure." Anita said, a little sarcastically. After a minute or
so of silence, she finally said what was on and behind both of their
minds.

"So, Tammy, where do we go from here? I just want you to know that I
don't have a problem with your... lifestyle? You know what I mean. But
I'll be totally honest with you: I can't keep living with you if we
can't put this behind us. Last night was great, but we can't do it
again. *Ever*. I'm guessing we need to set some house rules, or
something... like, for example, I'm not walking naked around the
apartment anymore, if you don't mind."

Tamara laughed and got up, taking her coffee cup to the sink to pour
it out. "Actually, I do mind that!" Anita snickered at that, but the
moment levity was brief.

"Fair enough, I guess I kinda walked right into that. 'House rules'
sounds dumb anyway. But I need you to promise that this won't be an
issue between us again. Somehow, I doubt I'm going to try and seduce
you. But I need to know--*need* to know, Tammy, no kidding around--I
need to know that you aren't going to try to do anything with me
again. You have to promise me.

"I'm not saying this was all your fault; it's in the past but I need
to hear you say it. Tell me you're not going to treat me like anything
but a friend. Promise."

"Anne... Anne, I'm so sorry...."

"Please, Tammy. Just promise me. I don't want to destroy a friendship
over this. It was fun for a night, but you have to swear to me that
last night was just a one-time thing."

Tamara felt a pang of loss, but it was tempered a little by her grim
expectation of where she'd originally thought this conversation would
end. Thankfully, Anita had not freaked out as Tamara worried she
might. The morning after conversation was going better than she'd
dared to hope.

After a minute or two of total silence, Tamara found her voice. "Anne,
if you can live here with me, and if my... sexuality... really doesn't
bother you, then I promise not to... I mean, I swear that I won't try
anything with you again. I won't get handsy, I won't get kissy, I'll
take the web cam in your bedroom out, I..."

Shocked, Anita looked at her friend... only to see her suppressing a
smile. They both erupted into a round of genuine laughter that eased
the earlier tension.

Tamara thought, *Now that wasn't so bad. Doesn't make me want her
less, though... but at least this is out there, on the table.*

"Tammy, please. I'm being serious," Anita said when the laughter died.
"I don't want to put it out there like an ultimatum, but--"

"Seriously," Tamara continued, "I won't push you to do this again, and
I won't hit on you or... take advantage of you, if you're... you
know... if you've had a little too much wine. I promise: no more sex
with you. I was wrong to do it last night and I promise never to do
try and seduce you again. I am so sorry... can you forgive me?"

Anne got up, empty cup in hand, and headed for the coffee pot. As she
poured a fresh cup, she said, "It's OK, Tammy. Really. It happened,
and now we move on. Oh, Jeff called while you were asleep. He says he
has a couple projects you might be interested in. Something about a
solo layout and one with somebody named Kristi, who he said you'd
love. Know her?"

"Can't say I do. I guess she's new."

"Yeah, that's what Jeff said--she's brand new, a 'virgin.' His words.
He insisted I use those words when I gave you the message. Weird,
huh?"

Tamara heard Anita's words, but curiosity struck her. *Why would he
make sure I knew she was a virgin? Is she a virgin-virgin, or a
topless photo layout virgin?*

"Tammy?" Anita asked.

Tamara shook her head. "Uh... yeah. Sorry, just spaced a little. What
were you saying?"

Anita shook her head and headed to the living room with her cup of
coffee. "Just call Jeff. He said it will pay $5000, so it must be
important."

"Yeah, OK, I'll call him as soon as I wake up," Tamara said. And for
fifteen minutes, right up to the time she was actually dialing his
number, she couldn't help but to think, *What in the world does he
want me to do in front of the camera for that kind of scratch?*

                          * * * * * * * * * * "That's weird... I've
done hair and makeup a million times but I don't think I've ever seen
*this*," Bobbi (the makeup girl on the set) said as she brushed
Tamara's hair, noticing that with each pass, several blond hairs
seemed to be getting picked up by the brush and carried off the
brunette's head.

Tamara was a little surprised at the amount of work going into this
shoot, but the bristling activity eased her concerns a little--as did
her excitement. *Soft-core, Tammy... it's just soft-core. Simulated.
Fake.* Artsy*,* she reminded herself. *And as per usual, it's for
overseas. Nobody I know is going to see it, and there's always
deniability... it's not like I have any tattoos... oooh, yet!* The
thought of getting some ink curiously struck her as funny and she
suddenly started giggling--much to the surprise of both her makeup
artist and her "co-star."

"Something funny, T... uh, Tracey, was it?" Kristi said as a small
scar near her inner thigh was airbrushed out of sight by another
makeup girl.

"It's Tammy. And no, I just had a funny thought, that's all. It's gone
now."

"Whatever, whatever. You don't seem very nervous, at any rate. Have
you done this before? I mean, a layout with another woman?"

"Yeah. But, nothing like this. I've done some racy catalog stuff, and
I've done stuff where I was hugging another girl, but not this... what
did Jeff call it...?"

Kristi, mocking Jeff's matter-of-fact tone, said, "It's just a
softcore, simulated lesbian layout. There will be some intimate
touching and body licking and/or kissing, but no penetration and you
won't have to lick the other girl's vagina. The magazine this will
appear in is a Belgian men's magazine. Just go as far with Tamara as
you're comfortable--"

By the time Kristi got that far, Tamara was laughing so hard at her
impression of John that Kristi stopped talking and started laughing
herself.

"That was hilarious, Kristi. But, let me ask you: have you ever worked
with Jeff before?"

"No. I'm new around here--hell, I'm really only here so I can bum off
my aunt and uncle and save enough money to finish my degree. It's
cheaper than going to a university somewhere on the coast. I've done
tons of nude layouts before... and a few softcore ones with guys, you
know, the whole non-penetration thing... so this shouldn't be that
tough. How do I look?"

Kristi was standing away from her makeup artist, and Tamara had to
admit she looked like a sex goddess. Perfect makeup, hair, body,
tits... everything. If Tamara had been bold enough after her encounter
with Anita to find a steady girlfriend--or, at least, a lover--she may
have decided to resist the urge to use her now proven abilities to
publicly seduce the sexpot standing in front of her. But it'd been
quite some time since that night with Anita, which was the last time
she'd really had any sex.

*It's going to be Valentine's day in a couple of weeks or so,* Tamara
thought as she absently commented on her prey's appearance. *I think I
deserve an early present for being so good and not doing anything to
Anne.*

"Yeah, yeah, yeah... c'mon, quit just gawking and tell me what you
think. Do I look hot?"

"Well," Tamara said, looking a little too long at the girl's red pubic
hair, "the curtains match the carpet, which is nice. I see *nothing*
wrong with how you look--you're perfect."

"Oh, that's just the makeup. Seriously, do I look OK?" Kristi asked,
turning and moving, quickly trying on different seductive poses and
facial gestures.

Tamara reached out and tweaked her left nipple. A sharp gasp escaped
Kristi's lips and her knees bent noticeably as Tamara casually said,
"Don't worry, you'll be fine. You're in good hands." With that, Tamara
got up from her stool and walked out, leaving a suddenly incredibly
horny model behind her.

"This is going to be soooo fun," Tamara whispered to herself as she
made her way to the main set.

"What's going to be fun?" Jeff asked from behind her, startling her.

Tamara made a brief motion to cover herself (she was naked and on her
way to see what she'd be wearing for the first part of the shoot), but
dropped her arms to her side. "I guess you've seen me naked before...
anyway, I was just saying that this shoot is going to be especially
fun. I don't think the new girl has never done one of these with
another girl before, and I think that..." Tamara stopped, smiling as
if she knew something that Jeff didn't. "Let's just say I think she'll
be... *inspired*... to go further than she's gone before in a shoot."

"Well," Jeff said, walking up to Tamara, "that's fine. I'll just make
sure the photographer knows it might go hardcore. That's cool. It lets
us sell the pictures to a hardcore magazine overseas. It's just a
shame you don't do anything for the American market."

"Hey, you've never asked! Besides, I don't know about that. This is a
great way to get some cash, but if people I knew found out I did these
nude layouts, I'd... hey, eyes up here, Mister!"

"Sorry. It's just you've changed since last time I saw you." Jeff was
smiling at a joke only he seemed to know. "You're hair has only a few
highlights in it, and it looks shorter. And darker--heck, it's almost
black in some spots. And your breasts... did you get implants?"

Tamara looked down at her chest. "Oh, these? Yeah, they're bigger than
last time. I've heard of late bloomers, but this is ridiculous. Not
that I'm complaining... hey, wait... what are you--" Tamara's words
cut off when Jeff wiggled the finger he'd slipped inside her pussy.

"Don't worry. This is more for the women in your life than for you.
Just forget about this, OK?" With that said, Jeff removed his finger.

Tamara shook her head and said, "Um, what were you saying? Oh yeah.
Yeah, my hair's been getting darker. It's weird. But my chest is all
natural. I think they're still growing a little--I just hope they stop
before I get too big. I'd look ridiculous with a pair of double-D's."

"OK. Single D's it is. Good luck, and have fun today, Tamara." Jeff
then left to do some paperwork in a far corner of the studio. The
first part of Jeff's parting comment slid from Tamara's memory as
easily as his finger had slid from her vagina.

Tamara shook her head again as Jeff walked away. Looking around, she
saw Kristi emerge from the makeup area. Tamara waved at her, smiling
and *knowing* that Kristi was about to have a lot more fun than she
probably knew would be possible in front of a photographer. Soon, the
girls were dressed in some skimpy, easy-access lingerie... and then
the shoot began. They didn't even notice the clicking of the camera
after the first half-hour.

Kristi seemed to be very used to these kinds of shoots. She would look
at the camera at just the right time, and at any moment, she could
conjure up a face that could melt any man or woman into a molten
puddle of arousal. Tamara noticed that unlike the other models she'd
worked with, there was nothing seemingly magical about Kristi's hands.
And, because Kristi was something of a professional, she was touching
Tamara very carefully--she wouldn't let her fingers or mouth linger on
any of Tamara's favorite body parts.

In fact, the only time Kristi's detached, professional demeanor
cracked was when Tamara did the touching, kissing, or licking. Her
tongue never touched Kristi's nether region, and her fingers didn't
spend much time there either--it was softcore, after all--but Kristi
was clearly having trouble holding herself together after an hour of
such posing. With each caress, each playful spanking, each lick, and
each kiss, Kristi's nervous expresions began to betray what Tamara
interpreted to be a growing desire for the shoot to take a more
playful, and explicit, turn.

During a short break early in the shoot, Tamara went back to the
makeup area for some privacy. Kristi sat in a folding chair just off
the set, drinking a bottle of water. Without physical contact, the
highly erotic sensations Tamara had been causing Kristi to experience
began to fade, or so Tamara thought as she watched her from across the
large, open room. Her breathing was certainly smoother--and noticing
this made Tamara chuckle to herself.

Tamara started to scheme in her head. *Heh. Yeah, I've been having too
much fun here. She's just sooo hot... I haven't gotten any since that
night with Anne... hmmmmmmm, I wonder if I can get this little party
into high gear... I just have to pick my moment, whisper in her ear,
maybe bite her earlobe--the photographer will love that--yeah, and
then 'accidentally' let my finger find her tight, little cunt....*

Turning a little and hiding what she was doing as much as possible,
Tamara slid a finger into her pussy. The familiar bolts of pleasure
hit her like they always did, and in just a few seconds she'd managed
to get herself off. But once was never enough, so she continued to
play with her sex, occasionally rubbing her clit before plunging her
finger back into her slit. When she came the second time (after a
slow, careful work-up), she noticed something odd.

Kristi had shifted her position. She was now sitting forward a little,
and rubbing her thighs together. A light blush spread over her chest
and face, and her breathing got deeper. As Tamara kept playing with
herself, she saw that Kristi was apparently trying to both clamp her
legs together while at the same time rub them in such a way to put a
little friction on her pussy.

The sight of her squirming in her seat was more than Tamara could
bear. The added thrill of knowing that she could make Kristi hers
right there in the studio sent her fingers into overdrive, and they
brought her off a third time. She was just barely able to conceal the
grunt. Then, the photographer announced that he was ready for another
round of shots, so Tamara quickly cleaned up and sashayed onto the
set.

"Kristi, are you coming?" Tamara asked mischievously. She took a seat
on the blanket that was spread on the floor of the artificial outdoor
scene and spread her legs--the photographer wanted this set to start
with Kristi getting a neck massage from Tamara.

Kristi wiggled out of her seat and brought her hand to her crotch. She
made a motion that anyone watching would have thought was just a light
rub, maybe to address a slight itch. But Tamara knew better.

"Kristi? Heeellooo?"

"Uh, sorry. Just... uhm, hell yeah. I'm ready. I guess I just spaced a
little...." Kristi said. She sat between Tamara's legs, and the
photographer started clicking away.

Tamara put her hands on Kristi's shoulders and carefully massaged
them. After a little bit of that, she moved her hands down Kristi's
chest and squeezed her tits. This made Kristi moan, and when Tamara
brought her fingers up and pinched Kristi's nipples, Kristi gasped and
arched her back, her slight shudder telling Tamara she'd probably just
had a tiny orgasm.

That encouraged Tamara, so she leaned down a little and whispered to
Kristi. "Let's turn up the heat a few notches, Kristi. What do you
say? Let's just see how far we can take this before they stop us." And
then she licked Kristi's ear (Tamara was getting fond of that little
move; it was like an exclamation point after her little "suggestion"),
even sticking her tongue into her ear a little.

Kristi responded by closing her eyes and falling back into Tamara's
arms. The only word she could say was, "Yessssssss...."

The photographer stopped giving directions to the women, not that
either would have noticed. With a few quick movements, Tamara had
Kristi pinned and was kissing her passionately. The unsuspecting model
writhed as Tamara's hands roamed her body, and her earlier
professionalism was seemingly shattered. Kristi even grabbed Tamara's
ass and squeezed it.

Then, her hands came up and embraced Tamara's body. Tamara wasn't
surprised by that, because it made for a good picture. But what did
surprise her was *why* Kristi did it. Holding Tamara tightly like that
gave Kristi enough leverage and control to use her free leg to flip
them both over.

Now Kristi was on top. "Let's do a 69; they always love that... and
damn, my pussy is wet... I need you to... damn, I think we should go
ahead and go... as far as you're..."

"Stop talking about it and do it," Tamara told her. It sounded a
little more bold than she'd intended and just a little bit corny, but
Kristi didn't seem to notice or care. She spun around, and before
Tamara knew it, her eyes were staring at the delectable, glistening
cunt of the model who probably never imagined what would be in store
for her when she signed on to do this particular photo spread. With a
few gentle licks, Tamara heard Kristi moan and felt her hot breath on
her inner thigh. When she licked Kristi's clit, Kristi responded by
hungrily (and sloppily) attacking Tamara's pussy with her tongue.

Tamara's tongue was just about to redefine Kristi's sense of orgasm
when, out of the corner of her eye, Tamara saw that the photographer
was coming around to get some shots of her licking Kristi's pussy.
Kristi was already eating Tamara's pussy, and she wasn't doing a bad
job, but Tamara had a playfully evil thought: she'd hold a pose to
give the camera man a fair chance at a great shot--a shot of her
tongue on Kristi's clit. She'd make sure her tongue was perfectly
still on Kristi's clit the whole time, just to see how long Kristi
could stand it.

When the cameraman was in position, Tamara's tongue slid out and
rested torturously Kristi's exposed clit. Tamara also held Kristi's
ass in such a way as to put her fingertips really close to Kristi's
pussy and anus, gently squeezing Kristi's derrire. Kristi responded
by increasing her efforts on Tamara's pussy, quickly making her cum,
but Tamara managed to keep her hands and tongue virtually motionless
on Kristi's sweet spots.

Kristi started to tremble, and as soon as she gave Tamara *another*
orgasm, she tried to grind her pussy onto Tamara's face to increase
the maddening sensations Tamara was causing her to feel. Unfortunately
for Kristi, though, Tamara had too strong a hold on her ass. Maddening
pleasure coursed through the fingertips that rested tantalizingly
close to her bottom holes--Kristi, to her lusty dismay, could not get
the relief she sought.

Tamara noticed Kristi's motions getting more frenzied, so she started
to slowly lick up and down Kristi's slit. Kristi let up from Tamara's
pussy to moan, and she didn't go back down. Instead, as the
photographer moved around to get a different angle, she started to
ride Tamara's face, remembering for the first time since that last
break to make eyes at the camera. Tamara reached up and played with
Kristi's tits. At the same time, she stuck her tongue up into Kristi's
pussy--and Kristi came with a growl, collapsing forward as the
pleasure shot through her body.

Kristi wasn't showing any signs of exhaustion, though. She got off
Tamara's face and turned around, sliding down Tamara's so she could
kiss her. She continued to move down her body, licking Tamara's tits
and paying extra attention to her nipples as she made her way to
Tamara's pussy. Tamara noticed that she waited for the photographer to
get into position before she began to lick and finger her; it was a
little amusing to Tamara that Kristi still had the presence of mind to
play to the camera.

When Kristi started fingering Tamara's pussy, she spread her legs
wider. *It's been... too... mmmm, too damn long, I have to do this
more often....* she thought. Tamara's hands came up and played with
her tits while she watched Kristi alternate work her sex; she
especially liked it when Kristi reached down between her own legs and
started playing with herself (at least, that's what Tamara assumed she
was doing with that hand). Within a few minutes, Kristi's fingers and
tongue generated a powerful climax that made Tamara close her eyes and
scream. When she opened her eyes, she looked down at a smiling Kristi.
But there was another look in her eyes... raw hunger.

It took a moment for Tamara to figure out that Kristi was nowhere near
being done with the scene. *Damn... I just came, and it looks like she
needs it even more than she did a minute ago! She's still... damn, I
think she's still rubbing her pussy!* Deciding to take matters into
her own hands, Tamara sat up and embraced Kristi. More pictures were
taken while they held each other and kissed, and Tamara whispered to
Kristi, "I'm going to lay you down and blow your mind... you're going
to love this...."

"Mmmmm... oh God I don't know if I can... ooooh, take any more,"
Kristi said, "but this tingling in my pussy just won't go away...
fuck, I'm so hot..."

Tamara laid Kristi on her back, and spent some time sucking and
pinching her nipples. She knew the effect it would have, and it wasn't
long before Kristi's hands were trying to gently guide Tamara down to
her achingly aroused cunt. Tamara took her time though, delighting in
the whimpers and gentle pleas coming out of Kristi's mouth. Tamara
even lightly grazed her fingers in a back-and-forth motion as she
slowly made her way to Kristi's sex, watching the goosebumps appear in
small waves.

"Oh god oh please, please just... oh... OH!" Kristi said, then yelped
when Tamara slipped a finger into her. "Oh whatever you're doing...
oh... don't... st-stop! Oh... Unnnnnnngh!!" Tamara smiled smugly as
her fellow model came and before she could recover, Tamara added
another finger and her tongue to her assault on Kristi's hot, wet
pussy.

The shoot continued that way for a couple more hours, with only a few
breaks in the action. Tamara was having fun toying with Kristi, who
confessed during one of their breaks that she could not understand how
Tamara's hands and lips felt so good on her body--she even called it
"unreal."

Tamara smiled and said nothing to that, but not only because she had
expected that exact reaction from Kristi. No, the main reason she
didn't say anything was because of Kristi's other comment about the
whole experience. Every time she was licking or fingering Tamara,
Kristi felt a deep tingling in her pussy. She even felt it when Tamara
was playing with herself (which the photographer seemed to want to see
a lot, once they started listening to him again). Having already come
to terms with the fact that her hands and mouth had some enchantment
about them (at least, that was the best she could come up with to
explain what they could do to women), she momentarily postulated that
maybe, somehow, her vagina was now enchanted.

Immediately, she chastised such a silly thought. *Now, come on. Being
good with your hands is one thing. Ditto the mouth. But a magic pussy?
Please. This girl is just so horny she can hardly think straight...
but then again...* She didn't have time to think on it further,
though. The camera was loaded with fresh film, and it was time to go
back on set.

When it was all over, Tamara collected her cashier's check, cleaned
up, got dressed, and went down to the front door of the large building
where the studio was located. She was surprised to see Kristi there,
apparently waiting for her.

"Hey there, Kristi. Waiting for a ride? It's cold as hell outside, can
I drive you somewhere?"

"No, thanks. I drove. I just... uhm, well, I don't know how to, um,
say this... *(sigh)* OK, look. Here's my phone number," Kristi said,
handing Tamara a folded piece of paper. "Today was amazing, and I...
well, I'd like to know if you would like to get some drinks sometime.
Do you drink?"

"Why Kristi, are you trying to seduce me?" Tamara teased. "If you want
to get me drunk to get me in bed, you shouldn't come right out and
say, 'Do you drink?' There are subtler methods, you know."

"What? No, no no no no. Well, uhm... listen. Until today, I was a
virgin when it came to girls. I've done lots of spreads and layouts,
but they were all softcore and it wasn't really too arousing. But...
damn, girl, you rocked my world back there."

Tamara listened and thought, *Virgin? Funny... that's the word Jeff
used.* Curious as to what Kristi was trying to say, Tamara asked, "Are
you telling me you're a lesbian? You sure seemed to know what you were
doing... *down there*."

"Oh no. I'm not gay. Must have been... beginner's luck. But... but...
well, I was wondering if we both weren't... you know, and since we're
both models, and we... uh, you know, we could go out and..." Words
failed Kristi, to the amusement of Tamara.

"OK, tell ya what. I'll take your number, and we'll hook up sometime.
I only have one or two friends who I hang out with, and you seem nice
enough. As for anything else," Tamara said, seductively running a
finger from Kristi's forehead, down the side of her face, over to her
chin, and then back to her neck, "we'll just play it by... ear." She
whispered the last part, letting her warm breath waft into Kristi's
right ear.

Kristi closed her eyes and moaned at the light contact of Tamara's
fingers and warm breath. Her knees buckled when Tamara finally kissed
her neck. Tamara held out a hand to help her up, and Kristi took it
eagerly; as soon as she was standing again, she kissed Tamara on the
lips. Then it was Tamara's turn to nearly fall down. The kiss
reignited Tamara's arousal, which was amazing enough considering all
the more-than-satisfying sex she'd just had.

*Damn, I don't remember her being able to kiss this good when we were
on set... must have been... oh fuck it, I am definitely not going to
lose this number,* Tamara thought as she melted into the kiss. But,
all too soon, Kristi broke it off. Tamara looked at her silently, and
watched as she giggled, waived, and walked out into the cold January
evening. Tamara just stood there and watched her walk out to her car
and get in. Everything about the girl was cute, she realized.

*Of course everything about her is cute... she's a model. And she
kisses as well as I do, apparently. Maybe I'll call her this weekend,*
Tamara thought to herself before opening the door and made her way to
her car. For some reason, though, her mind kept going to Kristi's talk
about how her pussy was feeling when they were on the set. She had
mentioned it briefly a few times, and something about it kept nagging
at her.

But, about halfway to Springfield, she was finally able to let it go,
instead concentrating on what she was going to do the following
weekend. *I* definitely *am going to hook up with Kristi Saturday
night.*

Smiling at the thought of a hot model sharing her bed, Tamara drove
home through the cold, dark night.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

Late in March, Tamara got a call from Carla Anderson, her ex-
boyfriend's mother. After the opening pleasantries, Mrs. Anderson got
to the point: Emily, her daughter, was going to be spending a day or
two at Central Illinois University, to check the school out; and she
wanted to know if Tamara would be so kind as to put her daughter up
for the weekend and following Monday and Tuesday nights.

"Mrs. Anderson, does Emily want to stay here? I mean, don't they
usually just come down in small groups and stay at a hotel or
something?" Tamara asked. *I wonder if she remembers that kiss?* she
thought as she waited for Carla's reply.

"Actually, she asked to stay with you," came the reply.

"Oh... well, I guess it's OK. I'll keep an eye on her," Tamara said,
wondering why Emily would ask specifically to stay with her. *Surely
she remembers what happened... wouldn't that make an ordinary girl
want to avoid me?* she thought. Then a smile crept to her face. *Maybe
she's not so ordinary... crap, Carla's still talking....*

"... She'll have plenty of money for some food. Just look after my
baby, OK? Thanks, Tamara! I'll tell her you said yes. Oh, and one
thing--her friends are just dropping her off at a place called White
Oaks Mall. *They're* going on to St. Louis University... so just call
me if she doesn't decide to stay in Springfield, OK? Not that I
wouldn't let her go, I just want to know where she's at, OK?"

"No problem, Mrs. Anderson," Tamara said. "I'll pick her up when?"

"Oh, about... uh, say, six or so in the evening. She'll call when
she's close to town so you don't have to wait there all afternoon. You
know where this place is she's going to meet you at?"

"Yeah, I know where it's at. Tell her I'll pick her up. I'll be
waiting for her call, my cell phone number is 217-555-1818," Tamara
told Carla. After they said their goodbyes, she hung up the phone.
Just then, Anita walked into the room.

"Who was that? Kristi?" she asked.

"No... uh, actually, it was my ex's mom. Weird--she just called out of
the blue."

"Well, what did she want? Did she want to know why such a beautiful
woman broke her baby boy's heart?" Anita teased.

"Nooooooo," Tamara said. "Actually, it looks like we're going to be
playing hostesses. Emily, John's little sister, is visiting campus
Monday and probably Tuesday. She's staying here this coming weekend--I
have to pick her up Friday evening around six, and she'll be here
until Monday or Tuesday night, depending on when her ride home comes
through town. I hope you don't mind, I already said yes...."

Anita poured some water from the pitcher in the refrigerator and took
a drink, nodding her head in thought. "No problem. It's cool. But, you
might want to cancel with Kristi, then. I mean, I don't know if you
told your parents yet, but if Emily sees Kristi sleeping in your room,
she'll probably figure out why you broke up with Jack."

"It's *John*, Anne, and don't worry--I already know I'm going to have
to call Kristi in a little bit and let her know we can't get together
this weekend. And you're right... I don't want to be outed just yet,
not to my parents anyway... not until I'm ready."

Anne, still holding her glass of water, went over to Tamara and rested
her free hand on her shoulder. "It doesn't get any easier, does it?"

Tamara half-smiled and sighed. "In some ways, it does. But I am not
looking forward to telling mom and dad."

"I'm sure they'll understand," Anita said. When Tamara shot her a
disbelieving glare, she added, "... Or, at least, they'll say they do.
You have never said a bad word about your parents, Tammy. If they love
you, they will be able deal with it. And I'm sure they love you."

"You make it sound easy, Anne."

"Hey, that's my job. I'm your friend, Tammy. Remember that. I'll be
there for ya... well, after I'm done watching the news. Care to join
me?" Anne asked on her way back to the living room.

"In a minute. I have to call Kristi," Tamara said, picking up the
phone.

That Friday, Tamara got a call from Emily's cell phone at about four
o'clock. She went to the mall and waited a while, finally spotting
Emily waiting by the carousel near the center of the mall.

"Hey, Emily! Emily, it's me, Tammy!" Tamara said, suddenly aware that
her mostly-black hair and its shorter length might keep Emily from
recognizing her. She figured the girl had never paid too much
attention to her chest, but Emily's first comments threw that
assumption right out the window.

"Tammy? Tammy, is that you? Holy shit, girl! Your hair... your
*boobs*! Damn, John really fucked up letting you go...." Emily said,
eying Tamara up and down after briefly hugging her.

"Language!" Tamara yelled.

"I'm sorry, Tammy, I just--"

Tamara laughed at the suddenly frightened teenager. "I'm kidding. Want
to do some shopping before we leave? It's nothing like what we have up
in Chicago, but this place isn't too shabby."

Emily seemed anxious to get to the apartment, saying she was tired
from the drive and wanted to kick back and relax. So, they forwent the
shopping went to Tamara's place, where Anita had already been busy
cooking dinner. It was done a little while after they arrived.

"So, you're the little sister of Tammy's ex, huh? I'm surprised your
parents let you stay with us all weekend. For all they know, we're two
sisters in *Epsilon Alpha Tau Pi*, and in the middle of 'binge
drinking and girl-girl sex month,'" Anita said to Emily while they and
Tamara sat at the kitchen table, eating dinner. Tamara got the joke
and let out a little giggle, trying to disguise it with a cough and
shooting a look at Anita that silently shouted, "knock it off!"

"Well," Emily said, "I just kept telling them it was Tammy I was
staying with. They were cool with it, as long as I promised not to do
go out drinking with frat boys... or something like that. I get away
with a lot of stuff John never got away with... I guess they either
trust me or they just figure I'll be out of the house next year
anyway."

"Yeah, John did always have it a little tough. I remember some nights
he had to be home before I did," Tamara said.

And as they ate and talked, Tamara realized that having Emily around
was going to be a little awkward; it reminded her of her relationship
with John. She had no question of her sexual orientation anymore, but
at times she still wondered how she could have enjoyed being with John
when she was so clearly a lesbian. *Certainly,* Tamara thought, *I
must have been straight once... or maybe I was just doing what what
expected of me, what good girls do...*

They were finishing dinner when Anita said, "So, what do you plan on
doing this weekend?"

"You sound just like my mother, Anita!" Emily said.

Tamara started laughing, and Anita shook her head. "Call me Anne. And
with that comparison to a teenager's mother, it's official: I'm
getting old." Anita got up after saying that and shuffled her feet
over to the fridge to get some water, holding her back and hunching
over the whole time. The mock elderly act had them all laughing, but
when Tamara looked over at Emily, she saw her quickly look away. It
was the third time she'd caught her staring.

Tamara asked, "Seriously, though, are you planning on doing anything,
Em? You have a whole weekend before your visit to the campus and Anita
and I are both pretty much going to sit back and enjoy ourselves
tonight, maybe have some wine, and probably go out tomorrow night.
Hell, there's a party Sunday night we were thinking about going to,
since we don't have an early class Monday. Want to come with us? Have
any other ideas?"

"Actually, Tammy, I was wondering if... well, it sounds stupid, but if
*you* could show me around town. This is my first trip downstate, and
I need to pick up a spoon or some other stupid souvenir while I'm
here.

"My parents may have let me come here, but my friends Steph and Josh
are going to St. Louis University and let's just say they're... well,
they're planning on having a *really* good time. Before I left, my mom
got all crazy thinking I was going to bum around St. Louis all weekend
with them. I'd like to stick with you, though, since I don't know
anybody else here--"

Anita interrupted. "OK, I get it! I'm chopped liver. I guess I'll just
cry myself into a stupor tomorrow night at Eine Kleine," she said,
mock-crying. "Nobody likes me, everybody hates me...."

"You see what I have to live with, Em. Sure you want to hang around
me? Anne wasn't anything like this when we first met. I seem to have a
strange effect on girls," Tamara teased. Anita didn't look up, but
Tamara could see her blush a little.

"I'd love to spend tomorrow with you, Tammy," Emily said, a little too
eagerly.

"Well, I guess I can't say no then," Tamara said. "Sorry, Anne.
Apparently, I have a date tomorrow!" Tamara and Emily laughed. Anita
didn't; instead, she raised an eyebrow and smiled knowingly at her
roommate.

That made Tamara suddenly worry about what she'd done with Emily back
in November. *I only kissed her, surely she didn't... oh shit, look at
how she's smiling at me... does she remember? Does she want to talk
about why I broke it off with her brother and then made out with her a
day or so later?* she wondered. *Did she... oh fuck, did she* like
*it?*

After dinner, they shared a bottle of wine and watched some TV. Both
Tamara and Anita figured it wasn't a big deal if Emily had a drink or
two--after all, she was in a college town on a weekend. Anita was
going to open another bottle when Emily said that she should get ready
for bed--looking at the clock, Tamara saw that it was after midnight.

"Yeah, I'd better hit the sack, too. Are you sleeping in your
clothes?"

"No," Emily said. "I brought something to sleep in... and I can stay
on the couch, no problem. Can I use your room to change, Tammy?"

"Sure," Tammy said.

When Emily had gone out of the room, Anita said to Tamara, "Soooo...
are you going to try and get some? She's really pretty. Hell, she
makes *me* think twice."

"I thought you weren't into girls," Tamara replied.

"Hey, I may be straight, but I'm not blind. Besides," Anita said,
getting up to throw away the empty wine bottle, "she sure seems keen
on *you*. I think she's crushing on you."

"Stop it! She'll hear you!"

"Hey, I'm just sayin'."

"What are you 'just sayin'?'" Emily asked when she came out of
Tamara's bedroom. She was wearing a pair of tight flannel pajama pants
and a very low-cut, satin camisole.

"Oh, I was just saying that I think you have a cr--" Anita began.

"Anne!" Tamara yelped, cutting Anita off mid-word.

Emily raised an eyebrow. "Uhm... OK. So, I'm on the couch, right?"

"No, you're just standing there," Tamara joked.

"You know what I mean. I'm going to go ahead and lay down, if you two
don't mind," Emily said.

Tamara and Anita got the hint and got up to go to their bedrooms. The
lights were turned out and everything was peaceful...

... for a few hours.

Tamara had fallen asleep within minutes of lying down, and her sleep
was *not* dreamless. When she woke up at three in the morning, she was
incredibly horny, a little sweaty, and thirsty. Quietly, she tiptoed
to the kitchen to get a glass of water. She opened the refrigerator
and got the pitcher of filtered water, and left the door open as she
poured a glass. Turning around, she saw Emily on the couch by the
light of the fridge.

Her thirst abated for the time being, Tamara stood by the fridge and
slipped her hand beneath her shirt, shuddering the familiar strong
sensations spread over her chest and nipples. Still looking at the dim
figure in the adjacent room, she put the glass of water down and slid
her other hand inside her panties. As Tamara's fingers began to probe
her wetness, she saw Emily shift position a little.

Emily was on her side, almost in a fetal position. Tamara continued to
play with herself and noticed something strange: as her fingers worked
in and out of her pussy, Emily's legs started to move. Her eyes were
becoming more accustomed to the dim light of the refrigerator, and she
saw that Emily was rubbing her thighs together in her sleep. It was so
sexy that Tamara started rubbing her clit, and she came a few seconds
later. But, she didn't stop masturbating.

And Emily didn't stop wriggling around on the couch, either. Tamara
saw her bring her hand to her crotch, and she couldn't be sure but she
swore she could see Emily rubbing her pussy through her pajamas. When
Emily rolled onto her back and let one of her legs drape over the
front of the couch, though, there was no mistaking what she was doing
with her hand. Tamara knew she probably shouldn't, but she slowly
crept toward Emily, using her fingers to work up another orgasm. She
held off until she was standing above her sleeping guest, and then she
rubbed her clit quickly to elicit another climax.

Emily turned her head a little, and Tamara noticed she was a sweating.
She also saw Emily slip a hand into her pajamas. Tamara kept playing
with herself as Emily started doing the same, and vaguely, Tamara
remembered Kristi mentioning something about this tingling that would
invade her pussy when she was eating Tamara or fucking her with her
fingers or a dildo... and that's when it hit her.

*I do have a magic pussy,* Tamara thought, remembering months ago when
she'd first thought up the phrase during her first shoot with Kristi.
"Magic pussy?" she whispered to herself. It sounded so funny that she
felt an urge to laugh out loud--but she was able to cut it off and let
out only a single snorting sound.

Instantly, Emily's eyes opened. Tamara froze in place, horrified--to
be caught masturbating was bad enough, but to be caught by the girl
you were watching in her sleep?

Before Tamara could react, Emily grabbed her by the shirt and brought
her down to the couch. She slid one arm around Tamara's body and held
her head with her other hand, and then brought the surprised college
student's lips to her own. Her boldness was rewarded with a kiss that
was as magical as the one she remembered from Thanksgiving break.

Tamara got up from the couch and started to go back to her room,
stopping when she heard Emily whisper.

"Don't go, Tammy," Emily said quietly. "Please...."

Tamara froze where she stood.

Emily got up from the couch and walked around to face Tamara. "Don't
go. I've been waiting for this moment since Thanksgiving... you don't
know what you did to me."

"Emily, don't," Tamara said. "I didn't mean--"

"No. I have to say this. That was the best kiss I ever had, and all I
wanted to do was what you said--I just wanted to relax, and go with
it. I can still feel those words warm on my ear, Tammy. And you just
left me high and dry. Well, not so dry... but now--"

"Emily, I'm sorry about--"

"*But now*," Emily said, "now, I finally get to do this. I've been
with a few boys and even one girl since the last time I saw you. The
boys are great, but the girl didn't kiss nearly as well as you did.
Not even the boys can get me as wet as you did with that one kiss...
I've tried being with a girl and it's not the same... but you...
you're different. I know, it doesn't make sense. But... please, can
we..."

Tamara saw the girl was struggling, and used the pause as an
opportunity to try and get out of the situation. "Emily, look, I need
to go to bed and so do you. Let's--"

"Can we go to your room? You're all I can think about, even when I'm
with my boyfriend... being with you is all I've been able to think
about... please, I want you... I need you...."

The sight of the young woman begging to be fucked pushed Tamara's
arousal to a new level. Abandoning her attempt to finish the night
alone in bed, she said, "Well, since you put it that way...," and slid
a hand into Emily's pajama bottoms. She cut off Emily's surprised gasp
with a kiss and fingered the high schooler to a quick, small orgasm.

Having given Emily a taste of things to come, Tamara sauntered to her
bedroom. Emily followed. They kissed on the bed, and managed to take
off each other's clothes without breaking their kiss for more than a
few seconds at a time.

Emily went down first, which surprised Tamara. She could feel the
younger girls eagerness and inexperience. But, Emily did know a enough
about eating pussy to get Tamara really, really close to a climax.
Emily had been squeezing Tamara's tits and flicking her nipples with
her fingers, but Tamara felt one of Emily's hands let go of one of her
boobs and felt it trail down her body... and then off it completely.

Tamara opened her eyes and confirmed what she thought: Emily's arm was
tucked under her body, and Tamara just knew she was fingering herself.
Emily's tongue got more active, and she was practically rubbing her
face into Tamara's cunt, trying to get her off. The sight of such an
sexy teenager doing that (even in the dim light provided by the only
nightlight in the bedroom) was more than Tamara could take, and
muffling a moan with a pillow, she shook violently as she came all
over Emily's pretty face.

"Oh damn, girl, you're not too bad," Tamara whispered. "Not bad at
all. Now get up here and lay on your back. I'll show you how it's
done."

"Shut up and fuck me," Emily said as she flipped onto her back and
spread her legs. "My pussy is literally on fire. It's like these
sparkles of... damn, I don't know what... I've never been this horny
before and I need you... please, lick me...."

Standing at the foot of the bed, staring at Emily's slit, Tamara
started to play with herself--and not lightly, either. Immediately,
Emily twitched. When Tamara slid two fingers into her own pussy, she
saw Emily start to twist and writhe on the bed.

"God... oh please, get down here... please..." Emily begged.

"What does... it feel like?" Tamara said, having trouble controlling
her voice. Even after all those months, her hands still made it hard
for her to maintain control.

"I can... oh I'm on fire down there... it's like this... feeling...
please, please lick me... touch me...."

"How... about... now? *UNGH!*" Tamara said as she gave herself a nice
orgasm.

Emily's hips lifted off the bed, and she squeezed her legs together.
"Oh God, how are you doing this? Fuck... it feels so... damn, on
fire... so fucking wet... please...."

Tamara waited for Emily to unclench her thighs and knelt between the
teenagers legs. She then placed the tip of her tongue on Emily's clit.
Emily was fought to keep still, but the feelings of unbridled sexual
heat emanating from Tamara's tongue made it hard. Then, Tamara slowly
slid two fingers into Emily's sex, smiling when she heard the younger
girl's breath catch. She pulled them out, but let them rest right on
her nether lips.

"You'd better not scream," Tamara said, "or I may have to punish you."

"Please... just... please just f-f-fuck... please...." Emily was
having trouble getting the words out. When she felt the fingers plunge
back into her, she stopped trying to speak and instead tried not to
wake Anita.

Tamara kept this slow fingerbanging up for a little while. Then, with
one swift movement, Tamara sucked Emily's clit into her mouth a little
and pushed three fingers into Emily's cunt. Emily gasped arched her
back a little in response. Tamara flicked Emily's clit with the tip of
her tongue while she finger-fucked her, and Emily's panting became
more and more vocal.

When Emily came, she could not suppress the scream.

"Oh, now that's a bad girl... and I'm definitely going to have to do
something about that."

Emily couldn't answer with anything more than, "Oh God... oh fuck,
yeah... oh.... sorry... damn, I just... came so hard..."

"I think I'm going to have to find something to cover that mouth. We
don't want Anne to get up, do we?" Tamara said as she got up to shut
her bedroom door.

She was about to grab the doorknob when she noticed a faint buzzing
sound. Sneaking a peak into her roommate's bedroom (Anita's room was
right by Tamara's and she'd left her door open as well), she saw her
roommate above her covers. Her legs were spread wide, and Tamara could
just barely see the white vibrator she was using on her cunt.

Tamara went back to her room and shut her door as quietly as she
could. *I definitely have a special pussy,* she thought as she looked
at Emily. Sliding her hands to her pussy, Tamara used one finger to
fuck herself and another finger from her other hand to play with her
clit.

"Oh fuck... fuck, please, please come back, Tamara... I promise I
won't scream again... my pussy is going crazy, please, I'll be
quiet...."

Getting on the bed, Tamara positioned her pussy right above Emily's
mouth. "Your mouth is going to be too busy to make much noise at all,"
she told Emily. And with that, Tamara descended on Emily's pussy,
bringing the younger girl to her second of many climaxes that night.
They fucked until the sun started to came up.

When Emily was sure Tamara was asleep, she carefully got out of the
bed, put her pajamas on, and slipped quietly into the living room. She
covered up and tried to get some more sleep before Tamara woke up...
or before Anita noticed that she wasn't on the couch. Sexually
satisfied like she'd never been before, she closed her eyes and fell
into a deep, dreamless sleep.

It would be up to her to explain to Anita why the refrigerator door
was left open all night.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

(c) 2005, bobwhite.  All rights reserved.  All wrongs also reserved.