THE EXAM

By Erik

[STRAIGHT] [TESTICLES] [MINOR] Medical Exam

A boy goes to the Doctor for a Medical Exam.

Fourteen year old Kyle McDonnell hated the doctor. If he wanted
to play soccer on his high schools soccer team however, then he
had to have a full medical exam. Soon Kyle's name was called by a
nurse and Kyle followed the nurse into an exam room. The nurse
stopped at a small bathroom and handed Kyle a specimen cup and
told him she needed a urine sample. Kyle was only in there a
short time before coming out with a full cup of hot boy piss. The
nurse put a label on the plastic cup and made sure the lid was on
tight. She then took Kyle into a exam room and took a small blood
sample to be sent off to the lab along with his urine. She then
took his blood pressure and temperature. She weighed him and
measured his height. She noted all the readings on his chart.
As she started to leave the room, she told Kyle to strip down to
his underwear.

When the door was closed Kyle untied and removed his black high
tops,then removed his pushed down white socks. He then pulled off
his polo shirt and only then did he remove his denim shorts.
Kyle, wearing only his black, silk, Mickey Mouse boxer shorts
took a seat on the exam table and waited for the doctor to come
in.

When the doctor came into the room, he asked Kyle a bunch of
questions while he used a little light to look into Kyle's ears
and eyes. The doctor used his small rubber hammer to hit Kyle's
knees to check his reflexes and also used the tip of the handle
on the bottom of Kyle's feet to test for a reaction. Kyle's eyes
almost popped out his head, as he felt the ice cold of the
doctors_ stethoscope, touch his chest. Kyle made the doctor laugh
as he listened to Kyle's heart, when Kyle made the comment about
why do doctors leave there stethoscopes in a freezer.The doctor
listened to Kyle's heart and his breathing.

After writing some notes on Kyle's chart, he then started to feel
Kyle's body. The doctor first started to feel the glands in
Kyle's neck and then worked his way down Kyle's slim body. He
took hold of Kyle's Nickel sized nipples and rubbed and pinched
them. He ran his hands all over Kyle's upper torso feeling for
anything out of place. When he was done with his upper body, he
then started to rub and feel Kyle's legs. When he was done, he
had Kyle get off the exam table and stand in front of him.

Without any warning, the doctor grabbed hold of Kyle's boxers and
yanked them all the way down to his feet. He had Kyle step out of
them and then tossed them onto the chair with Kyle's other
clothes. Kyle was so embarrassed as he put his hands in front of
his penis and balls. The doctor pushed Kyle's hands out of the
way and took hold of the boys balls. He held them in his warm
hand then started rolling them around inside the bag of skin and
felt their weight. He then did the turn your head and cough test.
By this time, Kyle's penis had erected itself into its full five
inches. Kyle's whole body was blushing from the poor boys
embarrassment.

The doctor then had Kyle turn around and lean across the exam
table.

The doctor put a large drop of KY jelly onto his middle finger.
Holding open the boys butt cheeks, he slowly pushed his finger
into the warm passage. Kyle sucked in a lung full of air in
surprise as he felt the doctors finger invade his butt. Kyle's
lung full of air emptied out faster than it got sucked in, as the
doctor found the boys small prostate and gave it a rub. Kyle's
already hard cock, gave a lurch and a large glob of pre-cum
dripped out of the piss slit and ran down the length of his tool
and dripped off of his balls, to land with a small "splat" sound
on the exam room floor. As the doctor continued rubbing the
prostate and more pre-cum, oozed out of Kyle's cock and dripped
off of his balls onto the floor, the doctor chuckled to himself.
After a few minuets, the doctor felt Kyle's anus start to tighten
and Kyle started to raise himself up on his toes. He knew the boy
was close to cumming.

The doctor pulled his finger out of the boy_s ass. Kyle started o
reach for his hard dick without even thinking. He had to get
himself off. Before he could even touch his rampant cock, the
doctor grabbed his hand and pulled it away. He told Kyle that he
would be able to have a orgasm in a little while.

The doctor had Kyle lie down on his back on the exam table. He
then proceeded to strap Kyle down to the table. Once fully
secured with his legs in stirrups and spread far apart, the
doctor then slid a rubber tube onto Kyle's dick. Kyle moaned in
pleasure, as he felt the warm and moist rubber tube, engulf his
hard penis.

There was a clear, hard plastic tube running from the top of the
sheath on Kyle's dick, down to a machine under the exam table.
The doctor the attached some wires onto Kyle's nipples and a few
onto and around his scrotum. The doctor turned a knob on the
machine to the "ON" position, and Kyle felt the best feeling he
had ever felt in his short life. The rubber sleeve on his dick
warmed up even more, and as the liquid moved around, it felt like
a soft pair of lips were sliding up and down his swollen cock.
The wires attached to his nipples and testicles, sent small zaps
of electricity to the sensitive areas,that caused Kyle more
enjoyment than his brain cold handle.

The machine sensors picked up the firmness of Kyle's cock as it
got ready to shoot out its load of cum. The machine activated its
anti- cum mechanism. The warmness in the sleeve on Kyle's cock
turned ice cold. The small Pleasure zaps, turned into strong
painful zaps. Kyle screamed in pain and frustration as his orgasm
subsided and his penis went soft.

Once his penis was fully soft, the machine started up again.
Kyle's penis became hard once again as the sleeve on his boy tool
became warm and fluid and started to pump up and down. The small
electrical zaps to his balls and tits, because pure pleasure once
again. Again the machine worked it's magic and brought Kyle close
to the edge of orgasm, but it would not give him the release he
so desperately needed.

When It sensed he was about to orgasm, the machine did all it
could to prevent the orgasm. It became cold, and cause pain to
the boy_s balls and tits. Once the penis was fully soft and the
orgasm was averted, the machine stated up again and started to
give pleasure to the boy and his toy. Kyle did not know if he
wanted to laugh or cry. He was feeling so good and at the same
time, he had this building pain in his balls. He remembered that
this pain was called blue balls, and it was really starting to
hurt. He tried to ask the doctor to turn off the machine so he
could cum, but all the doctor did was put a gag in Kyle's mouth.

The machine was going non stop on Kyle's, now abused dick. Kyle
had been secured to the exam table, with the evil machine pumping
his rod for over an hour now. He was crying in pain and
frustration. Every time he felt like he was finally about to cum,
he felt ice coated hands grip his dick real hard, while something
was taking a large bite on his nipples while someone wearing
combat boots kept kicking him in the balls. Kyle's whole body was
drenched in sweat as he thrashed around on the table, trying to
free himself of his bonds. Kyle felt the orgasm start to build
once again. Kyle heard a click sound, and felt the magic,
warmness of the sleeve speed up it's work on his dick. More tears
escaped Kyle's eyes, as he screamed into his gag. Kyle finally
got the release he so desperately needed. Large ropes of cum
started to shoot out of the piss hole of Kyle's penis. The never
ending orgasm just kept going on and on.

The doctor was counting the globs of semen that traveled the
clear tube. He was now up to fourteen as another white glob shot
by.

For ten whole minuets, Kyle's orgasm lasted. Kyle's body shacked
in the erotic passion of orgasm, as his mind fired off fireworks
in his mind. Finally when the orgasm ended, the doctor shut off
the machine. Kyle relaxed back onto the exam table. The doctor
then removed all the wires and the sleeve. He took a warm wash
cloth and cleaned off most of the sweat and cum from Kyle's body.
He gave Kyle a glass of water and let him rest for a while.

When Kyle had some of his strength back, the doctor helped him to
dress.Kyle walked home, and once he got home, stripped off and
took a shower. As he reached down to wash his nuts, he felt his
scrotum was now empty.

The End


