ORFANS

Spankings in the Punishment Room

BY PENT

Note 2

Our wayes of spanking in the punishment room are best told from
memory as I did watch some of them to happen:

The first I recall is Brenda, some eight years of age. She was
built sturdy with some youthfull plumpness and a pleasant nature.

Brenda is brought to the punishment room by a minder, and her
spanker awaits: Capt. John Tulk, late retired from His Majesty's
Navy. A large man and by reputation a very dragon in any naval
action, he is most gentle to our girls withal, though new to
helping us charitably with his time.

As with all who are new, Capt. Tulk is assisted by a more
experienced friend until he will be able judge for himself the
force and duration of spanking that is needed, depending upon the
age and maturity of each girl who is presented for punishment.
His mentor in this case is Sir Anthony Tukesbury, Bart.

The spanker aims to illicit from a girl so young as Brenda a
properly contrite response to her punishment. The force of
spanking must be nicely adjusted to engender the tears of a young
girl and pleas for mercy, more by appearance of fierce punishment
than by real hurt to her lovely and delicate bottom.

Brisk beating may be needed, though, to warm a girl of twelve to
bring her to copious weeping, loud pleadings, straining at her
ties, wriggling, squerming and the full pageant of spanking
-which brings to the ladies and gentlemen, both spanker and
observer, the greatest satisfaction of feeling that a punishment
has been well delivered, which does draw from them their greatest
bounty towards the coffers of the Great Orfanage.

The spankings are to chastise each girl as befits her particular
physique and naughtiness. She must never be allowed to feel that
the first purpose of her punishment is to cause an employer to
hire her, though I suspect some of the older girls do "play to
the gallery" so to attract a wealthy observer to employ them,
with pretty squeals and wriggles during their spankings.

To return to Brenda and Capt. Tulk:

He sits in a spanking chair with no arm-rests to restrict his
work, with Sir Anthony standing on his right hand.

"Come stand before me, Brenda. You may leave us now, ma'am", to
the attendant, who starts the one hour sand-timer as she leaves
and closes the door behind her.

"The slate here in my hand Brenda does state that you were caught
pinching another girl Pamela so hard that the marks were there to
see on the next day!

"What do you say to that, Miss Brenda, pray?!" and his gnarled
weather-beaten face looked properly fierce.

"She hit me first, Sir!"

"You are making this worse for yourself, Miss (frowning fiercer)
You must NEVER tell tales about what another girl has done!

"Even if what you say were true, who will believe you? and you
get yourself accused of telling lies to save yourself!

"So now I have to punished you for telling untruths as well as
for pinching Pamela!

"Come close to me Brenda . . . and turn your back . . . I am
going to lift your skirt . . . there, hold it up. Now your
drawers come down . . (sliding them down her legs) and step out
of them, please.

"I want you to lie yourself over my knee here . . right over . .
there. And I tuck your skirt into the neck of your dress . . .

"I am going to spank you with my hand, Brenda, and it's a very
hard hand, Brenda. I have used it to kill people in battles at
sea, Brenda.

"So it will hurt, Brenda!"

Capt. Tulk's hand was indeed huge as he laid it against the plump
white bottom of the eight year old Brenda. She was now weeping in
terror of the ogre who now had her firmly pressed down on the
small of her back against his rough sea-going trousers.

The cheeks of her bottom did squeeze together in jerks as she
sobbed loudly and her face did show sheer terror.

SLAPPPP!!!!

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh!" Brenda wriggled her bottom violently in pain.

Capt. Tulk looked inquiringly at Sir Anthony - was it too hard??
Sir Anthony nodded approval . . . all unseen to Brenda.

SLAPPPP!!!!!

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaagh!!!", and Brenda squermed on his lap, weeping.

SLAPPPP!!!!!!!

"Oooooooowwww!!", and Brenda wrythed again in pain, and sobbing.

After Capt. Tulk had smacked Brenda's chubby round bottom a dozen
times (making much noise, but not too terribly hard!) it was
glowing a faint red and she was weeping copiously, and Sir
Anthony signaled to rest . . .

"Brenda, I'll stop spanking now . . . and I will take away some
of your pain.

"I do it like this . . by stroking your sore . . sore . . bottom
gennnnnnnntly . . gennnnnntly . . there . . that's better?"

And Capt. Tulk slowly fondled and kneaded Brenda's sore red
bottom in a way that soon had her to stop wrything around and
crying as she began to make sounds more like humming as she
squirmed slowly on his lap in pleasure.

Sir Anthony signaled to stop after some ten minutes of soothing
massage to Brenda's angelic bottom . . . and Capt. Tulk
continued:

"Brenda, that spanking with my hard hand was your punishment for
cruelly pinching Pamela so the marks on her were still there next
day.

"For telling tales about her and trying to put the blame on her,
I am going to spank you with something harder: the back of a
hairbrush . . .

"I want to be sure you are lying firm over my knee, and I know
it's rough Navy trousers I am wearing, which may chafe hard on
your fair skin . . . There, I hold you firm now . . .

"Let me remind you, Brenda: you will NOT tell tales!".

SLAPPPP! . . .

as the hairbrush flattened Brenda's lovely plump little bottom.

"OOOOOOOH!!! OOOOOOOOOOOH!!" shouted Brenda . . .

"Brenda, you will NOT tell tales!"

SLAPPPP!! . . .

as the back of the hairbrush again flattened Brenda's angelic
bottom . . .

"OOWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!", yelled Brenda . . .

"Brenda, NEVER tell tales!"

SLAPPPP!!!!

and the back of the hairbrush again gave Brenda's adorable bottom
another stinging kiss . . .

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH!!!" and Brenda wept floods of tears now.

Capt. Tulk raised an eyebrow to Sir Anthony, who nodded.

"Come Brenda, that is enough to help you remember: NEVER tell
tales my dear girl.

"Now you have paid the price, your punishment is ended, and you
are forgiven.

"Let me help you to sit up . . . so I can give you a hug . . .
and I'll soothe that sore sore bottom of yours".

Brenda now sat on his lap with her bottom sticking out over the
edge and he did rub and squeeze his hand gently all around over
her soft silky smooth roundness.

Capt. Tulk had his other arm hold Brenda firmly with her face to
the breast of his rough serge sea jacket, while he kissed her
forehead and murmured to her:

"You are forgiven for all you did wrong, my dear Brenda . . .
Everything is all right now . . . Dry your eyes . . . here take
my handkerchief . . . see, it has my initials on it . . and you
may keep it my dear Brenda. You are nice girl and I am fond of
you".

Capt. Tulk continued for a long time to stroke Brenda's painful
bottom, and reassure her that all was now well . . . . . . . . .

"Now, time to stand up again, and here are your drawers to put
back on again, ready to go.

"All dressed now . . .

"Brenda, please tell me that you forgive me for being the person
to cause you so much pain! Can you forgive me, Brenda? Please!"

"Yes Sir, thank you Sir! And thank you for caring enough to
punish me, Sir!"

And dear Brenda near stumbled as she bobbed him the curtsey which
we teach the girls to give after that they have been spanked.

Capt. Tulk rang on the hand bell and the minder entered to
escorted Brenda away to her lessons again.

Sir Anthony, I saw, grasped Capt. Tulk firmly by the hand and
clapped him on the back in congratulation for a delicate spanking
well and lovingly done.

For the punishment of Brenda, the observers at the spy-holes were
those who usually like to visit for the spanking of our younger
girls. These observers alway do give generously to see the Great
Orfanage maintain such good standards of discipline with
unstinted time spent upon the punishments of the girls.

Jessica, the next girl I have in mind, is ten and she usually has
a somewhat dull and surly expression on her face: not one of our
more attractive girls to hire as a servant and I expected we may
have difficulty to find her a good employer. The minder brings
her into the punishment room where Lady Frances awaits.

Her ladyship is a forceful woman, though not tall. She has
changed her fashionable clothes for the stern work ahead, and has
a simple smock with no adornment in her hair nor any jewelry
showing, and wore a mask to keep her identity from the visitors
at their viewing windows.

"Come here, Jessica. I am Lady Frances. I want you to address me
as Ma'am".

"Yes 'm".

"No, not 'm . . . You must learn to say it right; say Ma'am".

"Yes, Ma'am".

"That's better, Jessica . . . Now, your slate says you did not
polish the brass and copper cooking pots as you should. It says
here that you are often lazy. Jessica, tell me if you think that
is true?"

"Yes, Ma'am, I suspose so".

And Jessica hung her head. "My job is to help you to mend your
ways, Jessica. I want you to stand up on that box and bend
yourself over the end of the table".

To the minder:

"Fasten Jessica's wrists to the table rings, please . . . Now
raise her skirt and tuck it into her collar . . . Remove her
under-drawers . . . and take them with you as you leave. Thank
you".

As the attendant leaves the room, she turns the sand timer to
start it . . .

"Jessica, before the hour is out, I will do my best to make you
decide to work hard at all the tasks you are given to do.

"This is for the good of your whole future. A lazy girl can not
survive today. No one will want to employ you. You MUST learn:
You WILL work hard!

"I will start first with the wood paddle . . . You are to count
the strokes: After the first one say: "One, thank you Ma'am", and
so on.

"And I will remind you of why you are being beaten . . Do you
understand, Jessica?"

"Yes Ma'am, thank you Ma'am".

SLAPPPP went the paddle and flattened Jessica's plump bottom.

"OHHHH! ONE Ma'am, thank you Ma'am".

"You WILL work hard, Jessica!"

SLAPPPP went the paddle again on Jessica's soft warm bottom.

"AAAAAAH!! TWO MA'AM, thank you Ma'am".

"You WILL work hard, Jessica!"

SLAPPPP went the paddle on Jessica's bare bottom as she bent over
the table with wrists firmly tied in place, and I saw m'Lady
Frances knew well how to spank . . . the blows were not hard and
Jessica would be able to take a full hour of punishment at the
force used by her spanker on the paddle . . . tho' her pain will
mount until she will feel most sore by the end. And at every
stroke, m'Lady firmly said:

"You WILL work hard, Jessica!"

At "OOOOOOOOOOW! TWENTY Ma'am, thank you Ma'am", Jessica was
weeping copiously, and m'Lady Frances stopped for some five
minutes . . .

"Now, Jessica, I am going to tie this blindfold on you, and I am
going to use the strap for punishment. You will not know when the
strap will hit you . . .

"As you bend over the table there with your bottom bare I want
you to imagine that you are polishing the brasses, and for a few
minutes you have stopped working hard at it . . . THAT is when
the strap will strike you.

"And I want you to start counting again, from ONE. Do you
understand, Jessica?" "Yes, Ma'am, thank you Ma'am". (her voice
choking with tears).

The strap whistled through the air and landed on Jessica's
scarlet bottom with no warning: CRAKKKK . . .

"AAAAAH! ONE, Ma'am. Thank you Ma'am".

"You WILL work hard, Jessica!"

A long pause, then:

CRAKKKK . . . the strap made a loud noise as it bit into
Jessica's bottom again. And by this time Jessica was squerming
and wrything against the bonds on her wrists, jerking and kicking
her legs back straight out as she howled, then said:

"TWO MA'AM. Thank you Ma'am".

"You WILL work hard, Jessica!"

With all the long terrifying waits for the next blow, Jessica got
no more than seven cuts with the strap . . . but they were hard
and most painful to her.

M'Lady Frances had kept the pain well within what Jessica's ten
year old bottom could endure, though she did buck and jerk at
every cut of the strap in a most lively way.

At: "SEVEN MA'AM, thank you ma'am" . . .

"Jessica, you WILL work hard . . . won't you Jessica??"

"YES Ma'am, yes I will Ma'am, yes I will, I will, I will!".

"Very well, Jessica. I will release your wrists and soothe your
sore red bottom. I will rub it gently . . ."

Jessica's bottom felt m'Lady's hand most painfully and she winced
and twisted her hips from side to side in agony as the fingers
pressed and rubbed deep into her scarlet cheeks, while she cried
out in pain . . .

"Shush! Shush! 'Tis for your own good! This will disperse the
bruises. You will have far less pain tonight, Jessica. Stay still
while I take the pain away".

And m'Lady Frances kept probing and kneading Jessica's aching
bottom, though Jessica continued to bawl in pain . . .

"Jessica, hush! I will soothe you with my own person!"

A quick flurry of m'Lady's smock put it up on Jessica's back and
m'Lady stood close behind Jessica, pressing herself hard against
the girl's bare bottom, rocking hard and quick from side to side.

I have no doubt m'Lady was naked under her smock. Jessica was
most suddenly startled to feel m'Lady's warm naked body pressing
against her bottom, and she straight stopped her noise!

M'Lady did rock herself faster and more intense thus a few
minutes longer . . . then her face flushed red and her jerking
movement betrayed a sudden climax to her work, after which she
drew back and let her smock fall into place.

After some time of heavy breath while m'Lady recovered herself:
"I think you are ready now, Jessica my dear, to go back to your
work. Let me help you up . . . . and we'll lower your skirt
-there!"

"Can you forgive me, Jessica dear, for the punishment I have just
given you? It was intended only for your own benefit, you know!"

"Yes Ma'am, thank you Ma'am. It is most good of you to care for
me and my future, Ma'am".

We do teach the girls to drop a curtsie when they reply thus to
their spanker but dear Jessica was so deeply affected by the feel
of being loved when that m'Lady had frigged her bare cunnie
against Jesse's naked and sensuous bottom that she did fall to
the ground and clasp the knees of m'Lady and lay her head into
her crotch and rub it there to the great delight of m'Lady
Frances.

"Thank you Ma'am! Thank you Ma'am! Thank you indeed Ma'am!'

"That is very lovely of you, Jessica my dear. I will remember you
alway with affection and mayhap we will chance to meet again".

At this moment the attendant came in response to m'Lady's ring to
escort Jessica back to her work.

"And Jessica . . ."

"Yes Ma'am?"

"You WILL work hard . . . won't you?"

"Yes Ma'am. Thank you Ma'am!"

and Jessica walked stiffly from the punishment room.

The reader will note that we make no attempt at the Great
Orfanage to hide the true nature of a girl from her spanker or
those watching who might employ her.

The future mistresses of our orfan girls do find that the
demeanour of a girl as she undergoes painful correction is an
excellent indication of her personal nature. Whether the girl
would be a willing, hardworking and compliant member of the
household; Or whether she have a high spirit that needs to be
tamed with much strong punishment, which some ladies do greatly
prefer; Or somewhat lazy and invite punishment almost daily . . .

M'Lady Frances did come to me and ask that she be allowed to have
more dealings with Jessica and punish her on some future
occasions as she fancied the girl may be suitable to her needs
for a personal servant in her household by the following year
when that Jessica will have reached eleven years of age.

And such did indeed come to pass after that M'Lady Frances had
spanked Jessica hard for some several times more and frigged her
naked cunnie against the girl's warm and punished bottom on every
occasion to the great delight of the visitors behind their
viewing windows.

M'Lady Frances did take Jessica to her house when aged eleven and
likely had to spank her upon her bare bottom almost daily so she
will work to earn her keep. The solicitude of the gentry for our
orfan girls never ceases to amaze me: some mistresses of large
houses are well satisfied with a girl who needs such frequent
chastisement, but is otherwise clean and well-mannered.

Jessica did come visit me some years later when that m'Lady was
in Town and told me how that things had gone with her. She had a
room on the same floor of the house as m'Lady separate from the
other servants so she was alway in quick and easy call.

M'Lady kept Jessica employed with sewing and the mending of
cloathes and did indeed beat her most days saying it was for
laziness and did frig herself each time against the warm and
comfortable body of Jessica sometime one way sometime another.

Her meals were brought to her room and m'Lady did make sure she
had plenty and did keep what some do call her puppy fat so she
stayed cuddlesome to m'Lady.

M'Lord her husband did have much to drink on Jessica's first
Christmas there and come to her room. Great was his surprise and
pleasure when Jessica gave no resistance to his advances and e'en
rolled on the bed and did offer him her plump and comely bottom
which she had swift prepared for him with grease from the snuff
box we had given her.

Great was his joy as his rampant yard slid slowly into her twelve
year old bottom which he told her he did find mighty tight and
greatly to his pleasure. She had replied that he did give her a
wonderful feeling that did go all through her, and he did like
that much.

Jessica when that she came to see me was still enjoying daily
spankings from m'Lady and was oft times pleasured by his Lordship
who alway did extol the tight grip that her young bottom did take
of his rampant yard.

It did seem that the charity of those who had given of their time
to spank young Jessica while she was in the Great Orfanage had
indeed given this unlikely girl the most excellent opportunities
for a full and healthful life.

When that in some few years m'Lady wishes again to have a girl of
eleven or twelve as her personal servant she will like visit the
Great Orfanage and chuse another, while she let Jessica go, as a
virgin still with her maidenhead intact, to the marriage bed of
one of the prosperous farmers on their estates with a dowry that
did show the thanks of m'Lady and his Lordship for the great
pleasures that Jessica had provide for them over the years.

As Jessica did leave me I felt what great reward I had for my
work amongst the orfans in my charge and wished it may long
continue.

For the third girl I recall, a renowned Member of Parliament
awaited in the punishment room, Charles James F--, a generous
benefactor of our Orfanage. He had doffed his wig and finery and
chose to wear a small grey mask and the white costume of a master
cook, all excepting the tall white hat.

As we know, one peculiar cut of this clothing is its lack of
covering for the wearer's privy parts which lie open and fully
exposed under the white apron of the cook, so to piss without
handling.

An attendant brought in the miscreant, Colleen, a lively girl of
twelve with a slender frame, milk-white skin and red hair. Her
breasts had hardly begun to show, but her lily-white bottom
jutted out firmly from her narrow hips, as only a young girl's
can. Her green eyes usually laughing and with a twinkle in them,
but not now - she knew she was due for severe punishment.

"Colleen, your the slate says you started a water fight last
Friday night in your dormitory, using the clyster cylinder that
you have for washing in your bottom, and the walls of your
dormitory were running with water before you could be stopped.

"What's more, Colleen, Matron received a clyster-full of cold
water in her face from you. She says you aimed the clyster
cylinder deliberately at her before she could reach you to stop
the fight.

"Colleen, tell me first, do you dispute any of these charges?"

"I didn't aim it at Matron, Sir, she moved in the way as I began
to squirt at another girl!"

"That's as may be. Tell me Colleen, why did you start a clyster
fight?"

"It was fun, Sir, it really was . . ."

Mr. F-- had a fit of coughing to cover his laughter. When he
recovered: "Colleen, it is my painful duty to spank you until I'm
sure you will remember the pain for many months to come, and curb
any temptation in yourself to have "fun" of this kind . . . Do
you understand, Colleen?"

"Yes, Sir. I'm sorry, Sir".

"Yes. Well, Colleen, you will have to pay now. It is a most
grievous fault that you have committed and it is my unpleasant
duty to make sure you remember that you are sorry".

"Colleen, I want your upper half on the table and your legs
hanging down and tied well apart.

"Thank you, ma'am (to the minder) her wrists first, tied to the
rings. Soft leather, is it? Not too tight please -

"Good! Now her skirt up and drawers off . . . and tie her ankles
- not too tight but wide apart - to the table legs.

"Thank you. You may leave us now . . ."

The attendant took Colleen's drawers with her, and started the
one-hour sand timer then closed the door as she left.

Charles James F--- said:

"This must be a severe punishment and I very much regret I have
to do this, my dear Colleen. First I must impress upon you that I
hold no personal ill will toward you and to make you mindful of
this I will do to you thus . . ."

He took out a fine lawn hand kerchief and touched it briefly with
his tongue then pressed that wet part to Colleen's small and pink
rosebud which was facing the windows for visitors and clear for
all to see between the two milk-white orbs of her lovely bottom.

Mr. F-- did lift the hand kerchief away and did examine it
closely.

"Colleen, I am pleased to see that you have cleansed yourself
well this morn", and without more ado he kneeled upon the floor
behind her and kissed her bottom full and deep.

His head pushed in again and again - he was certainly using his
tongue to lick and suck her rosebud and used it to probe into her
bottom. Colleen did make gasp and moan as she squirmed her bottom
in pleasure of what was done to her as he did linger and give
great joy to the girl, (and to himself methought).

At last Mr. F-- did remove his face from between her lovely
milk-white cheeks and stand again upon his feet.

"My dear Colleen, I hope you do believe now that I am truly fond
of you and will only punish you now for your own good, to help
you mend your ways?"

"Aye, indeed I do Sir!", returned Colleen, wondering what to
happen next.

"Your bottom is going to swallow this dildoll and I will spank
you while it is inside you, which will hurt most harshly.

"The 'Battering Ram' as you call it will put the dildoll inside
your bottom for me, and indeed nothing is known that can stop
this Battering Ram from forcing an entry to the most tight closed
door".

"Oh! Please Sir! It will hurt me most terribly, I'm sure of it!
Please, do you have to use it Sir?!"

"You should have thought of that before you squirted water with
the clyster in the face of Matron, Colleen!", said Mr. F-- as he
took from a peg on the wall the stick with a disk near one end
and let it hang by its thin cords from the beams above.

The varnished stick as long as his arm and as thick as his little
finger did swing back and fore along its length with one round
end tapping against Colleen's rosebud.

"Look-you Colleen, this is the dildoll your bottom is going to
swallow!", and he held up the largest one from the table for
Colleen and the visitors to see.

The dildoll was about four inch long and an inch across at the
thickest part about midway along it. The ends were well rounded,
with a hole for the stick in one end, and all well varnished.

Mr. F-- did let Colleen take a close look and her face did show
her fear and trepidation plainly for the visitors to see.

"The dildoll slides loosly onto the end of the varnished stick,
thus . . . and I make sure your bottom is well greased . . . and
the dildoll also.

"I have a ten pound weight on this cord which I run over the
pulley down here between your legs and loop onto the disk so the
weight does pull the dildoll toward your pretty rosebud, thus".

"Oh! I do feel the Battering Ram pressing to enter, Sir! Can
nothing stop it?!"

"Nothing, my dear Colleen! I have a fifty pound weight here
should we need it to overcome any reluctance you may have to
allow the dildoll to slide into your lovely bottom!"

"Oh! Sir that does sound most painful! Can you please make it
easy for me?"

"Indeed I can my dear Colleen. First I add another ten pound
weight, thus . . . so the dildoll is pulled even harder toward
your rosebud, And second, I do swing the end of the Battering
Ram, so".

The end of the stick toward the visitors was weighted to swing
like the bob of a pendulum, and this did make that end of the
stick swing on its cord from the beam above. It was a cord of
several feet and the swing was long and easy.

The dildoll as it pressed against Colleen's rosebud was twisted
slowly from side to side by the swinging of the other end and she
did squirm her bottom mightily in pleasure at the feel of the
well greased dildoll rubbing thus as it pressed against her
rosebud.

With this steady movement from side to side against Colleen's
sweet rosebud the dildoll, pulled as it was by twenty pounds of
weight, did slowly work itself between her lips to part them wide
and make the dildoll to enter her bottom as the visitors did gape
in awe and Colleen did gasp loud and long as she felt the dildoll
slide slowly up all the waye into her bottom.

The disk on the stick had stopped against the cheeks of Colleen's
bottom so the stick did penetrate Colleen's bottom but little,
and the dildoll was drawn in as her sphyncter closed on the
tapered end of the varnished wood dildoll.

Mr. F-- did unloop the cord from the disk and pull the stick from
her rosebud to hang it against the wall again.

Colleen's rosebud did close to push the dildoll well up inside
her bottom and the visitors could see from her face the very
great joy that she did have from this as her rosebud did close
over the smooth round end of the varnished wood.

"Colleen, I am going to spank you while you have the large
dildoll up inside your bottom and the pain will remind you for
evermore that you are never to treat those in authority over you
with such gross disrespect as you did treat Matron with the
clyster on Friday.

"I want you to count as I apply the paddle to your bottom: One
Sir, and so on, no matter how much it does hurt you. Do you
understand me, Colleen?"

"Yes Sir! Please don't hurt me too much Sir!"

"Only as much as I have to, Colleen!"

SLAPP! went the first kiss of the paddle.

"Ohhhhhh! . . . . One Sir!".

SLAPP! "Aaaagh! Two Sir!"

SLAPP! "Owwwwwwwww! Three Sir"

And each time Colleen frigged her cunnie against the edge of the
table and she did revel in the sensation of the dildoll as it
moved sharply inside her bottom at each slap of the paddle and
excited her deepest centres of joy.

Mr. F-- was slapping Colleen's bottom with the paddle only hard
enough to make the dildoll excite her far up inside her bottom.

Colleen did know to give a display of pain for the visitors with
her cries of Ohhhh! Owwwww! Aaaaagh! and the like but she could
not disguise what happened to her in the end as she approached
her climax of delight from the excitement of the dildoll as it
was thrust again and again by the rapid beating of the paddle
deep into her bottom and her hips moved rapidly to frig her
cunnie against the edge of the table before her whole frame went
rigid with her ecstasy then sank in torpid languor, as she lay
gasping on the table with her legs gone limp over the side.

"Colleen, I believe I have punished you sufficient now; I will
remove the dildoll from in your bottom and try to sooth the
bruises to your cheeks".

Mr. F-- did grasp the thin cord that was fastened to the dildoll
and gently pulled on the rounded wooden plug until it came slowly
out from between the lips of Colleen's rosebud.

Every person amongst the visitors did well understand this to
show that Colleen would be well able to serve the master of the
house where she was employed as well as his male guests, and that
Colleen would greatly enjoy the doing thereof.

Mr. F-- did take grease on his hands and gently stroke them over
Colleen's lovely bottom to disperse any bruising and to sooth any
hurt to the love channel into her bottom with a well-greased
finger lovingly pressed between the pink lips of her sweet
rosebud and slid slowly in and out for a considerable time while
Colleen did sigh and moan in her pleasure thereat and Mr. Fox's
hand did disappear beneath his cook's apron to make his own
pleasure there.

At last Mr. F-- did undo the bindings to Colleen's ankles and
wrists and help her to stand again as he did lower her skirt to
make her decent.

He did ring the hand-bell for the minder as he asked Colleen the
usual question after a spanking:

"Colleen, my dear, I most sincerely hope you will forgive me for
causing you such great and grievous hurt? I only hope I have
helped you to see the wayes that you must behave for the future?"

"I know it was no more hurt to me than I needed for my own good
Sir! Prithee bless me as you would your own daughter Sir, if that
be I do not ask too much", and Colleen sank to her knees in front
of this most eminent member of the House of Commons.

Mr. F-- had already given most copiously of his time as a charity
to our orfan girl Colleen but he made no scruple about adding his
blessing to the orfan waif before him and she so grateful that
there were tears on her cheeks as she left the punishment room
with her minder.

These three different spankings do serve to illustrate the manner
thereof. Some do truly punish the orfan girl and correct her
misbehaviour while others do show the visitors more what manner
of pleasures they can expect to enjoy with that orfan girl if
that they do take her to their household.

All punishments to girls of eight and upward are given in the
punishment room before visitors. Generous gifts are elicited from
those who view the spankings and these do support the Great
Orfanage and the charitable work of those who do the spankings.

The number of orfan girls that we can support has risen in my
time from less than fiftie when I did first come to more than
three hundred at the time I do write and their conditions have
vastly improved withal.

The punishment room and the work there of the gentry which they
do out of their extraordinary charity is the engine which drives
the whole marvellous machine which does support and train so many
destitute orfan girls so that some twenty each year do grow to
leave us for secure employment with good masters and mistresses
as servants in some of the finest houses in the Realm.

Without the punishment room and its viewing chambers, with the
charitable gentle folk who do spank the girls' bottoms there,
nothing of this would have come to pass.

It is to the marvelous charity of these gentle men and women that
so many orfan girls do owe their fine start in life.

