Early In, Early Out {Titmouse} (MF,semi-nc,anal)
------------------------------------------------
WARNING NOTICE: 
 
   The following story is erotic fiction and includes 
descriptions of explicit sex.  If you are a minor or
if such things may offend you, quit reading now.
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

                 Early In, Early Out

                    by Titmouse
            (C)1997, All Rights Reserved


	Susan was a court referral, one of the people sent 
to our office to work off minor infractions by 
performing community service.  Although she was 
reasonably friendly and otherwise quite attractive, she 
always seemed to have a sullen look on her face.  
Despite this, we had exchanged glances and flirted 
casually with each other.  One day, she brought a file 
folder to me, sent by one of the other managers in our 
office.
	"Why do you always look so glum?" I asked her.
	"I don't want to be here," Susan said.  "This is 
like jail almost.  Wouldn't you feel rotten if you had 
to report to jail every morning?"
	It seemed to me that it was my duty to brighten her 
day in exchange for a little help from her with my 
problem.
	"Well," I said, "how bad a problem is it for you?"
	"What do you mean?" Susan asked suspiciously.
	"I mean how bad do you want to get out of here," I 
said.  "And that means just what you probably think it 
means."
	She sat down in the chair in front of my desk and 
looked at me.  She crossed her legs and leaned forward 
to rest her chin on her hand.
	"Let me get this right," Susan said.  "You're 
offering to get me out of this public service shit if I 
do you a favor in exchange?"
	"That's a possibility," I told her.  "We might be 
able to shorten the length of service by giving you 
extra credit."
	She tossed her long, dark brown hair back over her 
shoulder.  "And just what kind of favor did you have in 
mind?" she asked.
	"Oh, I'm a strong believer in volunteerism," I 
said.  "You might want to make me an offer that you 
think would be worthy of an early release from court-
required public service."
	"Hmmm," Susan said, and looked at me for a long 
time without saying anything.  "Well," she said at last, 
"how about a blowjob?"
	That was certainly one of the problems I could use 
some help on.  I ran my eyes down over her body, looking 
openly at her swelling breasts, firm and high, at the 
narrow tuck of her waist and her flaring hips, her long, 
tan legs.  She let me look at her, even turned slightly 
to one side and took a deep breath to make her tits 
press outward.  She looked me in the eye and ran her 
tongue over her lips slowly.
	"That would be okay with me," I said.
	Susan glanced around the office and looked out the 
door.  Nobody was close by.
	"Where?" she asked.  "Here?"
	"I think so," I told her.  "Let's discuss this 
privately."  I stood up, walked past her to the door and 
pushed it shut.  It was not unusual for me to have 
closed door conferences.  I didn't think this would take 
long.
	As I turned back around, Susan was waiting for me. 
She was still seated but had turned the chair towards 
me.  Reaching a hand out to my waist, she stopped me 
where I was.  With her other hand, she stroked along the 
front of my pants, feeling the large lump that was 
beginning to swell up inside there.
	"Let's see what you've got here," Susan said.  She 
pulled my belt out and popped it free, then slid her 
fingers into the waist of my pants and unfastened the 
top button.  She grasped the zipper and pulled it down 
slowly over the growing bulge that pressed out against 
it.  Then, she slid her hand into the slit in my 
underwear and grasped my dick.  I swelled in her hand.
	"Ummm," she said.  "It feels promising.  Let's take 
a look."  She pulled her hand back out and, taking hold 
of the waistband on either side, she wriggled my 
underwear down over my hips, until the tip of my cock 
poked out the top.  It was rock hard and straining 
upward.
	"I'd better taste it," Susan says, "to make sure 
its edible."  She leaned forward and, extending her 
tongue, slowly licked upward on the exposed head of my 
prick.  Then she worked it around the side and between 
it and my stomach and licked the top of the head.
	"So far, so good," she admitted, "but I'm still not 
sure.  Maybe I'd better suck on it a little."  Susan 
pulled outward and downward on the waistband of my 
underwear, letting my dick jut forward.  She lowered her 
head to meet it and, pursing her pouting lips, pushed 
them over the head and down onto the shaft of my 
throbbing cock.  It felt wonderful, as it always does.
	Susan sucked on the end of my prick while she 
pulled my pants and underwear over my butt and down on 
my thighs.  Then she brought both of her hands up to 
grasp it, one hand at the base and one up higher around 
the shaft.  She began to push her head up and down, 
taking my cock as deep in her mouth as she could and 
then slowly sliding her mouth up along the shaft until 
just the head was inside her lips again.
	When just the tip of my cock was in her mouth, 
Susan used her hand to twist around and back on the top 
part of the shaft, dragging her fingers across the 
sensitive underside of my prick, using the wetness of 
her saliva to lubricate it so that her slick fingers 
slid sensuously over the skin.  Her tongue slid back and 
forth under the head of my dick.
	Then she would slowly push her mouth down over the 
shaft, taking it deeper and deeper into her mouth, 
sucking on it and sliding her tongue along the 
underside, until I could feel the swelling head of my 
cock push into the narrow back part of her throat.  When 
it was all the way in there, with her lips almost to the 
base of my dick and reaching out to try to get more of 
me in her mouth, she would moan against my cock, making 
her throat vibrate around me and sending an electric 
charge deep into my throbbing balls.
	I had leaned back against the wall to prop myself 
up.  Susan was leaning forward in the chair, her legs 
spread outside mine to get closer.  Looking down into 
her blouse, I could see her tits enfolded in a white 
lace bra.  I unfastened the top button and slid my hand 
inside her blouse, cupping a tit, squeezing it, taking 
the nipple in my fingertips through the bra and pinching 
it.  Susan seemed to like what I was doing, as she 
thrust her chest forward, pressing her tit into my hand. 
 Meanwhile, her head continued to work up and down on my 
cock.
	I pushed my fingers down inside her bra cup to get 
my hand on her naked breast.  I pushed my hand deep 
inside so that I could hold her tit in my hand and feel 
it swell against my palm.  Turning my attention to her 
nipple again, I pulled on the hardening tip, twisting it 
back and forth.  Susan gave a little extra moan deep in 
her throat and pulled her head off my cock, but still 
held it in her hands.
	"This is a little awkward," she said.  "Why don't 
you sit behind your desk?"
	"Okay," I said, willing to follow her warm, sucking 
mouth anywhere.  Susan stood and, pulling me by my stiff 
prick, led me around the desk where she turned my back 
to the chair and made me sit down.  All the time, her 
hand continued to pull on my cock, jacking up and down 
on it.  She knelt down in front of me and put my dick 
back into her mouth.  I slid my hand into her blouse 
again.
	"Don't you want to take your blouse off?" I asked. 
Susan didn't answer directly.  Instead, raising up 
slightly so that she could continue to bob her head up 
and down on my cock, she moved her hands to the front of 
her blouse and quickly unbuttoned it so that the two 
sides hung loose.  Then she reached up behind her back 
under her blouse and unfastened the catch on her bra.  
Bringing her hands back to the front, she grabbed the 
bottom edge of the bra, which now hung loose, and raised 
it up to bare her tits.  I could see her nipples 
standing out hard from her firm, young breasts.  They 
hadn't sagged at all when she pulled the bra away.
	I lowered my hands and rubbed both of her luscious 
tits, stroking and cupping them and toying with the 
nipples.  Susan had brought a hand back up to my cock 
and was once again jacking me off into her mouth.  I was 
humping my dick up into her mouth with little pushes of 
my groin.  With her other hand, she had slid her skirt 
up her thighs so she could get her hand under it and 
onto her pussy.  I couldn't see her fingers, but I could 
tell that she was playing with her clit, rolling her 
wrist around and around in the same rhythm as her 
sucking mouth and pumping hand.
	Suddenly, Susan sat back on her heels.  She looked 
up at me thoughtfully, while continuing to massage my 
swelling prick with her hands.  She looked off in space, 
thinking, then looked me in the eye.
	"Do you want more?" she asked.
	"What did you have in mind?"
	She looked at the closed door.  "Is anyone gonna 
come in?"
	"Naw," I said.  "That shut door means Do Not 
Disturb."
	Susan pushed her chest forward so that my prick 
slid between her tits.  She rubbed up and down, cradling 
my cock between them, trapping it between my body and 
hers.
	"Then I've got a special treat, if you want it.  
How would you like to fuck me in the ass?"
	"Up the back road?  I'd love to!"  That was one of 
my favorite diversions.
	"Come on," Susan said.  "You've got me all worked 
up, and now I've got to have it.  I'd like it in my 
pussy, but that's reserved for my boyfriend."
	She stood up and, taking my hand, walked me over to 
the desk.  She picked up her purse from where she had 
set it down and rummaged through it.  "Aha!" she said, 
holding up a travel size tube of Vaseline, "I knew I had 
this in here somewhere."
	Susan removed the top from the tube and squeezed a 
line onto her fingers.  Then she stepped behind me and 
reached around me to grasp my cock in both hands.  She 
spread the Vaseline all over the head and down the shaft 
of my prick, stroking from top to bottom first with her 
right hand and then her left, squeezing me with her 
fingers as my cock slid through her greased palms.
	"Now," Susan said, "you get to do me."  She hiked 
her skirt up to her waist and skinned a lacy pair of 
panties over her butt and down her thighs, then stepped 
out of them.  Keeping the skirt up with her elbows, she 
leaned over the desk and reached back with both hands to 
spread the cheeks of her ass.  Her naked tits pressed 
into my black leather desk blotter.
	With Susan holding her asscheeks open, her back 
tunnel was in plain sight, a crimped opening surrounded 
by a puckered muscle.  I squeezed some Vaseline onto my 
fingers and transferred it to the crack between her 
cheeks, making sure that most of it was directly over 
her asshole.
	I pushed in with my finger.  The tight ring of 
flesh resisted my first efforts to penetrate her ass, 
but gradually it yielded to steady pressure.  I got my 
finger in as far as the first knuckle, then rotated it 
around.  I pushed again and more of my finger slipped 
in.  Then I pulled my finger out and, gathering a gob of 
Vaseline on my fingertip, shoved it back in.  Pressing 
forward, I slid my finger right up her asshole.  With my 
finger all the way up her, I rolled my wrist around, 
making my finger press against the tight ring of flesh 
to stretch it.
	"Hurry, put it in me," Susan whimpered.  "I gotta 
have it.  Come on, honey, fuck my ass.  Put your cock in 
my ass and give it to me."
	That was fine with me.  I popped my finger out of 
her butt and grabbed my dick.  Holding it with my hand 
to stiffen it, I pushed forward until the tip of my cock 
nudged the round ring of her asshole.  Then, leaning 
forward, I pushed it against the pucker until it began 
to yield.  Susan whimpered as my prick spread her 
asstube open and the head of it worked past the tight 
flesh ring.  I felt the clenching muscle slide over the 
head and onto the shaft.  Susan had her head down on the 
desk, her eyes screwed shut, her mouth open in a silent 
scream.
	"Oh, honey, that's incredible," she said.  "I can't 
believe how good that feels.  Oh, honey, give it to me. 
Come on, push your prick in there, stuff my ass with it, 
get it all the way in."
	Susan was still holding her asscheeks apart to let 
me have maximum access to her butt.  I pushed forward, 
shoving another inch up her asshole.  Susan had a look 
of intense concentration on her face now.  My cock was 
about half way in her.  She held very still as I pressed 
forward, burying more of my prick in her.
	"Is that what you want, bitch?" I asked.  "I hope 
you meant it when you said you wanted your ass fucked, 
because it's too late now if you didn't.  You've got my 
cock in your ass, and there's more to come."
	I drew back slightly and then pushed forward again, 
splitting more of her ass with my prick.  It slid into 
the depths of her bowels, pushing in until the tight 
ring was all the way down onto my cock, until the hair 
around the base of my dick tickled it.  I shoved my butt 
forward to press my cock into her as deep as possible, 
pushing my crotch up against her soft, white ass and 
spreading the cheeks apart.
	"Oh, yes, honey" Susan hissed.  "Yesss.  Give it to 
me.  Push it into my ass and fuck me, baby.  That's it. 
Get it in there all the way.  Is it tight enough for 
you?  Do you like the way my ass grabs your cock and 
squeezes it?  Push it in me, baby.  Fuck my ass."
	Her ass held my prick like velvet muscle, squeezing 
me all along the length.  The tight ring of her asshole 
squeezed me, too, as it slid along my cock.  I pulled 
back and then sunk my prick all the way into her ass, 
sliding it deep into her.
	"God, baby, that's so good," Susan whispered.  "I 
love this.  Oh, push it in me, honey.  Give me your 
cock.  Fuck me in the butt.  Shove it into me.  That's 
it, that's it.  Come on.  Give me some more.  I love it. 
I love your cock in my ass.  Fuck me, baby."
	I began to shove my dick down her back tunnel with 
more force, jerking my hips forward to pop it all the 
way into her, slowly sliding back and then shooting it 
forward again.  Susan slipped a hand under her and down 
to her pussy.  Soon, I could feel her fingers rubbing 
her clit around and around when I was all the way in her 
butt.  Her ass jerked convulsively.  I pulled back and 
then shoved my cock up her ass again.
	"God, you can't believe how good that feels," Susan 
panted.  "It's the most incredible feeling in the world, 
having a big cock up your ass.  It slides in there and 
it's just so big that you think you'll never be able to 
take it but it just keeps coming into you more and more 
and deeper and deeper up your ass and it stretches you 
like you're going to split and still there's more cock 
still to come and you can't believe how big it is and 
how full of cock your ass feels.  And then, when you 
finally get it all the way in, it's like the only thing 
in the world, this big cock spreading your ass and 
completely taking over your body and then when you pull 
back it feels like the world is going away, like 
everything is over and it's the end of the world until 
there's only the big head of your prick just barely 
sticking in my butt.  But then you start to push it in 
again and it's this feeling like nothing else in the 
world, just this big old cock coming up your butt like a 
train, pushing everything aside, plowing up your 
asshole."
	I was fucking her hard and steady now, shoving my 
prick up her ass and then pulling it back.  Susan was 
whimpering, giving little cries of rising passion as my 
cock pounded into her butt.  I knew I would not last 
long at this rate.  It was just too hot and I had been 
horny too long.  I watched my prick slide in and out of 
Susan's asshole.  The tight ring of her butt clung to my 
cock, puckering inward when I pushed forward and pulling 
outward when I drew back.
	"How do you like that, baby?" I asked her.  "Is 
this what you wanted?  Do you like my cock up your ass?" 
I emphasized the point by shoving my cock forward and 
pressing it into her butt.
	"Oh, yes, baby.  Yes, that's what I wanted."  Susan 
was shuddering now, building toward her orgasm.  "I want 
your cock in my asshole.  I want you to shove it into me 
hard and fuck my ass.  Push it in there, baby.  Ram your 
cock into my butt.  Come on, baby.  You know I like it. 
Fuck me hard, baby.  Fuck it in me.  Come on, give it to 
me."
	I gave it to her.  I shoved my prick into her 
asstube roughly, jerking my hips back and then slamming 
my cock as deep as I could.  I leaned into her, pressing 
my prick all the way in, shaking my hips to make it 
waggle around inside her butt.
	"Oh, honey, I'm gonna cum," Susan cried.  "Just a 
little more, baby.  Give me some more.  Get it all the 
way in there.  Yes, that's it.  That's what I want.  
Push your cock into me.  Shove it up my ass, baby."
	She was rolling her hips around, swirling my dick 
inside her ass.  As I pushed in and out, Susan was 
squeezing me with her butt muscle, clinging to my dick 
as I pulled back, resisting me as I pushed it forward 
into her ass.  I heard her breath catch, and then she 
was cumming, as quietly as possible but cumming anyway 
in gasps and cries.
	"Oh, god, I'm cumming.  That's it, honey.  Fuck my 
ass, make me cum, make me cum.  Oh, yes, that's it.  
Yes, I'm cumming, baby.  Oh, god.  Push it in me.  Give 
it to me.  Fuckme, fuckme, fuckme."
	She writhed on the desk, rolling around.  I slammed 
my cock up her ass and felt my own cum start boiling up 
from my balls, race through the long tube of my cock, 
and burst out into her ass.  Wave after wave of cum 
rolled over me, and spurt after spurt shot up Susan's 
ass.
	"Oh, yes, honey, cum in my ass.  Yes, give it to 
me, baby. Cum in me.  That's it."
	Exhausted, I fell forward onto her back, my cock 
buried to the hilt in her asstube.  Susan rolled her 
hips under me, luxuriating in the feel of my still hard 
prick pushed deep into her bowels.
	A noise outside the door, someone passing down the 
hall, startled us.  I pulled out of Susan's ass and 
quickly put myself together.  She did the same, stuffing 
her panties into her purse.  We looked at each other, 
took a deep breath, and opened the door.  She walked 
into the hall, heading for the ladies room.  As she 
turned the corner, she looked back at me and smiled.  I 
went back to my desk, pulled the Court Referrals folder 
out of a drawer, and changed her record to reflect an 
extra week of Community Service.

 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
End of 'Early In, Early Out' by Titmouse.  
Story 08

 
Author's Note:

There was a Susan, and she was a court referral.  Other than that,
this is all fantasy.  I never touched her, and I'd never be so
stupid as to risk a career with such a proposition.  Not to mention
the fact that there's no way to jimmy the records as described.  
But I can dream, can't I?

                          ---
I welcome your comments but hate spam.  Send messages to
NiteSweats@aol.com and put 'Titmouse' somewhere in the subject line.
Anything else will be deleted automatically.
