The epilogue.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle: Sisters, Chapter 8 (preg)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Persi was able to stay over at Johanna's place the next two nights, keeping her from having to fight off Raj, her mother's boyfriend, from trying to impregnate her. However, the damage had already been done. Deep inside both girls, the sperm their fertile teenage reproductive systems had been awash in for days succeeded in fertilizing their eggs. When those zygotes implanted themselves in the lining of their wombs, the powerful pheromones their fertile bodies had been exuding stopped. Strange men stopped paying attention to them, and things seemed to go back to normal.

Raj regarded the teen girls and wondered why he had been so attracted to them. They really were very plain after all, he realized. He hoped that they would keep their mouths shut, as he was very regretful that he had jeopardized his relationship with Persi's mother Gillian.

When neither of the girls' periods arrived a week-and-a-half later, both hoped that they were just late, but then a few days turned into a week, and then two. Then a month had passed since their sexual adventures, and they became really concerned. Separately, each bought a pregnancy kit and cried at the positive result.

Another month passed, neither girl willing to believe what was happening, and just wanting to ignore it, or hoping for a miscarriage. As Raj had said, though, both girls found that their small breasts became tender, and then a few weeks later, increased in size as the pregnancy hormones prepared their bodies for the babies growing inside of them.

Finally, Persi confided in her best friend, "Johanna, I'm pregnant."

"Oh, shit! Me too!" the slim brunette replied.

Persi felt guilty, knowing that she was the cause of her best friend's pregnancy when she had convinced Raj to inseminate the girl while she slept. "Um...who's the father?"

"Raj, I think." Johanna caressed her slight baby bump.

Persi goggled at her. "You knew? I thought you were asleep!"

Johanna looked at her, confused. "Asleep? In the elevator?"

"The...? Oh, you had sex with him in the elevator!?"

"Yeah...what do you mean, asleep?" Johanna looked at her side-wise.

"Um...um..."

Persi tried to quickly come up with a lie, but Johanna was a smart young woman. She thought back to when all the craziness had started, when Raj had been acting all creepy the night she had stayed over in her friend's room. She had taken one of her strong sleeping pills that night... "Did...did Raj...while I was asleep?"

"He...yeah...I'm so sorry, Johanna."

"And you JUST LET HIM?!" Johanna stood up, towering over her still-seated friend.

"I...I couldn't stop him...please...I think he's the father of my baby, too." Persi held her hands up in supplication.

Johanna rushed out of the room and burst into her friend's apartment, followed closely by Persi. There, they told Persi's mother about how Raj had raped both girls, Johanna one night and Persi the next. Gillian called the police in tears, and Raj was thrown in jail.

The girls also had to explain to both their mothers about their pregnancies, though they didn't mention their other strange sexual encounters. Both Gillian and Eliza had been single mothers, so knew that they would have to support their daughters as best they could, lest they be hypocrites.

---

Seven months later, both girls were rushed to the hospital. They gave birth within an hour of each other.

The babies, though, were definitely not Raj's. Persi's baby was full Caucasian, and Johanna's looked to be half-Phillipino! Embarrassed, they had to explain to their mothers about their other sexual adventures, Johanna with a man in the library bathroom and Persi with a guy in a nice car (she left out the part about him paying her). Their mothers were disappointed, but eventually forgave them. The cute little babies helped with that.

A few weeks after giving birth, though, both girls started to feel strange again, but that is another story.

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)