My name is Anna and I live in Darwin, Australia. I am 19 years
old and working in the retail industry. I'm not going to say
which store because Darwin is not a big place but I sell women's
clothing from a small boutique store. I guess I am a little
taller than averageat 165cm, I thinks that's about 5foot 5inches
in the old measurements. I am very slim and keep fit with lots of
swimming and cycling. I also play a few sports such as squash,
tennis and hockey on a regular basis although I'm not on any
permanent teams due to the fact that I'm not really very good at
them. I have long blonde hair and blue eyes and very pale, almost
milky skin. I do have nice breasts, very round and firm without
even a hint of sagging. I realise that won't last forever but for
now I look stunning in a swimsuit. LOL Some people say I look a
lot like Paris Hilton when she was younger but I don't really see
the resemblance other than our hair colour and general body
shape. I'm pretty sure she is taller for one thing and of course,
she's a brainless bimbo and I'm not.

My husband, Josh and I spent a week in a holiday resort in Phuket
a few months ago. That's pronounced 'Poo Ket', not 'Fuck Et' and
it's in South East Asia. The resort was French and had a large
number of French guests and staff. We were out of the main
holiday period so the resort wasn't too crowded and we were
having an excellent time. My main problem with being so pale is I
can't get too much sun because i burn very easily. Josh on the
other hand loves to go surfing, snorkelling, scuba diving,
swimming etc. All the sun lover activities which I quite enjoy
but only in moderation. Day one I over did it a little bit and
got a bit too much sun. I didn't get burned but I could tell I
would be remaining mostly in the shade for the remainder of our
stay. That's ok with me, I'm more of a night owl anyway.

The first night we went to the night club in the resort. I love
to dance and we stayed out until the night club closed at 2am.
Josh isn't very keen on dancing but he takes me out
occassionally. Although actually getting him on the dance floor
can be difficult, he prefers to spend his time sitting at the
table and listening to the music while getting drunk. I didn't
have any problem finding dance partners though. The men
outnumbered the women by about four to one so I would barely get
a chance to sit down before someone asked me to dance. It was
just dancing, I wasn't flirting with any of them and Josh didn't
seem to mind. In fact I think he's quite relieved when someone
takes over dancing duties because it means he doesn't have to.

The second day I slept in while Josh went out for an early
morning scuba diving trip. He was gone most of the morning and
came back just before lunch time. I had only just woke up and had
a shower a short time before he came back. After lunch we played
some tennis and then went to the pool. The pool was excellent and
had some shady spots so I could keep out of the sun. It also had
a poolside bar and by that I mean the bar was built into the
pool. We sat on underwater bar stools at the bar, waist deep in
the water. It was a very pleasant way to spend the afternoon
although Josh was pretty drunk even before dinner.

After dinner we went out dancing in the night club again although
it was clear that Josh wasn't really interested. I was wearing a
black dress that was very low cut at the front and totally bare
at the back, right down to the dimples above my bum. It wasn't
the sort of dress you can wear a bra with so I'm fortunate that
my breasts stand up quite nicely on their own. I was dancing with
lots of people and Josh once again sat at the table and got
drunk. One of the guys I was dancing with was Robert, although he
pronounced it 'Robair'. He was very nice and he joined Josh and I
at our table for much of the evening when we weren't actually on
the dance floor.

It wasn't even midnight when Josh was nearly passed out at the
table. He was so drunk he fell over on the way to the bar and
they told him that was his last drink. A little while later Josh
was falling asleep at the table and I decidedI should take
himback to our room.Josh could barely walkso Robert gave me a
hand and we managed to get him there leaning heavily on both of
us all the way. I put Josh to bed and thanked Robert for helping.
Josh was asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow and already
snoring. I was wide awake and Robert suggested that I leave him
to sleep it off and come back to the night club. I was a little
bit hesitant to leave Josh alone but I didn't much fancy the idea
of sitting in the room for the next few hours with that
thunderous snoring either.

Robert and I went back to the night club and continued dancing
the night away. He wasn't the only man I was dancing with. I
found out that Robert lived and worked at the resort and he was
there with a bunch of friends and I danced with all of them. Now
that Josh wasn't with me I got even more attention from the men
in the club. Ihad a lot of drinks bought for me and never had a
chance to sit down for the rest of the night. Quite a few of the
men I was dancing with copped a bit of a feel, especially as the
slower songs came on in the late hours. It was nothing too
serious though and I managed to fend off their wandering hands if
they went too far. One of the men snuggled up behind me as we
were dancing and slipped his hand inside my dress, right around
my waist. That startled me for a moment but he seemed nice and I
didn't say anything to stop him. That was a mistake because a
minute later he slid his hand up higher and cupped my right
breast inside my dress.

I had a few harsh words to say to him at that point as I broke
away fromhis embraceand Robert came charging over. There was a
bit of a fight but nobody got seriously hurt although Robert did
get a punch in the nose and was bleeding a little bit.I was
very upset and we decided to leave even though the club didn't
close for another hour. I felt bad that Robert had got hurt
defending me but he said he was ok. We walked together down the
beach on the way back to my bungalow and I'm not sure how it
happened but we were walking hand in hand. He was a very
attractive man and I was enjoying walking slowly up the beach
under the stars. When we got to the part of the beach near my
bungalow we moved up onto the grass and stopped and talked for a
while.

As we were saying goodnight, Robert leaned in to kiss me and I
kissed him right back. It wasn't just a peck on the cheek, this
was a passionate kiss and I felt myself getting hot as his tongue
probed into my mouth and his strong hands pulled me tightly into
his body. Suddenly Robert was easing me back onto the grass and
as he continued to kiss me. He slipped my dress offmy shoulders
and bared my breasts. Then hemoved down and started sucking on
my nipples while he slipped one hand up my dress andbegan
rubbing my clit through my panties. I was so hot for him I felt
like my whole body was on fire. He reached both hands up my dress
and pulled my panties down. As his hand slid back up, my legs
seemed to open of their own volition and before I knew it, he had
a finger inside my wet pussy while he moved his head up and
continued sucking on my tits.

He must have been satisfied that I was wet enough because a few
moments later he pulled away and unzipped his pants. His cock was
hard and considerably larger than Josh's. He rolled on top of me
and I spread my legs wide as he slid his cock inside me and
proceeded to fuck me. He definitely knew what he was doing and I
was rapidly approaching orgasm as he slowly slid that big cock in
and out of my dripping wet pussy. I had a moment of guilt as I
tilted my head backand looked at our bungalow where my husband
was asleep not ten metres away but the feelings in my body drove
those thoughts away and I lifted my legs high around Roberts
waist and took his cock even deeper inside me. A few minutes later
I had an earth shattering orgasm and I bit into Roberts shoulder
and came as quietly as I possibly could. Robert wasn't finished
though and continued to screw me as I came two more times before
he finally pushed into me deep and hard. I could actually feel
the jets of his cum as they splashed inside me and I came again
even as he was filling my cunt with his cum.

As Robertpulled out his cock and gotoff me I pulled my legs
together and rolled onto my side. We lay there for a few minutes,
not knowing what to say. I couldn't believe I had cheated on Josh
and was both excited and guilty about the whole situation. I
thanked Robert for walking me home and said good night. As I
reached for my panties, Robert grabbed them and said he was going
to keep them as a souvenir. I thought that was a bit strange but
i just said goodnight again and walked up the grass to my
bungalow. I went inside and Josh was still fast asleep and fully
clothed on the bed. I went into our bathroom and got ready for
bed. I had cum leaking out of me and starting to trickle down my
inner thighs and knew i would have to have a shower and clean
myself up before going to sleep.

The next morning i felt incredibly guilty. This was the first
time I had slept with another man since I started going out with
Josh nearly two years before. I hardly slept that night and when
Josh woke up the next morning I was very affectionate. I think I
was trying to reassure myself that I still loved him but whatever
the reason I was all over him. He seemed a bit surprised by my
sudden attentions, especially after the way he had been the night
before but like most men, he always has a morning hard on and he
put it to good use. Josh fucked me quickly and hard, not at all
like the slow gentle love making Robert had given me the night
before. Josh rolled me into doggy position and slammed into me so
hard I had to brace myself against the bed head. A few minutes
later he got his rocks off and pumped his cum inside me. He gave
me a quick peck on the cheek and got up to have a shower.

I lay in the bed while Josh was in the shower and found myself
thinking about Robert and the wonderful fucking he had given me. When Josh finished in the shower, I went in and
saw my black dress on the floor where I had left it the night
before. The dress was inside out and the dried white cum stains
on the black material were clearly visible. I was terrified that
Josh had seen it but he hadn't said anything. I gave the dress a
quick scrub in the sink while I had the shower running and then
had my shower and got dressed. Josh called out to tell me we had
a guest and when I came out Josh was out on the balcony drinking
coffee with Robert. They were being as friendly as can be but I
felt very uncomfortable sitting there with my husband and the
man I had cheated on him with the night before. Robert kept
smiling at me whenever Josh wasn't looking. I was just petrified
the whole time and was glad when Robert finally left.

That day Josh and I went out and did lots of activities together.
I didn't go to the night club again and only occassionally saw
Robert around the resort during the day. I got too much sun and
spent the next three days almost toally indoors watching movies.
Josh continued to go surfing and water skiing and I spent most of
my days alone, although Josh was with me every night. I was
annoyed that Josh didn't spend more time with me and kept going
out on day trips. He kept encouraging me to get out and do things
but I stayed in my room for most of the time. On our last night
there Josh insisted on going to a beach party. It was huge and
almost all the guests at the resort were there. In fact you
virtually had no choice because all the restaurants were closed
and you had to go down to the beach barbecue to get dinner. I was
feeling much better after a few days out of the sun and started
to enjoy myself at the party.

Robert was at the party of course and he came over to talk to me
when Josh went to the bathroom. I tried to remain cold and
distant and do nothing to encourage him but he was so fucking
gorgeous and I couldn't help but think about having his cock
inside me again. Josh came back from the toilet and Robert and a
couple of his friends joined us. There was two or three hundred
people all around us but our table was just me and Josh and
Robert and about nine of his friends. Josh must have been
drinking more than I realised because it wasn't long before
hewas nearly comatose in his chair with his head resting on the
table. Robert came and sat beside me and started flirting with
me. His hand was rubbing my leg under the table with myhusband
sitting on the other side of me. I have never been so torn in my
life. Josh had been an absolute arsehole the last few days
leaving me alone in my room while he went out. He hadn't even
fucked me for the last three days. I was pissed off with Josh and
horny as hell and here i had this magnificent looking stud who I
knew was a great fuck, hitting on me.

As Robert slid his hand up my Sarong and tried to finger me I
said, 'Not here'. Robert stood up and grabbed my hand and pulled
me to my feet. As he started to walk me away from the table, I
looked back atmy husbandand Robert said he would get a
couple of his friends to take Josh back to our bungalow. Roberts
room was in the opposite direction and we walked with his arm
around my waist. Quite a few people were watching us as I went
away with my lover leaving my husband behind but since we were
leaving early the next morning, I thought it was unlikely that
Josh would hear about it.

I was quivering in anticipation andwe were barely inside
hisbungalow when he spun me around and kissed me. I threw my
arms around his neck and kissed him back. He unwrapped my Sarong
with one hand as he kissed me and let it drop to the floor. I
stood there in just my panties while he squeezed and pulled at my
breasts. I wanted him so bad and started undoing his shirt. When
I had him topless I stepped back and took my panties off. Then I
knelt down in front of him and undid his trousers. As his cock
sprang free I grabbed his hips with both hands and took him in my
mouth. Josh always grabs my head when I suck him and I hate that.
Robert didn't touch me except to flick my hair out of the way and
I sucked his cock like a wild woman. A few minutes later Robert
came in my mouth and I swallowed the first surge and then opened
my mouth wide and looked up at him and smiled as the next two
jets shot into my mouth. Some of his cum splashed onto my lips
but I wiped it up with my fingers and licked them clean.

I continued sucking Roberts cock until he was nice and hard again
and then I told him that I wanted to fuck him. I stood up and
pushed him back on to the bed. Then I climbed on top of him and
straddled him. I lifted myself up high and reached back with one
hand to grab his cock and guide him into me. I was dripping wet
and had no problem getting his cock inside me. I settled down
onto his cock in one smooth move and had his entire length in one
go. Then I started slowly riding him while rubbing my clit with
one hand. It wouldn't have been more than a minute before I came
with a screaming orgasm and I do mean screaming. I have never cum
that hard before in my life. I sat on top of him and waited for
my orgasm to subside and then I rolled off him and asked him to
fuck me.

Robert reached into the drawer by the side of the bed and pulled
out a soft velvet rope. He looked at me and smiled. I have been
tied up before and I quite enjoy the feeling of helplessness so I
raised no objection as Robertgrabbed my wrists and proceeded to
tie my hands to the bed head. Robert then knelt between my legs
and lifted them high in the air. He held me by my ankles as he
stuck his cock back inside my wet cunt and proceeded to fuck me.
He felt so good but I wanted him deeper,so Ipulled him down on
top of me and wrapped my legs around his waist. Robert pulled my
legs even higher until they were nearly over his shoulders and
then he started to fuck me hard. I had another orgasm as he
fucked me but he didn't stop thrusting into me and I went into a
frenzy as he picked up his pace. I was screaming louder and
louder in pure pleasure and suddenly Robert paused for a moment
and reached down beside the bed. A moment later he shoved my
bunched up panties into my mouth to stifle my moans. I was
momentarily taken aback by being gagged. I have never had that
done to me before but as Robert went back to fucking me I stopped
worrying about it and just enjoyed the sensations going through
my body. I came again and again beforeRobert finally shot his
load of cum into me. As Robert pulled his cock out of my cunt and
rolled off me, I could feelcum seeping out of me and running
down between my bum and onto the bed.

Just as Robert collapsed onto the bed next to me the door opened
and the two men that had taken Josh back to our room walked in.I
was lying on my back with my legs spread wide in post coital
bliss and It took me a second or two to realise that they were
there. There wasn't much I could do to cover myself in the
circumstances. My hands were still tied to the bed head so I
pulled my legs together and rolled onto my side as I looked at
Robert in alarm and tried to indicate that he should tell these
two to get out. Robert didn't seem at all surprised at the
arrival of the other two men and he calmly stood up and started
pulling on his pants. He asked the men if the husband was taken
care of. One of the men said that he had given Josh enough to
knock him out for at least eight hours. That was when I realised
that my husband had been drugged and wasn't really drunk at all.

I started screaming and thrashing about on the bed but I couldn't
get my hands loose. The men were quietly laughing at my feeble
efforts to cover myself and get free. Robert went to the bedise
drawer again and pulled out some more velvet rope. I was
screaming in panic through the gag and shaking my head furiously
as the two new men each grabbed one of my legs and pulled them
wide open. They took the ropes from Robert and quickly and
efficiently tied my ankles to the posts at the bottom of the bed
as if they had done this a hundred times before. As they
tightened the ropes my legs were pulled uncomfortably wide and I
was both crying and screaming as I struggled futilely against my
restraints. I had almost succeeded inpushing mypanties out of
my mouth with my tongue when Robert shoved them back in and put
some tape over my mouth.

The other two men weren't in any hurry and they allowed me
several minutes of struggling while they looked on and laughed.
Then one of the men started taking off his clothes and moved
towards the bed. He was looking right into my eyes as he took off
his pants and his hard cock sprang free. He climbed onto the bed
while I screamed behind my gag and he calmly guided his cock into
my wet cunt. He wasn't as big as Robert and he slipped into me
easily despite my wriggling. He seemed to take pleasure out of my
distress and kept his eyes fixed on my face as he raped me. It
only took him a few minutes but to me it seemed much longer. I
could tell by the way his pace quickened and his thrusting got
harder that he was close to cumming. A few seconds later he
thrust into me quite hard and he held his cock pressed deep
inside as I felt his cum spurting into me. As he withdrew his
softening cock and climbed off of me I saw thethird man
approaching.

The third man was already undressed and as he climbed onto the
bed I saw he had the thickest cock I have ever seen. His cock
wasn't unusually long but it was thicker than my wrist and the
head was even larger. I screamed out 'No', ineffectually through
my gag as hepositioned himselfbetween my legs. He reached down
and guided the head of his cock into my entrance and started applying
pressure. My cunt was slick with the juices of the first two men
and he found my hole easily. I could feel my ring stretching like
never before as he pushed into me and I thought there was no way
I could take this monster without tearing. He kept up the
pressure and I could feel myself opening even wider but he still
wasn't inside me. It was really starting to hurt and it felt like
my first time all over again. He started rocking his hips back
and forth, each time applying a little more pressure as he tried
to open me upmore. Eventually my cunt muscles gave way and in
one sudden push he was in me all the way to the root. I screamed
as he pushed his head into me but the pain lessened slightly once
he fully penetrated me. He seemed to be enjoying my pain and was
smiling at me as if he expected me to enjoying being raped by his
giant cock. He must have been really worked up because he only
fucked me for a minute or two before I felt him unload. His cock
was so large and I was stretched so tight, I could feelhim spasm
as each surge of cum shot up his shaft. He held his cock inside
me for a minuteafter he finished and when he finally withdrew he
had softened a bit and it was much easier.

Robert came over to me and took the tape off of my mouth. Before
he pulled my panties from my mouth he warned me to be quiet or
the gag would go straight back in. As soon as I could speak I
sobbed and pleaded for him to let me go. I promised I wouldn't
tell anybody if they just let me go. Robert gave an evil little
chuckle and said he had something to show me first. He brought
his laptop computer over from his computer desk and started
playing a movie file. Robert had been recording through the
webcam since we first came into the room. I watched in horror for
a few minutes as I saw Robert and I enter his room. I watched as
I sucked him off and licked the cum from his cock while smiling
up at him. I heard myself saying that I wanted to fuck him as I
pushed him onto the bed and straddled his cock.

Robert told me that if anyone ever found out about tonight, Josh
would be the first person to get a copy of this movie. I promised
I wouldn't tell anyone and begged him again to let me go. Robert
said I wasn't going anywhere yet and as I started to protest more
loudly he pushed my panties back into my mouth. Robert said he
had a few more of his friends coming over and I would be
'entertaining' all of them. I went wide eyed in terror as he told
methat about fifteenof his friends would be coming over and
they were all going to fuck me.

Then Robert told me that Phuket was under Muslim law and if I
even thought about going to the police, they would also get a
copy of the movie, suitably edited to remove everything after
Roberts friends came in. He said no matter what I accused them
of, I would be found guilty of adultery and Muslim law was
particularly savage on women who cheated on their husbands. He
even claimed it was possible to get the death penalty. I don't
know if he was telling me the truth buthe scared me enough
thatI never even considered going to the police.

Robert said he wanted to fuck me again before the others arrived
and with that he climbed on top of me and slammed his cock
straight into me. This was nothing like the way he had made love
to me before. He was slamming in to me hard and fast and I felt
pain with every thrust as his hips smashed repeatedly into my
inner thighs. He lasted much longer this time and I took no
pleasure in it as he brutally ravaged me. Before he even came I
heard more men arriving and when Robert finally came inside me
for the second time and got off me, I saw the room was full of
men. There had to be over a dozen of them and I recognised most
of them as Roberts friends that I had danced with at the night
club. I even knew the names of a couple of them but they all
looked different to me now.

One by one they took turns fucking me while the others stood
around the room chatting and drinking as if nothing unusual was
going on. My cunt was getting very sore but most of the pain was
in my legs from being stretched wide for so long and repeatedly
bashed by hip bones of my attackers as they fucked me hard. After
about half of them had raped me I felt myself being untied. My
legs were shaking violently as I was finally able to pull them
together. I had no energy to even try and make a run for it and I
would have had no hopeof getting past them all anyway. They
pulled me to the bottom of the bed and rolled me over so my knees
went down to the floor. I was lying face down and bent over the
bed as I felt my knees being pushed apart and my rape
continued as I felt another cock being pushed into me from
behind.

The pain actually lessened a little bit as my inner thighs
weren't being slammed into any more. The man behind me had a grip
around my waist and was driving his cock into me firmly with
every thrust as my body rocked forward under the onslaught. I had
long since stopped screaming and I wasn't even crying anymore as
I just lay there in a daze and got repeatedly raped. I barely
noticed as one of the men took my panties out of my mouth and I
made no sound except for the painful grunt as I exhaled with
every thrust into my bruised cunt. The man who removed my gag
lifted my head up by the hair and stuffed his cock into my mouth.
I never even considered trying to bite him, I had lost all the
will to fight anymore. He had a firm grip on my hair and was
pulling my head up and down on his cock even while another man
was fucking me from behind. I wasn't actively sucking him, he was
just fucking my mouth as if it were a cunt, but that was
sufficient for him. A few minutes later he sprayed hot cum into
my mouth and down my throat. I swallowed to keep from choking as
my mouth was full of his cock and his cum.

When he moved away from my mouth his place was immediately taken
by someone else and my mouth was being fucked again. This man had
a much longer cock although it wasn't very thick. He pushed into
the back of my throat and I was forced to swallow as he slid his
cock deep into me. I started to gag and tried to lift my head up
but he held me down until I really started to struggle and then
with a laugh, he let me pull my head back and take a breath. It
was only a second though before he was buried deep in my
throat again. His cock must have been about ten inches long and
he was so deep down my throat that my nose was being squashed
against his stomach. I couldn't breathe with his cock in
my throat and he seemed to take pleasure in my struggles as I
fought to take a breath. Pretty soon he got into a rhythm of deep
throating me, each time staying buried deep in my throat for a
second or two before pulling out and doing it again. I started
anticipating and swallowing at just the right moment so I wasn't
being hurt as much. Then he started to quicken his pace and I
was forced to deep throat him, when he suddenly pulled almost all
the way out and held the head of his cock on my lips as he shot
load after load of cum into my mouth.

Four or five more men fucked my mouth and my jaw was starting to
ache from being forced open for so long. I barely even noticed
the men fuckingmy cuntanymore except when they changed over.
Aseach cock pulled out of me, I was left feeling momentarily
empty until the next hard cock was suddenly pushed into me and my
fucking continued. I was exhausted and wasn't even trying to
resist them when suddenly I felt the man behind me pull out of my
cunt and he started pushing his cock into my bum. I had only had
anal sex once before in my life and didn't enjoy it, but an hour
or so later that number had increased by five as man after man
fucked me up the arse. It hurt quite a lot at first but
surprisingly not as much as I remembered. Maybe it was just the
relief of not having my sore and bruised cunt being penetrated
that made it not so bad in comparison.

I really don't know how long I was raped for. Every hole was sore
and I had totally lost track of the number of times I had been
fucked. It was way more than a dozen I know that much, but I
hadn't heard or seen anyone else come in. I think each of the men
there had me two or three times and I was barely conscious
when they finally finished with me. Two of the men helped me to
my feet and I could barely stand. My legs kept threatening to
collapse under me and I was shaking uncontrollably. The men
wrapped my Sarong back around me and guided me unsteadily to the
door. They walked me outside until I had a grip on the railing
and then just left me. I stood there for a minute or two and then
carefully started to make my way back to my room where my husband
was sleeping. At first I had to hold on to the railing with every
step but eventually I got a bit of strength back in my legs and
managed to walk unsteadily on my own. I could feel cum running
down my inner thighs as I walked and my face and hair had been
sprayed with so much cum I had difficulty opening my right eye.

I only passed one person on the way back to my room. It was one
of the local staff and she barely glanced at me as she walked by.
I made it back to our room and saw Josh asleep on top of the bed. I wentquietly into our bathroom and sat down
painfully on the toilet and tried to decide what to do. In the
end I knew I couldn't say anything. Josh would never forgive me
for cheating on him and I really wasn't sure about the penalty
for adultery in this country. I got into the shower and washed
myself clean. I must have been in there for over half an hour and
washed my hair twice. When I came out I put on a clean pair of
knickers and went to pick up my Sarong that I had dropped on the
bathroom floor. The smell of cum from the Sarong was overpowering
and I knew I couldn't let Josh smell it. There was no time to
wash it so I threw it away and climbed into the bed next to my
sleeping husband.

It was only an hour or two later that we got our wake up call and
we got ready to leave the resort. Josh never found out what happened
to me that night and up until now I have never told anyone. I
have changed our names so there is nothing to identify us from this
story. One good thing to come out of this was that I never
cheated on Josh again. I guess I learned my lesson the hard way.




Hi! If you like my stories, or even if you don't, please give me
some feedback. I would love to hear from you.

alisonames@live.com
