Title: Intimate Friendship
Author: Tony Tiger <tonytigerxxx@yahoo.com>
Summary: (codes)
**********************
For over 2 years I have had an "intimate friend", a woman whom I regularly have sex with in addition to just being there for each other in other ways. We have a very secure and open relationship so there is no jealousy when we each date others. It's actually a turn-on when we get together and share details of our sexual adventures or help each other out after a sexually unsatisfying date. She just loves to fuck and I'm glad to get all I want of her hot pussy.

She has a given name but I always call her "Friend" which continually reaffirms our relationship. She is five years older than me at 29, about my size at 5'10" and 160lbs and resembles Lisa Sparxxx the porn star. She is well padded with hanging DD tits and plump enough that she qualifies as "built for comfort". She laughs when I say that and says she doesn't like speed. If  guy is too quick then he might not get another ride. Her pubes are trimmed moderately short like her brown hair. She also says if they don't like hairy pussy then they don't get hers. She appreciates that I love to take my time fucking and playing with her crotch carpet. Her tits swing and sway when she gets going, especially when on top, and she really likes guys to have fun with them. I sure do.  

We rent rooms in the upstairs of an older house with rather thin walls. When I moved in I heard fucking noises and moans and her voice saying all kinds of sexy stuff almost every night amd sometimes during the days. I work at home about half of the time doing software development and it was a bit of a distraction. I'm more than a bit of a nerd and had never been laid. The sounds were a stimulus for me to jack off to.

I had seen Friend in the house but never said more than hi. About two weeks after I moved in there was a Saturday when I heard her fucking in the morning then later in the afternoon. I was in the hall heading for the shared bathroom twice as a different guy left her room each time. As I came out of the bathroom the second time, Friend was waiting to use it and said hi to me with a big smile. A few minutes later there was a knock on my door and she was there with a bottle of wine. I invited her in and as she poured for both of us her robe opened to show lots of tit and that it was all she had on. I was tongue tied so she introduced herself and hoped she hadn't disturbed me with the noise from her place. I lied and told her that I had been listening to music. She apologised for not bidding me welcome when I first moved in and wanted to make up for it now. She had fixed dinner and would like to treat me. I couldn't refuse. After dinner Friend dropped the robe and fucked me bareback, after finding out I was a virgin, in the same rumpled bed where she had already laid two guys that day. I spent the night in her cunt and she got 3 or 4 of my loads before she sent me back to my room early because she had a morning date. A little while later I was in my bed rubbing a fucked out dick listening to the bed banging and her loud "fuck me" talk thinking about another cock filling where mine was last night. I was surprised to get hard again.

Later that day she knocked in my door and wanted to have a talk. She explained that she wasn't in love with any one guy but just loved being loved. She had a really good night with me and wanted us to be friends and regular lovers. It was real important for me to never forget that it was HER pussy and SHE would decide who fucked it. She was used to variety so didn't want to have only one guy on her stud list. Almost all of the guys she spread for were just hard dicks and she made them wear condoms. A very few special ones could leave their cum in her and I would be one of those if I didn't fuck other girls unwrapped. Feeling male cream spurt in her cunt made it feel like real sex and helped her climax. For me, feeling skin on skin and the thought of millions of tiny wigglers, some of which wouldn't be mine, trying to impregnate her was hot.   

Since I lived so very close, we have become close in lots of other ways as well. We've learned that we are a pretty good team. She is very physical and sensual, possibly because she has been fucking since an early age. I, with my sex life only in my mind until recently, am more imaginative and erotic. Together we are developing the other part of ourselves and enjoying the process a great deal. We share our fantasies and sometimes try them out together. We usually fuck every day and spend one night a week in each others' bed. We have done sensual stuff like covering each other with vegetable oil and slithering around on the bed really feeling each others parts in every way possible. She has taken me to my first nude beach. She blew me in the car when we got there but I still had a firm but not hard cock seeing all the naked bodies. I've introduced her to erotic stories and online porn where we get ideas to try out. We shower together often, frequently after her overnight dates when she comes to my bed for a "wet" fuck. She is developing new things to do with her other guys and is getting better at telling me about it. I love to be feeling her mouth, tits and cunt with all parts of my body as she describes what she has just recently done. Just a couple of weeks ago she had two married guys over on a Saturday. She fucked me in the morning and again in the afternoon just before each guy arrived and made them eat her before they could fuck her. She really got off tasting my cum on their lips and dick as they screwed. She told me about it that evening as I fucked her for a finale.

I get real hard when she tells me about all the screwing she has done. Her pussy has hosted black, hispanic, and asian dicks. She has doubledated and swapped partners. She has fucked bosses and coworkers and even a youth minister. She has tried anal, oral, and titfucking. While they are ok she thinks it's a waste of a hard dick. She figures a cunt was specially designed for cocks and that's the main place she wants to enjoy them. Once in high school she got drunk and gang fucked an unknown number of guys at a party. They didn't use condoms and she sweated her period and STDs for a while so learned her lesson. I am kind of amazed that her cunt feels so nice and snug on my cock after all the use it's had.

Friend has one guy that she started screwing in college about 10 years ago. For a while he practically lived in her pussy so they fuck real good together. He has since married but they bang about once or twice a month, sometimes overnight. He was the only other one who barebacked her before me. One time, after a "good-morning" fuck with this special guy and then sending him on his way, she phoned me without even getting out of bed to let me know that an "extra-wet pussy" was waiting. I was hoping for the call and slipped in all the way with one stroke. The slick feeling of fresh "strange" cum all over my cock got me off quickly. She knows what to say to me so I can soon get hard again, without ever leaving her pussy, and then we fucked till we both came. I tasted the double creampie as she climaxed again from my tongue. I've never watched her actually screwing another guy but that is one of her recent fantasies as part of a threesome. She will see if he is interested. In the meantime I'm going set up a video camera so I can actually watch her in action.

Although Friend is the main woman in my life I have gone to events with some others. I don't hit on them and some are puzzled. One girl about 5 years younger than me asked if I was gay. When I said no, she wanted me to prove it and took me to her bed. Good thing she had condoms because I didn't. I gave her a good fuck but never asked her out again. Her tits were much smaller than I was used to and she wasn't very good in the sack. I didn't have the time and energy to teach her. Friend made me promise to text her when I returned from an outing with another woman with a simple "Yes" or "No" about getting laid. It was almost always negative so she would come to my bed and give me a "good night" screw. I was a morning person and she wasn't. I remember one evening I got home and could hear her fucking away next door. I texted "No" and soon the noises stopped and she came in my door naked. She was very aroused and I quickly pumped a load of cream in her box which set her off too. I'm sure whoever she had been screwing could hear us and I soon heard their noises start up again as I fell asleep. We laughed about her behavior when we screwed after lunch the next day.

Until recently Friend has only let me and her long time fuckbuddy leave cum in her but now there is another depositor. She works as a part-time home health aide for an older couple where the wife is very frail. She bathes the woman and other personal stuff. One day the woman said that she used to have a body like Friends but just can't do much for her still horny husband any more. Would Friend consider helping him to feel like a man again? Since Friend is a compassionate and caring person she said she would do it once and see how it went. The husband was nervous and out of practice but got hard enough with Friend's expert encouragement to get in and get off. The couple were so appreciative that she agreed to do the old man once a week. A few days later the wife told Friend that she was a "sexy angel" and her husband was now going to the senior center to work out and was much happier to live with. He was going to get some pills from his doctor so he could make it good for his angel too. His cock is one of the bigger ones she has enjoyed and he cleans her crotch with his tongue since she doesn't have time for a shower.

I know I'm not supposed to be developing feelings for her but she is my first lover and we do more intimate stuff than most married couples. Damned few wives are sexually shared like Friend is. Our sex life together is hotter than any one I know. It is clear to me that I couldn't keep up with her sexual needs and still work! I don't know what "love" is but I must have some for her and I am truly happy to be an important part of her life. She is obviously happy that she can have all the fun with her body she wants and still have me there as an anchor.

She knows a girl at work who claims to be bi. Friend has done a bit with girls a long time ago. She wants to see me fucking in real life and trying out some other pussy. We've done some video of us together and of her doing a couple of her other guys but it's not as good as live action. This work friend is coming to dinner Saturday night. Our minds are full of the possibilities.  
