You have to read my Hard Memories part 1 to understand how I
gradually fell addicted to the abuse of this sex starved black older woman.

End of June 94, N.Y.

It has been now almost 6 weeks since I fell under Eliane's perverted sexual domination.
I did not see it coming when it all started , but I remember to fall deep in it, soo fast . 
Eliane probably felt I was a good catch and a fast learner, and pushed me hard right from the 
start. My life changed in a matter of few days, this sex starving perverted black woman turned me into her private sexual slut/slave before I realised what was really happening. 

Soon after she started my education, I felt like an alien everytime I would be walking in the busy streets of Manhattan or going to a store or a restaurant. To me, the real world was behind the closed door of Eliane's apartment 

At first, Eliane did let me out of her home during the first weekend's mornings or afternoons we spent together. But soon, she started to tie me up on her bed everytime she had to go somewhere, for one hour or 6 hours, it did not make a difference, the rule was set, she kept me tightly restrained on her bed, my ankles to the front corners of her bed, my wrists tied up together above my head to the bed frame. It was a hot and humid summer in N.Y., and each time Eliane would come back home, she would walked ino her bedroom, take her panties off from under her dress and smother my face under her big black sweaty ass,  ordering me to lick her smelly sweaty asshole and dirty pussy, she usually urinated in my mouth and rided my face for me to swallow her cum juices, until she cummed in my well trained mouth few times in a row. Only after that, she would untie my hands and ankles, unless she had to go out again. 
Eliane's method was very clear, she acted I was her property, her sex slave, this was a good way to keep me under her control and supervision while she was out. 

It is almost the end of June, early morning on a sunday, I just woke up, Eliane is still asleep. The scents of her pussy juices are sticked to my face since she rided my face for few hours during the night. I have a strong taste in my mouth and throat, a mix of her urine and cum juices. I'm thinking about Eliane and her strong sexual needs, she is a perverted nymphomaniac and in the past six weeks she made me her sex slave, her private slut, her belonging. My life seems not to be mine anymore, I became addicted to her strong body smells and the tastes of her body waste, solid and fluid, invading my mouth and throat every night I spend with her, she trained me hard and it seems like I'm always ready for more.  

Eliane just woke up and I know what's coming next. I see her big black ass coming down on my face. Like a well trained sex-slave I start licking her wet pussy as soon as her hairy bush touches my lips. My face is quickly burried under her big ass, my nose is in her ass crack and I can only breathe through the smell of her sweaty ass while my mouth is sealed by her pussy.

`' Hmmmm, you'r such a good slut, hmmmm, oohhh yes, lick my dirty pussy , hmmm, be ready for my pee, it'scoming now, ohhyes baby, drink it, drink it all, that's it baby, show your black queen how much you love to drink her morning pee, ooohhhh yes, you'r such a good slut, hmmm''

Here I'm again, accomplishing my morning duties like a well trained sex slave, worshipping my black Queen's pussy with passion and lust. Eliane makes me drink all her urine to the last drop, and like every morning I keep licking and slurping at her smelly hairy pussy, waiting for her cum juices to cover my tongue after she finished to pee in my mouth.

`' oohh, yes, keep sucking my wet pussy, hmm just like you've been trained to do it, hmmmmyes, be a good slave for your mistress, yessss, hmmmm, oohhhhh, I'm cummmming, eat my pussy you little white slut !! `'

Eliane rubs her dripping wet pussy and her cum juices all over my face, before she turns around to grab my hard cock in her hand. She holds it steady while she places the entrance of her dripping wet pussy against the tip of my cock, then in one move she pushes down her hips and I feel my cock sliding in her warm juicy pussy. Eliane starts to ride my cock in a slow paste, she leans forward and crashes her big heavy breast on my torso, her mouth is right above mine and we start to kiss while I feel the motion of her dripping wet pussy, sliding up and down my hard cock. We start to kiss. My hands are on her big ass globes andI can feel the movement of her big ass going up and down.

`' Your face smells like my pussy, hmmmm, I love that, ooohhh yes, you are a good boy, I can taste my pee in your mouth, hmmmmm, sooo good to kiss my slut after I pee in his mouth, hmmmmmm, do you feel my wet pussy, hmmmmm, your cock belongs to me , you know hmmmmthat , right baby ? I'm your black Queen and oooohhh yes baby, hmmmmm I'm gonna cumm sooo good, yes this is soooohmmmm, yes baby, you belong to me, hear me boy ? `'

Eliane is having another orgasm on my cock while talking to me, I feel her pussy getting tight on my cock, her tongue is all the way in my mouth, she smashing down the weight of her body on mine with all her strenght. All her body is now shaking like she's having an internal eartquake. Eliane breathes heavily. I'm trying not to come, my cock is deep inside and so hard in her pulsing pussy, I feel her cum juices dripping all over it. The trembling of her flesh starts to slow down gradually. She starts to kiss me again, and she slowly starts to move her hips up and down again, making her dripping wet pulsing pussy sliding up and down my hard cock.
I know Eliane needs to fuck my cock for a long time this morning, she only had a couple of orgasms in my mouth and she is gonna need a lot more before she calms down.

`' See my boy how well I trained you, hmmmmmm, you learned your lessons, hmmmmmmbaby, you are my sex slave and you can't cum hmmmm until I say so, oohhhmmmm, for real baby you are my slave, hmmmyes, you belong right here hmmmmm with your face hmmm burried in my ass, oooh shit baby, you'r soo good to me, hmmm my pussy's sooo wet `'

Eliane moans are sounding sooo sexy to me, she keeps riding my cock, I'm ready to explose in her pulsing cunt but I manage to hold myself during another hour, while Eliane cums on my cock again, and again, and again, I'm getting exhausted under her body now covered with swet, it seems like she will never stop her sexual rampage on me. She then turns around and smothers my face under her heavy ass globes, she makes me lick her sweaty asscrack and pussy again, she cums in my mouth few times. She finally gets off me. Almost 3 hours went by since she woke up and started to use my mouth  and cock to satisfy her morning sexual needs. Eliane turns back to sit  on my cock, facing me. She smiles and tells me :

`' I need to speak with you about something I've been thinking about for a while''
`' yes ? `' 
`'  you know how long you've been mine ? `'
`' we met like six weeks ago or something `' 
`'That's right baby, you've been sucking my pussy for almost two months, maybe 3 nights a week or so..... I trained you to be my oral slut , my ass licking slave and my god you are sooo good at it, hmmmmm '' 

As she speaks, I feel Eliane's big ass moving in a very slow motion, up and down, it pushes my cock deep inside her pussy, I' dont think I'll be able to hold my cum any longer. I hear myself saying :

`' please Eliane, don't move, your pussy feels sooo good on my cock , you gonna make me cum''
`' I told you, don't cum before I say you can cum ! `'

She starts to kiss me slowly, speaking softly to me. My cock is hard as a rock inside her so wet pussy. I feel I'm totally loosing control 

`' Please Eliane, please let me cum !''
`' hmmmm, no cumming yet, hear me boy ? I need to talk to you and you better listen to me. I told you I `ve been thinking a lot about what is the right thing for you to do''
`'what do you mean, the right thing ?''
`' I told you , you belong to me now, I made you my slave for real, this is not a game. I want you to move in with me ! I want you to call all your friends in new york and tell them you'r going back to France, I want you to say goodbye to all of them, today ! Starting tonight you'll be living right here with me, do you hear me boy, i'm gonna lock you in my apartment , I want you to be  my full time sex slave ! `'

Eliane is speaking to me with a very strong tone , I know she means every word she says, I feeel my heartbeat going faster.

`'Are you sure it's agood idea that I..''
`' Shut up boy, I did not ask you what you think, I'm just telling you what I want and you better do exactly as I say!  I want you to go back to your place before lunch time , you gonna pack your bags and come home to your Black Queen , is that understood ! No more `I see you on Friday ` or ` I see you in two days' !! , from now on you gonna swallow my shit every morning for the next few months !

As she's giving me her orders , Elianes slaps my face twice, hard. It's the first time she hits my face this way. She then presses one hand down across my mouth and pinches my nose with the other hand, so no air is coming to my lungs.  

`' See my litle slut , if you want me to let go, let me know you surrender to me , let me know that from now on you are mine forever,  you are my white slave, you belong to me. Move your head down to say yes ! `'

My lungs are burning, my thoughts are confused, I know Eliane is for real, she knew I had to go back to France for the summer, I told her about my plans a couple of weeks ago, she knows I had already told my landlord that June was my last month and no one will worry if I disappear from N.Y. since I'm suppose to go back to France in a week . I'm running out of air, I'm already starting to pass out, I shake my head down. Eliane's hands move away from my face and air is rushing to my lungs. 
Her right hand slaps my face again, one , two , three , four blows hit my face real hard.
She then leans forward and speaks softly to my ear.

`' that was just a small taste of what's coming to you baby if  you don't behave exactly as I want  `' 
`'Yes Eliane , I promess to behave just like you want me to `'
`' I know you will, I'll make sure of that ! `'

My cock gets hard  in few seconds and Eliane's pussy  is already on it. 

`' Now you can cum baby, obey your Mistress, cum in my pussy , hmmmmyes,
that's it baby, cum in your Mistress pussy, hmmmmm your cock is so hard, I luv it ! `' 
Less than a minute later , I `m havin such a strong orgasm in Eliane's pussy 

`'Oooohh Eliane you'r sooo good to me, thank you for letting me cum in your pussy ''
`'If you behave like a good slave , I'll let you cum in my pussy everyday. Now get dressed and go pack your bags. I want you back here in two hours ! I have plans for you ! 

This is how I moved in Eliane's place by the end of June, as her permanent sex slave. 
I was so intoxicated and addicted to her body smells and tastes that it did not even cross my mind to argue with her decision. 

Then she had to find a way to keep me under control when she had to go away on business trips or on a family vacation, usually for few days or sometimes just a day. This is why she << lended >> me to her older black girlfriend Claire. 

It all started when Eliane had to go out of town for a week. I ended up face sitted by her older black << sista >> every single night . Claire was a bit taller than Eliane, in her sixties, she had short curly gray hair, she was not as round and curvy as Eliane but she did have very wide hips and a very large ass, her flesh was quite wrinkled, she had a very hairy body with a strong body odor. During the day she was working few blocks away, as Eliane instructed her to do so, she left me tied up on the bed, or in the bathroom floor,  with tape over my mouth so the women did not have to worry about me trying to call for help. During her lunch break Claire walked back to the apartment to sit on my face for one hour. I drunk her urine and swallowed her cum juices everyday between 12.15pm and 1.15pm. Claire made sure not to wipe her ass or pusssy every time she had to use the toilet during her working hours, so she could smother my face under her dirty ass crack and her urine impregnated hairy bush every early evening, before dinner.
It was a humid hot summer in N.Y. and thick swet was always covering her skin all over. While she was riding my cock, she enjoyed holding my face under her humid and smelly arm pits, ordering me to inhale her strong scents before I had to lick the swet off of it.  It made her cumm real strong to be real dirty with me. Her bush was very large, made of thick and curly black hair. It kept the mixed scents of her urine and pussy juices in her thick hair, and Claire made sure to whipe her thick wet bush all over my face everytime she smothered me under her big fat ass. I had to clean her dirty feet with my tongue every time she came in the apartment after a day at work , it made her real horny everytime she made me do it and she had to ride my cock right after each of this dirty feet cleaning sessions . While she fucked my cock she always had me lay down on my back, on the carpeted floor or on the bed, when I was not tied up she wanted my hands on her ass cheeks so I could feel the motion of her big butt and large hips sliding up and down my hard cock. 
The very first night I'm under her care, she ties up my hands on the bed frame before to ride my cock. She starts to slap my face while fucking my cock, then squeezes my nose between her fingers and covers my mouth with her other hand, just like Eliane di dit to me.
She tells me she is in control of my breathing and that she has the power of suffocating me, even so I'm used to be smothered real hard under Eliane's big ass, I start to panic when I feel my lungs burning, Claire keeps riding me and it becomes a powerful erotic game to feel her dripping wet  pussy going up and down my hard cock while she is suffocating me. Just when I start to see lights in my eyes, she takes her hand off my mouth, but keeps my nose sealed . I open  my mouth and I feel the oxygen entering my lungs, Claire tells me to keep my mouth wide open and I see her face coming down on mine. With out warning she spits in my mouth, 3 or 4 times in a row, some thick -gunk - lands on my tongue but also on my face, she tells me to swallow it fast and slaps my face again. My cock is still hard deep inside in her pulsing pussy, she stops her body motion before she starts to spit in my mouth again. Before I finish to swallow her load of saliva, she covers my mouth with her hand and I feel her wet pussy going up and down my hard cock again, in a regular slow motion. She tells me I better learn how to become a really good white slave for superior black women such as herself and Eliane, or she will smother me to death under her big ass. My lungs are burning and I think I'm gonna pass out. I can't believe she is still riding my cock and enjoying herself while I think i'm gonna die. I start to pass out and far away I hear the moans of Claire, she cummms on my cock real strong while I pass out, suffocated by her hands on my nose and mouth.

During this summer of 1994, I was kept many times under Claire's supervision, who stayed in Eliane's home to teach me to become a better sex slave by severely whipping my ass before smothering my face under her big smelly black ass. Eliane knew Claire enjoyed not only smothering me under her dirty body but also inflicting me long lasting painful whipping sessions, she told me I would learn something new from it, I would become a better slut.
Indeed, through Claire's special care, I did learn how to accept more abuse, and became Eliane's even more perfect sexual slut /slave after few weeks of almost daily training, inflicted by either one of those two older black << superior >> women, or by both of them together.

