



  =====================================================================
       T H E   H O M E R   V A R G A S   S T O R Y   A R C H I V E
  All stories in this archive are the property of the author.  They may
  be downloaded and read by private citizens.   They are not to be used
  by commercial web sites.    Persons using this material on commercial
  sites will be vigorously pursued by the hounds from hell, or my legal
  team, whichever is deemed necessary.  (These stories were written for
  adult entertainment and should not be accessed by children.)
  =====================================================================












			  Scroll down to view text











Archive name: wopi6.txt (MC, Mf)
Authors name: Homer Vargas (Vargas111@yahoo.com)
Story title : The WOPI Chronicle - Part 6/?

------------------------------------------------------
This work is copyrighted to Homer Vargas (c) 2001.
Please do not remove the author information or make
any changes to this story. You may post freely to non-
commercial "free" sites, or in the "free" area of
commercial sites. Thank you for your consideration.
------------------------------------------------------


The WOPI Chronicles (MC, Mf)
by Homer Vargas
Comments Please to Vargas111@yahoo.com 

Chapter 6
David and Claire

David smiled when he heard the click of the door's 
security system. Ten o'clock; even earlier than usual. 
What a wonderfully horny woman Alexandra had turned out 
to be. In fact the more they made love, the more she 
seemed to like it, to need it. He had given Alexandra a 
long slow workout that morning that left her panting for 
more and reluctant to leave. That usually meant she would 
be back around noon for a quickie. He smiled. By this 
time of day Alexandra would be ravenous for his prick. He 
liked it when Alexandra came to him in great need; it 
heightened the irony. To the women of WOPI, he was 
Alexandra's personal prisoner and they thought that 
behind these closed doors their leader was slowly 
subverting his will, conditioning him to be a helpless 
slave of WOPI. It hadn't worked out that way. He had been 
able to make her his slave because she wanted and needed 
to be fucked. She hadn't had him in her for hours. She 
would be more than eager.

David got a shock, therefore, when he opened the door! A 
woman younger than Alexandra, blond and just as well 
built came in. She wore the standard WOPI garb, the 
deeply V-neck and excruciatingly short white smock that 
never failed to stiffen his prick, whoever wore it. She 
saw his surprise and smiled.

"Good morning, Captain Knight. I thought it was time we 
got to know each other. I'm Dr. Hillary, Claire Hillary, 
the chief psychologist here at WOPI. I supervise the 
women who condition the men we "invite" to headquarters. 
I normally spend a night with our guest after he has been 
here a week or so to check how well our girls are doing 
at keeping him happy."

"I suppose that is unnecessary with me. Alexandra seems 
to have taken charge of me personally," he replied 
nervously.

"So it seems." Her smile was a little cold. 
"Nevertheless, I've been wanting to spend some sack time 
with you for quite a while to see how good a job 
Alexandra is doing." She paused, then continued. "Of 
course, I have heard you have an especially nice dork 
that penetrates a woman most satisfyingly. I love to have 
a properly conditioned man fall into bed with me and fill 
my pussy to send me off my nut. Unfortunately, Alexandra 
has been rather selfish with you and made you 
'unavailable' for my examination. It's quite a 
distinction."

"Perhaps Alexandra thought I was particularly difficult 
to control," he suggested.

"Or perhaps there was some 'other' reason," the blonde 
replied archly.

"I wouldn't know; I have nothing to do with the 
decision," David replied nervously, both because Claire 
seemed to know Alexandra's and his secret relationship 
and at the realization of the attraction he felt for her.

"No? Some of us who listen to Alexandra in hear at night, 
yelping with ecstasy, think you and that long thick 
woman-pleaser between your legs have everything to do 
with it," she smirked. "When our leader comes out after a 
session with you, we see Alexandra with the glassy eyes 
and silly vacant grin of a woman who has been 'screwed 
nude, and unglued.'"

"That we have sex is hardly a surprise, is it?" David 
fended.

"We think it's more than that. We believe that after the 
boss felt you inside her that first night in bed, she 
'took a liking to you.' And we know what part she likes! 
If she isn't careful, a large and satisfying enough cock 
can sometimes make even a normally intelligent and 
aggressive woman stop thinking about anything except the 
next time she's going to get her pussy reamed. We suspect 
once your long thick tool penetrated our unsuspecting 
leader's hot little box, she forgot about WOPI and NASO. 
She became just another silly female who needs to get her 
cunt stuffed so bad she'll let a man's prick do her 
thinking for her. And you've been keeping the boss so 
well supplied with the sex she craves, she hasn't been 
able to or hasn't even wanted to put you under proper 
control."

"I don't know what you mean. It's true she enjoys making 
love frequently."

"*That* we know, Captain! Frequently?" Claire huffed. 
"Alexandra can't seem to get enough of you. When our 
newly over-sexed chief executive comes to visit you at 
night, she is already horny. Her cunt has been juicing up 
for hours in anticipation of getting a good reaming from 
your long stiff woman-pleaser. To everyone else, 
Alexandra is a cold, hard taskmistress. For you, she's a 
playmate. She only wants to please you so you will keep 
putting it to her. She dresses up in baby-doll nighties, 
and pulls them up, begging you to fondle her pussy. She 
rolls over in bed and spreads her legs, whimpering to get 
her cunt crammed full of your long thick dick. We have 
seen how she throws her legs in the air so your prick 
rubs her clit better as you shaft her deeply or lifts her 
ass so you will take her from behind. You've discovered 
our boss will do anything for the man whose meat is 
keeping her cunt filled to satisfaction."

"So? She enjoys sex. You said you do, too," David 
replied.

"Yes, but I love power more. I enjoy as man only when he 
is completely my slave. With Alexandra it's different. 
She knows what she's going to get from you every night 
and you don't disappoint her. I've had monitors placed in 
this room and I watch how you meet her at the door. I see 
the crazy eagerness in her eyes when you take her in your 
arms and melt her with a kiss before she can think of 
anything else. You know her tits are the randy cow's 
weakness so immediately you reach inside her shift and 
begin working her gazookas. How the slut loves letting 
your hands on her boobs turn on that flow of hormones 
that will eventually overpower any woman with desire. You 
know that playing with the breasts of a woman like 
Alexandra puts her brain on standby and ignites the itch 
in her pussy."

"Does she know you have been spying on her?" David 
demanded.

"What sort of fool do you think I am?" she sniffed and 
continued, pacing up and down and she lectured him, 
enjoying her moment of triumph. "I see that soon you've 
got her boobs hard as rocks, her nipples erect from 
arousal. Then your hand goes up under her smock to knead 
her ass. You've told her to wear them short and to go 
without panties to give you easier access to her box and 
she gladly complies. She loves the way you play with her 
sex. A finger goes into her weeping cunt and you begin to 
diddle our leader thoroughly. A couple of orgasms later 
and our feminist leader is spreading her legs and moaning 
for a MAN's prick."

The total disdain in Claire's' voice was chilling. She 
was glaring at him now like prosecutor at the defendant 
during the summation of a trial. "When you've worked 
Alexandra into an insane rut, you lay her down in bed, 
push open up her legs, and slowly insert your long, thick 
cock deep into that ravenous pussy. As she feels your 
prick slide into her, inch by long thick inch, deeper 
into her burning cunt, she looses it. Slowly, 
rhythmically you move your cock in and out, always 
touching her clitoris, filling and pleasuring her. You 
can make her wraith and bray with lust as one orgasm 
after another rolls over her, deadening her brain. You 
keep the silly woman coming until she is physically and 
psychologically ravaged."

David could see that Claire's anger was directed almost 
as much at Alexandra as at him. Shaking her finger at 
him, she continued to vent. "She comes one last time when 
you finally unload a big charge of hot man-fuck into her 
pussy. The thick hot jism hits her like a narcotic. We 
have watched the idiotic, satisfied smile spread over her 
face. She purrs with contentment as she feels your dick 
continue to pump her pussy full of semen. Gradually, her 
eyes glaze over and flutter closed; her body goes limp, 
overpowered by ecstasy. You've put our leader to sleep 
with an orgasm. She doesn't know anything until morning 
although you rouse her to semi-consciousness several more 
times that night to put it in her and make her cum. And 
of course she won't leave in the morning until she's 
opened her legs and had you roger her again."

"And why should you care how Alexandra spend her nights?"

"It's my JOB to care! Her weakness can ruin everything, 
more that even she realized. And it's not only at night 
you have her wanting it. Since you've been getting into 
her, she thinks she can't live through a day without your 
cock going into her at least once. We know she slips in 
here about this time in the morning, when she thinks no 
one is looking, for a quickie. If she can, she insists 
you give her a full down-on-her-back, legs-in-the-air 
reaming. If there is no time for that, she drops her 
drawers, gets down on all fours, and has you bang her 
from the rear for a few minutes until she's breathless 
from multiple orgasms. So you see why I am eager to spend 
some time with you."

"You mean you want to see for yourself what your boss has 
been enjoying." David grinned slyly.

"No, I mean to put a stop to it," she retorted sharply.

"What's wrong? We both enjoy ourselves."

"Two things, Captain Knight. First, the boss is 
"enjoying" letting you keep her itchy cunt stimulated so 
much, she has allowed you to remain free of WOPI control. 
Worse, although she doesn't know it, we know you to pump 
her for information. At night between orgasms we've seen 
what you do. You leave your still stiff cock in her cunt 
and fondle her breasts while you ply her with questions. 
She answers you like a happy zombie. You are using your 
prick to make our leader into a NATO mole."

"So I'm curious about how you operate," he replied. "I 
have no way of getting information out of here.

"You]d like us to think that. Unfortunately for you, one 
of our "guests" is a real techie who helped us get into 
and monitor Alexandra's Internet traffic. Since then, 
he's been giving us everything. They must be getting 
worried since their clever Captain Knight's e-mails 
stopped arriving," she smirked, seeing David's shock. 
"It'll be fun to see what they do next. But for starters, 
I'm just going to make sure you never fuck Alexandra 
again."

"And what does Alexandra think about that?"

"She wouldn't like it -- if she could think," Claire 
smiled smugly "But I have made sure she 'can't' think, 
right now and for a long time. Alexandra is fully 
occupied this afternoon with the pastime you introduced 
her to -- having her pussy filled."

"I don't believe you. She doesn't screw anyone but me.

"Normally she wouldn't. But to make sure she was in the 
right mood, I slipped a few drops of testosterone in her 
morning coffee."

"Why? Do you want to keep her safe from me by 
masculinizing her, make her grow facial hair?"

"Not at all, my friend. In small doses testosterone does 
exactly the opposite. It makes a woman more feminine in 
the most primitive way. Female athletes who let their 
coaches give them 'big T' to 'improve their performance' 
found out the hard way it made then perform better, all 
right ... on their backs, to their coach's total 
satisfaction. They craved orgasms so bad, even the 
straight women started going down for other women. Back 
at the women's athletic dorms it was one long orgy with 
the girls spending all night with their heads between 
each other's legs getting each other off."

"I don't believe you!" David replied.

"In that case, you might find this video I had made very 
interesting. It shows the visit of one of my favorite toy 
boy to Alexandra an hour or so ago."

*****

"You see, she never had a chance," Claire smirked. "As we 
speak Alexandra is on an airplane with a testosterone 
patch implanted to keep her horny as a skunk. Charlie is 
at her bedside to put his prick in her every few hours t 
keep the rutting woman in a dazed, happy stupor. By 
tomorrow Alexandra and Charlie will be at a secluded 
island resort. If all goes as planned," Claire explained, 
"Alexandra will never return to WOPI."

"What? Do you mean ... foul play?" His reaction surprised 
David himself. Though sick from watching Charlie seduce 
his Alexandra, the thought of them actually harming her 
was a horror.

"How sweet!" Claire chuckled, "If I didn't know better, 
I'd say you're sweet on our EX leader. No, there will be 
no foul play, just a very dirty trick. You see, a few 
weeks ago I switched Alexandra's contraceptives for 
placebos. The poor horny dear doesn't know it, but 
sometime in the next few days, she'll become fertile. And 
my Charlie and the other boys out there will be shooting 
live ammunition."

David stared at her aghast.

"That's right! As a result of this crazy little affair 
with her new young boyfriend, in a few weeks Alexandra is 
going to find herself pregnant! Just think of the juicy 
scandal! The powerful head of WOPI is seduced by a hunk 
twenty years her junior. Completely sex crazed, the 
famous feminist runs away with her stud boy. And during a 
non-stop sex spree the suddenly promiscuous Miss Milan 
promptly lets herself get knocked up like the silliest 
teenager who can't keep her pants up! Worse, she won't 
even know who the baby's father is."

"You ARE and evil bitch," David spat.

"I try," Claire replied with sarcasm. "Imagine Alexandra 
trying to run this place, waddling around in maternity 
dresses with her tits swelling up like balloons and her 
tight tummy sticking out, especially if she still had the 
hots for Charlie and has to take time out every few hours 
to get mommy-to-be's pussy re-charged. No, Alexandra will 
be finished as the head of WOPI. I'll take over."

David stared at her in shock.

"So your girlfriend won't be back, boo hoo hoo," Claire 
smirked. "That will solve WOPI's problem and give me 
plenty of time to solve your problem, too."

"My problem?" David asked apprehensively.

"Why yes, David," she smiled arrogantly, "a serious 
problem. By sexually dominating Alexandra, you have been 
missing out on the true pleasure of sexual conditioning. 
Alexandra was supposed to show you just how marvelous it 
is to have a big sexy woman take the sexual initiative 
while you surrender totally in passive pleasure. You 
don't know yet the incomparable bliss of being totally 
enslaved by the sexual power of a woman who knows how to 
totally despoil a man's libido. Your prick has had 
Alexandra too much in rut for her to be able to put you 
under that delicious spell, to enfold you into that 
exquisite bondage that men come to crave."

The cheep rhetoric did little to reassure David that it 
might not be true.

"Fortunately, you need wait no longer. With Alexandra 
otherwise occupied," she chuckled ominously, "I am taking 
over your conditioning. You and I will make love right 
now and I'll start making up for what you've been 
missing."

"I don't think I've missed anything." he responded, 
defensively. "Not with Alexandra!"

"Such touching loyalty!" she sniffed. "That's because you 
haven't spent a night in MY arms yet, David! As a 
psychologist, I know how to make you experience total 
satiation. You will be overpowered by a sexual attraction 
is so strong it makes you helpless. You may try to resist 
me at first, but you will eventually succumb to my plump 
sexiness. You can't help yourself; it's a kind of mental 
rape. I use desire to violate first your mind, then your 
body, and finally your will."

David shivered, but listened with growing dread.

"It starts out the same as being seduced, David. I'm sure 
a highly sexed man like you has fallen many times into 
the clutches of a determined woman even before Carmen and 
Alexandra. When a woman wants to make you fuck, you look 
like the kind of man that always yields in the end. You 
will yield to me, too, but this time the pleasure will be 
so much greater, and the effect permanent."

"What makes you so sure. I've always come out on top 
before."

"Very funny! This time you loose, because I'm not just 
some little girl who is hot for your pecker. I want more 
than to get you excited enough to make you stick it in me 
when you weren't at first intending to. I hardly care 
about the sex. I'm out to totally dominate you."

"And how do you propose to do that?"

"Let me show you," she replied. :"Shall I open my blouse 
for you so you can stare at my big feelable, suckable 
tits? I'll drop my skirt. Seeing me just in panties 
inflames your desire. My body is arousing you, but I do 
not want to excite you, Captain Knight. I want to use 
overpowering lust as a drug to tranquilize you. The 
craving for my body is starting to make you weak and 
docile, unable to resist my will. I am using sex to 
pacify you, to take away your will and ability to fight 
me."

David fought to ignore her words but they poured over him 
like a river at flood.

"Look at me, David," she said, softer now, stating to 
inch slowly closer. "Look at my big round tits. See them 
bouncing, bouncing up and down. You can't take your eyes 
off of me, can you?. Stare at me, David. Gape. Gaze at my 
wide hips swaying back and forth. They are putting you 
into a trance, David, making you feel warm and helpless, 
aren't they? You feel lazy and languid. You'd love to 
have sex with me, but you are enervated. You only want to 
lie in my arms. You are so weak, David," she whispered. 
"My sex has taken away all your strength. You have to let 
me do everything for you now." she said sitting down by 
him and putting her hand in his pants.

It felt wonderful. "Claire!" he moaned.

"Don't speak, darling. I know how badly you want me. 
That's all right... Do nothing. Rest. I'll unzip you and 
play with you prick until its hard enough. I'm going to 
get you ready to fuck like a lascivious aunt fondling her 
innocent teenage nephew." She smiled to see his eyes 
glaze as the erotic daydream she suggested took him. "You 
are a good little boy that knows his auntie is naughty. 
She wants to make you do bad things. You don't want to be 
bad, but auntie knows how to touch your penis and make it 
feel good. So you let auntie continue." she said cradling 
his head to her bosom. "Auntie is going to make her 
little boy do anything she says. That's a good boy, 
Captain. Rest your head against my bosom. You need to 
rest," she said stroking his face gently.

Unconsciously, David's eyes closed and his mouth opened

"Take my breast," she cooed, placing the erect nipple of 
a hard round booby to my lips. "You want to nurse me. 
Suck my tits like a baby. My breasts will soothe and 
quiet you. You will soon forget, forget everything. I 
rubbed my pretty boobies with a mild tranquilizer. 
Sucking my boobies will lightly sedate you. The drug 
makes you feel very good, Davie, very happy, very 
peaceful. You are content to lie in my arms and let me 
soothe you, stroke your penis, and arose you. It feels 
very nice. You are getting very sleepy, Davie, drifting 
slowly, like a feather, down, down into my power, deeper, 
deeper." She smiled as his eyes closed and he began to 
nurse.

"You are feeling very weak, Davie baby, too weak to 
control Alexandra any longer; you do not even want her. 
She's like all the other women that used to please you; 
they demanded too much exertion. You are no longer 
capable of that, my little darling. From now on you will 
need a woman like me, strong enough to satisfy you 
without your effort. After I we fuck, you will be unable 
to have sex with any woman who does not dominate you. 
I'll make you crave sex and you'll be dependent on me to 
satisfy you. Your need will make you my slave. But you 
will accept your enslavement gladly because I will keep 
you drained. You'll be sated and happy until its time to 
leave WOPI."

Her words were now just a pleasant buzz in his ear, like 
the soft flap, flap, flap of a ceiling fan on a hot 
afternoon siesta far away.

"And now the time has come to yield completely to me 
Davie. Surrender fully to me as I gently put you to 
sleep." His pants were down and she laid him back on the 
soft couch. "Lie down and relax, now." she whispered as 
he sank back on the bed. "It will soon be over. I will 
make this feel so ... good, Davie," she whispered now, as 
she took his throbbing penis and slid it up into her warm 
moist cunt. "I'm on top of you Davie, dominating you the 
way you like it. I've got your penis up in me, it can't 
escape; it doesn't want to escape. You love the feel of 
my weight, pinning you helpless on your back. You can 
feel my power over you and accept it. I'm fucking you, 
Davie, my pet. As I ride up and down on your cock, moving 
it in and out of my pussy, you are slipping deeper under 
my control. I will fuck you until you can no longer 
think. Only feel... feel so sleepy... feel so good to get 
fucked... to sleep. Fucked... to sleep. Fucked..." The 
last thing he remembered was his come spurting up into 
Claire's pussy. Then blackness.

-- o --

Davie awoke in the arms of the most wonderful, the 
sexiest woman in the world, the only woman he could ever 
want. He didn't remember much about last night, only 
making love to Claire. Or rather Claire making love to 
him, sending him to transports of ecstasy he never 
dreamed of. "Good morning, Claire," he said softly, happy 
just to be with his goddess.

"Good morning, Davie. I was a very bad girl last night, I 
hope you don't mind.

"You don't look bad to me," he replied reaching up to 
stroke one of her lovely breasts.

"That's exactly the way I was bad. I stole you away from 
your girlfriend."

Davie thought of Alexandra and knew whom she Claire 
meant. He remembered in an abstract way that until 
yesterday Alexandra and he used to have sex, passionate 
sex. He had begun to suspect that they were falling in 
love. And there was more - Alexandra used to tell him 
things, important things. But that seemed irrelevant ages 
ago. Alexandra meant nothing to him now. Claire was 
everything!

"You succeeded. What are you going to do with the stolen 
property," he asked, starting to nibble Claire's 
hardening nipple.

"Don't trouble your little head about that, my pet. I 
have plans," the smiling blonde replied. "I have plans."

To be continued.

Comments please to Homer Vargas
I would enjoy exchanging ideas about future directions 
for this story.

vargas111@yahoo.com


