Title: Island Sex - The Couple
Author: Tony Tiger <tonytigerxxx@yahoo.com>
Summary: The lusty tale of a South Sea island girl's life and loves continues after her marriage. New members join the householdlove group. Part 3 of 3 (so far!) (FM+, sharing, group)
Note: Reading the first two parts of this tale will greatly help understanding this chapter.
****************************************
Robert's intuition was right on. Moira's pregnancy inflamed her already substantial sex drive. He and her two island sex-buddies had their prostates constantly emptied. If it weren't for their bedroom help it would be difficult for him to meet his work and school obligations in addition to his wife's needs. The men roomed together on campus and she would go there between classes, sometimes more than once a day, and fuck them both until they were limp. Robert filled her craving pussy morning and night and was often awakened from sleep for more. The young men had a standing invitation (more like an order actually) from Moira to visit the couple's flat on weekends. Since all of them had participated in group sex together, there was no concern if Moira was in the middle of sex when the new arrival entered the bedroom. They could watch until it was their turn or join in pleasuring the horny pregnant wife. Robert often found it rejuvenating to see another hard cock pumping into the cum he had just deposited in her pussy. When the fresh load of semen was added to Moira's cunt he was quite ready to stir it with his love stick. Moira climaxed often with all this male affection and attention.

Shortly after the wedding, Robert had taken Moira to his parents home in England. They were very gracious to the new member of the family but the hospitality was, of course, nothing like what Robert had been offered when he visited Moira's family. Moira met Jeffrey, Robert's younger brother who would be starting university soon at the same school the couple attended. Jeffrey was fascinated by Moira as he had limited intercultural experience and constantly plied her with questions. She enjoyed his attentions and, with her island informality, was a lot more "touchy" than Jeffrey was used to. Robert smiled at his brother's reactions, remebering how much she had broadened his horizons. Her whole female presence, especially considering her nearly constant state of arousal, had a distinct subliminal effect on the young man who was, like his older brother, sexually inexperienced. Moira's pregnancy-driven sex drive was beginning to ramp up and Robert had fleeting thoughts of asking his brother to help out. When he mentioned it to Moira, she was enthusiastically in favor but opportunities did not occur during their visit.

After they had been back a month, they received word that university housing was overbooked and Jeffrey would not have a place for some indeterminate time. Robert immediately offered the couch in their one bedroom flat to his brother which was gratefully accepted. Robert then suggested that Jeffrey come right away to get acclimated to the environment before classes began. It was decided that he would arrive the next week. As the couple lay in post-coital rest, Robert said, "Our new housemate will necessitate some changes here. I suppose you will have to visit your 'island boys' at their place on weekends as well until Jeffrey gets his own place." Moira looked thoughtful, "Wouldn't 'island hospitality' make things easier? I've had some experience seducing English boys, you know. If you are ok with it, I could have him in our bed within a week even though I strongly suspect he is a virgin." Robert's cock twitched in her pussy as he said, "If you were English I would call you 'wicked', but you aren't so I'll call you 'wonderful'! Of course that is the best solution for all of us. I certainly know the value of learning about sex from an experienced woman and could wish no less for my own brother. Go for it!"

Jeffrey arrived on schedule and was settled in to the couch, actually a fold-out bed, in the front room. For the next two days, Moira was constantly in his presence, wearing less and less as time went on, and sitting closer and closer as they got acquainted better. The frequent sex sounds from the bedroom whose door was never quite closed further tormented the young lad. On the third morning, Robert announced that he would be gone all day. Moira brought Jeffrey some coffee as he sat on the couch. She was wearing a short, almost see thru gown and obviously only that. Turning to face him, and noticing his gaze fixed on her hard-nippled breasts, she asked him directly, "Are you a virgin?" "YYYYYess", he replied. "Have you ever seen a naked woman?" "Only on videos" "Then this is your lucky day", Moira said as she stood up, removed her gown and turned slowly around in front of his eager gaze. She said, "Now it's my turn to see a naked man..." Robert stood and she helped his nearly paralyzed fingers remove his clothing. Instead of a tent in his shorts there was a large wet spot. "I guess you like the show!", she laughed and stroked his wilted member with her hand. "Sit down," she said, joining him on the couch. Looking him directly in the eyes she continued, "I taught your brother how to properly make love to a woman and I have his agreement to teach you. That is, if you want to?" Recovering his ability to speak, and his erection, Jeffrey said, "Who wouldn't want that?"

Until midafternoon, Jeffry received hands-on instruction about a woman's erogenous zones and how to please them with hands and lips. The day's lesson concluded with oral sex, Jeffrey's first time to receive and give. On the pretext of shopping, Moira left the worn out young man on the bed-couch and went to her sex-buddys' room to get the hard cocked release she craved. That night the bedroom door was left open and a bedside lamp left on. Moira invited Jeffrey to the bedside and held his stiff rod as Robert filled her sopping cunt. Jeffrey noticed how creamy her pussy was but didn't know that it was from her afternoon couplings. He didn't have to be asked to watch closely as his brother thoroughly fucked their mutual sex instructor. In spite of her arousal she managed to verbalize some pointers for her student. As Robert and she climaxed, Jeffrey was also able to do so in her mouth. He was awakened by sex noises in the night but fell back to sleep gripping his erection.

He was awakened by warm lips and tongue on his morning wood. Moira told him to freshen up and have breakfast so the education could resume. Clothing was NOT necessary. Taking him back to the couch, she took his hand and rubbed it on her pussy, pushing a couple of fingers inside to feel the wetness. She said, "As you have already seen, fluids are an important part of sex and need to be shared freely. Your brother filled me three times last night, the last one just before he left this morning. I want you to taste my pussy with both of our juices so we can remove some of the inhibitions you most likely have. You will learn more about my island culture and much of it may surprise you but I guarantee that it will make you a more loving person." She lay back and guided his mouth to her vulva. With her gentle encouragement, Jeffrey licked and then sucked on her recently fucked pussy as he had been taught the day before. Moira quickly rose to a short but pleasant orgasm. Pulling his face to hers, she kissed him deeply and said, "I love the taste too, just like when you shoot in my mouth. I want you to kiss me like this the next time that happens. Now that you have cleaned me out and gotten me ready, it is time to give me your virginity." Reaching down to grasp his hard love pole, she guided it between her spread thighs to the entrance to her love tunnel. Rubbing the swollen head up and down her slit to moisten it, she used her other hand on his buttock to urge the entry of her third white cock. Moving slowly, savoring every added inch of penetration, Jeffrey was beyond conscious thought. His entire focus was on the sensations his cock had never before experienced. After mashing his pubic hair against Moira's, he slowly withdrew part way and reentered, revelling in the exquisite sensations as her vaginal texture caressed his firm flesh. After only a few more strokes he couldn't hold back the outpouring jets of semen which sprayed hotly against the cervix of his brother's pregnant wife. Moira held him close, keeping him seated deep inside her. She hadn't climaxed yet, so when his breathing slowed a bit, she squeezed his still partially firm cock with her vaginal muscles. His young cock recharged quickly to her great pleasure and they continued to fuck as she resumed the role of teacher.   After a variety of position demonstrations they climaxed together, his hot spray in her pussy this time setting off her climax as well. After lunch they got some further practice then Moira went "shopping" again since Jeffrey was exhausted. His endurance would need some development, she decided.

That night at bedtime she told Robert that it was time for a recital of the training they had been doing. Leading Jeffrey to their marital bed, she laid back and told him to show his brother all he had learned. Over the next hour, as Robert watched avidly, Jeffrey demonstrated all of his newly acquired skills with his brother's wife. After fucking her in three positions he finally brought them to climax in the missionary one and rolled off next to her, exhausted and sated. Of course Moira wasn't and pulled her husband's cock into her cunt wet with his brother's cum. Jeffrey watched and caressed Moira's breasts as the spouses furiously fucked. Moira took Jeffry's hand and led it to her pussy. His fingers felt his cum being forced out by Robert's pumping. He rubbed it on her clit and pussy lips. She pushed his fingers further so he touched his brother's cock where they joined and rubbed them along the shaft as it stroked. As Robert climaxed, Jeffrey felt the pulses of cum being pumped up the underside of his brother's cock.

As Robert dismounted, Jeffrey, quickly reloaded by this incredible scene, asked Moira, "More?" Her answer was to roll onto Jeffrey's hard cock and ride him. As he caressed her pregnancy swollen tits, a flow of cum ran unto his groin and balls. Soon they both came again and she slipped into sleep between her men. It had been a delightfully busy day for her pussy. First her husband, then Jeffrey twice before lunch and twice after. Each of her fuck buddies did her twice in the afternoon, alternating turns. At bedtime it was Jeffrey twice and her husband once. An even dozen was a pretty nice number she decided. To paraphrase: "Her cunt runneth over."

Jeffrey moved into the couple's king size bed, saving the bother of the bed couch. Moira was delighted to have two cocks immediately available to meet her needs which were pretty frequent. As her belly and breasts grew, she pleased all four of her cocksmen with the changing experience. As some positions became uncomfortable, others were found to work quite well. The steady supply of male seminal hormones to her vaginal walls was addicting, to her lovers' great pleasure. Jeffrey started classes and was certainly not much distracted by the many pretty classmates. He was well satisfied at home although thoughts about a few of them stimulated him a bit extra when fucking Moira. He still was unaware of her outside sex partners although he noticed during late afternoon sessions in bed with his brother's wife that she sometimes seemed extra wet and slick, much like when he fucked her after Robert. The married couple began telling him about the island culture and customs. When they reached the part about island hospitality, Jeffrey exclaimed, "So that is why Moira was so eager for me!" Moira replied with a big smile, "And I was sooo horny too!" Moira told about her island sex buddies and how Robert had to learn to be comfortable with that, Jeffry asked, "Do you still see them?" "Yes, many afternoons." "So is that why you are so wet sometimes...because you have just fucked them?" "Yes, I wondered if you noticed." Since they were dressed in very little as usual at home, Jeffrey's erection was very noticeable. Moira went and sat on it and quickly rode him to spurt into her lovebox. "I see that it excites you, just like your brother, to know how sexual I am. Know that with my sex buddies it is just good sex but with you and Robert it is love as well. Although Robert has watched me couple with them I wish that to be kept separate from this family now." Late the next afternoon, Jeffrey was waiting when Moira returned. As she undressed he put his fingers in her pussy and tasted them. She said, "Yes, they both just fucked me. Do you want some sloppy thirds?" He pulled her to the floor, spread her legs, ate her voraciously, and plunged his cock into her slippery hole. In spite of a bunch of recent orgasms, Moira came once more with the energy of his onslaught.

When the story of Robert's visit to Moira's island village was described, the young horny Jeffrey was beside himself with interest. Although he dearly loved Moira and her loving he was naturally curious about screwing such a variety of partners in a short time. Moira promised that as soon as possible after the baby came that they would all visit her family. In the meantime he would have to be content with her...as if that was a problem! 

As Moira began her ninth month she became more concerned about the four men who depended on her for sex. Anal and oral were possibilities for the month or so her pussy would be out of commission. She was not fond of anal, and oral didn't seem like enough for men who were used to good pussy. Fate intervened when the second female college student from her village arrived on campus. They had been good friends and she was one of the women shared with Robert during their visit. They renewed their friendship and Moira described her situation. Sara had been a bit concerned about her own sexual needs and was delighted to learn how Moira had arranged things. Moira knew it was time to extend island hospitality so Sara was invited to dinner. When she arrived she quickly ran to hug and kiss Robert, her only white lover. Jeffrey also got an enthusiastic introduction. The men noted that the two women looked similar enough to be sisters and, knowing island sexual customs, perhaps they were. Moira delivered drinks and announced it was "island time" so clothes came off. The women were equally beautiful though Sara was a couple of years younger and had a much flatter tummy! After a delicous dinner of island fare, Moira took the hands of Sara and Robert and led them to the bedroom proclaiming that they needed to get reacquainted. She then fucked Jeffrey on the carpet to the love sounds from the bedroom. Later Robert came out and gently pulled his wife off of Jeffrey saying that now Sara wanted to get to know Jeffrey better. She was waiting with a smile on her face and legs widespread. Jeffrey surprised her by face diving into her pussy and lapping up the familiar semen there. As he entered his second pussy and she accepted her second white cock, they kissed deeply sharing the juices of her and Robert. Moira had drained him once so he was able to savor Sara for a long time to her great and repeated pleasure. They spent the night wrapped around and in each other.

At breakfast Moira outlined her post partum plan. Since she had to be more careful with sex during this last month, she proposed that Sara assume her role with the "island boys" during the week and spend weekends with her "family" until the delivery. At that time she could use Sara's help with the new baby and taking care of her men during the week as well. Sara seemed a bit apprehensive so Moira reassured her. "You don't have to fuck each of them twice a day like I have during my pregnancy. They are good considerate lovers and appreciate whatever you can and want to share. The best part is that you will never have to be horny!" The next evening she and Sara met the young men for pizza then went to their room. She explained her plan then they paired up for sex. After both couples finished they swapped partners for another round. Moira returned home and Sara stayed with her two new sex partners, leaving late and well fucked. 

Returning to their flat, Moira noticed that Jeffrey was unusually quiet. Even her naked well-fucked body rubbing on him didn't have the usual effect. She turned his fact towards hers and looked straight at him. "I think Sara is already special to you. I wouldn't be surprised if she might have similar feelings too. You are thinking about what she is doing with the other men and wanting it to be just with you. That is very natural and I felt it a little bit when you and Robert fucked her. Robert has learned to not only accept my other lovers but realize that they actually add to our sex life. Each time Robert has me after another man, you included, I am a bit different and new. He can never get bored with me. Sara, like me, has had many lovers between her legs. Each is unique and doesn't take anything away from the others, they just add more to the woman she is. Most are just for pleasure but sometimes someone becomes very special and love gets added to the experience. Sara will be back soon enough and you need to enjoy, not envy, the sex she has experienced as you join with her again. Now, spoon behind me and put your lovely cock in a pussy that has had three other lovers since you were last there. Feel what a woman that makes me." He entered her easily and caressed her tits, belly, and pussy as he added his contribution where many men had gone before.

Friday evening Sara come to the flat and Jeffrey took her out to dinner and a movie. Later, as they sat on the couch Jeffrey offered her a glass of wine. She impishly said, "A real date! Now I suppose you will want your way with me...and you'd better!"  As they coupled, Sara said, "Moira told me about your feelings and conversation. We grew up with free sharing of sex so I have to learn about your culture too. I can see the deep feelings you have for Moira and I envy that! Sex for me has always been recreational. Fucking the island boys this week has been fun, especially with two who Moira has trained so well. I won't deny that I'm looking forward to taking care of them by myself until Moira can help out. I also enjoy your brother. You and he are quite different in bed than any island men I have screwed and, even at my young age, there have been many." Jeffrey's cock became harder and harder as she spoke and his strokes deeper and more forceful. Sara's arousal was also building until they both reached their peaks. He woke her in the night for a passionate encounter and he awoke to her riding his morning wood. Robert and Moira were away for the day so they spent the day naked and lusting for each other. During one recovery period, Jeffrey asked, "I am listening to what you and Moira are telling me about how to think about sex. Would you tell me about what you have done with the island boys? Start at the beginning. Don't spare any details. I am thinking that if you share your experiences with me then I will know you better. Plus it is likely to make me recover for more loving faster. It is like I feel with Moira and Robert since it is all shared with me. It may also fuel my imagination when you are not here during the week."          

Sara kissed him deeply, rolled him on his back and sat on his cock. She moved up and down gently as Jeffrey caressed her firm breasts during her story. He got a fuck-by-fuck and cum-by-cum history starting with Moira's introductory group sex and continuing through Friday afternoon's quickies before their date. "So you were freshly fucked when we went out last night?", Jeffrey interrupted. "I considered it foreplay. Did you notice any problem with the loving you got?", she replied. "No, I have no complaints except they are getting more of your pussy than I am." Sara looked thoughtful, "You're right. You could come to my room Wednesday after dinner if you don't mind the possibility of seconds or thirds." "I'll just have to enjoy the sensation," Jeffrey replied, "and let's catch up as much as possible on weekends." So they worked diligently towards that goal.

When Robert and Moira returned late that evening they found the lovers slumbering in the big bed. They opened the sofa-bed and Robert led the drowsy Sara to it. She became fully awake as his lips reached her sloppy cunt and she was soon ready to take his cock into Jeffrey's cum. Moira eased into the big bed with Jeffrey and sucked Sara's juices off his soft cock. Even that was not enough to arouse the fucked-out young man so she laid on her side and pulled him spooning behind her, hoping that when he recovered she would feel his cock enter her once again. In the middle of the night he awoke enough to realize from the size of her belly who he was snuggled with. He knew what she craved and gently fucked her as he caressed her breasts and belly. Each had a mild orgasm and slept well past dawn. They were awakened by a freshly fucked Sara climbing on the bed, raising Moira's topmost leg and caressing and licking their sex organs until Jeffrey responded appropriately. She rolled him on his back and rode him while Moira watched and got in a few kisses and caresses with the loving couple. Robert stuck his head in the door and said, "When you are done rutting in there, I have breakfast ready." Towels were put on the women's chairs and a nude breakfast was enjoyed by all.  Sara told about the conversation she had with Jeffrey and he nodded in agreement. Sex was freely enjoyed by the foursome until Sara left for her room Sunday evening as she had an early class. Poor Moira had to compensate for her absence. She didn't complain.

With the impending child birth and the need for Sara's more frequent presence, Robert realized that their flat was much too small. Since Jeffrey's on-campus room had not materialized and his presence was now taken for granted, it was decided to look for a larger flat closer to the university. With the dorm costs budgeted for Jeffrey and also for Sara in addition to their own resources, Moira and Robert realized they could rent a three bedroom house. Figuring that Jeffrey and Sara would like sharing a room then there was one for the new arrival as well. Household expenses and chores could be shared so everyone was better off. They found an ideal place quickly and made the move right away as the baby was due at any moment. Moira was still enjoying her brother lovers although not as energetically as she could without the big belly. One morning Robert was gone to class and Jeffrey was gently stroking inside Moira when there was a gush of liquid around his cock and Moira felt her first contraction. He cleaned them both up and took her to the hospital where she delivered a light brown boy a few hours later. The staff marvelled at how well she had done for a first delivery. She smiled and said, "Exercises" with no further explanation.

When Moira came home with the baby Sara fussed over them so constantly that Robert and Jeffrey were concerned that she might want to get pregnant too. Sensing this, Sara told them that, although it was tempting due to strong maternal instincts, she was determined to get her degree before going down that path. In the meantime she would just keep in practice! And she took that quite seriously with four men to satisfy and she did an admirable job. The birth control she was on suppressed her periods so there was really no break for her busy pussy. She made sure that Jeffrey got more of her loving than anyone else and verbally shared with him any experience he was not present for. Sara told Jeffrey that she had noticed that her arousal with the island boys was not as great as with him. Her visits to their room were timed when they were both available and it often took both cocks to reach her satisfaction. Sometimes she was so eager to have Jeffrey that she used her cunt muscles to quickly milk their cream into her vagina then hurried home for a great and juicy finish. Sara also liked fucking the two brothers together while Moira watched and nursed the baby. The new mother was able to enjoy oral sex and the men would sometimes pull out of Sara and cum on her pussy followed by rubbing it in.

Folllowing the doctor's release for active duty, Moira looked forward to her husband's first visit to her maternal pussy. As they gently coupled he remarked that it was different but still delightful. The next day she accepted Jeffrey's cock. Both men and Sara enjoyed tasting her milk-filled breasts which sent tingles to her crotch. During the next week her pussy quickly got back in condition. Although not nearly as horny as during her pregnancy, she knew that Sara needed some help. Soon she asked to accompany Sara to see the island boys. They were very pleased to see her even with the baby at her breast. She fucked each of them while Sara held the baby. She was fully reaffirmed as a woman and proudly told Robert that night in bed. She and Sara arranged a schedule when one or both of them could be with the boys on several days of the week. As soon as possible she got back on birth control hoping there would be no repeat motherhood for a while. She was apparently pretty damned fertile!

Now that her sexual load was being shared again, Sara really concentrated on Jeffrey. Their living together with all the intimate sharing was building some strong feelings between them. Her womanly wisdom recognized that more than her partner did. He was increasingly enjoying her other man sexual activity and that made their lovemaking more intense. Holiday was approaching and she knew they would visit the village. How would he handle that?

The five of them arrived to an enthusiastic welcome. Everyone, and especially the women, were eager to see the baby and the two light skinned men. Women who had fucked Robert on the last visit were vying for another chance and they wanted his brother too. If Sara and Moira had any jealousy it was soon dissipated by the number of previous lovers who wanted to reconnect with them. Robert knew what to expect but Sara counseled Jeffrey, "I am going to get fucked a lot by men and boys who have been inside me before. You are going to get well laid by a bunch of women who know how to fuck. Enjoy it all and tell me about it when we come back together. Neither you nor I will spend the night apart. It is best if we share what we have experienced." Strange pussy has a way of stimulating a man to prodigious feats so Jeffrey and Robert weren't able to do much for their regular partners at bedtime beyond cuddling and caressing their cream filled pussies. Morning was different as each couple enjoyed their partner's thoroughly exercised genitals. Of course the women easily outfucked the men but everyone got all they could handle. A good time was had by all, as they say. On the last night, as before, Moira's mom pulled the "parental right" thing and got laid by both brothers. The two women easily found other partners including but not limited to Moira's mother's regular partner.   

On the return flight they all slept the sleep of the well-laid except when baby demanded attention. Little was said as they went back to their normal life but Sara knew that the village experience had made a significant impression on Jeffrey. Before that he had only been with two women who he had special feelings for. The varied recreational sex with the village women, some of whom could barely speak english, had to be an amazing experience for him. She had grown up with many partners but he hadn't. She waited patiently for him to open the topic. He finally said, after they had enjoyed each other one night, "I think I am understanding your view of sex a lot better. I enjoyed being in the pussies of many women of all ages and sizes, and I know you liked all the cocks that pleasured you. Kind of like good meals, they are wonderful memories but no more than that. I can reminisce about a past experience but it can never replace the here and now. My essential need is to share life with you and all the other is only frosting on a good cake. Will you bond with me?" Sara replied, "You have come a long way since I met you. Yes, I will bond with you but it cannot mean that we 'own' each other, just that we have a very special committment. We must both recognize that there are and will be many other outside sexual relationships which must be accepted for what they are. Many men have left sperm where yours is right now but I would never want their seed to make me with child. I know that Moira's child was unplanned and the father is unknown. I intend to be very careful about knowing who impregnates me when that time comes even though that is often not the case on the island. I want you to make love to Moira as often as you both wish to and I will do the same to Robert. Since Robert is your brother, his loving actually adds to ours. Moira is so much like a sister to me that when you join with her it adds to my connection to you. I realize that these are not the customs you grew up with but never doubt that I love you." "I agree and I love you too, you wonderful woman." said Jeffrey. They slept together very contentedly.