This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, 
copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by 
commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial 
publication, including websites, without the express permission of 
the author, will be followed up with legal action.  This fictional 
story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be 
viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of 
fiction.  In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV 
and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips 
his wick" or "rides the rod" with impunity and without protection.

---

The Year 2010: Lesbian Test (Mf, Ff, 1st, reluc, inc, impreg)

by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

***
The year 2010 seems so far away and yet so close.  It is the world 
of tomorrow, created from the seeds of today...
***

"Marie?  You there?"  Crystal knocked once and then quickly opened 
her younger sister's bedroom door.

"Crys! Hey!" Marie scrambled to cover herself with her bed sheet.  
Her jeans and panties were on the floor, and her hands had been 
between her legs.  The flush on her face confirmed what the cute, 
skinny 16-year old brunette had been up to.

Crystal half-closed the door as she entered the room.  She had one 
hand behind her back, hidden from her sister.

"Get out!" yelled Marie, eyes wide, still covering her half-naked 
form as best she could.

Crystal went to the side of the bed.  "Mom's worried about you, 
Marie.  She asked me to see how you were."

Marie looked at her sister, confused.  "Worried?  I'm fine.  Why's 
she worried?"

"Well, she thinks you might be...gay."

"WHAT! That's ridiculous!" Marie dropped the sheet, since it was 
covering her legs and she still had her t-shirt on.

Crystal got right in her face.  "You don't go out with guys, Marie! 
By your age I'd already had a couple of boyfriends.  Mom and Dad 
can't afford to be hit with homo taxes; they'd lose the house!"

Crystal was of course referring to the Gay and Lesbian Tax, ratified 
by the U.S. government in 2007.  It wasn't illegal to be gay (yet), 
but parents and legal guardians were hit with a 25% increase to 
their income tax if it was found that they had openly gay children.  
Since President-for-Life George W. Bush's scientists had confirmed 
that it was upbringing that caused the perversion of homosexuality, 
the parents were to blame.  What was worse, the taxes were 
retroactive, all the way back to when the child turned 13 years old!

Marie's eyes got wide.  "But...I'm not gay! How can I prove I'm 
not?"

"You'll have to trust me, Marie.  Can you do that?"  Marie nodded.  
Crystal revealed what she had brought in:  a rubber dildo.

Marie was incredulous, staring.  "What--?  What am I supposed to do 
with that?"

"What do you think, dummy?  I need to show you what you've been 
missing, and this will help.  I know you've been using your fingers, 
but lesbians do that too.  You need to know what it's like to have a 
cock inside you."  Crystal held the rubber phallus out to her little 
sister.

Marie just continued to stare at it.

"Damnit, girl, let's go! I need to be able to tell Mom that you like 
boys by the time they get back tonight, and I'm not going to lie to 
her."  She yanked the covers from Marie's body, pushed her onto her 
back, and forced the dildo into her little sister's hand.

Marie was frozen, holding the dildo away from her as if it was a 
poisonous snake.  She looked fearfully at her sister.  "I...can't do 
this while you're watching..."

"Well, you're going to have to.  Mom's not going to believe me 
otherwise."  Crystal sat next to her and crossed her arms in front 
her chest.  "If it helps, close your eyes and think of a cute guy 
from school or something."

Marie thought about it for several long seconds, then closed her 
eyes.  She was mortified, but didn't want her parents to lose their 
house! She moved the dildo down to between her legs and started to 
poke the end of it into her vagina.  Despite her sister barging in, 
she was still quite wet from her masturbatory session.

She thought about the boys at school.  Nothing.  She was having 
trouble getting anything more than the tip of the dildo into her.

Crystal noticed her difficulty.  "Well, what were you thinking of 
when I came in here?"

Oh, yes, thought Marie.  A few months ago Crystal had snuck her 
boyfriend into her room, which was right next door to Marie's.  She 
had heard their gasps of pleasure and the squeaking of the bed 
springs and masturbated herself to a mind-blowing orgasm.  She 
frequently got off thinking about that night.

Her pussy got wet again and the dildo slipped into her a bit.  She 
gave a sharp intake of breath, then paused.  She pushed a little 
harder.  It went in halfway, which was about 4 inches.

Crystal spoke, cutting into Marie's fantasy:  "Aren't you a virgin?"

Marie kept her eyes closed.  "Technically.  I...um...used a cucumber 
and went in a little too far."  She could feel her cheeks flush.  
She pulled the dildo out, then pushed it back in again.  It was 
going in easier.

She felt Crystal start to pull up her t-shirt, and grabbed at it, 
her eyes flying open.  "What are you doing?!"

"I can't tell if you're enjoying that.  It's not cold in here; your 
nipples will tell me."  Grudgingly, Marie sat up and let Crystal 
pull off her t-shirt, then her bra, both of which joined her jeans 
and panties on the floor.

Marie lay back and closed her eyes again.  Again, her fantasy was 
interrupted:

"Play with your nipples, Marie.  Show me how hard they can get."

Marie complied, rubbing her free hand over her small breasts as she 
pushed and pulled the dildo in and out of herself.  Her nipples 
quickly responded, becoming hard and tingly.  Her breathing rate 
increased.

Thankfully, Crystal stopped interrupting so Marie was able to get 
more into it.  She thought back to that night, hearing Crystal and 
her boyfriend Andrew going at it like bunnies.  She pictured him in 
her mind, astride her, thrusting.  She was getting close...

Crystal again interjected:  "What do you think, Drew?  Isn't she 
cute?"

Marie's eyes flew open as she realized that Crystal's boyfriend 
Andrew was at the door, ogling the young girl as she pleasured 
herself.  Her hands flew to the sheets to try to cover herself 
again, but Crystal stopped her.

"He wants to help, Marie.  I can't tell if you like guys just from 
you playing with a fake dick."  She motioned her boyfriend into the 
room, and he pulled off his t-shirt as he came closer.

Marie was about to freak out.  How long had he been watching?  Even 
in her nervous state a part of her admired his chest, skin stretched 
taut over his muscles.  She put one arm over her perky breasts while 
the other tried to cover her stuffed pussy.

Crystal kept her eyes on Marie's face as Andrew pulled down his 
jeans.  The younger girl's eyes grew big as she spotted the telltale 
bulge in his briefs.  Her eyes got even bigger as he pulled those 
down and the older girl spoke again:

"Are you ready to become a woman, Marie?"

Marie took a moment to realize what was being asked of her.  "What?  
I...what?  No! I can't! You...I...I don't want to get pregnant!"

Andrew had climbed onto the bed, his thick, hard 7-incher pointing 
directly at his target.  Marie's sight was blocked by something 
shoved directly in front of her:  a foil-wrapped condom.

"No problem, Marie," Crystal said soothingly.  "I have your best 
interests at heart.  Put this on, Drew."

The handsome brown-haired young man sat on his haunches as he 
extracted the prophylactic and rolled it down his cock.  Marie still 
couldn't take her eyes off of it, so didn't notice Crystal's hand 
reaching between her younger sister's legs.

Marie gave a disappointed moan as the dildo was suddenly extracted.  
She felt so empty!

Not for long, though, as Andrew dove, knocking the breath from her.  
He draped himself over her, lining up his cock with her moist hole 
by touch.  He rubbed the tip around her pussy lips, making her 
murmur in pleasure, then started to push himself inside.

Marie was still in shock, but the warmth between her legs felt 
really good! The empty feeling went away, replaced with a sense 
of...completion.  It wasn't like with the dildo, where she was in 
control of how much went in and how fast.  It was kind of like how 
only someone else can tickle you; you can't do it yourself because 
your body knows what's going to happen.  She wasn't in control and 
it excited her in a way she never expected.

He pushed into her halfway and she gasped.  He pulled almost all the 
way out, swirled his shaft clockwise, eliciting more gasps from her, 
then pushed all the way in, bottoming out.

"OH! Uh! Oh, Andrew!" Marie was in heaven, and her arms went around 
his athletic form.

Crystal caught herself drooling a little, and quickly wiped it away.  
"Feels so much better than doing it yourself, huh?  And better than 
a piece of rubber, too."

Marie was thrusting her pelvis back into Andrew now.  "Oh, yes! Yes! 
God, yes! I...never knew! Oh fuck!"

Andrew plowed into Marie for several minutes, and it was getting 
clear that the young girl was well on her way to a great orgasm.  
Just then, their thrusting became discordant and Andrew slipped out 
of her.

"Oh! No! Oh!" Marie kept thrusting her hips, trying to get him back 
inside her.  Crystal reached down between them quickly, stopping 
Andrew's attempts to do the same.

She withdrew with prize in hand and Andrew lined himself back up, 
thrusting home again.

Marie suddenly felt five times better than before.  The heat coming 
from down there was incredible.  "OH YES! Fuck me! God!"

Crystal whispered into her sister's ear:  "Doesn't that feel the 
best?  Skin on skin, Marie...nothing in the way...like God 
intended."

"Yes! Oh, yes!" Marie blinked.  "Uh, what?  What?"  She turned her 
head and saw the condom in Crystal's hand.  "NO! Crys...NO! Uhh! 
Uhh!"

"Relax, sis," Crystal said, brushing back Marie's hair from her 
face.  "We'll put it back on before he gets close.  You just have to 
experience it bareback, or it's not real sex, y'know?  Trust me..."

Marie was too far gone to protest.  She closed her eyes and let the 
good feelings rise up within her again.  Andrew would pause deep 
inside and grind his pelvis into hers, stimulating her clitoris.

Marie gasped, almost hyperventilating:  "Anh...ahh...ohhh..."

Andrew started slamming into her again and again, increasing the 
speed of his thrusts.  He buried his face in her neck.

Marie gasped:  "Crys...ahh...con...dom..."

"Hmm?  Oh yes.  Now where did I put it?"  Crystal started searching 
around the bedsheets.

Andrew was thrusting faster.

"Hur...ry...Crys...unhhh..."

Crystal looked intently near where the two lovers' hips were 
gyrating against each other.  "I think it fell underneath you, 
Marie.  Lift your butt, okay?"

Marie complied, but the sudden change in angle caused Andrew's next 
thrust to penetrate into her even further than before.  The 
sensations were incredible for both of them.

"Oh fuck! Yeah!" Andrew reared back and encircled Marie's waist with 
his arms, keeping her from lowering her hips back down.  His thrusts 
were now at a fever pitch, as was his breathing.  He buried his face 
in the 16-year-old's small breasts, sucking on her nipples.

Marie panted, "N-ohhh! Crys...pleeeaase..."  She no longer had any 
control over the situation.  She was at their mercy.  
"An...drew...n-ahhh!"

Crystal was now at the foot of the bed, looking up and under 
Andrew's legs.  His scrotum had pulled up close to his body, 
signaling his imminent release.

"I think I see it, Marie.  Hold on."

Marie felt relief somewhere in the back of her lust-addled mind.  
Her sister would protect her.

Crystal climbed back up onto the bed and reached between the two 
rutting teenagers.  "Ah, here it is..."  Her fingers found Marie's 
exposed clitoris, and she rubbed it vigorously as Andrew pumped for 
all he was worth.

The effect was immediate and explosive.  Marie arched her back and 
came hard, pushing her hips up into her sister's boyfriend's pelvis.  
"N-AHHHHH! N-OHHHHHH! UHHHHHH! IEEEEE!!"

Andrew grunted, as the feeling of the girl's tight cunt squeezing 
his cock set him off.  "YEAH! OH FUCK YEAH!" He rammed himself into 
her again and again, exploding into the young beauty's unprotected 
pussy.  Dollops of cum raced up his shaft and were forcefully 
injected into the depths of Marie's hot clasping cunt.  It felt like 
the stream of sperm-laden semen would never stop.

Crystal stopped stimulating her sister's clit and brought her mouth 
back to Marie's ear, whipering:  "Is he cumming inside you?  Oh, you 
lucky girl.  Doesn't it feel so warm and wet?  There's nothing like 
it."  Marie was overcome, unable to do anything but whimper in 
response.

Finally the two came down from their exhausting orgasm.  Andrew gave 
Marie a peck on the cheek and pulled out of her.  She gave another 
disappointed groan as the empty feeling returned.

Crystal rolled to the side of the bed, reaching down.  "Here it is! 
It fell on the floor."  It was obviously too late for the protective 
device, however.

Andrew dressed quickly and gave a wave as he left.  Marie was 
devastated, staring at the cum running out from between her legs.

Crystal sat beside her sister.  "Oh, hon, what's wrong?"

Marie was incredulous.  "What's wrong?! I could get pregnant! Oh 
God!" She looked like she was about to cry.

Crystal put her arm around her little sister.  "I'm sorry, Marie.  I 
screwed up.  We'll have to get that stuff out of you right away."

Marie was about to ask if she should go to the toilet to let it drip 
out, but Crystal grabbed a pillow and shoved it under Marie's bum.  
The older girl climbed between her sister's legs.

"Crys, what are you doing?"

"Sshh.  It's my fault.  I'll get it out."  And with that Crystal put 
her mouth to the young girl's cunt, licking and sucking.

Marie arched her back in response.  "Ohhh! Crys..."

Sex education had been banned years before.  Marie had been too 
young to learn about how orgasms can increase a sperm's chance to 
get further inside a woman.  Crystal, however, was old enough to 
know.  She licked and sucked, but made sure not to swallow any of 
the potent semen.  She used her tongue to push it back inside the 
naive girl.

Marie had closed her eyes, gasping.  The good feelings built up 
again, and when Crystal fastened her mouth on Marie's clit, she 
exploded again.

"AAAHHHH! OHHHHH!" Her hands grabbed her sister's head, mashing her 
face into her cunt as she came.  With the pillow angling her pelvis 
just right, her cervix spasmed, opening up and lowering itself into 
the pool of semen at the back of her vaginal cavity, sucking more of 
the potent seed deep within her.  By the time she was done, most of 
Andrew's sperm was well on its preprogrammed way.

Crystal wiped her face on Marie's sheets.  "I think I got it all.  
Mom and Dad will be so happy, Marie.  You've saved our house."

Marie was exhausted.  She smiled down at her sister euphorically.  
She didn't even try to cover up or remove the pillow under her 
behind.  Crystal turned off the lights as she went to the door.

She turned to her sister.  "I love you, Marie."

"Luvyhtoo..." Marie murmured as she fell to sleep.  Darkness 
enveloped her as the door closed.

Within weeks they knew:  Marie was pregnant.  Abortions had been 
outlawed years ago with the overturn of Roe vs. Wade.  They had no 
option but to bring the baby to term.

With the new addition to the family, however, came money from the 
government.  The Child Benefit Fund had been created just the 
previous year, which gave new mothers a $10,000 windfall.  Since 
Marie was under 18, the money went to her family.  Crystal went and 
bought a nice new leather jacket for herself, her reward for a job 
well done.

***
We hope you have enjoyed your brief visit to the year 2010.  Is this 
a cautionary tale?  A nightmare?  No, it's a stroke story.  Now go 
clean your keyboard.
***

The Year 2011:  Fool Me Twice can be found at
http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/krosis/2011-foolmetwice.txt

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans?  E-mail Krosis of the Collective 
(krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)