Business Bed, Breakfast, & Benefits - Chapter 1 - How It Started

Emily is a recent widow about 40, trim figure with still firm tits, and with medium length wavy dark blond hair. Having no job skills beyond the mothering of two now grown children, her financial situation wasn't good. To supplement the small life insurance proceeds, she decided to develop her 4 bedroom home into a bed and breakfast. Located within walking distance of the business district, she promoted to business travellers, promising personal service and home style lodging at a reasonable price. This worked well and word-of-mouth soon brought a good number of one-time and repeat guests. 

Brad was one of her earliest guests and spent Wednesday and Thursday nights every other week while visiting his company's home office. He was married and in his mid 30s. He and Emily soon became good friends and she looked forward to the companionship of his visits. As a shy person with only average beauty and bust size, she had dated very little and married her high school sweetheart. Her low self-confidence held her back from dating now so this male attention was welcome but made her realize how much she missed even the vanilla sex in her marriage.
 
On the occasion of the first anniversary of the business, Brad brought in dinner and champagne. Never much of a drinker, Emily got pretty tipsy and her lowered inhibitions let her reveal her horniness and need for affection. Brad skillfully built her arousal and took her to bed. Having an attractive naked man between her legs for the first time in too long was almost more than she could stand. After her climax, Brad held her as the tears flowed and then gave her even more loving. Two successive couplings had never happened in her marriage and she was amazed and thrilled. When Brad reassured her that he only had sex with his wife, she was delighted to enjoy him bareback since her tubes were tied. From then on she especially looked forward to the visits of this sexy younger man.

Brad guided her sexual awakening, leading her into things she had never before experienced. He encouraged her learning from the internet. He worked with her to improve her appearance and poise. Finally, knowing that his widely spaced visits could not keep up with her emerging sexual desires, he proposed a solution. To help satisfy her growing sexual needs and increase the revenue from her guests, he suggested that she offer "premium services" to regular visitors that she felt were attractive and trustworthy. Condoms would be required and the time spent in their room would be limited. The regular room charge would be doubled. Though Emily's body was worth far more, she could justify this amount compared to hotels in the area. She should not hide the income since tax evasion was penalized far more harshly than charging for sex. Brad would be her business advisor in exchange for free pussy. Emily would tease him about those terms for a long time but was happy to pay the "bill".
 
After a couple of sexual dry spells between Brad's visits, this option became more attractive to Emily. Finally, she selected a guest and made a subtle suggestion which was quickly picked up on and consummated. Later that night she emailed Brad with the news. She had been both scared and excited but quickly began to enjoy the new cocks between her legs. From then on it was more a problem of limiting her availability than finding opportunities. Brad's visits were the frosting on the cake as he was the only one who could fuck her bareback so she could enjoy the male juice.. 

Frank was a guest who had enjoyed Emily's special services on a number of occasions. After retiring he moved to her city and asked her out to dinner. Surprised, but flattered, she accepted. During their mealtime conversation, Emily asked what prompted his call. Frank replied that he was attracted to her as a person as well as a female. He was a decade older, divorced, and a new resident in town. He hoped that they could become friends and do things together. Emily reminded him about her business and asked how he felt about that. He replied that, to him, it made her even more sexually atractive...and, no, he wasn't just after free pussy.
 
They found many common interests and grew in intimacy until she welcomed him as a second bareback lover. Frank confided that he had erectile difficulties after his divorce, and that her combination of gentle charm and sexual availability had restored his confidence and ability. Thinking about her other sex activities stimulated his erections both before and during the times he was between her legs. A well fucked pussy is the sexiest kind of pussy.

Once she was comfortable with their relationship, Emily began spending some weekend nights at Frank's apartment since she often didn't have weekend lodgers. Week nights were work nights for client sex but weekends were for her fun. She told him about her business history and Brad's role in her sexual awakening. Frank was fascinated and asked to meet Brad. Emily said that they had both been guests at the same time on several occasion and, yes, she had sex with both of them on those days. Frank had been required to be covered, of course, and Brad had her last as usual. One evening Emily sat with Frank and said to him as she took her clothes off, "I was married for many years and my husband always 'made love' to me. Brad taught me to 'fuck'. I like both very much and need to have both in my life. We have fucked in the past but this time I want you to 'make love' to me." He did.  

When she was completely convinced that Frank was ok with her sex life, Emily invited him to dinner at the B&B on a Wednesday night when Brad was there. Brad knew about her new relationship and was pleased for her. After dinner, Emily announced, "I've been reading about sex on the Internet and I want to try a threesome. I hope I have the right people gathered here." After a moment of silence, her two men smiled and nodded vigorously. Taking their hands, she led the way to her room. Her erotic development was going to a new level. She took their clothes off of them and then, slowly, removed her own. "Brad", she said, "in spite of many years of marriage I was practically a virgin when you seduced me. Thank you for that and all the sexual mentoring that followed. I've grown so much and am now open to new things I would have never considered before. You will always have a special place in my heart and pussy. This is new to all of us, I know, so let's enjoy learning together." With Emily's imagination as a guide, they became aware of how exciting this new level of sharing was. First, Emily had a 69 and a riding fuck with each man as the other watched. Her partner and the watcher had difficulty not cumming but held off somehow since they wanted this to last as long as possible. Picking up a coin, she flipped it and said, "Heads Brad, tails Frank...Frank gets to cum in me first." She lay back with legs spread and told Brad to guide Frank's cock into her ready pussy. He was surprised at her request but did so. As Frank began stroking, Emily pulled Brad's cock to her mouth and began loving it. "Mmmmmm...I thought this would be fun!". That set Frank off and he grunted and shuddered several times as his cock pulsed out cum. Emily grinned and said to Brad, "I hope you enjoy sloppy seconds...it felt like Frank was inspired...get in the saddle and, Frank, get that cock up here." Brad slipped in easily and said, "Damn, it feels like hot silk in here." As he thrust a few times and stiffened up with his release, Emily finished cleaning off Frank's not entirely soft cock. Then she did the same for Brad's. "Next one hard gets the next round...I haven't gotten off yet", she announced as she fondled the men on either side of her. At that Frank leaned over between her widespread legs and nibbled and licked her to a solid climax. She got a kiss from his cum coated lips after she stopped moaning. Brad would not be outdone and also gave her an oral orgasm and kiss. Each of her men were good for another longer, multi-positional, and mutually satisfying copulation before they had to call it a night.  

The next morning after her lovers had left, Emily lay in bed, wet, sore, incredibly satisfied, and rather amazed at how her life had changed. "What's next?", she thought. She went back to the routine of servicing guests, fucking Brad during his visits, and dating Frank on weekends. One evening she asked Frank if he had any fantasies since he had helped explore one of hers. His reply was, "I've been on the internet too. Have you heard about this thing called golden showers or watersports?" Emily replied, "I've seen it. Seems nasty but wicked too. I'll try it but let's start off easy." The next time Emily had to pee she took Frank with her and had him put his hand below her pussy as she sat on the toilet. As the warm liquid flowed over his fingers he got erect. After they fucked, Emily held his softened cock as he peed and put one hand in his stream. The next morning they pissed on each other in the shower and that led to another cunt full of cum. So far, so good. The next weekend Emily told Frank that she was enjoying their new play but didn't want it on her face or mouth. Anywhere else was fine. It was summer so they drank lots of beer and took turns laying down in the fenced back yard for full body showers. Frank especially liked feeling Emily's hot stream on his hard cock. It made her smile to see it twitch with excitement as the hot pee splashed on it. They sometimes even fucked before rinsing off, feeling very wicked as their wet bodies rubbed together.  Another time Emily sat on Frank's cock as he was on the toilet. Frank could feel her warm liquid run down over his balls but couldn't let his piss go while so hard inside her. Something to work on, he said.

After a while Emily asked Frank if she should consider adding watersports to her list of guest services. Frank suggested trying it out on Brad. When she asked Brad, he was amused and intrigued by her newfound sense of adventure, and said that he would be happy to try it with her. Frank had installed a hidden camera in the bathroom so they got to watch her piss play with Brad later that evening. Emily became more comfortable with offering this special fun to select guests. The same bathroom was always used so Frank could watch it live or, if feeling especially randy, they would even reenact what Emily had done with the guest while watching on the video.

As her affection for Frank grew, Emily decided to ask him to move in with her. Their combined incomes would mean that she could cut back on seeking new business for the B&B. They both found that her tales from "work" kept their sex drive at a delightfully high pitch. And when servicing a guest left her aroused but not fulfilled, she could immediately go to Frank so he could finish the job with tongue, cock, or both. And Frank got fresh cummy seconds when Brad visited as well.

She made it quite clear, however, that marriage was not on the table as she was enjoying her sexual independence too much. Emily told Frank to "just enjoy the ride"...and they both did as friends and lovers.
