THE FULL TREATMENT

by Schadenfreude


'Can you take two off Carole's list, please Cliff? She's phoned in sick. You haven't got any clients until 11 have you?' 

Clifford Brown shook his head and smiled at Rhonda, the nursing manager, who checked her appointment rota. 

"Thanks Cliff. There's a Joe Martin at 22 Adelphi Gardens, age 42, needs a full bed bath, booked for 9am. Both arms and legs broken I understand. Don't know anymore its a new client,  and later at 10am there is Albert Marsh. You know Bert of course."

Clifford's ebony face broke into a wry smile. Old Albert was in the later stages of senile dementia and cleaning him up was always a bit of a messy job. Still that's what the nursing service got paid for. He wondered about Joe Martin and how he had managed to break his limbs. Oh well, all would soon be clear.

The house keys for Adelphi Gardens had been left with Rhonda as the patient was incapable of getting to the door so Cliff signed for them, put them in his pocket, picked up his nursing bag and headed off to his car.

Twenty minutes later and Cliff parked his car in the visitors area of Adelphi Gardens and looked around. The place was aptly named for there were lavish grounds abundantly garnished with colourful flowers and a small fountain in the middle of the lawns. The place reeked of money, a classic white middle class demographic and Cliff wondered with some amusement how many other black people set foot in these apartments let alone lived there.

He used the owners key to open the security lock on the front door and then took the elevator to the sixth floor and walked along the carpeted corridor to apartment 22. As he was trained to do, he first knocked gently on the door, shouted 'Hello, Carslaw Nursing Services' and waited for a reply. There was none but Cliff thought he heard a quiet gasp from within.

He opened the door and walked into the obviously well appointed apartment, the whole place reeking of money from the carpets and wallpaper to the works of art in the hallway. He found the bedroom door open and walked in, stopping dead as he found himself staring at an attractive woman in her early 40s, blonde haired and blue eyed, her cheeks tinged in a pink glow, lying in bed staring at him with wide eyed fear and surprise.

"Who are you?" she gasped and Cliff quickly produced his badge containing photograph and signature and flashed it in front of her startled eyes.

"I'm sorry to have frightened you, Ma'am," he said with genuine concern "but I have a call at this address for nursing services. A gentleman named Joe Martin?"

The woman's face relaxed, her fear eased, but she still looked uncomfortable and flushed.

"I'm Jo Martin," she said, "short for Joanna. I was expecting someone named Carol."

Clifford smiled, and he had the kind of smile which put people at their ease.

"We've both had a surprise then, Ms. Martin. I'm sorry but Carol phoned in sick and I have been given her case load. The book just had Joe written down and I guess they thought -"

The woman stared up at him, her face still blushing.

"Oh dear," she faltered, "this is most embarrassing. I need a full wash you see and of course I was expecting the nurse to be - to be -"

Clifford was about to soothe her concerns and phone back to the office explaining the situation, then he noticed, below the pulled up sheet, the heaving of the woman's large breasts. She was almost twenty years older than he but, apart from her tits, there was something about her face, the obvious wealth and breeding - and her embarrassment to be faced with a male nurse that made Clifford's cock start to rise. In those few moments of her awkward silence, he wondered how far he could play this situation without any risk to himself. Suddenly he had an overwhelming urge to see her naked. He noticed on her bedside table a copy of the 'Liberty' quarterly magazine and he calculated that, for all her obvious wealth and middle class breeding, she was a social liberal and it was a factor he could play on.

"I quite understand," he said with just the right amount of sympathy and mild hurt in his voice, "I'll get on to them right away." He paused for a second and then said, with a smile and without obvious rancour, "I'm pretty sure there are no female nurses free this morning but-" he stammered and looked uncomfortable, " if you need to be washed this morning I could see if there was someone else - I mean if you would prefer -"

As he guessed, her face registered embarrassment and horror. "Oh no, Mr.Brown, please. It's nothing to do with you personally or-" she didn't spell it out, "Oh God now I feel so awful!"

"I'm sorry, Ms.Martin," he replied, feigning awkwardness and discomfort, "I had to ask discreetly you see. Some customers -" his voice trailed off and she responded immediately.

"Of course, of course. Oh please no, nothing like that. It's just embarrassment. I never expected a man to -" She paused and her face seemed to go a shade redder. "Look, Mr Brown," she said bravely as if she had come to a momentous decision. "You are a trained nurse and I expect all we women are just slabs of meat to you. I'm being a bit silly, I know. Please do what you came to do."

Clifford's throat went dry and his cock twitched against his trousers. It had been that easy. Well he wouldn't disappoint.

"Nobody is a slab of meat, Ms. Martin," he said with a warm smile, "but everyone is a customer to whom I hope I give the highest standard of personal attention. Now if you are sure?" 

"Yes, of course, of course, Mr. Brown. Please just carry on."

Clifford smiled, though his heart was pounding fast. "First of all, Ma'am, call me Cliff. Everyone does."

The woman smiled back, although obviously awkward about the situation she was making a determined effort to come to terms with it.

"Very well, Cliff - and please call me Jo" she said and he smiled inwardly for it was clear that this did not come easily to her.

"Have you had nursing services before?" he asked and she shook her head.

"My daughter has been looking after me since I came out of hospital last week," she said," but she can't stay off work for ever and she had time off to care for me."

"OK Jo" he said, "Well I'll explain what I'm doing as we go because it's important that you know what's happening and don't get distressed, Is that OK?"

She smiled gratefully and nodded.

"Right," he said, anxious to get started and not allow her anxiety to fester "let's just peel the bedclothes down and I can slip a plastic bed sheet underneath you."

He noticed the pretty face flush a shade deeper and she swallowed hard then laid her head back as he seized the duvet cover and peeled it right down to the end of the bed. He looked at what was uncovered and his surprise must have been evident. Both her hands and arms, almost to the elbow, were bound in plaster and she was wearing a pair of floral pyjamas, with a short armed jacket and pyjama trousers buttoned at the waist. He noted  that from the crotch opening a plastic pipe emerged which fed under the bed, obviously to some container.

She saw where he was looking and blushed an ever deeper shade. "That's just so I can do a wee when I need one," she stuttered "My daughter's idea. Saves - you know - having to keep asking people to -" she seemed close to tears, "God this is SO embarrassing!"

Cliff squeezed her shoulder reassuringly. "It's very sensible," he said warmly "and I'm not embarrassed so why should you be?"

She smiled as best she could, her face still flushed and said "You are a nice guy, Cliff. You know when to say just the right thing."

He continued to peel the duvet cover back to the end of the bed and found that both legs were similarly plastered from the foot as far as he could see until the plaster disappeared under the loose legs of her pyjamas.

"Good Lord, Jo," he murmured as he reached into his bag for the plastic sheeting "You HAVE made a good job of yourself!  How did all this happen?"

She grinned ruefully. "Skiing accident," she said, "On holiday in Val d'Isere with my daughter."

Cliff, who hadn't a clue where Val d'Isere was, turned away towards his bag, grinning to himself. 'Skiing on the continent,' he thought 'Well surprise, surprise'.

"I thought I was a better skier than I am," she continued. "I used to go skiing years ago with my husband but I must have lost the edge. Anyway I took a professional slope I shouldn't have attempted and ended up losing it. I broke both ankles and my one leg  when I went over on the skis and broke both arms when I hit a tree trying to save myself. The ground was icy and hard and I bounced down with some force." 

Cliff winced sympathetically and she smiled again. 

"It's a good job I'm well padded everywhere else," she added "just a few minor bruises which soon healed up."

Cliff tried to look impassive as he unrolled the plastic sheeting but his heart was racing and his cock once again stirred in his trousers. 'Well padded', he thought snatching a quick peek at her full breasts heaving beneath the pyjama top. Jesus, lady, you can say that again!

"OK," he said cheerfully,"lets get this show on the road.  Now is it safe to lift your legs?"

"Oh sure," the woman replied, "The plaster stops at my knee - but dont drop them will you!"

Clifford grinned and placed the roll of sheeting at the base of the bed. With a practised skill, he put one arm under the woman's knees and, taking a breath, lifted suddenly and her legs shot up in the air. With his other hand he swiftly rolled the sheeting under her legs as far as it would go to her bottom, then lowered her legs gently again.

He took the ties at the side of the plastic sheet and secured them to the bed frame.

"OK Jo," he said, " Now for the trickier bit. I'm going to take your pillow away and then slide you down the bed a little so you are lying flat, OK?"

She nodded, her face still pink and anxious.

"That's the easy bit. Then I need you to help me. I'm going to put my arm under your lower back to support you and I want you to lift your bum up off the bed. Can you do that?"

She blushed and then smiled at his easy informality and nodded. He removed the pillow and then held her under her thighs and pulled very gently so that she slid down the bed. He walked round and put his arm under her lower back then bent over the bed so his other hand could reach the roll of plastic. This operation needed to be accomplished quickly and without undue stress as it was easy for the nurse to pull a back muscle or even slip a disc.

"Ready, Jo," he said and she nodded. "OK..NOW!" and as he levered the small of her back, so she forced her bottom as high as she could and, still holding her steady with one hand, inched forward and rolled the sheeting under the woman's buttocks very quickly then indicated that she could lower herself again. He was breathing quite hard because that was a strenuous task but now the worst was over.

"OK, he said "now for the last bit. I need you to sit up as I lift your back and then I can push the rest of the sheet to the top of the bed. Wasn't so hard now was it!"

She grinned self consciously at the pleasant young man who had suddenly cheered her up, forgetting for an instant the embarrassment she would shortly have to face.

"Not difficult for me,no. You are very strong." she said quietly.

He sat her up and then rolled the rest of the sheet to the top of the bed and secured it.

"Now we can start." he said and, once more he saw the look of tension in her face.

"Lets do the simple things first," he said easily "and wash your face. I can do that - as you are. Now let's sit you up again"

He rolled up the duvet and used it as a giant bolster as he helped her to sit up again in bed and put the duvet behind her back as a support.

He asked for directions to the bathroom and returned a minute or so later with a small plastic bowl full of warm water, a cloth and some soap. He leaned forward and began to rub the soapy cloth around her forehead and over her cheeks. She closed her eyes as some of the soap ran into her eye but he gently wiped it away. She remained still, her eyes closed, as his soft firm hand continued to soap her face with the cloth, then he dipped the cloth in the bowl, rinsed it through,  and gently wiped all the soap away. He was so gentle, so considerate and she began to drift almost into a light sleep. Then she felt his fingers gently rustling through her hair and it felt so nice, almost sexy, yet there was no suggestiveness in the manner of his touch. She began to feel tingly and hot.

"Your hair is in beautiful condition," he said admiringly, " I don't need to shampoo you. Does your daughter wash your hair?" 

"Yes-yes she does," she stuttered, blushing and ashamed of some of the thoughts going through her head. 

"OK" Cliff said with a smile, "that's your face and neck done. Now we'll do your top half."

She coloured up again at the thought but gave him a brave smile for there was nothing in his manner which suggested any familiarity. Just a nice young man doing his job.

Cliff smiled warmly and said, "OK Jo, now if you can just put your hands down by your sides I can get your pyjama jacket off. Don't try to help me or twist your arms or you may hurt yourself. There is a knack to doing this and I'll be very quick."

Her face was tinged with a deep pink glow as she smiled shyly and put her arms down. She knew that he was now going to undress her and it was apparent how excruciatingly embarrassing that was for her. For Cliff the knowledge added to the piquancy of the situation - that this elegant well heeled white woman was now about to bare her breasts for him.  His cock was rubbing stiffly against his underwear as he reached out to the buttons of her pyjama jacket. 

Careful not to touch her, Cliff undid the six buttons of her jacket and gently peeled the jacket back to her shoulders. Her face was flushed and she was looking over his shoulder, not wanting to meet his eyes. In that split second of revelation, Cliff could hardly restrain a whistle of appreciation. Her breasts were full and firm, like giant cantaloupes, hardly any suggestion of sag, the firm white flesh of each breast crowned with large coral tipped nipples, the aureolae surrounding each one patterned with tiny blue veins which added to the impression of sensitivity to touch. They must be D cups, Cliff guessed, and he had an almost irresistible desire to reach out and cover one of those globes with his large hand stroking and massaging the nipple to arousal.

Instead he stared clearly and professionally at the area exposed, without a hint of sexual appreciation, as he had been trained to do, rather than look away or feign any embarrassment, for such coyness conveyed itself to the client and made her anxieties worse. She would have to get used to him seeing her breasts and much more so that kind of modesty needed to be disposed of from the start. He slipped the jacket down gently over the plastered lower arms and off as she sat still and obediently, swallowing hard.

Immediately, without lingering, he reached for the bowl of water, dampened the cloth and applied some soap. Turning back he smiled at her warmly and gently began to rub the wash cloth over the upper part of her breasts. 

"How is the water, Jo?" he asked, "Warm enough? Not too hot?"

"No, that's fine." she said her eyes still staring somewhere over his shoulder, her face pink and warm. He rubbed over the whole surface of her breasts, making sure that the area where breast met ribcage was fully cleaned, then he moved back to her shoulders. The feel of those large warm globes was like a jolt of electricity through his hand and his penis was rubbing painfully against his underwear.

All the time he was talking to her, trained to take a nervous and embarrassed client's mind from the experience. This would not be necessary by the third or fourth visit but the first time of exposure was often a traumatic experience, particularly for women.

"Do you always go on holiday with your daughter?" he enquired as he rubbed the cloth around her chest and shoulders.

"Oh no," she replied quickly, obviously glad of some diversion, "this was kind of a healing process." She laughed but with some bitterness. "There's an irony for you. My husband and I divorced last year and my daughter was caught up in the whole mess. It was too much for her and she left - got a place of her own. She was so bitter with us both and the holiday was kind of a reconciliation. She has been so good since the accident. It's been a bit lonely since she moved out and -" she giggled with embarrassment "- oh you don't want to hear all this."

He pushed her gently further forward, watching the large breasts hang gently down and quiver slightly as his throat dried. He moistened the cloth with soap again and began to soap her back.

"Oh I'm a good listener, Jo," he said warmly, "that's one of the things we are taught to be, doing a job like this. Now let's wash that soap off. I'll get some clean water"

He got up abruptly and walked to the bathroom, his heart racing and his cock painfully jabbing into his underpants. Closing the door, he first took off his trousers and then his underpants, glad to give his rock hard erection some room, then he replaced the thin cotton trousers, stuffing his pants into the pocket. He washed his hands and changed the water then walked back to where she was sitting upright, those magnificent breasts almost a challenge to his manhood. He hoped desperately that she hadn't noticed the outline of his penis now straining, unencumbered by underwear, against the thin cotton of his trousers.

If she had noticed she gave no indication but as he dampened the cloth, leaned over and began to clean the soap from her breasts, she no longer looked away but up into his eyes, her face glowing but a kind of serene acceptance had replaced the hapless embarrassment.

"Is the water OK, Jo?" he asked and she smiled.

"It's a little warmer but it's fine." she said. He gently washed the whole area of her shoulders, breasts and upper abdomen before pushing her gently forward again to repeat the process with her back. His heart began to race again for it was obvious, and she knew it, that those firm fleshy nipples had erected during the washing process and now stuck out hard, firm and blood red. Her face was flushed. He continued to chat amiably as he washed her back and then put the wash cloth back in the bowl.

"OK now let's dry you off," he said and picked up the bath towel. He began to gently but firmly rub the area of her shoulders and then down over those large breasts. The pleasure in rubbing those firm globes was almost more than he could bear and he tried to look non committal and dispassionate as he dried the area.

"There's a lot to dry off!" she said shyly and he grinned, realising this was just her way of coping with the embarrassment, for her breasts were obviously experiencing some reaction to his touch.  He took the towel away and the nipples were really rock hard now. He towelled her back and then picked up the pyjama jacket and gently eased it back onto her body, first the left arm then he draped the jacket over her back and did the same with the right arm.

"How does that feel, Jo? A bit fresher I bet!" he said with a smile.

"Lovely Cliff" she said warmly and unambiguously "I feel much cleaner."

"OK," he said, "now we'll do the bottom half. Now there is a procedure we follow for this and I need to explain to you before we start."

She coloured up slightly again but nodded.

"Nursing procedure, when washing the lower part of the body, is to wash the legs and feet first and the abdomen," he paused "and then, for reasons of hygiene, finally to wash the private parts."

She blushed brightly and said 'Yes of course"

Hastily he moved on. "The normal procedure is to wash the legs while the patient is flat and then turn her on her side in order to wash the genitals and the anus.." her face was bright red now "...but I am worried about doing this, Jo, given that you have injuries to both legs. It puts too much pressure on the lower leg and I'm not happy about it."

"So what is the alternative?" she asked quietly.

"Well I am telling you this because you may wish to wait until a female nurse is available," he said, then quickly "though of course you should be washed properly every day.  It's not the most dignified of postures, Jo, but it does take the weight off those legs. The best method for your situation is if I used that rolled up duvet which you are now resting on as a raised pivot. That I turn you over and position you face down with your tummy resting on the duvet. That way you can take the weight on your knees and the areas will be easily accessible."

Her mouth dropped open. "That's so - revealing!" she gasped. "Can't you - can't you -" then she coughed self consciously and stared at him, her eyes wide with surprise and embarrassment .

"That's why I thought I should explain, " Cliff stammered awkwardly,hoping desperately his apparent honesty would win the day and she would not chicken out " but I can quite understand if -"

"Cliff," she said softly, "Do what you have to do. I'm sure I'll survive."

His heart jumped with delight. It was incredible how much twenty minutes of intimate proximity had changed her degree of comfort with him. Cliff had always had a way with women but this one was a different kind of challenge.

"OK you can stay sitting up for the moment," he said in a matter-of-fact manner, hoping his voice was steady, "and I'll take your pants off!"

She mumbled something incoherent and he leaned forward and undid the two retaining buttons at her waist, then slid the pyjama trousers down her legs and off. The thick plaster covered her legs up to the knee and then his eyes travelled up two shapely plump thighs to where the the harness, like a pair of rubber panties with an extending tube, covered her genital area.

With a quick reassuring smile he bent down to check where the tube led,and that there was no danger of him knocking something over, and discovered that the tube led to a large plastic container about a third full of her urine. He stood up again and realised that she was once again blushing deeply. He squeezed her shoulder reassuringly and undid the two restraining straps at ther hips and gently eased the harness away from her body. He turned it in his hands so that the interior of the harness was uppermost, anxious that no spots of urine dripped out before he placed it on a length of paper towelling. 

He glanced at the device and frowned before placing it on the towelling and returning to his patient. She sat still, her eyes wide, her face crimson as he looked down at her now exposed crotch. She had a luxuriant growth of pubic hair but at present her legs were together and he couldn't see much more. His clinical concerns returned to the fore as he donned a pair of latex gloves and began to brush his fingers through the thick hair.

He paused and looked at her. "I need to briefly examine your labia, Jo" he said softly and she gasped with surprise as he gently lifted her legs and slid them apart. Her cunt was exposed and he tried not to swallow hard as he gently ran his gloved fingers around the fleshy lips. He smiled reassuringly and then stopped his brief exploration.

"Did your daughter fit that harness, Jo" he asked, and she nodded, blushing madly.

"I'm afraid she didn't read the instructions too well," he said. "Inside the area of the harness where the area cups around your opening, she should have fitted some absorbent pads which come in packs of ten from any pharmacy. Those should be replaced each morning and evening. What happens is not all the urine escapes down the tube and some liquid is sealed inside the rubber without the removable pads.

"I would guess you are suffering a little itchiness and discomfort down there, " he said gently, "would I be right?"

"Y-yes" she said faintly, "I thought it was just the rubber irritating the skin."

"No, you have got a uric acid rash," he said, "and really that needs to be treated or it will become very sore. I have some cream in my bag which will serve the purpose. It is for general bed sores but it will be effective."

"Thank you, Cliff," she said quietly, "what would I do without you?"

He paused. "The thing is, Jo, that in order for this cream to work properly I need to shave you - all of it needs to come off. You have a very full growth of pubic hair and skin rashes thrive on that I'm afraid."

She stared at him, eyes wide. "Oh my God!" she said faintly.

"I could just wash you if you'd rather and leave instructions for your daughter." he offered tactfully and she shook her head.

"In for a penny in for a pound," she said bravely, then "Oh my God, I never believed I could ever expose myself like this in front of a man!"

I didn't either, Cliff thought, blessing his good fortune, his cock swelling again at the prospect in hand.

He left the room and returned with the small bowl full of fresh warm water, then reached down into his medical bag and produced a pack of sealed plastic razors and an aerosol can of foam.

"Right," he said cheefully, "I think it would be better if I laid you flat before I start" and then realised the double-entendre, as did she for she smiled and blushed again.  Cliff made a mental note of how comfortable with him she was beginning to feel and he was delighted. Seizing her hips, he pulled her gently down the bed and then eased the duvet from behind her.

Putting a hand on each knee, above the plaster, he eased her legs apart until she was spread wide, one foot at each corner of the bed.

He looked down at her and his heart raced even faster. The lovely face with its soft, baby blue eyes and inviting mouth looking up at him, her fresh cheeks blushing with embarrassment, ash blonde hair swirling around her shoulders, the large breasts heaving with tension beneath her pyjama jacket and below the waist she was naked, her legs wide open displaying her cunt and its garland of thick pubic hair soon to protect its jewel no more. 

She was 42 but looked as appetising as a teenager about to lose her virginity - soft, trusting and vulnerable. By God she was beautiful!

Cliff felt like a king with this woman open and exposed to him. He was a God. He could do anything he wanted with her! 

He smiled reassuringly, leaned over her body and, very gently, began to apply some warm water over her entire pubic area. She lay still, her eyes staring at the ceiling, not wanting to look at him as he performed this task.  He picked up the aerosol can and shook it vigorously before removing the plastic top.

"Now this may sting a little, Jo" he said gently, "because it is a slight astringent and your skin is a little raw under the hair. It does act as an antiseptic though and you will soon get used to it."

She smiled bravely, then he squirted some of the foam onto his glove and gently began to rub it into her pubic region. He began at the top of her pubic triangle then worked his way down, rubbing softly until he reached the lips of her cunt. His gloved hand began to ease the cream into the hairs on both sides of her labia and then his finger extended beneath to the tender perineum.

He sensed her stiffen as he stroked her intimate areas and he glanced up to see that she had raised her bandaged arms to the side of her head as if trying to ward off evil spirits. He grinned to himself as he straightened up and removed one of the plastic razors from its paper housing.

"I won't hurt you, " he said softly, "so just relax and you'll be fine."

She murmured something incoherent, her eyes still fixed on the ceiling but her face was blushing furiously once more as he began to gently scrape the razor across the nest of pubic hair beginning again at the top of her triangle.  He scraped and wiped away the residue, every so often dipping the razor into the warm water to clean away the hairs. He had removed the hair from the base of her belly and the hairs that extended into her groin and was now left with the sensitive area immediately around her vagina. He looked with barely contained excitement at the prominent 'flaps' which guarded her tender pussy, now fully exposed with no thick bush of pubic hair to conceal them.

She knew too how exposed she was and he sensed her tremble as his left hand pulled the skin of her labia very gently so that he had a clear flat path of stretched skin from which to gently scrape away the last vestiges of her pubic hair.  He was soon done and washed the hair residue away with the cloth and stared at his handiwork.

His cock throbbed painfully. She lay there still, her cunt exposed and naked like a little girl's, her eyes still staring up at the ceiling, too embarrassed to meet his gaze.

"Right that's the delicate bit over for the time being " he smiled and bravely she returned the smile without looking at him as he picked up the towel and gently dried the area.

He took off the latex gloves, just for a moment, and returned them to their paper packet before fumbling around in his bag for the tube of ointment. Once found he donned the gloves once more and squeezed some ointment onto two fingers. He began to massage the ointment gently into the tender sore skin of her lower belly and her groin as she lay trembling gently every time his gloved hand touched her skin. Gently he rubbed and stroked the ointment into the skin, eventually reaching the folds of her labia where he gently ran the cream along the length of her external lips. He began to tense with excitement, his cock painfully rigid, as her body responded to his gentle minsitrations.

He heard her moan softly, almost in despair, as to his delight, her slit began to open and he was treated to the sight of her inner lips glistening with moisture. He heard her gasp as he rubbed the cream into the most tender external areas and her clitoris, hitherto concealed, emerged from its hiding place and began to swell, blood red with need.

She was virtually soaking now and they both knew it. The time for discretion was gone and it was now or never. He stood up and stared at her. She had brought her plastered arms across her face in hapless embarrassment and her head moved from side to side in a fury of arousal and shame.

"Jo, look at me," he said softly and she took her arms away and stared up into his face. She was red faced and her eyes were brimming with tears. Very slowly he took off the latex gloves, leaned forward and stroked her blonde curls.

"You are so beautiful," he said gently and he meant it.

His eyes never leaving her anguished face, he slowly pulled up his shirt and took it off. Now was the time she could finish his career and have him locked up if his gamble failed. Instead her eyes widened with shock and her mouth dropped open but she said nothing. He moved closer to the bed and, very slowly, unzipped his trousers and let them fall in a puddle to his feet. His slim, well muscled ebony body was naked and she gazed in wonder at the thick, jutting penis which stared her in the face.

She moaned and gasped, her mouth making incomprehensible mewing noises as he clambered up on the bed and gently stretched out between her parted thighs, careful not to put any weight on her injured limbs.

"Oh my God!" was all she said faintly, as he levered himself forward and found the well lubricated opening, his cock slipping into her with ease. He felt her cunt walls grip him tightly as he began to ease his buttocks back and forth, fucking her slowly and gently then, as she moaned softly, he increased his rhythm until he was pounding her cunt with some force. She put her injured arms around his back pulling him into her and they fucked like two wild animals. He undid her jacket and his hand caressed her breasts, his mouth taking one swollen nipple between his teeth as she screamed out in delight.

She hugged him as closely as she could as they coupled and she squealed and cried as he changed pace and rhythm, sometimes allowing his prick to just rub the lips of her cunt before forcing it home to the very depths.

At last he felt his climax arriving and , with supreme effort of will, he pulled out of her just in time and sprayed her belly with thick globs of milky white semen. He lay still, his flaccid penis now rubbing against her thigh, his hand softly caressing her breasts. He lay between her legs for some moments, neither of them saying a word

"Well now I do have something to tell my daughter when she asks 'How was the nursing service, Mum?'  " she said eventually, her voice high and on the edge of stunned mild hysteria, "Oh pretty boring, I can say, just what you'd expect - a young black stud who stripped me, washed me, shaved all my pubic hair off and then fucked my brains out before leaving!"

She looked into his eyes, tenderly. "You took advantage of me," she said softly. "I could have you fired for abusing a patient."

"You COULD have me arrested even," he said, stroking her breast softly and confidently, "but I don't think you're gonna do either."

She smiled, her face glowing with a mixture of arousal and shame.

"You're a cocky bastard, and now you'll have to wash me down there again" she whispered, "Is this a regular routine you use with needy ladies? You certainly have a very expert bedside manner. Were there really no female nurses available? "

He grinned. "Do you care?" he asked.

She blushed and stared him full in the face, no longer abashed and said.

"OK now I've seen your nursing skills at first hand, I'm impressed...and I want you back as my regular call. I'm not just going to be your middle class lay for the day."

He kissed her on the lips and grinned. 

"You won't be able to keep me away," he said gently, "anyway I haven't finished my job today yet. I still have to flip you over and do your arse - and I'm VERY creative!"

 



  



 



  



 



 




