Lindy climbs in bed with her big brother.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Experiment, Chapter 3 (mf, inc, mc, nc, impreg?, ScFi)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Lindy woke up, her voluptuous 16-year-old body covered in sweat. She was horny and scared. She usually used her body pillow to get off, but it hadn't worked, and she didn't know when the lockdown would be lifted. Her whole world was topsy-turvy!

She considered her sister Dot's drawer of sex toys. Could she perhaps borrow one of those for a while, she wondered? But no, she realized, looking at the time, her sister would be in her own room, sleeping.

Fear won out, and she put on her tight t-shirt over her panties and headed for Will's room. When she got scared, she'd slept with him, though they were much younger then. These were extenuating circumstances, though, she felt.

She knocked but there was no answer. "Will?" she called out as she pushed open his door. Only soft breathing answered her from the dark room. "I'm scared...is it okay if I sleep with you?"

"Mm hm," Will answered softly.

Smiling, she climbed onto his bed next to him. It was way too hot for the covers, and since it was so dark, she didn't notice his state of undress. "Thank you, big brother," she said as she lay next to him.

"Mm hm."

---

Lindy woke up feeling even hotter. Will had rolled over, making her the little spoon, with one of his arms draped over hers. "Oh, Will..." She tried to shrug him off, but his arm held her firmly. She tried to push him back with her butt and quickly realized that her big brother wasn't wearing any clothes when his hard cock slipped between her thighs. "Oh!"

On one hand, she was disturbed by the feel of her brother's erect penis where it shouldn't be. On the other, his shaft had slid along the gusset of her perpetually wet panties, and it had felt good! Her nipples perked up as her body reflexively prepared itself for sex. "Um, Will?"

"Mm hm," he murmured.

He's asleep, she realized; he's not trying to molest me! Not her big brother, her protector.

His stiff cock was still between her thighs, though. That slight contact through the fabric of her underwear had felt good, after all the sweaty, unsuccessful attempts to cum with her body pillow. She was no longer scared, and so horniness won out. She rolled her hips a little, causing the shaft of his penis to slide along her panty-covered pussy lips again, and moaned. Then she repeated the motion, and again.

She huffed, frustrated. It still wasn't enough! She reached down and gingerly angled his cock so that the head was pressing into the fabric covering the opening to her vagina. At that angle, if her underwear hadn't been there, her movements would have caused his member to slide right up inside her. Then she pushed herself downward, feeling the head of his fabric-covered dick press slightly into her. "Mmm...!" she moaned, and did it again.

It still wasn't enough! She lay there, contemplating her next step. She was desperate to cum! She reached down, pulled aside her panties, and felt the head of Will's cock nestle itself between her vaginal lips. She was torn...she was taking advantage of her brother, but she needed release! With him asleep, it was like using a dildo, right? she reasoned with herself as she moved her body down and felt the head of his cock slip into her well lubricated pussy. "Ohh yes..." she moaned. That little bit of her brother's cock penetrating her felt better than all of her recent attempts with the body pillow.

"Mmm..." Will moaned in his sleep as he gripped her tighter and pulled her downward, causing half of his cock to rush inside her.

"Mmn!" Lindy cried out into her fist. That felt so good! She rolled her hips, causing the head of her brother's hard cock to swirl around inside her. "Ohh..." Yes, this was what she needed, she realized as she continued to move, the danger of what she was doing far from her mind.

More, she thought, and she shuffled her body downward, feeling Will's cock slipping into her bit by bit. She continued rolling her hips. Her nipples were very hard, so she pulled up her shirt to massage them.

Will pushed up again and then he was all the way inside her! Lindy had never felt so full before, with a strange pressure that she didn't realize was the head of her brother's cock insistently pushing against the entrance to her womb.

"Ohmygodd..." she moaned softly, doing her best not to wake her brother. He seemed dead to the world, thankfully, but she didn't want to push her luck. She had no idea what he would do if he woke to find his cock inside his little sister! Considering how naughty she was being, she felt a wave of pleasure thrill through her...not an orgasm, but a hint of one to come. She continued to roll her hips and felt that wonderful cock slide around inside her.

This was good, but she was still missing something, and didn't know what it was. She took Will's hand and moved it to one of her breasts. It reflexively squeezed that large mammary and she moaned. Then she felt Will start to withdraw.

"Nooo..." she whispered softly, plaintively, but then he thrust back in. "...ooohhh...yesss..." Soon, his hips were instinctively thrusting into her, though lightly, as he continued to sleep. Lindy took the opportunity to play with her clit, since she didn't have to move as much anymore. It was very prominent, and she shook in pleasure as she strummed it while her brother's cock head tapped at the entrance to her womb.

It still wasn't enough! She was so close! Her breathing was ragged, and she was getting exhausted and overheated again. What was she missing?

"Urhh!" Will grunted into her ear, and he thrust deep inside her, the head of his cock pressing assertively into the teeny gap in her cervix. "Ughh!"

Lindy felt Will's cock throb and realized that her brother was cumming deep inside her unprotected pussy! She had no chance to pull away, though, as her orgasm, denied for hours, exploded from there, rushing through her body and paralyzing it as it shook in overwhelming pleasure at her first insemination. "N-uhh! N-ahhh!" she gasped, her tongue lolling out of her mouth as her vagina clamped down on her brother's cock in the strongest orgasm she had ever experienced, squeezing his pulsing member as it hosed her spasming cervix with his dangerous, sperm-filled semen. Spurt after spurt of incestuous babymaking cum battered the entrance to her fertile womb, her own orgasm forcing her cervical barrier to relent, allowing some of it to slip through.

"Oh God...oh Goddd..." Lindy gasped as her orgasm finally calmed down. What had she done? She might get pregnant from her own brother! Her last period had started about 2 weeks ago...stupid stupid stupid! She shrugged off his arm and pulled away, gasping as his deflating member slipped out of her. "No no no..." she whined as she ran into the bathroom, pulled down her semen-sodden undies, and sat on the toilet, trying to drip the dangerous sperm out of her.

After about 10 minutes and a pee, she flushed and went back to her room. Despite the danger of her situation, she was extremely tired after that incredible, body-wracking orgasm. She threw off her t-shirt and it joined her soaked panties on the floor. A few minutes later, she was dead to the world.

A few minutes after that, a small hiss announced the reintroduction of the chemical compound she had breathed in hours before. In Will's room, more of the same was pumped in. The experiment continued...

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)