Title: But I'll Make You Like It
Author: bobwhite
Summary: Kurt is finally free of Michelle's control... and that's not
an unmixed blessing.
Keywords: MC MD MM

But I'll Make You Like It
by bobwhite

                          * * * * * * * * * *

*Author's Note: Obviously, this is a departure for me, so I won't wast
your time saying so... starting now. Hearty thanks to Topaz172 for
looking this over and making a couple of great suggestions. Feedback
is welcome--email me or go to the MCForum; I want to how I did.
Enjoy!*

                          * * * * * * * * * *

I can usually feel it by the time I park my car, but not today. It's a
feeling I've never really gotten used to, this strange... well, to be
honest, I don't know how to describe it. It's like what a person feels
when he has to do something he really doesn't want to do, but has to
do... but it's much more powerful. And whatever it is, it keeps me
from remembering exactly why I don't like the feeling... try as I may,
I can never remember much about what happens at work when I go home, I
just remember this feeling. And when I got out of my car, I just knew
it was gone. I looked at my wristwatch, a cheap knock-off of the one
my hopefully former boss Michelle had taken from me.

"Seven forty-seven," I mumbled to myself. "She's always here by seven.
Hot fucking damn, the witch is dead... or fired or promoted; I don't
give a fuck." Talking to myself was about the only release for the
hell this job had been since the day I'd been hired. Some people might
think that working in a place with an attractive woman in every
management position would be heaven--I know I thought it would be.
Powerful women are just plain sexy, especially if they're wearing
glasses. Don't ask me why; that just always gets me.

But after the third week of starting my day on my knees, orally
pleasuring one Michelle Skacks, I started to wonder how much of what I
knew about my job was real. All I did was let her borrow my watch, and
I didn't have a chance to get it back that day. When I came to work
for my second day of orientation, I felt it. Once I got inside, with
nary a word, I went straight to Michelle's office; and before I knew
it, I was lapping at her pussy until my tongue was numb and my jaw was
sore. I, a happily married man, was her... what did she call it?
"Tongue slave?"

I didn't want to do it. I didn't like doing it. But I had to do it. I
couldn't even complain about it, because I'd have to talk to the
Angela, the Human Resources director... and she didn't shave her
snatch at all. That was like diving into a forest, tongue-first. I
would never make that mistake again.

My mind was totally engrossed with the memory of my first few days as
I walked through the front door and made my way to my desk. I still
didn't feel the pull of Michelle's will on my own, which meant that
the rumors were probably true--somehow, Michelle and Sara (her
assistant) had been fired. From what I heard over the weekend,
Michelle's replacement was a man, and Michelle had been escorted out
of the building so fast that she hadn't had time to gather her
personal belongings.

I had applied for the assistant job a few weeks ago when I'd first
heard that there might be a shake-up in my department. And when I sat
at my desk, I looked over to Michelle's door... and saw that her name
was no longer on it. I was so happy I nearly shouted! Now, I just had
to find a way to get in there and get my watch. The arrogant bitch had
let me know that her control over me was complete, but somehow it had
something to do with her wearing something that belonged to me... or
something like that. She guarded it closely, but she never took it
home.

I think she left it in her office every day because she knew I
couldn't get in the building before her (fucking security!), and she
loved to tempt me into saying something when I wasn't in her power
that she'd make me pay for when I was. I don't really know, though. In
any event, I had to get it back. No other men in the office ever made
any complaints about the obviously sexist promotion process to Human
Resources, so I had a feeling that Michelle and Angela weren't the
only supervisors who had a pen in whatever magic well they were using
to keep me (and presumably the other men) in check.

I guess I stared at the door too long, because when it opened, I
immediately caught the eye of a slender man in a charcoal gray suit.
This, apparently, was the man who had replaced Michelle and broken the
gender barrier at Slyman Billboards, L.L.C. He waved at me, and when I
continued to stare at him (stupidly, I might add--but hey, I had just
been set free from a spell), he approached my desk.

"Kurt Everitt?" he said, extending his hand. I took it without
thinking and shook it weakly.

"Uh... yeah, that's me," I replied, finally getting my senses about
me. 'Maybe he's going to interview me for the assistant job... or just
talk to me, ask me something, whatever... but if I can get in that
office, I bet I'll find my watch....'

"Well, I'm glad to meet you. Michelle told me you were the only man
who had applied for--"

Cold dread slammed into my chest as I blurted out, "Michelle *told*
you? I thought she was... you know, let go... her and her...
sidekick."

He smiled and said, "Uh, no. No, Michelle moved upstairs and Sara went
with her. Listen, I'm just getting settled in, but let's go ahead and
do your interview." He leaned down, letting me get a whiff of his
cologne (which I made a note to ask him about... it was pretty good
and my wife would love it on me). "It's really just a formality. I
like you; you had the balls to apply when you knew only women get
promoted here," he whispered.

I tried to say something, getting out only a stupid-sounding
"Uhhhh..."

He winked at me and motioned for me to follow him into the office. Out
loud, he said, "Until today. Come on, Kurt."

I got up and said, "OK, Mister... ?"

"Erickson. But call me Darren. Come on, let's do this."

Once in his office, I took a seat. It was the first time I'd actually
sat in a chair in that office since my first day, when I let Michelle
borrow my watch. (If I knew then what I knew now, I would have risked
not making a good impression with my new boss by being more stingy
with it.) I spent most of my time in this office on my knees, and they
almost hurt when I first walked in. But they sighed in relief when I
just sat down instead of kneeling.

Darren locked the door behind me, and when he was slowly walking to
the desk that was now his but still littered with dozens of personal
items that I knew to be Michelle's, I saw it. The early morning sun
shone through the window and played lightly on the white gold band of
the watch my wife bought me for our fifth anniversary--and which I had
told her had been stolen. There was no way I could tell my wife that
my boss had it... and what she made me do, which I only seemed able to
remember when I was at work.

I wanted to reach out and grab it. And I should have. But Darren was
sitting down, noticing how much attention I was paying to the item on
his desk.

"Yeah," he said, casually, "Michelle left a bunch of shit in here.
And, a lot of people's lost personal items, apparently... I stacked
them on this tray. I'll have to find out who all this shit belongs to.
Oh, pardon the language, but it's just us guys...."

"Uh, hey, whatever. I'm just... surprised they hired... you know..."

"A man?" he asked, amused at my stammering.

"Well, frankly, yes," I said, trying to maintain eye contact with him.
My eyes kept flashing down to my watch, though. 'What if she comes
back for it? Dammit, grab it now! And all this other stuff... there's
rings here... a few watches... cuff links? Look at all this! How many
people were under her control?' I asked myself while Darren was
talking.

"... and so, yeah, it was a surprise to me too. Hey, I notice you keep
eying this watch," he said. He picked it up and held it, studying it
with a smile on his face. "Do you know who it belongs to? It's really
nice. Whoever this belongs to probably really wants it back... hey,
that's white gold; you don't see that every day on a watch band!"

"Uhm... yeah, actually, I know. I... uh, lost it a while back. It has
an inscription on the back...."

Darren got up (still holding my watch) and walked to the side of my
chair. I looked up at him, again smelling his cologne. It was almost
intoxicating and I wondered if it'd be awkward if I asked him about
it. My wife has worn men's cologne before, and if she were wearing
this, she'd be guaranteed a good night. The smell alone was starting
to get me hard.

He read the back of the watch. "'To Kurt, Loving Husband of Five
Years.' Awww, that's sweet. You know, Kurt, Michelle told me to return
this to you, and since I'm going to hire you for the manager's
assistant job, I guess you'll need a good watch," he said, holding it
out to me.

I reached out slowly, not wanting to grab it too fast--if I were too
eager, he might ask some questions, and I didn't want to have to make
up something on the spot. I liked Darren already; there was no reason
to damage our working relationship--not when he'd just told me he was
going to give me the job I never thought I'd get.

Right before my hand touched it, though, he pulled his hand back. He
paced over to the wall, saying something about how he still had to
interview a few women for the position but that he definitely knew I
was right for the job. He verbally worked it out, talking to himself
while I kept my eyes glued to my watch. Thankfully, he was facing the
other direction. A few times, my eyes drifted over the back side of
his body--he was amazingly fit for an office employee.

'I bet he works out... damn, there's probably not an ounce of fat on
his body. I'll have to ask him how he manages that... once I get my
watch back. Focus here, Kurt.'

"Oh, I'm sorry... you're probably wanting this," he said, once again
holding it out to me. "Here ya go. Like I said, Michelle told me to
give this back to you. I'm supposed to return all this other stuff,
too."

I reached out, and even got my finger on the band before Darren pulled
his hand back again. I looked up at him--it was a deliberate motion,
not seemingly absent-minded like a moment ago. "Uh, Darren? My watch?"

"Yes, your watch," he said, with a strange tinge to his voice. "I'm
supposed to give it back to you, but unfortunately, Michelle also told
me what I can do with it."

He smiled. I had to admit, he has a great smile... and it was then
that I felt my eyes wandering down his tight body, stopping when I was
staring at his crotch. There was a lump there, and I couldn't help but
stare at it. My heart sped up and I felt myself get harder--I hoped he
didn't ask me to stand up, because I'd have to make an adjustment to
my underwear to have any hope of walking without giving away the fact
that I had a raging hard-on.

"What do you... oh God, are you... damn, I feel..." I said, trying to
describe what I was feeling. I thought, 'no... he's making you... oh
no, Kurt, he's making you want... him....' I reached out again, but
this time my target was right below his belt. My hand knew where to
go. I rubbed his rigid manhood through his pants while he spoke.

"You know," he said, "I got this job not because they needed to hire a
man--they could have hired a better qualified one than me; I'm honest
enough to admit that. No, they needed a guy who was just like them,
someone who would appreciate how things work here for managers. They
wanted me because I'm gay. To them, I'm just some guy who fucks guys,
so I must be 'just one of the girls.'"

I unbuckled his belt and dropped his trousers. He was wearing tight,
pink bikini underwear; briefly, I thought about how few men ever wore
that stuff to work. But, when I'd lowered his underwear, that thought
disappeared and I started jacking him off. He moaned a little, but
continued.

"But you know what, Kurt? I'm not one of the girls. I'm a man. Just
because I have sex with men, that doesn't make me less of a man. Do
you agree?"

I liked my lips and said, "No sir. Not at all."

"I'm glad you agree," he snickered as I licked the tip of his dick,
coating it with my spit as I continued to pump his shaft slowly but
firmly. "But, you obviously are in a bad position to disagree. Anyway,
like you, I've licked my share of pussy since I've been here. I had to
go home every night stinking of cunt juice, and they made me forget
why I stank of it whenever I wasn't at work. And no matter how much I
brushed my teeth or washed my face, I still tasted it. My boyfriend
never seemed to notice, but I did."

His cock felt great in my hand, and I couldn't wait for him to tell me
to suck him off. But, it was important for me to listen to him....

"And guess what? Since I'm 'just one of the girls,' they not only
promoted me, but they let me in on how they've been getting away with
what they're doing to us guys here. And it ends, starting today. They
really fucked up, Kurt. You see, not only did they tell me about how
they've been controlling us... they gave me my class ring back," he
said, grabbing the hand I was using to jack him off. I saw a polished
ring from a college I'd never heard of on his pinky finger.

"You mean...?" I asked as he stepped back, prompting me to kneel at
his feet.

"Yep. I'm in control of me now, not them. And you and I are going to
make some changes around here," he said.

A sudden desire for revenge against the women in charge of the company
mingled with the lust I felt for his cock, and the feeling was so
powerful that I quickly guided his dick into my waiting mouth. My lips
were slick and I used my tongue as a welcome mat. My own member
strained in my pants, throbbing with arousal.

I knew he was guiding me, but it didn't matter. I was an instant
expert; with Michelle, I had to learn how to do it right--and she was
particular. But here I was, sliding my tongue around his cock and
flicking the tip quickly before plunging him down my throat as far as
I could take it. And I took it like a pro! His balls were on my chin
and I didn't even feel close to gagging.

"Mmmmm, yeah, not bad, Kurt. You're as good as I am," he groaned. I
felt his hands grab two handfuls of my hair, and before I knew it, he
was holding my head still as he slowly humped my mouth. "Kurt, the
first thing you're going to do when you get out of here is return the
items on the desk to their rightful owners." He was picking up speed
as he said this, and I felt his head start to throb in my mouth. I
also got my first taste of his pre-cum, and it made me hope he'd cum
in my mouth and not on my face.

"Then," he said a moment later, "I'm sending you on a scavenger hunt.
Your first item will be upstairs... in the office of our esteemed
president, Ms. Wanda Williams." By the time he finished that sentence,
he was fucking my face in earnest. I reached up and played lightly
with his balls, hoping I could get him off quickly. I needed his cum.
It was all I could think about.

"I hope you don't mind our little arrangement, Kurt," he said,
starting to pant. "I know you're straight and I know you'll be
straight when you go home... but when you're here, you're my little
bitch."

I understood his words, even though I didn't really hear them. All of
my attention was on his cock in my mouth... he was fucking my face
pretty fast, and all I wanted was to swallow his cum.

"But...," he said, pausing as his climax finally neared, "... I
promise to... make it... worth... your while... ungh!!"

He exploded in my mouth. White-hot ropes of his jizz coated the inside
of my mouth like warm tapioca pudding. I left his spasming dick in my
mouth while I came in my pants. When we'd both recovered a little, he
let go of my head and I slowly backed off of his prick, using my lips
to squeeze out any last drops of cum he might have had left in his
shaft. With an audible gulp, I swallowed the first mouthful of semen
I'd ever let a man blow into my mouth... or anywhere on or in me, for
that matter. After I swallowed, I started to lick him clean--I didn't
want him sticking to his underwear, after all.

"Damn Kurt, you're a natural," he said, his words a little ragged from
the massive orgasm I'd just given him... and myself.

"I have a great teacher, Darren," I said between licks. "But, how are
you going to make this worth my while? I'm only doing this because
you're making me do it...." My words were cut short by my own
realization of how he was going to repay me for my "services."

With Michelle, and even that bitch in HR, I was just a puppet--a toy,
an unwilling participant, and helpless to resist. He finished my
thought.

"Yes, I'm making you do it," he said, slapping his softening dick
against my cheek. "But, I'll do something they never did for us. I'm
going to make you like it. I'm sure you breeders didn't hate your
treatment as much as I did, but from what I gather none of the cunts
here even gave a thought to our enjoyment. I think they got off on
letting us hate what we were doing. It's time the men here had their
day in the sun."

That excited me. Even though I'd just creamed my pants, I felt myself
getting hard again just thinking about what he was going to make me
do. I hoped he'd take my ass... ooooh, that was just so fucking
dirty...

"You'd better go and try to clean up, Kurt. Oh, and just like
Michelle, I'm not going to let you quit your job--to do that you have
to talk to someone here, and we both know who's in charge of you here,
don't we?"

I stood up carefully, looking at the wet spot in my pants. Smiling, I
said, "I sure do."

He pulled his pants up and came up to me, putting his hand right on my
erection. "Good, and don't forget it. Now, it's time for a little
turn-around. At lunch, go to Ms. Williams's office. You should be able
to find something in there to bring back to me. They have no idea that
I'm not on their side," he said, squeezing me through my pants.

He leaned in, putting his mouth right next to my ear. I was lost in
the scent of his cologne again, but I heard him say, "... and when I
have control of Wanda, the rest will fall... I'll even let you pick
some hot guy for your own personal use. How would you like that?"

I came in response. 'Twice, in ten minutes?' I thought. Finding my
voice, I said, "I would like that a lot. Damn, I'd love to Seth in
accounting licking my balls...."

"And I'll make it happen. All in due time--"

"Just tell me one thing," I said, interrupting him.

"Sure," he responded.

"Do I still get to blow you?" I asked, hoping he wouldn't get tired of
using me. I'd ask about anal later.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

(c) 2005, bobwhite.  All rights reserved.  All wrongs also reserved.
