Faith and Charity.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle, Chapter 33 (mF, mc, nc, oral, impreg?, viol)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

17 years ago...

Life was good for John. He had been having hot, steamy sex with 18-year-old, leggy blonde Maureen for the past few days. He knew he'd have to move on soon, before she lost interest in him, as had happened with the others.

He was strolling through a parking lot on the way to McDonald's for lunch when he heard a male voice from behind him, "This the guy, babe?"

"Yeah, that's him," a young woman replied.

John turned and then someone punched him hard in the gut! He fell to his knees, and then another punch, this time across his jaw, knocked him to the concrete.

"That enough?" the guy asked.

"No," John heard her reply, and then he felt a kick right between his legs. Agony exploded from his testicles. He screamed and tried to cover his junk. The next kick broke his finger and barely diminished the impact. He threw up his breakfast.

Finally, he was able to open his eyes and see the Doc Martens on the woman's feet. No wonder the kicks had hurt so much, he realized. He looked up her black tights-clad legs to her black skirt and black top straining over her sizable gut, and finally to her pierced, made-up goth face. "Kayla?!" he moaned. He hadn't seen her in months. "When did you get so fat?"

Her face contorted in rage and she kicked him between the legs again. This time, he passed out.

When he woke, he was in the hospital. Kayla had seriously damaged his testicles. It took him weeks before he could ejaculate again, and once he got out of the hospital, he got the hell out of town, vowing never to stay too long in one place. He didn't even say goodbye to Maureen.

---

Now...

"Ohh..." John moaned.

"Johnny! You're awake! Oh, I mean John."

In her excitement, the woman's voice sounded younger, and now he recognized it. "Sister Allison?" He opened his eyes. Before him was an older woman, but of course Sister Allison had always been 5 years older than him, and it had been 17 years since he had last seen her.

She had gained some weight, a lot of it in her breasts, he noticed, but she was still pretty.

"I haven't been a novitiate for a long time, John; it's just Allison." She moved forward to put another pillow under his head so that he could sit up a little.

He groaned at the tenderness in his stomach muscles and looked down. His midsection was wrapped in bandages. He still felt guilty, as their sexual relationship so long ago was what caused her to be kicked out of the church. "I'm sorry for what I did to you, Allison. Did you save me?" he asked, gesturing to the bandages.

"Don't be sorry!" she exclaimed as she stroked his cheek. "You gave me Faith and Charity, and once I left the church, I studied to be a trauma nurse, so I had the knowledge to help you when you got shot. He works in mysterious ways." She looked up at the ceiling.

"I gave you faith and charity? I don't understand."

She turned to the door. "I know you're there; come in."

Two identical but plain blonde girls of about 16 years of age, in knee-length floral dresses, entered. One looked sheepish, while the other examined his face, fascinated.

"John, these are your daughters, Faith and Charity. Girls, this is your Daddy."

---

"Well, this is nice...you don't have a roommate?" JJ asked, looking around Joanne's small dorm room.

"Nope! My parents do pretty well for themselves, so they got me my own room. Oh, I'd better let them know I'm okay. Why don't you go have a shower?" She gave him a towel and an outfit consisting of a University of Toronto t-shirt and sweatpants before she pulled out her phone.

The men's showers were at the far end of the dorm. After he got back, all squeaky clean, Joanne came in a few minutes later, her hair wet from her own shower.

She stepped close. "Sniff! Ah, much better." Then she blinked and swayed. "Wow, you weren't kidding about those pheromones! JJ, why don't you get on my bed and we'll have a little fun?"

He could see Joanne's pupils had become very dark. She hadn't been as reactive to his pheromones at first, but clearly something had changed. Was she more fertile now? He still didn't know how it worked.

"Umm...do you have condoms?" he asked as she pushed him back onto her bed.

She started pulling down his sweatpants. "I'll just go get a 'morning after' pill later. C'mon, help a gal out here..."

As she pulled her own top off, freeing her nice C-cup breasts, JJ stopped hesitating. Joanne had killed Renette, the last of the French Canadian terrorists that had held them prisoner, and he owed her, even if he didn't understand how she could have done something like that.

"Oh, my nipples are so hard and sensitive! Is that a side effect too?" she asked as she started to lightly pinch them.

JJ pulled his top off, fascinated. "Mm, dunno."

"Well, why don't you suck on one, you hot fuckboy?" And then she shoved one of her hard pink nipples into his mouth. He immediately began to suck and lick. "Ohh yesss..." she moaned.

Joanne pulled her boob free and in a flash, her sweatpants were off. "I gotta get that cock in me..." she growled as she pushed JJ back and leapt upon him. Her wet pussy made penetration easy once both sexual organs were lined up. "Uhhn...ohh woww...it's been a few months..." She looked down at him with undisguised lust and shoved one of her nipples back into his mouth.

Soon, his mouth and cock brought her to her release. "Oh...ohh...OH!" She slammed her body down on him and held still as her internal muscles massaged his member. He almost came, but wanted to give her at least one more orgasm before he got there, so he gritted his teeth and held off.

She dismounted and fell to the side, shaking. "So good..." she moaned.

JJ jumped between her legs and moved his mouth to her pussy.

"Oh, you don't have to..." she began, but then his tongue dipped between her vaginal lips. "Ohhh, okayy...that's niiice..." She lay back, her eyes closed, as JJ used what Marti had taught him. "Ohh, JJ..." she moaned.

When he brought her to a second orgasm, he moved up and slipped his incredibly hard cock back inside her.

"Yes!" she cried out before he glommed his mouth to hers. They shared their first kiss as his delayed orgasm blasted through his loins and splattered her fertile insides, his seminal hormones roaring through her wanton body, combining with the ones she had been breathing in, the resulting compound hormone electrifying the pleasure center of her brain. "MMMF!" she gasped into his mouth as her body stiffened and shuddered under the orgasmic onslaught. Her cervix spasmed open, allowing several spurts of his dangerous cum to slip inside her unprotected womb.

After she stopped vibrating, JJ rolled to the side, breathing heavily.

"Holy...fuck..." Joanne sighed. "I don't think I've ever felt this good before, and certainly not off my meds. You should bottle that shit."

JJ frowned. Marti had done exactly that, and now she might have impregnated dozens of women at her school and around town with his sperm!

Joanne noticed his change of mood. "You okay?"

"Yeah, just...make sure you go get that pill, please."

She calmed her breathing and started feeling tired. "Yeah, no problem, JJhh...snoore..." As sleep claimed her, her brain cleared the last few minutes from her short-term memory, most notably about the 'morning after' pill. Joanne slept as JJ's sperm soaked into her cervix, and the ones that had already made it through searched tirelessly for her defenseless egg.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)