Round two with Rayanne.

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Power of Porn, Chapter 6 (MF, cons, creampie, inc, mc, oral, impreg?)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

My name's Wade. My Dad died, and I spent the next two weeks watching non-stop porn videos online, losing myself in Internet depravity until I was offered the Power of Porn. Now, the most bizarre sexual situations happen to me, as if I was living in a porno!

On the first day, I lost my virginity to my little stepsister, a shoplifter fucked me so that I wouldn't call the cops on her, and then my stepmother had sex with me so that she would get pregnant. On the second day, time stopped at school and I had some fun fucking frozen girls in the change room.

---

Nobody was home when I returned from school. After the weird extended day I had due to the timestop scenario, I was pretty tired, so I went to have a nap.

*Bow-chicka-wow-wow!*

I opened my eyes, startled awake by the porn theme. That was it! That melody had been in an old porn movie I had seen that had been converted from videotape to digital. The porno had played that theme before every sexy scenario, just like what was happening to me.

My bedroom door opened and my stepmother Rayanne stepped in, clad in a sheer nightgown that barely hid her womanly attributes. "Ah, you're awake, just in time," she purred as she padded over to my bed. "I sent the girls out to a movie, so we have some time alone." She unzipped my pants, pulled them down as I raised my butt, and took my rising cock into her mouth.

I moaned. My stepmother was definitely the best at sucking cock, though I only had that shoplifting girl as comparison.

She pulled back. "Hmm...have you been fucking someone else? I'm detecting hints of pussy."

"Something...happened at school," I informed her.

She gave me a grin. "Well, as long as you give me what I want, you can fuck whoever you want, Wade." Then she took me into her mouth again. Once she seemed satisfied with my hardness, she pulled off her panties and clambered astride me, rubbing her prominent pussy lips along my shaft and making us both gasp.

I could make out the shape of my MILF-y stepmother's body through the diaphanous fabric, but that was about it. "Take...take that off," I implored her, and she grinned as she pulled off the nightie to reveal her robust femininity. "Yeah..." I sighed.

Rayanne reached down, angled my cock up, and sank her hot wetness down upon it, making us both groan. "Oh, Jesus..." she moaned, "did you get bigger?"

I didn't know, but resolved to check later.

She settled fully upon my erection and shook in pleasure as she looked down at me with soft eyes. "Ooh, bigger is better...less distance for your little spermies to go to accomplish their mission." She moved her hips forward and back, swirling my cock inside her. "Ouhh..."

She leaned forward and I took one of her sizable nipples into my mouth.

"Yesss Wade...your baby's going to suck on me juuust like that in 9 months. Suck Mommy's tits, baby..."

I did, and switched to the other one before lightly nibbling on it. I felt her pussy grip me.

"Unhh! Oh, so naughty, Wade..." She shook in pleasure as she came, and moved faster upon my cock. After she recovered, she dislodged my mouth and moved forward to kiss me.

Damn if this woman wasn't the best kisser! Not that I had any basis of comparison...while I'd had sex with a number of girls over the last few days, I'd only ever kissed my stepmother on the mouth, as weird as that seemed. Kissing Parvati earlier that day didn't count, as the girl had been timestopped. Our tongues danced as my stepmother moved faster upon me. I moved my hands to her womanly hips, urging her to go faster, harder.

She pulled back. "I feel you twitching, Wade...you getting ready to put a bun into my hot little oven?" She slammed her hips down upon me. "C'mon, my good little-- BIG boy...give Mommy what she wants...give it to me...give it...to meee...."

I couldn't take it any more, and cried out as her body practically sucked the sperm out of my balls. "Au-hh! U-huhh!"

"Yesss!" she moaned as she felt my hot cum fill her up, and then her pussy squeezed my cock as she came again. "Give...meee...your...babyyy! Uh! Uhhuhhuhh!" Her mouth hung open as my sperm blasted her unprotected insides, and I could feel her vagina urging me to give her all that I could give.

Finally, she collapsed upon me and kissed my neck. "Such...a gooood boy..." she moaned as her body continued to shake in afterorgasms.

After a bit, she pulled off with a moan and rolled onto her back beside me. "Pillow," she asked, hand outstretched, and after I handed it over, she placed it under her hips to elevate them. "Gotta let your little guys soak into my cervix," she explained.

---

At some point we must have both fallen asleep. I woke up next to her and took a moment to admire the swell of her breasts, the curve of her hips, and the beauty of her face. My Dad had really scored a gorgeous MILF.

She opened her eyes and saw me looking. "I've heard that if a woman orgasms with sperm inside her, it increases the chance of conception. You think you can use some of the skills I taught you with Ella to do that?"

I looked down at her wet pussy. "You mean...lick you while all my stuff's in there?"

"Mm hm."

I moved down between her legs and considered it. I couldn't see any sperm, but how far inside her was it by now? I didn't want to lick and get a creamy surprise!

"Get in there, my good boy..." she urged me.

I moved forward and licked at Rayanne's prominent clit.

"Mmm..." she moaned.

Emboldened, I continued to lick at it.

"Lower," she urged me.

I licked along Rayanne's prominent pussy lips, but hesitated before going...

"Deeper."

I took a breath, stuck my tongue into her pussy, and swirled it around. It was definitely wet in there, but holding my breath, I wouldn't taste my stuff.

"Ohh yes..." she moaned.

After I couldn't hold my breath anymore, I swallowed and moved back to her clit while inserting a couple of fingers into her pussy. Why hadn't I thought about doing that before? The combination seemed to work, and I saw Rayanne massaging her boobs, her eyes closed, as she came again.

"Uhuuhh! O-hhh!" Her pelvis thrust up into my fingers as I continued to lick her clit. Finally, her orgasm complete, she looked at me with half-lidded eyes. Then her gaze went south. "Ohh, are you able to go again? Youth..."

My cock had recovered from seeing my sexy stepmother orgasm. I was surprised, given how many times that I had cum during the timestop scenario earlier that day.

I had just inserted my cock inside Rayanne's spermy insides when we heard her daughters call out from the front door.

"Helloo!?"

"Shit!" she hissed. "Get off! I gotta get back to my room."

I half-considered just going for broke, but didn't see any way that we wouldn't be found out. I pulled out and she scrambled to grab her lingerie before slipping out my bedroom door. She did take a moment to blow me a kiss before it closed, though.

I checked, and sure enough, my cock had grown to a full 7 inches. This dream was great!

---

Rayanne was able to change into some clothes in record time, and we had a late dinner. I noticed Tanya, my elder stepsister, glancing back and forth between her younger sister and mother at the looks they were both giving me now, her brows knitted in confusion. "Anything weird happen today?" she asked us all.

"Nope," both Rayanne and I innocently responded. Ella shook her head.

Tanya harrumphed.

At bedtime, I wondered if Rayanne might come back for seconds, but by then I was pretty tired. This dream just kept going and going. Once again wondering how I could fall asleep within a dream, I had a terrible thought:

What if it wasn't a dream?

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)