https://www.patreon.com/jamesmarcus

Chapter 9: Complications.

      Andrew lay in his bed staring at the ceiling as he tossed a baseball into the air and caught it repeatedly. What was happening to him? He could not wrap his mind around it. Four days ago he woke up in a hospital bed after being in a coma. That same day he somehow enslaved his younger sister when he kissed her, and then she gave him his first blow job and swallowed his cum. The next day he enslaved his best friends mother with a kiss, and then had vaginal and anal sex with her in her shower. Two days later he enslaved his Chemistry teacher and fucked her on her desk after school. Then there was the way all the rest of the girls and female teachers were acting towards him, especially his older sister Erin. His thoughts were interrupted by a knock on his door. Yes?
      
      His older sister walked into the room wearing her scout uniform. Andrew, good, I am glad youre still up, can I come in? 
      
      Andrew caught the ball in his right hand and sat up on the bed. Sure. Whats up? He asked
      
      Erin sat on the bed next to Andrew her hands subconsciously adjusting the skirt of her scout uniform as she did so. I wanted to talk about what happened today at the bus stop.
      
      Andrew flinched at the mention of the bus stop incident; it was a very uncomfortable yet pleasurable experience. What about it?
      
      Erin smiled at Andrew as she lay her hand on his knee, her legs unconsciously spread, revealing the light pink panties under her skirt. I wanted to apologize for my actions, I have no idea what came over me. Becky and I discussed it at the meeting and we are sorry. I am sure it made you very uncomfortable and I am sorry. I love you, and I guess I got caught up in the moment. I just got so upset when I saw Brad hurting you, I had to jump in and help. Then Brittney started flirting with you and I dont know, I guess I got jealous Erin said and then stopped abruptly as she found herself at a loss for words. Then she found that she had one hand rubbing his inner thigh while the other slipped under her skirt. She quickly pulled her hands away as her face turned red. I am so sorry I dont know what She stammered as she stood up, adjusted her skirt, and headed for the door.
      
      Andrew frowned as his sister went to leave the room. He jumped from the bed too follow her. Erin wait. He yelled.
      
      Erin stopped and turned to face him, tears forming in her eyes. Andrew Im so sorry. I dont understand what is wrong with me, youre my brother I shouldnt be acting this way. She said as Andrew walked up to her.
      
      Erin, its ok, I dont understand all of what is going on, but I dont think it is you. Something happened when I got hurt, I dont know what but youre not the only girl who has been acting weird. I am sure you heard the rumors about the weird stuff that happened today? He said as he stood in front of her looking into her beautiful blue eyes. He brought his hand up and ran his fingers through her long honey blond hair.
      
      He pulled her into a tight embrace and held her as she started to cry. I heard things but I did not want to believe them. I yelled at anyone who repeated them at first, but then everyone was talking about it and Oh Andy what is going on? She asked as she wrapped her arms around him and continued to cry against his shoulder.
      
      Andrew held his sister and comforted her. As they stood in the doorway holding each other close Andrew looked over his shoulder and noticed Lacy standing in the hall wearing her night clothes, Lacey nodded, gave him a sly smile and a wink before turning back down the hall towards her room. Whats that smell. He heard Erin whisper as Andrew realized he was starting to sweat standing in the hall holding his sister. It smells really good. You smell really good.
      
      Andrew felt the beginning of an erection as he held Erin and she began to nuzzle and kiss his neck. Andrew tried to pull away but Erin tightened her grip on him as she took deep breaths along his neck and pushed herself against his erection. Erin, please I need to go to bed. Andrew pleaded.
      
      Erin nuzzled and kissed his neck once more as she let him go. Andrew I am sorry, but I dont know what is happening. Every time I smell you I just get so light headed.
      
      Andrew backed away from Erin and gave her a reassuring smile. It is ok Erin, I understand. Like I said, a lot of weird things have been going on since the accident. He said as he backed into his room. I need to go to bed now. Please, Ill see you in the morning.
      
      Erin stood in the hall panting, her face flushed. Andrew could tell that he was affecting her with his sent and he bade her good night and closed and locked his door. As he got into bed he could still hear Erin in the hall outside his door. Good night Andrew. She said in a husky voice after trying the door once.
      
      Andrew went to sleep, his night troubled by dreams of sex with his sisters and several of the girls at school. 
      
      
      
      Aaron was awoken by the sound of his bedroom door creaking quietly open. He looked up from his pillow tired and confused. Hu? Whose there? He asked.
      
      Shh, came his mothers voice from the shadows of his doorway. Your father has finally fallen asleep, if you make too much noise youll wake him and well get caught. She said as she quietly closed the door and climbed into the bed.
      
      Aarons sleep filled brain had not yet processed exactly what was going on and it was not until his mother started to pull back his covers that he remembered Andrews parting command. Mom, you dont have to do this you know, I will understand he started to stammer as she climbed closer to him.
      
      Hush hun, just lay back and let mommy take care of you. She said as she peeled his pajama bottoms and underwear off his crotch.
      
      Aaron began to grow nervous as he felt the cold air on his cock followed shortly by the feel of his mothers warm soft fingers. 
      
      Oh honey, you have such a nice cock. Jill purred as she gently jacked her sons cock and fondled his balls. After a few slow strokes she lowered her mouth to his cock and began to lick along the shaft from his balls to the tip and then took his hardening young cock in her mouth.
      
      Both mother and son let out a quiet moan of pleasure, Aaron from the enjoyment of the feel of his first blow job and Jill from the taste and the sheer pleasure of the forbidden act. Jill continued to suck on her sons cock as it grew to its full hardness, with each downward motion more and more of his cock filled her mouth until the tip entered her throat and Jill began to gently hum. 
      
      Aaron let out another moan of pleasure as his mind was overwhelmed by the new pleasurable sensations that his young body was feeling. It was not long before he hissed Mom, I am about to He never got to finish as his mother took the full length of his cock into her mouth and throat and he began to cum. 
      
      Jill swallowed every drop of her sons cum, savoring his flavor for the first time. As he finished she continued to suck on his cock, bringing it back to hardness and sucking him to two more orgasms before she quietly kissed him on his forehead whispered she loved him and let herself out of the room.  
      
      Aaron lay on his bed; his cock completely spent for the first time in his young life and felt his love for his mother grow to a new level.
      
      
      
      Andrew tossed and turned all night, and when his alarm clock finally sounded he climbed out of bed more tired than when he went to sleep. He was covered in sweat and his bed sheets were a tangled, soaked mess, and his room reeked. He crawled out of bed and opened his bedroom window. Groggily he made his way to his dresser where he pulled off his damp clothes and grabbed a change of underwear. 
      
      He peeked out his bedroom door and made sure the coast was clear before he jumped across the hall into the bathroom and closed the door. He turned on the shower and took care of his morning business while he waited for the water to warm up, and then climbed in to wash off the nights sweat. It was not until the door opened that he realized he forgot to lock the bathroom door. I am in here. He yelled to Lacey as he felt her come into the room.
      
      I know, replied Lacey from the other side of the curtain.
      
      Andrew went back to washing himself off as he saw the curtain move and a naked Lacey stepped into the shower. Whatre you doing sis? He asked.
      
      Lacey gave a grin as she wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him. Im taking care of my master. She said as she broke the kiss and rubbed her crotch against his hardening cock.
      
      Andrew unwrapped her arms from around his neck. Mom or Erin could walk in any moment and catch us. He growled under his breath.
      
      Lacey smiled at him as she knelt down and began to stroke his hard cock. No they wont. Mom called after you went to sleep and said she would be working a double and wont be home until after we leave for school and I locked the door so Erin will probably use moms bathroom. She said this while stroking Andrews cock, and then began to lick along the shaft.
      
      Andrew closed his mouth and let out a quiet moan as he felt his little sisters tongue on his cock. Oh god that feels so good. He said as her lips enveloped his cock and she began to slide her head down his shaft. 
      
      Andrew looked down at his sister and ran his fingers though her hair as she continued to suck on his cock. Her lips and tongue felt so good and all resistance to her giving him a blow job evaporated from his brain as he knew deep inside that this was his right, she was his and her only role in life was to serve his pleasure. It did not take long before he came in her mouth. Lacey held her mouth on his cock, quickly swallowing every spurt. He slowly pulled her to a standing position and kissed her on her forehead as his fingers ran over her young budding breasts.
      
      Lacey turned around and leaned into Andrews embrace, her ass pressing against his hardening cock as his hands continued to fondle her breasts and tease her nipples. Oh god, I love you Lacey. He whispered into her ear as he brought his left hand down to play with her clit.
      
      Lacey moaned against him as she continued to press her ass against his now rock hard cock. Their lovemaking was interrupted by a loud knock on the door. Hurry up in there youre taking all the hot water and we are going to be late for school. Erin yelled through the door. And if you see Lacey tell her to hurry up too, Mom dropped off the car last night se we can drive her to school.
      
      Andrew grabbed a towel from the linen closet and quickly dried himself off as Lacey finished her shower. He could not help but stare at her as the water cascaded down her beautiful budding body. God youre so beautiful, Sis.
      
      Lacey smiled while she washed the shampoo out of her hair. Andrew watched her for a few more seconds and then peeked out of the bathroom to ensure the coast was clear before he made a b-line for his room. The odor of his sweat was still strong in the room and he made a mental note to wash his clothes and sheets when he got home. 

      He got dressed, closed the window, and headed downstairs as Lacey was walking out of the bathroom, She had a towel wrapped around her head and nothing else. Andrew gave her breast a quick fondle as he walked by her and headed down the stairs. As he was eating his morning cereal he felt a flash in the back of his mind and another presence was added to the three already there. Crap. He said under his breath as he tensed and looked in the direction of the feeling.
      
      Is something wrong? Erin asked with a look of concern from across the table.
      
      Andrew shook his head. Sorry, I though I heard smoothing outside.
      
      Lacey came down a few minutes later and quickly made herself a bowl of cereal. You had better wolf that down, Sis, or were going to be late for school. Erin told her as Lacey took her seat at the table.
      
      Lacey nodded and quickly ate her breakfast as Erin and Andrew finished theirs. 
      
      They dropped Lacey off at the middle school and made it to the high school with a few minutes to spare. Surprisingly the day went by pretty uneventfully. Ms. Crabtree all but ignored Andrew and Aaron during class and Andrew was excused from PE due to his teams win the day before. He used his free time in the library with Kelly getting caught up with the homework he had missed while he was in the hospital,. He was pleasantly surprised at how well Kelly did with math and history and he even managed to have a nice conversation with her without any help from his new abilities. The only issue he had was the almost constant erection he had all day from feeling the growing arousal from the unidentified girl in the back of his mind.
      
      After school Andrew and Aaron went to meet Ms. Crabtree in her classroom. Aaron did you give anyone else a dose of my saliva this morning? Andrew asked as they walked into the room.
      
      Aaron shook his head. No, I gave everything I had to Ms. Crabtree. He replied.
      
      Can I help you? a masculine voice inquired.
      
      The two teens looked towards the front of the classroom to see Mr. Bee one of the schools substitute teachers wiping down the blackboard. Um we were looking for Ms. Crabtree? Aaron said. We were supposed to meet her after school for some tutoring.
      
      Mr. Bee gave the two boys a polite smile as he continued to wipe down the board. I am sorry; she had to go home after lunch. Andrew, she did ask me to give you a note, it is on the desk.
      
      Andrew walked up to the desk and picked up the folded piece of paper with his name on it and began to read it. Andrew, I had to go home to take care of some things. Your sister is coming home with Ellie; I called Jill and asked her to drop you and Aaron off at my house after class. 
      
      Andrew handed the note to Aaron Thank you Mr. Bee. He said as the two boys headed out of the classroom. They met Aarons mom in the parking lot and Andrew noticed that she and Aaron were giving each other quick glances and blushing as the two boys got into the car. Did you two have fun last night? Andrew asked with trepidation over their response.
      
      Jill looked at Andrew through the rear view mirror as she backed the car out of the parking slot. Oh, yes Master, it was wonderful thank you. Can we do it again?
      
      Andrew looked from Jill to his friend and saw the look of expectation on Aarons face. Any time you want to, as long as you are careful to only do it when it is safe. We would not want you to get caught.
      
      Aaron gave his mother a smile as he turned to face the front of the car. As they drove to Ms. Crabtrees house Andrew felt the presence of the new girl getting closer. When they pulled into the driveway he knew without a doubt that she was in Mrs. Crabtrees home. Shit, the girl I felt this morning is in there. Andrew said to Aaron as they got out of the car.
      
      Aaron looked from Andrew to the house. Well then I guess that explains who used to stuff.
      
      Jill got out of the car with them, Ms. Crabtree asked me to come in as well, since I am now part of your harem. She said as she walked around the car and headed for the front door. Andrew and Aaron quickly followed.
      
      
      
      None of them had noticed the small sedan that had followed them from the school. A dark haired woman sat in the divers seat and she stared daggers at the two teen boys. So that is the young man who has corrupted you? Which one is it? The woman asked the young girl sitting in the passenger seat.
      
      Jen sat in the passenger seat staring at Andrew with utter adoration. The dark haired woman asked her question again and Jen snapped out of her daze. Yes mother that is him. He is the shorter of the two, his name is Andrew. She replied.
      
      Two more dark haired women almost identical in appearance to the one in the drivers seat stared at the trio as they headed for the door. They are all corrupted, Morgan, the boy the most. One of them said in an emotionless voice. We may have to take serious action before he can affect others.
      
      The woman sitting next to her gave a slight frown, the first hint of any emotion from the three women. I dont think drastic measures should be considered, just yet. We need to study this more. Before we can determine the course of action for Jen and her sisters and cousins we must first study this boy and maybe one of his girls. The little red head that arrived earlier looked to be a prime candidate, do you know her Jen? She said in an equally monotone voice.
      
      Jen frowned at her mother and the other two women. Yes, she is his sister Lacey. She is a very nice girl, please dont hurt them, they are nice. She said as tears began to form in her eyes.
      
      Her mother looked at her and shook her head. Get a hold of yourself Jen. This display of emotion is a disgrace to your heritage. Nothing must come before the protection of the Coven, not even friends or family. Mordeth, I agree we need to study this. I think we need to arrange for Lacy and Andrew to pay us an unscheduled visit.
      
https://www.patreon.com/jamesmarcus