NATALIE

BY KYSA Q

Part 1

Natalie's Punishment

I rushed home from school with an anticipation that I can barely
describe My sister, Natalie, was going to be punished that
evening and I didn't want to miss any of it. Dad had promised her
a good spanking that morning and Mom had already given her a few
slaps on the back of her legs before we both had to leave for
school. That would be nothing compared to what she had coming
this evening. Mom and Dad were both really mad at her and she was
crying when she left the house this morning... I'm glad it's
Natalie and not me.

When I got home Natalie was in her room and I asked Mom when she
was going to get her punishment. What I really wanted to know was
whether I could watch. Sometimes I didn't get to see what
happened and sometimes I was allowed to see her take her
punishment. The last time I watched it was brilliant . She had
her skirt and panties taken right off in front of me and made to
stand straight with her hands on her head. She was really
embarrassed you could tell, she started crying even before Mom
had spanked her at all. She got twelve strokes of Mom's belt that
she uses for punishments. It was fantastic ! After Mom finished
she made Natalie apologise for what she had done which was
practically nothing at all, I think Mom had just been in a bad
mood. I was hoping that she was going to have her skirt and
panties taken off again. I had laid in bed that night thinking of
what she had looked like and it got me so hard. Her bare legs and
bottom and her top pulled right up so that you could see
everything.

It was about an hour before Dad got home and I still wasn't quite
sure whether I was going to get to watch. In fact I was getting a
bit worried that they were going to let her off. They both seemed
to be in a much better mood and not mad at all any more. We all
had dinner together and Natalie was really quiet and Mom and Dad
still said nothing. I dropped a few hints about the morning and
what had happened but Mom just changed the subject and told me to
get on and eat my food.

Finally when we had finished eating Dad told Natalie to get the
plates tidied away and then go and wait in the lounge for him. At
last ! I asked right out if I could watch and Mom and Dad looked
at each other for ages and I thought for sure I was going to get
sent to my room. Then Mom said to go through to the lounge and
that it would be educational for me to see what it was to get
properly punished. I was so excited that I ran through to see
Natalie sitting and I couldn't believe that she looked like her
eyes were all red and that she was going to cry any moment. I
couldn't help telling her right out that I was allowed to watch
her get punished and I even told her that Mom had said that it
would be really bad.

When Mom and Dad came in they made her stand up and and explained
to her that she was going to be punished and that it was to be a
special punishment to ensure that she learnt her lesson. She was
after all fifteen years old and should know better. As a young
girl they said that they were aware that a good way to make her
learn her lesson was to make the punishment as embarrassing as
possible. The first thing that she was to do was to remove her
clothes. She was to be completely naked for her punishment. Both
Natalie and I were completely shocked by this although in
slightly different ways. I nearly fainted in anticipation and
Natalie started crying and practically begging to keep her
clothes on. She kept it up until Dad started to take his belt
from round his waist and I guess she realised that it was really
serious and she stopped and stood silently just looking down. Mom
said she didn't want any silliness and that she was to take her
clothes off before the punishment got ten times worse. I think
Natalie knew Mom was serious.

I don't think I will ever forget watching my sister stand and
start to strip her clothes off. She spent ages taking her skirt
down and taking her top off like if she took ages she wouldn't
have to take the rest off. She stood in her panties and her bra
which was quite a treat. I'd seen girls in swimming costumes and
things like that before but somehow this was different. The way
her bra pushed her tits up was amazing, they seemed bigger than I
thought they were. I couldn't believe she was going to have to
take the bra and panties off as well. Mom seemed to get annoyed
that she was taking so long and told her to hurry along. She
turned around so that her back was to me and Mom but Dad made her
turn around as she unclipped her bra and slid it down her arms.
It was amazing she had quite small nipples and they seemed to
stick out quite a lot. Dad wouldn't let her cover herself and
told her to take the panties off as well. She slid them down her
legs and stepped out of them. It was great to watch her as she
was made to stand there naked with her hands at her sides.

I thought Dad was going to use his belt on her but Mom went
upstairs and brought back a long flat wooden thing that kind of
like a ruler but bigger. While she was gone Dad made Natalie
stand straight and hold her shoulders back. He said she was quite
some young lady but it was a pity she hadn't behaved like one.
When mom returned she explained that Natalie was to be punished
all over her naked body and that she was to take her punishment
with dignity. This seemed like a bit of a joke although Mom said
it seriously. Natalie just stood looking so embarrassed it was
untrue.

Natalie had to bend forward for the first of the strokes which
Mom gave her on her bottom and her legs. There was a loud
slapping noise as the wood hit her bottom and although I think it
can't have been as bad as it sounded every time it hit Natalie
made a little jump. Mom kept making her stick her bottom out
which was really good.

When Dad told her to stand up straight again I think she thought
it was over. Mom then stood slightly in front of her and made her
put her hands under her tits and hold them up. Even though she
was my sister I was getting really excited watching her. Mom
started to hit her on the stomach and the front of her legs which
was amazing to watch. Then even better she started to give her
some strokes across the front of her pussy and even made her
stand with her hips pushed forward to take them. She was really
crying by now and every so often Mom would stop and tell her to
stop her wailing and calm down before things got even worse for
her. When Mom stopped Natalie had to stand again with her hands
at her sides and was asked if she had learnt her lesson.
Obviously she starts going on about how sorry she is and how she
won't do it again and keeps asking if she can go to her room. Mom
tells her no and that she is to put her hands behind her back and
push her shoulders back. She stands there with her tits pushed
right out but Mom makes her push them out even more. Then Mom
gives her a stroke right across one of her tits, sort of across
the top and Natalie starts begging again that she has learnt her
lesson. Mom tells her to shut up and that she'll decide when she
has learnt a lesson. The next stroke is right across one of her
nipples and I reckon must have really hurt. Mom waits a bit then
gives her another and another until she has these really amazing
stripes across her tits.

I don't know if Mom is getting tired or just wants to watch for a
while but she hands the ruler thing to Dad and stands back. I
think Natalie is giving up hope that it going to end anytime soon
and just stands. There are quite a few marks all up her front.
Every time she tries to cover herself Dad makes her put her hand
down and tells her she doesn't deserve any privacy.

The next part of her punishment is even better. Natalie is made
to lie down on her back. She doesn't want to and starts to say
that she won't and Dad picks his belt up and starts to hit her
with it and looks like he is going to go really mad. She quickly
gets on the floor. Mom then makes her bend her knees and spread
her legs apart. What a sight, I can see right between her legs. I
can't believe that mom and Dad are making her do it, it must be
just so humiliating. Not only has she been made to strip naked
but she is made to lie with her legs wide apart showing
everything ! Dad makes her keep spreading her legs wider and
wider and although I don't think it possible that she could
actually spread herself more he starts to hit her on the inside
of her thighs. She has her hands on her knees and is stretching
herself wide as Dad keeps caning her on the inside of her legs.
She is really crying now but Dad keeps at it telling her to
spread herself each time he hits her. After what must be about a
dozen strokes he stops and steps away leaving her lying on the
floor crying and holding herself wide open. I don't think she
dares to move herself. Finally Dad steps towards her and gives
her a stroke right between her open legs. Natalie screams and
closes her legs, almost curling into a ball. Dad lets her calm
down for a moment and then makes her open her legs again. This
time he hits her even harder and although she screams again she
keeps her legs open. Stepping back again Natalie is left on the
floor displaying herself. There are red marks running down the
inside of her legs as well as the marks on her stomach and tits.
It seems like an age as she lies there and finally is told to get
herself to her feet.

Dad stands in front of her and Mom stands behind. Natalie is told
to put her hands on her head. Mom slaps her on the bottom and
tells her to hold her chest out. She does as she is told and has
her tits pushed out. Dad slaps her across one of her tits and
tells her to push her bottom out. Mom asks her if she has
anything to say and she starts to say how sorry she is and all
sorts of stuff as she is stood with naked with her back arched
pushing her bottom out to be spanked by Mom and her tits pushed
forward to be slapped by Dad. Mom spanks her bottom again as she
cries and whines about how she wouldn't do it again. Then Dad
slaps her tits. The way her tits shake as they are slapped looks
great. Then Dad takes a hold of both of her nipples between his
fingers. He pulls on her nipples and by the way Natalie winces I
guess he must be pinching quite hard. Mom starts spanking her
again. Natalie is trying to keep still but is sort of hopping
from foot to foot as she is spanked. Dad starts to pull her tits
upwards which makes it much harder for her to push her bottom out
and she is keeps saying how sorry she is and begging them to
stop. Mom briefly stops as Dad squeezes harder making her cry out
and tells her to get her bottom right out. Mom seems to think it
is quite funny as Natalie pulls against her pinched nipples to
try to push her bottom out. Mom then gives her about four really
hard spanks Dad lets go of her nipples but rubs his hands across
her tits a few times as she stands crying. They finally stop
leaving Natalie standing still with her hands on her head, I
don't think she dare take them off in case she is spanked again.

Leaving the room for a moment Mom returns with a T shirt and
gives it to Natalie, telling her to get herself dressed. She puts
the T shirt on which covers her top half but leaves her naked
from the waist down. Dad tells her that is what she will wear for
the evening and that he isn't sure if they have finished with her
yet. Natalie stands with her bare bottom on view unsure whether
or not to move. Then the horror of Natalie's punishment turns
into a nightmare as the door bell goes. Mom tells her to stand
where she is and goes to answer the door.....

