Santa's Special Christmas Gift, Part 2: Penelope and Melanie

Story codes: Mgg(10), oral, first, buttplug

Summary: Penelope returns to see her favorite fake Santa, and brings her friend with her.

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

================

"Santa Claus isn't real," Penelope's friend, Melanie said to her.

"Oh, I know!" Penelope answered. Like, duh! She's ten years old, she knows Santa isn't real! "Of course he's not real," she said, "but he's lots of fun! He gave me some really nice presents last year and I know you'll love him!"

"Santa doesn't give presents, you silly," Melanie giggled.

"Oh this one does!" Penelope responded, her pretty blue eyes twinkling.

It was Melanie's turn to get all twinkly-eyed, her dark eyes shining. Melanie knew that Santa had given Penelope a special gift last year. It was long and skinny and it hummed when you turned it on, and one day the two friends used it together and Melanie just loved it! Penelope just knew that Melanie would love her Santa, too, even more than she loved the special toy he gave her, and she just knew that Melanie was almost as excited as Penelope to go visit him again this year.

"Come on, let's go!" Penelope said, grabbing her friends hand. And the two girls ran out the door and skipped down the road to the mall.

When they got to the front of the line to sit on Santa's lap, Penelope went first.

"Ho ho ho!" the silly Santa said. "Penelope! My beautiful little girl! I was hoping you'd come to see me again this year!"

"Hi, Santa," she said, shyly hiding her face a bit as it turned red. She climbed on his lap and he gave her a great big hug and held her close, and she snuggled right up against his big soft fake belly. Penelope had forgotten how big and strong Santa was, and she loved it so much when he held her so tightly!

"Have you been good this year, Penelope?" he asked with his big deep laugh that made Penelope feel completely comforted and totally excited.

"I've been a good girl, Santa! I've only been naughty with you!"

His big blue eyes twinkled down at her and she could see him smiling happily behind his silly fake cotton-ball beard. "You were very nice with me, Penelope. I've thought about you a lot, all year long."

"I've thought about you a lot, too, Santa. Especially when..." She had to hide her face again.

"Especially when what, Penelope?" Santa asked her.

"Especially when I'm using the toy you gave me."

He hugged her extra tight and held her extra close. "I'm glad you've been using the toy, my little one," he said. She smiled up at him. She loved the way he talked to her, the way he called her his little one!

"Can I tell you a secret?" she whispered.

"Of course! I'm Santa! You can tell me anything."

"I use the toy every day," she said.

Santa squeezed her tight. "That's good, Penelope sweetie! And now, what do you want for Christmas this year?"

"I don't want anything at all, Santa, except maybe..."

"Yes?" he asked with his pretty eyes twinkling.

"Maybe we could do what we did last year? You know, with your... cock?"

She could see that Santa had a great big smile behind his fake beard. "Yes, Penelope, I think we can do that again."

"And Santa?"

"Yes?"

"The next girl in line is my friend Melanie, and I think she would like to be with us, too. Would that be OK?"

Santa leaned his head back and let out a loud "Ho ho ho!" Then he lifted little Penelope off of his lap, patted her on the bottom, and said, "I go on break in fifteen minutes, sweetie. You and your friend come and meet me in the ice cream store, OK?"

Penelope clasped her hands behind her back and rocked on her heels, smiling red-faced up at the big beautiful fake Santa. "Yes, Santa, I will!"

"Now go and tell your friend Melanie that it's her turn to sit on my lap!"

"Yay!" And Penelope scampered off to tell Melanie.

Melanie seemed to be very shy and nervous when she climbed onto Santa's lap, but as Penelope stood just on the other side of the velvet rope that kept everyone away from Santa, she saw him take her friend into his big strong arms and hold her tight against him, and she saw them whispering to each other and sometimes Santa would go "Ho ho oh!" and Melanie's face would get all red. After a minute, she saw Melanie climb off his lap and come running down the steps to her. She had a big smile and her face was all red.

"Santa's going to give me a present!" she whispered to Penelope.

Penelope took her friend's hand and they skipped away from the crowd. "Is he going to give you a toy like mine?" Penelope asked her, all excited.

"Well... I'm sure he would, if I asked him. But that's not really what I asked him for."

"Oh? Whaddya ask him for?"

Melanie stopped their skipping and stood with one foot on top of the other, looking down and really red-faced. "He asked me what I wanted for Christmas and I told him... I told him I wanted to be a kitty! And he said he would give me some special things that are just for a girl who wants to be a kitty!"

"Really!" Penelope's eyes went sparkly-wide. "I wonder what those are!"

"I know, right? I can't wait!"

Luckily Melanie didn't have to wait too long, because it was already almost time to go meet Santa in the ice cream store. When they got there, they were so sad because Santa wasn't there. But a few minutes later he showed up! With a bag in his hand! Santa bought both of the girls big ice cream cones and then they went for a walk together. Penelope knew just where Santa was taking them, and sure enough! They all went together into that special dark hallway that she had been in with Santa last year. When they got to the big empty room where they had been together the last time, Santa sat down on the bench and both of the girls sat down on either side of him. They took turns giving the wonderful Santa licks of their ice cream cones, although he had to take his fake beard off for that, which was fine with Penelope. She loved how strong and grown up his face looked and how pretty his smile was. And then, remembering what she did last year with Santa, she took a big lick of her cone and held her tongue out.

"Santa, will 'ou 'ick the ice cream off my 'ongue?"

"Ho ho ho!" Santa said, while Melanie giggled and went all wide-eyed, and Santa leaned over and took Penelope's tongue into his mouth. Her heart went so light as she felt Santa sucking on her tongue, way longer than he needed to! The ice cream was all gone in a second but Santa kept her tongue in his mouth anyway!

When he finally finished, Penelope said, "Your turn, Melanie! Let him lick some off your tongue!"

And her little friend took a big lick of her cone and stuck her tongue out. Before he licked the ice cream off of Melanie's tongue, though, he reached down and took Penelope by the hand and lifted her hand over and set it right on his cock! Penelope could feel that he was already hard!

Melanie and Santa kissed for a long long long time. They shared lots and lots of ice cream, sometimes on her tongue, sometimes on his, and the whole time Penelope sat there stroking Santa's huge beautiful cock through the red velvet of his pants. She'd been dreaming about Santa's cock all year, and she was so glad to be touching it again.

After a while, their favorite fake Santa sat back and asked, "Melanie, do you want your Christmas presents now?"

Melanie's face was all red and she looked bashfully down at the ground. "Yes, please."

Santa made his silly laugh again and then he turned to Penelope. "And you, little Penelope, do you want your Christmas present now?"

"Yes, Santa! Yes!"

Santa made his silly laugh again! And then he loosened his belt and pulled his red velvet pants down. He put his hand on top of Penelope's head and pushed her down and she knew just what Santa wanted her to do and she was so excited! She dreampt about this every night! But right before she went down to kiss his big wonderful cock all over, she looked up at Melanie and saw her friend staring with her dark eyes all wide, right at Santa's giant erection. She loved the fact that Melanie was staring at Santa's cock!

Penelope kissed Santa's warm smelly cock all over, she was so happy to be so close to it again. She loved how Santa's cock smelled and tasted and she just loved everything about it! And then, when she opened her mouth really wide and took his thick fat head in between her lips, Santa opened the bag with Melanie's presents in it and Penelope heard her friend exclaim, "Kitty ears! Thank you Santa!" and she felt Melanie wrap her arms around their favorite fake Santa and give him a great big hug.

"That's not all, Melanie," Santa said, just as Penelope started stroking his cock with her little hands while she sucked on his big fat head.

"A tail!" she heard her friend cry out. "A kitty tail!"

"Yes," Santa said, ho ho hoing again. "This is a special kind of tail. This end here is designed to go inside you, so the tail will stay in place."

"Go inside?" Melanie said. "Where, Santa?"

"In your bottom, Melanie," Santa said.

"My bottom?!?" Penelope heard her friend's voice mixed with confusion and excitement and a little bit of concern.

Penelope tried to watch what Santa was doing while she kept stroking and sucking his cock. She loved how his big fat Santa cockhead filled her mouth so full. She saw him take a little tube out of the bag and squirt a little something onto the little glass tip that was on one end of the tail.

"Stand up now Melanie," Santa said in his deep rich voice, "and pull your pants down so I can put this in your bottom."

"Pull my pants down?!?" Melanie said with the same voice as before.

Penelope pulled her mouth off of Santa's cock for a second. "Do it, Melanie," she said. "Santa's nice, he won't hurt you or do anything bad at all!" 

Melanie stood up, sort of slowly. When she looked up at her friend, she saw the kitty ears that she was wearing, and they were so cute! They were black with soft pink insides. Penelope was so jealous of Melanie's beautiful kitty ears! And then she was standing right in front of Santa and she just unbuttoned her pants and pulled them down. Penelope was watching her friend the whole time and she thought it was so funny and cute how Melanie just pulled her pants down like that!

"Panties, too," she heard Santa say in his merry voice.

And Melanie just stood there in front of Santa and pulled her panties down.

Penelope knew that Santa would just love Melanie's pussy. It was so pretty! Melanie had really dark hair and eyes and stuff, and she had some dark little curls on top of her little pussy and Penelope knew that Santa would love Melanie's little hairs!

"Turn around now, Melanie," Santa said after he had looked at her for a little while, "and bend over."

Melanie turned around so that her butt was facing Santa and she leaned over, and then Santa reached out and spread her bottom open with his hand, and he slipped the glass end of the tail into her little butthole! Penelope couldn't help but watch the whole thing, she almost forgot entirely about sucking and stroking her wonderful Santa's cock. But Santa didn't seem to care!

"There you go, little kitty-cat," Santa said. "How does it feel?"

"Um," Melanie said. She was still bent way over and Penelope knew that Santa could see her pussy lips too. "It feels weird," her friend said.

Santa ho ho hoed again. "You'll get used to it, kitty-cat," he said with a merry laugh. "Now, you see what Penelope is doing? I want you to do that, too. Kneel down here, kitty, and suck on Santa's cock!"

And then Melanie knelt down in front of Santa and Penelope pointed his cock at her friend's mouth, and Melanie opened wide and took it into her mouth.

"Suck, baby," Santa said, all breathless. "And stroke me, Penelope! Stroke!"

And Melanie sucked, and Penelope stroked, and Santa groaned. He reached out and grabbed Melanie's head right around her beautiful new kitty ears and he said in his deep rich rumbly voice, "Oh, Melanie, oh my little kitty, take Santa's cum! Swallow it all little kitten!"

Penelope could feel Santa's cock throb and pump in her hands, and she saw Melanie's big beautiful brown eyes go wide and she knew Santa was cumming in her friend's mouth. And she watched as Melanie swallowed, a big gulp, and another!

When Santa was all done cumming, Melanie sat back and wiped her mouth off and smiled up at him. "Did you like that Santa?" she asked.

"Yes, my sweetie," Santa said. "You girls just gave Santa a wonderful Christmas gift!" And then the big fake Santa stood up. "Now, Melanie, you sit down on the bench here, OK? And Penelope, do you remember how Santa kissed your pussy last year?"

Penelope nodded. 

"I want you to kiss Melanie's pussy now, just like I did for you last year."

"OK, Santa," Penelope said. She didn't even hesitate. She'd do anything this beautiful wonderful Santa asked her to do.

It was hard for Melanie to sit down on the bench, because of her tail. She had to lean way back and slide her butt all the way to the edge of the bench, and spread her legs wide open, and that gave Penelope the perfect opportunity to kiss her pussy and she knelt in front of her friend, just like Melanie had done for Santa a few seconds earlier, and she leaned in and put her lips right on her friend's beautiful pussy.

Penelope had smelled and tasted her own pussy before, like on her fingers or on her toy, but she had never smelled or tasted another girl's pussy and she loved it so much! It smelled so sweet and strong and beautiful, and it tasted even better, and she licked and licked her friend, all over, up and down her slit and her little button and everything! Penelope really loved kissing Melanie's pussy.

After a little while, Santa spoke again. "OK, Penelope, I think she's ready," he said.

"Ready?" Penelope said. But as soon as she saw that Santa's cock had gotten all big and hard again, she knew exactly what he meant. Santa was going to have sex with Melanie! And as excited as Penelope was that he wanted to have sex with her friend, she was terribly jealous too. Melanie had gotten to swallow all his cum, and now he was going to have sex with her, too? Doesn't Penelope get anything from Santa this year?

But mostly, she just wanted to do what her wonderful favorite fake Santa told her to do, so she stood up and Santa knelt down just exactly where she had been. Melanie, with her sweet kitty ears, was all wide-eyed. She seemed to know what Santa was planning to do, too, and she looked a little scared and a little excited.

"Don't worry, Melanie," Penelope said to her. "He'll be gentle, he's very sweet and it feels so good!"

She watched as Santa gripped his cock and directed it down to Melanie's little ten year old pussy with her little dark curls of hair. Her pussy looked very open and wet now, after Penelope had been kissing it, and Santa pushed his head into it.

Melanie gasped, and squinted her eyes shut tight, and Santa pushed into her. Then Melanie made a sound, like "Ohhhh," and Santa was inside her. Penelope could see his huge cock stretching her wide open! And he started pulling back and pushing in. He just knelt there in front of the little kitty-cat Melanie and rocked his hips back and forth and fucked her!

"Penelope," he said all breathless after he had been having sex with her friend for a couple of minutes. "Take all of your clothes off for Santa now, OK?"

"OK, Santa," Penelope said, so happy that Santa was still interested in her. And she took all her clothes off until she was completely naked.

Santa, still fucking her friend, watched as Penelope undressed. When he saw her little bra, his blue eyes went all twinkly. "Penelope! Little one! You've grown! You're wearing a bra now!"

Penelope was so proud, even though she really didn't have very much by way of titties or anything, but she still was totally proud!

When she was all naked,  Santa told her to sit down on the bench next to her friend, and so she did.

"And masturbate now, sweetie," he said. "I want you to get all nice and ready because Santa's gonna fuck you!"

Penelope was so excited! Yay! Santa's going to fuck me, too! She hardly needed to do anything at all, she was already ready.

And then the big strong Santa stood up and moved over and knelt between Penelope's legs.

When she felt Santa's huge thick cockhead squeeze into her tiny little cunny, it was the most wonderful feeling in the world. It felt even better now than it did last year! Oh, she wanted this soooo badly! And as he started moving it in and out and pushing it deeper and deeper into her, she just felt so full, and so excited! 

"Santa," the little ten year old said, "fuck me!"

Santa growled, and then he reached out and put his hands on her new little breasts, and then her heart almost exploded when he leaned over and kissed one of her nipples, and then kissed the other one.

"Oh Penelope!" he said.

"Oh Santa!" she said right back!

"Oh Penelope!" he said again. "Oh my sweet Penelope, Santa's gonna cum inside you!"

She lifted her legs in the air and wrapped them around her wonderful beautiful fake Santa and she said, "Yes, Santa! Come inside me!" and her whole body started to shake and she felt all the wonderful feelings she loves so much as she began to cum, right when Santa lifted his head up in the air and bellowed, really loud! And then Penelope felt herself get all warm and wet and she knew Santa was pumping his Santa sperm inside her and she was so happy and excited and thrilled. "Fill me Santa!" she hollered. "Fill me with your Santa sperm!"

When Santa was all done, he pulled out of her and stood up and pulled his red velvet pants back on. "I better get back to work, my sweet little girls," he said. He helped Melanie take her tail out of her bottom, but she left her kitty ears on. Penelope got dressed and she could feel Santa's cum dripping out of her happy little pussy into her panties, and that made her smile so much! And then Santa led them back to the mall, and right before he opened the door from the dark hallway he kissed Melanie, right on the lips, and then kissed Penelope, right on the lips too.

"Thank you, my sweet girls," he said. "See you next year?"

Penelope smiled, so big and wide.

Melanie smiled, too. "Yes, Santa," she said. "We'll be back next year!"

And then Penelope stood up on her tiptoes and gave Santa one more little kiss. "We'll definitely be back next year, Santa!" she said.



[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com  Thanks!]
