A few weeks have gone by and we decide to have the gang over for
dinner and to go out for drinks afterward. Lucy and Jake arrive
first and we start cooking. Steaks on the grill and baked
potatoes and salad. Ronni and Kelly show up just before the food
is ready and they bring fresh strawberries and real whipped cream
for desert.

We all sit down to eat. Me at one end, you at the other, Ronni
and Jake on one side of the table and Kelly and Lucy on the
other. Everyone enjoys the dinner and then the desert is brought
out. Before we can start Ronni tells us the rules of her "berries
and cream".

Rule one - you can't feed yourself.
Rule two - You can't feed the same person twice in a row.
Rule three - you have to kiss the person you feed.

We all agreed to the rules and Jake and I stand up and reached
for the bowl of berries. The kissing and feeding began. Jake and
I circling the table kissing and feeding as we went. All the
girls kissing and feeding to both sides. By the time the
strawberries and cream were gone the kissing escalating into full
body groping. And little to anyone's surprise, no one seemed to
mind.

We were all hot and horny but I told everyone we had time for
that later. Everyone booed and hissed, but generally quieted
down. I announced I had outfits for the girls and everyone
cheered. I also announced that the outfits had accessories. That
produced puzzling looks from most, but you just smiled, knowing
my mind the way you do.

I produced a box for each girl and instruct them all the change
in different rooms. Inside the box is a "dress" for each girl.
Actually they were more like bras with long skirts attached to
the bottom. Very flowing and light. White for you. Green for
Lucy, to go with her red hair. Navy blue for Kelly and Fire
engine red for Ronni. The panties were mismatched, green for you,
blue for Lucy, red for Kelly, and white for Ronni. After everyone
came back together there was some dress lifting to compare
panties and some one commented that if anyone saw everyone's
panties they would know we were a group. I smiled and nodded.

Next I produced the accessories. A small remote controlled butt
plug for each of you girls. I inform everyone that all are set to
the same frequency and that the remote will be passed around
during the night. I bend you over the diner table and pull down
your panties and rim your ass almost long enough for you to cum,
then slowly slide the plug into your ass. You wiggle your ass and
tell everyone that it feels good in there. Jake bends Lucy over
the table and you and I bend Kelly and Ronni over the table.
After everyone is plugged I test the remote, adjusting the power
slowly to full then back down to zero. All the girls shiver with
desire and excitement.

We all pile into our van and head to a dance club that Ronni and
Kelly like. The bouncer sees Ronni and Kelly and he lets our
group in before 30 other people waiting at the door. They both
kiss him on the cheek as they pass. There is a modest dance floor
with about 30 table and the bar around it. Kelly and Ronni head
up to the bar to order drinks and I test the remote as they are
ordering, strangely the cute raven haired bartender gets a very
funny look on her face when I turn it on. I grin but don't say a
word.

The night goes on. Jake, Lucy, Ronni and Kelly head out to the
floor almost continuously, spinning around so almost everyone
knows their panties don't match their dresses. Kelly and Ronni
give the bartender a few kisses through out the evening. They
even pull both of us out there a few times. The remote is passed
around, each of us having fun sending thrills through the asses
of the girls. And each time I secretly watch the babe behind the
bar jump and look around.

About an hour into our teasing and Ronni and Kelly pull us all
down the hallway into the storage room. They tell us they know
the bar manager and sometimes they "borrow" the storage room for
private entertainment. Then they pull off their panties and ask
who else need to get off. I step back and pull Jake back and we
watch you four girls make a daisy chain and lick each other
through a few nice orgasms.

Last call comes and goes. The bouncer comes in to chase everyone
out. The bartender goes over to him as soon as he comes in and
whispers in his ear, he shakes his head and she whispers some
more. I happen to have the remote and I flip the switch to
maximum and watch her jump. She glares at the bouncer again and
he shakes his head no again.

Ronni tells us that they always stay late and help close the bar,
then she winks at us. We all help clean up and after it is all
done Kelly introduces us to Ben and Brenna. She calls them "close
friends" and give both of them a hug and kiss, on the lips. As
Kelly is kissing Brenna I activate the remote, causing them both
to shudder and look at each other.

I can't help but laugh and I pull out the remote. Brenna
apologizes to Ben and tells us we have made it a very interesting
night for her. She tells us that Ben sometimes teases her during
the slow nights, but tonight was so busy that he didn't have
time. It was just a happy coincidence that her plug was set to
the same frequency. She remembers us disappearing into the
storage room and asks us if we all share, knowing that Ronni and
Kelly share. We nod with happy smiles and she invites us all up
the their apartment above the bar. Of course we agree.

Brenna leads us up and Kelly grabs her ass. This causes a chain
of ass grabbing up the stairs. All the girls are giggling by the
time we go through the door. Brenna goes to her kitchen and
brings back more drinks for all of us and begs Ben to take out
her plug. He chuckles and agrees it has been in long enough. She
strips in front of us in seconds flat and presents her ass to
Ben. He takes his time, rubbing her creamy white ass, sliding his
finger along her pussy. Basically teasing her unmercifully, until
he tells her to cum for him before he will take the plug out. He
winks at me and I turn on the remote. All the girls in the room
feel the vibration in their asses and Brenna cums for Ben. He
licks her pussy clean and pulls out the butt plug.

She sighs in relieve. I ask if anyone else is ready to take out
their plugs and you and Lucy say yes. Kelly and Ronni like them
up there. I strip you and Jake strips Lucy, right in front of Ben
and Brenna. We tease you two and I manage to pull you through 3
orgasms before Ben pulls out his remote and shocks you through
another one. I thank him and pull out your plug. Jake pulls out
Lucy's.

We look over at Ronni and Kelly. They are naked in a 69, sucking
each others clits and sliding the butt plugs in and out of each
others holes. I look at Ben and say "shall we?" He nods and we
strip and line up at each end of them. We both grab there asses
at the same time. They look up at us, we pull out the plugs and
slide our dicks into there asses. They groan in unison and go
back to licking pussy.

Brenna come up to you and runs her fingers through your hair. She
kisses you lightly and looks into your eyes. You see her lust and
give in to her, kissing her full on the mouth, opening your lips
and accepting her tongue. Your hands and her hands roam each
others bodies. Her puffy nipples have hardened into firm nubs.
Her ass feel tight in your hands. Her hands caress your chest,
bringing your nipples to firmness. Her hands slide down your
body, sliding down to your pussy and down your ass crack at the
same time. You cum as soon as her fingers touch your clit and
rosebud at the same time. You squeeze her ass and pull her pussy
into your leg as you come down from your orgasmic high.

Lucy and Jake come over to you two. Lucy pulls both of you into a
three way kiss and Jake starts fingering Brenna's pussy from
behind. Over loaded with sexual attention pushes Brenna into an
orgasm. Jake almost has to catch her as she cums hard. Brenna
pushes Jake onto a couch and sits down onto of him, sliding his
cock into her pussy. You and Lucy start sucking her nipples at
the same time, both of you trying to finger her clit at he same
time too. Brenna grabs a handful of hair on each of your heads to
keep from falling over as the three of you bring her off again.
She cums so hard she squirts all over your hands and falls back
onto Jake, who has just emptied his balls into her tight, wet,
orgasming pussy.

By this time Ben and I have switched places and are now fucking
Kelly and Ronni's pussies, with our thumbs deep in their asses.
They have orgasmed several times and are begging for out cum. I
look at Ben and count backwards from 10, slapping ass cheeks on
every count. After one we both bury our dicks deep in their
pussies and empty our balls into them. After their greedy pussies
suck out all our cum we pull out and they attach their mouths to
each others cunts and suck out all that cum. You and Lucy roll
them apart and kiss them trying to get some of that cum. They
share it with you, passing it back and forth between your mouths.
After you all swallow your fair share, Kelly and Ronni go over to
clean Brenna's cunt and Jake's cock. You clean Ben's cock and
Lucy cleans mine.

We all relax for a few minutes, enjoying the after glow, drinking
our drinks.

The rest of the night is a blur of bodies in twos, threes, fours,
and once all eight of us tangled up in sexual mayhem.

We wake up the next afternoon. The smell of sex mixes with the
smell of pancakes. Brenna is serving up plates of them. We all
sit naked around their small kitchen table, girls on guys laps,
feeding each other maplely sweet goodness. All agree it was a
wonderful night. Kisses go all around as we say goodbye to Ben
and Brenna. The ride home is happy. More kisses at our house as
Kelly, Ronni, Jake and Lucy head home.

We climb into bed, spooning and very soon you look over your
shoulder and say "Again?" I nod and slide my hard cock into your
pussy for a slow, sensual growing closer.

The end ... for now.
