SAM'S DILEMMA

BY DIMITRI HAMLIN

Sam was way past nervous as his dad led him towards a large brick
house. Usually his dad would hold his hand real tight to make
sure the seven year old didn't wander off. But this time his dad
just pushed him along by his shoulder.

Sam looked up at his dad. He had to strain his neck because his
dad was nearly six feet tall. "Daddy," Sam said. "Where are we
going?" They walked across the lawn to the concrete steps.

"I'm going home," his dad answered. "You're going to stay here."

Fear seized Sam, and as they reached the top of the stairs, he
turned to his dad and grabbed his hands. "But I wanna stay with
you!" Sam pleaded.

His dad pulled his hand free and pushed Sam towards the screen
door. He rang the bell and patted Sam on the shoulder. "I told
you before that you got to learn about our family. You're going
to stay with your uncles, and they're going to teach you how to
be a good little boy. You want to be good, don't you?"

Sam nodded. "Then you do everything you're told to do," his dad
told him. "And when you've learned how to listen and be a good
boy, I'll come and get you, and then you can come on trips with
me and Davis."

Sam's eyes lit up. He always wondered what his dad and his older
brother did on their trips. And now he'd get the chance.

The door opened and a tall man with big shoulders smiled at Sam's
dad. "He's a cute one," the man said. He opened the screen door
and ran his fingers through Sam's dirty blonde hair. "He's going
to be lots of fun breaking," the man said smiling wider.

Sam shot a glance at his dad, but he ignored the boy. "He likes
to fight you," his dad said. "Doesn't listen all that well."

"Don't worry," the man said. "He'll be totally different when
we're done with him."

Sam started to shake. He didn't like the way the man and his dad
were talking. His dad's voice sounded the way it did when he
would whip Sam. His dad would leave deep red bruises all over
Sam's soft butt.

"Come on," the man said, pulling Sam into the house by his
shoulders. Sam tried to look back at his dad, but the man shut
the door before he could. "You can call me Uncle Lou. You'll meet
my brothers later. They're out getting food. I'm in charge of
you, so when I tell you to do something, you do it without
questions. Got that?"

Sam nodded as he checked out the house. It looked bigger than it
had outside. The front room had a staircase on the right leading
up to the second floor. And from there Sam could make out a
bathroom, some of the kitchen, a dining room next to the
staircase, and another room with the door closed.

But before Sam could check out any more of the house, Lou tapped
him on the arm. "Take off your clothes," Lou said sternly.

Sam turned around and stared at him. "Why?" the boy said. Lou
slapped him to the floor.

"What did I just say to you? Get up, boy. I see you're going to
have to learn the hard way."

Sam pushed himself to his feet and rubbed the side of his face.
Lou hit harder than his dad did, and he wasn't even angry yet.
Lou stepped in front of Sam so that Sam's face was only a few
inches away from Lou's crotch. "Undo my belt," Lou ordered.

Sam hesitated, and Lou slapped him again. But this time Lou
grabbed Sam's arm and kept him from falling. He jerked Sam back
to his feet, sending a rush of pain down Sam's arm. The boy
yelped, and Lou popped him again. "No screaming. We got
neighbors, you know. Don't want to bother them with a whining
child. Now, undo my belt."

The boy glanced up at his uncle. Sam's cheeks were already
starting to turn burn from the slaps. Slowly he reached for his
uncle's belt. Lou let go of Sam's arm, and the boy used both his
hands to loosen the belt. "Pull it off," Lou said. Sam pulled the
belt free. It was a thick rawhide belt with a giant silver
buckle.

Sam half excepted Lou's pants to fall down like his brother's did
whenever he took off his belt. But Lou's pants were tented by a
huge bulge, and Sam stood there in amazement at the bulge. He
barely noticed Lou take the belt from him. But he felt the first
blow against his little ass. He yelped, only to get another lick.

"Keep it up, and I'll just pop you again. Now take off your
colors."

Sam started to say something, but the belt came down faster than
he could speak. His back lit up with pain, and in a flash he had
his shirt off and pants down around his ankles. He kicked off his
shoes and stood there in his undies in front of his uncle's
pulsing hard-on.

"Everything," Lou said. Sam's face shrank with surprise. But he
didn't want to dare another hit, so he slid his underwear down
his legs and stepped out of them. Lou smiled widely because Sam's
little dick was rock hard. Sam blushed with embarrassment, but
didn't try to hide his privates. Lou told him to take off his
socks too. "I want you butt naked," he said. Sam did as he was
told, looking up several times to make sure he wasn't about to
get another swat with the belt.

"Alright," Lou said. Since he wasn't wearing any underwear, his
pants were soaked with precum. "Go lay on the couch, Sam." The
boy did as he was told. Lou pushed his face into the cushions.
Sam could taste the lint on the tip of his tongue. He started to
lift his head when the belt slammed against his ass. He jumped,
and tried not to cry, but he yelped anyway. Another strike came,
and Sam hissed.

"Here's your first lesson," Lou said. "You're going to learn how
to keep your mouth shut. You're going to get thirty licks. I'm
not holding back, so it's going to hurt a lot. Good boys know how
to keep their mouths shut and do as they're told. If I hear so
much as a gasp, I'm adding five more licks. If you move, I'm
adding ten. And if you touch this belt, I'm going to break your
fucking arm. Got it?"

"O-okay," Sam whimpered. Lou aimed for Sam's exposed balls and
hit his target. Sam screamed loudly. Lou shoved his knee into the
boy's back, pressing the side of Sam's face into the cushion.

"I'm sorry! I'm sorry!"

"Shut up, boy," Lou said, practically laughing. He'd broken
dozens of boys before, but Sam was going to be the most fun. The
boy actually thought he could get the best of Lou. "I forgot to
add," Lou laughed. "When I tell you to do something, you say 'yes
sir'."

Sam had to push off the cushion with his chin so that he could
talk. "Yes sir."

"Good," Lou said, pulling his leg away. "Now put your hands
behind your back and grab your wrists. Keep them there. If you
touch your ass, I'm going to stomp on your hand."

Sam could feel the tears gathering in his eyes, but he fought
them back. There was no telling what Lou would do if Sam started
crying.

"Now scoot all the way up to the couch until you can feel it with
your dick. Spread your legs so I can see your balls better."

Sam looked over his shoulder. "Please don't hit my bal-" Before
he could even finish, Lou popped him with the belt right on his
nuts. Sam held his breath, but he couldn't hold back the tears.

"Mel was right. You are a hard-headed little fuck. That's ten
more for moving when I told you not to, and another five for
opening your mouth. That's 45 licks now. Turn around and spread
your legs. Say anything else, and I'm going to have to stick
something in there to shut you up."

Sam did as he was told. From the way he was leaning, he couldn't
see Lou at all. Everything was quiet for a moment, and for a
second, Sam let his guard. The first swat sent a rush of fire up
Sam's back. The sound of his soft ass being punished hung in the
air. Sam cried out, regretting it immediately.

"That's another five," Lou said cruelly. Another swat came,
harder than before. Sam yelped again, and then apologized.
"That's another five. Keep it up, and you'll be here all day."
Sam managed to make it through the next three without making a
sound. But the one that followed caught him square on the balls,
and he jumped forward.

"My god, boy!" Lou said as he whacked Sam's tender ass again. Lou
was a pro, so it was easy for him to hit the same spots over and
over. Already Sam was developing a nice, rosy bruise across his
cheeks. "If you keep this up, you might end up with 100 licks!"

Lou got through the next ten without so much as a peep out of
Sam. He leaned forward as he switched and saw that Sam's face was
nearly as red as his ass. Tears were pouring down the boy's
cheeks, and he was doing everything in his power not to scream.
Lou whacked Sam across the small of his back, close to the boy's
hands, to see if Sam would reach for them, but he didn't. He
raised his hand up and slammed the belt onto Sam's tailbone. As
Sam screamed, the belt fell into his hands. He instinctively
grabbed it, and held on for dear life. In his mind he knew that
if he let go, Lou would tear him apart.

"Let it go," Lou said sternly, jerking on the belt. But Sam held
on. He didn't turn around at all, but he wouldn't let go.

"Please!" Sam begged. "It hurts! I'll be good, I promise!"

"Let it go," Lou said more firmly. There was a sudden coldness in
his voice that chilled Sam to his bones. But still he held on,
sobbing in fear.

"I'll be good, I swear!" Sam cried. "Please don't hit me!"

"Last chance," Lou said, jerking the belt as hard as he could.
Sam hissed as the rawhide burned his fingers, but he held on
tight. "Little motherfucker!"

Lou dropped the belt, snatching Sam by his arms. He spun the boy
around and slapped him across the face. Sam fell to the couch
with Lou's knee planted in his chest. Lou ignored the boy's pleas
and smiled cruelly. Sam followed Lou's hands as the man unzipped
his pants. As soon as the zipper was low enough, Lou's thick dick
burst free, still dripping with precum.

"I see you're going to have to learn the hard way," Lou said
flipping Sam over to his stomach with one hand, "to do what
you're told!"

Sam couldn't get his cries out fast enough. Lou's dick poked at
his puckered asshole, and instinctively Sam clenched his cheeks.
But Lou was having none of that, and with a hard punch to Sam's
side, the boy's ass cheeks went limp. Without any sort of
gentleness, Lou shoved half of his thick, 8-inch dick into Sam's
ass.

Sam groaned in pain, but Lou simply moved his hands to Sam's
hips, and shoved the rest of his dick into the boy's stomach.

"It's hurts!" Sam sobbed.

"It's supposed to, you little fuck," Lou said as he began to
slowly pump Sam's ass. He pulled his dick out only to the head,
and then slid it back in until he could feel Sam's burning ass
against his pelvis. The boy moaned in pain, begging for Lou to
stop.

Once Lou figured Sam was loosened up, he leaned over Sam like a
dog on it's bitch, and began to pound the seven year old's ass.
Sam tried to wiggle away, but there was no getting loose. Lou had
him, and his raging dick couldn't be stopped.

"No wonder you have such a hard head," Lou grunted. "Your little
cherry's never been popped."

Sam finally stopped struggling and laying there sobbing. Lou's
balls slapped against Sam's with each thrust. They were starting
to bubble over with cum, so Lou leaned closer to Sam.

"When you stop whining, I'll pull out and we'll finish your
licks. Keep it up, and I'll stay in your ass for the rest of the
day."

It only took a few moments for Sam to quiet down. Lou couldn't
hold his cum in any longer. He filled Sam's ass with load after
load of burning semen, digging further into Sam's ass. Lou pulled
out slowly, and wiped his dick on Sam's balls. He casually picked
up his belt, and told Sam to assume the position again. The boy
did as he was boy, shaking like crazy with fear.

"Now let's see if we can finish this time." Lou whacked Sam with
harshly with the belt. A little bit of Lou's cum spurt out as the
blow landed. Lou laughed and hit the boy again. Sam sucked in his
breath each time, but he never moved a muscle. After another ten
licks, Sam's cheeks were a purplish blue. And even though
normally Lou would count sniffling as making too much noise, he
decided to give Sam a break since he still had twenty licks to
go.

"Are you going to listen to me now?" Lou asked softly as he
started working towards the last ten licks. These he made sure
hit Sam's tiny ball sac. "Yes sir," Sam cried. He took his last
hit square in the balls, but didn't make a sound. Lou pulled him
by his shoulders and scooped him up in his arms. Sam cried
softly, too weak to wipe away the tears. When Lou tossed the belt
into Sam's lap, the boy began muttering, "I'll be good. I'll be
good."

"Oh, I know you will," Lou said, heading towards the kitchen.
Next to the back door was another door that looked sort of like a
closet. Lou knocked gently on it, and a voice called him. Sam
looked up as they went into a small bedroom. There was barely
anything in it. Just a small dresser, a night stand with a lamp,
a rocking chair, a couple of bookcases, and a bed with a
shirtless old man reading a newspaper.

Sam's stomach sank as Lou walked him over to the bed and held him
out for the old man to take. "He's all yours, Pa."

