"Leanne, Kirsty's touch literally repulses you. You are utterly heterosexual and rabidly homophobic. Kirsty, the same is true of you."
The girls paused only to mumble "yes, master," before recoiling from each other with such vigour that they actually rolled four feet off the pool table before they hit the ground.
"No, Leanne, I've changed my mind. You are proud of your bisexuality and exhibitionism. However, you prefer Janet. Janet, the same is true of you in regard to Leanne." With another acknowledgement, the two more experienced slaves dived into each other's arms and began to caress each other, lips tracing paths over all their playmate's erogenous zones.
I allowed myself a few brief moments to appreciate their fervent lust before turning back to Kirsty, who by this time had backed naked into a corner of the room, shoulder blades seemingly digging into the wall in an effort to distance herself from the two lovers as much as possible. But her loathing kept her eyes fixed on the two writhing slaves, an irony that amused me. I decided to leave her in that fear, but to plant other emotions in her mind. Among other things, the spell of the amber gems allows me to simply inform those affected of their feelings, or to command them to experience emotions by giving them an order to feel whatever I want them to feel. I decided to try out being a babe magnet on Kirsty.
"Kirsty, you are strongly attracted to me. So strongly, in fact, that it overcomes the repulsive force between you and the homosexual action behind me. It is..." I remembered what Mesmer had described hypnosis as once, and smiled at the irony, "animal magnetism. Now matter how much you want to stay away from the lesbians, you cannot help moving toward me."
A whispered "yes, master" and her feet pressed more firmly against the floor. Even as she frantically tried to back away from the women, she began to rise up on her feet until she was fully upright, though still right up against the wall. Her eyes still fixed on Leanne and Janet's uninhibited passions, she took a tentative, small step toward me, desperately trying to resist. Another two steps followly quickly, compulsively, her back arched away from the sight in front of her, her head shaking, wanting beyond measure to go no nearer to the woman she had been fingering but a few moments ago, but still unable to tear her eyes away.
In this fashion she made her way toward me until her sweat-soaked body pressed against me. At this point I realised that this would dirty my good business suit, so I pushed her away and began to disrobe. She came straight back, so I lifted her forcibly off the ground, said, "Do not bruise," and, when she acknowledged the order, threw her over the pool table. She reluctantly stood once more and began walking directly toward me, butting up against the pool table. While she began to clmaber forwards, crawling over it, I pulled my jacket off, loosened my tie, undid my collar button and my cuff buttons, and pulled the whole thing off over my head. Then I undid my trousers and simply let them slip to the floor.
She pulled herself over the near edge of the pool table and fell to the floor, landing nimbly and then rising once more to approach me. I love this; the impression of utterly irresistable power is a buzz like almost nothing else. If you've ever heard someone call power an aphrodisiac... it sure as fuck is.
She ended up pressed against me, shivering in delight to be there. Now that her back was turned to the kissing couple, she was able to give me her full attention. Only when a particularly load moan reached her ears did she flinch in disgust.
I smiled down into her raptly upturned eyes, then took her hands and put them on my underwear. Understanding, and willing to comply, she pulled them down, kneeling as she did so, and helped me step out of them. Then she took off my shoes and socks, and stood once more, pressing herself tight against me.
I took her head in my hands and kissed her, feeling her respond, her nipples hardening further so that they bored into me, her arms sliding sensuously around me in a lustful embrace. I took my hands away from her head and ran them down her back, letting them come to rest naturally on the curve of her backside. I slid them round to her hips and lifted her onto me.
She squealed in delight as my cock slid easily into her wetness, and kissed me all the harder. Her legs came up and wrapped themselves around me, and she began sliding herself along my length with rapturous moans of appreciation that escaped the seal of our lips.
And all the while, until I came and she came with me from instinct, her eyes remained fixed adoringly on my face, burning with passion. She took my breath away.
***
"Leanne, Janet, you are exhausted from your endeavours. You are so tired that even as I speak your eyes close in honest sleep. Your heads loll forward, and your bodies grow limp." This time their "yes, master" was almost a whisper, torn from their lips by great effort. But they had to acknowledge their commands before they could obey, and as the last syllables escaped their mouths they lost all ability to stand and collapsed to the floor together, a tangle of exhausted and strengthless limbs.
"Kirsty, you are rooted to the spot. Your legs are as motionless as if they had been carved from stone, while from your waist up your body is that of a mannequin's; you cannot move it yourself but it may be posed as any outsider chooses."
"Yes, master."
 I moved away from her and fetched a cloth from the sink. Then I walked back to her and lifted up her unresponsive hand, closing her fingers around the cloth.
"I am not going to rid you of your loathing for any suggestion of lesbianism, Kirsty, or at least not yet. But you are now going to wipe the sweat and other fluids from Leanne and Janet. And when I snap my fingers, you will suddenly find yourself enjoying the touch of their bodies so much that you will have an utterly irresistable urge to sixty-nine with Janet. But you will still be disgusted by the very notion of homosexuality. Now obey." And I snapped my fingers.
"Yes, master."
I wished I'd brought a camcorder in with me. I made a mental note to repeat this tomorrow and get video evidence. I watched Kirsty take the same hesitant, utterly repulsed yet compelled steps toward the dozing girls that she had taken earlier when I had compelled her to come to me. I decided to bring Janet out of it and get her ready to receive and repay Kirsty.
"Janet, you are not tired at all. You are wide awake but you are pretending to be asleep as you watch Kirsty through almost-closed eyes. This woman has been the subject of your desires for years and you're just waiting for her to show some signs of not being entirely straight to make your move. Even now you're unbelievably aroused."
"Yes, master."
Janet shivered at Kirsty's first touch and moaned as the cloth roamed over her breasts, wiping Leanne's saliva from her nipples. Kirsty shuddered at each sign of Janet's lust, but could not stop cleaning her.
It was while she was wiping Janet's juices and Leanne's drool from Janet's crotch that I snapped my fingers, suddenly eager to move onto the next step.
Kirsty gasped and tossed the cloth aside, manoeuvring for a position in which both she and Janet could service the other. Eagerly, each turned to their task, Kirsty still shuddering in self-disgust and utter shame.
"All right... and stop now, Kirsty. Let your emotions guide you once more."
A muffled and almost gargled "Yes, master" was followed instantly by Kirsty's screeching and frantic backpedalling from Janet. Once more she found herself pressed up in the corner of the room. But this time Janet stood, a puzzled expression of concern on her face. "What's wrong, Kirsty? I thought... I thought you were enjoying it." She took a perplexed pace forward. "I mean... you seemed to be enjoying it. All these years I've been wishing for you not to be the staid straight you always seemed to be, and then you come to me and... Is it me? Wasn't I good enough?" She sniffed. "I can change. I'll learn! Please... please, just give me a chance to learn. I love you." She took another step forward, her face desperate, swallowing. "I love you, Kirsty. I always have. I'll do anything... just tell me what I did wrong and I'll change it, I swear, no matter what. Please?"
Her speech burst out of her in a babble of anxious pathos, her eyes showing utter desperation at Kirsty's sudden reaction. I realised again the sheer power I had over these girls; I hadn't bothered to erase Janet's knowledge of her true self - I never did - and in the life she had led, Janet's attitude was only a little less vehement than the attitude I had bestowed on Kirsty. Here was a woman who couldn't imagine how anyone could derive pleasure from the time-honoured sport of muff-diving, begging desperately for the attentions of a woman merely because my words had rendered her so utterly in - well, love didn't seem the right word - HEAT for Kirsty. This in spite of knowing that her emotions had been fabricated; they had no more right to reality than any other figment of my imagination.
And yet...