Karen and Michelles Sad Story Part 2 Michelles Story Chapter 62

By Redlegtiger 
Edited by Guilty Karma and msboy8@yahoo.com
Redlegtiger@hotmail.com

Please remember that this is fantasy and anyone thinking that they should do these things in real life, deserve to be locked up and have the key thrown away and play sissy slut to their cell mate for eternity.  If you are not at least 18 years of age please leave.

Chapter 62, 

Nancy called up the stairs to let the girls know that breakfast was ready.  Michelle paused telling the story and they scrambled to put on a long T-shirt and helped Sarah down to the kitchen.  After eating a quick breakfast of scrambled eggs and sausage they helped Sarah into a wheelchair.  They then wheeled her down to the cabin. 

When they entered the cabin Aminda said, Which one of us do you want to play with for therapy this morning?

Sarah answered, I want to do you both the first time.  Lets put Shelle on this cross thing.

Aminda interrupted, Thats a St. Andrews Cross mistress.

Sarah looked at her with a flash of anger at being interrupted and continued, St. Andrews Cross then.  Next time, dont interrupt me when Im talking.  You are supposed to be my slave and slaves dont interrupt their mistresses.

Aminda was surprised at the outburst and immediately got on her knees and bowed her head submissively.  She assumed the position for asking permission to talk.  Michelle took up a position immediately next to Aminda.  They waited as Sarah ordered, Now you put Shelle on the cross so I can get my therapy done that you promised me.  What do you want Minda?

Aminda said, I beg your forgiveness for interrupting you mistress.  I just wanted to help.  I promise to not interrupt in the future.  Please start with me first instead of Shelle.  Take your anger out on me and not my Shelle.

Sarah smiled at the submissiveness and the willingness of Aminda to sacrifice herself.  She said, No, I gave you my order so well do it like I said.

Aminda and Michelle got up and Aminda locked Michelle into the cross.  When she was done, she wheeled Sarah over to the whip wall and let Sarah choose which item she wanted to use.  She chose a deerskin flogger because of how soft the strands felt.  Aminda wheeled her back over to Michelle and positioned her to the left, just far enough so she would be in the perfect position to flog her.  Aminda stood back and Sarah took a couple of practice swings to get a feel for the flogger.  She then began to flog Michelle with all of her strength.  

To Michelle, it felt like a warm up whipping, a whipping to just get the skin to redden up and get a little tender before the real punishment.  But Sarah was putting all of her strength into it.  She hadnt gotten back all of her strength yet.  Michelle cringed but didnt cry out as she was flogged.  After about twenty minutes she did begin to whimper from the fire that was beginning to build in her belly and on her back and ass.  She felt as if she would cum if she kept at it long enough.  

Sarah was oblivious to the excitement building in Michelle.  When she hit thirty minutes, she stopped flogging her.  Michelle screamed out NOOOoooooo Dont stop.  Im so close.

Sarah said, Good, thats just the way I want you on the edge.  Minda, take her down and bring her to me.

Aminda followed her mistresss orders immediately, not wanting to upset her mistress again.  She unlocked the cuffs holding Michelles wrists and ankles to the cross and helped her down. 

When she was done Sarah ordered, Now carry her over here and present her cunt to me.  I think she needs a little help and I want to do the honors.  Hold her up by her thighs with her back against you and then bring her to me.  Straddle my legs so I dont have to lean over too much.

Aminda picked up Michelle like Sarah ordered.  Michelles sore back was mashed up against Amindas tits and added to the pain she was feeling.  The fire was building in her cunt because of it.  Aminda pulled her thighs apart and exposed her dripping cunt.  She moved into position, straddling Sarahs legs so that Michelles cunt was only about a foot in front of Sarah.  Sarah leaned forward and began to suck and lick Michelles cunt.  She let out a long, MMmmmm that tastes good and continued to lick, suck and chew on her slaves cunt lips and clit.  

It wasnt more than a couple of minutes later that Michelle came hard, screaming out, Yes mistress.  That feels so good mistress.  Thank you for letting me cum mistress.

When Michelle finally came down from her cum she said, That was so wonderful mistress.  Thank you.  I am ready to help you with my Minda.

Sarah said, You are very welcome my little slut.  Minda, why dont you put her down and lets go over to the area so we can hook you up to the shackles hanging from that support beam.

This time Michelle wheeled Sarah over to the area where Aminda would be whipped.  Michelle stopped and then went over to the wall to lower the shackles.  When they were low enough, she locked Aminda in and then began to lift her up.  She lifted her until her toes were just touching the floor.  Michelle tied off the rope and then took Sarah back to the wall of whips.  

Sarah handed the flogger back to Michelle and pointed to the thin cane.  Michelle shuddered at the choice.  She knew that Aminda was going to be punished much worse than she was.  She wheeled Sarah back to Aminda and positioned her to the right of her so that she had good access to her for using her left hand.

Sarah looked at Michelle and said, Why are you putting me here Shelle.  Im right handed, you know that.

Michelle answered and said, Remember that this is therapy mistress.  We need to exercise both of your arms.  Please use your left arm and build up strength in it.  If you do this right, you will be able to use either arm well in the future.

Sarah thought about it for a minute and then nodded her head okay.  Sarah took a few swings with her left hand to get a feel for the cane.  Then she started caning Aminda.  It was a weaker swing than with her other hand, but the cane was a harder more unforgiving implement.  The welts she left were a bright pink, not the deep red of a typical caning.  But the caning went on for 18 minutes before Sarahs arm gave out.  Amindas ass was just beginning to turn a good red tone.  There were pink stripes up and down her back as well.  

Sarah paused to get her breath.  She said, Move me to the left of her front side.  I will finish the rest of her thirty minutes with my right hand on her front.  I think I want to add some color to her tits.

Michelle moved her into position as ordered.  Sarah began to really hit into Mindas tits.  It wasnt as bad as times at Clearview but it was painful.  When the cane hit her nipples, she screamed out in pain.  When it was getting to the end of the thirty minutes, Sarah began to move the cane down Mindas body.  Sarah spent the last few minutes, caning right across the front of Mindas pussy mound.  This brought out a loud scream from Minda that lasted for the duration of the caning.  

Aminda began to feel the fire within her spread after the first few minutes on her back.  When her mistress began to cane her tits, the pain sent a hot fire straight to her cunt.  The pain mixed with pleasure and she began to climb the slope to a good strong cum.  As Sarah caned down her front the pain and pleasure increased more and more but she couldnt quite get over the edge.  It was when Sarah started caning her on her pussy mound that the pain really fed her pleasure center.  It was on the third strike of the cane when she tripped over the edge and began cumming very hard.  She screamed out in a combination of pleasure and pain as her mistress continued to cane her.  She came for the duration of the caning.  She only began to come down from the height of pleasure when the caning stopped.  She slumped down in her bindings, barely aware of what was going on around her.

Shelle went over to the rope when Sarah was finished caning Aminda and began to slowly lower her down.  She lovingly removed the shackles and then went to a cabinet and got down a salve to rub into her love.  She put the salve down next to Aminda and then helped Sarah out of the chair and down to a sitting position next to Aminda.  Shelle sat down on the other side of her and held the salve out to Mistress Sarah.

Sarah took a scoop of salve and began to rub it into Mindas back.  Shelle did the same to her front.  After about ten minutes of rubbing in the salve, they finished.  Minda sat up and hugged Sarah as she sobbed out the last of the pain.  It was almost gone now that they had rubbed the salve in.  After a few minutes she let go and said, I hope mistress enjoyed herself using her slaves.  Thank you for bringing me to a wondrous cum mistress.

Sarah said matter of factly, Im horny.  Lets go to the cave and play with our guards a bit.  And then Shelle can continue telling me the story of your pony training at the Baybee Ranch.  I want you to take me in the pony cart.  Thats going to be our normal mode of transportation from now on.  It makes it easy for me to get around, and it keeps my two slaves in top condition from the exercise.

Both Aminda and Michelle scrambled to comply with their mistresss orders.  Michelle got the wheelchair while Aminda picked up Sarah and placed her in it.  Michelle wheeled her to the stables while Aminda walked beside.  As they approached the Barn with the stables, Laura came bounding down to them to say hello.  She acted every bit the dog she had become.  She followed them to watch in curiosity what they would do.  She hadnt had the privilege of having children around to play with for many years, even if they were teenagers. 

They all went into the barn and up to the stall with the pony girl equipment.  Sarah reached into the huge box with the pony girl outfits in them.  She picked up the open leather bras they had worn the day before.  She called first Aminda and then Michelle over to her and she helped them but the bra on and tightened it down so that their breasts ballooned into softball size orbs.  She then helped them into the body harness that had horizontal straps above and below their tits.  Then two more strips on their stomachs and one across the top of their pubic mound.  There were three vertical straps.  Two that went over their shoulders and went down to a ring that hooked to the dildo in their cunts.  One that attached to the front and back of their collar and went down between their tits and down to the ring that connected to the dildo.  The back was the same way.  Where-ever the straps joined, they were connected by a silver ring.  There were silver studs that covered the straps.  It was a very erotic look.  They let Sarah put their pony tail butt plugs in and strap on their mane hoods.  She let them help each other put on their boots.  The final touch was the dildo that they took in their mouths.  Aminda didnt wear the bite bit like she had previously.  Sarah knew what she was doing this time so they both used the dildos.  

When they were outfitted correctly, the two slaves helped Sarah into the cart, put the folded up wheelchair on the hook on the back and they got in front and picked up the cart.  Michelle reached down and petted her grandmother and told her, Youll have to stay here grandma.  We are going out to our secret hideaway and dont want anyone else there.  Well see you when we get back.

The girls took off at a canter in perfect pony girl form.  They made good time and arrived at the cave in just less than an hour.  When they got there they were all out of breath from the long run.  Sarah yelled, I want my guard down here now if you could.  The other two of you can stay out here.

The guard came riding a horse around the draw that led up to the cave.  He dismounted and tied up the horse.  He soon joined the girls at the cave entrance.  Sarah ordered, I want you to release my ponies first and help them out of their outfits so they can enjoy our little secluded pool in the cave.  Then you can carry me in and help me scratch an itch of my own.

The guard set immediately to doing what Sarah asked.  He wasnt about to turn down the opportunity to get his hands on the nubile teen flesh before him.  He took his time about doing it and got in quite a few gropes on each girls tits and cunt.  He even fucked the dildos in and out a bit before removing them.  He did the same with the butt plugs.  He could tell that the two girls were enjoying the extra attention.  When he finished with them he slapped them on their bare butt and sent them into the cave.  He thanked his lucky stars that he had been assigned to the girls.  He couldnt ever imagine a better fringe benefit than what he and the other two guards got.  He missed out yesterday, but today he would get to enjoy their attention.  He turned to Sarah and picked her up.  He carried her into the cave entrance to the pool inside the cave.  The other two girls were already in the water, cooling down from the long run.

When the guard carried Sarah into the cave she asked, Did my dad talk to you guys about our special request of you three?

The guard answered, Yes miss.  He said that we are to help you in any way you ask.  He made sure to let us know that that included if you wanted us to have sex with you.  We will help fix the cave up to your specifications as he directed and we will also keep the location secret.  We turned off our transponders just before we got to the waterfall.  They know that we will come on line immediately if there is a problem.  One of us is to ride back to the waterfall path and check in once per hour.  I think that will be sufficient to keep them happy.  When you are back at the house, we will work on the cave.  Ive already ordered a large generator and lights for the cave.  The generator will be inside and will be vented up through the roof.  We will enclose it so that the sound is muffled.  Once we have that done, we can proceed with the rest.  I think it best if the six of us sit down and draw up some plans which we can work off of.  That will let us know what we need to order.  We can do it tonight if you like.

Sarah answered, Good.  Lets do that.  But right now I could use that hard cock youve got there.  I need you to put it to work.  So help strip me down and then get out of those clothes.  Im horny.

The security guard stripped Sarah out of her clothes and then stripped himself.  You never saw a man strip faster.  He was about to fuck a beautiful, rich, fourteen year old girl and he was pretty sure he was going to be her first.  When they were both naked, he picked her up and took her to a nice sandy area.  He went back out to the horse and took off the saddle and grabbed the saddle blanket.  He rushed back into the cave and laid it down next to Sarah.  

He picked Sarah up and moved her to the blanket and had her lay down on it.  He then began to kiss and nibble on her ears and neck.  After a few moments he began to French kiss her as he began to stroke her nipples with his fingers.  He wanted to fuck her in the worst way, but he wasnt going to rush things.  He wanted to make this perfect for her.

In the water, Aminda and Michelle were watching what was going on.  They were standing in water that was up to their tits.  They had a hand on each others cunt and were playing with each others clit and cunt lips.  As the guard started to kiss Sarah, Aminda reached over and pulled Shelles head to her and began to kiss her while they both watched Sarah and the guard.  

The guard worked his way down, tonguing and kissing down Sarahs neck and on to her tits.  He spent an inordinate amount of time licking, nibbling and sucking on both of her tits and nipples.  He put his hand down and began to rub his fingers through her pubic hair.  That was soon followed by his hand fingering her sweet young cunt and clit.  When he started to go down to eat her out she grabbed his head and said, Uhuh.  I want your cock in me now.  Ive been eaten out enough lately.  I want a cock in me NOW.

They guard, not one to disobey an order like that moved over Sarah and lined his cock up to her entrance.  He slowly lined up the head of his cock with her slick hole and began to move it back and forth across the entrance.  

The guard soon heard her groan and exclaim, Enough teasing.  Fuck me this instant.  He slowly sank his cock into her cunt.  The first thing he noticed was that Sarah was not a virgin.  But he knew that she hadnt had very many.  What he didnt know was that he was her second.  Her father had been her first, at Karens prompting.  He began to slowly fuck Sarah.  He didnt want to rush this for himself or for her.  

Sarah had been excited all morning.  His ministrations at the beginning took her to the edge and on the first couple of strokes she squeaked out in ecstasy.  He kept on fucking her with slow gentle strokes.  That had the effect of pushing Sarahs excitement higher and higher without letting her come down.  Each succeeding cum was more and more powerful.  She was on the edge of another cum when she felt him start to pump his hot cum into her cunt.  It was enough to put her over the edge and she screamed out in glorious ecstasy until she was out of breath and passed out. 

Aminda and Michelle had been fingering themselves and making out the entire time they watched their mistress getting the fucking she desperately wanted.  They had brought each other to the brink and had maintained it.  They wanted to time their cum to when Sarah had her most powerful orgasm.  They were so connected, that they could tell just when to slow down and let the other recover.  When they saw the guard start to get jerky in his motions they knew the time wouldnt be long.  They increased their efforts on each others cunts.  When Sarah began to scream out and the guard had fucked in and groaned in obvious pleasure.  They put each other over the edge and had a nice comfortable cum.  As they came, the intense emotions that cascaded through their very being were shared with the other and their mutual orgasm seemed to continue on and on.  Their cum wasnt as good and strong as some of their best cums but was among the top ten and definitely the most satisfying.  They both had shared emotions with each other for the past couple of years, but this was the first time that they shared the glorious aftermath of cumming with each other.  They eventually collapsed into the water away from each other.  The coldness of the water covering their faces brought them quickly to awareness.  They quickly came out of the water coughing and sputtering.

Sarah and her guard had quickly recovered from their cum and when they heard the long moans of pleasure coming from the pool of water, they watched Aminda and Michelle with their arms between them crossed with their hands under the waterline.  It was obvious to them that the two were fingering each other through their cums.  They watched in amazement as the two seemed to cum endlessly.  When they both collapsed into the water, Sarah screamed Help them to no one in particular and the guard got up and began rushing towards the pool.  When Aminda and Michelle came shooting out of the water, coughing and sputtering from inhaling water, Sarah and the guard began laughing at them.  The guard was laughing more in relief than anything else.  The two girls in the water blushed from embarrassment.  

Sarah finally said to the guard, You know, since we are going to be getting closer with you three guards, why dont you tell us what we should call you guys by.  I mean, I dont want to just say Hey guard, I want to fuck.  I want to be able to call you by the name you go by.

Sarahs guard looked back at her and back at the other two girls that were climbing out of the water.  He silently thanked god over and over for being assigned duty to guard the girls.  He was going to really enjoy his assignment.  When he heard Sarah clear her throat and say, Earth to guard.  What are your names that we should call you by.

The guard shook himself out of his stupor and looked back at Sarah and answered, You can call me Gar which is a nickname I got from high school.  My real name is Garron.  Amindas guard goes by Hairy, you all will know why when you see him naked.  His real name is George.  Finally, Michelles guard goes by Trip but his real name is Tim.  He got his nickname on his first assignment because he tripped over a cat and fell into a room holding a priceless artifact that was protected by a laser alarm system.  He set it off and brought the entire police department down on the building.  The guys started teasing him and calling him trip because of it and it stuck.  He laughs about it now, but it was a huge thing then.

Sarah said, Well Gar, its been fun but the three of us have some things we want to talk about alone.  Would you bring the bag on the pony cart?  There is something there that we need.  

The guard quickly went to the cart that was just at the entrance, and out of site of any stray onlookers should they stumble on the entrance to the cave.  He quickly returned with the bag and handed it to Sarah.  When he did he said, Give me a call just before you guys want to leave and Ill come get the horse blanket.  Ill need to saddle the horse before we head back.  The guard turned and left to join the other two guards.

When the guard had left, the three girls sat on the blanket.  Sarah took the recorder out of the bag and said, Its time to pick up where we were interrupted this morning for breakfast.  I think you were both being taken to a punishment arena or something.



We were being led out of the barn when I heard a scream coming from a distance to the right.  I looked and from about a quarter of a mile away, I saw a naked girl pulling a cart.  She wasnt pony stepping or anything.  We werent given any time to get a closer look.  I soon felt a pain surge through my ass where Fyre had swatted me with the riding crop.  We hurried up and crawled a couple of hundred feet to the edge of the punishment arena.  The arena was no more than a big hole that had been dug into the ground.  It was about 200 feet long and 100 feet wide at the center and there was a huge tree in the middle of the grassy area in the center.  It was about fifty feet deep and from the center area it had a level that came up eighteen inches and was two feet deep then up another level the same height and depth until it got to the top where we were overlooking the arena.  It was full of students, staff and slaves.  At one end was a downward incline so that things could be brought into the arena.  

The screams were getting closer and I could also hear the girl yelling at the slave whipping her, You are going to pay for this.  My mom and dad wont stand for this.  Im not supposed to be treated like the slaves here.  I know they signed a contract that allowed me to be a normal student.  Daddy will bring all sortsaaaaaaaiiiiieeeeeeeeeeee. You mother fucker, I said quit it.  You cant treat me like this.  

She kept yelling and screaming like that the whole way to the arena.  The slave made her go to the incline and pull the cart into the center of the grassy area at the bottom.  She pulled up to Mistress Baybee and finally the whipping stopped.  The girl collapsed and cried on the spot.  The slave went to the back of the cart and picked up a gold statue and took it to the headmistress.  He said, Mistress, we found her in the old storage bunker.  Here is your statue that she took.  You will also note that she also had the pony cart that you punished Fyre for last month when it disappeared.  She was apparently planning on escaping.  She had several weeks supplies saved up and enough water for her to make it to town.  I would bet that if you hadnt noticed the statue missing, she would have been gone tonight.

Mistress Baybee responded angrily, Well we wont have to worry about that anymore now.  Come hear you bitch.  She reached down and pulled the girl up by her hair. 

The girl reached up to her head, trying to knock the headmistresss hands away from her hair as she screamed in pain.  Mistress Baybee didnt let go until the girl was standing on her feet in front of her.  Then she let her hair go and slapped her hard across the face.  She held up a sheet of paper in front of the girls eyes and ordered her to read it.  I couldnt tell what it said, but it wasnt good because the girl started sobbing uncontrollably.  Mistress Baybee explained it to her just to drive the point home saying, Thats right you stupid little cunt.  When I showed your parents the security video of you taking my statue and then showed them the estimated value, they washed their hands of you.  They had sent you here as a last chance to change your ways and you failed miserably.  They told you this was your last chance but you didnt believe them.  When they asked me what I wanted in restitution, I told them the only thing I wanted was to be made your permanent guardian.  They gladly faxed me the signed document and are currently sitting down with a lawyer and a judge that I arranged for to make it final.  You belong to me now and I can do anything I want with you.  No more of this spoiled little rich girl routine.  You have two options to choose from after your punishment.  You will be either a stable slut or a kennel slut.  Choose now and that will be your fate.

The girl cried as she said, I dont want to do either.  I wont choose.

Mistress Baybee laughed and said, Fine then.  You will alternate between being a kennel slut and a stable slut.  Youll start after your punishment.  Slaves prepare her to meet her new mates.

Two male slaves grabbed her by her arms and forced her over to a bench that I hadnt noticed being brought into the arena.  They strapped her onto the bench, dumped a bottle of yellowish liquid over her and then another bottle was emptied in equal parts into her cunt, her ass and then she was forced to drink the last third.  When they were done, they left.  Mistress Baybee went to an open seat on the first row where the teachers and Mistresses were sitting.  After she sat down she ordered, Let the boys loose.

Within moments, I heard a deep barking sound getting closer and soon about a dozen of the biggest dogs either Aminda or I had ever seen came tearing down the ramp into the arena.  We later found out that they were pure bred Australian Mastiffs.  Every one of those dogs was over 200 pounds and they were after one thing.  I felt sorry for the poor girl but I also was glad that it was someone else and not Aminda or me.  I looked at Aminda and she was turning her head toward me at the same time.  I realized then that we were thinking the same thing.  I confirmed it with her later too. 

The dogs rushed up to the girl and the first one there began to lick her cunt.  The second one went to her face and began to lick her face and in her mouth.  The girl screamed loudly until the dog forced his tongue into her throat.  She bit down on the dogs tongue in response.

The dog yelped and backed away and growled at her, teeth barred.  She refused to open her mouth and the dog began to move closer and closer to her.  She turned her head away and the dog barked once, growled deeply and long, then bit her ear, maiming it.  The girl screamed in pain and blood flowed down the side of her face.  The girl was hysterical now and begging to be let go.  She turned her head the other direction but still refused to open her mouth when the dog tried to stick its tongue in her mouth.  She was bitten on the other ear this time, maiming it as well.  Both of her ears were now just shredded flesh and bleeding profusely. 

Mistress Baybee finally said calmly, I would open your mouth and suck on his tongue if I were you.  Hes trained to go after your sweet little nose next.  If you want to keep your face looking halfway presentable, you will submit to my boys.  You chose your fate so now you have to live with the consequences of your choices.  Im quite sure that you will never steal another item in your life by the time Im done with you.

The girl finally gave in and opened her mouth and held it open.  The big mastiff was soon extending his tongue down her throat.  The girl couldnt move but you could tell that she was sobbing deep full body sobs.  The other dogs began to lick her all over her body.  All of the dogs cocks began to extend down and harden.  The dogs at her ass and head soon mounted her and began trying to sink their cocks into the poor girl.  The one at her head was the first to find its mark.  The girls eyes popped open wide as the cock was forced deep into her throat.  You could see her trying to throw up but the cock plugged her throat completely.  

Soon after that, the dog at her ass found its mark and the cock went in about a third of the way.  The dog moved his hind legs closer to the girl and then humped in hard, ripping through the girls cherry.  I could hear the scream from around the cock plugging her throat.  Blood was soon trickling down her thighs as the dog began to fuck in machinegun like fashion like only dogs can do.

The dogs fucked her to the cheers and taunts of the Dommes in the crowd.  You could tell the slaves because they were all surprised at the ferocity of the way the dogs were going at the girl and they knew that they were being made to watch as a warning that it could be them.  They were receiving that message loud and clear.  They couldnt imagine what the rest of the punishment could be if this was just the beginning.

The dog fucking the girls cunt sank his knot in and then began to cum.  He howled out his victory over his bitch.  The one fucking her throat was still pounding away, smashing his knot into her nose and face over and over.  Her nose was bleeding from the punishment.  It was obvious to anyone looking that the girl was in pain.  Soon the one fucking her mouth began to cum just as the one in her cunt turned ass end to ass end.  That was what one of the dogs was waiting for because he was soon on her back straddling the other dog with his hind legs.  He began to hump forward until the tip of his cock found her anal rosebud.  The cock sank a short way in and the girl screamed.  At first the scream was muffled from the cock in her throat.  The dog pulled out about half way through the scream and the last couple of sprays of cum hit her in the face.  The girl threw up what seemed like gallons of cum.  Im sure it wasnt but it was a lot more than I thought was possible.  

She didnt have time to recover either.  Soon another mastiff took his place and again began to fuck her throat.  Thats the way it went for the next three hours.  It was lunch time when the final dog finished fucking the poor girl.  She was in a state of shock by then.  All of the fight had left her.  The slaves led the dogs out of the arena and back to the kennel.  Two slaves pushed a wheeled table into the center of the arena.  They locked the wheels into place and then removed the girl from the bench and put her on her back on the table.

Mistress Baybee got up and went to the girl strapped to the table.  She opened a box that a slave put on the table.  In one hand she pulled out an awl.  In the other hand she had what I later found out was a four gage ring that was two inches around.  She pinched and pulled on the girls left nipple and sucked on it until she was satisfied that it was as big as it would get.  Then she put the awl at the edge of the areola and pushed it through to the other side of the areola.  The pain was enough to wake the girl out of her stupor and cause her to scream again.  The large ring was forced through the piercing and then sealed shut.  The procedure was repeated for her right tit.  

The headmistress then started pinching and playing with the girls clit.  She bent her head down and began to suck on it hard, chewing and biting with her teeth.  She had the poor girl screaming in pain as she tortured the poor girls clit.  Soon she was satisfied and she took the awl and pierced under the clit, taking a quarter of an inch of skin on either side of it.  She pushed the large ring through and sealed it shut.  Finally she put the awl on the right side of the girls septum in her nose and pushed the awl through.  She pushed the fourth ring through and sealed it shut.  The girl now had hideously large, steel, four gage, two inch rings in her tits, clit and nose.  

A slave came up with a tattoo kit and handed it to the headmistress.  She proceeded to tattoo above the girls tits and above her pubic hair.  Above the girls right tit was the word KENNEL.  Above the left tit was the word STABLE.  In between the girls tits was the & symbol.  Above her pubic area was the word SLUT.

When Mistress Baybee was done, she had the slaves put a wooden horse under the tree.  The top rail of the horse was cut to a point and had a jagged edge on it.  They removed the girl from the table and put her on the horse so that she straddled it.  The girls cunt was spread so that the edge hit her internal lips and the weight of her body would be forced onto her newly pierced clit.  Small ropes were tied to her new tit rings and thrown over the tree limb about ten feet above her.  The slaves pulled the rope until her tits were being pulled upward by the new tit rings.  The girl was groaning loudly from the pain.  The ropes were tied to the girls wrists which were cuffed behind her.  For the next hour we watched as the girl suffered from the abuse her cunt was being forced to take.  It was already sore from the dogs fucking her and now this added to the injury.  

During that hour, a big, deep tank was brought into the arena.  Its walls were about twelve feet high.  They moved it next to the girl so she could see it as they filled it.  I know she was wondering the same thing we were.  That was What in the world were they going to do next.

At the end of the hour, the girl was released from the wooden horse.  The head slave took a twelve food steel rod and pushed it through the tit rings.  They put her in the tank and adjusted the tension so that she had to either tread water or let the rings hold her weight.  After about twenty minutes of treading water, she wore out.  Her entire weight was being held by the two newly pierced tits.  She was left in the tank for the remaining three hours of the day.  She was removed from the tank and carried out to the kennel.  

Mistress Baybee announced, Thats all for today.  Tomorrow after training, we will start with the second phase of her punishment.  Rest assured that she will suffer just as bad or worse tomorrow.  She is being taken to the kennels for the night.  She will spend the night entertaining our canine friends and will be back for the rest of her punishment tomorrow.

We were led back to our stalls.  We found our stallions already there.  I didnt wait to be ordered.  Before I did anything else, I crawled to him and began to play with his cock.  When he was hard I began to lick and suck on his cock.  When he started cumming I quickly pointed his cock toward the collection container until he quit coming.  When I was sure he couldnt come any more I took the container to the place at the end of the aisle between the stables.  There was a slave there to take it off of my hands.  I passed Aminda coming out of her stall carrying her container as I headed back to mine.

The next morning was a repeat of the previous morning.  We woke up and were made to exercise, pony stepping in place until we were exhausted.  We did hear cheers from the arena coming into the stable from the arena about half way through the pony stepping training.  We finished about an hour after the cheering started.  When we were led out to the arena, we saw the girl being punished in the center of the arena.  She was strapped to a big stand that had support stands to the left and right of her head.  There was a big stallion fucking her in the ass at the time.  We got there just in time to see the horse cum.  You could see the cum shooting out of her ass and shooting back a couple of feet.  From the amount of cum on the ground under her and on her, it was apparent that she had entertained several horses already.  As that horse was being led off, another was being brought in.  This horse was guided into her cunt and he fucked her for several minutes. When that horse was done coming, a smaller pony was brought in and led to her head.  She didnt hesitate to open her mouth.  It seemed she had learned her lesson.  The pony fucked her throat until he came and then it was another horse in the ass. 

At about ten thirty, slaves came up to the girl and released her from the stand.  They first put a ring gag on her and then dragged the girl to a bare area in the arena that I hadnt noticed before.  She was staked down in the center of the bare dirt.  There was a mound that was about a foot and a half from her cunt.  The slaves squirted her with honey on her tits, in her cunt, her ass and on and around her mouth.  They then began to kick the hill until it was even with the ground.  We were quite a distance from it but I could see the ants beginning to swarm.  After my experience with the ants on the dildos, I had some idea of what the girl was going through.  But the ants were soon swarming over her and into her wide open cunt and ass.  Her tits and mouth were soon covered as well.  All she could do was scream in agony.  They only let this go on for about thirty minutes.  They wanted her to be punished, not killed.

At the end of the thirty minutes, two male pony slaves pulled a large wagon containing water down next to the girl.  One of the attending slaves got on top of the wagon while another one got a hose attached to it.  The slave on the wagon began pumping on a lever that looked like one of those old hand pump rail cars you always see in movies.  When he started pumping, water came shooting out of the hose.  He started directing the water at the girl and washing the ants off of her.  She was red and swollen all over her body from the abuse.  After washing the ants off of her he took extra care to ensure they were washed out of her as well.  He first stuck the hose in her cunt.  The first few moments, the water was red from the ants and the blood from all of the bites.  When he stuck it up her ass, the nozzle was big enough to prevent the water from coming out.  He kept it there until the girls stomach had swollen and she began to hoarsely scream in agony again.  Only then did he remove the nozzle and let the water stream out.  It too was red from the ants and blood at first before it ran clear.  He repeated the enema another time to ensure she was cleaned out properly.

When she was cleaned off, the girl was put back on the stand and the horses were brought back in to fuck her.  This time the girl screamed bloody murder from the fire that was going through her.  The ants had tenderized he cunt, ass and mouth.  You could tell the girl was in misery.  I looked over at Mistress Baybee and she was as happy as Ive seen any master or mistress at torturing a slave.  I think she was getting off on bringing the poor girl down from her rich bitch status to powerless little slave girl.  She had the added motivation of punishing her for stealing that statue too.  

The girl was fucked for the rest of the morning until after lunch.  That was when the final punishment was done.  The slaves took a stand and placed it under the limb of the tree next to the tree trunk.  There was a heavy, flat metal base that was anchored into the ground by four stakes.  Extending up out of the center of the stand was a three inch round metal rod.  It came up from the ground about four feet.  The top end tapered down to a rounded off point.  Once the stand was in place, the rod was unscrewed from the base.

The slaves took her over to the tree and made her stand on a pair of cinder blocks set up on the long end. They then tied her arms around the tree, pushing her sorely abused tits into the rough bark. They threw another rope over the big limb and attached each end to one of her nipple rings.  There was a chain attached from each of the nipple rings to her clit ring so tightly that if any more tension was put on them, it would start to tear the skin around the ring in her clit.  The rope connecting her tit rings to the big branch was just slack enough so that if she jumped off it would go tight about four inches above the ground.  

Once the girl was tied up to the tree a slave took the three inch diameter rod and placed it on the ground next to the girl.  He adjusted the length so that it came up to the girls belly button.  He then marked the setting for that height and collapsed the rod down so he could fit the tapered end into the cunt.  He pushed the tip of the rod into her cunt and right to her cervix.  Once it was butted up against her cervix he extended it out to the marking he set which forced it through her cervix and into her womb.  He screwed the rod back onto the base when it wouldnt go in any more.  Once everything was in place the cinder blocks were replaced by blocks of ice that had a four by four piece of wood on it.  That pulled the rod back to her cervical opening and allowed more slack on the rope connecting her tits to the limb.  

The slave explained to her what was going to happen.  He said, If you step off the ice or lose your balance and fall off, the fall will pull the rings out of your tits and clit.  Then we will hammer nails into your tits for grins.  We are going to pack ice around the rod at the base as well.  As the ice melts the rod will push through your cervix and to the top of your uterus.  By the way, if you fall, it will pierce your womb.  You should also feel the effects of the ice on the rod too.

You could see her eyes go wide in fear when that was explained to her.  The slaves finished packing ice around the base of the rod.  Then the melting started.  In the heat of the Australian outback it didnt take long.  By the end of the first hour, at least an inch of the rod had gone through her cervix.  The metal rod transferred the cold to her cunt.  She began whimpering in pain as the cold started to cause needling splinters of pain in her inner cunt and cervix that you feel before you go numb with cold.  At the end of hour two, about three to three and a half had passed through the cervix.  She had begged for mercy through the entire time.  Finally at the end of the third hour the ice was gone and she was being supported only by the rounded small end of the rod against the top of her uterus and the rings in her cunt and clit.  She was whimpering in pain from her situation.  She had passed out from the pain but they werent done with her quite yet.

Two slaves came up to her and used smelling salts to wake her up.  Then they started whipping her with cat-o-nine tales.  She screamed as loud as she could, but it came out in a hoarse whisper.  They whipped her until her skin turned a deep, dark red color with streaks of blood trickling down her body in numerous places.  Finally they quit whipping her and she was taken down.  She was allowed to collapse in place and finally allowed to sleep.

That was the end of the punishment.  We saw the girl numerous times during our time at the ranch.  She would spend a night in the kennel one night and be fucked by all of the dogs in the kennel.  The next night she would be in the stable and go from stall to stall, fucking all of the horses.  That was her life from then on.  She would be fucked for hours at night and then she would be awakened in the morning like the rest of us.  During the day she would pull a heavy wagon full of hay into the stable by herself.  She would leave a clean pile of hay at the entrance of each stall during our exercise routine.  Then she would have to pick up the dirty straw with her mouth and put it in the wagon.  As you can imagine, that took her most of the morning.  That was her daily routine from then on.  

The next day was Saturday and we were awakened early on in our stalls.  We were taken to a large bathroom where we were cleaned inside and out.  We were taken out of the bathroom and dried off before the trainers brought us our dressing harnesses that we were measured for.  What you see us wear for the pony cart is what they gave us.  It was beautiful and we looked stunningly beautiful in them.  They fit us perfectly as well.  The big difference between the outfit then and now is that the tail had only one growth of hair on it and the hood had none.  Once we had our harness on and the dildos in our cunt and ass and our butt plug tail inserted we were ready for the next step.  We were taken to a room in the ranch mansion.  There we were taken by Fyre who pulled our hands behind our back and then put a leather sleeve on our arms.  She laced them up until our arms were completely secured from hand to the elbow.  This also caused our tits to be thrust out forward in a present posture.  

Once our arms were secured, Fyre put a collar on each of us that had a ring on the front.  Clamps that had teeth in them were screwed down onto our nipples.  I whimpered from the pain but it was nothing compared to the tortures we had been through before.  Once they were tightened down, a chain was hung from a hook on the bottom of the clamp.  Thats when we finally learned what we would be doing.  A tray was brought in and the end closest to our body was hung from our tits while the far end had a long chain attached to it.  The long chain was attached to the collar and adjusted so that the tray would stay level with no effort on our part. 

When they were done, we were made to walk back and forth across the room until we could do it without the tray obviously moving.  Then empty glasses were added and we went back and forth again until the glasses didnt move.  The empty glasses were replaced by full glasses and we again walked back and forth until we could manage to do it without spilling a drop.  

The next trick came as a surprise but shouldnt have.  We were made to bend over just enough so we could present ourselves to be fucked from the rear without spilling the drinks.  We were fucked royally with a dildo until we learned to brace our upper body so that the drinks werent spilled.  Once they were satisfied with our performance, we were taken to another room with a bunch of other girls dressed up like we were.  It seemed that there was going to be a big party and we were to be the serving girls.

That evening, the party started for real.  Aminda, myself and two other slaves were selected to serve drinks.  We mingled with the guests until one of them would order a drink from us.  When I got my order, I went to the bar and picked up the order.  Then carefully, I returned to deliver the drinks to the couple that ordered them.  

It was an hour into the party when I was fucked for the first time.  I had just picked up an order from the bar when a man stopped me.  He bent me over and proceeded to fuck me without warning.  I struggled to keep from spilling a drink.  It seemed as if the guy was trying to make me spill the drink.  He fucked me harder and faster, being sure to jar my body as much as possible.  I was just about to break and spill the drinks when he stopped and I could feel him cumming.  

One of the serving girls wasnt so lucky.  Another guy had forced her to spill the drinks on her tray.  After he finished fucking her, he had drug her up onto a stage area and took a flogger off of the wall.  He proceeded to flog the poor girl.  Apparently that was the whole purpose of the serving girls.  The masters or mistresses would fuck us and try to get us to spill the drinks on our trays.  If they succeeded, then the slave was taken to the stage and punished in front of the crowd.  By the end of the party, I had been whipped once and Aminda managed without a whipping.  The other two girls werent so lucky.  Each one of them was whipped more times than I could count.  

At the end of the party, there was a little ceremony.  One thing I had noticed throughout the evening was that there was a pair of young women that looked to be in their late teens to early twenties standing on either side of the stage in the present position.  They didnt move all night and kept their back completely straight all night.  I couldnt figure out how they could stand in that position so long without moving.  When Mistress Baybee came up to the stage, dressed in a long leather skirt and bustier, two male slaves came up and released the two pony girls.  When they moved away, the two pony girls moved to either side of Mistress Baybee.  They still looked like they were still standing artificially straight.  Mistress Baybee announced, Let me have your attention everyone.

When the murmur of conversation had stopped and all eyes were looking at the stage the headmistress continued, We are celebrating two things tonight.  First is the graduation of our two pony girls diamond and ruby.  They have passed all parts of their training.  As most of you know, diamond is the daughter of Master and Mistress Bainbridge and ruby is the daughter of Master Killman and pony girl fyre.  The two have passed their training so successfully that today at the pony races, they each won or placed in an event.  Diamond won the dressage competition and came in second in the individual 800 meter sulky race.  The winner of the 800 meter sulky race was none other than fyres daughter ruby.  She is definitely taking after her mother in that respect.  After tonights party both ponies will be allowed to leave with their masters.  They are yours to enjoy for the rest of the night.  Give them a round of applause.

The room erupted in applause.  Both girls looked like they were in seventh heaven from the applause and attention they were getting.  But they didnt break form.  They stood in perfect presentation mode with their hands behind their backs and their tits thrust forward.  Their legs were shoulder width apart, exposing their bare pussies.  

As soon as Mistress Baybee finished her speech, she stepped from the stage.  The two masters went up to their pony and immediately made them get on all fours facing each other.  They then proceeded to fuck their winning pony in front of the crowd.  When they came, they stepped back and invited the next master or mistress up. 

Mistress Baybee came up to me and said, I hope that next year it will be you up their.  I have high hopes for you and headpup.  Ive never seen two girls take to pony training like you have.  Keep up the good work and you too will be the focus of a party like this.  They just won one competition each, but if you win the overall trophy, we will have an all out bash for you along with a little surprise.  Now get back to work.  

I watched as she walked over to Aminda and told her the same thing.  When she left her Aminda looked at me and smiled and nodded her head yes.  I knew then that we were going for the cup.  That became our primary focus for training.  We committed ourselves, body and soul to that goal.

The party became one big orgy after that.  The masters and mistresses continued to fuck the server girls as well as the pony girls.  They still tried to get us to spill our drinks.  When it started getting late, I was becoming tired so I spilled them several times toward the end.  Aminda did much better than I did.  She was only whipped maybe three times.  I was whipped at least a dozen before the end of the party.  I could always feel her love for me when I was being whipped though and I always tried to return the favor when she was up there getting punished.  

It was early in the morning hours when we were finally taken back to the dressing room and stripped of our trays and clamps.  That really hurt worse than anything as the blood flowed back to my nipples.  I screamed in pain as did Aminda.  We couldnt move our hands up to rub them either.  The leather sleeves were the last thing that was taken off.  They wanted us to feel the full effect of the clamp removal and didnt want us to rub them when the clamps came off.  We were led back to the stables where our trainers met us and helped us out of our pony gear.  Only after that were we allowed back in our stalls to go to sleep.

Our training continued in the stalls the next morning for the first month.  After that we were taken to a track where we were made to pony walk around lap after lap.  Whenever one of us failed to step correctly we were whipped with the crop.  We were still being trained separately at that time.  But we were still tending to step at the same pace when we were going at the same time.  Even if we were on different tracks we stepped together at the same pace.  This training went on for another month.

When we got to the point that it was second nature to us and they werent ever having to punish us they would progress to the next step.  First we were trained to trot, then to canter.  Each time we would be whipped if we didnt keep our proper pony stepping form.  Even when we were cantering as fast as humanly possible, we were forced to keep perfect form.  

At first the training only took an hour in the morning, then two and finally most of the morning.  Then we progressed to training two hours in the morning and two in the afternoon, then three in both.  Finally we trained from breakfast to lunch, got an hour break for lunch and then we trained until dinner time.  About the middle of the third month we began to practice dressage in the evening.  That was where the emphasis was on form and presentation.  We were constantly posed in the show positions and punished if we werent in perfect position.  

To describe a typical day by the end of the third month, we would get up at five a.m. to the sound of the slave girl bringing in new straw.  We would wake up and tend to our stallions.  We could either suck them off or fuck them.  It was entirely left to us but we were encouraged to routinely rotate the technique.  After collecting the stallions cum and turning it in as we were instructed, we would take our stallion to the cleaning bay.  We would then hose him and us down with water.  We would clean the stallion by rubbing him down and then we would soap ourselves up with a special soap.  When we were covered in lather we would then use our body to wash the horse down.  The soap had special oils in it that made the horses coat shiny and it also made our skin smooth as silk.  When we finished cleaning and brushing our stallion down, we would take him to the paddock area where we would give him his feed bag.  We would return to the stall and push all of the dirty straw from the day before out to the aisle for the slave girl to pick up.  We would then move the clean straw into the stall and spread it around.  Only then did we get to eat our breakfast in the stall out of the feed bag.  Once we had eaten, we were taken to training.  On the way, we were taken to the paddock so that we could relieve ourselves.  Afterwards we went to the training track where we were put through our paces for the morning.  At lunch time we were taken back to the stalls.  We would stop at the paddock and get our horse to take back to the stall.  Once there we would take care of our stallion and take the cum to be deposited.  We were only allowed to eat after we gave the horse another feed bag of oats.  Once finished with lunch it was off to the track for more training.  We trained until dinner time.  We were taken back to the stall where we took care of our stallion and then ate dinner like we did at lunch.  After dinner we were trained in dressage until bedtime.  By the end of the day, we were totally exhausted.  We still had to take care of our stallion and then take the cum to the area for deposit.  Then we could lie down and go to sleep.  Neither one of us had any trouble falling asleep while we were at the school.  

About the middle of August our routine changed dramatically.  The first thing I noticed was that when we came in for dinner there was a monitor that had been installed in our stall on the back wall.  It was above the stall wall between mine and Amindas stall so that we could both see it.  There was a school desk in the front corner of the stall to the right of the stall door as you entered.  Aminda told me later that hers was on the left as you entered her stall.  They were being careful so we wouldnt figure out a way to talk or otherwise communicate.  They would forever wonder how it always seemed that one of us knew what the other was doing.  They could never figure it out however.  It was our little secret that we never told anybody.

The next morning we did the normal wakeup and clean up process.  We went out for an hour of training and then back to the stall.  When our slave trainer put us in the stall they directed us to the desk where there were books and pad and paper.  At nine a.m. the monitor came on.  It was a recording of that days classes at Clearview.  All of our classes were being recorded and played for us.  We had to take good notes so that we could study for our tests.  The classes changed each hour just like when we were at the school.  We could see the students as they came in the room.  It was good to see our classmates as they came in.  

Angie was the first of our crew that I think realized what the cameras were for.  She began to wave at them as she came in.  Her roommate Mara, soon began to do the same.  It wasnt until the second class of the afternoon that I realized that I hadnt seen Lisa.  I think I realized it because that was when Aminda noticed her absence and began to worry.  We would never see her for the rest of the school year.  That caused us great worry for our entire time in Australia and still does.  

Classes were over at three in the afternoon because we had class over lunch as we ate out of our feedbag.  We were taken out for training then until about eight p.m. which is when we were allowed to finally eat dinner.  Our dressage training was shortened then to an hour each evening for fine tuning what we had already learned.  It was a month after classes started that we started training together.  



Michelle stopped telling the tale and got up to stretch.  After she did she said, I think that we should stop now and head back.  We can continue the story later.  Ill go call the guard so he can get his blanket and get ready.  Its well past lunch and Im hungry.

Aminda and Michelle got into their pony girl outfits and then helped dress Sarah.  After they carried her to the pony cart they hooked themselves up and headed back to the mansion.  




 

