The first male teacher ever is hired at the Pearson Girls' Academy, but that's not the strangest thing that will happen there.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Academy, Part 1 (Mf, humil, mc, Mdom, nosex, viol)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Griffin Parr, 32 years old, sat in the administrator's office of the Pearson Girls' Academy and sweated, though his discomfort wasn't due to any failure in the room's air conditioning. 'What the fuck am I doing here?' he thought to himself. A man with his record applying at a girls' school? But he had applied everywhere on the off chance that someplace might not dig too deeply into his past, and this school was the only one to call him back. He had worked hard for his education degree and didn't want to just flip burgers for a living...not that that would have earned him a living wage in the current economy.

He kept his gaze on the older woman behind the desk and noted that the school administrator Ms. Ferguson had probably been hot when she was in high school herself, but another 25 years had worn down that hardbody into the softer form that sat before him.

The auburn-haired woman adjusted her cat's eye glasses as she read through his resume. "Hm," she began, "Mr. Parr, may I ask why you left your last teaching position?"

He had been waiting for this. "A disagreement with the principal that couldn't be worked out. I assure you that will not happen here, Ms. Ferguson. Uhh..." He felt a pressure bloom behind his eyes. He wondered if it was a stress headache.

His eyes shifted to the corner of the room behind the desk. The shadows seemed somehow darker there, and he had the feeling that he was being watched. His eyes unfocused and he blinked. Well, he reasoned, of course he was being watched...Ms. Ferguson had put down his resume and fixed him with her pointed gaze.

"Mr. Parr, this is an all-girls school. I want you to be completely honest with me: will my students be safe under your authority?"

He couldn't stop the words, as if the pressure behind his eyes were pushing the shameful truth out of his mouth. "No...I'm...I like teen girls...a lot...they're so smooth...full of life...unspoiled..." He shook his head. "But only young women...sixteen and older! Oh God..." He held his head in his hands. Why had he said that?!

"We'll be in touch, Mr. Parr."

He looked up. Ms. Ferguson was writing something down but she hadn't even raised her voice at his shameful revelation. He wondered if he hadn't been loud enough and she had misheard? He got to his feet. "Um...thank you for your time." Then he quickly strode out of the room and closed the door behind him.

Ms. Ferguson put down her pen and stared at the door, seemingly lost in thought.

The miasma of shadow moved from the corner and came alongside her. "He's perfect," a light female voice informed the school administrator.

Ms. Ferguson picked her pen back up and noted that. "He's perfect," she repeated with decisive finality.

---

Griff shook his head as he unpacked. He had no idea how he'd gotten the job, but he wasn't going to look a gift horse in the mouth. The academy was full-time and both staff and students lived on campus, strangely in the same building. No, not strangely, he realized...it was an all-girls school with what was supposed to be an all-female staff, another reason that his hiring made no sense.

After he unpacked, he headed to the cafeteria for breakfast. "Good morning, *sir*!" a pretty student called out to him, giggling as she strode by him in the hall.

"Um, hi," he responded to her retreating posterior. The girl was ash blonde, probably a senior by her height and curves. He noted her legs in the light blue school skirt that came down to a few inches above her knees. Probably a track & field athlete, he figured by the musculature. Then he realized that he was staring at one of the students like she was a piece of meat and shook his head. "Goddamnit..."

In the cafeteria, Griff found a lot more young women wearing the same uniform. Some filled out their white button-up tops better than others, mostly seniors of course, but he also found his gaze drawn to the younger students with their slimmer legs and smaller breasts. He had heard that the school had so many students this year that they had removed the lower grades. None of these young women were under sixteen, just the way he liked it.

He moved to the cafeteria line as his gaze swept across the room, noting a shapely leg here, the swell of a growing breast there, and he chastised himself again. It wouldn't do to get written up on his first day for ogling all that young flesh. He grabbed a tray and a chocolate milk.

"You're Mr. Parr, right?"

He turned, startled, and looked down. He hadn't heard anyone coming up behind him. There was a brown-haired girl there, looking younger than the sixteen years she had to be with her short, thin frame. He noted her pale blue eyes, large on her elfin face, and just stared at them for a moment before he caught himself. "Um, yes, I'm Mr. Parr...and you are...?"

"Treena," the girl responded nonchalantly as she also grabbed a chocolate milk from the cooler shelf. "I'm in your class."

"Oh...well, good to meet you, Treena. Uh, what's your favorite subject?" 'Ugh, lame,' Griff admonished himself.

"Psychology." She looked past him. "Line's moving."

He quickly shuffled along, keeping Treena to his side as he took a plate of toast. "We have a psychology class?" He wasn't trained for that!

"No, I just like it...I read lots of books in the library. I'm going to be a psychoanalyst when I graduate. Did you always want to be a teacher?" she asked as she also took some toast.

He dished himself up some scrambled eggs. "Yeah, I was a bit of a loner in school and one of my teachers took a special interest in me when I needed it. Really inspired me, so I hope to do the same."

"Hm." Treena took some eggs herself.

Griff didn't need psychology training to notice that the girl was matching his movements. She clearly liked him, or at least was emulating him for some reason. He grabbed the ketchup, doused his eggs, and held the condiment bottle out to her.

She screwed up her face. "I hate ketchup."

"Hmm..." Griff responded and put the bottle back. "Well, see you in class, Treena." Then he headed toward what was obviously the staff table.

"Oh, Mr. Parr," a Filipino woman with bottle blonde highlights greeted him. She was a little chunky and looked to be slightly older than him. "Welcome! So strange, a man teaching at an all-girls school! Are you gay?"

"Jesus, Miri! You can't ask that!" A mousy, late thirtysomething brunette woman in glasses on his other side hissed. "Of course he is. Ms. Ferguson wouldn't bring a fox into the hen house..." He felt her hand give a quick squeeze on his bicep. "...so to speak. I'm Paula, the librarian. Miri teaches some of the seniors."

"Hi Paula, Miri," he greeted each with a turn of his head and a winning smile. He didn't answer the question of his sexuality, figuring that it was probably for the best if everyone thought that he was homosexual. He turned back to Paula. "Treena was just telling me that she frequents the library."

"Who?"

"Um...brown-haired, short, big blue eyes? Like really big."

"Oh, yes...quiet girl."

"Is she? Seemed to be pretty chatty to me." He looked around for Treena, but after not seeing her on a quick pass he gave up...there were dozens of students milling about. As his attention returned to the table, he saw Miri looking at him intently and gave her a questioning look.

"So ARE you gay? If you're not...UCH!" The woman had brought a fork full of eggs up to her mouth as she was talking and somehow absentmindedly stabbed it into the roof of her open mouth! Blood burst forth and ran down her chin. "UHHGH!"

"Jesus!" Paula cried out and grabbed a napkin. "What did you do, Miri?! Quick, put pressure on it and let's get you to the infirmary."

As the librarian led the teacher away, Griff looked at Miri's eggs, covered in a red that was definitely not ketchup, and pushed his own plate away, his appetite gone.

---

"Welcome, class! My name is Mr. Parr, and I'll be your teacher this year. Um, grade 11, right?"

His lame, self-deprecating joke elicited a couple of sad chuckles from the gaggle of girls. "All right, I'm going to read out attendance..."

When he got to the only Treena on the list, he looked about and noted her at the back of the class. The room was like a small auditorium, with each row a step higher than the one before it. While this made it easy for each student to see the teacher and vice versa, and no doubt made it so that everyone could hear him well enough, he also noticed that it gave him a lecherous vantage up the uniform skirts of the students in the upper tiers. "Treena, I see you're here..." '...and you're also wearing pink panties, you little tease.' he added silently in his head. She gave him a big grin at his acknowledgment.

"Ugh...she's the teacher's pet already," someone obnoxiously called out.

Griff swiveled his gaze to lock onto probably the most attractive member of his class, Ariel...yes, like the mermaid, she had remarked when her name had been called earlier. Upon realizing that she had his attention, the pale-skinned girl swept her luxurious wavy red hair to the side and gave him a no doubt practiced ingratiating smile.

"What was that, Ariel?"

"Nothing, Mr. Parr," she said musically, her eyes swiveling up in a pronounced universal 'gimme a break' emote.

"Hmm." Griff looked back up at Treena, who had visibly deflated, now barely noticeable in her desk (except for her undies still playing peekaboo from between her slim legs).

The class went reasonably well. He only messed up a couple of the other girls' names when he called on them for answers, but teaching was like riding a bike and he could handle algebra hands-free. He made sure that everyone got a chance to answer an equation up on the whiteboard, though the ones that had to stretch, including Treena, gave him a tantalizing glimpse of their thighs as their skirt slipped upward just a little. He wondered if this job was going to kill him.

"Mr. Parr, are you allergic to tree nuts?" one of the students -- a pretty blonde named Penelope, he remembered -- asked him as Treena returned to her desk.

Frowning, he answered, "No, I love nuts." This caused some giggles and Griff realized that the rumor of him being gay intersected with Penelope's weird question. "I mean I like eating nuts. I mean...ugh..." The room had degenerated into a cacophony of teeny-bopper laughter, but he noticed that Treena refrained, looking mortified as she sat back down.

Then the bell rang. "Read pages 142-145 for next time, and I'll see you all after lunch for English," Griff called out as the class began to exit the room. He got up to erase the board.

"Mr. Parr?"

"Aah!" He swung around to see Treena standing there looking shyly up at him. "Oh, Treena...how can I help you?"

"Penelope's question about tree nuts...it's what they call me."

It took him a moment. "Treena...tree nuts...?"

"Then they say they don't hang around with me because they're allergic to tree nuts." She looked down at the floor.

Griff shook his head. "That's...that's fucking stupid."

Treena looked up at him in surprise. Griff was again amazed at her big eyes...they were similar to that actress in that chess show on Netflix...Anna Joy something? "Sorry, Treena...that wasn't very professional of me, was it?"

"It's okay!" She was smiling again. "You're not like the other teachers. You'd protect me from the mean girls, right?"

"They're bullying you, huh?" He knew how that felt from his school days. He put his hand on her shoulder and she gave it a glance before turning her cute face back to him. "You let me know if they try that sort of thing again...maybe you could record them on your phone?"

"No phones allowed," she reminded him.

"Right." He had to turn his in when he started, and his number had been routed to his room phone...not that anyone called him anymore.

"Well, let me know, okay?" he asked her again and gave her shoulder a squeeze.

She nodded. "What would you want to do to them for bullying me, Mr. Parr?"

"I..." He felt a strange but somehow familiar pressure behind his eyes. "I would...put them over my knee..."

Her eyes widened. "You'd SPANK them?!"

The pressure didn't abate. "Yes...clearly their own parents didn't...teach them how to respect others. That's how my daddy taught me...and I never forgot."

Griff felt her hand touch his on her shoulder and the pressure retreated from his head. "That's good, Mr. Parr. I'll see you after lunch." Then she skipped out of the classroom.

Griff blinked, shook his head, and returned to cleaning the whiteboard.

Paula stuck her head in through his door. "Coming to lunch?"

"Yeah, be there in a few."

---

Miri was back at the teacher's table, sucking on milk through a straw and wincing. Her bizarre injury had made it so that she couldn't talk for long and she didn't like that one little bit. Paula filled Griff in on how the Filipino woman would have to avoid solid food for a few days.

"Is she normally so klutzy?" he quietly asked the librarian.

"No! Maybe your presence is having a distracting effect on her." She gave him a wink.

Griff smiled back. Paula wasn't unattractive but she wasn't really his type. He turned to regard the blooming bodies of the student body, his true obsession, and noted Ariel moving to sit with her friends. The sixteen-year-old redhead's skirt swished back as she plopped down onto a bench, giving him a tantalizing glimpse of dark colored panties framing a nicely rounded butt. He wondered how that ass would feel reverberating from the impact of his palm.

He felt a hand on his back. "Mr. Parr?"

"Hm?" He turned back to Paula.

"Can I call you Griffin?"

"Griff," he reflexively replied and mentally kicked himself. He wasn't trying to indulge the older woman's attention. He shoved the rest of his hot dog into his mouth and got up. "Wll, bck t'wrk..." he mumbled through bun and meat as he headed out of the cafeteria.

---

The afternoon was English class, Griff's second favorite subject. He had the students read from Romeo & Juliet, alternating lines among the students for 5 minutes each using names on papers picked from a bowl. He hadn't planned it, but at one point Treena was reading for Romeo while Ariel was Juliet.

"O, then, dear saint, let lips do what hands do," Treena called out as Romeo from her desk at the back of the class. "They pray, grant thou, lest faith turn to despair."

Ariel frowned at the olde English words. "Um...saints do not move, though grant for prayers' sake."

"Then move not, while my prayer's effect I take. Thus from my lips, by yours, my sin is purged." Griff could see a smile on Treena's face. She seemed to be getting into the part.

"Then have my lips the sin that they have took." Ariel screwed up her face. "Oh, gross, are they kissing?"

"Sin from thy lips? O trespass sweetly urged! Give me my sin again."

"Ew! No, I'm done." Ariel closed her book with a muffled boom that only hardcover books could pull off.

Griff pulled another student's name from the bowl to continue Juliet's lines, not noticing the baleful look that Ariel gave Treena.

---

Griff was going to head back to his room after the school day was done, but instead decided to steer toward the commons of the grounds, telling himself that some fresh air would be nice after being cooped up indoors all day. He headed to the right, as if being pushed by some unseen hand. He heard a commotion coming from behind one of the storage buildings and headed there, where he found Ariel looming over Treena. The smaller girl was on her knees in the grass, guarding her face.

"HEY!" he bellowed out and headed toward them.

Ariel turned and looked even paler than normal. "Um, Mr. Parr! I was just helping Tree Nut up...I mean Treena..." She gave him another of those winning smiles she no doubt practiced in the mirror when she was alone and reached down a hand to Treena, but the smaller girl recoiled.

"Get away from her," Griff told the redhead and she backed off. He helped Treena up, his eyes drawn to her slim thighs as she awkwardly returned to her feet. "Did she knock you down?" he asked the smaller girl. She gulped and gave the smallest nod.

He turned back to Ariel and saw the anger in the bully's eyes at being tattled on. "You are sixteen," he growled, "you'll be an adult in just a couple years, Ariel. Adults don't behave like this. You..." He felt that pressure behind his eyes again. "...you...act like a spoiled kid, and...you get punished like one."

Ariel looked uncertain. "Uh...what?"

"In here," Treena suggested as she pushed open the storage building door.

Griff grabbed Ariel's arm and pulled her into the dark, dusty building. Treena closed it behind them and found the light switch, though it barely helped against the gloom of the disused space. He moved to what looked like an old dining room chair and sat, pulling the lithe redhead across his lap facedown with a squeak.

"What...what're you doin'?" she whispered. "Help...help...why can't I yell?"

"You want to act out, you'll be punished, just like I was," Griff informed her. "Straightened me right out, my Dad did." He lifted her skirt up, revealing those dark bikini panties he had glimpsed earlier.

"No...noo...please..."

"Ten swats?" he asked Treena. The girl was standing there before them, her eyes as big as saucers. She nodded.

"Please...plea--oww!"

Griff had smacked Ariel's pillowy asscheeks hard through the sheer material but her cries were still not much louder than a whisper. She kicked, but surprisingly without much energy, considering her situation. He smacked her ass again.

"Nngh! Noo..."

Again and again his palm channeled energy from his strong arm into the teenage girl's shapely behind, making her buttcheeks reverberate as they did their best to redistribute that energy. The force was absorbed into the soft flesh of her buttocks, making them redden and warm up. Pain flared through them anew with each impact. Ariel was crying now, her overwhelmed mind unable to determine how many she had left before her teacher reached ten. Her entire existence seemed to be only pain.

She felt Mr. Parr's hand resting on the swell of her behind and then he was idly stroking it. She felt something poking into her stomach. "What...is that?" she croaked out as she jiggled her supine body in his lap.

"Um!" Griff stood up quickly, spilling Ariel unceremoniously to the dusty floor. "Now you leave Treena alone, Ariel!"

She got back to her feet and cowered, her eye makeup running from her tears. "Ye--yes sir." Then she turned and ran from the building.

Griff blinked. What had he done?! He sat back down on the chair and held his head in his hands. "I'm gonna lose my job."

"She won't tell."

Griff looked up at Treena. "Why do you say that?"

She gave him a cheeky smile. "A girl like that? If this got out, she'd be seen as a victim, not the leader she wants to be. Trust me."

As Griff sat back up, the small girl pointedly looked at the bulge in his lap for a few seconds, grinned, winked, and skipped out through the door.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: https://storiesonline.net/a/krosis-of-the-collective

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)