Valentine's Dreams Come True: The Husband's Fantasy by Chris Hailey

Story codes: MF, wife, oral, rom

Summary: 'His and hers' Valentine's sex fantasy stories: This is the 'his' version. The wife gives her husband some special presents on Valentine's Day.

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

=================



"Happy Valentine's Day, sweetie," my wife said, pulling her bathrobe tight around her. "I got you something special."

"Yeah? What'd ya get me?"

"I hired you a prostitute."

"Oh really," I deadpanned. This is some sort of game. "Where is she?"

"Right here," she said, and she opened her bathrobe.

She was wearing a little red teddy, a sheer top that was completely see-through and a little too big for her. I had a perfect view of her fabulous petite little tits, hanging down so sweetly from her chest, her big wide aureole and thick, stiff nubs sticking out provocatively through the thin fabric.

She let the bathrobe fall to the floor. "I'm your whore for today," she said. "You own me. I'll do whatever you want."

I'm looking at her and I'm thinking, "Holy crap, I have the best wife in the world." You know? Sweet as hell, fantastic in bed, and the cutest tits I've ever had my hands on. Speaking of having my hands on her tits...

I reached out and started squeezing her little rack, then I knelt down and took one of those fantastic stiff nipples in my mouth, sucking on it through the sheer fabric of her teddy.

After I'd enjoyed her little chubbies for a while, she said, "Why don't I give you a bath, sweetie? Then I can suck you a little bit if you want."

"Sounds great."

The sweet girl had done the bathroom up special for this--the tub was already full and steaming, the lights were off and a dozen candles were lit around the room, a box if chocolates was open and waiting.

She helped me get my clothes off and I climbed into the tub. She knelt next to me, a bar of soap and a washcloth ready. Then she began to wash me, all over, first my neck and my back, then my chest and belly, then my feet and legs. Lastly, she washed my cock, gently rubbing the wet cloth over it, then down to my balls, cleaning them off carefully. Lastly, she moved the cloth down to my anus and cleaned it carefully as well.

"Would you like a chocolate?" she asked me.

"Yes, please."

She opened the box of chocolate and I opened my mouth and she plopped one in.

"Ummm!"

She picked up a bottle of baby oil she had ready by the tub and poured some on her hand, then reached down and rubbed the oil on my cock. She wrapped her fingers around my shaft and as she began slowly, gently, stroking me, she took a chocolate from the box and fed it to me.

She lifted her hand away and poured more oil on it, then reached down and gripped my cock, squeezing as tight as she could and moving her hand up and down.

"You like it tight?"

"Uh huh."

"Like a little virgin's pussy?"

"Uh huh."

Gripping oh-so-tight, she held another chocolate above my mouth and I opened. She held it teasingly just out of my reach.

"Like a little girl's pussy? Do you want a little girl for Valentine's?"

I looked at her and smiled. She plopped the chocolate in my mouth.

"I can be a little girl for you for Valentine's. How old do you want me to be? Five?"

I chewed the chocolate. "No, too young."

"Ten? Fifteen? You tell me how old you want me to be. I'll be your little virgin girl."

"You're fifteen. And you've never sucked cock before."

"You want me to suck your cock, mister?"

"Yes."

"OK. But I don't know how. You have to teach me. You have to teach me everything you know about sex."

"OK."

"I promise I'll be a good learner."



"On your knees."

She sunk down on her knees and I put my hands on the top of her head, pushing her down further. I stepped above her, pushing her head back so that her face was looking up at me, my cock hanging right in her face.

"Lick,"  I said. "Lick it all."

She stuck her tongue out and licked. First my balls, then my shaft, all the way up to my head, then back down to my balls again, then even lower to my anus, then back to my balls again.

"Is that how I'm supposed to do it, mister?"

"Yeah."

"Do you like it?"

"Yeah."

She stuck her tongue out again and did it all again.

I stepped back. "Suck it now."

"I don't know what to do."

"Open wide."

She dropped her jaw. I grabbed the back of her head and pulled her into me, shoving my cock into her mouth. I held two clumps of her hair in my hands and started fucking her face, slamming my cock into her mouth. Ten seconds later I was overcome with lust.

"Up on the bed, bitch"

"I'm scared!" she said.

"Shut up and get up on the bed!"

"I'm a virgin, please be gentle!"

I slapped her hard on her ass. "On the bed, now! On your hands and knees!"

"Please be gentle! I'm a virgin!" she said as she climbed onto the bed.

Luckily her little teddy snapped at the crotch and I grabbed the fabric and yanked down, pulling the snaps apart. I grabbed her hips and pulled her towards my cock.

"Please don't hurt me mister! Please don't hurt me!"

I slammed my cock in hard, reared back, slammed in again. "Oh, yeah!" I hollered, super-charged with adrenaline. Her pussy was a gaping hole, already soaking wet and as hot as you could imagine. My big guy is always so very happy when he's inside his favorite little lady, and even moreso when he's giving it to her hard.

My wife buried her face in the bedsheets and started moaning. She's always loved a good hard fuck, and I sure as hell gave her one this time. It wasn't more than a couple of minutes and I started firing, spewing come into her slutty cunt.



"I have another present for you," she said.

"Really?"

"Yeah!" She pulled a bottle of my favorite bourbon out of her dresser, and a glass.

"Baby, you are the best!" I said to her.

She poured me a drink and I sat up, naked, my big guy a perfectly happy, satisfied little guy now, and sipped some whiskey.

"Aren't you having any?" I asked her.

"I can't stand it, you know that."

"Yeah, I don't understand you. To me it's like candy."

She snuggled up next to me. "I'll have the real thing," she said, popping a chocolate in her mouth.

She ran her fingers through the hair on my chest. "You really gave it hard to that fifteen year old virgin," she said with a little grin.

"She seemed to like it."

"Definitely. Any girl would." She slid her hand down onto my belly, swirling her fingers around. "You know, I'm still your whore. The kids don't come back from Grandma's for another hour."

"Yeah, but..." I pointed down at my limp little appendage, looking like he was sound asleep.

"Oh, I can take care of that. I'm a pro!" She filled my glass. "You just sit back and enjoy your whiskey now."

Then she slid down and she took my cock in her mouth.

The girl gives good head. She's the finest in the business. I've had my cock in a good number of ladies' mouths over the years, so I consider myself something of a connoisseur, and I don't think I've ever gotten a better blow job than my wife's.

I just sat back and sipped my whiskey and watched her work her magic.

Head in her mouth, she looked up at me, doe-eyed and innocent. I could feel her soft tongue lapping at the underside of my glans, and I could feel her suck, a nice, steady rhythm, suck, suck, suck.

She lifted a hand up and started rubbing my cock in rhythm with her sucking. Then she opened her mouth and let a big flow of spit fall out and drip down my cock. I could feel my balls getting wet, there was so much spit. She grabbed my cock and started sliding her hand slickly over the wet skin, using her spit as a lubricant, and sucking on the head.

She looked up at me and smiled. "You're hard as a rock now," she said.

"Fuck yeah."

"You always did like a blow job."

"Definitely. And you're the best in the business."

"That's why I charge so much. Your wife had to shell out a lot of money to secure my services."

"That was sweet of her."

"She must love you lots."

She leaned back down and took my head in her mouth again. I could feel it bumping up against the back of her mouth and I knew what that meant, she was going to take me deep. It's not something she does too often but oh man it is the greatest!

I could feel her swallow, and as she did, she pushed her head down on my cock and my head went into her throat. She held it there for a moment, eyes closed, face contorted like she was about to gag, only about two inches of my cock not in her now.

She managed to fight of the gag reflex and swallow again, pushing her head down at the same time. Her nose was in my pubic hair now, her chin against my balls, and my entire cock was in her mouth, half of it in her throat. She held it in her and looked up at me. I just nonchalantly sipped my whiskey as I watched.

She quickly pulled off, big strings of phlegm hanging from her mouth, breathing deep. Then she went right back down on it.

It's been my experience that once she gets it down her throat once, she can do it repeatedly, and this time was no exception;  the second time she took me all the way down in one fluid motion, then she pulled off, took a deep breath, and went right back down.

And so the little bitch throat-fucked me while I just sat there sipping whiskey and watching her.

Eventually she pulled off completely and dove down and kissed my balls. "Did you like that?" she asked when she came back up.

"Oh yeah."

"I'm gonna fuck you now," she said, pulling the little see-through teddy off, her plump little tits bouncing excitedly now that they were free.

She climbed up on me and I slammed the rest of my whiskey as she straddled my hips and impaled herself on my cock.

"Oh, baby!" she said as she grabbed her tits and squeezed them together and presented them to me. I lifted my head and latched onto one of her beautiful big thick nipples and I sucked and sucked and she fucked and fucked.

It didn't take long for her to bring me to orgasm; she knows exactly what she's doing, and I filled her little pussy a second time. Then we lay together in bed and ate chocolates, me sipping whiskey and feeding her chocolates while she leisurely masturbated, eventually giving herself a long, wonderful little orgasm.

We kissed for five straight minutes when she was done.

"Happy Valentine's Day, baby," she said. "We'd better get up now 'cause the kids will be home soon."

"Yeah, I suppose. Happy Valentine's to you, too, sweetheart. Thanks for the wonderful presents."

"Was she a good whore?"

"You know it. The best!"

"Nothing but the best for my baby on Valentine's Day," she said.

I gave her ass a little squeeze as she went downstairs to wait for her mom and the kids.


[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com. Also, visit my story site at www.asstr.org/~Chris_Hailey. Thanks!]
