JAMIE

BY TOMMY

Part 3

She shook her head in disbelief at the sight of the boy sprawled
on the sofa, watching some silly cartoon. How could children
today waste their time like that? The volume was turned up higher
than she ever had it and he lay there, completely oblivious to
his teacher standing in the doorway. Laughing at the banal antics
of one of the characters, his hand moved automatically between
his legs. Why, Miss Turner wondered, did boys apparently feel the
need to constantly reassure themselves that their little manhood
was still there?

Noticing a shadow, Jamie sat up and turned, his face a picture of
guilt. Miss Turner smiled at him. "Funny programme is it Jamie?"

"Yes miss" he replied, his relief clearly visible as he realised
his teacher wasn't angry with him.

"Well as soon as it finishes, go and bring me your work, and
we'll go through it together. I'm just going to make a cup of
tea."

Jamie wasn't there when she returned, but she soon heard him
running down the stairs. She sat in the middle of the sofa and
waited for him.

"Oh what a lot you've written Jamie" she said brightly, taking
the sheets of paper from him. "Now just stand here in front of
me. As soon as we've finished, I'll go and get your tea. I'm sure
you must be hungry!"

Jamie watched her read what he'd written and blushed. Please
don't let her start asking him any questions. Please don't.

Miss Turner coughed and looked at him. "You've spelt 'semen'
wrong Jamie." She showed him the word in question. "Also,
'foreskin' is spelt as one word. Otherwise, not bad at all."
Turning to the next sheet, there was silence for a minute while
she read his composition.

"Jamie, it's mostly correct, but you haven't mentioned 'wet
dreams', you know, emission of semen while you're sleeping." She
glanced at the front of his shorts. Jamie blushed a deeper red
and fought the urge to cover himself. She shook her head slowly,
then smiled at him. "Don't worry though, we'll go through it
again tonight."

As she turned to the last sheet, Jamie shuffled nervously. She
wouldn't start talking about 'that' would she! Of course not. At
least, please don't say..

"I can't read this very well Jamie. Is that a one or a seven?"
Jamie looked. "Er, a one miss." She nodded. "Hmm, that's what I
thought."

She looked at him, frowning. "I don't think you were using the
tape measure properly Jamie. Go and get it please!"

It was only as he came back in the room that he realised what she
was going to do. He didn't really believe it though. No, of
course she wouldn't. It was ridiculous. She'd never..

"Let's just slip these down shall we." His tight black shorts
were pulled gently down to his ankles. He opened his mouth.
"M..miss, I."

"Hands on your head please Jamie. I don't want them flying all
over the place. Now just open your legs a bit more. Good boy!"

Jamie looked on, as though dreaming, as she seemed to take for
ever, holding his soft penis and squinting at the tape measure.
"I do believe your figures are correct after all" she said after
a while. There was a short pause. He felt her give his willy a
little squeeze. "You are a big boy aren't you! Now all I need to
do is check the other figures." She released him and leant back,
enjoying the look on his face. "Well, Jamie, I'm waiting."

She saw the boy look down and then up. There was a tear in his
eye. Poor boy, she thought. Perhaps she'd gone too fast.

"Okay Jamie, that's enough for now" she said briskly, pulling up
his shorts. "We'll have a little chat later. Meanwhile I think
there's a young boy here who'd like his tea. Am I right?"

Jamie nodded and wiped his eye. "Okay then. I want you to go to
the schoolroom and write out those spelling corrections ten
times, then wash you hands and come down. I'll go and get it
ready."

As he ran upstairs she looked again at what he'd written in the
second box and whistled softly. Either he'd been holding the tape
measure in the wrong place- which she doubted-or she was due for
a very 'big' surprise indeed!

"As I explained yesterday Jamie, one of the three punishments
you'll receive each day has to be a caning. Now, bend over. Oh
and please don't cry Jamie. Let's just get it over with shall
we?"

She waited until the boy was in position. Moving back a few
steps, she pressed the button near the mirror. "Good boy. Now,
take your punishment in silence and I may stop after six
strokes."

Jamie screwed his face up and clenched his teeth. It was right
wasn't it? He had to do what she said, or Mr Slack would send him
away.

"Buttocks up a bit more Jamie! From tomorrow, you'll be getting
it on your bare bottom, so better make the most of it!"

Jamie hardly had time to digest this information before the cane
swished through the air, making a loud cracking noise at it
connected with his plump backside.

Miss Turner sighed with satisfaction. The faint line across
Jamie's shorts confirmed that she'd lost nothing of her legendary
accuracy with the cane. She swished the article in question
through the air. What a cane! She really had to order a few more
from that shop in Soho, and perhaps some for John? They really
were exactly what she needed. Not normal rattan canes, they were
lighter and softer, inflicting less pain, but with all the feel
and noise of a real school cane. Yes, she had to persuade John to
try them. How on earth could Jamie have hidden his caning from
his foster mother for so long? John had used a normal cane. The
marks must have lasted at least a week!

Jamie took the strokes in silence. Painful? Ouch, yes! They were
painful. But.but .they were a lot less painful than what he'd
experienced in the Headmaster's office. He kept still and
resolved to do as his teacher said. He'd take his punishment like
a big boy! As the sting of the final stroke slowly subsided he
told himself he'd be a good obedient boy. Take his punishments
every day. After all, he did deserve them didn't he! Yes, he'd do
whatever he was told. Just so long as he never got sent away! He
just had to do what he was told. No matter what!

"Okay Jamie, you may stand up." Miss Turner returned the cane to
its cupboard and turned to face him. She picked up one of the
small pieces of paper on her desk and tore it in half. "Another
one disposed of, Jamie!" The boy watched in delight as she threw
it in the bin.

"Go and run the bath! I'll be along in a few minutes."

Having to stifle a laugh as her young charge walked out, his hand
rubbing his bottom, she pressed the small button near the mirror
and opened the drawer in her desk. Long multiplication for
tomorrow? Yes, he needed plenty of practice in that!

Jamie leant against Miss Turner as she held the large soft towel
round him and dried his hair. She saw him yawn and tickled him
lightly on his tummy. Her hand stayed where it was.

His bath had been a little faster than the previous night. She
was exhausted and she could see that Jamie was too. She licked
her lips. At least she'd managed to pull his foreskin all the way
back and had demonstrated to him how to wash underneath. As she'd
washed his bottom she'd taken the opportunity to examine the
faint pink stripes spanning both buttocks. By tomorrow morning
they'd have disappeared. She'd spent a bit more time soaping his
little anus. Bent forward, resting his hands on his knees, Jamie
seemed to have accepted it very quickly indeed, even when she had
pushed her finger in a little.

Her hand moved slowly lower. Jamie tensed slightly as he felt her
grasp his testicles. Then he relaxed. After all, she had said she
needed to keep an eye on them. He felt her arm around him and
closed his eyes. Without being asked, he opened his legs wider.
Much wider. Miss Turner bit her lip. She mustn't laugh! His balls
looked so funny. One slightly lower than the other. So
vulnerable! So very, very vulnerable!

If Jamie noticed the subtle change, he didn't complain. Miss
Turner's finger tips danced over his scrotum. Occasionally a
finger would probe deeper between his legs, sometimes causing a
strange tingling feeling deep inside his bottom. Almost
imperceptibly, she lowered the arm round his waist a bit lower.
His buttocks felt so very soft.

"So Jamie, are you going to be a good boy now and show me a
proper erection?"

It took a few seconds for the words to register. Miss Turner was
ready for the effect her request would have, and held him a
little tighter, her finger tips everywhere, at the same time
extending one finger to tease his semi erect penis.

Jamie opened his mouth to speak. "Ssshhh Jamie, don't say
anything" he heard her say very softly. "Just relax and show me
how big it can get!"

The twelve year old boy felt his teacher's other hand gently
massaging his bottom and gave in to the incredible sensations
emanating from below. The barriers melted away.

Miss Turner felt the change immediately and watched in
astonishment as the boy's penis slowly swelled in size till it
was pointing up towards the ceiling. With her left hand, she
gently parted his buttocks and teased his twitching bumhole.
Whether it was this, or her loosening of his foreskin, she wasn't
sure, but with almost a mind of its own, his penis seemed to
suddenly grow even more, the swollen purple glans pushing free
and emerging triumphantly from beneath the confines of his
foreskin.

For a few seconds she was completely taken aback. Her mind was in
turmoil. She glanced at the mirror. Why oh why hadn't she turned
on the cinecamera? Never mind. Perhaps it was for the best. At
least next time it would be easier.

She ran her fingers lightly along his throbbing manhood,
fascinated by the way it seemed to strain as if wanting to grow
even bigger.

"Good boy Jamie. I'm just going to measure it now." She quickly
picked up the tape measure and ran it along the length of his
penis, her finger tickling the tip. She swallowed. Mustn't show
him how shocked she was!

"Well I make it exactly six inches Jamie" she said at last, and
then glanced at what he'd written. "You wrote five inches. Well
that's not right is it!"

He looked half asleep. "Jamie, pay attention please!" Jamie
opened his eyes. Miss Turner looked at him sternly. "We were
talking earlier about 'wet dreams', remember?" Jamie nodded
slowly, his attention being taken by what Miss Turner was doing
to him. Although her little finger was still stroking his
testicles, the others were now exploring his rock hard erection.

"I'm a little worried that you don't seem to have had a
night-time semen emission" she said very quietly. "It's probably
nothing, but I'd like to be sure that everything's okay. Do you
understand?"

Jamie nodded, his breathing growing faster. Anything. Anything as
long as she didn't stop what she was doing! She saw his
expression and looked down grinning. Oh no young man, you'll have
to wait for that!

"Good!" She stood up and held out his pyjama trousers. "Come on
sleepy head!" She dressed him and tucked him up in bed. The look
on his face spoke volumes. "Sleep well Jamie. When you wake up
tomorrow I don't want you to get up till I've had chance to
examine you, okay?"

Jamie muttered "Yes miss" and yawned, already half asleep.
Mustn't get up till Miss came! Under the covers, his fingers
closed around his willy, already a fraction of its former size.
He fell asleep smiling.

