DEBBIE TALKS IN CLASS

BY FUNFORHERE

"Miss Simpson!"

"Yes Mr Collins?"

"What was the last instruction I gave the class?"

"Um. Get out our exercise books?"

"No! The last instruction I gave the class was to stop talking so
that we could get on with the lesson. All the other girls stopped
talking, eventually" the teacher said, frowning around the
classroom at a few of the others, "but here you are still yapping
away." There were sniggers from some of the other girls.

"I'm sorry Mr Collins. I didn't hear you" she replied.

"I'm not at all surprised Miss Simpson. We'll talk more about
this after the last lesson." Debbie's heart sank at those words;
she still had vivid memories of the last time that the teacher
had had a little "talk" with her after the last lesson.

Three o'clock came and after the others had left Debbie was
summonsed to stand next to the stool of judgement besides Mr
Collin's desk.

"Debbie" he began. "You talk far more than anyone else in this
class, so I'm not at all surprised that you didn't hear me
telling the class to stop talking."

"I'm sorry Mr Collins. Sir" she corrected herself quickly.

"Sorry isn't good enough Debbie. You need to be taught a lesson."
Her heart sank again and her tummy began to churn. What would be
in store for her this time? "And I have devised a most
appropriate means for doing just that" he went on with an odd
smile on his face.

He went to his bag and brought out a strange looking thing. There
was a small black ball that looked as if it were made of rubber
with two straps attached to opposite sides of the ball.

"Turn around child" he commanded, "and open your mouth wide." The
apprehensive child did as she was told, her tummy full of
butterflies.

Next moment the black rubber ball (for that's what it was) was
pressed right into her mouth, the straps were drawn around to the
back of her head and done up tightly. Although Mr Collins had
bought the smallest ballgag he could find, it was still big for
the mouth of an eight year old girl. The rubber ball forced her
jaws wide apart and tasted yucky. The teacher then got a narrow
black leather strap out of his bag and, seizing her hands and
drawing them together behind her back, used it to tightly bind
her wrists together.

"Now child" he said. "Sit on that stool and wait until I've
looked through these exercise books. I'll deal with you when I've
finished."

"Mmmmph! Mmmmph!" she said into the gag.

"Save your breath, you naughty little girl. I can't understand a
word."

Debbie waited and waited and waited, the ballgag and the strap
binding her wrists behind her back making her feel more and more
uncomfortable all the time. She wondered if Mr Collins was
deliberately going as slow as possible, and she was getting more
and more apprehensive. Was he going to cane her? Would he put his
finger up inside her bottom hole again? Having his finger up
inside her bottom she could take, but the cane was altogether
another thing. She wriggled about on the stool, vainly trying to
get more comfortable.

For his part Mr Collins was looking forward very much to using
that tight little arsehole again: he'd nearly come in his pants
when he felt it tightly gripping his finger for the first time.
But he was also a man who believed in slow pleasures. He believed
that something which is savoured is enjoyed that much more,
whether it be a good Bordeaux or the rectum of a little girl.

So, Debbie was right. He was deliberately going slowly through
the exercise books. Besides, being inclined to be a tease, he
wanted to see the child squirm. And he wasn't disappointed.

"Now Debbie" he finally said, putting the exercise books aside.
"It's time for your punishment. Shall I use the cane again?"

"Mmmmph!" went the frightened little girl, shaking her head
vigorously. She had vivid memories of how much it had hurt the
last time.

"Well now" said Mr Collins quietly, almost in her ear. "How about
instead of using the cane on you I play with your bottom again?
That way you don't get very sore red marks all over it, and your
parents won't find out how naughty you've been, again."

When she hesitated he went to the cupboard, got out the cane and
swished it through the air a few times. Debbie finally nodded her
head.

"Good" said the teacher, a strange smile on his face and a big
bulge in his pants. "Stand up, naughty, bad little girl."

The poor child did as she was told. She was forced down, bent
over the stool and in a few moments her uniform dress was bundled
up around her waist and the little white cotton panties were
pulled off over her shoes. Then the teacher went to his bag and
brought out two more narrow black leather straps.

"Spread your legs wide apart!" he commanded. Debbie hesitated,
but she obeyed when he brandished the cane again. Mr Collins then
used the straps to tightly bind her thighs just above the knees
to the two back legs of the stool. She felt very open and exposed
and completely helpless, and her tummy was full of butterflies.
Even so, she felt the beginnings of the tingles in her pussy. The
tingles got a bit stronger when she saw him get out the jar of
Vaseline and scoop some out on his finger.

Debbie didn't have long to wait. A moment later she felt his
slippery finger touching and then slowly circling her little
anus. It was tickly, and she moved her bottom a bit.

"Still the little slut, aren't you?" said the teacher, his cock
rigid inside his pants. "Aren't you!" he said loudly, sharply
slapping her bottom with his free hand. She nodded.

"Mmmmp" she mumbled into the gag as the finger entered her.
"Mmmmp" she went again as it penetrated until it was up to the
second joint. "Mmmmp" she went yet again, wriggling her bottom,
as he began to move it about inside her.

"Yes, a dirty little slut" said Mr Collins, slapping the child's
bare bottom hard. She twitched as he pushed his finger as far as
he could into her hot, tight little passage. He wiggled it about
for a few moments, and then began to move it in and out inside
her. Debbie writhed, getting another hard slap.

"You like this, don't you Debbie?" She nodded when he slapped her
bottom again. His cock was leaking pre cum.

"Just as well your parents can't see this, isn't it? Whatever
would they think if they saw their precious little girl with a
man's finger right up inside her bottom, and liking it too!" That
brought another slap. She sobbed with pain from the slaps on her
bare bottom, and with humiliation. Her humiliation was made worse
by the fact that her little pussy was tingling away, and Debbie
liked that tingly feeling in her pussy.

She liked it even though her mouth was cramped from the ballgag
forcing her jaws apart and her hands were getting a bit numb and
her arms were cramped from being bound behind her back and her
legs were getting cramped from being spread apart and bound to
the stool. She liked it even though the finger seemed to fill her
bottom up and kept sliding in and out inside her bottom hole and
giving her strong tickly feelings all through her little body.
And when she thought about that she felt ashamed, because she
knew that it was Mr Collins' finger sliding inside her bottom
hole that was giving her the tingles.

In her misery and pleasure and humiliation she barely noticed him
get some more Vaseline on another finger. If she'd been able to
see behind her she would have seen that he'd unzipped and opened
his pants and pushed them and his underpants down. She would have
seen his red, swollen and glistening organ standing up to
attention. And she would have seen him smear the Vaseline over
the head of his engorged member.

"Mmmmp" she mouthed into the ballgag when he slid the finger out
of her, tickling all the way.

"Mmmmp?" she mouthed into the gag and tensed up when she felt
something much bigger than a finger pressing against her little
orifice.

"If you don't unclench your bottom you'll get the cane, hard!"
the man hissed in her ear. "Do you want that, you dirty little
slut?" Debbie shook her head and slowly relaxed the ring of her
sphincter.

"Mmmmph!" she gasped as she felt the big hardness press harder
and harder and harder against her little anus. For a moment she
wondered what it was, then the awful truth dawned on her: Mr
Collins was putting his willie into her bottom!

"Mmmmph! Mmmmph!" she gasped again as she felt it stretch her
little hole wide open. She writhed with pain and discomfort and
humiliation as she felt it start to go inside her.

For his part, Mr Collins was approaching the gates of paradise.
The little slut's arsehole was gloriously hot and tight on his
throbbing glans. He eased his hips forward again and was rewarded
by seeing the red and swollen head become completely enveloped in
the little girl's anus. He grunted with pleasure and gripped her
slim little hips as she writhed and moaned into the ballgag.

Another movement of his hips and he got it in an inch. Then
another inch. Oh! It felt sooo goood!

In fact it felt so good that his balls churned and his hips
bucked and he felt his cock begin to pulse as it sent surge after
surge after surge of his hot, thick seed into the child's rectum.
He gripped her hips tightly as he pumped his spunk into her. In
fact there was so much that it soon began to escape around his
pulsing organ and run down his shaft and the backs of her legs.

All good things come to and end, even the climax from the first
time that one sodomises a little girl. And so it was that Mr
Collins' cock stopped filling the little girl with spunk and
softened, and he slowly slid it out.

It wasn't exactly a good thing for Debbie. Being anally
penetrated had hurt a lot, and she felt as if her little bottom
hole had been stretched wide open and her whole body filled with
the great hard, hot, throbbing thing. And yet, when he had come
inside her, her little pussy had throbbed and tingled like never
before.

After a few minutes Mr Collins unfastened the straps which bound
her arms and legs and removed the ballgag from her aching mouth.
At first she could only sit on the stool and sniffle a little.
When he made her put her panties back on she felt the back of
them all gooey with the cum oozing out of her bottom.

"Go home now Debbie" he said, patting her on the bottom. "Now
that I've put my cum inside you that makes you my own little
whore."

At home, in the privacy of her bedroom, Debbie burst into tears
and cried and cried and cried. Not because her bottom was sore
from being slapped and penetrated by a man's cock, but because
she knew that whores were bad women who did dirty things with
men, and now she was one too.

