Close to Nature
(includes Incest, scat, piss)

I woke early in the morning in my father-in-laws house located
at the foothills of Himalaya. The sun has not risen yet  only a
radiant dark reddish hue is emanating from the blue sky. This is
my first visit to my in-laws summer home since I got married to a
beautiful girl, Rupa two years ago. Right after our marriage,
which was arranged by my parents, I went to USA with Rupa for
post-graduate study.  Rupa was initially very home sick as she
was really close to her parents and had never liveed without them
before. Well, we had some sex, but it was not satisfying for
neither of us as if Rupas mid was always somewhere else. Only
after I took her to see the Grand Canyon, she relaxed and opened
up. 

On that day, at the Grand Canyon, in broad day light Rupa
took me to a remote corner of the canyon cliff and kissed me on
her own. She whispered in a very low tone, 

Arun, please fuck me

Here? Outside? There are hundreds of people around. Are you
crazy?

No, Arun. In this open space and close to the wonders of the
nature, I feel like loving you more than ever. Ill die if you
dont fuck me with your big cock right now. I know Ive been
acting cold with you all this time. But Jan (means honey in
Bengali), I somehow feel at home here and have a uncontrollable
urge to take your monster cock in my wet cunt. See my
cunt is dripping 

Rupa grabbed Aruns hand and put it inside her panty. I felt my wifes 
pussy moist as morning dew on green lawn. I could not take it anymore. 
I thought if it has to be like this, let it be. I could not wait any longer to fuck 
my beautiful sexy bride.

I hold Rupas hand and took her behind a big boulder. There
was only about three by five feet space between the rock and
bottomless abyss of the Canyon. I ran my fingers through Rupas
hair and kissed my bride good for the first time after our
marriage - now almost one year ago. Rupa unzipped my pant and
brought out my huge 10 inch long and fat cock. Rupa pulled
herself from the passionate kiss and spit a big glob of saliva on
my face. My mouth opened at the biggest shock of my life, but
before I could utter a word, my wife spoke.

Arun, mother fucker, hell with this soft kissing and all. Fuck
me like a slut, you son of a bitch

Rupa then lifted her left leg over my shoulder, set my rock hard
cock under her wet pussy and with a jerk, shoved the cock into
her cunt and urged me to fuck her like whore she is. I, at this
point, lost the sense of any surprise, but surrendered to this
utter good fortune. I drove my cock right into her wet pussy and 
started to fuck my wife like an animal.

Rupa was screaming like a crazy bitch, but I did not care. I just
fucked her with all my strength. When, after about half an hour,
I finally came all over my wifes shapely and big tits, I just
collapsed on her body. We kissed each other passionately for
hours. That was the beginning. Rupa was a dream wife from then on
and we had all kinds of sex at least three times every day for
next year.

It was about two years Rupa did not see her parents. So, when we
came to India for a three week vacation, Rupa requested me to
come to her parents nice little summer home in the Himalaya and
stay with her parents for two weeks. I saw no reason to decline
this offer. We arrived on the last train yesterday. I was very tired
from the long train journey and went to bed early. 

Next morning, as I woke up before dawn, I found my wife had already 
left the bed. Wondering where she could have gone so early in the morning, 
I came out of the house. The day light was just breaking in and I
could see about 200 yards away, my wife and her 50 years old
plump mother, Supriya Devi, walking briskly. I decided to follow.

Supriya was a sexy woman even at this age. She was tall, at least
5 feet 6 inches and was an exceptionally thick lady. She was not
fat, though had two layers of visible fat on the belly, which she
always kept bare.  Her tits were probably as big as a pair of big
coconuts. I had been drooling over those huge tits ever since I
saw them. But her tits were not the best asset of her body. It was 
her huge, plump ass. When she walks, as I could clearly see from 
behind now, her ass puts on a show that is out of this world. My cock 
was really hard now and Id give a million dollar to get a chance to ram my cock in
that thick ass. 

Supriya probably had no clue the effect she had
on me as she is so charming and sophisticated, always talking in
the most prudish manner possible. As the mother and daughter
walked holding hands, like two college girls, giggling and
prancing, I could not imagine how on earth Supriya could ever
agree to fuck her daughters husband. I tried to snap out of the
day dream  its never going to happen.

They reached the end of the hill. There was an old ruin there. It
was temple that was built thousands of years ago. Everything was
in ruins, except a stone platform that seemed restored recently
and was spotlessly clean. It was about 15 feet long and 10 feet
wide. There was a wooden bench to sit overlooking the great
vista of the Himalaya beyond. Suddenly I realized that this
spot is somehow similar to the Grand Canyon rock cliff where we
had our mad sex encounter. This is interesting. Suddenly I realized why
Rupa felt so at home at the Canyon. But I wondered what memory
made her act as a sex crazy slut at this beautiful place. I
decided to find out. 

There was a broken wall with some of stone missing on one side of the 
platform. I hid myself behind the wall and had a clear view of my wife and 
mother-in-law though a hole. The sun just came up from behind the mountain 
peak lighting the platform like a fire. 

Its time my child 

Supriya suddenly spoke to my wife. Her voice was magnificent, as if she were 
a deity  not her mother. Rupa got up and looked at her mothers eyes deeply. 
Supriya let hair loose and took off her saree. She was wearing only a thin white 
sleeveless blouse with no bra. I could clearly see her dark nipples through the 
thin fabric of the blouse. Rupa took her clothes off too  even her panties. She 
was completely naked with only a wedding locket dangling in between her 
ample tits. Supriya Devi then raised her arms above her head in a
very familiar ancient Indian dance ritual. You can see this
posture with all kinds of deities everywhere in India. My wife did the same. 

I was really shocked to see a very thick bush of hair on Supriyas armpit. 
I get really turned on by armpit hairs on older ladies. May be, its because 
my mother never shaved her armpit and I used to jerk off thinking about
burying my face in that thick underarm bush. Supriyas underarm was so 
thoroughly covered with moistening jet black bush of hair that I began to 
stoke my dick. Mother and daughter, meanwhile, started to dance- my wife
completely naked and her mom half naked. I knew that Rupa had
learned Indian classical dance for 10 years, but never realized
how sexy it is to see naked Indian ladies dance the traditional
Kathak dance. It felt like I was having sex with them, even though I was 10 feet away. 

After about 15 minutes, they stopped. The Sun had by now become
stronger and I could see sweats streaming down Supriyas forehead. She 
waved at my wife and raised her armpit like it was an offering. Rupa buried her 
face into the thick jungle of black hair, now wet with morning sweat. She
licked both armpits really well. Supriya then kissed her daughter very passionately. 
I was stroking my cock vigorously at this point and was about to
unload the biggest cum ever. Then, through the corner of my eyes,
I saw another figure coming out of the fog. 

It was Rupas father, 55 year old, a famous Doctor in Calcutta, Naresh Basu. 
He came up to the platform smiling and found his wife and daughter in the erotic embrace, naked.

It looks like I missed the show this morning Naresh said to his
wife.

Supriya smiled at her husband and said, 

You only missed the Preamble sir. The next act is ready for you

Well then get ready for the morning offerings

What Naresh did after this was beyond my wildest dream. He tore
open the white loin cloth he was wearing and brought an erect fat
cock, about 8 inches long. After watching mom and daughter put on
the erotic naked show, I thought it won't be unusual to expect Naresh to
fuck his wife in front of his daughter. Actually the thought was very erotic and 
I was ready for a good show. But, I was not ready for
what happened next. 

Rupa and her sexy mother kneeled down on the floor and opened their mouth. 
Naresh hold his erect dick in one hand and a great stream of piss came out of 
that hard cock. I could not understand how a man can pee from a rock hard cock, 
but more amazing was where the piss stream landed. It landed right on
my mother-in-laws open mouth and she accepted it like an
offerings from the temple. My wife did the same and took her
fathers worm piss right in her mouth. Dont know how long that
piss shower lasted; it was at least five minutes. When it ended,
both girls were completely drenched in piss and Rupa was running
her tongue over her lips. Her mother actually drank most of the
piss that went into her mouth and had a really content look on
her eyes. 

I was frozen with my hand over my hard cock and did not
realized that I forgot to even stroke it even though it was
the sexiest scene Ive ever seen in my entire life. Naresh now came closer to my 
wife and rammed the whole cock into her open mouth. Rupa usually can only take 
about one fourth of my cock in the mouth (even though my cock is little bigger than 
her fathers). Now, however, Nareshs whole 8 inches went inside
Rupas mouth. Naresh grabbed her hair and shoved the cock deep
with a huge thrust. Rupas lips got plastered with her fathers
balls and her eyes were bursting with desperation. I could see
that she was losing her breath. It was more than a minute
her father kept his cock buried in Rupas throat. Rupa clung to her
fathers ass with her long finger nails and was digging her
long nails on her fathers ass. Her father still did not did not
let go of her head and his cock still buried to the hilt. I
thought Rupa will collapse. But right then, he let her face go
and Rupa moved her mouth away from that monster cock. A great
deal of saliva and other fluids came out of her mouth. She was still chocking.

That was really good blowjob, beta (daughter). Im really proud
of you Supriya encouraged my wife.

Without a word and a wicket grin on his face, Naresh rammed his
cock back into Rupas mouth again and began to fuck her mouth
forcefully.  Supriya now was holding her daughters head still
while her husband was fucking their only child like a whore.
After several minutes of wildest throat fucking, Naresh slowed
down and Rupa was sucking her fathers cock in slow stroke like
she usually gives me after sex. Supriya got up and placed her face 
right onto her husbands asshole and said, 

Jan, please give it to me

Before I realized what she was asking, I found her chewing
something from her husbands ass. What the fuck! She is eating
shit right out her husbands ass. Naresh had by now unloaded a
huge load of brown turd on his wifes pretty face. He kept on
shitting load after load. Supriyas whole face was now buried
under the pile of her husbands shit. Her tongue was still trying
to come out of the shit log and chew away as much as she could.
My wife came over and put her pretty face right on her fathers
worm pulsating shit log and started to eat it like a hungry dog.
The mother and daughter were engaged in the most passionate brown
kiss. Within minutes, the whole shit log was almost gone. Naresh
started to piss on them again. Ladies used the latest supply of
urin to wash their faces.

Ive never seen anything as erotic in my life. I was stroking
madly and a big load of cum shot right out my dick and landed at
least 10 feet from me. It was probably the longest cum Ive ever
experienced.

Naresh kissed his daughter to taste his own shit and appear
surprised to find it very tasteful. He said, 

Rupa, where is your husband by the way? Wont be nice to have him join the party?

Baba (father), I dont think Arun will ever accept this
lifestyle of mine. He is such a gentleman from a very respectable
family. I dont think he will even understand how maddingly
satisfying it is to eat shit and drink piss from your parents.
Baba, lets finish it quick before he wakes up. He might notice
I was gone

Supriya had a wicked smile of her face and she added, 

Rupa beta(daughter) dont be so sure. People will always surprise you when
it comes to sex. Ive seen so many respected ladies doing all
kinds of so-called weird nasty things to their partners even
to their children- when they are aroused enough

With that Supriya looked at the direction where I was still
recovering from all the wild scene and a strong ejaculation
and said, 

Arun beta, how long will you hide there and enjoy the
show? Its time to join her, my dear beta.

All looked at Supriya as if she has gone mad because there was no
one to be seen, just a wall, in the direction Supriya was
staring. I decided to let life take its own course and came out
from the other side of the wall. Rupa gave a sharp cry of shock.
Naresh just smiled and Supriya came over to hold my hand.

Beta I saw you there long time ago and decided that you should
see for yourself the secret of your wife. I know this is very
extra ordinary stuff. Some people will call it perversion. But we
want to know what you think of your wifes family and her sexual
inclinations. Rupa is your wife. If you dont accept her as she
is, it will be very painful for her to go on with life. But still
we cannot force you.

I thought that action will be more poignant than words to express
my take on this. So, I went to my wife, hold her hand to
lift her up and kissed her with her fathers shit still all
over her mouth. I licked all traces of shit from her face, hair,
armpit and tits. Then I smiled at her and said, 

Jan, I love you more for eating your fathers shit
and giving him the best blow job Ive ever seen

Everyone was so relieved to hear these words. We decided to
celebrate. Naresh asked for my permission to fuck his daughter,
which I obliged too readily. Then, I went to my sexy
mother-in-law, Supriya and kissed her. She whispered in my ears,

Beta, I heard you have a big cock. It would be really nice of
you if you could fuck me with that long pole. My pussy is so wet
for a good fuck right now

Ma (mother), Ill definitely fuck you as you like. But Ive one
request before that

Whats that beta? There should no desire unfilled today

I always dreamed of your ample ass. They are so beautiful when
you walk. Even this morning, I was drooling over your ass. My
cock probably have grown two inches just thinking about your big
ass

Sure, beta. If you like my ass that much you can ass-fuck me
first

Ma, I didnt mean to fuck you in the ass yet- that I plan to do
tonight. Now, Id be happy to eat your morning shit directly from
your ass. I can tell that you have not relieved your shit this
morning

I already love your taste my dear beta. Please do as you please

With that, Rupa and her father sat on the bench to see the show.
Supriya spread her ass cheek for me leaning against the wall that
I was behind few minutes ago. As soon as I put my tongue to her
red swollen ass cheek, a big brown hard turd showed up its face
through her puckered shitter. Rupa encouraged me while stroking
her fathers cock, 

Arun, go get it baby

I did not need any encouragement. I took the one and a half inch
wide semi hard log of shit right into my mouth. It tasted a little
bitter, but yet divinely sweet. Supriya was like a shitting
machine, she kept on pushing. Log after log of shit was coming
out of her ass. I was eating like a crazy dog. The amount of shit
was too much for one person. I waved Rupa to join me. She came
over and took a big load of shit from my face and started to
chew. She smeared some on her tits and asked me to eat them off
her chest. As we were playing with her shit, Supriya had yet more
shit to unload. Naresh went over and placed his mouth under his
wifes wide ass and Supriya unload another big load in on his
mouth. Supriya put one of her hands under her ass and another
mound of shit was unloaded on her hand. She came over to us to
show how she ate her own shit.

The End