This story contains mature content and is intended for the exclusive use of consenting ADULTS ONLY. If you can be offended by pornographic descriptions, or if you are a minor,Under the age of 18, it is illegal and forbidden to view, download, access or acquire this file by any means.
                   Please go do something else.
This material is Copyright, 2009  by cookiesncream925.  All rights reserved.  I specifically grant the right of downloading and keeping ONE electronic copy for your personal, non commercial use and reading so long as this notice is included.  Reposting requires previous permission and is only allowed IN ITS ENTIRETY, including this copyright notice. Any other use is illegal without the prior written consent of the author.

All persons here depicted, except public figures depicted as public figures in the background, are figments of my imagination and any resemblance to persons living or dead is strictly coincidental.


SunStruck
Chapter 2
He stood there trying to regain his strength he reached down to help her to her feet and then guided her to the couch.  She had a questioned look on her face as he slowly pushed her backwards over the back of the couch and lowered himself to his knees. She felt his rough hands lifting her hips and pulling her sweat shorts down her ankles. She moved her hands down to cover herself and her freshly shaved cleft.  He firmly said "move your damn hands" as he pushed them aside allow access to her.  Hesitantly, she lowered her hands to the couch to help balance herself.  He took little time with preliminaries and dove right in licking nibbling and sucking.  Her slit was engorged yet she felt herself opened up even move as he licked her slit and nibbled on her rosebud as it poked its head from its sheath and started growing as he continued his sucking.  His hands now traveled to her breast as he rubbed and picnched the nipples, ever so gently but then just hard enough.  She felt the first wave of an orgasm building and starting to course through her as he continued sucking on her engorged nubbin.  She felt his fingers circling  and lighting scratching the spot, the one that she knew would take her over the edge.
She was flowing now, her body responding, no hiding it as her body and innate desires took over. She thought, "this is just not right"  but her body and desires betrayed her.  She felt her body flush and her cunt quiver as he continued his assault on her cleft.  "when was the last time I felt this" she asked herself.  She didn't care anymore as long as he didn't stop.  She felt the first wave hit, then another as her whole body went flush with the heat he was bringing to her.  Then she felt it first the little circles around the pucker, then the gentle urging of his finger.  It seemed as if she was opening up for it and then not, she was urging him on with a quite coo and a whispered "yes". She felt yet another entering her cleft as the first one dove deeper into her puckered hole, at the same time, reaching and searching her spot, even while his tongue continued its swirling and urgings on her bud.  YES....... YES!, he had found it and "oh god" that feels so wonderful! The waves continued and this time she can feel it really swelling throughout her.  Like a tidal wave building and building waiting to crash down and wash over her body.   As it does, her senses awaken, she can hear the air moving about, her own heart beating, smell him and even the dust on the blinds yet seeing is difficult as her eyes have rolled back in her head as she comes............. Hard.
He slowly raises himself and stands, tracing his hands up across her body as he reaches for her breast.  He steps to her side and enters her mouth and simple says "get it hard".  A simple and easy task that she is up to yet it takes little as he hardens quickly.
He helps her stand as she is a little shaky.  He turns her around and bends her over the back of the couch, ass sticking up and open her slick engorged lips protruding below. Her toes just touching the carpet as she is stretch over the sofa, her head resting on the seat cushion.  She starts to ask, but is quickly silenced as he presses her lower back and answers, "Now..... I'm gonna fuck you"  he takes her from behind, she feels his hard member probing then finding the spot, wet, waiting, engorged and open, almost reaching out for him.  He takes her by the hips and drives forward, impaling her in one thrust on his manhood.  She comes, yet again.  His movement is slow yet deliberate as he seems to angle it to hit just the right spot, ever the lover in assuring her satisfaction.  His movement starts increasing, he starts driving harder and almost digging deeper as if he's trying to actually climb in her womb.  His hand grips her tightly as he drives harder into her, with only one goal on his mind.  She can feel him filling her up, she is opening more and more taking all of him in as he drives deeper and pumps into her.   Then she feels it growing even harder, his shortness of breath, his urgency as his pure animalist needs take over.  He grunts one last time and utters those endearing words "Oh Fuck" and comes, deep, deep inside her washing the walls of her womb. He leans forward and releases her hips as if casting off a rag doll. 
He quiets, his breathing is so shallow, she is not sure he is alive, if it were not for his throbbing cock deep within her.  He slowly withdraws and she can feel it and whimpers a simple "no" as his cock slithers out and is replaced by the cool air.  He is sated, for now.
