"With all the sex I'd had recently, this, oddly, felt the strangest."

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Power of Porn, Chapter 7 (MF, cons, inc, mc, oral, impreg?)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

My name's Wade. My Dad died, and I spent the next two weeks watching non-stop porn videos online, losing myself in Internet depravity until I was offered the Power of Porn. Now, the most bizarre sexual situations happen to me, as if I was living in a porno!

On the first day, I lost my virginity to my little stepsister, a shoplifter fucked me so that I wouldn't call the cops on her, and then my stepmother had sex with me so that she would get pregnant. On the second day, time stopped at school and I had some fun fucking frozen girls in their change room. That night, my stepmother came to me again for more incestuous breeding.

---

I went to work the next morning. Gordon the security guy was back on the job, so I was relegated back to stockperson (not stockboy, thank you very much).

I had just washing my hands in the mens' employee washroom when all of a sudden...

*Bow-chicka-wow-wow!*

Another porn scenario! Suddenly, the garbage can across from the sink started rocking a little. I dried my hands with some paper towels and went to investigate. Someone was pushing at it with their fingers through a 4" diameter hole in the wall that I hadn't noticed before. I realized that the womens' employee washroom was on the other side.

Gloryhole! I moved the garbage can aside, knelt down a bit, and saw a wide open lipsticked mouth through it. "C'mon!" the unknown woman on the other side urged me.

In a flash, my trousers and underwear were on the floor, and I pushed my hardening cock through the hole.

"Nice!" the woman exclaimed before I felt her hot mouth envelop my dick, which had grown to 7 inches in length just the previous night, plus I was a little thicker too.

I moaned as her tongue swirled around my shaft. She was pretty good at this...I wondered who she was. With the anonymity of the hole, she could be anyone on staff; my manager, a cashier, or one of the other stockpeople. I couldn't tell anything from her voice, muffled as it was through the wall. I groaned as she sucked most of my shaft into her mouth and then pulled back and did it again and again.

She pulled off. "I'm clean...can I fuck you?" she asked through the hole.

"Yeah!"

I felt her take my member in hand and direct it between her pussy lips. A moment later, I felt a couple inches of my shaft penetrate her hot, soft insides, and moaned again. She pulled away from the wall and then pushed back, taking most of me. One more movement forward and back, and I was all the way inside. I heard her gasp, "Fuuuck..."

I could feel her vagina rippling along my shaft. She might have been cumming already, or she wasn't used to taking someone my size, but she held still for a few seconds before she started fucking back at me, slowly at first, and then faster.

With all the sex I'd had recently, this, oddly, felt the strangest. Even with the timestop, I could reach around and fondle the woman's breasts, but all I could feel this time was the inside of her pussy, and all I could see was the wall. This woman could be anyone: short, tall, thin, um, robust, but all that mattered was how her pussy felt, and it felt awesome. After she reached a steady rhythm fucking back on me, I started pulling back and thrusting forward to meet her.

"Nhuhh...uhnn..." I heard her grunting, and then I felt her pussy clamp down on my cock as she came.

It was too much for me! I knocked on the wall twice, signalling that my own orgasm was imminent, but she kept fucking back on me, and so I grunted and blasted her vibrating insides with my cum.

"OH!" I heard her gasp. "UH! Uhuhhhuhh!" Her pussy kept suckling at my cock like a mouth, extending my own orgasm. Spurt after spurt of my cum was injected deep inside her sultry depths.

Finally, she pulled off of me with a gasp. A few seconds later I heard, "Thanks, Wade!" and then I heard some footsteps, followed by the ladies' washroom door opening and closing.

What?! She knew who I was but I didn't get to find out who she was? I quickly zipped up and rushed out the washroom door, but I couldn't see any staff nearby. Who had it been? I headed further into the store, scanning from side to side.

"Hey, Gordon!"

I turned. The shoplifting girl was over in a nearby section, grinning and coming toward me. Oh, right, I realized, she thought that I was Gordon the security guy because I had worn his spare uniform the time that I caught her stealing. I couldn't help but shift my gaze to her tight half-top and bare midriff as the slim girl approached. She was wearing yoga pants today. "Didn't I say not to come back to my store?" I asked her reproachfully.

She nibbled her lower lip as she glanced down at my crotch. "Yeah, but I'm not shopping; I was looking for you."

"Me?"

"Yeah." She suddenly looked shy, which seemed unlike her. "Um...do y'wanna go out with me?"

"Do I...what?"

"You don't like me?" She looked stricken.

I pulled her by her elbow back toward the employee area. "What is this?"

"Look, man, I can't stop thinking about you. Nobody ever made me cum like that before. I wanna do it again. If you don't wanna date, can we at least be fuckbuddies?" She nibbled her lower lip again.

This was bizarre, especially since I realized that the disco porn tune had sounded before the gloryhole encounter, but not before this chance meeting. What did that mean?

I gave her my number as well as my real name. Her name was Piper.

---

When I got home, my stepfamily and I ate dinner and then streamed a movie. I looked at the three gorgeous, sexy women around me...I couldn't believe that I had fucked two of them thanks to whatever the hell was happening to me.

---

After I went to bed, the porn music sounded: *Bow-chicka-wow-wow!* Then there was a knock at the door.

"Yeah?"

The door opened slightly and a finger beckoned me before retreating. I rose, pulled on some underwear, and followed. It was Rayanne, and she was wearing another nightgown, blue this time. She looked back at me seductively before heading into my Dad's old office.

I closed the door behind me and turned to her, my now 7" cock fully engorged at the sight of my stepmother's voluptuous form peeking out from her lingerie. She turned, raised her gown, and bent over the desk. "Take me hard and fast," she urged me.

She was visibly wet, so I rushed forward and shoved my cock into her, making her cry out in a mixture of pleasure and pain. Once I thrust into her sufficiently to bury my cock all the way, I grabbed her wrists and pulled her arms back, holding them straight and using them as leverage to ram into her again and again.

"Take...me...fill...me...knock...me...up..." she moaned in time with my thrusts as she shook in pleasure.

I didn't last long. Hearing a sexy woman demanding that you fuck a child into her is just too much, and I growled as I inseminated my dead father's wife once again.

---

Back in my bed later, I was about to drop off when I received a text from Piper: *Hey whatcha doin?*

'Recovering from trying to knock up my stepmother,' is what I didn't say. *Nothin*

*Wanna sext?*

I really just wanted to go to sleep. *We'll do a lot more than that tomorrow rest up*

*Mmm that might be enough actually* she sent back with a kiss emoji.

I replied with an eggplant emoji and snickered.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)