AMY WRAPPED AND TIED

BY SHARKHUNTER

When I was ten years old, I had a friend that lived down the road
from me about a quarter of a mile. Her name was Amy. Amy was a
year younger than me.She had shiny medium length blonde hair. We
hung out with each other all the time. Her parents had a nice
house with a swimming pool sitting on four acres of land. Amy's
parents both work all day and her older sister Milissa would
watch over the house and Amy too. Milissa was 13 years old and
had the same type hair as Amy. During the day Milissa would let
me come over and I would spend hours in the pool playing with
Amy.

One day I went over to Amy's house and she opened the door real
fast like before I could knock. I stepped in the house and saw
that Amy was wearing her pearl blue bikini.

"Go ahead and take off your T shirt and shorts," she told me.

I had on a pair off competition style speedo swimming trunks
underneath my shorts. I pulled off my T shirt and she came over
and pulled my shorts down and I steped out of them.

"I'm bored with swimming," Amy said.

"What do you want to do then," I replied.

Amy walked into their large living room to a king size bed sheet
that was spread out on the floor.I followed behind her. I could
not keep my eyes off her pretty little butt and when she turned
around I would feel a stiffy when I noticed how her skimpy little
bikini bottom pressed tightly into her crotch.

Amy laid down on the edge of the sheet with the top just above
her shoulders.

"Roll me up as tight as you can in this sheet," Amy said.

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"I want to be wrapped as tight as you possibly can in this
sheet!"Amy exclaimed. Amy laid there with her arms pressing
tightly against her side and her feet and knees tightly togather.
I got down to my knees and began to roll Amy over and over each
time snatching and pulling the sheet tight against her little
body. Finally I got toward the other end of the sheet. There were
two feet before the wrapping was complete. Milissa walked in the
living room. She had been outside by the pool sun batheing.
Milissa was wearing her black skimpy bikini that look like it was
a size to small.

"Hold on Sam, let me show you what to do here." Milissa said.

There were about two foot of rolled sheet past Amy's feet.
Milissa folded the ends up and over her feet.

"Go ahead and finish rolling her up now." Milissa said.

I rolled Amy over three more times. On the last roll I snatched
the sheet twice to get it as snug as I could. Amy laid there on
the floor every so often raising her head up looking down her
tightly wrapped body. I couldn't resist poking her sides with my
fingers and watching her squrim.

Milissa returned to the living room with a long coil of one half
inch white rope. "Raise her legs up Sam," Milissa said.

Milissa tied one end of the rope around Amy's ankles tightly then
wrapped three times around her feet. Milissa then began to wrap
the rope around Amy's legs from her ankles up to her waist
keeping each wind an inch a part.

"Okay Sam pick her up to her feet," Milissa politely commanded.

I picked Amy up and stood her to her feet. Amy looked down at the
bulge in my swim trunks and giggled. Milissa reach over with her
fingers and tickled my buldge and said, "Your really enjoying
this, wait untill you see what I have in store for you." My heart
began to beat fast and I got this real cool feeling in my guts.
Milissa again wrapped the rope tightly from her waist to her
shoulders and then over her shoulders four times on each side.
She tied the remaining rope off at Amy's right shoulder. Amy
stood up right,squrimed and wiggled hopelessly against her
wrappings and binds. Milissa told me to grab Amy at her ankles
and she got her at the shoulders and we picked her up
horrizatally and carried her out of the living room into the
hallway to a locked room. Amy wasn't saying much just giggling at
my buldge.

"Amy, are you okay? you are not saying much!!" I exclaimed.

"She knows I will gag her if she talks to much, which I'm going
to gag her anyway but not just yet." Milissa said.

"Set your end down and let's stand her up." softly commanded
Milissa.

I held Amy up while Milissa took a key and opened the lock and
removed it from the hasp. I would poke Amy here and there to see
what reaction I would get from her. I reached down and guessed
about where here crotch was and stroked the sheet over the area.
Amy's eyes pop wide open and a big smile stretched across her
face. Milissa opened the door and turned around to me and said,

"Lets drag her in here."

Over in the middle of the room was a column that was from the
ceiling to the floor. At the foot of the column was a pile of
coiled hemp rope.

"Stand her up and hold her against this column." ordered Milissa.

Milissa took the end of the hemp rope and tied Amy's shoulders to
the column. Then she picked up the coil and handed it to me.

Hold this rope ahd follow me around as I finish up with Amy.

Milissa had wrapped Amy from her neck to her feet completly wth
the hemp rope. She was wrapped, tied, cocooned to the column with
the hemp rope and finally Milissa shoved a ball gag into her
mouth and tied off behind her head. Then she turned to me and
said it is your turn little boy.

