Fairy Story

== 1 ==

	Lieutenant Jill Silver paced in her office outside the crime lab. Over and over she walked to the window and stared at the board and the pictures of the woman found in the park yesterday. Over and over she arrived at the same conclusion.

	"Impossible."

	According to dental records, the Jane Doe they had found in the park was a one Maxine Erdmann, reported missing some ten years ago at age 27. The woman that had been found at sunrise yesterday, barely alive and completely naked, looked to be about the same age but completely gaunt and dehydrated. She had died shortly after being brought to the hospital, and the medical report had shown that she had been repeatedly raped by something about the size of a baseball bat. Strangely, although her vagina was stretched and misshapen from the abuse, she showed no signs of internal damage or any other mark of attack. No bruises, no scratches, no signs of struggle... nothing.

	The police autopsy had found no "known" drugs in her system, but did show some unknown substances in very high quantities present in her bloodstream. It had also shown that while she was incredibly thin and underweight, she was not malnourished. In fact, her body was in prime health, her muscles ( what was left of them ) were toned, her teeth were well cared for, not a single cavity, her skin was flawless ( though sagging on her thin frame ), and even her hair was well groomed.

	But the strangest thing, the thing that drew Lt. Silver back to the pictures like an accident you can't turn away from, was her breasts. They must have been huge at one time, well over double-F cups, and her nipples looked swollen even in her current state. Almost as big around as a quarter, and two inches long with areola as wide as her fist! Her misshapen breasts hung down almost to the ground when they found her kneeling in the park, long and stretched like big balloons half filled with water and air. According to the pictures and records they had from the original missing persons report ( posted right on the board next to the new ones ) Maxine Erdmann had completely ordinary, c-cup breasts at best.

	Lt. Silver was wondering to herself for the hundredth time what could possibly do this to a woman, when the police coroner knocked outside her door. Tearing her eyes from the crime board, she looked to the door. A small man stood there in a long white coat emblazoned with the police symbol above his nametag, holding a manila envelope dangling from his fingertips like he didn't want to touch it. Wire rimmed glasses sat on the bridge of his little round nose, his small dark eyes usually distant but strangely calm looked disturbed now. He was shuffling his feet, a very odd thing for this usually calm, collected man. Steve Sandborne did not generally lose his cool... that alone bothered the Lieutenant. She motioned to him to come in and waited a long few seconds for him to speak.

	"You've got something new?" she asked

	"Yes..." he replied, almost looking away, "but you're not going to like it." The strange look in his eyes said more than he could voice.

	"Steve..." she began, "I have a very bad feeling about this case. Just take it slow and tell me. What we've seen with this poor woman is unbelievable enough, and I think it's going to get worse before it gets better. Don't worry about sounding like a nut", she smiled, "Just tell me."

	He smiled back just a little... and took a deep breath. "Ok... you were right about Mommy..." the sharp look in the Lieutenant's eye stopped him cold. "I mean Maxine," the little nervous coroner corrected himself quickly. When they had brought her in, Maxine would only answer to the name "Mommy", and whisper the phrase "Mommy is dry..." over and over. 

	"Maxine... ", he went on, "was physically still close to 27 years old. We already knew that she was healthy, the hospital told us that, even though she looked emaciated. What they didn't say was that she was completely dehydrated. I don't mean like parched," he added when the Lieutenant's look told him she'd already heard this part, "I mean like her internal organs, blood cells, and plasma itself contained less than 2% the water weight of a normal healthy woman." 

	When the Lieutenant had had time to raise an eyebrow skeptically he went on "Yes... that should have been enough to kill her long ago. Never mind the fact that her body should have dissolved her muscles and used them for nourishment. And... she had zero body fat anywhere, except..." he paused a second and took a short breath, "except her breasts. Her milk glands were grossly enlarged, and you saw her nipples. The glands were surrounded by the only fat left on her body... but even the glands themselves were completely dehydrated by the time we found her. Why her body would preserve the fat and fluids around only that area is beyond me..."

	The Lieutenant let out her breath slowly, and started, "Well... that's not so..."

	"There's more", the little man before her interrupted.

	He shuffled his feet again, "She was pregnant."

	At this Jill was shocked. She looked closely at the coroner, anger rising in her again at whoever or whatever did this. "You're sure, Steve?" she demanded.

	The coroner looked away, not able to meet her glare. "I'm sure. But..."

	"But what?" she demanded again, "And how did the hospital miss it? They should have found something when they did the rape kit! Why didn't they report it?"

	"They may not have looked," he started again a little calmer as he sank behind his science, "the required hormones for pregnancy were not present in her body, she showed none of the signs of carrying, what was left of her internal organs didn't show signs of... Oh hell Jill, maybe they found it and just didn't believe it!" This last he blurted out, and turned away from his boss.

	"What...", she asked very slowly as she laid a hand on his shoulder, "exactly are you talking about?"

	"It's just a fetus" he muttered, "barely formed... maybe 4 or 5 weeks old... but still..."

	The strong woman waited, her hand still on his shoulder steadying him. He took some strength from it, and went on.

	"It's not human, Jill. It's like a half formed animal," it came out now, in a whisper, "The top could be human, the head and arms, but the bottom is like a dog. Legs bent at the knees and ankles, the bone structure, the hip joint... Christ, it didn't even have feet"

	"Steve..." she began quietly as she pushed the door shut with her free hand

	"I knew you wouldn't believe me!" he gasped. "I wouldn't have either... So I brought the x-rays" With that he tossed the envelope he had been carrying on the table, the way you might toss a dead rat away from you, with a jerk then quickly moved away. The door finished slowly swinging closed with a click.

	She stared at it, unable or unwilling to open it yet.

	"Look at it" he muttered... "Please. Tell me I'm wrong, I'd love to hear it... please" Having finally said it all, he collapsed on the small couch beside her desk and looked at his boss.

	Jill picked up the envelope and stared at it only a second, before she realized she needed to be strong here. She needed to show the other detectives and uniforms that no matter how bad or unbelievable, she wouldn't fold "like a girl". That she could take it, even when they couldn't. With a steady hand, she unwound the string holding the envelope closed and pulled out the pictures. One by one she flipped through the x-rays and sonograms. Steve had been very thorough; he obviously couldn't believe what he had found. He had taken pictures from every angle, every magnification. There could be no doubt about it... what she saw was not a human child, it was some kind of... of... there was no word she could think of that came close to describing what she felt about the thing inside Maxine.

	Slipping the pictures back into the envelope and sealing it, she pushed it into a draw of her desk and turned to the man on her couch. "First, Steve... I'm sorry, you were not wrong. I don't know what it is, but it's definitely not human." She moved and sat next to him.

	"God in heaven" he muttered, staring at his shuffling feet...

	"I'm not sure He applies here" she whispered... "Who else have you told about this Steve?"

	"No, no-one!" he looked quickly to her, "Who would believe it?"

	"Good" she replied calmy... "Don't say a word about it. Not to anyone else, not the other police, not your coworkers, and for God's sake not the press!"

	He breathed a long slow sigh... almost relieved. "But... " he started...

	"No" she whispered... "I'll take full responsibility. I'll even write you the order and sign it, for your protection. But no-one is to know anything about this until we know more. Understood? Promise me Steve... no-one."

	He nodded and looked at her... "I promise... but Jill... what are we going to do about it?"

	"Remove it" she answered flatly. The thought of that thing inside any woman's body made her veins run cold.

	"What?" replied the little man, clearly shocked.

	"Remove it" she said again, her face looking at him understandingly, but her voice almost completely flat. "There are no hormones present in her body to point to a pregnancy, you said she didn't show any other signs either internally or externally of carrying. No one will know. Remove it and preserve it. Document every step. Pictures and notes, as much detail as you can stomach, no-one will believe it otherwise. Make sure that nothing is lost, but make sure that nothing will be noticed or discovered until we're ready to go public."

	She noticed he was looking a little green around the edges... she'd never seen anything in her ten years at this department that would make Steve Sandborne ill. "There's a first time for everything" she thought to herself...

	"Steve, pull yourself together. No one can know about this, the press would have a field day and we'll never be able to finish the investigation in the middle of a media circus. But we can't hold the body; her family will be here tomorrow to pick it up. The funeral home might notice something, or they may have their own examination done, or any number of things... we can't let someone else find THAT", she looked briefly at her desk, "and accuse us of a cover up. You follow?"

	He whispered, looking away again "yes..."

	"Good. Can you do it without leaving any traces?"

	"Yes... because of the..." he swallowed, "... yes."

	"Do it Steve."

	He got up to leave, walked to the door and turned back before opening it. "Ok... but you're gonna owe me lunches for a year!" he tried to joke, referring to their long standing deal of lunch-for-favors. It came out a little shaky, but she smiled reassuringly none-the-less.

	"Deal" she replied.

== 2 ==

	That night in her car on the way home, she couldn't shake the images from the crime board from her mind. Or the images of that thing inside Maxine Erdmann. About halfway home she realized she'd never be able to sleep tonight... and probably couldn't eat either. Since she didn't have any family that she cared to ever see again, and no one close enough to call a friend, she turned and headed to the gym. 

	"To work off some stress" she muttered to herself. Closer to the truth, she was hoping to work herself to exhaustion and collapse when she got home... and maybe not have nightmares about that thing.

	Pulling into the parking lot, she grabbed her bag from it's spot on the backseat of her little sportscar. Since she didn't have close friends to go out with, her workout bag was always close at hand. If she wasn't home in her apartment, or at work, she was probably at the gym or with her Aikido trainer. Currently one rank below black-belt, she kept her body in top physical form and was proud of that. Tonight she needed to stop thinking for awhile... "Yes", she thought to herself as she hefted the bag and pushed through the glass doors, "A good long workout topped off with a long, HOT shower was just what the doctor ordered."

	The desk clerk smiled warmly and greeted her as she passed. A sandy haired young man that she hardly acknowledged... his name-tag said "Stan" but she'd never bothered to look. She tossed a wave over her shoulder and slipped into the ladies locker room lost in thought. She knew the place closed at eleven, and it was almost nine now... if she wanted to really push herself she'd have to hurry.

	She had changed before she left the station, so now when she looked in the locker room mirror she didn't see Lt. Jill Silver, 10-year police veteran. She saw Jill, a 5'6" 30-ish woman staring back. Strong, lean, in excellent health. Toned muscles under her jeans-and-t-shirt civvies, and her long red hair drawn back in a loose ponytail. Square shoulders, sharply defined eyes and cheeks, and full, chiseled lips kept her from ever looking "girlish", but still, very attractive. Carefully applied makeup accentuated her features, enhancing rather than covering her rough edges. The consummate Tom Boy, all grown up into a strong, successful woman.

	"Not unlike Maxine Erdmann..." she thought to herself as she moved between the lockers and undressed. Underneath she wore a jogbra and thong, tight fitting and comfortable, as were all her clothes. As she took her spandex workout clothes out of her bag she looked up at the full-length mirror at the end of the run of lockers and saw a woman behind her quickly look away. Jill smiled to herself as she pulled the tight top over her head, wriggling into it and giving the woman a little show before she pulled her shorts on, never hinting that she had seen the other woman check her out. Tucking the rest of her street clothes back into her bag, she tossed it into a free locker and snapped her lock on it. 

	The other woman brushed past her, just touching her as she passed, and Jill could smell her perfume strongly. Something a little too sweet, girlish, but nice. Glancing in the mirror again she saw the woman was young, toned, with short cropped blonde hair and full pink-tinted lips. Under the suit she could see the outline of a firm, tight stomach and smooth, round hips atop long firm legs. She smiled quickly as she turned the corner, catching Jill's eye in the mirror for that second. As Jill watched her siluette against the lockers she guessed the woman was maybe a C-cup... if she ever wore a bra at all, which she obviously wasn't now, her small nipples pressing against the fabric of her spandex jumpsuit.

	Jill checked her hair in the mirror as she watched the blonde woman walk behind her to the main gym, her hips swaying slightly. "She can't be more than 21" Jill thought to herself as the woman pushed through the locker door, "I still have that effect..." and smiled happily as she turned to head out.

	For the first hour, Jill attacked the machinery like a woman on a mission. She moved through the Nautilus machines one after another, pushing set after set, working until her muscles burned. After her brief passing with the young blonde woman, the image of Maxine had returned and she wanted only to purge that thought from her mind for the night if she could. Finally, she moved to the free weights, her face covered in long tendrils of sweat drenched hair, her spandex suit sticking tight to her damp body.

	The young woman was there, lying down on the free weight bench, getting ready to begin bench presses. She looked to Jill and smiled and sat up.

	"That was quite a workout, I don't think I've seen anyone push herself that hard in a long time. My name's Krystal, but Krys will do." She smiled and extended her hand.

	"Jill" she replied, still winded, and shook the woman's hand briefly. The blonde woman held her hand just a second or two longer than she needed to; her eyes flicked up and down Jill's sweat stained clothes. Jill suddenly became acutely aware of the rise and fall of her chest as the younger woman looked her over, and struggled to slow her breathing. She felt the flush of arousal begin at her chest, as realized this young woman might be bi too.

	"Jill..." she repeated, smiling impishly. "Would you mind spotting me?"

	"Of course not" she smiled in return, and moved to the head of the bench. She watched as Krys lay back down, and noticed for the first time that the top of her tight spandex suit was very low cut. In fact from this position, with the woman laying before her, her arms spread outwards on the bar, she had a lovely view of Krys' breasts. She felt the flush growing, warmth spreading up her shoulders and neck, as she looked up only to see they were against a mirror... and she was looking back between the younger woman's legs on the bench. The spandex suit Krys wore was a two-piece, with tight pink shorts under a baby blue thong-backed bathing suit-type top that barely stretched over her body. It pulled tight between her legs, and with her feet on either side of the bench and her knees spread, the edges of the crotch pulled tight around her pussy and pressed the material tight against her labia, making them almost visible through the material. "I don't think she's wearing panties either..." she thought to herself...

	"Ready?" Krys asked... and pulled Jill back to the real world. She smiled and put her hands under the bar, just below it. "Sure, go ahead" she replied.

	The next hour Jill spent with Krys, moving from area to area. They would switch off spotting each other, sometimes standing so close they were brushing each other as they moved. She could smell the younger constantly, and the scent of her flowery perfume mixed with her sweat was like a pheromone for Jill. With her job being so demanding of her time, and so high visibility, she rarely had the time or even the option of a relationship with another woman. And with the stresses she'd been under over the last few days, she was very much in need of release. As she worked with Krys and they pushed each other through routines, she realized this friendly, pleasant young woman was in as good shape as she was attractive... and she began thinking this might turn out to be a very good night after all.

	Finally they reached the end of the circuit of machines and weights, and stopped. Both of them covered in sweat, breathing deep, smiling and leaning on each other on the last bench.

	"Wow..." Krys breathed... "You're really something. That was some workout, Jill. Thanks!"

	"Thank you!" Jill gasped, "Anytime you need a partner, I'm game!"

	"What I need right now, is some juice... and a shower. C'mon, I'm buying"

	They laughed and headed to the juice bar. Jill let the young blonde buy her a drink, and they sat and talked. As they chatted it became more and more apparent to the older woman that Krys was interested in more than just talk. The way her eyes kept traveling down over Jill's body... or resting on her lips while she talked. Or the way her hand would accidentally brush Jill's at the small table. Or the way she sat just a little closer than she needed to, and kept brushing Jill's body with hers when she reached across the table. 

	Finally they realized they were the last two customers in the building, and that "Stan" was probably still here just because he was sitting and staring at them from the front desk. They smiled to each other and whispered about him, and Jill rested her hand on Krys' leg and said "I'd better go, it's late and I still need to shower before I head home. And Stan is going to close the building around us if we don't get out of here!"

	The young blonde laughed and paid for the two juices and they both headed to the women's locker room. Inside, Jill undressed and noticed Krys doing the same. She tried not to think anything of it when she saw the shapely girl ( she had come to think of Krys as possibly only 20, so much younger than herself at 33 ) peeling out of her suit, but she couldn't help noticing that she had been right about Krys not wearing panties. Her clean shaven pussy was still glistening with sweat from their workout... or maybe just her own dampness...

	Krys was still pushing her bag into her locker and pulling out her towel when Jill slipped into the nearest shower stall and turned the water on as hot as it would go. The blast of hot water and steam filled the stall almost immediately, and she felt the burn of it against her skin as she ducked under the showerhead. Letting her breath out in a long, slow, deep sigh, Jill reached down and slipped a finger inside her wet pussy as the water washed through her sticky hair and down over her breasts. She never heard Krys slip inside the shower curtain, she was much too lost in her own fantasy about the beautiful girl.

	"Let me help..." Krys whispered as her hand touched Jill's.

	Jill opened her eyes immediately and gasped... and Krys touched a finger to her lips. "Shhhh...." she whispered as she pressed Jill's hand against her mons, "We're alone, Stan won't dare come and clean in here until we leave, he's much too timid for that." Krys was gently grinding Jill's own fingers against her wet pussy, pushing her finger over her own clit while she whispered... "We're completely alone... and I really want you Jill. And I really think you want me too."

	Krys' short cropped blonde hair stuck to her head as she pushed under the shower with Jill, water plastering it down as she moved her face close in front of Jill's. Her lips parted slightly as she slipped her own finger into Jill's pussy, letting Jill's hand drop away to the side as she pressed her mouth over the oder woman's. Relieved, surprised, and completely aroused, Jill returned in kind by opening her mouth to meet her young lover and probing her tongue gently against Krys'... tasting the girl for the first time.

	"She tastes like honey" Jill thought to herself... "it must be her lip gloss... but she tastes wonderful!" Aloud she moaned softly as their lips parted, her tongue still reaching for Krys'... and she breathed to the girl "Yes... yes I want you too, it's been so long"

	Jill looked at the girl and realized how much smaller she was than herself. Not just shorter... although she was maybe 5'2 at the most. Standing on her tiptoes, with Jill sloping against the shower wall, she could just kiss the taller woman. But she was petite, almost elfin... but perfect in every way. Her figure would make a model jealous, the perfect hourglass shape, her full hips pressing between Jill's thighs reminded her of that and she wrapped her arms around her. Her bottom was small and firm, raised like bubbles, and Jill's hands cupped each side and squeezed gently. Krys moaned as Jill's fingers pressed into her cleft, squeezing and opening her from behind... and the smaller girls mouth made an "O" as she closed her eyes and pursed her lips. Jill realized she wasn't wearing lip gloss or lipstick, that the pink tint was natural. In fact, under the hot water streaming down on them, there was not a line on her face... she didn't appear to be wearing any makeup at all. "Perfect youth" was all Jill could think as the vision before her moaned passionately.

	Krys' moan got lower as she opened her mouth and pressed it against Jill's again, pushing her tongue back into the woman's mouth, dancing with Jill's again. Jill felt her nipples harden as the younger girl's firm breasts pressed against her, her already hard nipples pushing like marbles into her soft flesh. The hand between her legs began to move again, and the small fingers against her lips began to stroke against her clit. Krys played Jill's pussy like a concert musician plays a harp, her fingers moving over it precisely, fluidly, knowing exactly where to be and when to be there... always stroking lovingly with just the right pressure. As Jill leaned back harder against the shower wall, she lowered herself down to spread her legs wider, giving her lover more access to her wet inner folds. She wouldn't have stopped the girl now if half the precinct had walked in on them!

	But no one interrupted them... and Krys didn't stop. 

	She slipped a finger inside Jill's wet pussy, stroking in and out of her as she moaned against her mouth. Jill reached back behind her, grasping as her ass, trying to hold Krys against her as she got closer and closer, but the young girl had other ideas. Krys pushed her hips away and bent down, breaking the kiss and kissing her way down Jill's neck. Jill moaned as she slid her hands up Krys' back and shoulders, hands holding her shoulder now, nails digging into the girl's flesh as she kissed and nibbled her way down Jill's chest to her left nipple. Taking it in her teeth, Krys pulled gently on it as she slid a second finger into Jill's pussy.

	Jill gasped and moaned in ecstasy as she felt Krys pulling at her nipple... her eyes opened as she looked down to see the girl's tongue swirl around it, making it even harder. Her nipple swelled up like a hard grape, and the girl smiled that impish smile again and took it in her mouth and suckled at it as she bent both fingers inside Jill and pressed up and forward searching for her G-spot. Jill's eyes rolled back and closed as Krys found it, both fingers pressing against it as she rubbed up and down inside her... her moans getting louder now as her legs spread wider apart... her head rolling against the hard tile of the shower wall.

	"Oh... my... God Krys... yesssss"

	Jill's hands gripped the girl's shoulders tighter as she lifted her from her nipple and guided her to her other breast. Looking down, she saw Krys looking up at her, lips parted, her free hand sliding up her side to cup her right breast. Krys' fingers still moved inside her... pumping a little faster now... still pressing against her G-spot and rubbing hard against it. 

	"Please... " Jill gasped... "Please suck it too!"

	Krys smiled at her and squeezed her breast, making her nipple stand out more and kissed it gently. She pursed her lips and blew on it, as she slipped a third finger inside Jill. Jill felt herself stretch to admit her, it had been a long time since she had had a lover this aggressive, and the feeling was intense! 

	"Please Krys!" she gasped

	Krys flicked Jill's nipple with her tongue playfully as bent all three fingers against the woman's G-spot, rubbing it and driving them in and out of her faster. All Jill could do was buck her hips against Krys' hand and watch the girl drive her crazy! Her nipple was swollen like the other had been, the size of a grape and hard as a rock, when finally Krys rolled her tongue around it, then licked it full up and down with the flat of her tongue. Jill gasped and moaned loudly as she pushed down on Krys' fingers and pulled her head against her nipple, making her cover it with her mouth. "How did she know how sensitive they are??" she thought to herself as the girl suckled at it like the other side, sending intense waves of pleasure from her nipple through her chest and meeting with the waves washing from inside her pussy.

	Her whole body tensed as Jill finally couldn't take it anymore, her eyes closed again and she pushed her head and shoulders back against the tile wall and yelled loudly as her body shook. The most intense orgasm she'd had in years shuddered through her as she held Krys against her with one hand, the other wildly slamming against the shower stall wall. Completely oblivious to the noise she was making, Jill exploded in sheer pleasure, pent up for years and released so quickly by this perfect young lover!

	As Jill began to slow, Krys released her nipple from her warm mouth, and kissed her way back up Jill's body until she was even with her face again. Krys slide her fingers from Jill's pussy slowly, letting the older women sigh gently as she felt herself empty and her walls slowly close... then Krys slipped all three fingers into her own mouth and sucked them as she leaned close to Jill. Jill could smell herself as the girl leaned close... hot water streaming down hair and face, until she pulled her fingers from her mouth and pressed them against Jill's lips. Without hesitation, Jill opened and took them, sucking them clean and tasting herself. The older woman had spent many nights alone, doing this to herself, then cleaning her own fingers and fantasizing about a lover like Krys.

	As Jill lived her own private fantasy in wonder, sucking her own juices from Krys' fingers, her young lover whispered to her, "Let's dry off... and go back to your place"

	The promise in those big, almond eyes was more than Jill would have refused even if she had been in a normal state of mind. Coming down from a mind-blowing orgasm, still completely aroused, naked in a shower with a beautiful girl, and sucking her own cum from the girl's fingers... she could do nothing but accept.	

	They toweled off quickly, and got dressed. She Jill took her thong from her bag, Krys reached quickly and snatched it away. Smiling that smile, she tossed it in the trash beside her. Jill smiled back and pulled her jeans over her bare pussy. "What the hell" she thought, "this girl is worth one pair of panties... and I'd only be taking them off again in a few minutes anyway!"

	Aloud she said "You're bad, girl... going to be a terrible influence on me!"

	"Love me anyway?" Krys asked playfully.

	"MMmmmmm you know I do!" Jill replied and hugged the girl against her bare chest, kissing her deeply. 

	As she reached for her bra, Krys took it from her bag. "This too!" she said and danced away across the room, pushing it into another trashcan.

	"Imp!" Jill cried, reaching for the bra and missing, Krys was amazingly fast when she wanted to be. Jill knew her reflexes were very fast, from her training as an officer and her Aikido training as well... "She must be either a dancer or a gymnast to move like that!" she thought to herself... and resigned herself to buying a new bra tomorrow as she slipped her t-shirt over her head.

	In the few seconds Jill's head was covered, Krys watched her and nodded as if she'd made up her mind. Then smiled as Jill's head popped out, and grabbed her bag. Slipping up beside Jill she blew in her ear softly and whispered "Can I ride with you... please....?" and nibbled her earlobe, sending goose bumps down Jill's neck and arm, making her shiver all over.

	"Of course!" she breathed.

	When Jill finished dressing, Krys pushed the door open, and Jill followed her out. The look on Stan's face said he knew exactly what had happened... but for once Jill didn't care. The beautiful young thing in front of her obviously didn't care... and they were going home together... so who cares if anyone else knows, why should Jill care? She took Krys' hand and they walked out together smiling as Stan locked the place up and decided he would work there forever.

	It was almost a 45 minute drive to her apartment, and all the way home Krys kept Jill in a constant state of arousal. The first thing she did when they were moving on the dark road was to unzip her pants. Since she wasn't wearing panties, it was easy for Krys to push her fingers down inside her jeans and touch Jill's hard button with the tip of her finger. And once her pants were open, it was easy to pull her shirt free and slip a hand underneath and up to cup her bare breasts. If it had been daylight, Jill could never have made it home. But in the darkened car, on dark streets, no-one could see the exquisite torture that Krys put Jill through.

	Since she drove an automatic, Jill's feet were free most of the time. Almost involuntarily she kept her legs as wide apart as she could to let Krys have as much access to her body as she needed. 

	Krys reached down inside Jill's jeans, her small fingers slipping inside the open zipper, through her close trimmed red bush, and down between her lips to find her engorged clit. Jill almost swerved into another car as Krys began twirling it with her fingers, rubbing her fingers around it and pushing Jill's swollen nub around in little circles. Gasping, Jill managed to pull the car back into her own lane as Krys lifted her t-shirt and took Jill's hard nipple in her other hand. 

	"Poor baby" Krys teased... "So wet and you have to drive... can't even fight back, stuck in your seat"

	"This... isn't nice... you know" Jill gasped.

	"Want me to stop?" Krys asked, as she pinched the older woman's sensitive nipple between her fingers.

	"Oohhhh... no, don't stop" Jill said in a horse whisper.

	"Hmm...? What's that?" Krys asked, rolling the swollen nipple gently.

	"Please don't stop!" Jill gasped again as she fought to keep the car straight.

	Krys smiled and lifted Jill's shirt as high as she could, exposing both breasts to her touch. Moving from nipple to nipple, she pinched and pulled them as Jill moaned in her seat, her pussy wetness soaking the material of her blue jeans as Krys' other hand expertly worked her clit.

	When they came to a stoplight about halfway to Jill's house, Krys quickly withdrew to her won seat. "Get naked" she said as she pulled off her top.

	"What?" Jill asked, shocked as she turned to see Krys now stripping off her pants.

	"Quick! Before the light changes or someone drives up!" Krys replied, grabbing Jill's shirt and pulling it up. She stiff-armed Jill's wrists, breaking her grip on the wheel and peeled her shirt quickly over her head. "Quick quick! Jeans too!" she giggled.

	"You're crazy!" Jill laughed, but decided that tonight she'd be crazy too... one night with this girl wouldn't kill her, and a little craziness sounded like a lot of fun. She lifted her ass and pushed her jeans to the floor, pulling her feet out of her shoes and socks. She tugged her feet free and wrapped the whole thing into a bundle she handed to Krys just as the light changed. Jill hit the gas as another car came up behind them, and they shot out of the light of the intersection.

	Up ahead they were coming to a bridge, well lit and with other cars on it. Jill accelerated to cross it as quickly as possible. Mercifully, she thought to herself, Krys didn't touch her as they approached. Just as they reached the apex of the bridge, however, Krys powered her window down and tossed the entire bundle of both their clothes out into the water below.

	"What the hell??" cried Jill as she watched her $100 pair of sneakers tumbling away into the river.

	Krys giggled like a schoolgirl, and looked at her with those big brown almond shaped eyes full of mirth and said, "Don't worry... I'll make it up to you, I promise!" And she leaned over and took Jill's bare, hard nipple into her mouth and suckled on it, rolling her tongue around and around it in her mouth.

	It was all Jill could do to keep the car containing the two naked women on the road. The speed they picked up on the bridge was exhilarating, and Jill didn't slow down as they reached the other side. In fact, as Krys' fingers slipped between her legs again, she spread wide and sped through the next red light, oblivious to any traffic that may have been there. Thankfully at this hour there was only one other driver to blare his horn as they raced past... Jill never even heard it as Krys' fingers found their target and slipped inside her over-stimulated pussy, the wet lips opening wide to take them eagerly. 

	Jill lifted her right arm over Krys' head, then reached down her body and slid her hand underneath, searching. She felt Krys lift for her, raising her hips up a little and her legs shifting... and Jill's fingers found the wetness she wanted. Pressing her middle finger against it, she slipped easily inside Krys' opening and pressed up against her clit, rubbing awkwardly as she tried to drive with her left hand and keep herself from cumming before they stopped.

	Krystal, however, did not let up at all. She pressed two fingers deeper inside Jill's wet tunnel, and bent them up again to find her spot and rub it.

	"No..." Jill moaned.... "No... god you're going to make me cum again!"

	The fingers in her aching pussy pressed up and found her g-spot, and Jill almost came immediately! The intensity of the feeling, with Krys still working at her nipples ( which seemed to have become even more sensitive, if that was possible ) almost pushed her over the edge, but the danger of the speeding car still on the road with other drivers kept her from releasing. The combination was torture! She couldn't stop the girl without stopping the car... and she couldn't stop the car in the middle of a road that ( even at this hour ) was still busy! So she drove on, her body shaking in her seat, begging the girl to stop.

	"Please... Krys!! We're going to... get killed!" she gasped, on the edge of ecstasy and terror. "I'll stop... touching you... I'll do anything! Just please... stop... fucking me!" Jill pulled her hand from the girl's lap to show she was serious, her wet fingers draped across Krys' waist as she shook in her seat.

	The girl responded by taking Jill's other nipple in her free and twisting it hard as she pinched and pulled it. Jill screamed in pleasure and pain as she pushed down on the accelerator, the car rocketing along as she neared her inevitable orgasm. She knew she'd never be able to control the car when it hit... it was going to be another mind-blowing one after holding it off for so long!

	Up ahead, a light in front of them turned red.

	Not knowing what else to do, Jill acted on impulse. She slammed on her breaks. The car came to a skidding halt beside another car, an older woman in a 4-door sedan. Jill begged the girl tormenting her body to stop one more time...

	"Please!! Krys.... there's a... woman... GOD she can... SEE me! Please!" But at the same time, Jill lifted her left leg high and put her foot on the dashboard beside the steering wheel. The woman beside her looked across and saw herm legs spread obscenely wide, sweat soaked hair in tatters down her face, the spike-haired blonde attached to her nipple, fingers buried in her spread pussy pounding away as she gasped for air. Jill looked back, wide eyes, in terror and absolute ecstasy.

	"Krys..." she pleaded... "Don't make me... not now... not with her... watching... Please don't make me cum!!"

	Krystal's only response was to push a third finger into Jill's now spread pussy and press all three hard against her G-spot. The girl rubbed hard up and down on it, as she moved to her other nipple while the car was stopped. Pushing across her pinned Jill into her seat, although she couldn't have moved now if she had wanted to.

	In shame, Jill realized she was going to cum for this woman, and cum HARD! She was terrified and embarrassed and ashamed that this woman should see her like this... but out loud she could only scream "YESSSSS" as Krys pounded all three fingers against her G-spot and drove her to orgasm! Her body completely betrayed her as Krystal pushed her past her breaking point. Jill closed her eyes, and bucked and jumped in her seat, her face twisted in ecstasy, hands banging the dashboard, the horn, the windows... anything close to her. She moaned and screamed again and again "YES, oh my GOD Krystal!! YES!" until she could barely breath.

	Finally the girl slowed down and let Jill's body calm... Her fingers slowed to a stop, and gently pulled out. Her mouth lovingly released Jill's tortured nipple, leaving it sensitive and engorged as Krystal's saliva cooled on it. Her face moved close to Jill, and the older woman smelled honey as she opened her eyes... As Jill opened her mouth to speak, Krystal slipped all three fingers into it. Still soaked from in her own juices, Jill sucked them clean as she looked in Krystal's eyes. She could see neither malice nor ill intent... just mischief and... love?

	Her anger at the girl melted away... and she licked her fingers clean and kissed her gently. "You've got to learn there's a time and a place, dear" she whispered, as she held the younger girl.

	Then she remembered the woman...

	Jill turned and looked over her shoulder... the car with the woman in it was still there. The woman was staring, wide eyed, at the two women across from her. Her face was a mixture of arousal and revulsion, and Jill knew exactly what she must have been feeling. 

Krystal smiled sweetly and waved to her.

The woman gunned her engine and immediately roared off into the night.

Both women laughed joyfully, as they watched her car. Jill realized she didn't know her and in this state, naked and dripping with sweat in a dark car, there was almost no way the woman would ever recognizer her. And the look on her face had been priceless when Krys had actually smiled and waved!

She pushed the girl into her seat and smiled at her. "You're terrible!" she said... "You'll be the death of me!" Krystal just giggled. As Jill started to move out of the intersection, she realized that they were actually sitting across the street from her apartment building. She turned the car and pulled into the underground lot and glided into a spot in the back.

Turning off the lights and engine, she turned to Krystal and asked "How do you propose we get to my apartment now, imp?"

Krys  giggled and reached into the back seat. "I didn't toss out your gym bag..." Jill snatched it before the young blonde could change her mind and pulled her sticky spandex back on. Krystal wiggled into the top piece of her suit, which looked like a one-piece bathing suit with short sleeves and lots of cleavage... except that it was designed to be worn over shorts, and the tiny strip of material that went between her legs and up her ass was barely enough to cover her wet swollen lips. The tight spandex left nothing to the imagination, and Krystal's labia obviously swelled quite a bit when she was aroused, so the wet material pulled tightly between and around them, showing the outline of her pussy clearly. Her creamy bubble-butt was left completely uncovered by the thong back.

Krys jumped out of the car barefoot and headed for the nearest stairway. Jill followed and directed the girl through the building. Getting Krystal to follow her was just too much to ask for.

Thankfully for Jill, because of the hour very few people were awake in her building. They only met two on the way to the apartment, both men she knew in passing only. The stared openly at the women as they passed, Krystal barely dressed and Jill covered in sweat and smelling distinctly of sex. Jill tried to hurry on, Krystal only giggled and danced around the hallways happily. At one point she turned and waved to one of the men they had passed... and Jill not knowing what else to do grabbed the back of her thong and pulled the tiny girl along behind on her tiptoes. When they finally reached her apartment, Jill was sure half the building was awake and had seen them pass through their peepholes, but she didn't care. All she wanted was to get in out of the hallway and get this giggling girl in bed alone!
