



  =====================================================================
       T H E   H O M E R   V A R G A S   S T O R Y   A R C H I V E
  All stories in this archive are the property of the author.  They may
  be downloaded and read by private citizens.   They are not to be used
  by commercial web sites.    Persons using this material on commercial
  sites will be vigorously pursued by the hounds from hell, or my legal
  team, whichever is deemed necessary.  (These stories were written for
  adult entertainment and should not be accessed by children.)
  =====================================================================









			  Scroll down to view text



Archive name: cutter.txt
Authors name: Homer Vargas
Story title : Cutterscreek

------------------------------------------------------
This work is copyrighted to Homer Vargas (c) 1999.
Please do not remove the author information or make
any changes to this story. You may post freely to non-
commercial "free" sites, or in the "free" area of
commercial sites. Thank you for your consideration.
------------------------------------------------------

Cutters Creek 1/?(MF, preg)
By Homer Vargas

Some of yawl may have been followin' the goings on 
over in Fertile Valley.  I hope so.  M' good buddy, 
Jimmy Davis, has been tryin' to keep yawl up to date 
about all those BIG bellies bein' made over there.  
But that's not the only place where strange things are 
happenin'.  I was talkin' to Jimmy the other day, and 
even he had not heard about Cutters Creek, 'bout five 
miles up the mountain from Fertile Valley.  So I 
thought  *I*'d better tell yawl about that.

                     *****

"I say that we've got to do something.  The ignorant 
savages and their unchecked breeding is costing the 
state millions," Cindy had just exclaimed.  "If we 
don't, soon we'll be as bad off as the folks up in 
Fertile Valley."

"You don't know what you're talking about, you silly 
twit," Alexi replied.

The friction that was developing between Cindy and 
Alexi did neither of them any good.  Why couldn't the 
two women see that it was circumstances, not the 
other's fault.  They had a problem and needed to work 
together.  Both women had been under a lot of strain 
recently. 

Cindy Morrow had just taken over as the new head of 
the welfare department when she started to see happen 
here in Cutter's Creek what she had heard about over 
in Fertile valley.  A population explosion!  Not just 
young wives -- thought Cindy guessed there wasn't a 
married woman under forty that wasn't expecting --  
but teenage girls, most of the few single professional 
women in town, and many older women, soon over sixty 
were starting to show big bellies.

Alexi Carpenter had been sent to Cutters Creek by the 
state Health Department to set up a clinic on an 
emergency basis.  She could not understand what was 
happening.  It wasn't just the sudden change in the 
little community's demographics -- that girls who were 
"way" too young and matrons who were "way" too old 
were having babies for the first time or for the first 
time in many years.  The change in the women 
themselves was equally amazing.  Alexi remembered a 
typical case of not long ago.  A young woman had come 
to her with her daughter, begging for contraceptives, 
"the strongest you've got," to protect her from an 
unwanted pregnancy.  Nevertheless, a few weeks later 
when both mother and daughters appeared at Alexi's 
clinic, their bellies already starting to show, they 
were blissfully happy with the babies.  Well, she had 
thought it strange then.

"I don't dispute your arithmetic, Ms Wilson," Alexi 
said, her voice dripping with irony.  "You hand out 
the welfare checks.  They may be breeding like minxes, 
but ignorant they are not.  They were smart enough to 
get to me, or hadn't you noticed," she smirked casting 
her eyes down at the noticeable little bulge in her 
own belly.  "You'll mind your own business, if you 
know what's good for you or you'll wind up looking 
like this," she warned.

"Oh!" said Cindy somewhat embarrassed by Alexi's open 
mention of sex.  For a social worker, Cindy was 
surprisingly uptight.  "I thought that you and your 
fiance just, er, got a little head start on the 
wedding plans during your last visit back to the 
city."

"In his dreams!  Ralph has been wanting to get me 
knocked up for two years so I'd marry him, but I was 
`too smart,'" she laughed ironically at herself.  "I 
was a career girl.  No man was going to get me 
pregnant and turn me into his little housewife!  No, 
the visit was to inform my EX-fiance of my 
`condition.'"

"You don't mean it?  The bastard dumped you just 
because of that?  I'm so sorry," Cindy commiserated.

"Hell no!" Alexi scoffed.  "Oh, Ralph was a little 
upset at first that someone else beat him to the 
punch, but I knew once I got him on his back and his 
prick stuffed up in my hot little box, I could 
reconcile him to my little eight pound mistake.  But 
after that first night, I realized I could never marry 
him.  I fucked him as hard as I could, but nothing 
happened.  I had forgotten what an inadequate prick he 
has, barely seven inches.  And he could only come for 
me three times, four if you count the farewell ride 
the next morning.  After what I had gotten used to 
here, I knew it would be unfair to both of us to go 
on.  He begged and cried, but I told him it was better 
this way.  Otherwise he would end up like those men on 
the Dark Wanderer site, constantly watching his horny 
wife get fucked and bearing children of better endowed 
men."

"'After what you were used to?'  I don't understand."  
Cindy asked, puzzled.  "You mean some man here in 
Cutter's Creek made you pregnant?"

"Did I say it was a man?" Alexi laughed.  "Oh well, I 
guess you should know just what happened to me - to 
know what you're up against."

"I had only been in town a few months when Zeb showed 
up in my clinic on Friday afternoon when my Rosa had 
already gone home to nurse her triplets."

"Zeb?  Zebulin Deeks?" exclaimed Cindy.  "Why we 
suspect him of being responsible for knocking up six 
of the girls in Cutter Creek Jr. High and one of the 
teachers!"

"Probably true," Alexi nodded.  "In fact that was the 
`problem he ostensibly came to discuss with me.  I 
know now that it was all set up, but at the time I 
didn't think anything of it.  Don't interrupt, and let 
me tell you how it happened."

                       *****

"Just what kind of a problem do you mean?" I asked.

"I don't know what's wrong with me, Miz Carpenter.  It 
seems like every time I'm around some purdy girl, I 
gits her preggers.  Sometimes it's just one, but 
usually I puts two or three young'ens in her."

"Well, that's what having unprotected sex will go to a 
girl." I laughed.  "But `every time?'  That is rather 
unusual.  Women can only get pregnant on a few days 
during each month."

"I know that Miz Carpenter.  It's like I can tell when 
they's ready, you know, smell it or somthin'.  I just 
. my gosh. Miz Carpenter, you's got that smell."

I could have been offended, but I knew he wasn't 
talking about body odor.  Apparently the boy could 
detect the subtle pheromones that women emit when they 
are fertile.  I guess I should have been worried that 
he had `sniffed me out.'  For amazingly, he was right; 
I probably *was* ovulating that day.  Since I moved to 
Cutters Creek I had noticed that my contraceptive 
pills did not seem to be working.  I took them on the 
28 day cycle as I had been taught, but after the first 
month here, my periods started to come and go on their 
own quick-time schedule.  I was about two weeks into 
this one.  I am enough of a nurse to recognize the 
change in pussy mucus that signals "egg-on-the-way."  
That morning I had noticed I was stickier than usual 
and, looking at this overgrown boy grinning in front 
of me, I realized I was hornier than usual, as well.

"And what happens when you detect a woman in this 
state," I asked, trying to maintain my professional 
air.

"Well ." he grinned.  Gosh, his bashfulness was making 
me want to give him a big hug!  

"I starts thinkin' about how purdy they'd look with a 
big belly sticking out of their tight pants.  You'd 
shor be purdy that way, Miz Carpenter."

"Well, I do want to have children, someday, Zeb, but 
back to your `problem,'" I said, trying to ignore the 
wetness I felt growing between my legs.  "What happens 
next?"

"Somethin' I cain't help, Miz Carpenter - my old thang 
starts getting big and hard."

I gasped as my gaze fell into his lap.  Clearly 
evident between his legs under his loose shorts was 
the biggest bulge I had ever seen.  I like men with 
big cocks and my boyfriends have never been pikers, 
but this was a phenomenon.  I was transfixed.

"Gosh, Miz Carpenter, you're lookin' at it the same as 
Amy Lou Stricklin did when I pregged her.  Her eyes 
was as big as yours.  And she started pantin' when she 
see'd my thang git big."

"'Do . do you . do anything when this happens?" I 
forced my self to ask, trying to gain control over my 
breathing.

"Not really, I just tells'er how purdy her titties 
are, all hard and round and how cute her nipples are 
poking out through her blouse.  Cuz when they sees my 
thang, their titties get real hard, just like yours 
are, Miz Carpenter.  When I sees a big purdy set `o 
titties round and hard, I jus wants to reach out an' 
give 'em a tweak."

What I feared and what I wanted.  Putting work to his 
words, he stood up and came over up to me.  For a 
minute he just looked down at my boobs that seemed to 
be getting bigger and harder by the second.  Then he 
reached down and unbuttoned my blouse and popped my 
tits out of the bra.  He did more than tweak; he began 
feeling me up like a pro.  "You like this, don't you 
Miz Carpenter.  All the girls do."

"'Zeb, please, stop.  You're making me so wet."

"'Yup, all the girls gets wet between the legs when I 
feel up their titties, but they like it and don't make 
me stop. You don't want me to stop playing with your 
big ole boobies, do you, Miz Carpenter?'  I was afraid 
of what was happening, but I shook my head, no."

"Lemme see just how wet you are Miz Carpenter."  I 
could only moan.  If he was asking permission to run 
his had up my dress, push aside my panties and start 
fingering my pussy, he didn't need it.  The boy had me 
so horny, I would have let him do anything.  

"You're a lot wetter that Amy Lou was, Miz Carpenter 
and she was really leakin'.  You're really messin' up 
your dress.  Is it because you hasn't gotten fucked in 
a while?

I nodded helplessly.

"I'm sorry Miz Carpenter, but when I sees a woman as 
hot as you and needin' a good fuckin' as bad as you, 
I've just got to get out my thang."

I had closed my eyes as he played with my pussy but 
opened them enough to see him drop his shorts and 
display a cock longer and thicker than I have ever 
dreamed of.  "Oh, Zeb!" I exclaimed."

"You're gonna have to take your skirt off for me to 
git this in you, Miz Carpenter,' he said matter-of-
factly  There was no question about what I was going 
to do.  I wanted to `git' his cock in me and I would 
do anything for it.  I shucked my dress in a flash.

"You look real sexy in them panties, but you'd better 
take `em off."

The panties joined my skirt on the floor.

"You got a good place for me to fuck you?" he asked."

"The examination table, Zeb.  You can fuck me on the 
examination table!" I cried and pulled him into the 
next room."

"That's good," he said as he lay me back on the table 
and pulled my knees up to spread my legs.  `Jus' the 
right height,' he observed and eased his cock into me.  
I should tell you that it was too big, that it hurt, 
but that would be a lie.  I was so horny, that monster 
cock slid right in with no trouble at all.  Then he 
took me by the hips and began to fuck the shit out of 
me.

"You're a lot looser that Amy Lou, Miz Carpenter.  I 
guess that's because you's a growed-up woman," he 
remarked after a few minutes of hard pounding.  
"Prob'bly easier to knock you up, too, huh?"

I was just coming down from my second or third orgasm, 
but I heard a request for my professional opinion.  
"Yeah, I'll be a lot easier to get pregnant than a 
little girl,' I confirmed."

"I guess you're happy about that aren't you, Miz 
Carpenter?  You want me to fuck you and come in you 
and to make you pregnant?"

"Oh, yes, Zeb, please!" I heard myself say.

"You want me to put a whole bunch of babyjuice in your 
pussy so you can get a big tummy?"

"'Yes, Zeb, honey! Just fuck me.  I want a baby, I 
want YOUR baby.  Come in me!  Come in MEEEEEEE!"  I 
screamed as I felt about a gallon of hot boyspunk 
flood my fertile pussy and set off the biggest orgasm 
of my life.  I passed out."

"Ohmygod!  That's terrible.  Almost rape," Trudy 
exclaimed sympathetically, but perhaps a little turned 
on, too, and happy it hadn't been she.  "Poor thing, 
getting pregnant from one quick fuck.  How unlucky."

"There was noting quick about it and who said anything 
about just one?" Alexi sniffed.  "When I came to Zeb 
was fumbling to get some pillows under my ass.

"Mamma says I should get a girl's ass up in the air to 
help the baby juice stay in her pussy where it will do 
the most good."  I lifted my butt cooperatively.  Who 
was I to make a boy to disobey his mamma?  "She says 
that getting a girl off a few time after she's been 
fucked helps, too.  It's going to be a little while 
before I can fuck you again, but I can eat you, if 
you'd like.  Mamma has teached me good, cuz now that 
she's so big, I can hardly get it in her deep enough 
to `make her happy.'"

The boy might be uneducated, but he was surely polite 
and well bred.  He looked at me funny when I giggled, 
reflecting that it was I who was being well bred.  I 
didn't explain.  Time he found out that women are 
mysterious creatures.  Fortunately he took my giggles 
as consent and promptly stuffed his face in my muff.

Oh mamma!  Or somebody had taught the boy how to eat a 
pussy.  He immediately fell into a delightful rhythm 
of long slow licks of my sensitive labia punctuated by 
unpredictable little attacks on my clit.  The urge to 
come was almost overpowering, but he wouldn't quite 
push me over the edge.  "Zeb, baby, please!  Make me 
come, honey.  Let me come."  I felt rather than saw 
him grin before he finally latched onto my clit and 
draw it between his lips to flick it with his tongue!  
All the fireworks of the Fourth of July exploded in my 
pussy and the shockwave rolled up my spine and out to 
the tips of my fingers.  When it reached my eyelids, I 
went out like a light."

I was awakened by Zeb sliding his re-engorged cock 
into my cunt again, but I didn't retain consciousness 
too long.  "Mamma says its best to put in two good 
loads at the first, OK?'  I gave him a silly little 
grin.  I was going to have to meet this mamma some 
time, I reflected just as Zeb put a stop to all higher 
brain functions by filling me with enough sperm to 
float a small freighter.

"I'm kind of hungry, Miz Carpenter.  You got any food 
back at your trailer?" was the next thing I heard when 
I woke up.

"My `trailer!"  Isn't that precious?  It was dark, so 
no one saw a partly dressed and obviously just-fucked 
State Health Department nurse of 35 leading a grinning 
boy of twelve from the clinic.  I pushed him into the 
driver's side of my car.  In my condition, I'd smile 
at a tree and expect it to move out of the way.  I 
knew letting a twelve year old drive was illegal, but 
so too, was letting a twelve year old fuck your brains 
out.

I got him back to the efficiency I rent in those new 
apartments on the edge of town ASAP.  I was hot to get 
this little fucker's donkey dick in me again, but I 
wasn't keen on everybody knowing it.  Not being a 
domestic type, there wasn't much in the apartment to 
refuel him with.  "High energy, High protein" claimed 
the label of my breakfast drink.  That should do the 
trick.

Zeb had just given me two, thousand-calorie fucks I 
reckoned and he needed the energy.  And he had also 
lost quite a bit of protein, a lot of which was even 
then soaking into the upholstery of my car where it 
had leaked out of me on the ride over.  (I never have 
been able to get that stain out, Dammit!)  And I could 
use the energy too.  I've never seen it on an exercise 
chart, but I figure that with the spasming of my 
pussy, the bucking of my hips, the flailing of my 
arms, and the tossing of my head from side to side, an 
orgasm must be worth at least three flights of stairs.  
If so, I had been on a Stairmaster for three hours.

We chug-a-lugged two cans each and I led Zeb by the 
hand to my bed to teach the boy some of the fine 
points of foreplay.  He didn't disappoint.  If I had a 
complaint, it was that he revived too soon and had me 
roaring to go before I got properly eaten again.  I 
don't guess you need more play by play action.  Zeb 
kept me on my back and full of his fuck all weekend.  
I hated for Monday morning to come around, but he 
promised to be at the clinic that afternoon so he 
could "make me happy" again that night. 

He kept him promise and came again on Tuesday night, 
too, but not after that.  I guess he figured I was 
either knocked up or I couldn't be for another month.  
I was disappointed, but I understood.  He had a number 
of women to service and I couldn't expect him to spend 
all his time with me.  As it turned out, he didn't 
need to return.  Three weeks later I bought a home 
pregnancy test kit and got the news.  Alexi Carpenter, 
professional nurse, had been seduced and knocked up 
during that wild weekend fling a boy more than twenty 
years younger than I.

"I can't believe you let him do that," said Cindy with 
a snort.

"I was in some kind of rut.  I knew he was going to 
make me pregnant and I wanted him to.  So you know why 
I say keep away from them, or your little smarty pants 
may be getting at tight as mine are" Alexi retorted.

"If you hadn't already been such a cockhound, maybe it 
wouldn't have happened.  I'd never let a twelve year 
old BOY fuck me!"

"I'll bet you've never gotten laid at all.  You'll 
sing a different tune if you even get that precious 
little pussy of yours filled with a twelve inch dick!"

"Never!" Cindy replied with a smirk.

End?

Brave words!  But will Cindy find out the hard way <g> 
how all the women in Cutter's Creek are getting 
pregnant?
                    - - - - -
My stories are now found on
http://www.storiesonline.net (Thanks Lazeez) and on
http://www.asstr.org/~Vargas/ (Thanks, Kristen)
