Peter spent the next day doodling, not really taking in the lectures.

Deryn Corph Corpse Bird
Cwn Annwn   Black Dogs
Ci Annwn    Black Dog
Cwn Annwn   Underworld Hounds
Ci Annwn    Underworld Hound
Deryn Corph       ?

and variations on that list continued to fill his notepaper. This whole situation was uncomfortable; it was one without a simple resolution. It looked like Chris' supernatural roots were the same as the breeds, and if that were the case, his duty forbade any interference. On the other hand... duty had been drilled into the breed until it overrode instinct. This much his father had told him. Quite what that instinct had been was never made clear, though the word 'underworld' alone strongly suggested what it had involved.

Ci Annwn    Underworld Hound
Deryn Corph Death Hawk
            Corpse Eagle
            Underworld Hawk
            Harpy (?female only, weren't they? -> check)
            WHAT THE HELL IS THE SODDING THING?????
***
Alex turned out to be right. Kirk walked into the Wellspring club premises three days later, out of some misguided sense of honour between enemies. He looked decidedly unhappy to be there, but continued nonetheless.
The receptionist's hand hovered near the alarm buzzer, then slid across and tripped another buzzer. A few moments later the door behind her opened and Alex emerged.
"Mr Kirk, I'm honoured," he said, smiling warmly. "What brings you here?"
"A challenge," Kirk replied, not daring to meet Alex's eyes. He was looking studiously at the floor. Alex felt scorn mingle with a smug satisfaction. But none of that entered his reply.
"Really? Why challenge us?"
"Because it's obvious we can't beat you alone. But you need to be beaten. And I think I've found a solution."
"You really do seem to be in the horns of a dilemma," Alex said, amused. "If I just tell you it won't work, will that help?"
"No," Kirk said. "Because I can't afford to believe you."
"Oh," Alex said, feigning surprise in his usual expert manner. "Oh well, your loss. I take it this is a challenge to some sort of showdown, in the vulgar fashion?"
***
Philip sat in his office watching the conversation on CCTV and listening to it by virtue of the receptionist's phone, set on hands free and dialled into his office. His shoulders were shaking with amusement. 'In the vulgar fashion'... dear God, if Kirk didn't click that Alex was pissing him about...
***
"J-just be there," Kirk said, anger clashing with the nerves that had finally broken through. "Tomorrow. Six o'clock. Bring your... your..."
"My breed," Alex filled in smoothly. "But of a certain, my good man."
***
Taking a drink of the Bane, Philip heard this last and snorted the contents all over the room.
***
Kirk almost sprinted out of the door, visibly shaking. Alex waited until he was gone, smiled like a cat with cream, and turned back toward the club proper, nodding genially at the receptionist on the way.
***
"You heard?"
"I heard. What do you think he's playing at?"
"Insufficient data, so far, anyway. What exactly is there at Llyn Llechwen?"
"How should I know? It's a lake, but beyond that I haven't a clue. The Smythes haven't paid any attention to Wales for at least six hundred years."
"Nor have we. Too damn superstitious."
"Right. It's their constant talk of sighting Arawn that kept us..."
"Quite. I'll ask Stuart, I think. If anyone knows, it'll be him."
"I don't think this has to do with the standard military."
"You're probably right, but it's the only thing I can come up with right now. We can widen the search if he confirms there's nothing there. In any case, I'm not going there unprepared."
"You know, it's just occured to me that the lecture rooms in Cambridge and Oxford are going to look a little empty tomorrow if we call in everyone."
"We'll have to bring at least a token gathering of the young ones," Alex replied. "He knows some of them to be involved."
"All of them," Philip said. "The senior group will all be involved; there is no way they could be prevented from fulfilling their duty. Should we face defeat - we do have to consider these possibilities - a body count or a visual record of proceedings would alert Kirk to the remaining offspring."
"True," Alex said thoughtfully. "And if he's got enough influence it might be televised and transmitted to a news agency. That would collapse the entire facade we've built so carefully over the last eight hundred years."
"I don't think he's got that kind of influence though... You know, it's just occured to me that we can check, and find out what this setup at Llechwen is at the same time very easily."
"Oh, yes?"
"Yes. Someone here influenced one of Kirk's followers."
Alex caught on, and as he chided himself for not having clicked earlier he allowed a vicious grin to spread across his face. "There's always a backup bonus, isn't there? I'll call Erin at once."
***
There are a lot of legends told about an ancient Briton war leader, or king, whose name was remarkably similar to Arthur. A lot of them, adjusting for anachronisms, are true, including the legend that he and his knights will rise again when Britain is truly threatened.
The slight snag is that no one can agree on where the places Arthur inhabited actually were.
But there are other ancient heroes throughout Europe who share many of the same legends. One such band of warriors who will rise again were led by Owen, or possibly Owain, Lawgoch, known as the Red-Handed Owen. His resting place is said to be a cave on the side of the hill known as Mynydd Mawr, in Carmarthenshire. At the summit of this hill there is a lake. Llyn Llechwen, or 'lake of the Red-Handed Owen'.
Legends say he will rise again in response to a trumpet call and clash of arms nearby. Legends Kirk had gone to a hell of a lot of trouble to verify; apparently he had been woken once before but he and his band of men returned to their slumbers when they had determined the clash to be a reenactment of Owen's own final defeat and retreat to the cave. At the beginning of his career, Kirk had worked hard to cover that up, but he had been a little hazy on the details.
He intended to rouse these ancient warriors against the breed.
This much was included in Erin's half-entranced summary of what Kirk had told her.
***
"Erin, I want you to kill Amos Kirk. As soon as you can get to him. Kill this Ethel woman, too."
"Yes, master," Erin replied. Not being in earshot of her colleagues, she had been able to be utterly frank on the phone. She removed the phone earpiece from her ear and tucked it away, switching the mobile off, and pulled her Swiss Army knife from her pocket. She opened the main blade and ran a finger along it to check it was still sharp.
She would have to hit them in precisely the right place, but if she could do so she would have carried out Alex's wishes. And all that would be left before she could accept his job offer and become one of his servants would be the elimination of the remaining members of the Bureau. He had promised her an ex-policewoman as a useful if mindless aide in doing that, too. She would enjoy it.
***
"Isn't that rather dishonourable?" Philip asked, mildly.
Alex took a sip of the Bane. "Yes," he said. "Of course, some would say that using our fellow supernaturals against us is dishonourable. I would be among them."
"True. One must only use forces previously declared. But I fail to see how Erin falls into this category."
"Our... influence... was what we used to declare combat. Honour and style are satisfied, and we will have victory. What more could we ask for?"
The two Cwn Annwn smiled.
"Nevertheless, we at least should keep the appointment at Llyn Llechwen. Someone else may have been appointed by Kirk to unleash Owen, and I doubt Erin and Jane would be able to trace them all in time."
Philip's face fell.
"You're right, of course. But I regret it."
"I should alert the Deryn Corph. Strictly speaking, this constitutes a Hunt. And if they choose to enter into it, they have as much right to join a Hunt as we do."
***
Three people turned up.
Three! Williams was not impressed. Two Mercedes made the trip from nearby Llandelio to the lake, accompanied by what looked like a classic Triumph motorcycle. And both of the cars only had one occupant. It looked a lot like Kirk had overestimated the threat. And then his phone played the opening bars of Beethoven's Fifth in it's tinny little voice. He swore under his breath, set the trumpet down, and pressed the receive button.
"Yup?"
Erin was sobbing into the phone. He couldn't believe it. If anyone could keep their head together in the middle of an alien invasion running concurrently with all-out nuclear war, it was Cokey. And Ethel.
But Ethel was dead. Cokey was most insistent about that. Ethel and Kirk were dead.
Williams' face lost it's expression as the consequences began to sink in. Someone had not quite reacted in the way Kirk had said they would, and Kirk had said he was fucking certain they'd do what he expected. Said their prior behaviour confirmed it no matter what. He continued to watch the three people moving. They'd opened the boot of one of the Mercs. He watched as the unmistakable silhouette of a shotgun emerged from the boot. Must pose as hunters or farmers or something, he thought.
The man with the shotgun handed it to the one who'd driven the other Merc. Something else passed between him and the biker. Then something even more worrying came out of the trunk.
Fucking sniper rifle.
He got a sight of the object the biker was carrying when the biker took it out of it's holster to look it over. A revolver.
A revolver? How did they explain that one away?
When the biker produced the other handgun, the automatic, Williams felt the dam burst. He pissed himself.
The phone slipped out of his hands with the shock, and he didn't pick it up. He stared at the two men now making their way purposefully up the hill while their friend with the sniper rifle pulled one of those walking sticks with fold-open seats and a spike to keep them steady out of the boot and made himself comfortable, rifle ready for use, scanning the upper slopes of the hill.
He thanked God he wasn't immediately visible. It'd delay death. Maybe by as much as half an hour.
Oh, shit, they were heading straight for him. Like they could smell his panic, his piss soaking through his trousers. A shotgun, an automatic pistol, and what was beginning to look more and more like a Great War service revolver the closer it got.
He was going to be killed, and quite possibly by an eighty-six-year-old illegal family heirloom.
***
Debbie grinned as she watched the guy slip slowly under the influence of these eye pulses. It was as enjoyable as she'd expected, and Peter understood. He'd made that pretty clear. He'd also asked her to continue the Whyte family line with him. Not the most romantic of come-ons, but she still hadn't quite got the hang of resisting his charisma. After university, they might well settle down together.
***
Erin heard the clatter as Williams' phone slipped to the rocky ground and giggled, now that he couldn't hear her. She hadn't been told to do this, but when she found out who was in charge of the signal for Owen she decided to make sure he didn't call any more backup by tying up his phone line. She even had a legitimate reason for doing so; and the act she'd put up wasn't too bad, she told herself contentedly. She went back to bawling in panic.
Alex would... a shiver ran through her... thank her for this. Her master would thank her.
She lived for that. And Steven Williams, like Amos and Ethel next to her, had to die for that.
THE END
Comments? Wanna tell me how badly I screwed the ending up? Feel free. I don't bite.