Domo arigato, Mr. Hard Cock-o!

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

I Dream of Demie 32 - Tom-kun (MF, cons, magic, oral)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

"What the fuck are you talking about?" Shepherd angrily demanded. "What do you mean, my son was the price for...a prophecy? Do you think I'm stupid?"

Demie looked at her. "No, just uninformed. You can believe it or not, but given that you came alone and without a SWAT team, I expect that your co-workers didn't believe either?"

Shepherd continued to look frustrated. "Nobody remembered that I had even been pregnant! All records of Seth were erased. That's absolutely impossible, and yet it happened. It's almost like..."

"Magic?"

We all looked at Kate, who had spoken. She continued, "Not impossible, but a really difficult spell. Those with strong ties to the child like you will remember him, which is why Cassandra wanted you dead, but brief, incidental connections or hearsay would just be hidden away in people's minds, unreachable. Computer records are another thing, but it's not unheard of for magic users to hire a hacker to get full erasure."

"Oh, come on!" Shepherd yelled as she stood up, wincing and holding her side where her patched knife wound was. "Magic? Ridiculous."

"How do you explain your bullets turning to air, then?" That was Other Tom.

"I...must have forgotten to load the gun."

Now I spoke up. "Magic aside, why was Cassandra interested in your son? Well, my son too."

"MY son," she retorted. "You were a sperm donor, however that happened. And I don't know. That Cassandra woman said that Seth was special somehow." She paused. "And while we're on the subject, how did you manage to get me pregnant?"

Demie stood up and looked down at the blonde detective. "That was me, Dianna. When Tom came, I redirected his sperm all the way inside you."

"But...he came inside you..."

"Mm hmm..." Demie extended her tongue...and kept extending it. When it reached seven inches and the end opened up like a tube, Shepherd scrambled backwards.

"Wha--what the fuck are you?!"

In Arnold Schwartzenegger's voice, Demie responded, "Da Sperminator."

Other Tom laughed. I didn't.

Shepherd saw her pistol, still on the kitchen table, and rushed for it. Nobody tried to stop her, since it was empty. Nevertheless, she held it out toward Demie as if it would offer her some kind of protection. "You are going to help me find Seth!"

"Nope," the demon responded.

We all looked at Demie. She looked back at us.

"A deal's a deal," the demon explained, and then turned back to Dianna. "I didn't know your kid would be the price, but I agreed and I got my prophecy. It's done."

"Tom?" Shepherd looked from me to Other Tom and back, not knowing which of us was the one she knew. I raised my hand.

"I'd like to help, Dianna, but I don't know how without Demie, or Kate's magic."

She was starting to look desperate. "But she transformed my bullets into air? Isn't that magic?"

Kate and I looked at each other. "We're not sure how she did that," I replied. "Based on what we know, she shouldn't be able to cast any spells after losing her virginity."

"How many women are you fucking, Tom!?" Shepherd was starting to lose it...her eyes were wide, the whites showing.

Let's see...Demie, Kate, Vicky in 504...actually, did Kate count, since we hadn't had intercourse yet?

"That was rhetorical," Kate said, putting her hand on my shoulder.

Oh, right. "Demie, can we reach out to Konnie?" I asked. The Pukwudgie network had found Demie's brother Eros for us.

"She and I are even now. She also said that she was moving on with her tribe, so I wouldn't even know how to reach her now." The demon went to the front door and opened it. "You need to leave, Shepherd."

"But...but..."

"Now."

Dianna gave each of us a pointed look, and then strode out.

---

A week had passed since Dianna had left, and things had calmed down. Other Tom and I were getting along again after buying some new clothes and separating our wardrobe into half a closet each. Demie didn't need clothes so we had room. He had even agreed to try to find a job and a separate life himself, so we weren't both hanging around the apartment all the time.

I had asked my roommates how limited Other Tom's lifespan was as a changeling, but none of them knew, not even Other Tom himself. The magic that made him was supposed to be temporary, but nobody had tracked a changeling replacement from start to finish due to its secretive nature. He could die later today, or in a few weeks, or maybe even years from now.

There was a knock at the door. I tensed up...since we were in a secure apartment building, that either meant a neighbor or something bad. I looked through the peephole in the door.

I blinked and looked again. Yep, it was the same. I opened the door.

"Tom-kun! It was been sooo long!"

Standing before me was an anime character, but real flesh and blood! She was Japanese with incredibly smooth skin, probably eighteen, but with huge eyes, a tiny nose, and red hair held back with a black headband. She wore a sailor-type blouse, black with red accents, and under a short frilly red skirt were black thigh-high tights. Completing the outfit were red pumps on her dainty feet. Her body was slim, but with large boobs pressing out the front of the schoolgirl-like uniform. This impossibly-shaped woman was a knockout!

"Uh...um..." I stammered.

She leapt onto me, her head on my shoulder and her legs wrapping around my waist, and I reflexively moved my hands around and down to keep her from falling. She was quite light, which made sense given how slim she was. Then I realized that my hands were on her round butt cheeks.

She moved her head back from my shoulder, her face flushed, her eyes half-lidded. "Oh, Tom-kun..." Her eyes were shiny and reflective like an anime girl, but the pupils were red.

Red eyes, red hair, black nylons, and red pumps. "Eudora?"

She moved a finger to my lips. "I knew you'd know me, Tom-kun. Take me into the bedroom and fuck me..."

I had never asked Demie to shape herself like a cartoon or anime character before because I was afraid that the real thing would be disappointing, but this was really working for me. I kicked the front door closed and brought Demie's mother, still wrapped around me, into the bedroom.

We fell onto the bed and I ground my crotch against hers. "Ooh, yes..." she moaned in her new sing-song anime voice. I pushed up onto my hands and knees and watched as most of her clothes faded away, leaving her in just her tights. Damn, this demon knew what I liked! I unfastened my pants and pulled them down, freeing my hard cock.

She took it in hand and directed it toward her bare pussy. "Oh, I have missed this, Tom-kun..."

We'd discuss the "Tom-kun" thing soon enough. I thrust hard, slipping inside her scorching hot depths with ease, and yet somehow she was incredibly tight as well.

"Yesss..." she moaned, and she sounded more like the demon I remembered. I began to thrust as I reached forward to paw at her incredible animated boobs. There wasn't a flaw anywhere! No moles or scars...it was actually a little disconcerting, but I continued to thrust.

"Uhh...UHH!" she cried out in orgasm, her back arching, and I felt her insides grip me. I wasn't going to just let it end there, though. I gave her measured strokes, keeping myself from getting too close to cumming yet.

She grabbed me and rolled, and then she was riding me. "I need your cum, Tom-kun...give it to meeee..." And then she was cumming again herself. "Ohh...ohhhh..."

As I felt her pussy squeeze me again I couldn't keep holding out. "Unhh! Uhh!" I cried out as I filled her with my sperm, extending her own orgasm. Her eyes opened wide as her whole body stiffened and then she fell forward...

Her mouth was coming right for mine! I moved my head to the side quickly and her face hit the pillow instead. She was breathing heavily in my ear. "Sorry...so good..."

I stayed inside her as she recovered from her orgasm. Soon she was kissing my neck and rolling her hips, and my erection went from half chub back to full again in no time. "Moto...onegaishimasu..." she implored me. 'More please,' I guessed from my limited exposure to anime.

After she rode me again for a few minutes, we switched to doggy style and I was amazed at how perfect her anime ass was. Her anus wasn't even brown; just a sphincter with the same skin tone that covered the rest of her body.

I reached around and felt her tits as I thrust into her. They were surprisingly light, which explained why they showed no sag or stretch marks like a real body would, due to physics. Incredible! I tweaked her nipples and felt her pussy twitch as she gasped. Well, since she was so light, I reached under her arms and pulled her up so that her back was against my chest as I thrust up into her.

"Tom-kun...Tom-kun...yesss...give me your seed..."

I did just that, crying out in pleasure as my second orgasm washed over me and I spurted inside the anime succubus once again.

After two rounds with a life-draining demon, though, my energy level was really low. I collapsed to the bed and felt Eudora clean my cock with her mouth before I lost consciousness. As I faded I heard her say, "Domo arigato, Tom-kun! Your penis has saved lives today..." I felt pretty good about that.

When I woke up again, she was gone. Fuck! I wanted to ask how she had gotten back from Hell! Not to mention where the whole anime thing came from.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)