Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Battered Lamp Chapter Thirty: The Betrayal of the Father
Summary: Kyle and his women lounged in the palace of Aaliyah's family unaware that the Unbound have infiltrate it.
Keywords: mFFff fff magic lac oral exhib voy
Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Notes: Thanks to b0b for beta reading this.

Cast of Characters

Main Characters

Kyle Unmei Jr.: Half-Japanese/Half-Kurdish owner of Aaliyah and wielder of Earthbones. Poisoned by Burke as they fought.

Aaliyah Unmei: A Jann sent to marry the prophesied savior of the Djinn. Kyle's First Wife. Reunited with Kyle.

Fatima Unmei : Kyle's younger sister and wife, wielder of Fireheart.

Christy Unmei nee Leonardson: Kyle's long-time girlfriend turned third wife. A witch who follows Ishtar and wields Shadowedge.

Fumi Unmei nee Nakamura: Kyle's fourth wife. A succubus-like Yuki-onna and wielder of Windfeather. She is blind.

Britney Kingston: Kyle's best friend since elementary school. She is a Rakshasa and has sworn to defend Kyle. She is a hermaphrodite and has claimed Phillipa as her mate. Wielder of Waterclaw.

Enemies

Sultan Rashid ibn al-Marid: The despotic ruler of the Djinn and leader of the Marid clan. Wants Aaliyah dead to thwart the prophecy.

Hecate: The Dark Goddess that both Ms. Franklin and Burke served. Sent a familiar to seize Faiza's soul when she died. Hecate has possessed Faiza.

Faiza Unmei: Kyle and Fatima's widowed mother. Killed by Burke. Her soul was stolen by a familiar of Hecate. Resurrected by Hecate as an instrument of the Dark Goddess's vengeance against Kyle. Hecate has possessed Faiza.

Makerah: An Unbound Marid, a Djinn that has violated the Laws of his people and escaped punishment through a dark ritual. A servant of Sultan Rashid and his son. Ordered to hunt down Aaliyah and Zaritha and kill them.

Aljihm: An Unbound Ifrit and servant of Sultan Rashid. Ordered to hunt down Aaliyah and Zaritha and kill them. Allied with Khiana. Together, they have infiltrated Khoshilat Maqandeli to kill Kyle and Aaliyah.

Aalizunah: An Unbound Si'lat and servant of Sultan Rashid. Ordered to hunt down Aaliyah and Zaritha and kill them. Slain by Britney.

Jowdah: An Unbound Ghul and servant of Sultan Rashid. Killed by Zaritha.

Khiana: An Unbound Jann. Once a bitter rival to Sultan Rashid but now a servant of the Sultan. Ordered to hunt down Aaliyah and Zaritha and kill them. Revealed to be Aaliyah's father. He has killed his son, Sihab to regain control of the Jann and attack the unsuspecting Kyle.

Ms. Franklin: The deceased servant of Burke and leader of the coven. Also known as Celestite.

Principal Burke: The identity assumed by Alphonse of Toulouse, a nine-hundred-year-old knight. A warlock serving Hecate. Killed by Kyle.

Concubines

Chyna Unmei nee Coel: Kyle's first concubine. Ms. Franklin cast a spell on Kyle and Chyna, forcing them into a slave/master relationship.

Shannon Unmei nee Coel: Chyna's hot mom and Kyle's second concubine.

Alexina Unmei nee Kendrick: Blonde concubine.

Carla Unmei nee Tyler: Redhead concubine.

Antoinette Toni Unmei nee Buckley: Cheerleader concubine.

Daniella Ms. Capello Unmei nee Capello: Kyle's English teacher and concubine.

Lois Unmei nee Smilingfox: A lesbian Domme that serves Kyle as a concubine.

Ann Unmei nee Weaver: Fatima's friend and strawberry-blonde hair.

Kayleah Unmei nee Peterson: Fatima's bleached blonde concubine and former rival.

Teleisia Unmei nee Otis: Aaliyah's African American concubine.

Phillipa Kingston nee Stoddard: Former member of Ms. Franklin's coven where she was known as Jade. Captured by Britney, Phillipa submitted to Britney and became her mate, discovering that she is a masochist.

Mindy Unmei nee Stoneking: A nurse at the hospital where Fatima is sick and Kyle's newest concubine.

Sable Unmei nee Purcell: Also known as Tourmaline, she was a member of Ms. Franklin's witch coven. While fighting with Christy, she was hit by a Love Elemental's attack and now completely loves Christy.

Zaritha Unmei: An Ifrit serving the despotic ruler of the Djinn and sent to kill Aaliyah. After saving Aaliyah, she now serves Kyle as a faithful concubine.

Other Characters

Shiekh Umar ibn al-Jann: Aaliyah's father. Believed dead, but really he became the Unbound Jann Kihana. Murder his son and heir to trap Kyle and kill his daughter Aaliyah.

Ishtar: The Goddess of Magic Christy, Sable, and Phillipa now serve.

Sarai: The daughter of Rashid. She is angry at her father and helps Kyle, pledging the Marid's support to his rule if he overthrows Rashid.

Friday, January 29th  Khoshilat Maqandeli, the Hidden Realm

You have to work those hips more, Aaliyah said. Like this.

Kyle lounged on the soft bed in the spacious quarters Sihab, Aaliyah's brother and the ruler of the Jann, had provided last night. Gauzy, yellow curtains hung from between the arches that separated the rooms from the lush gardens of the harem. Ms. Capello and Shannon were pressed on either side of him, their heavy, milk-laden breasts in easy reach of Kyle's mouth. The other concubines lounged about, giggling and laughing, watching as Aaliyah taught Fatima and Christy how to belly dance.

All three women wore silk pantaloonsyellow for Aaliyah, red for Fatima, and black for Christy. The flesh of their thighs bled through the fabric whenever the loose clothing touched their skin. All three were topless, Christy's amber pendant flashing between her pale tits, and they had colorful shawls draped over their hair and silk veils across their faces, leaving their flashing eyes exposed.

Kyle's cock stirred as Aaliyah's hips swayed, her pantaloons barely hanging on to the curves of her hips. Her breasts swayed and jiggled as her hips popped side-to-side. Fatima tried to copy her, but she had a slimmer body and her hips didn't seem to cooperate.

That's good, Christy, Aaliyah praised as Christy's hips came close to matching the fluid grace of Aaliyah's movements. Christy's round breasts, topped with pink nipples, bounced about.

Very good, Kyle leered, his cock throbbing hard.

Not fair, groused Fatima. They have hips. I'm as flat as a boy!

You're beautiful, Kayleah, Fatima's bleached blonde concubine, praised.

Ugh, this isn't for me. Fatima glanced at the garden, then shot Kyle a look. You're not even watching me, big bro.

Sorry, Kyle said, pulling his eyes from Christy's hips. It's so interesting to watch them.

Christy shuffled forward, hers hips undulating as she neared the bed. Kyle's eyes drifted back to her, mesmerized by her beauty. Aaliyah stood beside her, the dusky beauty even more graceful. His cock throbbed hard, rising fully erect.

Someone's excited, purred Fumi. I can smell it. Fumi lounged on a tasseled pillow in green silks, Toni and Alexina cuddled up to her. She had declined the invitation to learn to belly dance.

I'm going outside. I can't compete with them, moaned Fatima. Besides, the sun looks refreshing.

Didn't you get enough sun yesterday? Fumi groaned.

Nope! And I'm tired of waiting on the Jann, Kyle's sister complained. We've been up for an hour. Shouldn't they have summoned us?

Kyle groaned as Shannon's hand found his cock, her wet nipple brushing his cheek. He turned his head, his eyes still focused on his dancing wives, and sucked warm milk from her heavy breast into his lips. He loved this addition Christy gave Shannon and Ms. Capello when she enhanced all the concubines. The MILF's milk was sweet, with a faint, melon flavor, and he loved the way it coated his throat when swallowed.

Ann, Kayleah, let's enjoy the outdoors.

Yes, Mistress, Ann said, rising up with Kayleah. They, like the other concubines, were swaddled in purple silk vests and pantaloons.

I'll come along, Fumi said, standing up. I can feel a nice breeze coming from out there.

Have fun, Kyle called out. Fumi, accompanied by Toni and Alexina, joined Aaliyah and her concubines, slipping through the curtains to enjoy the vast gardens.

Do you want to join them, Aaliyah? purred Christy, Aaliyah's dusky hands roaming across Christy's pale flesh.

I think I'd rather play with you and our husband.

Good, Christy moaned, her hips swaying faster as Aaliyah pressed into her back. Dusky hands groped Christy's pale breasts, sliding up to pinch her hard nipples, rolling them between dusky fingers. Kyle's cock throbbed.

He's excited, Ms. Capello purred.

I can see that, Christy sighed. Aaliyah's hands drifted down Christy's pale stomach, pushing her black pantaloons off her hips, the silk falling down to the floor. Christy gasped as Aaliyah's fingers pressed into the trimmed, brown curls covering her pussy.

Christy's very excited, my love, Aaliyah laughed, thrusting a pair of fingers into Christy's depths.

So excited, moaned the witch. Her hips found that graceful sway Aaliyah's possessed as the Genie fingered her pussy. Oh, yes, Aaliyah!

Shannon and Ms. Capello's hands stroked Kyle's cock, sliding up his shaft, teasing him with their fingers. Both concubines pressed their wet pussies into his hips, humping him, sighing in pleasure. Milk leaked from their nipples and Kyle sucked from both, savoring the slightly different flavors.

Keep stirring me up, Christy moaned. Oh, Aaliyah! Your touch is wonderful.

Our husband is watching, Aaliyah moaned, her lips pressing into Christy's ear. Cum for him. Show him how beautiful you are.

Oh, yes! she groaned. I'm so beautiful. Make me cum!

Christy bucked in Aaliyah's arms, her pale breasts jiggling. The shawl and veil slipped from her head as she thrashed. Bliss burned in her expression. Her body flushed as she cried out her orgasm. Kyle groaned, loving the sight of her.

Now please our husband, Aaliyah told her, pulling her fingers out.

Christy stumbled forward, falling onto her knees on the bed. Her curly, brown hair spilled around her breasts as she crawled forward to Kyle, a hungry gleam in her hazel eyes. Her hard nipples brushed his chest, her hair caressed him like silk, and then her lips were on his. He moaned into her kiss, sharing Shannon and Ms. Capello's milk with her.

Delicious, she purred, leaning back and rising up on her legs. The concubines guided Kyle's cock to the folds of her pussy, finding her hot hole. She sank down on him, her hot flesh engulfing him. Kyle groaned, her hips twisting, performing her belly dance again, stirring pleasure through him.

Fuck, Christy.

Do you like my hot, tight pussy on your dick, she groaned, rising up ever so slow, her hips swirling about. And then she lowered herself down his shaft.

Kyle shuddered as her flesh slowly engulfed him again. Yes! Always.

The concubines humped against him faster, gasping and groaning, their pussies growing hotter on his hips as Christy rode him. Her breasts jiggled and bounced, perky with her youth. She sighed every time she bottomed out on him, grinding her little clit into her dark pubic hair.

She is gorgeous, Aaliyah purred, pressing up behind Christy, wrapping her dusky arms around the pale woman. 

She's perfect, Kyle groaned. All of you are.

Thank you, Christy purred.

That's sweet, Master, moaned Shannon in his ear.

She is an angel, sighed Ms. Capello.

Aaliyah licked and sucked at Christy's neck as the witch rode Kyle. He loved the sight of those dusky hands roaming across her body. Kyle groaned, the pleasure growing at the tip of his cock, his hips thrusting up, harder into her wonderful sheathe.

That's it! Ride me harder, Christy! Give it to me!

Christy moaned, her hips moving faster. She licked her lips, shuddering as Aaliyah's fingers pinched and rolled her nipples. Her pussy tightened on Kyle's cock, squeezing him when she rose up, trying to draw his cum out.

Fuck, Christy! You're amazing.

So are you! Cum in me! Give me your seed! Her eyes looked down at him. I haven't taken my birth control in a week. Make a baby in me!

Kyle groaned, picturing her stomach round and pregnant. His cock twitched and his pleasure exploded out of him. He groaned, pressing back into the pillows, pulling both concubines tight against him as he sent pulse after pulse of his fecund cum into her pussy.

Kyle! That's it! Knock me up! Christy shuddered. Her pussy convulsed about his cock. She arched back into Aaliyah's embrace as she came.

So beautiful, moaned the Genie. Accept our husband's seed.

I am! she moaned.

Knock her up, Master! gasped Shannon. Put a baby in all our bellies! Her pussy ground hard into his groin, and she shuddered and gasped as she came.

Christy collapsed onto Kyle's chest, her small breasts brushing him. He kissed her, pulling his arms from his concubines to hold his wife. Shannon sprawled out next to him, panting hard while Aaliyah and Ms. Capello writhed together, tribbing their pussies, both women eager to cum as well.

That was a beautiful dance, Kyle whispered in Christy's ear. Thanks for sharing it.

You forgave me, she whispered back. I'll do anything for you. I love you, Kyle.

He stroked up her back and she shivered. I've loved you since the day I laid eyes on you.

Aaliyah cried out her climax next to them, and Ms. Capello moaned like a banshee, shaking the bed as she thrashed in bliss. Christy giggled, watching the women cum. Kyle closed his eyes, enjoying the blissful afterglow, and held onto his wife.

Are they ever going to come and summon us for the war council? Britney asked, stepping in from a side room.

Why don't you go and find out what is taking so long, Kyle groaned. Sihab did say he wanted an early meeting.

My brother was quite slothful, laughed Aaliyah.

Still, the day is wearing on, Britney pointed out.

Chyna stepped into the room. Sihab's Vizier and Chief Eunuch are here, Master. They request an audience.

Aaliyah, I wish we were all presentable.

Kyle found himself wearing white, silken pantaloons and an open vest. Unlike the women's clothing, his silks weren't thin and sheer. He stood up, Aaliyah and Christy standing on either side of them, fully clothed in yellow and black silks, their shawls and veils in place. They did look so sexy dressed like that.

Two Jann entered. Sayid the Vizier was bent with age, his hair and beard white as snow. Yellow robes draped his bony body, though his eyes were piercing as a hawk. The Chief Eunuch was his opposite, a muscular brute, wearing only pantaloons, his dark-brown body oiled.

Aaliyah, your brother requests a private meeting before the war counsel, the Chief Eunuch announced.

About what? Kyle asked.

That is between her and her brother.

I would love to talk to my sweet brother, Aaliyah smiled.

The Eunuch nodded.

Take Carla, Missy, and Teleisia, Kyle ordered her.

Nothing will happen in my brother's palace, she whispered. Kyle gave her a look, and she smiled, nodding her head. I will be accompanied by my handmaidens, Aaliyah told the hulking eunuch.

Your brother said alone.

Aaliyah tilted her head. It would be improper for a Sultana to go anywhere without her handmaidens.

The Chief Eunuch frowned before sighing and nodding his head.

And you're here to take me to the war counsel? Kyle asked the Vizier.

I am, worthy master, he said, giving a bow. Though you should leave your women behind. This is a matter for men.

I never go anywhere without at least one beautiful woman at my side, Kyle grinned. And Britney is my chief adviser, so she will need to be with me.

But she is a woman.

Britney let out a growl at the contempt in the old man's voice. She pushed down the blue pantaloons she wore, exposing her cock. Does this get me in?

The old man blinked. Er, I guess it does.

Britney nodded. Ms. Capello, Shannon, and Chyna will come along. Kyle does need constant feminine companionship or he's no use at all.

They will have to wait outside the chambers. Unless they have... The Vizier's eyes fell on Britney's cock, the old man swallowing.

Fine, Kyle sighed. How long will it take to convince the Genies that women could contribute as much as men?

Zaritha will come as well. She knows the working of Rashid's court better than anyone. Kyle fixed the Vizier with a steady gaze. So she will join us in the counsel. His voice was hard. Kyle knew he would have to shape the Genie slowly, allow them to accept his changes gradually, but he needed Zaritha's input. Kyle fixed his eyes on the Vizier, dominating the man like he would a submissive woman, forcing the old man to concede.

The Vizier bent before his strength. Very well. Follow me.

Kyle's group followed the Vizier, turning right as Aaliyah followed the Chief Eunuch deeper into the apartments, the three concubines trailing after her. Aaliyah would be safe. Those three were far more deadly than they appeared.

Besides, nothing will happen here. This is Aaliyah's home. And the Jann have already pledged to support me against the Marid. But he had almost lost her twice. He was never going to let her go anywhere without guards if he wasn't with her. They had too many enemies now.

The halls of the Jann's palace were made of polished, brown stones of various hues. Their slippered feet swished down the hall. Kyle wasn't a fan of the slippers, but he was trying to fit in and adopted the Genie's garb. If he was going to rule them, he needed to appear like them, to make the transition easier to accept.

It was Britney's advice.

She stalked next to him, her dagger tucked into the waistband of her pantaloons. Britney's body moved with her predatory grace. Zaritha strode at his other side, the Ifrit wrapped in red silks, her hips undulating with her own, deadly grace.

The war room was built of sapphire crystal, standing at odds with the brown stone hallway. Sapphire blocked the Genie's telepathy and scrying powers. It would be private in there. No communication in and out. Flanking the entrance were a pair of the homunculi made of compressed dust, guarding the door, each holding a wicked-looking polearm. Kyle thought it might be some type of halberd, with the ax-like blade.

The doors opened and the vizier bowed, holding his arms out to his side and ushering Kyle to enter. Stay out of trouble, Kyle grinned at his three concubines. I'll try to convince them to let you in.

We'll be fine, Master, Ms. Capello smiled, her eyes flashing above her purple veil.

Kyle stepped in, followed by Britney and Zaritha. A long, wooden table set in the middle, pillows strewn about it. Maps of the Hidden Realm were unfurled upon it between plates of dates and other delicacies Kyle didn't recognize. Lanterns burning fragrant oil lit the sapphire room. Four more homunculi stood in the four corners of the room as still as statues.

Where is everyone? Kyle asked, turning to the Vizier.

The doors closed with a boom. The Vizier didn't follow them into the room.

Britney hissed and ripped out her dagger, her face striped with black. There is a male Ifrit in here! He stinks of sulfur.

Fire blossomed and a blackened figure appeared at the far end of the room as the homunculi came to life. Kyle summoned his sword as Zaritha burst into flames. 

Aljihm, Zaritha groaned.

Fuck, Kyle muttered. One of Rashid's Unbound was here. His wives were in danger, and he couldn't communicate with Aaliyah through the sapphire.

We walked right into it! Kyle's sword flashed into his hand. He shouted, and leaped to attack.

<p style="text-align: center;">~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

It's so beautiful here, Fatima gushed as she tramped through the garden, her breasts naked and warm in the sunlight. Take off those tops, she commanded her two concubines. Let's enjoy this place thoroughly.

You're in a great mood, Ann smiled, slipping off the silk vest she wore to expose her budding, pale breasts. Her nipples hardened beneath Fatima's hungry gaze.

Look at these flowers, Mistress, Kayleah smiled, her breasts swaying as she leaned over to pluck a flower from the ground and brought it up to her nose, taking a slow inhale. Delightful.

Fatima walked up and took the flower, tucking it behind Kayleah's ear. She stroked her concubine's bleached blonde hair, leaning in to kiss her sweet lips. Kayleah moaned into the kiss, her tongue brushing Fatima's lips. Naked breasts pressed together as Fatima's ardor grew, her pussy itching in her red pantaloons.

They sank to the soft ground, spreading out on the springy, green ground cover sprinkled with small, lavender flowers. Fatima broke the kiss, her pussy itching. Where's your sex toy?

Kayleah held out her hand and summoned the item that controlled her transformations. Each of the concubines had selected a sexy toy to be the focus of the enhancement spell. Kyle could trigger them to transform into powerful and sexy warriors, or they could trigger their own transformation with their sex toy.

A red, double ended dildo appeared in Kayleah's hand. 

Stick it in my pussy. I'm going to fuck you so hard, Fatima ordered.

Kayleah giggled in delight, reaching down to push Fatima's red pantaloons off her hips and ass, bringing the dildo down between their thighs. Fatima gasped and shivered as the sex toy penetrated her. She glanced over at Ann sitting on her knees, weaving flowers together.

What are you doing? Fatima moaned.

Making you a crown, she smiled, her budding breasts giggling as she wove red, blue, purple, and white flower stems together. You're a queen.

Sultana! Fatima groaned, pushing the other end of the dildo into Kayleah's pussy, shifting her body around and scissoring their legs together. The dildo drove deeper into her as she humped against Kayleah, working both ends in and out of each of their pussies.

Fuck me, Sultana! gasped Kayleah. Oh, yes! That's it! I'm your fuck toy! Use me!

I love to, gasped Fatima, her eyes fixated on her innocent concubine weaving a crown of flowers. Take it! Take every inch of it, whore!

Yes, yes, yes! Kayleah moaned. My Sultana! Oh, yes! Give it to me!

Their passionate cries flooded the pleasure garden, echoing through the shady bowers. Fatima shuddered, her pussy burning with pleasure. There were delightful ridges on the dildo teasing her flesh and driving her wild with rapture.

Done, Ann smiled, crawling over. She draped the crown on Fatima's head, then leaned down to kiss her writhing Mistress.

Fatima loved her sweet, submissive concubines, moaning into Ann's lips. The strawberry-blonde girl kissed down Fatima's heaving body, finding her dark nipples, and sucked. Fatima groaned, more pleasure flooding her body. She stroked Ann's face as the girl nursed at her nipple. The sweet teen's hand slid down Fatima's dusky body and found her aching clit.

Ann! Fatima gasped as she bucked, the pleasure swelling through her. You wonderful, delightful slut!

Ann's delicate fingers strumming her clit sent pleasure shooting straight to the bliss growing in her pussy. Fatima's body spasmed. 

She came hard. 

She writhed on the soft ground cover, holding Ann's lips to her nipple, stroking her strawberry-blonde hair as every nerve in her body rejoiced. Then she fell back, panting hard, staring up at the perfect, blue sky and loving the sun's warmth on her naked flesh.

Kayleah still humped away, stirring the dildo inside her flesh, waves of pleasure rolling through her body. Sultana! groaned Kayleah, her voice sweet and beautiful. I'm cumming! Thank you, thank you.

I think she screamed loud enough for the entire palace to hear, Ann smiled, resting her face on Fatima's breast, smiling at her.

Hmm, you may be right, Fatima grinned. You're such a dirty whore, Kayleah.

Your dirty whore. Kayleah crawled up beside Fatima, kissing her cheek. Yours and Kyle's.

And Lois, giggled Ann.

Well, all the concubines are her dirty sluts.

Fatima frowned. What? She had noticed the Native American concubine seemed more assertive than Kyle's other concubines, but she hadn't given it much thought. So much had changed while she had been in the coma.

Master made a deal with her, Kayleah explained. She agreed to be his concubine in exchange to dominating any of us he wanted.

Ann nodded her head. She loves making a woman eat her pussy. She's like you, Mistress.

But she has to submit to me, Fatima declared. I'm better than her.

Of course, nodded Kayleah. She knows her place.

Kyle is a stud. Fatima smiled, proud that her brother had made a strong, lesbian Domme into one of his concubines.

Ann yawned. I could just sleep out here. It's so relaxing.

Fatima nodded, letting her eyes close. She enjoyed the feel of her two concubines bodies pressed against her. Sleep stole over Fatima. The young teen smiled as she drifted off into a delicious catnap cuddled up with her two favorite sluts.

A shadow fell across her, blocking the wonderful sun.

She opened her eyes.

A homunculi stood over her raising a thick, two handed sword, curved like a scimitar.

Oh, fuck! Fatima shouted.

<p style="text-align: center;">~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Fumi let Fatima and her concubines wander deeper into the garden, pausing at a pond and a fountain. The water splashed and the breeze was cool in the shade of some great tree. She sat down by the water, wondering if there were any fish in there. The wind blew, painting the landscape in green, but the water seemed as solid as everything else.

Oh, what pretty flowers, Alexina called out.

Alexina bent over, plucking a flower. It looked pretty, resembling some sort of daisy, but it was the same shade of green as everything else Fumi saw. What color is it?

The concubine made a sad sigh. I'm sorry. I forgot you can't really see.

It's okay. I have Kyle. But I do miss seeing color. Please, describe it to me.

Okay. Alexina sat beside her, holding the flower in her hand. The petals start out this deep orange, but they fade into a vibrant yellow at the tips. And the center is a bright, sun-kissed yellow.

Fumi smiled, picturing the colors in her mind, leaning her head on the concubines shoulder. Are there any fish in this pond?

There are, Toni said, leaning over the edge, her hair long, falling down to touch the rippling surface. Fumi couldn't remember what color Toni's hair actually was. They're red and white, some type off carp, I think. They're lazily swimming around.

You can't see in the water, even with your windsight? Alexina asked, then groaned. Windsight. Right. I'm stupid.

Don't worry about it, Fumi said, then she leaned down and sniffed the flower. It smells beautiful. At least I have that.

Small blessings, Toni said, her feet dipping into the water. To her windsight, Toni's feet merged with the rippling surface.

Fumi breathed in all the scents of the garden, picturing all the flowers in her mind that must have produced the perfume she smelled. They were pink and lavender and blue and yellow in her mind. Blushing reds, vibrant oranges, delicate lilacs. Birds sang in the trees, and she wondered if their plumage was beautiful as their songs.

A faint woman's scream drifted on the breeze.

She stiffened. Did you hear someone shout?

No, Mistress, Toni said, kicking her feet through the water and giggling. One of the fish nibbled on my toe.

The scent of dust hit her nose. A new wind whipped through, swirling about, thick with dust. It formed into one of the Jann homunculi on the other side of the pond, a thick sword gripped in its hand. Alexina stiffened next to her.

Mistress! Toni gasped, leaping to her feet.

Fumi transformed Windfeather from a pair of glasses adorning her face to her yumi, rising up with grace as another two homunculi whirled in around them. Prepare to fight! she shouted, drawing back her bow and releasing an arrow.

<p style="text-align: center;">~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Aaliyah smiled as she stepped into her brother's apartments. The three concubinesTeleisia, Carla, and Missyon her heels. The room was richly appointed with tasseled pillows and intricately woven carpets. A small table made of polished ebony sat in the center, a vase of yellow flowers sitting in the middle.

She gracefully sat down on of the pillows. You may tell my brother I'm ready.

He wishes to see you in his private chambers.

Aaliyah blinked. What? That hardly seems proper.

The room is protected from eavesdropping and scrying, the Eunuch smiled. He is waiting for you.

Okay. Aaliyah rose back up, motioning for the concubines to follow her.

It is a private matter, the Eunuch said.

They're very trustworthy. Right?

Absolutely, Missy nodded. We're her family.

Aaliyah walked to the door leading to her brother's private chamber. It used to be her father's. She remembered sneaking in as a child and bouncing on his bed. She pushed back the grief of her father's passing and entered the door.

It was dark. Sihab? she asked.

Aaliyah, a powerful voice boomed.

She froze. Father?

A Jann stood in the room, stroking his beard. My errant daughter.

For a moment, disbelief robbed Aaliyah of action. She thought her father was dead, had come to accept that terrible fact in her heart. But here he was. Alive. No wonder Sihab wanted to see her in private. 

She let out a squeal of delight, racing to hug her father, burying her face into his beard. He didn't smell of unguents and spice like her father had when she was a child, but of dirt and blood. She pulled her face away, looking up into his eyes.

What has happened to you, father? Sihab said you were dead.

Mistress! Teleisia gave a shout as her father snapped a collar around her neck, cool to her touch. Get away from him.

He's my father, Aaliyah said, reaching up to touch the collar about her neck. What is this?

A gift. Diamond to keep you in place. His voice growled, full of dark menace. His hands squeezed about her throat, choking off her air. Aaliyah didn't understand what was happening. Why would Father harm me?

Teleisia's hand yanked her back from her father's grip, and Missy and Carla stepped forward. All three concubines had activated their enhancements, moving with inhumane grace. Mindy's black hair, cut short around her neck, swayed as she fell into a battle stance, and Carla pushed her dark-red hair off her shoulders, glowering at Aaliyah's father.

What is going on, Father? She didn't understand, her fingers trying to pry at the diamond collar, but she couldn't find a clap. Diamond would prevent her from teleporting or transforming into dust. Why would Father do that? I don't understand, Father.

You always were a stupid slut, her father hissed, swelling up. His beard was filthy, the once white stained mud-red.

Look at the bed, Teleisia hissed. We need to flee. Your brother is dead.

Aaliyah glanced at the dark bed. Two corpses lay on it. Her brother and the charred remains of one of his concubines.

Your handmaidens are lovely, her father purred. I am going to enjoy them greatly after I kill you.

Mindy and Carla lunged forward, moving with inhuman speed. Get Mistress out of here, Teleisia! screamed Carla, her foot lashing out at the Jann.

Father, what has happened to you? Aaliyah cried, tears leaking down her cheeks as Teleisia pulled her to the door.

I am Unbound, daughter, he laughed, catching Carla's foot and throwing the concubine back. She landed on her feet like cat. A cloud of dust slammed into Mindy, throwing the former nurse back. All because of you! His voice growled. You had to fail me! You had to become lost! I put all my hopes on you! What a disappointment you are!

What crime did my father commit? What Law of Creation did he violate to become Unbound?

Teleisia kicked the door open, throwing Aaliyah out of the room as the concubines attacked her father. We need to get to Master! the Black concubine screamed.

The Chief Eunuch blinked in surprise at the sight of them. Teleisia's fist slammed into his brawny chest. He crumpled, felled by the slim, Black woman. Aaliyah blinked, realizing just how enhanced the concubines were.

You can't run from me! boomed her insane father. Mindy screamed in the room. I will rip this palace apart and kill you. You have caused me so much pain! I will rip you limb from limb, my disobedient daughter! Then, with your blood dripping from my hand, I will enjoy every cunt in your husband's harem.

Tears streaming down her eyes, Aaliyah ran down the hallway, Teleisia at her side. She had to get to Kyle.

<p style="text-align: center;">~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I think this mirror will work for scrying, Sable said, walking naked up to Christy.

Christy smiled at her enemy-turned-concubine, stroking the woman's spray-tan orange cheek. The fake tan was fading, and Christy was glad. Sable must have been the only person in the world to think that a spray-tan was attractive.

Well, her and those idiots on the Jersey Shore.

It should work, Phillipa agreed, toying with her jade amulet. She was clothed and wouldn't be joining in the ritual. Rakshasas took their marriages seriously. Phillipa would never dream of making love with anyone but her Rakshasa mate. Christy wondered if there wasn't some level of mental domination involved in their relationship. Maybe Rakshasa imprint on their mates in someway?

Lois watched on with curiosity. So, scrying means you're going to see the future.

No, laughed Sable. It's seeing the now. I'll be the vessel and Christy will cast the spell. With this mirror, you three will be able to see what I see.

Ah, Lois nodded.

You can help, Christy smiled. We need to make Sable cum as part of the spell.

A grin split the cinnamon face of the Native American concubine. You know how much I love making a woman cum.

Good, that's the spirit. Let's see if we can't find some information out on the Marid's. Just because these Neanderthal Jann think we can't contribute because we're dainty women, doesn't mean we should sit on our butts and do nothing.

Lois agreed, crossing over, pressing up against Sable's back, kissing her neck.

Christy took a deep breath. Ishtar

The door to the bedroom exploded inward, spraying splinters across the room.

Lois changed. Christy felt the magic empowering the concubine. Lois leaped over Sable and Christy, landing light behind them. Christy turned. A hulking homunculi stepped through the ruined door, swinging a massive, thick sword down at Lois.

The concubine caught it like a ninja in some cheesy movie. Her reflex and strength were greatly augmented. The homunculi lashed out with a foot, catching Lois in the stomach. She tumbled back, gasping in pain as she rolled into a crouch. 

Christy didn't understand why their allies were attacking them. She stood up, Sable and Phillipa standing around her, forming a triangle as more of the homunculi burst into the room. Christy's heart hammered, but this wasn't her first fight, and she was hardly helpless.

Sable, you conjure the shield.

Ishtar, defend your servants from their enemies with your protective geas, she chanted. Christy had insisted that she switch to the service of Ishtar after Sable had been inadvertently dominated by the love elemental and transformed into Christy's devoted sex slave.

A sword made of dust slashed down and struck the shield, energy warping around them. A second and a third blow hammered at the shield while Lois danced outside, dodging attack after attack, dancing about the room.

Phillipa, we need to disrupt the magic animating them, Christy said. Ideas?

They must simply be dust animated by a spirit. We need to sever the spirit's control over the physical object. So we need to ground them.

How do we ground the spirit out then?

A magic circle. I don't know another way.

Neither did Christy.

Another blow hammered Sable's shield. It was hard to stand there and not run in terror as the towering homunculi attacked. Christy tried to concentrate on the problem. They needed a magic circle, but they couldn't leave Sable's protection without getting clobbered. Lois bounced around the room, dodging left and right, trying to find an opening to attack. With her reflexes, it took all her skill to keep from being hit by the homunculi. 

There was no way Christy or another witch could survive out there.

Unless I can move about even faster than Lois. An idea popped into her head.

Phillipa, is there any chalk in your possession? Christy asked.

Of course, she nodded, narrowing her slanted eyes. Why?

Christy summoned Shadowedge, the staff she retrieved from Burke's dead minion. It coalesced out of shadows into her hand. I'm going to make the circle. Get ready to power it.

Space folded around her and then she appeared in Britney and Phillipa's room. She dug around in Phillipa's pocket and pulled out a piece of white chalk. She visualized the bedroom, picturing the seven points she would need to mark to make a circle.

She took a deep breath. I hope this works.

She knelt, ready to make the mark, and folded space.

Everything went black, her body twisted inside out. She appeared, quickly scratching the first mark on the ground. She was behind the homunculi. They hadn't seen her yet. She made the X, visualized the next point, and warped...

...into Lois's path.

The concubine crashed into Christy's back, knocking the witch face forward. Both teens cried out as they tumbled to the ground. Lois was on her feet in a heart beat as Christy scrambled to grab the piece of chalk that had fell from her hands, tumbling across the room. Christy swallowed.

The chalk came to a rest against the foot of a homunculi.

<p style="text-align: center;">~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Fire rushed at Kyle as he charged the blackened Ifrit. Raw, red cracks covered the Ifrit's skin, glowing bright before he sent the wave of fire at Kyle. Branding Earthbones, Kyle reached out to the sapphire floor, commanding it to rise up before him and form a wall.

The sapphire refused his commands.

His thoughts seemed to bounce off the stone, reflecting back at him. Fuck. Sapphire blocks every form of mental communication.

Zaritha flashed in front of him, her own fire exploding forward, slamming into Aljihms attack. Both fires boiled together, but Zaritha's seemed to shield Kyle's from the heat. The table crackled, fire consuming the wood.

You should never have betrayed Rashid, growled Aljihm. He is most distraught with you.

Good! hissed Zaritha, her flames burning hotter. His reward for all my years of loyal service was death.

Aljihm let out a mad laugh. And I shall deliver that reward to you.

Britney, can you use your water to douse his flames.

There is no water in this room, she hissed back. We need to get the door open and retreat to open space.

Smoke billowed from the burning table and cushions, boiling across the top of the room. Kyle coughed, his eyes stinging as he moved to the door. It was solid sapphire. He pushed on it. The door gave an inch before it resisted.

It's barred from the other side.

Use your sword. Sapphire is stone. Rip the door apart.

I can't! he growled.

Britney ducked down, feeling around the bottom of the door. This room is air tight, Kyle.

And?

And those fires are consuming all the oxygen in here.

Fuck, Kyle groaned.

Fire clashed behind them, heat blistering into his back. He glanced at the warring Ifrit, Kyle's eyes almost blinded by the inferno the pair were throwing at each other. The air seared his lungs when he breathed and he coughed hard.

He had to break the door down. He drew up Earthbones for an overhand cut. All the strength of the earth was in his blade. He had the power. He could shatter the sapphire if he could just hit it hard enough. Golden light flared, driving back the smoke billowing around his head.

Letting out a bellow, Kyle slammed his sword down. Metal rang against gemstone.

A crack splintered the door.

To be continued...