Exhibitions in the Park by Chris Hailey, Copyright 2014

Story codes: Fg(10), exhib, oral

Summary: Little Susie is sooo bored! When her brother suggests that they should go to the park and she should let people look down her dress, her day starts getting much more interesting!

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

=================





Susie flopped down on the couch with an audible sigh, but her brother couldn't even be bothered look up from his phone. She leaned back, sliding her butt down until she was almost falling onto the floor, and made another exaggeratedly loud sighing sound.

Finally her brother lowered his phone a bit and looked over it at her. "What's up, Suse?"

"Bored," she answered.

"Go to the park," he said.

"Borrrrinnnng!"

He made a grunting sound, looking back at his phone and thumb-typing furiously. "No it isn't, you always go to the park. You love it."

"Nobody's there," she grumbled in a low whine.

"Lots of people there this time of the day." Type type type.

"Nobody I know, though." She slouched down even further with a pout on her face. Not that her brother would notice. He was staring intently at his phone.

"Go make new friends," her brother said, still not even bothering to look at her.

"No." She crossed her arms. "You come with me!"

"No way. I'm busy."

"Busy texting your girlfriend! Come on, let's go do something. I wanna do something different. Something exciting."

He gave a heavy sigh, thumb-typed a message, and clicked off his phone. "OK, you want me to come to the park with you?"

"Yeah!" She sat up, leaning towards him.

"And you want to do something different and exciting?"

"Yeah!"

"OK, I'll come to the park with you, but you have to do what I tell you to do."

"OK!"

"You know that dress, the one that Aunt Lynn bought you?" he asked her. "The yellow one?"

"Yeah," she answered with a bit of a puzzled look. "It's too big for me."

"Right, that one. Go put it on."

She squinted skeptically at him. "Really?"

"Yeah, go do it. You said you'd do what I tell you to do."

"OK."

The girl ran off to her bedroom, and her big brother returned to his phone. She came back into the living room a few minutes later. "OK..." she said, sounding hesitant.

He looked up at her over his phone and scrunched his nose. "Your bra is showing. You have to take your bra off."

"Take my bra off!?!"

"Come on, it's not like you need one anyway."

"Yeah I do!"

He just stared at her.

"OK," she said, "whatever." She turned her back to her older brother, slipped the dress down, reached around her back and unhooked her bra and took it off, then pulled the dress back into place. She turned back to face him. "There, OK?"

He looked at her with his eyebrows raised a bit. "Nice! You should pull the top of the dress down a little bit."

She rolled her eyes at her older brother. "Oh come on Mr. Hornypants, you just want to look at my cleavage!"

Her brother laughed. "What cleavage?"

"You are so mean!" she said, but she couldn't help but pull the front of the dress down a little bit. She sort of wanted to show her cleavage to him, if only to prove him wrong. Even though he was right that she didn't really have any.

"Nice," he said. "Let's go to the park now."

"But..." She looked down at her chest, which seemed awfully exposed to her. "People will see my..."

"Yeah, that's the idea!" her brother said.

"What?!?" She looked at him with squinty eyes, like he was crazy.

"That's the idea, Suse. If somebody's trying to look at your boobs, you just lean down and let 'em."

Her eyes got wide. "Let 'em look at my boobs?"

"You said you wanted to do something different and exciting, right?" he asked her.

"Yeah..." Along with her hesitation, there was a certain note of interest. "What if it's, like, a grown-up? Like a grown-up guy, like a dad?"

"So? Let him look!"

She squinted her eyes at her older brother. "Is that really what you want me to do? Let some old man look at my boobs?"

He grinned at her. "It'll make the guy's day, you know."

She grinned back. "Yeah, guys do like to look, don't they?"

"You should practice once."

"Like how?"

"Like, just lean over," he said.

"Right now?"

"Yeah, right now!"

She grinned even bigger at her brother. "You just want to look at my boobs!"

"No, it's just for practice," he protested. Rather ineffectually. She pulled the top of her dress down even a little bit more, enough that it almost showed the top of her nipples. Then she leaned over, facing her brother. She watched his eyes as they looked down her dress, darting from one titty to the other, then back again. It made her feel excited, knowing that he was looking. She'd never done this before, not with her brother, and it made her feel funny. It made her heart beat stronger.

"Can you see? Is it working?" she asked him, still leaning over.

"Yeah," he said. She could hear his voice cracking.

"Should I... pull it down a little more?" She reached up to the top of the dress and pulled it down so that he could see even better.

"That's good," he said, his voice still cracking, his eyes still darting from one titty to the other.

She smiled at him. "I thought you said I didn't have any boobs."

"I never said that!" he said, eyes darting.

"You said I didn't need a bra. But I do, see? Look, I have boobs!" She pulled her dress down even further, enjoying her brother's longing stare.

"Yeah..." he said, voice shaking now.

"So, you just gonna keep staring at them, or are we gonna go to the park?"

"Um, park, yeah..." her brother stammered.

When her brother stood up and stuffed his phone in his pocket, she noticed that he also tried to discretely adjust something in his crotch, and she just knew he had a woody from looking down her dress. That made her feel excited, to know that her boobs could turn a guy on like that, even if it was just her mean ol' brother.

She followed him to the door, but stopped half-way there. "Wait," she said. And then right there in front of her brother, she reached up under her dress and pulled her panties off.

His eyes went wide. "No panties?"

"Just in case," she said, "maybe I get a chance to let someone look up my dress."

She could practically feel how her brother's mouth was getting dry at the thought of it.

"You want me to practice that a little, too?" she asked him with a grin.

It was so cute, how he couldn't even say anything. All he could do was just nod.

She reached down to the bottom of her dress and slowly lifted it up. She loved how her brother's eyes just stared right at her crotch, even though she wasn't showing anything yet. Her heart was beating really hard when she lifted it high enough that he could see her pussy.



Girls can tell when a guy is looking at them. And they can really tell when a guy is looking at their boobs. Susie might be only ten years old, but she'd already caught all kinds of guys looking down her shirt, like boys at school, they're always trying to look down her shirt. But sometimes older men, too. It amazed her how often older men would try to look at her boobs. Sometimes they would even be with their families, like their wives and stuff, and even then they would try to sneak a peak!

They weren't at the park for more than about two seconds before she noticed a guy there, a dad with two kids who were playing on the swing. She could tell he kept looking at her.

"Jerry," she said in almost a whisper. "That guy over there..." she nodded in his direction. "He keeps looking at me."

Her brother leaned back on the picnic table they were sitting on and looked at the man.

"Pull your dress down like you did when you were practicing, and then when he looks, lean over."

"OK." Her heart was beating pretty hard as she pulled the top of her dress down until it almost showed her nipples. Her face got warm as she felt the man's longing stare. Even without looking, she knew he was staring. So she leaned over. She pretended that she was talking to her brother while she leaned over, her chest facing right at the guy, so that he could look at her boobs.

"Is he looking?" she asked in a little whisper.

Her brother looked up and smiled. "Yeah, he was, but he looked away as soon as I looked at him."

"Oh," she said, a definite sound of disappointment in her voice. "He looked away?"

"Yeah." Her brother sounded disappointed, too. "I'm gonna go over there..." he nodded in the direction of a jungle gym, "...so he won't notice that I'm watching him."

"OK," she said. She tried not to look at the guy, but she couldn't help it. Luckily he was still looking away, so he didn't see her checking him out. He was sort of tall and sort of handsome, in an old-dude sort of way. She smiled to herself as she saw him look at her again, and she leaned back over and even hooked her finger in the top of her dress and pulled it down a little bit more, to give the guy a really good look. Her heart was pounding really hard and she couldn't bring herself to look and see if he was staring, but she knew he was. She could feel his hot stare. She could feel his longing, just like her brother's. She just knew he had a big boner from looking at her titties. She just knew he was thinking all kinds of naughty thoughts about her, and that made her really excited.

After what seemed like hours, his kids ran off to play on some other stuff in the park, and the man reluctantly followed them. She could see how he kept looking back at her as he walked away.

Her big brother came over. "Wow!" he said. "That guy stared down your top forever!"

"Really?" she said, her eyes twinkling.

"Yeah!"

"So, who's next?" she asked, scanning the playground. "There aren't any other guys around, I guess."

"Doesn't look like it," her big brother said, scanning too.

She thought about moving over to where the man had gone, so that she could let him look down her dress some more. That's really what she wanted. Maybe if she got really brave she would even lift her dress a bit and spread her legs and show him her pussy! But then she was disappointed that in just a couple of minutes, his kids were running off away from the playground, heading home. She saw him look wistfully back at her as he followed his kids away.

"Well," her brother said. "What about a lady?"

"A lady?"

"Yeah, let's see..." They both scanned the playground. "There," he said, "that girl."

Susie turned her head to see the girl that her big brother was nodding at. She looked like she was college age, or maybe an older high school student. The way she was playing with the kids made it seem like she was their "au pair." Susie thought she was really pretty, with long auburn hair that flowed and waved past her shoulders and glimmered in the sunlight.

"Really? Her?" she asked.

"Yeah! Go for it!"

She felt her heart skip just a little bit at the idea of showing a college-aged girl her boobs. "OK," she said.

She walked over to where the au pair was playing with the kids and sat down, while her brother hung back to get a good look at the events. As she pulled her dress top down a little, just above her nipples, she noticed the woman look. Her face got a little flushed. And then she leaned over.

She could feel the girl's stare. She knew she was looking. Her heart was pounding so hard as she sat there, knowing that this pretty lady was looking down her dress at her titties. Then she got really brave. She lifted the bottom of her dress over her knees and spread her legs open. She didn't dare look, but she felt the woman's eyes move down to her pussy.

All of the sudden she realized that the woman was walking over to her.

"Hullo," the woman said. She had an accent, like she wasn't American. The woman was standing right above Susie, and she knew that she had a perfect view down her dress.

"Hi," she said back, looking up and  squinting because of the bright sunshine. She knew her voice sounded silly. Nervous.

"What's your name?" the woman said in her beautiful foreign accent.

"Susie," Susie said.

"I'm Genevieve."

Susie thought that was the prettiest name she'd ever heard. It sounded like the name of a princess.

"Are you here with anyone, Susie?" Genevieve asked her.

"No... Well, my brother's over there," she nodded in the direction of her brother.

"Oh, OK." The lady looked over at her big brother for a second, then looked back at the girl. "That's a really nice dress, Susie," she said.

Susie felt her face get a little blushy. "It's..." she was stuttering a little! "It's a little too big, huh?"

Genevieve smiled at her. "I like that about it. It, um, shows off your body very nicely."

Susie felt her heart skip when Genevieve said that. All of the sudden she felt really excited. "Yeah," she said, trying to respond somehow. For some reason she felt a little embarrassed, so she reached up and pulled the top of her dress up a little bit. "Sorry about that, it's just..."

"Believe me, there's no reason to apologize," the beautiful woman said in her beautiful foreign accent.

"It's just, my brother, he kinda put me up to this. Like, 'go to the park in that dress and...'"

"Your brother did, huh?" The lady looked back over at her big brother.

"Oh, don't be mad at him! It was my idea, really. I told him I wanted to do something exciting."

The woman smiled warmly at Susie. "Oh, I'm not mad at him." She looked back over at the boy. "So, you find it exciting, to have people looking at you?"

She felt even more blushy. "Um..."

"Do you do this a lot?" Genevieve asked.

"Um, no, not really."

"But you like it."

"Um, yeah." Susie answered. "I guess."

The woman's big blue eyes looked down at her with a twinkle that made Susie's breath get short. "I'm sort of an exhibitionist myself," she said.

"What's... an exhib... itionist?" Susie couldn't catch her breath.

"A person that likes to show their body off. In public."

"Oh. And you're... an exhib... itionist?" Susie stuttered.

"Only sometimes. Only with the right people."

Susie nodded. Her mouth felt sorta dry.

"I think maybe you're the right kind of person," the beautiful auburn-haired woman said in her wonderful foreign accent. "What do you think?"

Susie felt her eyes get wide. She nodded, rather vigorously.

Genevieve gave her a big sweet smile that made Susie feel all flush, all through her whole body. The woman stood up straight and looked around. "It's too crowded here," she said. "Can you ask your brother to watch these kids while we go for a walk?"

Susie nodded, mouth still dry, eyes still wide.

Genevieve smiled broadly at her. "Go on now, ask him!"

Susie stood up and ran over to where her brother was. Her knees felt kinda shaky. He had a big grin on his face.

"That lady was sooooo looking down your dress! And you even flashed your pussy at her!" he said. "She totally stared at your pussy!"

"I know!" Susie said, still trying to catch her breath. "Listen, she wants to go for a walk. Would you... would you watch her kids while we go for a walk?"

Her big brother looked at her a little skeptically. "She wants to go for a walk with you?"

"Come on!" she said, rocking impatiently on her heels. "Will you?"

"You think it's a good idea to go for a walk with her?"

"Yes! Come on!"

Her brother gave her a little smile. "OK, OK, settle down sis. I'll watch the kids. But don't go very far, OK? And scream really loud if she does anything at all, OK?"

"What d'ya think she's gonna do, stab me or something? She's not a murderer, she's a really nice lady! Come ON!" She grabbed her brother's hand and dragged him, half running, back to where Genevieve was playing with the kids.

"This here's my brother," Susie said to Genevieve when they got there, out of breath. "Jeremy. Jerry."

Genevieve raised her eyebrows a little when she looked at the boy. "Good to meet you, Jerry."

"Uh, you too," the boy said.

"So, you OK watching the kids for a little while?"

"Um, I don't know if..."

Genevieve smiled at him. The most beautiful smile Susie had ever seen. "You do us a favor this time, Jeremy," she said in a low, quiet, resonating voice, "and maybe I'll do you a favor at some point, too."

Susie just knew her brother's mouth went all dry when Genevieve said that to him! It made her laugh inside. The woman knew exactly what to say to Jerry to get him to watch the kids!

"OK,' her brother said, his voice cracking.



Genevieve gave Susie a big smile. "This is fun, huh?"

Susie nodded eagerly, an adorable expectant smile on her pink little face. They were standing in a little grassy clearing in the woods by the park.

Her pretty blue eyes twinkling, Genevieve unbuttoned the top couple of buttons on her blouse, then pulled it open a little bit. Susie could see her bra now, it it looked so pretty, lacy pink cups pushing the woman's breasts up so that their soft pale flesh was showing. She smiled so sweetly at Susie. "Would you like to see my breasts?" she asked.

Susie nodded vigorously.

Genevieve reached up and wrapped her fingers under the top of one of her lacy bra cups, then pulled it down and her breast popped out. 

Susie just stared. She just stood there, staring at the woman's beautiful breast. It was pale and round and she had a big, dark-pink nipple that stuck out, thick and hard. The woman smiled at Susie as she watched her stare, and then she put her finger on her nipple and moved it up and down for a moment, making it grow even stiffer.

"I like showing you," the woman said very softly.

Susie just nodded, unable to do anything other than just stare at that beautiful breast.

Genevieve pulled her other cup down as well, both of her breasts now exposed. "Do you want to touch them, Susie?"

Susie nodded again, but just stood there motionless, staring at both of the woman's breasts.

"Well then," the woman said, reaching down and taking one of Susie's hands. "Here!" She lifted the girl's hand up to one of her breasts.

Susie didn't really know what to do. She just sort of touched it. It felt so soft and wonderful. Her heart was racing.

"Can I touch your breasts, too, Susie?" the woman asked.

Susie nodded vigorously again, feeling all fluttery and excited. Her whole body was trembling as the woman's bright blue eyes twinkled and she lifted her hand and slipped it down the top of Susie's dress.

It felt so wonderful for little Susie! Her puffy little nipples hardened to Genevieve's electric touch as the woman rubbed them gently, first one, then moving her hand over to the other, then back the back to the first excited little nipple again. While Genevieve fondled the girl's budding breasts, Susie did her best to do the same for her. She gently rubbed the woman's big stiff teats, hoping that it made her feel as good as she was making Susie feel. She loved the feeling of the woman's nipples, so thick and hard, but also velvety soft. As she looked at them while she touched them, she suddenly realized that she wanted to kiss them. She wanted to nurse on Genevieve's beautiful soft breasts!

The woman must have known, because she reached her other hand to the back of Susie's head and very gently pulled the girl in to her bosom. Almost by instinct, Susie latched onto one of the woman's beautiful stiff nipples and suckled. Her heart was exploding in her chest, it felt so wonderful to be nursing on such a wonderful womanly breast! The woman's nipple fit perfectly into Susie's mouth, and it tasted so wonderful. She lapped at it with her tongue, feeling the softness and the hardness, all of the little bumps and wrinkles.  And, most excitedly, she heard Genevieve let out a little sigh, and she knew she was making the woman feel good and that made her so happy! 

Susie could have nursed on Genevieve's nipples for the rest of her life, but when the woman whispered very softly, "Susan, can I see your pussy again?" all that she wanted to do right then was let the beautiful woman look at her little pussy. So she took her mouth away from the woman's nipple and stepped back and lifted her dress.

It made her so excited to see Genevieve's beautiful blue eyes staring down at her pussy. It made her fluttery body start tingling.

"Do you want to see mine?" the woman asked.

"Yes please," Susie said in a sweet little voice.

Without taking her eyes off of Susie's pussy, Genevieve reached down and unbuttoned her pants, and then unzipped them, and then pulled them down. She had pink lacy panties on. Susie just loved those beautiful panties! And then Genevieve hooked her fingers in the waistband of her panties and pulled them down, nice and slow, until her pussy was revealed.

Susie was surprised to see that there was no hair on Genevieve's sex, and she was going to ask why she didn't have any hair, but Genevieve dropped her pants and panties to her feet and spread her legs open a little bit so that Susie could see her pussy really well, and she saw that there were dark red lips flowing out of the woman's slit. They were so cool! They looked so sexy, they made Genevieve's pussy look just like a grown-up vagina. Susie wished that she had a pussy like Genevieve's. She wished that she had lips that flowed out of her slit like that!

"Do you want to touch her?" Genevieve asked.

"Yes please," Susie said in her little voice. And she reached her hand out and slipped her fingers between Genevieve's legs. The woman's pussy was so wet, and so hot! It made Susie so excited to feel it!

"Put your finger inside," she heard Genevieve say softly, almost a whisper.

And Susie slipped a finger into the woman's hot vagina. She couldn't believe what it felt like inside there, so warm and so wet, soft and tight around her finger. She could hardly breathe, she loved it so much!

"Can I touch yours, too, Susan?" Genevieve asked.

"Yes please!" Susie almost shouted it this time!

Her body was shaking hard as Genevieve stroked her pussy. She could feel the woman's finger parting her slit, rubbing up and down, finding her little button...

OH WOW! Susie's body shook with pleasure, and almost without meaning to, she pushed her finger even deeper into Genevieve's vagina, all the way until she couldn't get any more of it in. 

When Genevieve took Susie's hand and gently pulled the girl's finger out of her vagina, she was worried she might have hurt her by pushing her finger in so deep. But then Genevieve dropped down on her knees in front of the girl. Susie was a little confused at first, but then the woman leaned in and she felt her lips touch her belly and then felt her tongue, wet and warm, against her skin. And then Genevieve's tongue slid down, past the little girl's belly-button and down even further. She was already shaking so hard, before she even felt that soft warm tongue on her little button.

And then, "oh wow" doesn't even begin to describe how she felt. Almost the second the woman's tongue touched her little bulb, she felt her legs start shaking and her whole body was full of a wonderful tingling electricity. She'd never felt anything like it before in her life. She played with her button sometimes, when she was lying in her bed at night, and it made her feel really wonderful, but this wasn't anything like that at all. This was so much more powerful it was almost frightening! 

So Susie stood there with Genevieve kissing and licking her pussy. Her dress had fallen down now around the woman, and the little girl put her hands on the woman's head and held her into her and her knees quaked and her body shook and she came. She actually cried out, quite loudly, as the wonderful feelings flowed all through her body from her head to her toes and especially her pussy and her little button.

Her body seemed to shake like that forever, until it was just too much and Susie started giggling. "It tickles!"

So finally Genevieve took her tongue away, and pulled her head out from under the girl's dress, and stood up.

"Well, you seemed to like that!" the woman said.

Susie could hardly say anything. She was still just trying to catch her breath. "Yeah," was all she managed to squeak out.

"Good!" Genevieve said, smiling while she pulled her pants back on and put her breasts back into her bra. Then she took Susie's hand and they started walking, the little girl's knees still shaking, back to the playground.

"This was a lot of fun, Susie," Genevieve said as they walked. "Maybe we can do it again some time?"

"Yeah!" Susie said, so excited at the thought of maybe getting to do this again sometime with this beautiful woman.

"I'll give you my phone number and you can text me or call me anytime, OK?"

"Yeah!"



Susie practically skipped back to the playground, she was so happy and excited to have made such a wonderful new friend. They held hands most of the way, Genevieve laughing at the little girl's joy, until they got close enough that they couldn't hold hands anymore.

Her brother wanted to know all about what happened in the woods, but Susie didn't really want to tell him. She was a little worried that Genevieve might get into trouble. "We just hung out," she told him as they walked back home. "You know, talked."

"Oh, cool," he said. "She is so hot! Don't you think?" 

"She's really pretty."

"God, I'll say. She said she'd do me a favor for watching the kids. You think she'll ever, like, I don't know, have sex with me or something?"

Susie just smiled. "Maybe," she said.

"Man I hope she will!" he said in a wistful voice. "So did you have fun today?"

"Oh, yeah. Lots of fun!" Susie said.

"I knew you wouldn't be bored anymore! We should do it again sometime!"

"Yeah, I think we should," Susie said.



[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com  Thanks!]
