The night's not over yet...

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Money, Part 4 (Mf, cons, inc, impreg?)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Janey woke to the feeling of something poking into her thigh from behind. What was it? Oh, yeah, she was in her dad's bed, so that was his hard penis poking her, she realized. She lifted one leg and reached down, angling his phallus so the head was pressed against her clit. Then she lowered that leg, trapping it in place.

The massive orgasm she had started before her dad had to pull out and cum in her mouth had never crested. She really wanted to get there again. She rolled her hips while using her fingers to keep his cock head in contact with her clitoris.

"Mmm..." she moaned.

Mike half woke to the feeling of who he thought was his wife playing with his cock while he spooned her. It had been so long... He began to thrust his hips.

"Ohh..." Janey moaned as she felt her stepdad starting to thrust between her legs, the shaft of his cock rubbing on her pussy lips. He was awake! She angled the head of his penis into the entrance of her recently deflowered vagina, and on his next thrust he was inside her.

Mike's body went into autopilot sex as his mind retreated partway back towards sleep. He grabbed his dream wife's hip for control and then soon enough, half of his cock was inside her.

Janey, held fast by her father's strong hand on her hip, stopped moving her own hips but slipped her fingers back down to rub her clit.

Soon, Mike's thrusting enabled him to fully penetrate his wife. He didn't remember her being so tight before, but it had been a long time since they had last made love. She was very wet, though, so nothing was holding him back. He moved his hand higher, caressing one of her breasts and tweaking the nipple. Her breasts seemed smaller than he remembered, but that clue was lost in the fuzzy dream logic.

Janey gasped at the feel of his warm hand surrounding her boob, and then he was squeezing her nipple. That, combined with her clitoral stimulation, set off her orgasm.

"Uhhuuhh! Unnhh!"

Mike felt his wife's pussy clamp down hard on his cock. He thrust harder, faster.

Janey felt her dad speed up his thrusts, making her orgasmic pleasure ramp up even higher. She knew he would pull out as he promised, as he did before, but hoped he'd be able to hold out until her own orgasm finished this time. Her body shook as pleasure radiated from her nipples, her clit, and deep inside her pussy.

"Unhh! Nnnh!" Mike grunted as his orgasm started inside what his sleep-addled mind thought was his wife's vagina.

Janey shook as her orgasm continued to wash over her. She was fully expecting her dad to whip his cock out of her at any moment, as he sounded like he was ready to blow, when she felt a throbbing sensation deep inside her. Her eyes flew open as she realized her father was cumming!

"Noo-OOHHH!" At the thought of her stepfather inseminating her, her overheated, fertile body redoubled its orgasmic hold on her. "Nnnn...uuuuhhhh..." She could do nothing but jerk spasmodically as her dad possibly impregnated her nubile fifteen-year-old body.

Finally, both orgasms complete, Mike kissed the back of her neck. "Love you, babe," he whispered before he started snoring again.

'Babe': That was his pet name for her mom. Janey was 'sweetie'.

Janey was of two minds...on one hand, she was disappointed that her dad had obviously thought that he was fucking his wife in his sleep instead of her, but on the other, she was glad that he hadn't purposely broken his word. She moved forward, allowing his sperm-covered cock to slip out of her very wet pussy, and she groaned at the feeling of loss.

She shuffled to the bathroom and sat on the toilet to try to drip as much of the dangerous sperm out of her as she could. A lot came out over the next few minutes, but based on his previous loads, she knew that a lot more was still left inside.

She again remembered the story her mom had told her about how she and her first husband had tried for years to have a child before Janey came along. Her mother had tracked her fertility cycle faithfully and it had still taken so very long! Surely Janey wouldn't get pregnant from just one accident, she told herself.

She couldn't tell her dad what had happened. He had been asleep so it wasn't his fault! Also, he would be beside himself with guilt if he knew. She would wait for her next period, and then when it came everything would be fine.

To Be Concluded...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com).