First Time In {Titmouse} (mf,teens,anal)
----------------------------------------
WARNING NOTICE: 
 
   The following story is erotic fiction and includes 
descriptions of explicit sex.  If you are a minor or
if such things may offend you, quit reading now.
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

                    First Time In

                     by Titmouse
             (C)1997, All Rights Reserved



	"No, Larry, we can't!" Sharon said, pushing me off 
her.  "I'm just can't do it."
	"Jesus Christ!" I said.  "This is driving me crazy. 
Baby, I love you, but I can't keep doing this.  My 
balls are going to explode!"
	We were on the sofa in the rec room downstairs at 
my house, after school.  My folks were at work and 
wouldn't be home for another couple of hours.  Sharon 
put her head on my shoulder, snuggling up to me again.
	"I'm sorry, honey," she said.  "I know, I know, 
but..."
	"Yeah," I said, "you don't want to get pregnant.  
You don't want to start having sex, because we'll wind 
up doing it without protection.  You don't want to take 
a chance.  Well, what about me?"
	Sharon looked up at me with her brown eyes.  She 
hugged me, pressing her breast against my chest.  Her 
legs were wrapped around one of mine, her crotch against 
my thigh.  I knew she was as excited as I was-- almost 
as much, anyway.
	"I don't know, baby," she said.  "I want to do it, 
you know that, I really do."  She moved her hand down to 
my crotch and stroked my penis through my pants.  It 
swelled against her hand.  "Maybe we could do something 
else?"
	"Like what?" I asked.
	"I dunno.  Maybe..."  She hesitated, embarrassed.
	"What?"
	"What about a..." she moved her mouth up to my ear 
and whispered softly "...a blowjob?"
	I was surprised.  I wasn't quite sure what a 
blowjob was, but I knew it had something to do with her 
putting her mouth on my prick.  It sounded great to me, 
but I didn't think Sharon was the type to do that sort 
of thing.
	"Are you sure?" I asked.
	"I don't know," she admitted, "but I feel like I 
gotta do something for you, honey.  Would you like me to 
do that?"
	"Oh, yeah," I said.  "If you wanna do that, yeah, 
I'd like you to do that."
	Sharon moved her hands to my waist and unfastened 
my belt buckle.  Then she began unbuttoning my jeans.  
She wasn't very good at it and fumbled with the buttons 
for a long time.  I didn't mind.  The feel of her hands 
on my prick was exciting, and it swelled as she worked 
at the buttons, which didn't make it any easier for her.
	"Oooh," Sharon said, "you're getting hard."
	"Hell yes, I'm getting hard," I said.  "That feels 
good."
	"You like it when I touch you?" she asked.
	"You know I do," I said.  "A lot."
	Sharon finished the last button.  Putting her hand 
on my stomach, she slid her hand down under my 
undershorts and touched my prick, which was pointing due 
north.  She ran her palm over it and down to my balls, 
which she cupped lightly.
	It wasn't the first time she had touched my naked 
cock, but it was still new enough to send chills through 
my body.  Sharon grasped my shaft with her hand and 
tugged on it.  She jacked it up and down for a while, 
and I swelled against her warm, slightly sweaty palm.
	"Here," Sharon said, sliding off the couch onto the 
floor.  "Turn around and sit up."  I did what she said. 
She knelt between my knees and began to peel my jeans 
and undershorts over my butt.  "Lift up," she said, and 
pulled them down to mid-thigh when I did.
	This was new.  Our mutual groping had been mostly 
of the eyes-closed, semi-dark variety until this.  
Although I'd had my finger in her pie a number of times, 
I'd never actually seen it, nor had she seen me.  At 
least, never like this, straight on, dead center.
	"Wow," Sharon said.  "That's awesome!  Does it 
always get this big?"
	"It does when you touch it," I told her.  "It feels 
like it's getting bigger."
	She held it in both hands, pumping up and down on 
it.  It was strange-- backwards from the way I did it 
and slightly uncomfortable from her unpracticed touch, 
but thrilling nonetheless.  Her hands were damp, but not 
wet enough to slide over the skin.
	"I'm not sure what I'm supposed to do," she said.  
"Kiss it, I guess."  Sharon leaned forward, bringing her 
mouth close to my prick.  I could feel her breath on me. 
I could see her lips reach out, pucker and kiss the 
head of my cock.  It swelled strongly, responding to her 
touch.
	Sharon extended her tongue and licked at the head 
experimentally.  A moan escaped me, which she took as an 
indication that she was doing okay.  She bent my prick 
downward, pointing it right at her mouth, and opened her 
lips.  She slipped them around the head and sucked on it 
gently.  I swelled in her mouth and she seemed to like 
that.  She sucked on it some more, turning her head back 
and forth, pushing her tongue in and out to tease the 
sensitive, heart-shaped bottom.
	"Do you like that?" she asked.
	"Jesus Christ, baby" I said, "YES.  It's great.  
Can you get more in your mouth?"
	In answer, Sharon pushed her head forward, sliding 
her lips down over my hot cock.  She got about half of 
it in her mouth, and sucked on that for a while.  That 
felt so good that I couldn't help moving my hips back 
and forth, gently fucking my prick into her wet, 
grasping mouth.  She got the idea, and began lifting her 
head and pushing it down again over my cock.
	"Ohhh, that really feels good, baby," I told her.  
"Keep doing that."  It was great.  It felt better than 
my hand when I jacked off.  Her warm mouth, clinging 
lips and mobile tongue all worked on me.  As her saliva 
wet my prick, her hand began to slide up and down on it, 
so that she was jacking me off into her mouth.  It was 
the most wonderful thing I had ever felt.
	Sharon pulled her head off my prick, catching her 
breath, although she kept her hand on me, moving slowly 
up and down.
	"Will this make you cum?" she asked.
	"I think so," I told her.  "It sure feels like it. 
It feels real good, baby."
	Sharon looked to one side.  "I...I don't want you 
to cum in my mouth," she said.  "I'm... It's just 
that..."
	"Oh," I said.  "Well, that's great.  Now you've got 
me in even worse shape than I was before, and you tell 
me that!"
	Sharon bent her head back to my cock, pushing it 
into her mouth again, sucking on it and working it with 
her tongue.  Then she pulled back again.
	"Don't be mad at me, honey," she said.  "I'm sorry. 
I want you to cum, I just can't handle the idea of it 
going in my mouth.  I know that's what you're supposed 
to do, but I'm just not ready.  But maybe you can warn 
me and I can just jack you off at the end."
	I think I would have said anything to get her to 
put her mouth back on my prick.  It strained toward her, 
reaching out toward her mouth.  Sharon leaned down and 
licked it, kissed the head, took me in her mouth again, 
sucked on it.
	She did that on and off for a while, stopping every 
once in a while to let me cool down a little, then 
moving back to my cock again.  Her confidence increased 
with a little experience.  Where she had been tentative 
at first, now Sharon pushed her mouth down on my prick 
strongly, sucked on me vigorously, moved her hand up and 
down on me quickly.  When it was slick with her juice, 
she let her hand slide up and down on it like an 
extension of her mouth, keeping her hand at her lips, 
jacking me off with her hand while her mouth captured me 
as my prick emerged from her hand, licked me, tongued 
me, let me slip out again as her hand moved upward, then 
caught me in her mouth again as her hand slid downward 
over the shaft.
	After a while, I was getting near the edge, my 
breath coming in little gasps, the feel of her soft 
hands and warm mouth stirring me, teasing me, coaxing my 
cum out of me.  Sensing it, Sharon moved her mouth off 
of me, although her hand kept moving up and down, 
jacking me off, trying to make me cum.  But the cool air 
was a shock after her warm mouth, and she was too 
inexpert with her hands.  Once again, my passion faded 
slightly.
	"It's not working, is it?" Sharon asked.
	"It feels great, babe" I told her, "but when you 
take your mouth away, I start to lose it.  Can't you 
just keep going?  It can't be that bad if other girls do 
it."
	She shook her head.
	"I'm sorry, honey.  I just can't!  Not tonight."  
She paused a moment.  "But, maybe.."
	"What?"
	"Well, there's another way, maybe..."
	I couldn't imagine what Sharon was talking about 
it.  We were young and very inexperienced.  I knew a lot 
of names for things, but they were only names.  I 
thought madly but couldn't come up with anything.  
Except...a friend had once told me what his older 
brother had done to him.  But...
	"I'm embarrassed" Sharon said, avoiding my eyes.
	"Tell me," I said.  "Anything!  It's okay, baby.  
Just tell me.  I don't know what you mean."
	"Well," she said, "have you ever heard of 
'cornholing?'"
	That was just what my friend had called it.  His 
brother had stuck his cock up his butt.  From what he 
said, I couldn't tell whether or not he had liked it.  
But his brother had, apparently.
	"I think so, maybe" I said, but I didn't want to 
say it.  What if I was wrong?  The thought of it was 
both strange and sexy.  On one hand, surely it was 
dirty, unsanitary, embarrassing.  On the other hand, the 
thought of pushing my prick into her, anywhere, was 
thrilling.  I tried to picture it, but couldn't.  But 
the thought sent chills through me.
	"It's like making love," Sharon said, "but you 
don't put it in my...pussy.  You put it in my...the 
backdoor."
	"In there?" I asked.  "Can you do that?  Doesn't it 
hurt?"
	"I don't know," Sharon said.  "I've never done it. 
But you know Janice Woodson?  She says she did it with 
her boyfriend, Jimmy.  She says it hurt at first, but 
then it was okay, and then more than okay.  She says 
it's better if you have a lot of lubrication.  Then it 
doesn't hurt so much at first.  She says that if you go 
slow, if your guy is considerate, that you can do it 
with no problem that way."
	"But..but...why?" I stuttered.
	"Because you can't get pregnant that way, silly.  
She says she and Jimmy just had to do something after a 
while, and that it was either this or make love, and she 
didn't want to do that either."  Sharon noticed that my 
erection was fading.  She bent over and worked on me 
with her mouth again.  Soon, I was fully hard again, not 
just firm but bending slightly backward in a banana 
shape.  God, I wanted to cum.  I wanted to put it in her 
and fuck her so bad.  Anyplace was okay with me.  If I 
couldn't screw her pussy, then I'd be only too happy to 
screw her ass.
	"So," Sharon asked, "what do you think?"
	"I guess it'd be okay," I said, "if you want to do 
it, baby."
	"I want to do something," she said.  "I want you to 
cum, honey.  I want to be your woman.  I'm not too sure 
about it, but I don't want to do it the regular way and 
I don't want you to cum in my mouth, so..."
	I was ready for anything.  "Okay," I said.  "Let's 
do it."  Immediately, I realized that I hadn't the 
slightest idea of how to proceed.  "But...how?"
	"Janice says they do it just like regular, except 
that he puts it in the lower hole," Sharon said.  "That 
way, it's just like they were making love, just safer."
	She stood up and began unfastening her blouse.  
When she had released the last button, she reached up 
between her breasts and found the hooks for her front-
closing bra.  She opened it and let the side fall loose.
	I had seen her tits before, but not like this.  
Sharon was open, brazen.  This was no furtive groping.  
She wanted me to look at her.  I was happy to oblige.
	"You like my tits?" she asked, knowing the answer.
	"They're gorgeous," I told her.  "You know I love 
to look at them.  Can I..." I reached out toward her 
chest.
	"Just a minute," Sharon said.  She dropped her 
hands to her waist, popped the button on her shorts, and 
slid down the zipper.  She turned around, sitting down 
on the sofa and sliding the shorts over her bottom at 
the same time.  Her bare butt brushed my thigh as she 
sat down and leaned back slightly, pulling her shorts 
off her legs.
	"There," she said.  "Now, let me lie down."
	I couldn't believe how open she was.  I shifted 
forward.  Sharon fell back, pulling her knees high to 
clear me, and stretched out behind me on the couch.
	"Come on," she said.  "Hug me."
	I stretched out beside her on the sofa.  My thigh 
slipped between her knees, and Sharon opened her legs to 
let me slide all the way up.  I felt her moist pussy and 
her wiry pussyhair against the top of my leg.  She 
hunched her cunt against my thigh.
	I put one arm around her and slid my other hand up 
to cup a breast.  Sharon was naked except for her socks 
and the open blouse and bra.  I could see and touch her 
everywhere.  My cock was hard as a rock, caught between 
our bodies, prodding her stomach.  She reached down and 
gripped it with her hand.
	We kissed and rubbed against each other.  I hadn't 
realized that she was so hot.  I guess sucking my cock 
had got to her, too.  When I moved my hand down to her 
pussy, it was the wettest I had ever felt, really juicy. 
I pushed a finger up into her, stroked my finger in and 
out.  I slipped it up to the top where she had showed me 
her clit was and fingered that little nub.  Sharon 
seemed to like that a lot.  She moaned deep in her 
throat and moved her hips back and forth, fucking 
herself on my thigh and my finger.
	"Jesus, honey," she said, "I'm glad we're finally 
gonna do something.  I get hot, too, you know.  I've 
wanted to do it with you, you know that.  Ever since 
Janice told me, I've been thinking about this.  Now I 
really want you to go ahead and do it."
	"How?" I asked, still having no idea how to 
proceed.
	"Well," Sharon said, "first you have to grease me 
up, and then do you, too."  She reached down beside the 
couch and got her purse.  "I've got some cold cream in 
here that should be okay."  She brought out a jar and 
opened it.  A sweet fragrance filled the air.  Sharon 
spread her legs wide, inviting me.
	"Go ahead," she said.  "Get some on your fingers 
and grease me up."
	I dug my fingers into the jar and scooped up a gob 
of cold cream.  Tentatively, I reached my hand down 
between her legs.  I could feel her pussy, warm and 
damp.  I moved my fingers down further, into the crack 
of her ass, and smeared the cold cream there.  I felt 
around with my fingers.  At first, I couldn't find it.  
Her butthole was closer to her cunt than I had realized.
	When I finally found the right place and touched 
the tightly clamped muscle, Sharon put her hand on my 
arm.
	"Go slow," she said.  "Janice says to go slow, and 
get it good and greasy.  And she says to use your finger 
to loosen me up and relax my butt muscle."
	I went back to the cold cream for more.  This time, 
I put my finger right on the spot.  Gently, gingerly, I 
began to push at the puckered opening, rolling my finger 
around teasingly, pushing slightly and then relaxing the 
pressure, spreading the cold cream all over the 
entrance.  Finally, I pushed a little harder and my 
finger slipped into her asshole.  Sharon sucked in her 
breath and her hand squeezed my arm, but it didn't seem 
to really hurt, just startle her.
	My finger was only about as far as the first joint 
into her butt.  I worked it around like she had said, 
rotating my wrist and gradually pushing against the 
tight muscle of her ass.  It was very tight at first, 
but as Sharon relaxed it got a little easier.  I pushed 
my finger in a little more, worked it around some, and 
then pushed still deeper.
	"How does it feel?" I asked her.   Sharon closed 
her eyes and rolled her hips a little.
	"It's good," she said.  "I didn't think it would 
be, but it feels good.  Not like my pussy, though.  But 
it's real sexy in a strange way.  I like it."
	Encouraged, I pushed my finger deeper into her 
butt.  It went all the way in, my hand spreading her 
cheeks to get it in deep.  Sharon gave a little moan and 
wriggled her butt, moving my finger around inside her.  
I began pushing my finger in and out, and she hunched on 
and off my finger, fucking it in and out of her asshole.
	"Oh, honey, I'm so hot for it," Sharon said.  "Come 
on, put some grease on you and let's do it."
	I did what she told me, scooping up more cold cream 
and (a little embarrassed to be touching myself in front 
of her) spread it onto my cock.  Anticipation was 
surging through me.  I rolled on top of her, keeping my 
pelvis pulled back so the grease wouldn't get on her 
stomach.  Sharon spread her legs to welcome me.
	After a few attempts, it was clear that my prick 
wasn't going to find its own way.  Shifting my weight 
onto one hand, I reached down between us and tried to 
guide it in.
	"No," said Sharon, "that's the wrong hole!  Lower!"
	I pulled back then tried again.  It seemed right to 
me, but Sharon pulled away again.  My cock seemed to be 
determined to get into her pussy.
	"Here," Sharon said, putting her hands behind her 
knees and lifting them up and out.  "Does that help?"
	I could see a little better.  This time I got my 
cock pointed at the right place.  I pushed forward and 
saw it slip down and under her.  I tried again, and this 
time it slipped up and almost dipped into her pussy.  
Her asshole was rejecting my cock.  It didn't want to 
let me in.
	"Damn," Sharon said.  "This is driving me crazy.  
Wait a minute."  Pushing her hands against me to hold me 
up, Sharon began to slide out from under me.  "Come on," 
she said.  "Get behind me."
	She slipped off the sofa and, turning her face 
toward it, laid her chest on the cushions.  Her butt 
stuck out invitingly.
	"Put it in from behind," Sharon said.  "I think 
it'll be easier this way.  Hurry.  I'm dying for it."
	Kneeling between her legs, I had a clear view of 
the target.  Her rosy, puckered asshole beckoned me.  
Below it was her glistening pussy, bright blood pink and 
wet.  Holding my prick in one hand, I moved forward 
until the head touched the tight circle of her hole.  I 
pushed forward and nothing happened.  I pressed a little 
harder and saw the tightly clenched opening spread a 
little.
	Sharon grunted but didn't try to move away.  I 
pushed harder and watched the head of my prick move into 
her asshole.  The sight and feel of it thrilled me 
incredibly.  I had never seen and never experienced 
anything like it.  The broad part of the head pushed 
into her butt.
	There seemed to be a band of muscle about half an 
inch wide guarding the entrance.  I felt my cock clear 
it with an inaudible pop.  Sharon winced and whimpered, 
and reached back with one hand to press against my 
thigh.
	"Wait," she said.  "Oh, God, Larry, wait a second. 
I've got to get used to it.  It's so big."
	I was happy to wait, for the moment.  From my 
position behind Sharon, I had a clear view of what was 
going on, and it was incredibly erotic.  My hands were 
spreading her asscheeks, holding them open so I could 
get in.  The head of my prick was buried in her asshole. 
I could feel her butt muscle clutching at me, squeezing 
my dick within her ass.  She groaned, and clenched her 
fists.
	"Does it hurt?" I asked.
	"A little," Sharon said.  "But mostly it just 
feels big.  About twice as big as it looks.  I can't 
believe you can get it in there."
	"It looks okay," I said, "like you're swallowing my 
dick with your butt."
	"Let me have a little more," Sharon said.  "Push it 
in slow.  I'll tell you when to stop."
	I pressed forward slowly.  It was fascinating 
watching my meat push deeper and deeper into her 
asshole.  Her butt muscle clung to my cock tightly, 
squeezing it steadily.  About half way in, Sharon 
stopped me again.
	"Jeez," she said.  "It feels like I gotta shit, but 
good!  If feels like I'm completely full down there, 
like there's no way anything more could get in.  I've 
never felt anything like this."
	Neither had I.  I rocked back and forth, working my 
prick in her asshole without going any deeper.  I moved 
back until just the head was still in her, then forward, 
sinking my cock into her butt again.
	"Are you ready for more?" I asked.
	"Yeh," she said.  "Go slow, though."
	I did.  Moving very slowly, I gradually pressed 
into her asshole, going deeper and deeper.  Sharon 
didn't stop me again.  She moaned once as I fed it to 
her, then again as I went deeper still.  But she held 
her butt firm, not trying to avoid me, not pushing back 
exactly but holding still and presenting a stable 
target.  I saw my cock disappear inside her butt, saw my 
pubic mound press into the space between her asscheeks, 
pushing them aside as I worked it all the way in.
	Somehow, I knew not to start fucking her right 
away.  Instead, I held my prick deep inside her, 
pressing forward, pushing it as far as it could reach up 
into her asshole.  Sharon seemed tentative at first, 
barely able to stand it.  Then she began to relax and 
accept the cock that was filling her back passage.  
Finally, she begin to push back against me, as if she 
wanted even more, but there was no more to give her.
	Instead, I pulled back, drawing my cock out again 
until only the head was still captured inside.  Then, a 
little faster this time, I steadily pushed it forward 
all the way into the depths of her asshole again.  
Sharon seemed to like that.  She moaned and waggled her 
butt.  She rolled her hips, working my prick inside her.
	"Is that better?" I asked.
	"A lot better," she said.  "You can fuck me now.  
Go ahead.  Sink it in me, baby.  Feed it to me.  Oh, I 
like it!  It feels so good in me, honey."
	I started pushing it to her with a little more 
authority, humping my hips forward and shoving my cock 
into her back channel all the way to the bottom, then 
drawing back quickly as far as I could without falling 
out of her asshole.  When I slammed forward again, my 
hips smacked into the cheeks of her ass with an audible 
slap.
	"Do you like it, baby?" Sharon asked.  "Does it 
feel good to fuck me?  Is this what you wanted?"
	"God, yes, it feels good," I told her.  "I can feel 
your ass squeezing my dick.  Squeeze it for me, baby.  
Fuck me, now.  I'm fucking you.  I've got my prick 
buried all the way in your ass.  It feels wonderful."
	"I like it to," she said.  "I thought I would be 
doing this just for you, but it's good for me, too.  Oh, 
fuck me, honey!  Push it into my ass.  Fuck my ass!"
	Sharon reached down between her legs and began to 
massage her clit.  She was panting now, and moaning each 
time I fucked into her ass.  She worked her hips around, 
rolling her pelvis around my cock.  She squeezed at it 
with her ass muscle, dragging on it each time I drew 
back, then relenting as I slammed my hips forward to 
bury my cock deep in her butt again.
	I was fucking her hard, now, whipping in and out of 
her asshole as fast and as hard as I could, slapping up 
against her asscheeks and jerking back only to slam 
forward again.  Sharon was shoving back to meet my cock 
as hard as I was shoving forward.  Her head was back, 
her teeth bared in a grimace of passion.
	"Oh, honey," she said, "I'm gonna cum.  I can't 
believe it!  It feels so good back there.  Oh, fuck me, 
baby.  Give me your cock.  Shove it up my ass, honey.  
Fuck my ass!"
	With a whimper, Sharon began to cum.  It quickly 
built up into the biggest release I'd ever seen her 
have.  She cried out, time after time, never pausing in 
her movements.  She shoved her butt back at me as if she 
couldn't get my cock deep enough into her.  Each time I 
pulled back, she jerked her hips around, shaking my 
prick around inside her.
	And then I was cumming, too, spurting it out in 
machine-gun bursts of long held back jism.  I grabbed 
her hips and slammed her back onto my cock time and 
again while shoving my cock into her asshole as hard and 
as deep as I could.
	"That's it, baby" Sharon cried.  "Cum in me, honey. 
Shoot your cum in my ass.  I want it.  Give it to me.  
Fuck me.  Fuck!"
	Finally, I could do no more.  I collapsed over her 
back, completely wrung out.  Both of us were panting, 
exhausted after our strenuous exercise.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
End of 'First Time In' by Titmouse.  
Story 06

Author's Note:

Pure fantasy.  There were several girls in high school with whom
I got close but never managed to actually persuade.  The first
person to mention 'cornholing' to me was actually a guy -- my
best friend at about 12 or 13.  He said his brother had done
it to him.  We jacked off together, but never did anything else.
Nearly 15 years later, a delightful lady introduced me to the
practice, which she and her high school boyfriend had used as
a method of birth control.

Wish I'd know somebody like that.

                          ---
I welcome your comments but hate spam.  Send messages to
NiteSweats@aol.com and put 'Titmouse' somewhere in the subject line.
Anything else will be deleted automatically.
