JUNGLE GYM

BY SADISTIC WRITER

"Amanda, Brianna, you both know I won't tolerate fighting amongst
the girls at my school. Over and over I've had to intervene to
pull the two of you apart."

The two young girls stared at the floor, their hair wild from
being pulled and rolling on the ground.

"Since it is clear to me that you both are prideful and neither
of you is willing to admit that you are not as good as the other
then I will cause this to be settled, my way."

***

The girls are brought to the playground, as are the others in the
class. No one knows what I have planned, but they all know about
the legendary hatred these two have for each other.

"Both of you think you are tougher than the other one, that you
can win through a show of strength. Since that's how you two have
so often chosen to struggle I'm going to put an end to the
struggle, here, in front of everyone. This will settle who is the
toughest. The result will be final."

I had their attention. I could see by the looks on their faces
that each felt she would win, no matter what I proposed.

"The stakes are this. The winner of this contest is the toughest
of the two of you. Since in the wild the toughest animal is the
alpha of their gender then the winner here will be the alpha. The
loser is the beta. The beta is relegated to being the servant of
the alpha. The loser of our contest will be the slave of the girl
who wins."

Their attention is now rapt. Each dreaming of the humiliation and
pain of the loser. "Remove your panties, girls."

A shocked gasp from the pair and their classmates. Here? Out of
doors?

"This contest will be over quickly if one of you fails to be out
of her panties in one minute!"

Little hands darting under plaid skirts. Tiny pairs of cotton
panties striking the ground within a heartbeat of each other.
Shoe-clad feet stepping on the cotton to extract feet from the
clinging hinderances.

"Now, both of you step over this low bar of the Jungle Gym."

They took up position, facing each other. Without explaining I
put one at each end of the four foot section of galvanized steel
pipe. The pipe was only a little below their hips as they stood
over it. The vertical parts of the bars on either side would
serve my purpose. I brought their hands behind them, and around a
vertical support. I had brought out a length of cord with me and
I bound their wrists so that each one was tied with her arms
behind her back, on the other side of a support.

I then went from one to the other, pulling up the girls' skirts,
revealing their naked hips.

"This contest is simple. On my mark you will both lower your
weight to the bar, lean forward and place your lips against your
opponent's lips. You will have both feet off the ground, all of
your weight on the bar. The first one to put even one foot on the
ground looses and will be the slave of the other girl."

A shocked gasp. All of the girls present realized where this
position would place the steel bar. With the skirts up, hairless
clefts revealed, there was no doubt.

"Ready! Get set! GO!"

Two sets of hips went down on the bar, then bodies leaned toward
one another. Hatred in eyes suddenly so close to one another as
lips were met with lips.

Their weight forward of their body, each girl was putting pudenda
to the metal with their weight bearing down in a concentrated
way. Each of their bound arms were stretched behind them, still
tied around the vertical support behind them. They curled their
legs up under their bodies, high, seeking to keep them from the
ground.

Soft lip pressed to soft lip. Heads twisted slightly to bring
their lips together they were soon suppressing grunts of pain.
Each one breathing in the exhalation of her most bitter rival.

The moans were quick to follow. Tight lipped at first, the two
wouldn't open her mouth to cry out. Tiny bodies shuddering at the
strain of taking the pain, fierce determination still burning in
the eyes that looked into the face of mutual opponents.

Then the pain began to show on their sweating faces. Pain and
fear. Fear of losing replaced determination to win as the lips
began to part.

Open mouth pressed tight to open mouth as each watched the other,
afraid of losing, each heart beat a burning eternity of
tremendous, intimate pain.

Amanda and Brianna were stuck, open mouth pressed to open mouth.
The desperate eyes of one went to the desperate eyes of her
opponent. With cooperation they may have had a chance to recover,
to close their mouths, but there was no trust between them.

There was opportunity, though. I don't know who started it. I
couldn't see inside their mouths and they needed to keep them
pressed together to help maintain balance in their bound
position. I heard a whimpered gasp from one of them. I moved
closer. I could see their jaws moving.

A renewed effort was brought up in each girl as she sought to get
the upper hand in this struggle. Not against the painful
position, but against her rival, determined to make the other
give up the struggle. They were wrestling, tongue against tongue.

Though I couldn't see the tongues as they waged a wet, miniature
wrestling match for dominance but I could see the expressions of
the two girls as they drew upon their last resources to try and
force the other girl to quit. Amanda whimpered next, eyes
watering. I supposed Brianna's tongue was trying to go deep. She
had to match her rival and I heard Brianna snort. Her own throat
was no better protected than Amanda's.

I knelt by the jungle gym's lower bar. From here I could inspect
the real war, the battle waged between the irresistible force of
gravity and the irresistible flesh between each girl's thighs. I
was anything but an immovable object as I observed them.

I'd had something of a view before the contest began. Neither
girl had even a strand of peach fuzz to mar the smooth mound and
lips of her cleft. The little peach of Amanda had been more plump
while Brianna's had shed a hint of her inner lips. Now I could
see a different side of both girls.

Because I'd had them lift their legs from the ground the outer
lips of both girls had parted as they sat. I didn't have the best
view because they were made to lean forward, but there was more
than a hint of the tiny arroyo showing. The pale, silky-smooth
flesh of Amanda's plump little cunt had split to reveal the
warmer pink of her inner folds. I could just make out the lump of
her clit hood as she struggled above, tongue-to tongue with
Brianna. Brianna's skinnier pussy lips had split more and her
inner lips were very evident now. I noticed her thighs trembling
as she fought to tongue Amanda into submission. The inner pink
was lighter in color than Amanda's, from what I could see.

I rose up again, seeing both girls twisting their heads a bit.
They were using attempting to use the angle of their heads to
give assistance to their tongues. If I didn't know these girls
were the bitterest of rivals I would have surmised they were the
most intimate of lovers.

Brianna's feet came down first. They shot down to the ground,
lifting her little cunt from the unforgiving, cold metal bar that
had been grinding into her girl cleft. I clicked off my stopwatch
inside my pocket (97 seconds, I found out later).

Tears poured down her face as she dragged in deep, heaving
breaths. "She BIDTH my THONGUE!" Brianna stuck out the wet little
target of Amanda's teeth to show her injury. Sure enough I could
see tooth imprints.

Amanda rose up, her face sweat and tear-streaked, legs shaky as
she got her own cunt free of the crushing force. "So what? I
won!"

Both would have started swinging if they weren't both still bound
with their arms wrapped around upright bars on either side.

"You admit to using your teeth, Amanda?" I asked. She switched
from glaring and struggling to tear into her opponent to looking
up at me, suddenly sheepish. "Yes."

"Well, girls, I didn't rule out the use of teeth, however it was
supposed to be a contest of who was toughest."

"I won! I should get to have her as my slave!"

"Nuh-uh! You're a cheather!" Brianna said, still nursing her
bitten tongue.

"GIRLS! SILENCE!" I said. "I'm the judge of this event and I rule
that there was a partial victory. Amanda lasted the longest, so
Brianna will be her slave, however I'm going to severely limit
the term of this service. At the end Brianna will get a chance to
challenge Amanda to a contest I devise, and this time I will
formulate rules that exclude cheating!"

"Ith's noth fair!" Brianna said, beginning to sob.

"You'll get your chance to show you are toughest again, if you
want to challenge Amanda at the end of being her slave. If you
dare disobey her in any way during that time, though, you lose
the right to challenge her. I won't make you stay her slave but I
will punish you alone for any fighting that takes place after
this. Am I clear?"

The girls acknowledged the decision. I untied them and let the
rest of the class return to the class room while I took charge of
the two combatants.

Amanda exercised her dominance over Brianna as I led them back to
my office. She lowered her own skirt while making Brianna keep
hers tucked up, revealing her naked hips. She also had her carry
both of their discarded panties, using her teeth.

