JENNY

By Tommy

Part 8
 
John Woolsey kicked the wastepaper basket across his office and glared 
at the collection of police officers through the large window spanning 
half the wall.
 
"Shit shit shit!" He banged his hand on the large desk. "The bastard! 
Where is he?"
 
He stared at the telephone. His ear still glowed from the long lecture 
he'd just received from his chief constable. 
 
"Just like all the others" he muttered to the sergeant, leaning against 
the wall as if dazed.
 
"The bastard!"
 
He checked the notes hastily scribbled during the telephone 
conversation. The chief constable was definitely not very happy!
 
"So after almost four months, Jenny Simpson finally turns up only half 
a mile from the same bloody beach she disappeared from." He punched his 
fist into his palm. "The bastard is making fun of us! Who the hell is 
he?"
 
He ran his finger down the notes. According to their records, no other 
girl had been kidnapped and held as long as this. All the others had 
returned after only a few months. Four months was setting a record! Of 
course it was the same man! Had to be. Just like all the others, Jenny 
had been found wandering aimlessly along the road in the same clothes 
she'd disappeared in, physically okay but her mind a complete mess. 
 
"The doctors say she'll need at least a month before she can talk" he 
said. "Totally screwed up. Enough drugs in her to feed half the junkies 
in London! Poor girl didn't even know her own name." He paused. "They 
reckon that she'll make a full recovery in time but it's unlikely that 
her memory will be reliable."
 
He kicked the wall. "Shit! Just like the others!"
 
The office door opened and a young policeman rushed in clutching a 
piece of paper. "You won't believe this sir! Another one! It's."
 
John Woolsey swayed and shut his eyes. No! This was a dream! Had to be! 
Please
 
The words cut into him. "A young black girl this time. Almost the same 
age sir! Thirteen years old. Noa Jakande disappeared three days ago. 
Mother thought she was having a sleepover with a friend so didn't 
report it till now. Sir? Sorrysir?"
 
John clutched his head in his hands. This wasn't happening! No way! 
Please! He imagined the effect on the chief constable. A string of 
girls go missing. Now? Why did the bastard have to pick on one of the 
ethnic minority? Oh shitShit!
 
A boat's horn sounded from the bay and he looked out of the window. 
"We've got over a hundred local police in Holland, Belgium and France 
on the case now. The bastard is bringing a boat over from there. Must 
be. I'll find him! I swear I'll find him!
 
His eyes narrowed and he peered over the vast expanse of the north sea 
stretching into the distance, blissfully unaware of the fact that not 
only was he looking in the wrong direction, but it was exactly one 
hundred and eighty degrees in the wrong direction!
 
******
 
"Daddy look! He's eating out of my hand. Look Daddy!"
 
Tom leant back in the old wooden garden seat and smiled at Louise, busy 
feeding his small terrier some scraps from the kitchen.
 
Overhead, the sun shone in a perfectly blue sky. The garden behind his 
house looked down over miles of farmland. Not a person in sight. 
 
Tom yawned. Of course the house was secure enough. It was well back 
from the small country road, away from any other dwellings, and a 
series of tall fences, trees and locked gates made it impossible for 
anyone to approach the house without first ringing the bell at the main 
gate. Though his terrier and two dobermans would no doubt provide ample 
warning long before anyone actually pressed the bell. Even if someone 
did attempt entry, a succession of concealed infra-red sensors, camera 
and window alarms provided additional security. 
 
"It tickles. Oh Timmy, you've eaten everything, you greedy doggy. Look 
Daddy!"
 
Tom nodded and laughed. "Timmy likes you, doesn't he?"
 
He watched the young girl hug the dog and scratch his belly. Such a 
pretty girl!
 
The decision to allow Louise out of the underground rooms for short 
periods had been an easy one to make. The drugs he'd used had been 
quite phenomenal. Not only one hundred percent obedient, the girl 
displayed a remarkable openness to any suggestion he made, no matter 
how bizarre. 
 
"Tell you what Louise. I'll let you off your chain for a minute and you 
can let him chase you, okay?"
 
Louise seemed to think for a few seconds. "Wellokay Daddy, but only 
for a few minutes."
 
He shook his head in amazement. It had been his insistence, the first 
time he brought her outside, that he should keep her on a thin chain, 
attached to a soft collar round her neck. She had accepted without a 
murmur to the extent that she appeared to feel uneasy coming outside 
without it.
 
"I think we can take these off as well" said Tom, quickly slipping her 
skirt and blouse off. "The sun will do your skin good."
 
Louise nodded and ran naked down the garden, calling the dog after her. 
Tom sighed and moaned quietly as his cock stirred in his trousers. 
Shit, she was so sexy! He watched the girl jumping and laughing while 
the dog followed, occasionally stopping while she rubbed his ears. He 
shrugged. Next time, he'd keep her naked all the time. To be honest, it 
had only been the worry of somebody appearing in the far distance that 
had made him keep her in skirt and blouse, but maybe he was being too 
careful.
 
After three or four minutes she ran back and threw her arms round his 
neck, giggling. "Daddy, he's so funny. He can run faster than me and"
 
Tom tousled her hair and kissed her. "Okay, okay."
 
He felt the dog jump up against his leg. Louise looked down. "What's 
Timmy doing Daddy? Why's he rubbing himself on your leg like that?"
 
Tom pushed the dog down and laughed. "He's just getting excited 
darling. He's a boy dog and boy dogs do this sometime."
 
Louise crouched down. "Is that why his willy has gone longer Daddy? 
Look Daddy!"
 
"Okay, I know." Tom shook his head. "There aren't any girl dogs around 
so when he gets excited, he tries to have some fun with something 
else."
 
He saw the girl frown for a second then turn to him. "You mean he wants 
to make cream come out and be happy?"
 
Tom thought for a moment. "Yes, I suppose so."
 
"Poor Timmy" she said sadly. To Tom's surprise, she suddenly slid her 
hand into his lap and stroked the outline of his cock showing through 
his trousers. "You've got me haven't you Daddy. Poor Timmy hasn't got 
anybody to make his cream come out."
 
She crouched down on all fours, stuck her bottom out and laughed. "Look 
Daddy. I'm like a little girl dog!"
 
The dog immediately stuck his wet nose between her soft white thighs 
and sniffed excitedly. A long wet tongue licked her pussy and she 
giggled. "Daddy, look! He wants to have sex! Look Daddy!"
 
Tom grimaced. Despite what he'd put her through over the last few 
months, he hated to hear a young girl speak like this. He kicked Timmy 
away and pulled the girl to her feet, attaching the chain to her 
collar.
 
"That's enough!" he barked angrily. 
 
"But Daddy, I want"
 
 
A look from Tom and the girl fell silent. She sighed and jumped up on 
his lap, throwing her arms round his neck. Tom knew exactly what was 
going through her mind. She had started to talk back to him, only for a 
second, but enough to deserve punishment. He felt her wriggle her 
bottom, no doubt in anticipation of what was to come.
 
"Sorry Daddy."
 
She spoke very quietly and kissed his cheek, a worried yet resigned 
look in her eyes. 
 
Tom felt his cock grow harder and shifted position. He gave her a 
squeeze and sighed. 
 
"So Louise, what do you deserve?"
 
Her attitude to receiving punishment never ceased to amaze him. Despite 
the pain and tears that would surely follow, her conditioning had made 
her not only accept her regular punishments without question but even 
enjoy them in some weird and wonderful masochistic way. To the extent 
that, Tom having only recently noticed, he was able to make her orgasm 
quite easily, while actually being punished. He knew that she would be 
totally honest with him.
 
"I I suppose the cane, Daddy."
 
"How many strokes?"
 
Louise swallowed. She got spanked at least once a day and paddled or 
slippered every other day, but she had talked back to her daddy and 
 
She'd had a hard caning the week before and remembered the pain. But
 
"Twelve Daddy?" 
 
Tom grinned. "You probably do deserve twelve, but I think that six will 
be enough." He gave her another squeeze. "But with the new cane I got 
last week!"
 
He chuckled. Yes, it would be exquisitely painful and her bottom would 
be a mass of dark swollen weals, but provided he put plenty of his 
special steroid cream on immediately afterwards, the skin would be back 
to normal within two days at the most. He scratched his head. How much 
did he have left? Hmm, must order some more tubes in a month or two. 
Amazing stuff! Anti-coagulants to stop bruising, tissue enhancers to 
speed up healing and a local anaesthetic to dull the pain. Cost a 
fortune, but worth every penny!
 
Louise nuzzled his neck happily. The six strokes would hurt a lot! But 
the thought of what he'd do afterwards made her blissfully happy. The 
same as he almost always did after a caning. His fingers would rub 
cream over the red marks and the pain would slowly disappear to be 
replaced with quite different sensations as his fingers reached up 
between her legs, seeking out that little bump in her pussy that would 
send electricity coursing through her body.
 
She suddenly remembered something and looked puzzled. "Daddy, when are 
you going to show me the new girl? You said in a few days."
 
Tom nodded. "Yes darling, I know, but you'll have to wait just a bit 
longer. Maybe tomorrow or the day after. Then you can help me train 
her, hmm?"
 
He closed his eyes and thought of his new acquisition, currently locked 
in the room that had previously held Jenny. 
 
"Is she like Jenny? I didn't like Jenny. I'm glad she's gone."
 
Tom grinned. Louise had never tried to hide her jealousy.
 
"Actually, she's quite different. Too different in fact!"
 
He closed his eyes for a second. Perhaps he should have kept Jenny for 
longer? No, it had been time for a change! Was he doing the right thing 
though? What was her name? Noa! He'd been surprised to find that she 
was thirteen. From her height he'd judged her to be a bit younger. He'd 
realized the truth of course when he'd read some of her schoolbooks 
that had been in her backpack. Oh and of course, a bit later when he'd 
examined and questioned her in more detail!
 
It was the first time he'd ever taken a black girl. That had been on 
the spur of the moment and besides, it excited him. What had surprised 
him though had been the discovery that the girl had not only started 
her periods, but also possessed an impressive pair of breasts for her 
age, certainly larger and firmer than Jenny's two small mounds. Those 
and a very prominent behind had fascinated him.
 
What he most definitely had not liked had been the wisps of pubic hair 
the girl was already sporting. He hated hair down 'there'. As far as he 
was concerned, a girl's pussy should be perfectly smooth! However, the 
small amount of hair had been removed fast and easily with a cream he'd 
picked up in a pharmacy yesterday. Her pussy was now as smooth as 
Louise's. 
 
Louise yawned. "Is she better than Jenny? I hope so."
 
Tom looked at Louise and nodded. "Well, I don't know. That depends on 
how easy she'll be to train." He paused. "To be honest, I thought she'd 
be ready to start by now but she's being a bit difficult."
 
He frowned and then moaned quietly as Louise ran her small fingers over 
his bulge. It was true. Normally it took only a few days before the 
girls realized their predicament and started to become more 
cooperative. Jenny had been quite easy, though hadn't he used rather a 
lot of drugs? Yes, maybe too much. With this new one he'd decided to 
keep the drug dosage to an absolute minimum. It was more fun this way. 
Just enough to keep her from getting hysterical yet not enough to make 
her too docile.
 
"Oh, is she being naughty?" Louise's fingers were slowly pulling down 
his trouser zip.
 
"I suppose you could say that" said Tom. "But I think she'll be okay in 
a day or so."
 
Louise slipped her hand inside Tom's trousers and teased his balls. 
"But Daddy, are you whipping her hard enough? You know that girls need 
to be whipped really hard! Maybe you should try whipping her titties 
and her pussy as well. You remember how Jenny hated having her pussy 
whipped. She used to scream so loud!" She gently squeezed his penis and 
glanced at him shyly. "I don't cry as loud as Jenny when you whip my 
pussy, do I daddy? I know I deserve it!"
 
'You certainly do young lady" grunted Tom. "and next time I find you 
touching your pussy, it'll get another whipping! The only time your 
fingers go near it is after you've used the bathroom- remember?" 
 
The girl's fingertips continued their exploration and he closed his 
eyes for a second. The rules were strict, but in his opinion, quite 
fair. Her careful conditioning had drastically increased her sexual 
urges and he found her constant frustration delightfully entertaining. 
True, a few times a week he did allow her to have a 'cummy' either 
after a particularly severe punishment or reward for good behaviour. As 
a general rule, he only had to brush her small clitoris very lightly 
with his finger and, after finally granting her permission to have a 
cummy, she would start writhing and squealing within seconds. Her 
orgasms were so intense and lasted so long that he felt rather jealous. 
 
She knew very well that her pussy belonged to him and it was totally 
forbidden for her to touch herself there, but occasionally her 
overpowering frustration became too strong. Her conditioning was such 
that, on having transgressed, she would immediately confess all in 
floods of tears and even bring the thin leather 'pussy' strap to him 
without being asked. 
 
"Yes Daddy" she replied, shuddering slightly as she remembered her last 
pussy whipping. If it was just a simple matter of briefly touching 
herself he generally gave her only six lashes. Last time however, she'd 
actually given herself a cummy and had to lie with her legs apart and 
over her head while he lashed her pussy and inner thighs twenty times. 
Even with that special cream that took the pain away, her pussy had 
still been sore for almost a week!
 
"Sorry Daddy. I won't do it again, promise!" 
 
Tom laughed and then moaned as her tiny fingers eased his aching 
erection free of his underpants. "Okay, okay. You're absolutely right" 
he replied watching her tongue teasing the tip of his cock. Oh shit. So 
nice!
 
Louise looked up cheekily, licked her lips and raised her eyebrows 
questioningly. Tom laughed. As usual, she'd wait to see if he wanted to 
use one of her other 'holes'. He paused and thought for a second. The 
rule was that three times a day she made him come into her mouth, pussy 
or bottom. 
 
"Okay Louise. Go on like this. You can have some cream, then straight 
to the schoolroom and get that naughty bottom of yours all ready for 
the cane. Okay?"
 
Louise sighed with pleasure and slid her lips over the tip of his 
throbbing cock. The procedure was always the same. Whenever she was to 
be caned, darling daddy liked her to wear her school uniform and stand 
in the corner till he arrived. Then the short lecture about obedience 
and the order to remove her skirt and knickers while he selected a cane 
from the cupboard. She knew the exact position he liked her in for a 
caning, bent across a small chair, head and chest down, back curved 
upwards and bottom thrust provocatively up as far as she could and legs 
open just wide enough for him to tease her pussy between each stroke. 
As usual she'd have to use all her willpower not to have a cummy when 
he did this and risk getting her pussy whipped as well for not asking 
permission first.
 
She squeezed her lips hard, anxious not to lose a single drop of the 
delicious cream when it came. Daddy didn't allow that! The rule very 
simple. Daddy's cream had to go only inside her and not one tiny drop 
lost. Not just her mouth, but her other holes as well. She flicked her 
tongue playfully over the swollen glans. She knew exactly what her 
daddy liked! She thought happily of the cummy waiting for her after the 
caning, then remembered the new girl. Not fair! She'd have to start 
sharing her daddy's cream again! 

******
 
Noa hugged her legs to her chest. Her eyes closed, she rocked herself 
back and forth, quietly humming one of the Jamaican lullabies her 
mother had sung to her years ago. Her stomach grumbled ferociously but 
she tried to ignore the growing hunger pangs. The man had been angry. 
No food for twenty four hours! Why was he doing this to her? Why didn't 
he just let her go?
 
She looked across to the large bed just out of reach. At least she'd 
managed to stretch out and pull one of the sheets off and wrap it 
around her. Why had the man chained her to the wall here between the 
desk and the bathroom? The chain attached to her collar was fixed to a 
hook high up on the wall and was just long enough for her to use the 
toilet and sink in the bathroom. Shorter chains on her wrists were also 
attached to her collar, keeping her hands just above her navel and just 
long enough to allow her to scoop water from the taps. Chains on her 
ankles allowed her to walk only with short faltering steps.
 
She felt tears start again and fought to control them. Over the past 
three days, she'd cried so much. What was the point of more tears? 
 
What had happened? She remembered a pain in her head as she'd been 
walking home from school. Waking up, a boat? Yes, the smell of seaweed, 
sound of waves. Then sleep again. Feeling sick, so sick!
 
Then this room. Waking up, her school uniform wet from the salty water. 
The man. Hardly hearing what he was saying. Trying to run but the 
chains stopping her. He'd warned her. She didn't care. She wasn't 
scared, was she? Nobody was going to treat her like that. She was 
strong!
 
She couldn't remember when the man had lost his temper; she was too 
busy trying to pull the chains off her wrists. She'd hardly noticed the 
thick black whip hanging on his belt or the metal rod in his hand that 
crackled and sparked. 
 
The lashes had fallen on her thighs, back and buttocks. The metal rod 
had touched her between the legs and two thousand volts had made her 
private parts erupt in agony. She remembered screaming and the man 
stopping while he took off the chains. 
 
Initial relief had turned to terror as his strong hands had removed 
first her smart green skirt and blouse, then her white knickers. Within 
seconds, the chains had been put back on.
 
The whipping and electric shocks had continued for what seemed like 
ages. Then he'd left her.
 
What had happened afterwards? More explanations and warnings. Despite 
the throbbing from her bruised and swollen flesh, she'd sworn and spat 
at him, using language she'd never dreamt of ever using before. She'd 
show him!
 
When he released her from the wall and led her naked out of the room, 
she assumed he was releasing her. Faint feelings of elation quickly 
sank as she found herself in a darker and larger room. Her hands pulled 
above her head and the chain passed through a hook in the ceiling. 
Then... then the awful.. terrible pain as he'd whipped her again, 
occasionally touching parts of her body with his electric rod. The 
feeling of horror and embarrassment as he'd touched her.. down there! 
The stuff from a small bottle that he'd put all over her private part. 
It had stung so much! Something to do with getting rid of her hairs. 
Isn't that what he'd said?
 
Then back to the room. A drink. Feeling drowsy. Sleep.
 
More talking. Threats of keeping her for years till she agreed to obey. 
Her brain felt so heavy. Couldn't understand most of it. 
 
Now she was hungry. Desperately hungry! Okay, okay! She'd do anything! 
Just wanted to go home. So hungry! 
 
She hugged her knees hard and tried to pull the sheet right round her. 
The man had refused to give her any of her clothes back and she felt 
cold.
 
The door opened and she froze.
 
"Stand up!" The words were quiet but said in a tone that expected no 
argument.
 
Shivering slightly, Noa hauled herself to her feet, one hand gripping 
the bedsheet.
 
Tom yawned and checked his watch. It was hours since he'd caned Louise. 
He remembered the look on her face afterwards, when he announced she 
wouldn't be having a cummy. Poor girl! He felt a bit sorry for her, but 
he did enjoy her frustration! Of course he had his reasons. No doubt 
she'd try extra hard to please him later.
 
"Listen carefully Noa!" He stared at the frightened girl and lowered 
his voice. "You have a choice. Either you decide here and now to be a 
good obedient little slave girl.." He enjoyed the look of shock on her 
face. ".. or you don't eat for another two days." He paused and 
grinned. "Then we start the electric shocks again, but much, much 
worse! It's up to you." He waited. "Well?"
 
Noa felt drained of energy. She blinked and felt tears starting again. 
 
"Will you let me go ?" She swallowed nervously.
 
Tom shook his head. "First of all, you are always very, very polite 
when you speak to me and always say 'sir'. This is the last time I tell 
you, or..." He tapped the whip on his  belt. "Now repeat the question!"
 
Noa bit her lip. "Please sir, will you let me go...sir?"
 
"Good girl. The answer is yes, I will let you go. You're not the first 
girl here, and you won't be the last. As I already explained, I train 
girls to be slaves, then use them for photos and make videos.  So you 
will go home, just like all the other girls.  However, it won't be for 
at least two weeks." He allowed this to sink in. "If you annoy me, I 
simply add more days on. So Noa, if you're a clever girl, you'll 
realise that you have to be very, very good!"
 
Noa nodded her head. "Yes sir, anything. I mean....I mean..."
 
"Yeah, I guess you're hungry." He laughed and took something out of a 
bag he'd brought in. "Ham sandwiches, cheese, sausages, oranges, juice, 
chocolate..."
 
Noa gazed at the packages longingly, her tummy making loud gurgling 
noises.
 
"So Noa, can I trust you completely if I take the chains off?"
 
He watched the girl carefully. "Because if you lie to me, I'll be 
extremely angry."
 
"Yes sir, I promise."
 
"Oh good girl." Tom held up a sandwich and held it close to her. She 
licked her lips and looked at it greedily. 
 
He put it back in the bag. "First a little test, hmm? If you show me 
that you're completely obedient, then you eat."
 
Noa stood still while he unclipped the chain attached to the wall, her 
eyes on the bag containing the food. 
 
Tom took the bedsheet from her and shook his head. "You don't need 
this. Besides, I want to see your pussy and titties."
 
The words left her reeling with shock. Despite her dark skin, Tom saw a 
definite red tinge on her face. 
 
"The test is very simple" he explained quietly. "I will ask three 
questions and you will reply 'You sir'. Is that clear?"
 
Noa nodded, desperate to get her hands on the food. Her stomach hurt so 
much. "Yes sir."
 
"Good. Here are the questions." He ran his hand gently over the girl's 
short curly hair. "Who do you belong to?"
 
Noa swallowed. "You sir."
 
"Good." He smiled and flicked her left nipple playfully, then took her 
breasts in his hands. The girl gasped and looked at him in terror. "Who 
do your titties belong to?"
 
"I...I mean...you sir." Noa blinked and tried not to cry. Please let 
him stop!
 
"Okay." Tom grinned and looked down. He saw the girl look down as well 
and chuckled at the look on her face. She knew what was coming.
 
"Please sir...I..." She squealed and writhed as a hand grabbed her just 
there and...
 
"Tell me Noa, who does this pussy belong to?" He waited for her to stop 
wriggling. "Well?"
 
"You sir!" Noa burst into tears and closed her eyes, wishing that it 
were all a dream.
 
"Are you sure Noa?"
 
She nodded and sniffed loudly. Please make him stop! "Yes sir."
 
"Good girl." He ran his finger up and down between her pussy lips. Her 
little clitoris reacted to his touch and he felt it harden. The girl 
gasped and he teased it a bit more. "Oh dear Noa, I think you liked 
that! We'll have to have a closer look at your pussy later, hmm?"
 
"I'll remove the other chains later." he said. He put the contents of 
the bag on the table. "I'll give you three minutes to eat, then you 
have a shower." He wrinkled his nose. "You stink!"
 
Noa grabbed the sandwiches and crammed them into her mouth, 
occasionally drinking from the bottle of juice. Tom watched her 
carefully. Not quite as pretty as Jenny had been but better 
proportioned. The girl clearly did plenty of sport. Her thick lips and 
wide nose were typical for her race as were her large buttocks. He 
could see that the marks left by the whip had completely disappeared.
 
"I think that's enough" he said after the three minutes were up. "Time 
for your shower."
 
Noa felt the man's hand on her collar and froze. He unclipped the chain 
that had been hooked on the wall, then removed the chain from her 
ankles, but left her wrists still chained to her collar.
 
The young girl felt tears run down her cheeks. Please!
 
She looked up him, tears in her eyes. "But you said you'd take the 
chains off...sir."
 
Tom shrugged his shoulders. "I will, but not yet."
 
He pushed her gently into the bathroom and nodded at the toilet. "Use 
the loo first!"
 
Noa looked at him in horror, then saw his hand touch the handle of the 
whip. Tom waited patiently for her to finish and turned on the shower. 
"Come on then!"
 
He lifted her into the bath, grunting at her weight. "Under the water! 
Come on. It's not too hot."
 
The warm water felt so good and for a few seconds, Noa forgot 
everything except the marvellous feeling of days of sweat, grime and 
dried salt being washed away. 
 
Suddenly she felt the man's hand on her hair and froze.
 
"Close your eyes Noa!  I need to use plenty of shampoo."
 
Tom washed the girl's hair and cleaned her face and ears with a 
flannel.  Noa felt his soapy hands moving all over her and bit her lip.  
Why was he doing this?  So disgusting!
 
"One thing you have to understand Noa, is that only I am allowed to 
wash you here!"
 
Noa squealed as his large hand rubbed soap all over her pussy.  Tom 
laughed and ran his finger deeper between her pussy lips, enjoying the 
way she wriggled.  
 
"You will not touch your pussy at all.  Never!  Well, perhaps for a 
second after using the toilet, but if I ever see your hands anywhere 
near it, you'll be punished.  Very severely!"
 
Tom gently turned the terrified girl round and patted her back.  "Legs 
apart!  Lean forward, hands on knees, come on!"
 
She felt his hands all over her bottom, occasionally delving deeper 
between her thighs.  His fingers moved deeper between her buttocks and 
she looked round, her expression a mixture of terror and disgust.
 
"Keep still Noa!"  Tom ran his soapy finger over the girl's tight 
little anus.  "Relax your buttocks please.  I have to wash you 
properly, and that means inside your bottom as well."
 
This wasn't happening!  Noa screwed up her face and felt salty tears 
running into her mouth.  The man was actually pushing his finger inside 
her bottom!  
 
"Hmm, tight little one, aren't you" muttered Tom. "Not to worry, we'll 
soon sort that out!"
 
He removed his finger and rinsed her all over with the shower head.  
"Okay, all done."
 
Noa felt the man's strong hands on her sides and was lifted out of the 
bath.  She sobbed quietly while he dried her, her face a picture of 
misery.
 
Tom knelt down and smiled.  "Hey little one, don't look so sad.  It's 
not that bad."  He hugged her gently and kissed her lips.  "You're a 
very sexy little girl, you know?"
 
Noa felt his arms around her and shivered.  Why, oh why did he have to 
choose her?  Couldn't she just go home?  She looked at the chains round 
her wrists and sniffed.  "Pleaseplease can you take these off . 
Please sir?"
 
Tom nodded.  "Okay Noa, but you have to promise me that you'll be a 
good girl and do everything I say.  Okay?"
 
Noa sniffed again.  "Yes sir.  Promise!"
 
"Because if you make me angry, I'll have to put you back in chains and 
take you to the dungeon again, okay?"
 
The girl shivered, remembering how he'd hurt her.  "Yes sir."
 
"Okay then."  Tom removed the straps around the girl's wrists and then 
the collar.  Noa rubbed her wrists where the straps had made the skin 
sore.
 
"Just remember to keep your hands by your sides, okay?"  Tom kissed her 
cheek and then hugged her again.  He sighed.  Really, maybe it would 
have been easier to keep her more heavily drugged.  But no.  Too easy!  
He rather looked forward to the challenge.
 
Noa nodded, trying to avoid looking at the man's eyes.  She felt the 
tears start again.  How could he keep her naked like this?  Just wasn't 
right!
 
"You know something Noa?"  Tom kissed her again and patted her large 
bottom.  "I think that maybe you need a bit of exercise now, hmm?  I've 
got a nice gym just down the corridor."
 
He straightened up and tousled her hair.  "Okay then, your training 
starts right now. I want complete obedience.  Come on!"
 
He took her small hand and led her out of the door, watching her 
carefully.  Not that she could possibly escape.  Two well locked doors 
separated them from the outside world, but he really didn't want to 
waste any more time.  To his relief, she didn't even look round her, 
but meekly walked with him to the large well equipped gym.
 
"I think a good thirty minutes on the bicycle to begin with" he said, 
showing her the various pieces of equipment.  "Then a good long run and 
some simple weights, hmm?"
 
Noa nervously mounted the carefully modified exercise bike and Tom 
watched as, like Jenny before her, she was forced to rest her thighs on 
a thin metal bar in place of the saddle, her pert buttocks thrust 
provocatively out behind her.
 
Tom enjoyed the sight for a few seconds, then walked to the far end of 
the gym.  Noa saw him return, something that looked like a table tennis 
bat in his hand.  What?
 
She felt the bat tap her bottom and saw the man grinning.
 
"I think we may as well start working on your pain threshold now" he 
said, tapping her bottom a little harder.  "Whatever happens, I don't 
want you to slow down, okay?  Right, all ready?"
 
Noa hadn't a clue what he meant, but as the sharp slaps reverberated 
round the gym, she realized she had a long learning curve ahead!

