KIMBERLY'S HELP

BY LESLIE MORGAN

Part 1

Barbara Miller of Sudanese descent lived with her dughter Pamela
age twelve in London England. Her husband who tended to
overindulge Pamela just recently was killed in an auto accident.
Pamela was frequently in serious trouble and a bully at every
oppurtunity. Mrs Miller was a fairly successful writer and
decided to move back to the Sudan to stay with her sister Joan.
Barbara was shocked to hear Pamela telling her mother's next
store neighbor that she thought very little of that father of
hers or his poor choice of a wife from a backward brutal third
world country. Pamela then looked at Barbara telling her that I
can now get away with anything claiming emotional trauma from my
father's death. Barbara took her aside and asked how she can
speak so lowly of him and her after what just happened. Pamela
responded that getting away with all types of mis--conduct was
easy and went on to state all the things her mother or father had
done under their noses and then said you cannot stop me from
doing whatever I want. Pamela went back to the room the neighbor
was in telling her and her husband to pity her mother because she
is such a fool. Pamela then walked out of the apartment saying
I'll be back in a week after school is over for the year and you
might need more money from the bank because I took the six
hundred dollars from your purse and then ran off. The neighbor
said I was trying to tell you for three years all of the things
she was doing but you refused to listen. Barbara was always very
concerned about Pams lack of school performance feeling it very
important.

Eleven days later, Barbara got a visit from the London police
informing her for two years Pam was involved in a blackmail child
prostitute ring. The officers told Barbara that as they raided a
suspected location, Pamela was being tortured for information on
who else was blackmailing him. He was suspected of a previous
child murder and about to be arrested. While she was not killed
she had two broken arms and two broken legs all limbs having
multiple fractures. The police officer's could not believe at
first that Pam was the brains and ringleader of this organization
that led to two child deaths of very badly abused children
refugees of the Yugoslavakien war. However after days of
investigating they determined her to be a very highly to offend
sociopath.

The police finally figured out from the missing child runaway
report who Pamela was. At first she clamed to be a sexually
molested run away from the U.S. After the police told her we know
your real name Pamela Miller and your mother will be very shortly
contacted. At this point she said her father has been molesting
her for years but given enough rope and further investigation
based on the massive amounts of information gathered, a
caseworker speaking with her was told I bet I really had you
going. I'll come up with another story when this gets to court.
Now get out of here you bleeding heart liberal with rescue
fantasies. I'm sure you enjoyed it. This case will probably make
you famous and my mother's career in writing circles a disgrace.
By the time Pam was released from the hospital, she realized that
the court wanted her to be put away in a state school at least to
her eighteenth birthday. Pam knowlingly gave false information
for spite reasons to the person who murdered the child hoping she
would be badly hurt as an object lesson for trying to get out of
prostitution costing Pamela prestige in that ring. Barbara told
Pam that the Sudan would efectively put her out of the reach of
the law. You really deserve to be put away but considering your
injuries, I am willing to give you one last chance. Fortunately,
you will recover from your injuries. However I will not do this
for you unless you apologize. Pam responded that she would do
everything her mother wanted when she got her casts off and go to
school and she felt very bad about all she did wrong and deserved
much more punishment for all she has done. Barbara asked Pam if
she wanted to face the music and atone or go to the Sudan. Not
surprisingly she chose the Sudan. Barbara said we will leave in
three days to live with my sister Joan and her three kids. Pamela
remembered always getting her cousins in trouble and bullying the
youngest when they visited. She remembered the time they were
visiting and when no one saw her come in she stole several
hundred dollars from aunt Joans purse planting one hunded fifty
dollars on each one then sneaking out. Aunt Joan concluded they
were the only ones who could have done it and had the money in
their belongings. Pam found a strap in her father's cupboard and
goaded her aunt Joan into giving her cousins several strappings
and other restrictions and loss of shopping trips for the rest of
the vacation.

Four days later they arrived in the Sudan. Joan who was widowed
left her medical office where she spent a couple days a week, the
rest of the time ministering to the very poor who really needed
her care. She was considered a top gynecologist and at every
opportunity took Kimberly, the darling of her eye, with her to
work both at her office and when she visited villages within a
sixty mile radius. Rachel eleven and Gail twelve who were good
children and very bright were clearly outshined by Kimberly.
Everybody who came into contact with Kim adored her and when her
mother worked in the field.with patients having Kim around made
the women she worked on more readily open up with their problems.
Having just turned eight, Kimberly since her seventh birthday
would talk with the children waiting to be helped by Pam. Many of
the children were afraid to receive medical treatment and
Kimberly feeling sypathetic and a giving person and very caring
in the finest sense of the word would make a game out of
examining the girls under twelve and usually seeing how much fun
these ill children were having and wanting to help out the older
girls would join in. Most of the girls begged Kimberly to stay
with them when her mother would examine them. Kimbely became a
better diagnostician on female genital abnormalities than just
about any male doctor in the Sudan or anywhere else and everybody
praised her abilities. About a third of the girls would only let
Kimberly examine them but her mother would either look on or
consult with Kim on her observations. Her advice and observations
would make you think she was more of a mindreader or God or
endowed with great magic and people believed she could part the
oceans and walk on water and many begged her to bless them for a
good life. For the last six months she was perfoming procedures
when necesary such as inserting and removing catheters and some
complex surgeries for things like urinary incontinence and
dealing with some things like female genital mutilation. It was a
part of the culture in that country which appalled her but she
knew better than to voice concern on that issue to anyone but her
mother who agreed with her. Kimberly remembered when she was five
and at a very distant relatives compound. Out of respect she
called him uncle Mat. He was no where that close of a relative
but removed several times. He was extremely wealthy and helped
fund Joans medical supply costs. He lived a couple of hundred
miles from he town and never visited the city they lived in. From
time to time he would buy slaves taken in village raids from the
southern part of the Sudan. The going price for a mother and
child was less than a hundred U.S. dollars. Kim remembered a girl
who was taken as a slave when nine. She turned eleven on that
day. Kim was playing with her and then all of a sudden the eleven
year old was grabbed. She was stripped naked in the yard and her
arms and leggs held by several women who were going to cut out
her clitoris and scrape away part of her labia and then sew her
vulva together. One of the women said she has seizures and almost
died two times. If she loses blood from the struggle and expires
then money will have to be spent for another one. Our employer
will also be upset because he has grown found of her. An elder
women with the scalpel in her hand said I know what to do.
Kimberly walked up to her and said I do to. Leave her alone. One
of the women said child, she lives here, it is our religion and
our custom. Your uncle Mat who we respect and admire ordered this
just ten minutes ago. We dont have a choice. Stay here with us
and comffort her. She seems to like you. Perhaps then she will
not bleed to death. She is sickly. There was no quieting the
child. Finally one of the women started pincing the eleven year
olds vulva and clitoris and with great pressure inserted a metal
rod in her vaginia and pressed it against her cervix dilating the
cervix until the rod entered her uterus where it was vigorously
shaken. The girl passed out. The elderly women said at this point
this is the kindest way. She will not feel anything now. Somehow
Kimberly gathered her courage and as she has seen her mother do
several times went through the motions of feeling her head for
temperture, pulling an eylid open and shaking her head then
saying oy. Then Kim grabbed her wrist and said oh my god, there's
no pulse. Then kimberly went through the motions of cardio
pulmonary resusutation and said I think she will die. Help me
turn her over on he stomache. I know a way that may save her.
Kimberly thinking back to something she saw her mother do once
for some reason she did not remeber pressed at what she knew to
be a pressure point on the back. Every few minutes she would
press on that spot rendering her new friend unconcious. After
half an hour her uncle Mat came out to play with her. He became
very concerned when he saw what was happening. Uncle Mat asked if
she was ill from the mutilation. Kim said she was to sick to have
it done and she passed out when we were playing and it's not my
fault. Trying to keep her from dying. Those who were going to
mutilate her were greatful for what they thought to be the
incoherent babbings of a confused tired worried child. They
quickly added that they would like to help but did not know what
to do. Kim said get her in out of the heat and gave them
instructions to bring many subtances which she placed under the
tongue.

Part 2

At any rate Kim managed to get the eleven year old away from her
uncle. Her aunt Barbara and cousin Pam arrived in the Sudan at
the beginning of March. While Kim and Joan were getting medical
supplies for the next day, Kims aunt Barbara came into the room
complaining angrily about her daughter Pamelas conduct. After
asking her sister Joan for help and getting no ideas on how to
deal with the serious discipline problems of her twelve year old
she turned to Kim for advice. Kim didn't care for Pam but out of
concern for her aunt Barbara said Pam needs a great deal of
prolonged correction. Aunt Barbara said she tried everything she
could think of with no success. Barbara told Kimberly who was
eight that she had a free hand to do whatever she felt necesary
and regardless of what she did no one would interfere. At this
point, Kim got a double Foley colon irrigating catheter and
patient restraint straps from the medical supplies.

The next morning everybody except Kim who was going to implement
a tough love program and Pam left for the day. Pams bed was in
the very large livingroom due to the dificulty of the stairs with
all her limbs in casts. Soon as Pam woke up she saw Kim walking
from the kitchen and barked get over here you little brownnose.
Pam was laying on her stomache nude as she was accustomed to
sleeping nude. Kim walked over asking what she wanted. Pam gave
her a whole list but as she was Kim injected her with a
hypodermic of a powerful muscle relaxant and tranquilizer. Pam
started threatening Kim but after a couple of minutes Pam found
she was unable to move. At this point Kimberly reached under the
bed pulling out the foley catheter. Kim showed the catheter to
Pam explaining this is going in your behind. Watch what happens
to this lower inflation cuff when I squeeze this inflator. Once
blown up to this size, it can't be removed unless the air is let
out. Right above this is a second cuff. This one stays right
outside your bottom. It inflates just like the one in your bottom
hole. When both are blown up like this they very forcefully press
against each other preventing anything from getting forced out of
your behind regardless of how badly you need to b.m. Then taking
an enema bag and hooking it up to the catheter, Kim lets water
run through the tubing and below the lower inflation cuff
explaining that anything coming out of the nozzle would go into
Pams behind and she would be unable to b.m. it out of her behind
until the imput valve is released.

At this point, Kim reached under Pams arms and started tickling
her. Pam, being very ticklish would have jumped at least a foot
but due the the muscle relaxant and tranquilizer, Pam couldn't
even make any sound or movement at all. Kim said lets see how we
do with a few smacks on your bottom. Kim brought her hand down on
the center of Pams left cheek with moderate force She was
intrigued with the way it jiggled. Then she did the same on the
right cheek. Kim told Pam now I'm going to keep smacking your
bottom until it is very red and hot unless you tell me it hurts
and ask me to stop. For the next ten minutes Kim smacked every
inch of Pams bottom over and over again. A minute later Kim
reached for the catheter telling pam that if she didn't want it
in her bottom to just say so. Well if you dont, here goes. Kim
laid Pam on her side pulling Pams knees up to her chest, deflated
the catheter cuffs, lubricated Pams anus, and inserted the lower
cuff into her bottom. Kim inflated the cuff until the lower cuff
started pulling the upper cuff into her bottom. Kim pulled up on
the tubing to see that it would not come out even when Pams
bottom started to move from her pulling on the tubing. At this
point Kimberly inflated the upper cuff making cetain that it was
pulling forcefully even if painfully against the lower cuff
holding the lower cuff against the internal sphincter ring as
tightly as a car tire holds against the rim. After placing Pam
back on her stomache, Kim took a medical restraint strap,
attached one end to the cast at the left ankle and the other end
to the left bed rail pulling hard enough to cause pain. Kim did
the same on the other side attaching to the right bed rail. This
caused Pams bottom to slightly lift up. Then Kim secured Pams
arms with straps from the wrists of the cast to the bed rail on
either side. Even though Kim was only eight, she knew her twelve
year old cousin was not going anywhere soon. Even without being
tied down, Kims sisters Rachel who was eleven and Gail who was
twelve would have little trouble controlling Pam who had all her
limbs in casts. Kim decided to eat breakfast while the muscle
relaxants and tranquilizers wore off.

Part 3

After finishing breakfast, Eight year old Kimberly went back into
the living room where twelve year old Pamela was tied down.
Pamela felt her vulva lips being separated as Kim inserted a
catheter into Pams uretha. Kim told Pam this is to keep the bed
dry until you are untied which is going to be a while. The next
thing Kim did was to tickle Pam under her arm pits to determine
if the muscle relaxants wore off. Pamela squirmed and struggled
vigorously against her bonds as she pleaded that she learned her
lessons and would behave. Kimberly responded that they had all
day and maybe if Pam did all she was told that It would be easier
on her.

Kim asked Pam if she ever received an enema. Pam responded no.
Kim gave Pams red bottom a moderate smack and then a second and
third wanting to see how much Pam tightened her bottom against
the stinging smacks. Kim told Pam that she was opening the valve
and even though the bag was hung at the top of the i.v. pole the
valve was adjusted so the contents would take two hours to empty.
After thirty minutes Pam started begging Kim to stop the flow
because she couldn"t take anymore and the pain was severe. Kim
gave Pams bottom five or six smacks watching how she was able to
tighten her bottom against the onslaught. Kim commented that you
are hardly cramping and will find out how mistaken you are in an
hour and a half. After another thirty minutes of pleading, Kim
gave Pam five more smacks watching her bottom tighten less and
more slowly as Pam was suffering against the cramping internally
caused by the forced retention of the enema due to the colon
catheter cuffs sealing her anal opening.

Kim realized that Pam was beginning to really feel the enema and
told Pam that she was doing fine and if she wanted the enema bag
to keep emptying into her bottom that all she needed to do was
just lay there. Over the next thirty minutes, Pam was
hysterically begging to stop the flow and let the enema out. Even
though the enema bag was only three quarters empty, Kim gave Pam
a volley of a dozen smacks of moderate force. Due to the intense
pressure and pain of the solution inside of her, Pam was unable
to contract her bottom muscles at all. At every smack, Pam would
make yelping sounds like a hurt puppy between intermittant
wailing sounds and sobs. Kim reached under Pams arms tickling her
to which she was unable to even tense up. Pam was breathing in
audible gasps from the pressure internally. At this point Kim
shut of the valve and for the next thirty minutes kept smacking
Pams bottom with just enough force to not cause bruising but
keeping her bottom hot and red as Pamela desparately gasped and
wailed. Kim kept telling Pam how well she was at staying put and
taking her discipline. By this time Pam was unable to talk but
just kept on gasping.

Well Pam, I told you you could handle this but just for the
future, I want you to realize what is going to happen to you when
you don't do exacty as told. At this point Kim re-opened the
valve letting the rest of the enema flow into Pams intestines. As
the last of the solution entered Pams bottom, Pam briefly lost
consciousness. As she was coming to, Kimberly opened the release
valve at a rate that would take thirty minutes for the enema to
be expelled. During this time, Kimberly kept lightly smacking
Pams bottom to determine How much struggling Pam was able to
exert and pointing out to Pam, as if needed, how tremendous the
intensity of the smacks felt due to the multiple torments. Pam
was still sobbing and crying thirty minutes after emptying her
bowels but by this time was very responsive to tickling under her
arms. Kim gave Pam three light smacks on her bottom which caused
her to tightly clench her bottom. Kim asked Pam if she wanted
another enema just like the last or if she would behave. Pam
swore she would behave as she continued to sob lightly. By this
time it was one o'clock.

Kimberly braided Pams hair into a pony tail and tied a length of
clothes line to her hair pulling her head all the way back and
tying the other end of the line to the footboard of the bed. Kim
left her like this. At four o'clock Pams mother Barbara came home
and walked by to hear Pam pleading for help. Barbara simply said
what games are you playing now. The things you kids dream up. She
gave Pamela a kiss on the cheek and said play nice. Kim told
Barbara that Pam was being very co-operative and that they would
be playing together for quite a while. At this point Kim tickled
Pam again and asked her if she wanted to be tickled for an hour
and a half or another enema and spankings just like earlier.
After a moments hesitation in answering Kim said ok another enema
then at which time Pam begged and pleaded to be tickled instead.
Kim then toying with Pam said I only asked you which you would
prefer. However if you would prefer being tickled maybe your
mother would do that for you later.

At 4:30, Kims sisters Rachel eleven and Gail twelve came home
from their girls school with Tonya. Tonya who was twelve was
about to move into a large five hundred bed childrens school the
next day. While her home life was good, she wanted to have the
experience for a month or two of living away from home with a
number of friends who really liked the boarding school. Rachel,
Gail, and Tonya asked Kimberly what was going on. Kim explained
that she was helping Pam to set limits on her behavior. Kim
untied Pams hair and the girls got a pail of water cleaning Pams
back parts with a sponge bath. Kim then untied Pams arms and legs
which were really aching at this time then placing Pam face up on
the bed, tied her arms and legs back down on the bed. Kimberly
then liquified a number of vegetables for Pams dinner which she
drank through a straw. Barbara then came downstairs to the living
room asking who would like to go to dinner.

Kim said she did not want to leave Pam alone in case of a fire or
other emergency. Tonya offered to stay when the others went out
to dinner because she ate a late lunch after school. Besides she
was sweaty from running in the heat earlier that day and wanted
to take a bath. Kim said thanks but before you do, please finish
giving Pam a sponge bath. Tonya said she would take a quick
shower first then finish washing Pam and then a bath. On the way
out, Kim told Tonya not to untie Pam except for an emergency and
that they would bring food home for later. Ten minutes later,
Tonya came out of the shower. Pam pleaded with Tonya to untie
her. Tonya said Kim said not to and anyways even though she still
had the catheter in her urethra and another in her bottom, Tonya
explained that she would not do anything to hurt her. As Tonya
washed Pams face and chest, Pam continued to plead to be let up
but even though Tonya liked Pam, and was trying to be kind to
Pam, Kim made it very clear that she was to be left tied down for
the next several weeks except for special occasions at which
times she would be tied into her wheelchair. Tonya started
washing below Pams waist and while trying to comfort and soothe
Pams frayed nerves, Tonya stopped in mid sentence and exclaimed,
I see why you are having so much trouble.

After recovering from the shock, Tonya asked Pam why she still
had a clitoris and why her vulva lips were not sewned together.






