OVER THE FENCE

BY DEMI HAMLIN

Part 3

Frankie eyed the gigantic dildo with more fear than he'd ever
felt in his life. The monstrous thing glared back at him with
purple delight. Priester wore a grin from ear to ear.

"You can take it," he said as he reached for the jar of Vaseline.
Frankie's face scrunched, and he was on the verge of whimpering.
"Listen good," Priester said, "because I'm only going to say this
once. You're going to take all 15 inches of this in your ass, and
you're not going to make a sound. Not a whimper, a cough, groan,
or peep. If you so much as sniffle, I've going to show you what I
do to hardheaded little boys."

Frankie nodded, fighting back the tears as best he could. He
wanted to scream for help so bad, but he already knew no one
would come. And if he didn't listen, not only would his dad make
him pay for it the next day, but he'd still have to spend the
night with Mr. Priester.

Priester loosened Frankie's legs and retied them just above his
hands. Now Frankie's legs were stretched to his shoulders, his
ass fully exposed. Priester lubed his hole up really good. But
before he slid the dildo in, he put the clamps back on Frankie's
nipples and dick. Frankie winced, but he didn't make a sound. He
just lay there trying not to think about the pain that was about
to come.

Priester waited until Frankie seemed lost in preparing for the
pain to push the tip of the dildo in. Immediately Frankie jerked,
trying to squeeze it out. But Priester held it in place, slowly
inching it inside the boy's ass. Frankie's butthole stretched to
its limit before Priester even had the tip of the dildo in.
Little red streaks began to form all around Frankie's hole.

Tears were streaming down the boy's face. He held his breath to
keep from screaming, exhaling as softly as he could. Priester
pushed the tip all the way in, watching Frankie's ass swallow the
3 diameter dildo. Slowly he pulled it back out a little. Cum and
blood covered it. He pushed it back in, deeper this time,
twisting it just a little.

Frankie's dick throbbed as an orgasm washed over him. He didn't
know whether to hate it or love it. But soon all he could feel
was the rage fire sliding into his stomach.

Suddenly, Priester rammed the dildo inside Frankie's hole. He
fucked Frankie's ass with it viciously, smiling wider and wider
as Frankie bit down on his lip to keep from scream. Just as
suddenly, Priester shoved the dildo in half way.

"Argh!" Frankie yelped, regretting it immediately. He cried
harder, and almost begged for mercy, but he already knew it
wouldn't do any good. Priester shoved the rest of the 7 inches as
far as it could go. Frankie squealed, and then sobbed quietly as
Priester fucked him with the whole of the dildo. He pulled it
almost completely out and shoved it back in, going faster and
faster each time. Already the dildo looks like a candy cane from
all the blood, but Priester was relentless. With one hand he
rammed the dildo in and out, and with the other he jerked his
dick, flinging his pre-cum all over Frankie's dick.

The harder his jerked his dick, the harder he dildo-fucked
Frankie. The boy had completely given up being silent, and sobbed
quietly. He closed his eyes, trying to pretend to be somewhere
else, but Priester was too skilled, and with each thrust, a new,
harsher surge of pain washed over Frankie.

Priester pulled the dildo out and slid his dick in before the
hole could close. He ripped off his robe and leaned on Frankie's
legs. He tore into the boy's ass, riding it so hard that his
balls slapped loudly against Frankie's ass. He pounded Frankie
until he could feel the cum bubbling up. Grabbing Frankie's head,
Priester forced his mouth open and pushed his blood covered dick
down Frankie's throat and blew his load.

"Swallow it," he ordered. "Swallow every drop." Frankie gulped
down as much as he could, with a little running down his cheek
and some going up his nose. "Lick me clean," Priester said, and
Frankie obediently licked all of his own blood and shit, and
Priester's cum, off of Priester's dick.

Spent, Priester pulled away and slipped on his robe, and walked
out of the room. Frankie laid his head down and cried as softly
as he could. He knew Priester would be back with his punishment
for whimpering. All the boy could think of was being good now. If
he was good maybe Mr. Priester would let him loose and then
Frankie could show him how good a boy he could be. He'd suck
Priester's dick all night long if he could just get loose.

But he couldn't dwell on that for too long. Priester came back
within minutes, but empty-handed. For a moment Frankie thought
he'd gotten off. But when Priester began undoing the restraints,
Frankie gave up on that.

Once Priester had Frankie loose, he removed the boy's nipple and
dick clamps and sat him up. "We're going down to the basement,"
he said, leading the boy out of the room.

The basement was behind a hidden door in the hallway leading to
the kitchen. Priester pushed Frankie into the dark stairwell and
watched in glee as the boy shook with fear.

At the bottom Priester pulled a cord overheard, and Frankie could
see several large tables and crosses and some things that little
like headless rocking horses. One had a hole near on end, straps
for the neck, arms and legs and was studded with little metal
disks. Priester led him to that one.

Frankie obediently climbed on, grimacing as Priester strapped his
legs and arms in as tightly as possible. When his neck was
strapped down, Frankie could make out a small holder that could
be turned towards his mouth.

Then he felt something cold slide into his ass. He squirmed
around for a moment, but soon gave up. Priester walked around to
Frankie's face and placed a 4 inch dildo into the holder and
waited for Frankie to open his mouth. Once it was all the way in,
Priester locked the holder down. There was no way for Frankie to
get the dildo out of his mouth.

Priester reached under the horse and pulled Frankie's dick
through the hole. He attached a ring around it, and suddenly let
it drop. Weight jerked on Frankie's dick. His toes curled as the
weights swung back and forth.

"Since you can't learn how to keep your mouth shut, I'm going to
shut it for you," Priester said. "The dildos in your ass and
mouth are two opposite ends of a circuit. Once I plug you in,
you'll get a shock all through your body. I set this up so that
your straps can adjust the setting. If you pull at them, it goes
up for a while. If you leave them alone, it stays at its initial
setting. See?"

Priester stepped into the darkness, and Frankie heard a small pop
and something humming. When Priester came back, showed Frankie
the control box and the setting, which was up half-way. A harsh
jolt ran through his body. It was brutal enough to make his teeth
hurt. He jerked so hard that he almost tore his arm of its
socket. Then the charge settled to an annoying buzzing. It hurt,
but he could handle it. Then the second jolt came, this one
stronger than before. This time, the charge took longer to
settle, and wasn't back to normal before another jolt came.

Frankie hiccupped muffled cries. Priester grinned, and stepped
back into the darkness. The low charge dissipated. Priester
unstrapped Frankie and helped him up. "That's what you're getting
for the rest of the night," he said leading Frankie to another
side of basement.

He took Frankie to a wooden cross with adjustable straps, and
tied them to Frankie's arms and legs. He stretched to his limit,
letting him dangle in the center of the cross with his back
exposed. Then Priester reattached the weights to Frankie's dick.

Fire spread across Frankie's ass as Priester dug into him with a
leather belt. It was studded down its length with little metal
disks, and they caught on Frankie's skin, leaving little tick
marks. Priester hit him with most of his strength. The red lashes
quickly turned blue. Frankie screamed loudly, shrieking with each
blow.

"What did I say to you?" Priester demanded with a cruel blow
across the small of Frankie's back. The boy jerked and yelped,
sobbing loudly. "What did I say to you?" Priester repeated,
striking him harder.

"D-don't make a-any sounds" Frankie cried.

"And?"

"No crying?"

"And what are you doing right now?" Priester thrashed his arm back
and forth, the belt licking over every inch of Frankie's
backside.

"Crying" Frankie answered in a sob. "Please p-please stop I'll
be good"

"I'll stop when you stop crying, got that?" Priester said,
emphasizing the last word with a hard blow that caught Frankie's
balls. The boy squealed, but Priester didn't seem to wear out. It
took several minutes for Frankie to finally stop crying. Priester
checked him and discovered that Frankie had passed out.

A cruel smile raced across Priester's lips. There were dozens of
ways to wake up a bad little boy like Frankie, but one in
particular came to mind. He untied Frankie and hoisted him on his
shoulder. He took the boy over to a wooden table and strapped
Frankie down with his cherry red ass exposed. Priester fingered
Frankie's ass, slipping in one, then two, then three and finally
four of his digits into the boy's ass.

Frankie was still out cold when Priester climbed the table and
mounted him. His dick slid in with no trouble at all. Smoothly,
Priester pumped the little boy's ass, taking his time to savor
each sensation as Frankie slowly came to. Once the boy realized
what was happening, he instinctively squeezed his butt cheeks.
Priester chuckled and took that as his cue. Leaning over Frankie,
Priester rammed his dick viciously into the boy. Frankie started
to scream, but chose to bite his tongue instead.

The boy moaned in pain, but Priester still showed him no mercy.
He pumped Frankie so hard that the boy coughed with each thrust.

"Are you awake now?" Priester asked as he drove his dick all the
way instead Frankie. The boy sucked in a breath and wheezed.

"Yes, sir" he groaned.

"Good," Priester said, pulling out. He unstrapped Frankie and led
the boy over to the restraint horse again. "I know you're tired,
boy. But you don't get to go to sleep until I say so."

Priester glanced at the watch on his wrist and looked down at
Frankie. The boy looked like holy hell. His face was still
covered in tears. His mouth was stained with blood, cum and
drool. The boy's nipples were bright red even with his dark skin.
Priester didn't even bother with words. He pointed to the horse,
and like a good boy Frankie climbed on. Priester strapped him in
and hooked up the electrodes. As he disappeared into the shadows,
Frankie a soft buzz click on. Then the surge of electricity hit
him. He jerked at the straps and the next surge was stronger than
the first. And as each surge pulsed through him, he heard
Priester head up the stairs.

The lights faded and Frankie was left in electric darkness.

