Del helps Nancy to her bedroom.

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Nancy, Chapter 12 (MF, cheat, cons, impreg?, rom)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

In the morning, Nancy woke first and realized that she needed to get out from underneath the covers before Del noticed, as she had told him that she'd sleep on top of them. She sashayed out, hissing as her sprained ankle got caught in the sheets.

"Hm? Nancy?" Del blinked awake as she quickly extricated herself from the sheets and sat on the edge of the bed.

She wrinkled her nose. "You should change your sheets, Del." They didn't actually smell, but she had to get rid of the evidence of his massive ejaculation from the previous night.

He sat up. "Oh, I didn't even think...they're kinda stinky, huh?" He threw off the sheets. "Ack!" Quickly, he turned away from her and fussed with the front of his boxers.

Nancy mentally kicked herself...she had forgotten to refasten the button on his boxers the previous night, so his penis must have poked out through the hole again.

The crisis averted, Del pulled on his jeans and a fresh shirt. "Okay..." He grabbed all the bedclothes, rolled them up into a ball, and dropped them into his laundry basket. "I'll grab more sheets and a comforter later...let's get you upstairs."

She grabbed her tights and put her other arm around his shoulders so he could help her up the stairs. "All the way upstairs, please," she asked him, "I should probably shower...er, bathe," she amended, realizing that there was no way that she could stand for a shower.

He continued to act as a makeshift crutch so that she could pull out a fresh pair of underwear and another long shirt from her bedroom's chest of drawers. "I can't put on tights with the bandage on," she explained.

Del knew that she could just put on pants or a skirt, but he wasn't going to argue, as then he wouldn't be able to see more of his sexy landlady's shapely gams. He helped her sit on the edge of the bathtub before heading out of the bathroom and closing the door behind him. He soon heard the sound of running water as she drew her bath.

Nancy lay in the tub, her foot elevated above the water as Del had suggested, and thought about the previous night. The young man's penis had definitely been inside her, just a little. Instead of feeling bad about it, though, she felt turned on again. He had cum with his cock pressed into the fabric of her panties, that stretchy cloth her only protection against his dangerous cum as he spent himself upon it. She wasn't stupid...she knew that cotton was hardly prophylactic...but it had only been...she calculated...10 days since her period started? That was pretty safe, she figured. Wasn't it?

Del had decided to wash himself as well, and headed back down to his suite to shower once he heard the noise of the water upstairs stop. Nancy would soak for a while, he figured, but he'd make sure to have a quick shower so he'd be ready if she needed his help again. Without a crutch, he realized, she'd need him just to get around the house.

As he exited the shower, he heard Nancy yelling his name. He quickly tied a towel around his midsection and dashed upstairs. He knocked on the bathroom door. "Nancy?"

He heard her through the door, "Oh, Del! I need your help."

"Are you dressed?"

There was a pause.

"Nancy?"

"No. I can't get out of the tub." She sounded miserable.

"Oh!" Del looked down at himself only wearing a towel. "I'm coming in." He covered his eyes with one hand and opened the door.

She snickered at seeing him. "Oh, Del...thank you, but honestly, you've seen all of me before."

"True..." he lowered his hand but kept his eyes on the tiled bathroom floor, glancing up to see her holding her arms out to him. It reminded him momentarily of a baby wanting to play 'upsy daisy'.

"Just get me to my feet and I'll take care of the rest," she advised him.

He leaned forward, hooked his arms under her shoulders, and lifted with his legs. If he had lifted with his back he might have hurt himself, but as his knees bent, they pulled at the loosely fastened towel around his waist. As he stood up with her, several things happened at once:

Nancy went to put her weight on Del, but this caused her D-cup boobs to press into his chest. At the same time, his towel dropped to the floor. The feel of her hot titflesh pressing into his bare chest caused the half-chub that had already started manifesting upon seeing her naked body in the tub to go full-on chubbie.

"Oh!" she gasped as she felt his erection rise between her legs.

"Ack!" Del tried to pull away, but when Nancy realized that this was going to cause him to drop her, she wrapped her arms around his neck. The resulting imbalance caused her to pitch forward, which then sent Del falling backwards. "No no no!" He pinwheeled and caught the towel rack with one hand, tearing it from the wall as they fell to the cold tile. "Ow..." he moaned. The back of his head had hit the tile, but it would have been much worse if the towel rack hadn't sacrificed its life, he realized.

"Del! Are you okay?" Nancy's face was before him, looking worried.

"You're so beautiful..."

Her face flushed. "You...uh...you hit your head?" Then she realized that she was lying upon him, and both of them were naked. She also realized that his penis had somehow stayed between her legs, and was still hard. "Del?"

He leaned forward and kissed her. She was surprised, but soon returned his passion. Her sexual energy had been like a chained beast, stalking back and forth in its cage, but the door had been unlocked now. She started to roll her hips and felt the underside of Del's hard cock rubbing against her clit and between her vaginal lips. She sucked his tongue into her mouth and moaned, feeling her hard nipples slide along his chest as she moved.

Del still felt a bit dazed from the fall, but he knew what felt good, and he had wanted this for so long! He could feel Nancy's wet pussy sliding up and down the underside of his shaft, but it wasn't enough. On her next movement up, he moved his body down, and as she slid back down, the head of his cock popped between her vaginal lips.

She broke the kiss. "Uh!" Del was inside her, she realized...her marriage vows were broken now.

She didn't care. The last vestige of resistance was gone, and she pressed down upon him, feeling his thickness invade her cheating pussy inch by inch. When the pressure became too much, she pulled up and then pressed down again, feeling even more of him invading her womanly core. She did it again, and again, and finally, all of him was inside her, deeper than any man had ever been before. Deeper than any would likely ever be again, she realized, and cried out as she came. "Ohh! Uhh! Oh my Goddd..." Finally, she came down from her orgasm and stopped moving. "Del, take me to my bed."

He carefully withdrew, picked her up under her shoulders and knees, as he had after she had fallen the previous night, and took her to her bedroom. After placing her gently on the bed, he turned to leave, thinking that she had changed her mind.

"No! Del, please...make love to me."

He turned back, surprised and delighted, and dove onto the bed between her legs, making her giggle. Within a few seconds, his hard cock was once again slipping inside her as they kissed lovingly. He made sure to go slow. Trista always wanted to get fucked, but Nancy had asked him to make love to her. Each method had its own pleasure, he realized, but making love with someone you truly cared about was the best.

Del touched every inch of her (except for her sprained ankle), spending a lot of time caressing, nibbling, and sucking at her bountiful breasts. His hands moved along her curves, caressing her fantastic hips and ass as he slid into her again and again.

She arched her back as she came again. "Auhh! Mmm...oh, Del..."

Soon, he started to thrust faster. "Nancy, I'm gonna..."

"It's okay, Del, it's a safe day. Cum in meee!"

And he did, crying out in pleasure as the most powerful orgasm he'd ever experienced roared up his shaft and injected itself deep inside his older lover, filling her unprotected reproductive system with his virile seed.

Feeling the illicit thrill of cuckolding her stupid husband in their marital bed as Del filled her ripe body up with hot sperm, Nancy came as well, stars exploding behind her eyes as she felt each spurt of his forbidden cum filling her. "U-huhh! Ohhh! Nggh!"

Finally, Del fell upon her, both of them breathing heavily. "Now what?" he asked her.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)