Title:  Happy Birthday, Sis!
Author:  Bobwhite
Synopsis:  Mark gives his little sister a birthday present to
remember.
Keywords:  MC FF

                          * * * * * * * * * *

Happy Birthday, Sis!
by Bobwhite

                          * * * * * * * * * *

"I'm home!  So where's this birthday girl I'm hearing so much
about?" Mark shouted as he walked into his house.

"Mark!"  Jenn shouted from the kitchen.  She got up and ran to the
front door, her long red hair flying everywhere as she ran.  "How was
school?"

"Ugh, I just got home, don't ask.  How are you?  So, 18 at last.  I
remember my 18th...."

"You should," said Sally, who had been drinking soda with Jenn in
the kitchen while they waited for Mark to arrive.  "It was only a
year and a half ago.  Who still goes to school at 19?  On the 6-year
program, are we?"

Mark looked at Sally and smiled.  Her parents (who were originally
from Iran) had blessed her with an exotic complexion, long black
hair, a nice rack, and searingly beautiful eyes.  Sally looked at
Mark's smile, trying to figure if he was up to something.  

"Mark, stop it!" Jenn shouted, trying not to laugh.

Sally looked down to see that she'd pulled her shirt up, exposing
her bra.  "Perv!" she said, unable to lower her shirt until Jenn
punched him in the arm.  *He's never made me do something like
that... he *has* to know what that does to me!*  Sally hoped they
didn't notice the little dents her nipples were now making in the
fabric.

They walked to the kitchen, and Mark said, "So, mom and dad are
still at work, huh?  Guess we have the house to ourselves for a
while."  While Jenn and Mark sat down, Sally found herself moving
around on autopilot as she got Mark a glass of sweet tea.  When the
slight tingling sensation that usually accompanied regaining control
after being "possessed" by Mark flooded over her, she took a deep
breath and asked, "Would you like anything else, sir?"

In her mind, she mused, *Like, make me touch myself under the table,
unable to stop--oh shit!!  Are you listening, Mark??*

He winked at her and said out loud, "Thanks for getting me some tea,
the stuff they make at school tastes horrible."  Mark took a long
drink of the sweet tea, and sighed.  "I can't wait till I graduate. 
I guess I understand why the program goes through age 20, but I wish
it was over so I could have some fun... and no Jenn, not *that* kind
of fun," he added, answering her unspoken comment.

"Speaking of which," Jenn said, "did you get my last letter?"

"Yeah, Jenny.  Congratulations."

Sally chimed in.  "What are you two talking about?"

"Nothing!" Jenn said, a little louder than she meant.

"Don't worry about it," Mark added.

Right about then, Sally felt a burning need to take a piss.  "Excuse
me, I have to use the bathroom," she said.  She didn't think she
actually had to go; she hadn't had to a moment ago, and she was
pretty sure that this need was implanted by Mark so he could talk to
Jenn in private.

No sooner had  she shut the bathroom door than her needs shifted. 
She took off her shoes, socks, jeans, and underwear, and sat on the
toilet.  Inside her head, she heard, *Keep this between you and me. 
A buddy at school showed me this trick.  Enjoy the ride.*

Her hands moved to her pussy, which was wet--but not with urine. 
From her nipples came an intense feeling of kissing, sucking, and
biting.  When she instinctively tried to move her hands to cover her
breasts, something else happened:  she started to rub her pussy
instead.  The more she tried to move her hands or any other part of
her body, the faster she rubbed herself.  The sensations on her
nipples intensified when she rubbed herself faster.

*I can't stop... Oh man, I've been waiting for years for this... I
bet he can make me cum by snapping his fingers or something... man,
I'm so getting laid tonight....*

Having given Sally what she wanted--a little taste of his power,
which he knew she got off on--Mark said to his sister, "So, you
haven't told your best friend that you're gay yet, huh?"

"Keep it down, Mark!  She could come back any second--" Jenn
whispered.

"Don't worry about that, she'll be in there for a while," Mark said.
"Your letter said you'd finally lost your V-card.  How does a lesbian
even do that, by the way?  Never mind that, sorry.  Anyway, this girl
you did it with.  How was it?  "

"Mark, I'm not going into details!  You're my brother; that's just
gross."  They heard a stifled moan from the nearby half-bath attached
to the kitchen.  "Uhm, Mark?  What is she doing in there?"

Mark smiled.  "Let's just say she *really* likes it when I make her
do things, so I obliged her."

"God, you're such a perv.  Why don't you just do her already?  She's
been crushing on you since she was 13, she turned 18 back in
February, and it's not like you've never mental-ized yourself into
some chick's panties," Jenn said.

"She's your best friend!" Mark said.

"Well, she's hot, and she's hot for you, I'd rather see you with her
than some dick from school."

"Don't change the subject; we're talking about you, not me.  Are you
ever going to tell Sally?"

Jenn thought for a moment and said, "Yes.  I guess I'll have to
sometime, huh?  I feel like I'm lying to her by not telling her.  But
I don't want to lose her as a friend... I'm scared, I guess."

"I understand.  Really, I do," he said, tapping his temple.  "But I
don't want you worrying about this, it's your birthday.  Why don't
you go upstairs--I have a birthday present for you that you're gonna
love."

"Oooh, sounds expensive," she said, getting up to give him a hug. 
"I missed you so much," she said.  She ran upstairs and used the
bathroom there, cleaning herself off carefully with a warm washcloth.
Moments later, she was sitting on her bed with her eyes closed; she
wasn't surprised when she discovered she couldn't open them.

Once he knew she was on her bed and had her eyes shut, Mark walked
over to the bathroom where Sally was uncontrollably masturbating. 
She tried to stop when he entered the room, but she couldn't, and
with a snap of his fingers she came so hard that she almost fell off
the toilet.

When she could speak, she said, "Mark... are you going to... make
me...."

Mark smiled.  "Take off your shirt and bra, and wash your hands." 
She complied.  "OK... now, I know how my abilities turn you on, and
this summer, you and I are going to have a *lot* of fun.  But I have
different plans for you for today.  Hold still, this won't hurt at
all."  He stared at her, and she felt a slight buzzing in her
forehead.  After a couple of minutes, it stopped.

"That's it. Take your clothes, go upstairs, and give Jenn her
present," he told the naked girl.  Without hesitation, Sally ran to
do just that.

"Sally!"  Jenn said when she opened her eyes.  "You're... you're
naked!"

Sally looked at Jenn and said, "Uhm... so are you...."

Jenn looked down.  "What?  When did that happen?  What's... Sally? 
What are you...."

Sally walked up to the bed and kissed her best friend deeply. 
"Happy birthday," she said.  "Your present... it's in my head...
oh... I can feel it... oh God Jenn you're so hot!"

Sally licked three fingers, slid them down to Jenn's pussy, and
kissed her again, rubbing her pussy slowly.  Jenn was so surprised
that she didn't back away or impede her in any way.  When the shock
wore off, she managed, reluctantly, to back away just a little.

"Sally... my brother did this to you.  Look, you don't have to--"

"Yes I do," Sally said, cutting off her friend.  "Your brother... I
don't know how but he's filled my head with these images, these
needs... doesn't matter why, I want to taste you, I *need* you...."

"So you don't care that I'm a lesbian?  I wanted to tell you for so
long...."

Sally pushed her roughly to the bed and got on top of her, kissing
her again.  Into Jenn's ear, she whispered, "I *love* that you're a
lesbian.  Now get up, grab the headboard, and sick that ass in the
air."  When she'd done that, Sally hungrily looked at her friend's
pussy and ass.  She grabbed her ass with both hands, squeezed, and
dove in, face-first.

Hours later, when their parents arrived, Mark made sure they would
completely ignore both the steady cacophony of filth coming from
Jenn's bedroom.  As the sun set, he entered Sally's mind.  He could
feel the fingers in her pussy, one in her ass, and a mouth sucking
gently on her clit.  *Tonight, you belong to Jenn,* he thought to
her, *but after that, your ass is mine.  Now finish up, get dressed,
and come downstairs with Jenn; it's time for cake and ice cream.*

"Happy birthday, sis," he said to himself when the screaming finally
stopped.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

(c) 2011, bobwhite.  All rights reserved.  All wrongs also reserved.