ORFANS

Etchings of a Series of Punishments

BY PENT

Note 7

My late friend William Hogarth, Esq. did have great interest in
our work with the orfan girls and oft did watch their
punishments.

To help bring in monies for the Orfanage he did make sketches of
a girl as she was punished in different wayes and did then make
etchings of them which he called: "The Painful Progress of the
Idle Scholar" and they did sell to a wide public.

The etchings did show the agonies of a girl being chastised ever
more severely for mistakes in her school work and were akin to
the series by Mr. Hogarth entitled "The Progress of the Rake".

These fearsome pictures became widely used to hang in the school
rooms of private houses as a warning to the pupils there of what
does happen to girls who are lazy and inattentive to their
studies.

Mr. Hogarth did make a present to the Great Orfanage of all
profits from the sale of these etchings which amounted to a large
sum indeed.

The punishment room in the Great Orfanage provided the setting
for the pictures. Mr. Hogarth did make his sketches there on a
Sunday so not to halt the regular spankings and the monies that
accrued therefrom on the other six days of the week. Snow had
fallen and 'twas late that Sunday morning before he did come with
his charcoal and sketch paper.

Mr. Hogarth had chosen an attractive girl of six as model for the
pictures, out of all the girls then in the Great Orfanage. Her
name Melissa and her appearance was truly angelic with her fair
hair, rounded figure and clear white skin.

I took no part myself but did stay and watch all. The part of
school teacher was played by a Lady Frances; a minder and the
janitor did attend for the whole day to serve Mr. Hogarth as
needed in the punishment room while he did make his sketches.
They did position the girl Melissa and her bindings and move
furniture, as he directed.

I found many years later that this minder and janitor were in
fact the true mother and father of Melissa. They had been working
at the Great Orfanage some six years before when the minder had
given birth privily to Melissa and did give her up to the Great
Orfanage, one of the last new-born infants to be admitted before
the Great Orfanage became so exceeding short of monies.

In this waye the following scenes of increasing painful bondage
and punishment for the young girl Melissa of onlie six years were
watched in their entirety by her mother and father, and must have
given them untold distress as they watched the pain and torture
suffered by their dear daughter and not able to help or comfort
her in any waye.

Melissa herself had no knowledge of their relation to her.

The scenes depicted in the sketches were as follows:

1. Melissa's First Fault

The six year old Melissa is sitting in a school room on a wood
chair and tied to it by her wrists and ankles.

Melissa's teacher, a severe-looking woman, stands over her with a
thin cane in her hand. Melissa skirt is pulled towards her, away
from her knees, and her thighs show the painful marks where the
cane is beating her legs.

Melissa is weeping and pleading with the teacher to stop, and she
can not even wipe away her tears as her hands are tied.

2. Melissa Caned Again

Melissa is standing bent over the back of the same chair with her
wrists and ankles tied to the front and back legs.

Melissa's skirt is pulled up over her back and her undergarments
are down around her ankles.

The picture shows Melissa's bare bottom which has many sore
stripes from the cane across her two cheeks.

The angry teacher is shown with the cane about to strike again
the quivering cheeks of Melissa as she cries out in agony from
the cuts she has already had and in terror for those she is next
to receive.

3. The Lazy Student

The blackboard has been removed from its heavy upright easel and
Melissa is facing it with her wrists tied above her head. Her
legs are spread wide and tied to the easel also.

Her skirt has been pulled up and tucked in at the neck, front and
back, and her nether garments have been removed.

The teacher stands with the thin cane and its marks show on
Melissa's bottom and the backs of her legs.

Melissa is looking over her shoulder at the teacher with a face
that is weeping and twisted in pain.

4. More Severe Punishment

Melissa is now turned with her back to the easel and naked from
head to toe. Her wrists and ankles are tied to the easel and she
faces towards the artist.

The teacher stands at one side with the cane coming down to cut
again and again into the six-year-old Melissa's barely-budding
breasts.

Agonizing marks from the cane are across Melissa's chest and
across her stomach too.

Melissa's face is contorted in agony as the teacher's eyes do
shine and her face gloats at the dreadful pain of her six year
old pupil.

5. Tip-Toes

Melissa is naked again and alone as she faces the easel once more
but only her wrists are tied to it, not too far above her head
this time.

A bradawl used in cabinet making with a handle of well varnished
wood, has its small metal blade slid down into the end of a piece
of cane.

The other end of the cane stands on the floor under Melissa's
bottom while the smoothe round top of the bradawl handle is
between the lovely white cheeks of her bottom and pressing up
against her rosebud.

Melissa stands as high as she can on her tip toes to stop the
greased handle of the bradawl from pushing up into her bottom.

E'en so, the pressure of the smooth round wood handle of the
bradawl upwards against Melissa's rosebud is plain from the bend
in the cane below her bottom.

The bulge in the four-inch-long handle of the bradawl is plainly
visible and is more than an inch across.

The hands of a clock in the background show twelve Noon and the
grimace on Melissa's face shows her pain at standing so long on
her tip toes.

6. Tip-Toes No More

The hands now show one o'the clock and Melissa's strength must
have failed her: She now stands flat on her heels and only the
lower end of the four-inch bradawl handle is showing from her
bottom: The greased handle has pushed up into her bottom while
her mother and father watched, unable to help her, as Melissa's
strength failed and she dropped suddenly down with agonizing pain
to her bottom, to have her heels on the floor again.

At the moment when strength failed and her heels dropped to the
floor, Melissa had screamed in terror as the bulging wood handle
rammed its way inexorably into her rosebud, and the varnished
handle slid all the way up into her bottom.

The picture shows Melissa's head turned over her shoulder, with
agony and fear plain on her face, and the end of the smoothe and
sliperie wooden handle slightlie protruding from her bottom, its
blade still in the cane which stands on the floor under her
bottom.

7. The Cane Again

The hands now show two o'the clock and the teacher has returned.
She has removed the length of cane from under Melissa's bottom
and the lower end of the bradawl is shown still protruding from
her rosebud.

The teacher is punishing Melissa on her bare bottom with her thin
cane, while the handle of the bradawl is still up inside her
bottom.

The face of the six-year-old Melissa shows acute pain from the
caning as it strikes through to the piece of wood inside her
bottom.

8. Tip-Toes Again

The hands show three o'the clock and Melissa is again standing on
her tip-toes with an even larger varnished wood handle, well
greased and pressing up against her rosebud. A length of cane
stands as before on the floor under her bottom and it bends with
the pressure upward of the wood handle against Melissa's rosebud.

The sketch shows that the wood handle is visibly larger than
before and will be much harder for Melissa to take up into her
bottom.

Melissa is shown dropping slightly on her heels and the cane bows
more to help press the sliperie wood handle up into her bottom in
a controlled waye this time, before that her strength does give
out with standing on tip-toe.

Melissa has her hips twisted so the well-greased wood handle
presses to the side of her rosebud to help to open her bottom and
have it enter easier.

From the expression on the six-year-old Melissa's face, she
almost does appear to enjoy the work to press the larger wood
handle up into her bottom.

9. Flat on Her Heels

The hands show four o'the clock and Melissa is standing flat on
her heels again and only the lower end of the large wood handle
can be seen.

Her mother and father had been glad to see with this large wood
handle that Melissa had managed to press it up into her rosebud
at a speed that did suit her, before her strength should give out
this time.

To do this she had lowered herself slightly from her highest
tip-toe position and moved her bottom from side to side so the
sliperie wood handle had pressed on her rosebud in different
directions.

After some few minutes of these cautious movements, her rosebud
had slowly opened to allow the big wood handle to move in until
the very largest part was sitting right in her rosebud and she
paused to savour this point of greatest opening to her delicate
younge bottom, like a child with a toboggan who has climbed to
the top of a snow slope and stops to enjoy the moment before the
thrill of the rush down to the bottom.

Melissa's mother saw her wait with an expectant look on her face
for a few moments, then she nudged the widest bit of the shiny
wood handle past her opening and her rosebud closed to make the
huge knob rush up into her bottom and end by slowly nestling a
long way up inside her as far into her as it could possibly go
and she wriggled her bottom from side to side to enjoy the feel
of having it up there all the waye inside her.

Indeed the large wood handle had given far more pleasure than
pain to Melissa's angelic six-year-old bottom.

The sketch faithfully showed Melissa's mouth with a half-smile
while she bends her knees slightly to push the sliperie wood
handle even further up into her lovely bottom.

10. Upside Down

Melissa is still naked but upside down. He shoulders rest on two
large piles of books while her head is between them and looking
towards the artist. Her ankles are tied to the blackboard easel
well apart and firmly enough to stop her from falling.

The end of the large wooden handle is still protruding from
Melissa's bottom but her cunnie faces the artist and catches the
eye more in this picture.

The teacher has in her hand a riding crop with a tab of soft
leather on the end and we can see the marks where it has beaten
on the insides of Melissa's thighs and on her stomach and -it
must have caused her great agony - against her little cunnie.

The teacher has stopped her beating and stands lecturing Melissa
about her bad behaviour while shaking the riding crop at her.

Melissa's face, upside down between the two piles of books, shows
a mixture of pain from the beating she has just received and,
oddly, a mixture of dread and longing for the next beating that
she is to get.

But a beating was not the next punishment for Melissa . . .

11. "You Must Try Harder!"

Melissa is naked, the wood handle of the tool no longer in her
bottom, and she is tied face down to a wide school bench with
firm bindings around her chest and waist and thighs and ankles so
she can not even wriggle. Her arms also are pulled up beyond her
head and bound to the bench also.

The bench is held up by books at one end so Melissa's head is
lower than her ankles.

The teacher stands near the bench, on the side further from the
artist, with an excited look in her eye as she tips a candle to
pour melted wax down between the two cheeks of Melissa's bottom.

Melissa is shrieking in agony and tugging with all her strength
at her bindings.

I thought it curious at the time that the minder and janitor did
hold each other close and wept most copiously as Melissa bawled
and struggled, frantic in her agony.

'Twas easy explained in later years when I came to know that they
were indeed, Melissa's mother and father, who had to watch the
torture of their dear daughter but ten feet away from them and no
waye to help her or even to give words of comfort to their
darling daughter in her extreme pain and anguish.

The artist's sketch shows the pool of melted wax gathering
between the two cheeks of Melissa's bottom, where they meet her
thighs.

Melissa is just plump enough that there is no opening between the
tops of her thighs for the melted wax to run down between them,
though she does tug and jerk to try make an opening there, and
the pool of hot melted wax grows deeper - and deeper.

The pool of melted wax on Melissa's tender bottom and legs gives
her searing agony, and she yells in fear and pain as she weeps
and pleads for her teacher to stop pouring the hot wax from one
candle after another down to make the pool deeper between the
cheeks of her bottom.

But the teacher's face has a cruel expression and she only
repeats over and over: "You must try harder, Melissa!", which is
the title of the sketch, as she keeps tipping the melted wax from
the candles down between Melissa's cheeks.

The minder and the janitor now had their faces turned away from
Melissa and clutched each other while their shoulders did shake
in anguish at the pain borne by their darling daughter, but they
were unable to help her in any waye.

The artist's sketch shows the pool of melted wax can not get much
deeper before it will overflow at the places where Melissa's
cheeks meet her thighs, to run over onto the bench that she is
tied to.

The moulten pool of wax between the cheeks of Melissa's bottom
will continue give her agonizing pain for a long time, before it
has cooled and set hard.

Four small drawings at the bottom right of the sketch show how
the block of wax will be used, after it has cooled and set solid:

First: The block stands flat side down, with the cusp pointing
upwards, at the point where Melissa's two cheeks met her thighs.

Next to that is the same block of wax with its edges cut to make
four vertical sides to the wax.

Third: Small boards are held with twine to make a box around the
wax mould, and plaster is being poured into it.

Finally: A plaster replica of Melissa's bottom is taken from the
mould, about four inch square, just where her two cheeks meet her
thighs.

With the snow falling again outside, Mr. Hogarth did not wait for
the wax to cool and set solid: he now had the sketches he needed
and departed with them to his studio to make them into a series
of etchings.

Melissa was still tied to the sloping bench, weeping and crying
out from the burning pain of the pool of hot wax where the cheeks
of her bottom meet the tops of her thighs.

Lady Frances who had played the cruel teacher, had been left by
Mr. Hogarth to remove the block of wax from between Melissa's
cheeks when that it had cooled solid.

Most of the wax was still liquid and m'Lady, wishing to cool it
faster, sent the minder to bring in a pail of fresh snow, and did
place handfuls of it on top of the hot wax.

Melissa's bottom was burning hot from the wax. Her skin just
above the hot wax was now freezing cold from the fresh snow and
her agony became even greater, and she shouted loud as she did
tug and struggle against her bindings.

The snow on her bottom did melt and the minder dried with a cloth
while Lady Frances did heap more fresh snow on the hot wax.

Melissa suffered fierce pain from the raging heat of the wax, and
next to that on her skin, the freezing cold of the snow.

At last the heat lessened and m'Lady did declare the wax cool
enough to lift the block from Melissa's bottom. She pressed with
her fingers into Melissa's tender cheeks and then on her painful
thighs, until the wax had been separated in all parts from her
flesh.

The minder did untie the bindings that held Melissa to the bench
at her ankles and thighs so m'Lady was able move Melissa's legs a
little apart and the block of wax, moulded to the exact shape of
Melissa's bottom and thighs, was free to move.

M'Lady then carefully lifted the warm block of wax free from
Melissa's bottom, and stood it flat side down on the floor.

The plasterer did later take it from there and made the first set
of paper weights and other things as I had told him.

The minder did press snow down on Melissa's hot flesh newly
uncovered, from where the melted wax had been on her bottom.

This change from burning hot to freezing was exceeding painful to
Melissa and the girl did howl and struggle e'en more against the
bindings that still held her body and wrists to the bench.

The six year old Melissa did at last calm and the minder did
untie her bindings and then carry her with the janitor up to her
bed, soothing her as they went, with:

"Poor dear Melissa! Did it hurt you dreadfully? Well, you are
alright now! We will look after you. I will use some special
ointment that will make you feel in Heaven, you will see!", and
more of the like.

Melissa could not understand why the minder and the janitor both
showed such particular concern for her: she knew nothing of their
being her mother and father.

With Melissa back on her bed the minder, her mother, gently
applied ointment of laudanum with a finger up inside Melissa's
bottom and over the parts where the melted wax and the freezing
snow had burned her tender skin. The ointment did flood her body
with a rosy pain-relieving cloud as the opium did take its
effect.

Melissa had barely time to drink a cup of beef broth, the only
food she had tasted that day, before she fell sound asleep and
did not awaken again until late on the following morning, sore
from her bruises and burns, and was kept in bed by the minder for
a long time to be gently rubbed with soothing balm, and she could
not sit easy on a bench or chair for near a week after.

Mr. Hogarth did inform me with much annoyance that Melissa had an
unmistakable expression of pleasure on her face after that the
larger wood handle of a carpentry tool had been slid up into her
bottom, and he was not able to understand it.

The etchings were to show severe pain and be called: "The Painful
Progress of the Idle Scholar".

As a result Mr. Hogarth did not use the sketches 8 and 9 where
the young girl of six did look to enjoy so greatly the thrusting
of a mighty large sliperie wood handle up into her bottom.

The six-year-old Melissa was by way of being treated as a hero at
the Great Orfanage after that the monies from the etchings began
to come in from the sales to the public, which did attest to
their wide use to terrify young students into working more
diligently at their studies.

Melissa herself remembered well the punishments shown in the
etchings. Whenever she looked at them she was filled with a
curiously wistful longing that she might have all of the
punishments done to her again, and feel again their terrible pain
and agony.

These etchings did prompt me to set aside a small room where
visitors could be taken after that they had witnessed the
punishments of some girls, and see the etchings, and to buy if
they so wished.

Plaster replicas of Melissa's bottom were sold also, made as
shown in the etching, from the wax impression taken of Melissa's
bottom.

Some were sold for use as a paper weight, others to hang as
decoration on a wall; yet others were stood so the legs pointed
upwards and a hole drilled so to take the end of a quill pen.

To put a quill into the hole was like to insert a thermo meter of
the Herr Doktor Fahrenheit into Melissa's bottom.

Other things did come to be added for visitors to buy such as
dildolls that had been much used for the girls, after that the
varnish had been worn thin by use. Also canes and paddles and
straps that had been much used upon the bottoms of the girls and
did need to be replaced.

These things that had been worn out by punishments to the girls
of the Great Orfanage did all sell for very much more than the
monies needed to replace them.

The Great Orfanage will alway thank the late William Hogarth,
Esq. for his great imagination in the punishments that he did
conceive for the young Melissa and for the considerable monies
that the etchings did generate for the Great Orfanage in the
early days of my work there.

