                                      DESPARATE HOUSWIVES 
                                                              Part 4 by Black Heart
                                                              


                    Sandi didn't have to worry about her son because Amanda had taken complete control shortly after they had arrived at her house.  It was bigger than Sandi's and just as luxuriously furnished with expensive pieces of furniture, plush rugs and beautiful pictures.  

                      Amanda looked around the richly furnished living room while Ryan sat silently across from her in a Lazy Boy chair.
 
                  Despite her earlier agreement with Sandi and sending her son off to spend the night with her she still had her doubts about the whole thing.

                  It felt so sick and perverted and there was the worry about who exactly would be watching as she and Ryan fucked.  What if something inadvertently got out to the general public and her family saw it.

                  She'd be screwed, totally and completely, she reasoned, but then if she didn't have sex with Ryan before the cameras and make a bunch of money from it, then she was screwed anyway.  It looks as if I am going to get fucked no matter what I do, so I might as well get on with it.

                   Amanda took a final look around the living room and its expensive decor to reassure her self.  Sandi is so right.  I love this place way too much to let it go without a fight.  She also thought of her brand new Lexus SUV.  It was her dream machine, her pride and joy which she knew she would never give up.

                  Decision made, Amanda turned towards Ryan who was still sitting silently in the chair across from her.  She couldn't read his thoughts but he had a scared, worried look on his face.  This will probably be his first real sexual experience and he is scared to death over it.  I guess I get to pop his cherry.  Amanda was amused at the idea and thought of the fun she could have teaching a young boy like Ryan the proper way to please a woman in bed.

                   "Well, what do  you think of your mother's idea?  Kind of screwy isn't it?

                      Ryan nodded in agreement.  He was starring silently at Amanda with his eyes glued to her big tits that always seemed to threaten to pop out of the top of whatever she was wearing.

                     He recalled the times at his mother's swimming pool when she strode around in a skimpy swimsuit and he got so turned on he had to quickly leave lest someone see the telltale bulge in his trunks.  Later that night he would masterbate  while imagining her naked.

                   Tonight was going to be so different.  The beautiful woman wore a halter top and tight shorts that boldly displayed her ample figure and he was going to get to see her totally naked.

                   "You okay with this," Amanda interrupted his reverie.

                    Ryan quickly nodded his head in agreement.
 
                     Oh, the boy was okay with it alright.  He appeared real eager to Amanda who felt his eyes moving up and down her body but mainly glued to her big boobs.  He couldn't seem to take  his eyes off them.

                  "Then what are you sitting over there for?" 

                  "Come over here and sit beside me," she said in an authoritative manner, and Ryan, still a kid enough to instantly obey such a command, quickly rose out of his chair and plopped himself down on the sofa beside her.

                  Amanda studied him with appraisal in her eyes.  He wore the usual baggy shorts and t-shirt that seemed to be almost a  uniform for teenagers these days.  He was a tall, slender boy but not thatskinny looking for he appeared quite muscular and wiry.  His hair was cut short and his face was youthful looking with a strong masculine chin and clean white straight teeth.

                 With Ryan now sitting beside her, she smiled at him and said "just relax."

                 "Don't worry about a thing, just do as I say and everything will be okay, in fact you may even enjoy it."

               "Yes," Ryan mumbled, his eyes still fastened to her chest.

                  "Boys," Amanda giggled to herself.  "They are all obsessed with one thing and that is big tits, so I guess that makes him normal."

                  "You ready then," she asked  him, and when Ryan, his eyes still on her boobs nodded, she said, "then let's give those perverts who are watching us a real show."

                 Ryan nodded again and Amanda told him, "then take your eyes off my boobs and give me a kiss, you'll get your fill of them later.  You'll be able to see them naked and play with them all you want," she told  him between long passionate kisses.

              In a few minutes Ryan was awkwardly pawing at them over  her halter top and trying to get his eager hands underneath it.

                "You be a nice boy and do exactly as I say," Amanda warned the boy who was growing more and more excited by the moment.  Kiss me again," she ordered and opened her mouth for his tongue.

                Good the boy is getting so turned on that he will be putty in my hands.
 
                Amanda shivered in excitement as she anticipated where that tongue would soon be.  He is going to be a very talented pussy eater before the night is through, she promised herself.

              "I'll teach him how to do things properly right from the beginning so every time we have to do this, and I am sure it will be at least a few times, he'll know exactly how to please me."  

                What a joke on Sandi that will be.  I'll turn her son into my private stud, that will teach her after all she got us into this mess.

                    Amanda then turned her complete attention back to Ryan.

                   The boy is a good kisser but eager as hell to get  his hands on my boobs so I might as well give him what he wants.  It will make it much easier to control him.

                   Amanda disengaged herself from the eager, panting boy and while he watched, with huge eyes she quickly took off her top and then her bra.  The boy's look was so priceless.  Amanda hoped one of the cameras captured the expression on his face.  She lay back on the sofa and allowed Ryan to maul and attack her naked tits with both hands,

               He was squeezing her big tits until her titty flesh burst out around his hands and then he began playing with her big nipples which rapidly sprang to attention.  They stood up like stubby eraser stubs and Ryan was eagerly taking each one in his hot wet mouth in turn to suck and lick them.

                Amanda felt like she was being eaten alive by the over eager boy, so she ordered him to stop.

                "Take off  your shirt now,' she ordered and Ryan quickly obeyed.  When he had pulled it over his head and tossed it on the floor, Amanda studied his naked chest.  Although she had seen him with no shirt on before, she had never noticed very much about him.  To her, he had just been an in mature little boy but now things were different.

                  Amanda thought he had a pretty good physique.  His chest was sporting a few manly hairs,he had good abs and looked quite strong and muscular.  She decided to have some fun with the boy and teach him a lesson.

             She playfully reached out and began moving her hands skillfully around Ryan's bare chest, even bending down to kiss and lick him gently along his neck before moving down to tease his nipples with her tongue and fingers.

               She laughed to herself as heard  him moan and jump in excitement.

                "Like that," she asked as she continued to carress his manly chest.?

                 "It's great, it feels wonderful."

                 "And how about this," Amanda asked as she suddenly began  a series of sharp little bites and harsh pinches on his now sensitive nipples..

                Ryan nearly jumped out of his skin.

                "Ouch, stop it hurts," he howled but Amanda continued for a few more seconds before quitting.

                "Then how do you think I feel when you did that to me.  It is very pleasurable to have a man play with my boobs and nipples.  However, they are quite sensitive and it hurts to have them roughly mauled like some kind of animal was attacking me.

                "Understand," Amanda chastised him

                  His ego deflated as well as some of his sexual excitement, Ryan nodded.

                 "I'm sorry, I didn't realize -----   I didn't mean to hurt you."

                 Lesson one learned, Amanda decided.  The boy looked so contrite, almost ready to cry, just like a little kid who had his toys taken away.

                 "That's okay," she told him.

                   "Here play with them again but this time be nice and gentle."

                    It was almost as if she were giving him back his toys and the boy was much more gentle this time as his eager hands took a hold of her naked tits and his mouth fastened on her nipples.

                   "Don't squeeze so hard, like you are going to pull them right off and suck on them nice and gently," she ordered the chastened boy who showed how well he had learned his lesson by obeying her to the letter.

                With the lesson fully learned. Amanda let him play with her naked tits for a few more minutes before telling him to stop.  She smiled to herself as Ryan in triumph as Ryan instantly obeyed.  The boy was indeed becoming putty in her hands.

                    "Now kiss me again."

                    "You have a nice tongue Ryan," she told him between hot, feverish kisses, "but be gentle and careful with it, just my tits.

                      There, that's better," Amanda encouraged Ryan as she felt his tongue softly flirt around hers and probe sweetly into her open mouth.

                       The boy learns quick, Amanda was thinking as she continued to kiss Ryan, but it is time to move on.  She told the boy to kneel in front of her and take off her shorts and panties.

              When Amanda planned for the evening she had decided  on something really sexy so instead of the usual sensible underwear that she wore, she had worn a g-string like garment.  It  consisted of a small patch of cloth over her pussy and a couple of strings to hold it in place.

             She watched as Ryan quickly dropped down to his knees in front of her and began pulling the flimsy garment off.  Her close cropped patch of pubic hair was soon displayed to his lust-filled eyes. Since she was a natural blond, the hair was light enough to show her pussy lips.

               "Now Ryan," she said after he starred big eyed at her naked cunt for a few moments.  "I am going to give you another lesson on pleasing women to make sure who ever you are with wants to come back to you for seconds."

               "Yes ma am," the boy mumbled without taking his eyes off her naked cunt.  It was the first one he had seen, not counting the ones he viewed on the internet.  Those always looked interesting enough to stare at while he whacked himself off, but this was much better because it was the real thing.

               "I want you to carefully pull apart the outer lips of my pussy and hold them open so you can see right inside."

                Ryan was quick to follow Amanda's instructions and he gazed in wonder at the interior of it, noticing its soft, pink color and the little bits of moisture already glistening along its lining.

               "Now use one of your fingers to keep it open and the other one to to gently probe it with an in and out motion.  We call it finger fucking."

                Amanda gasped loudly as she felt the boy's finger begin to titillate the sensative interior of her cunt.  It was very pleasurable as she felt herself lubricating like mad and getting more and more aroused.

              Ryan starred intently inside of her cunt and marvelled at the growing amount of moisture that it was producing.  He could smell her feminine juices which made him push his fingers even deeper into her gaping cunt.

                "See how wet you are making me," Amanda told the boy between soft grunts and moans as his busy fingers continued to turn her on.  That's because women love to have their pussy played with just like a man and his cock.'

               Amanda then began gasping out further instructions.

               "Women have a clit you know.  It is just as sensitive as a man's cock only a lot smaller.  It is located near the top of her pussy and it's protected by a little hood so you have to rub it until it comes out of its hiding place.  See if you find it"

               Amanda soon felt the boy's finger exploring the top entrance to her cunt.  It was already sopping wet and he made it even wetter before he managed to complete his task.

               "Is this it," he asked as his exploring fingers found her clit and began to softly rub it until it popped completely out of its hood.

                 "Yes," Amanda gasped and moaned loudly.  She almost went ballistic with the way the boy was teasing and rubbing her clit until it stood out as stiff as a miniature cock.

                Ryan was awe struck as he continued to tease it and tug at it until it was almost an inch in size.  This was what turned women on, he realized as listened to the lust-full noises Amanda was making and saw the way her naked body was almost in contortions as she humped herself against his 
fingers.

               Amanda was ready to have a climax just from the work of Ryan's fingers in her sopping wet cunt but she reluctantly called a halt to his actions to catch her breath because she knew what she really wanted and that was for him to go down on her.  After all, men always wanted their cocks sucked
whenever they were in control of things.  Well, she was in control now and she was going to get what she had promised herself when she started the evening with this boy.

           "You know how guys always like to have their cocks sucked, well women like the same thing so I want you to stick your tongue on my clit and lick and suck at it.
           Amanda waited with baited breath.  The boy seemed to hesitate for a moment as he pulled her cunt wide open and starred intently at it for a moment.  Then she felt his hot breath blowing into her gaping pussy as he lowered his face into her cunt.  Seconds later she felt his probing tongue find her clit and start to softly lick at it in long swirling motions across its sensitive top.

          "Yes,"  Amanda screamed and gasped loudly. Her whole body began to shake uncontrollably and her hips and ass rose right off the sofa as she tried to grind her gaping cunt right into Ryan's face.  

          When he tried to pull back, startled by her wild gyrations, she told him no, don't quit, keep doing it until I tell  you to stop."  To back up her demands with action, she used her hands to push Ryan's face right into her pussy and hold it there while the boy obediently continued to slave away at her engorged clit.

          In no time Amanda had a tremendous orgasm that left her gasping for breath. It was only that she took her hands off Ryan's head and allowed him to pull his face out of her cunt.
 
         When she managed to rouse herself after several moments, Amanda looked down at Ryan who was starring at her with a shocked look on his face.  The remnants of her wild orgasm clung to his face in the form of her feminine juices that glistened on his face.

            It was one of her best orgasms ever, Amanda thought as she luxuriated in its glow. Even better that when her ex had reluctantly did it to her.  But he had always wanted his cock sucked in exchange.  Typical men, all they cared about was getting their rocks off without worrying too much about a woman's needs.

                 Amanda looked down and smiled at Ryan who still knelt naked before her.

                "You were fantastic, as good, --- no better than most men." Amanda praised the boy who then smiled broadly at her.

               "You made me have a fantastic climax, now you get your reward."

               "You mean you are going to suck me now," Ryan asked in excitement.

                There was no way Amanda was going to give the boy a blow job and when she told him so, he looked crushed so she placated him by saying "now I am going to show you how to fuck my pussy."

             The thought of fucking Amanda was enough to keep Ryan happy as his cock was so painfully erect he just had to do something with it.

             When he stood up before Amanda and she grasped his cock that stood out from his stomach, she realized it wasn't a little boy woody Ryan had.  His cock looked to be the size of a man's.

            As he stood naked before her, Amanda skillfully frigged his cock, making it even bigger and harder.  Ryan felt so excited he thought he was going to come in her hands so he protested.

            "You promised we could fuck now and I have to do it, please," he moaned.

            It is going to feel good in my cunt, Amanda thought as she laid herself back on the sofa and spread her legs wide, inviting Ryan to lay on top of her.  When he did, she grabbed his cock and guided into her pussy.  Then with one excited thrust, the boy was into her to the hilt.  Amanda gasped loudly and wrapped her arms and legs tightly around him as Ryan wildly began to fuck her.  They were rapid, short thrusts and his hard cock continually brushed against her still sensative clit which sent Amanda into another tremendous orgasm.  Her pussy automatically clasped Ryan's cock and this made him come.  He stiffened and moaned loudly while her tightened cunt muscles milked him dry.

          They were exhausted and lay in each others arms for several moments before either one of them could stir.  The cameras recorded Ryan's now limp cock sliding out of Amanda's still gaping cunt.

      Her legs were still splayed out wide as little bits of his sperm came with it.  Although normally that would have been an obscene position for Amanda to be caught in, it didn't matter to her as she basked in the glow of her second orgasm of the evening.

         Well worth taking the time to teach the boy how to do things properly.  A few more practice sessions and he is going to be able to make a lot of women happy, Amanda thought.
           Ryan had a big smile on  his face as Amanda praised him yet again. It was  hard for him to
imagine that he had actually fucked Mrs. Peak, an object of many of his sexual fantasies. It was like living a dream when she told him good  he was.
           This was even better than his dreams, this is the real thing, he realized.  
           They rested for a while and as Ryan watched Amanda parading around the living room naked to get them each a drink, his sexual excitement rose and they fucked again on the sofa.  Then it was a quick shower together and when Ryan got yet another erection, they fucked one last time in the comfort of Amanda's bed.
            Amanda was so tired she quickly fell asleep and didn't even think about Sandi and her son.