Maggie's story: The Making of a Family Whore by Chris Hailey, Copyright 2017

Story codes: MF, mg(6-and older), bg, oral, first, incest (uncle/niece, dad/daughter, brother/sister)

Summary: A woman tells her story to an erotic writer in a very special way.

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

===============



"Yeah, I was pretty lucky to have a sister like you." The man leaned back in his chair, with a happy smile on his face.

"I was pretty lucky, too," the woman said. She was smiling just as dreamily as her brother. "Really lucky, actually."

The third person at the table that morning sat with his hands poised on the keyboard of his tablet. "Why don't you tell me about what happened, Maggie," he said to the woman. "Tell me how it happened."

"Well, okay." The woman shifted in her seat, not like she was nervous, more like she was preparing to tell a long story. She was a fine specimen, he noted, typing on his tablet. Tall and slender, early twenties, shoulder-length blond hair, a small bosom that disappeared under her gray teeshirt, narrow hips inside skin-tight jeans. "The first one was Uncle Robbie." She smiled to herself at the thought of her uncle. "God, Uncle Robbie liked getting blow jobs!"

"Don't we all!" the woman's brother exclaimed, and all three of the people around the table laughed. Her brother was a few years younger than her, though not too many. Similar in height and build.

"Go on," the man with the tablet said.

"What do you want me to tell you?" the woman asked. "Details?"

"Yeah," he answered. "The more, the merrier!"

They all laughed some more.

"I was six years old, the first time Uncle Robbie had me kiss his cock," she said, her pretty blue eyes twinkling with her memories. "He lived about a mile from us, and Daddy was just starting out a new job as a salesman, so Uncle Rob used to babysit us a lot when Daddy was on the road. Our mother was dead by then, about a year before I guess."

"Sounds about right," her brother said.

"Sorry to hear that," the man at the tablet said.

"Thanks," the woman said with a kindly smile. "So one night, we'd already put you to bed, Johnnie, you were still a toddler, maybe around two or three I suppose?" Her brother nodded. "And we were watching TV. Uncle Robbie always let me stay up late to watch TV with him. He was in a bad mood because his girlfriend was supposed to come over, but she stood him up."

"I don't remember her," her brother said, "but I hear she was a bitch."

"Yeah, I didn't like her, that's for sure. Uncle Robbie was always more fun when she wasn't around. So, you know, being a naive little girl, I asked him why he was upset, and he says that he just wanted to see her. I didn't understand that. I mean, he had me to hang out with, right? I was convinced that I was better company than her!" She laughed, and so did the two men listening to her story. "So I asked him why he wanted to see her so badly, and he just said something like, 'No reason, really. I was just hoping...' I remember he paused, trying to decide what to say, or whether he ought to say what he wanted to say. But then he adds, 'I was planning to do "grown-up things" with her.'

"Well, what's a six-year-old girl that adores her uncle going to say to that?" She laughed again, and so did the other two. "I didn't really know what he meant by 'grown-up things,' but I knew enough to know that I wanted to find out."

"You were a hussy even then!" her brother said.

She grinned. "I really liked Uncle Rob. I thought he was the handsomest man on Earth, except for Daddy, of course. I knew I could be a better girlfriend than What's-her-name, the bitch. So I just say, 'I'm almost a grown-up.'"

"You were six years old, and you said you were 'almost a grown-up?'" The man laughed at that. The woman and her brother did, too.

"Yep, that's totally what I was like! So Uncle Robbie says, 'You are, Maggie. You're a little woman, aren't you?' Oh God, that made me feel happy to hear him say that! So I'm like, 'Yes! I am!' And he smiles at me, looks at me for a second, like he's thinking some more about what to say. I just smiled back at him. And then he finally says, 'So, since you're almost a grown-up, do you want to do grown-up things with me? Like what I'd do with What's-her-name'--his girlfriend, I forget her name--'if she was here?' I was so excited! All I could do was nod."

The man at the tablet was typing away. Her brother was grinning.

"'Well,' he says," the woman continued, "Stacy'--or whatever her name was--'first, she'd kiss me.' So of course I say, 'I can kiss you.' I was so excited! I remember him putting his tongue in my mouth, right then, our first kiss, my first kiss, he's already got his tongue down my throat. It was weird, but I liked it, and the more he did it, the more fluttery it made me feel, and I really liked that. Like it tickled, only even more. And not just in my mouth, but all over."

"That's sweet," the man at the tablet said.

"Then, after we kissed a bit, he says, 'She kisses other places, too.' 'Where else?' I asked him, even though I think I had an idea where else. So he says, 'Will you kiss me wherever I tell you to, Maggie?' And of course I nodded. I was very enthusiastic."

Her brother and the man at the tablet laughed. "I can tell," the man said.

The woman laughed, too. "When Uncle Robbie started unbuttoning his pants, I knew where he wanted me to kiss him. Oh my God I was so excited! And when he pulled them down, I was just amazed at how big his cock was. Huge!" She looked over at her brother with twinkling eyes. "All the guys in our family have big dicks, don't they, Johnnie?"

Her brother smiled, a little blush in his cheeks. "I guess."

"Oh, they do, trust me!" she laughed. "So once he had his pants down, Uncle Robbie didn't even need to tell me what to do. I was so excited, I just leaned right over and started kissing it, little kisses, all over it. I remember him groaning. He always groaned when I kissed his cock."

"Tell me about kissing his cock," the man at the tablet said. "What did you think? Did you like it?"

"Oh God I loved it!" the woman said. "It was so warm, I remember I just put my cheek against it because it felt so nice and warm. And so hard, I couldn't believe how hard it was, and it smelled so good! I just love the way a cock smells, you know? And I loved the taste of it, too. Oh God I'm getting horny now, just thinking about it!"

"That's good!" the man with the tablet said, grinning. "I love a girl who gets turned on when she tells me her story. Keep going."

"Well, I didn't really know what I was doing, you know? I was just giving him lots of kisses, little girl kisses, you know? 'Kitten kisses' is what he called them. He liked to call me his kitten. At some point, the poor guy was feeling needy, you know, so he wrapped his hand around his cock and started jacking off. That meant that all I could do was kiss his head, since his hand was in the way of the rest of him. I guess I could've kissed his balls, but hadn't done that yet. I didn't do that until he asked me to a few days later. At any rate, I just gave his big beautiful head little kisses while he jacked off."

"Cool," the man at the tablet said. "What happened? Did he cum?"

"Oh yeah," the woman said dreamily. "Like a volcano. All over my little six-year-old face."

"Wow!"

"I was completely plastered with cum. And I loved it. It was warm and sticky and gooey. It was awesome! When he helped me clean up, he asked me if I knew what it was, and I told him 'no,' although I think I had some idea. So once I was cleaned up, we snuggled back up on the couch and he told me everything, about sperm, and sex, and babies."

"Cool."

"I told him I wanted to have sex with him. I did! Right then, when he was telling me about it! I think I even told him I wanted to have his babies."

"You really were a hussy!" her brother said teasingly.

"I was! I knew I wanted to have sex, even then. It made him laugh, when I said all that, which made me a little mad. I guess I thought he was being a little condescending, you know? So was like, 'Why not? You said I was a woman!'

"'You are, Maggie,' he says. 'My little woman.' That made me happy again. But he said that even though I was his little woman, I was still too young to have sex. I was so disappointed! But he promised me that some day, as soon as possible, he'd make love to me. I remember that he used the words 'make love.' I really liked that."

"Sweet," the man with the tablet said.

"And he said that we could do lots of things before then, lots of grown-up things, so I was really really happy."

"That's pretty awesome," the man with the tablet said. "So what happened after that?"

"I guess I just went to bed."

"No, I mean..."

"Oh, of course. After that, well, pretty much every time he babysat, at least if the bitch didn't come over--God I hated it when she came over!--where was I? Anyway, the next couple times he just jacked off onto my face, like the first time. And I was fine with that, I loved it. But I didn't have any idea how good it was going to get!"

"Yeah?"

The woman smiled at the man with the tablet. "It was maybe the fourth or fifth time that we did it, that he told me he wanted me to take my clothes off. He told me he wanted to teach me how to be a stripper. I stripped completely naked for him while he sat there jacking off, watching me strip and telling me what to do. That was the first time that I realized my body could turn a man on, and I loved it. I love that feeling, seeing how my body can turn men on. And I absolutely loved being naked in front of him."

"That's so sweet."

"Yep. Once I was naked, he had me get down on my knees and open my mouth really wide. That was the first time that I gave him a proper blow job, you know, a proper head job. I mean, it wasn't really a proper one, I couldn't really fit much of it in, just the tip. He jacked off into my mouth. That was the first time he came in my mouth."

"Wow," the man at the tablet said. "How'd it go? Did you swallow it?"

"Oh yeah!" she answered enthusiastically. "I didn't get much of it in my mouth, mostly it landed on my face, and my chest. But I definitely swallowed what I could, without him even asking me to. I was a cum slut, even then!"

"A six-year-old cum slut!" he brother said.

She giggled. "After that, we were always naked. I always stripped for him. Oh, and it was right around then that his bitchy girlfriend stopped coming over. I don't know if they broke up or what, but back then, I convinced myself that he dumped her because he liked doing 'grown-up' things with me more than her."

"I'm thinking he probably did," the man at the tablet said.

"Well, I sure liked doing 'grown-up' things with him," she said with a giggle, followed by a sigh. "I'll never forget the first time he had me lay down on the couch and he knelt on the floor next to me and kissed me all over. When he kissed my nipples, sucked them, you know, I was in absolute heaven. Oh my God! It felt so good, tingles all through my body. And that wasn't even one tenth as great as it felt when he kissed my pussy. Oh God I'm so horny, thinking about it!"

"Feel free to..." the man at the tablet began to say.

"Really? You wouldn't mind?"

"No! Of course not! When a girl's gotta rub one off, she oughta..."

"Would you mind if I strip for you?" she interrupted him again. "That's what really gets me horny."

"Jesus," the man said, barely able to speak. "Please, do!"

"I'll tell you then next part while I strip, okay?"

All the man could manage was a nod.

The woman stood up. She started lifting her shirt. "It was maybe about a year later, I suppose. I think I was seven by then. Uncle Robbie and Daddy were hanging out, drinking beer and watching a game. You were there, too, Johnnie, remember?" Her brother nodded. She pulled the shirt over her head, a blue-and-white bra with a pink bow between the cups hiding the little charmers on her chest. "It was in the afternoon, a Saturday afternoon. And I was feeling very horny. I wanted to play with Uncle Rob. But Daddy was there, so all I could do was just snuggle up against Uncle Robbie while they watched TV."

She leaned over to unhook her sandals, her little breasts aiming right at the man as they hung down inside her bra. "I didn't have any idea what Uncle Robbie had told Daddy about what we did, and I hadn't told him a thing." She stood back up, having kicked off the sandals, and smiled at the man. "I was a good girl, you know. I knew how to keep a secret."

"Excellent."

She started unbuttoning her pants. "But Uncle Robbie could tell I was feeling horny. He knew me by then. He knew what I was like. So he says, 'Hey, Carl, I got an idea.' And Daddy says, 'Yeah?'" She shimmied her pants, skin-tight against her slender legs, down her thighs, revealing a little pair of blue-and-white panties with a little pink bow that matched her bra. The man with the tablet wondered if she'd worn the sexy little underwear on purpose, like she'd planned to strip for him before they'd even met.

"So Uncle Robbie says, 'Maggie, why don't you strip for your daddy and me?' Oh God, I was so thrilled by that idea! I'd secretly been thinking about Daddy a lot, wondering if he'd want to do grown-up things with me like Uncle Rob did." She pulled her pants off completely and folded them and put the on the table. "I could see that Daddy was smiling. I knew he wanted me to strip for him. So I just stood up in front of them--you, too, Johnnie, right?" Her brother nodded in agreement. "And I started stripping."

She reached around her back and unhooked her bra. As the cups hung loosely over her tits, she slipped the bra straps from her shoulders, holding the cups in place. "Do you want to see my titties, mister?" she said in a little girl voice to the man with the tablet. He licked his dry lips as he nodded. "Can I call you 'Daddy?'"

"Yes," he said, his voice cracking. "I'd like that."

"Are you hard, Daddy?" she asked him in that little girl voice, still holding her bra in place.

"Yes," he said. He could see her brother grinning as he watched his sister-cum-seductress, doing what she did best: turning on a man.

She smiled at the man's answer. "Maybe we can do something about your poor hard-on in a little while," she said.

"That'd be nice."

"Yeah? You want a blow job, Daddy?"

"That'd be nice," he said again, nearly at a loss for words.

The bra fell to the floor. The woman had the sweetest little pair of baby tits, not much more that what you'd expect to see on a twelve-year-old girl. Her nipples were a perfect pink, with stiff reddish nubs in the center of each.

"I gave them both blow jobs that day, both Uncle Rob and Daddy. By then, I was pretty good at it. I'd had a lot of practice with Uncle Rob. They didn't have to use their hands, I stroked them off all by myself, like a big girl."

"That's good," the man with the tablet said.

"That's definitely how Daddy felt. He called me his babygirl and told me that he loved me. I thought he smelled and tasted even better than Uncle Robbie. And I was so happy when he came. I swallowed all of it, and I was so happy! It tasted different than Uncle Robbie's. Better."

"That's interesting," the man at the tablet said.

The woman giggled. "All guys taste different, you know. I wonder how yours tastes."

"I wouldn't know, I guess."

She giggled again. "Do you want to see my pussy, Daddy?" She hooked her fingers in the waist band of her panties.

"Yes!" the man said, breathless.

"You are like my daddy! So impatient!" She slowly pulled the panties down, revealing a bald pussy mound. "I'll never forget how he stared as I pulled my panties down for him the first time. Nice and slow..." The waist of her panties lowered, revealing just the beginning, the very top, of her cleft. "I knew how to strip by then. Uncle Robbie had taught me just what to do to turn on a man. I could tell that Daddy was almost going to beg to see my kitty. Just like you." She walked closer to the man, with her panties half-way down. "Don't worry, though, Daddy," she said, when she was right in front of him. "I like to tease, but I really like to please."

With that, she dropped the panties to the floor. She was completely bald. Shaven clean. A little pink button poked out from inside her pale slit, but otherwise her baby pussy was tiny and tight. The look was exquisite: with her little tits, and her bald pussy, and her long slender legs, she looked for all the world like a twelve-year-old girl just beginning to become a woman.

Naked now, she knelt in front of the man and began unbuttoning his pants. "You can fuck me, Daddy, if you want." She looked up at him. "That's exactly what I told him, that very day."

"What did he say?"

"What would you have said, Daddy? What would you say to a seven-year-old girl that asks you to fuck her?" She pulled his pants down and gripped his aching cock.

"I... I don't know what I'd say," the man stammered.

The woman leaned down and kissed his cockhead, then looked up at him. “Would you leave me all disappointed?"

"No... God no! I don't think I could have turned you down!"

She smiled up at him. "I wish I'd known you then! But Daddy, he was like Uncle Robbie. He told me I'd have to wait." She took his head into her mouth and gave it a suck. "So I had to be satisfied just giving him a blow job."

"Poor thing."

"I know, right?" She stood up, then climbed on his lap, straddling his legs. "Daddy didn't take my cherry until I was ten years old. Although..." She reached down and slid his cockhead along her pale slit. "...Uncle Robbie liked to rub his cock against my little virgin cunny, and jack off with his tip just inside." She slipped the tip of the man's cock between her lips and started jacking him. "But he never put it all the way in, no matter how much I begged. Not until after Daddy took my cherry."

"Poor thing," the man said again.

"Yes, poor me," the woman said. "I just want cock so badly!" She pushed her hips forward, and the man's cock slid inside her. He groaned from the feeling of her wet hot cunt as it reluctantly accepted him into her little hole. She smiled at his groaning. "I'm tight, aren't I, Daddy?" she said.

"Oh God, yes!"

"That's what all the guys say, right, Johnnie? As tight as a virgin."

"That's right, sis," her brother said. "Tight as a virgin."

"But as willing as a whore," she added. She started sliding her hips, fucking the man as she straddled his lap.

"Tell me about the first time," the man said, breathless as his cock burrowed in and out of her tight canal. "Tell me about when your daddy took your virginity."

"Oh, that was so special!" the woman said, with great enthusiasm. "Daddy was so sweet to me. It took forever for me to convince him I was ready. I just remember how wonderful it was, to be lying underneath him. He was so strong, you know? So powerful." She continued rocking her hips, her pussy fragrant and dripping girlcum now.

"Did it hurt?"

"I guess, a little. But I didn't care. I wanted him inside me so badly! I just held him and kissed him the whole time, and he called me his babygirl and told me he loved me. It was so beautiful!"

"Thats very sweet. Did he cum? Inside you?"

"Oh God..." She was moving faster on his lap now, the sound of her sloppy sex filling the room. "I wouldn't have let him pull out, even if he'd wanted to!"

The man groaned. He was moving his hips now, in rhythm with hers.

"I slept with him every night after that. His bed was mine. Ours. He fucked me every night, literally every night. He couldn't get enough of his little daughter." She smiled at the memories, and at the feeling of the new man inside her. "I always tried to give him a blow job before I left for school in the morning, too. I loved tasting his cum in my mouth while I sat in class."

"Oh God!" He held her hips now, powerfully thrusting his.

"Oh, yeah," she whispered, her eyes closed. "Fuck me, Daddy. Cum inside me!"

The man stood up now, holding her by the ass, still impaling her. He pushed her roughly onto the table and began railing her again. She smiled up at him.

"Uncle Robbie fucked me, too, after that. Daddy must have told him that he popped my cherry, because he fucked me the very next time we were together. After that, I was Daddy's babygirl, and Uncle Robbie's little slut. I still am. Daddy's got a new wife now, so we don't do it much anymore, but Uncle Robbie still fucks me whenever he can. He's got a wife now, too, she's even pregnant, but he doesn't care. He always tells me I'm his 'number one.'"

"Oh, God... And what about... What about your brother?" he asked, all breathless now. "When did you two start..."

"Finish up, Daddy. I'll tell you when you're done."

The man lifting his head in the air, and bellowed. And he came, pumping the sweet girl full.

He sat down in his chair again when he was done, breathing hard. She slid off the table and knelt in front of him and smiled up at him. "Uncle Robbie taught me to always clean the man up when he's done." And she leaned down and begin to lick his cock, and his balls, lapping up with eagerness the remains of their sexual encounter. As she cleaned him, she continued the tale.

"Johnnie and I played together a lot, didn't we, Johnnie?"

"We sure did," her brother said.

"I remember teaching you how to lick my pussy. You probably weren't even five years old yet. And suck my little nipples. You got really good at it, didn't you?"

"Um hum," her brother said, watching his sister clean the man.

"Eventually you started to be able to get a hard on." She sat back, satisfied that she'd finished with her cleaning duties. "God, I loved your little prick! That's when I first learned how to do deep throat. It was so much easier with your little cock."

"It was pretty fucking awesome," her brother said.

The girl stood up and walked over to him, her legs still a little shaky from the hard fucking the man had just given her. She knelt and started unbuttoning her brother's pants.

"How old were you, when you two first had sex?" the man asked, pulling his pants back up.

The woman couldn't answer. Her mouth was full of her brother's cock now.

"I was, I guess I was nine? So you were twelve, Maggie?"

"Mmmhmm," the woman said around his cock. She went down deeper, taking him into her throat.

"Ugggg..." the young man groaned. "God, it was so nice! The first time I came was in her cunt!"

She pulled off, breathing hard. "It was? You sure it wasn't in my mouth?" She went back down, all the way now, her nose in his pubic hair and her chin against his balls.

He put his hands on top of her head. "I don't know, either way."

"I can see why you say you're lucky to have a sister like Maggie," the man said.

"No fucking kidding!" Johnnie shouted, his legs shaking and his hips bucking. She went down hard on him, taking him all the way, deep into her throat, as he came.

The woman pulled off after he'd finished, and stood. She walked back to the table and picked up her panties. "Do you think you have enough to write a story now?"

The man looked at the notes he'd typed in his tablet. "I think so. I might need a few more follow-up interviews, though."

The woman and her brother laughed. "I bet you'll need lots of follow-ups, won't you?!?" she said as she strapped her bra back on.

"I think I probably will," he agreed.

"Good!" the woman said. "Just text me whenever, you can come right over. And don't worry about your wife. Remember, I'm a good girl, I can keep a secret."

He nodded. "That's good."

"And remember, too," she said as she pulled her pants back on and slipped her shirt over her head. "Tight as a virgin, and as willing as a whore."

"I'll never forget that!"




[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com  Thanks!]
