Several days passed since Denise, Marge, George and I were at the
house and all was going along quite well.  Well, hell, better
than expected would be more like it.

Denise, a beautiful married woman, was being blackmailed by me
and her friend Barbara was in debt to me for her gambling
mistakes and working it off by doing some adult videos.  Life
was good, and soon it was to get better.

Id been avoiding Fran the catering lady, but now had run out of
excuses, so I agreed to meet her for lunch of all things.  When I
arrived, I frankly didnt see her, but when she called my name my
attention turned to the nearby table where she was seated.

Instead of the image I was use to of the catering lady, Fran was
appearing as a different person.  Her hair and makeup was done to
perfection and her work cloths was replaced by a form fitting
cotton pullover.  Hi, I said, I didnt recognize you for a
minute.  Is that a good or bad thing, she asked.  Good, I guess.
She smiled and said she was happy with that answer.

So what is it you want from me, I asked.  Everything, she said
with a smile.  Really, I said.  Yes, really.  And what are you
offering me, I asked.  Everything, she again said with a smile. 
Everything covers a lot of territory, I said.  Yes, I know she
said, but Im ready and willing.

She continued, look Im not the tall slender Barbie, but that
doesnt mean I dont have what it takes.  Im short, a bit
overweight for my height, but Im not rolly polly sloppy if you
ever look at me, she said.  Ill admit that I probably dont get
as much attention as the Barbies, and maybe that accounts for my
being more willing to do different things, she continued.  So, I
know, I feel it in my bones, that things happen in your place,
and Im wondering if maybe I can be a part of them, she asked.

Well, I dont know, I said.   Look pleaselets go back to your
place and give it a try.  If youre unhappy, then at least we
tried, whats the harm in trying, she asked.  Nothing, I suppose,
but you may not like the different things, I said.  Try me, she
said.

Okay, I said, meet me at the house tomorrow at 7 pm.  Okay she
said.  Anything else.  Yes, one more thing I said. When you stand
up to leave, I want to snap your picture with the camera phone so
smile.   Fran stood up and put one hand on her hip and smiled for
the camera.

After returning to the office, I contacted a group of collectors
to inquire if there would be any interest in Fran sending along
the photo that I took of her at lunch.  Two of the men wrote back
expressing an interest and wanting more information.

The first said hed only be interested if she was never
photographed before and the 2nd, my buddy who was interested in
Barbara earlier expressed some interest and said hed get back to
me with some ideas.   The next morning I received a note from a
new collector that told me another had forwarded him my mail and
that he would compensate me for what he hoped to be a first for
Fran.  But regardless, first or not, he wanted me to follow a
script and asked where to send it.

I replied that he should let me know the overall story in the
script and how much he wanted to pay.  Within minutes I had a
brief outline and an offer of $3000 for the video.  I then had
him send me the full script via email and sent him instructions
about paying and receiving the video.  Nothing exciting, just
some mechanics to insure all our safety.

The time arrived and the doorbell rang. I went to the door and
Fran was there.  Didnt want to use my key she said, as this
isnt anything to do with catering.  Well come on in, I said. 
Would you like a drink or anything, I asked.

No, Im fine she said, now you going to talk to me and let me in
on things.  Well, somethings, I said with a smile.  Youre
right, there are some wild things happening here and you may not
want to be a part of them, I said.  Can I be the judge of that,
she asked.  Well yes, I said, but realize that once I tell you a
few things, I need to know and have some good insurance that you
are going to keep the knowledge to yourself.  I think you can
trust me, she said.  After all, Ive a key to your house, and
nothing has ever been taken and Ive certainly never said
anything about the things, like the bra the other day, to anyone,
not even the folks who work for me.  Also, Im here to have fun,
and I hope you can see that, she said.

Okay, Fran, let me give you an overview, I said.  Im a
collector.  Collector?  Yes, I collect photos and videos.  Oh
shit, you make porn movies, she said.  Is that a good or bad
thing, I asked.  No, no, its exciting she said.  But, who are
your stars, she asked.  Doesnt matter I said, were talking
about you right now.

Okay, what about me, she asked.  Well, I know you one way, so
lets forget about all of that and find out more about the real
you.  Sure, fine, Ive no secrets, fire away, she said.  Okay,
then lets run through things, age, sizes, education, likes,
dislikes, limits and so one, so just tell me everything about
yourself.

Okay, Im 37 years old, divorced, no children.  I graduated from
college and started my business with money from my divorce
settlement.  The business has more than tripled in size and
volume and I hope it will continue to grow even further.

Continue, I said.  Well, Im 51 and carry some extra weight, but
Im not sloppy fat.  I wear a size 12 dress, though Im losing
some weight.   Ive got big boobs and they tend to make me look
bigger than I really am.  What else, she asked.

Likes, dislikes, I reminded her.  Yea, I like sex and dislike
dirty smelly people.  So you wouldnt fuck the panhandler, I
joked.  No way, she said.  And when was the last time you got
fucked, I asked.  3 weeks ago she said. Tell me about it, I said.
 Nothing much to tell.  Guy works for one of the companies that
deliver to me and weve jokingly had a running gag.  Anyway, 3
weeks ago he came in late after phoning about that major accident
on the expressway, so I waited for him.  After bringing the stuff
inside I offered him a cool drink and told him to relax some as
the traffic wouldnt be breaking up for another 30 minutes.  He
said the only way he could relax would be to get a blowjob.  I
said fine and reached for his zipper and the rest is history.

So you like to fuck, I said.  Yes, the more the better she said.
Any dislikes, no nos.  Just pain, Im not into that she said. 
So, Fran, lets say that I think up something really wild and
suddenly you are in the middle of it, what happens.  I dont
understand, she said, what do you mean.  Well, are you going to
trust me and continue or are you going to scream and bolt for the
door.   Ill trust you, she said.  I dont think youll hurt me,
least ways I hope not.  No, certainly not, I said.

Lets see what youre offering, I said.  You want me to get
undressed, she asked.  Thats the idea, I said, lets do the top
first.  Here, she asked.  Yes, here, I said, you have a problem.
No, no said Fran as she crossed her arms and pulled the cotton
top up and over her head, exposing her bra.

Lets see, I said, pointing to her chest.  Fran, reached behind
her and unhooked her bra unleashing her tits.  The bra, I said. 
She handed me the bra and I read the label.  40DD.  Show me how
you play with your tits, I said.

Fran, looked at me, but then began to play with her tits and
pinch her nipples.  I then instructed her to bend forward so her
tits hung free beneath her and continued to shake and play with
them.  Okay, now the rest of the cloths, I said.  Fran,
unfastened her belt, undid her pants and slid them over her hips,
then stepped out of them.  She then inserted her fingers into the
elastic bands of her panties and pushed them down her legs and
stepped out of them as well.

Thats quite a bush you have there, I said.  Is that a good or
bad thing, she asked.  Both, I said, now have a seat I said,
motioning her to one of the chairs. Put your legs up and show me
your pussy, I said.  Fran, lifted her legs and draped each over
the arms of the chair exposing her hairy cunt to me eyes.  Make
yourself wet, I said.  Fran looked at me, and I said, masturbate.
 Fran said, Id much rather you get me wet.  Well for a start,
well do it this way, I said.
Fran, began playing with herself and rubbing her clit.  What
about your tits, I asked.  She reached up and began pulling on
one of her nipples, while slipping a finger in and out of her
love hole.

It didnt take long before Fran was moaning quietly and her pussy
was quite wet.  Look at this, I said, handing her a large dildo.
See the marks, I asked.  Yes, she whimpered.  Each one represents
an inch.  Lets see how many inches you can take.  I got on my
knees in front of the chair and pushed the head of the dildo to
her gaping hole.  You guide me, I said, as she reached down and
guided the head past her swollen lips and into her love hole.

I pushed a little further and noticed that 6 inches had slipped
into her.  I moved my hand away as I took Frans hand and put it
on the shaft.  Have fun, I said stepping back to watch.  Fran
continue to stroke herself with the dildo easing in another 2
inches as she humped the dildo.  She now started to squirm some
and seemed to be hitting a wall where she couldnt get any more
of the dildo into her hole.  But, then she relaxed her body, and
as if with a second wind pushed the dildo further in.  It
hesitated a second, but then easily slid further into her.   I
continued to watch as she busied herself fucking the dildo.  I
moved her hand away from her pussy and looked at the dildo.
Almost 11 was buried in her.  I grabbed the dildo and twisted it
so it rotated inside her and she moaned loudly, yes yes, please
dont stop.

I continued as she began to organism and I started to play with
her anus to add to her pleasure.  Finally Fran screamed her
pleasure and fell silent with just her heavy breathing being
heard.  I pealed back her pussy to see the dildo still in her and
began to unveil her clit while I pulled and pushed on the dildo.
She maintained her excited state and was very multi-orgasmic.  I
finally pulled the dildo from her pussy as she emitted a small
cry of disappointment.

Here Fran, lets see what you can do with this, I said, moving my
cock to her face. She took it and began running her tongue all
over the shaft and kissing the swollen purple head, finally
opening her mouth and sucking the entire length without missing a
beat.  As I started to fuck her face, my hands garbed her tits
and I began playing with each and working her nipples, which were
quite large.  After a few minutes, I knew I was going to explode,
so I moved my hands to the back of Frans head and I pumped her
face faster and faster, till I exploded and filled her throat and
mouth with my hot load.  Fran didnt miss a beat, but swallowed
it all and continued to suck me dry.

Howd I do, she asked in a little while.  Fine, just fine, I said
as I teased her nipple with my fingertip.  You like my tits she
asked.  Yes, youve got a nice rack, I replied.  So, how much did
I get in me, she asked.  Huh, I responded, oh about 11 inches I
replied.  Oh my she said, I didnt think I could take that much,
but guess I did, didnt I.  You certainly did, I said.

Well I need to freshen up, she said.  Okay, you know where it is,
just leave the door open I said.  You want to watch, she asked. 
Sure, why not, I said, as we both got up and headed to the
bathroom.  I raised the toilet seat and told Fran to squat over
the bowl.  She backed over the bowl and then squatted down.  In a
few seconds a stream of piss was coming from her and into the
bowl.  You like that, she asked.

Not really, I said, but sometimes like now, its fun to just watch
your pussy.  Oh, okay, she said.  Hand me a tissue she said.  I
handed her a tissue and watch her as she wiped herself, now what,
she asked.

I get my camera and take some pictures of you, I said.  Okay,
said Fran, how do you want me to pose.  I had her pose around the
chair, showing her tits hanging over the edge and certainly
photos of her pussy and hands as she fingered herself and I also
too a few pictures of my hand and fingers up close and personal
with her tits and pussy too.

When I finished, I had her give me another blow job and it was
again quite enjoyable, not that I dont enjoy them, but you know,
sometimes, well they just are kind of ho hum.  Ever been with a
woman, I asked. No, not really, she replied.

What do you mean, not really.  You either have or you havent, I
said.  Seems to me also, that all these houses you get into, that
maybe some of the wives would want to offer up a trade or
something, I said.  Well they arent all that way, laughed Fran.
But some are, I said.  Yes, certainly, and some of the offers
have been interesting, she said.  Such as, I inquired.

Well, one customer about a month or two ago told me she was
jealous of my boobs as she was only a B cup and her husband
always talked about big tits.  So, I said.  So, she asked me if
Id stop by after their company left and give her husband a
special birthday present.  Another lady, who has parties quite
often, asked me if Id leave Carlos at the house.  I asked her
what she needed him to do, and she said she was so fucking horny
that she needed him to fuck her good.

And you have customers like this.  Sure, said Fran, and sometimes
its tempting, but well, gee I dont know she said, why do you
ask.  Just thinking, it might be nice to maybe have you introduce
me to some of these horny ladies, I said with a grin.  So you can
increase your collection, she said.  Exactly, you have a problem
with that, I asked.

No, but you havent told me if Ill be a part of it, or was this
just a mistake.  No, not a mistake, I said.  Matter of fact Ill
have some very special situations for you.  Okay she said.  Just
remember I said, your committed so there is no turning back. 
Okay, she said, just no pain.  Well, sometimes like today, that
big dildo could have hurt.  Thats not what Im talking about,
said Fran.  I mean, no beatings, no piercing me, burning me, and
stuff like that.  Not a problem, I said, dont even worry about
stuff like that.

Tell you what, I said, Ill give you a call and well see how it
goes, I said.  Okay, she said as she began to dress herself to
leave.


