THE MALACCA CANE

BY PENT

An erotic bookseller I know unearthed this letter for me:

My darling lovely Melissa, i do so miss you :-( but i hope you
are enjoying college even more than this school. i've got to tell
you . . . i had the most awful punishment yesterday. It was
terribly embarassing and i was covered in shame in front of the
whole class, but i've just got to tell you about it. Promise you
wont laugh at me too, Melissa?!!

It was in Mr. Scott's Double Science class - you remember the
one, an hour of Class followed by two hours of Science Lab? Well
i've been taking it out on Scotty lately because he's the same
sarcastic nerd that you knew and its my last semester and your
college has already accepted me . . . and i cant wait to join you
there :-)

Well anyway, i always thought i could be as smartass as i liked
with Scotty, he could only paddle me and as you know (!) i'm
actually getting to look forward to that . . . though he doesnt
seem to realize it :-) No way can the school expel me with Dad
permanently away in the corps diplomatique - after all, whats a
private school for ;-) i must admit though that i'd been getting
really a bit too rude to Scotty lately!!

Well we were only about twenty minutes into the Class when Scotty
called on me with some question about magnetic poles and i just
said it depended how big the knob was on the end!! and the class
laughed. Well he just went up in the air and i was looking
forward to a stinging hot bottom and wondering if i could stop
from crying this time . . . . .

He seemed to rise nicely to the bait and shouted at the top of
his voice: Come here Heather; Mary . . . senior prefect . . .
lock the door. (You remember? it's like an hotel room and the
lock makes a notice show outside: "Do Not Disturb" ;-)

When i got up to the front he said: Remove your panties and tuck
your skirt up into your belt . . . all round, back and front.
That was the first i knew anything different was about to happen.
Then he said: Hold your hands out in front of you. i thought he
was going to paddle me on my hands . . . but he tied my wrists
together instead with that chamois leather he always has to dry
beakers.

Next he sat in his usual punishment chair facing the class and
pulled me over his lap, and started with his wooden paddle on my
bare bottom. He must have given me twenty getting harder all the
time. It stung like hell and i was getting really warm and wet.

i tried very hard at the start to look brave but i was soon
crying my eyes out . . . Next thing he said still holding me
firmly down on his lap: You asked about the size of the knob on
the end, Heather . . well now you will be able to judge for
yourself!!

You know that Malacca cane he sometimes carries? the one with a
silver knob on the end? the top tapers a bit so it looks like a
small pear? Well he pushed the top all the way up in between my
cheeks until it was on my hole in my bottom saying: I've dipped
this in lab grease so theres no point trying to resist, Heather,
it will slide in very easily . . . as i push it . . . and turn
it.

And he began to move the other end of the cane, the tip, around
in a circle, just as though he was stiring a cake mix, while he
pushed the knob in towards my bottom! The cheeks of my
freshly-spanked bottom felt extra sore being pushed around like
this i can tell you!

He pulled the knob away from my bottom, then slid it back in
between my cheeks again and pushed while he turned the tip of the
cane in an even bigger circle and this mushed my cheeks around
even more! i had my head half turned and could see what he was
doing!

He did this in-and-out between my cheeks about six times . . .
and i was getting wet again with the slippery sexy feel of the
silver knob sliding and slithering around on my tender lips there
. . . . then the smooth silver knob suddenly just popped into my
bottom without any pain or problem just like that!!!

I was so surprised i think all i did was give a big gasp as the
silver knob slid right up into me as easy as could be . . and
Melissa it felt heavenly as the big round end kept moving on up
into my bottom.

He said: Now Heather you must go and show off to your friends
just how smart and clever you look, I'll help you up on your feet
. . slowly now, I'm holding the cane in your bottom so you dont
bang it on anything, you dont want to hurt yourself! . . . right
. . . now go and walk slowly all the way along the aisles between
the desks, both ways! up and down the room then across it, and
come back again . . . keep your body upright and dont worry about
my cane, the knob can't possibly come out while you are standing
up straight!

Well i walked along the aisles and the heavy cane dangled between
my legs and it swung around all over the place and hit my legs as
i walked. It gave a wonderfully sexy feeling, i only wished i had
been alone to enjoy it . . . but the class started to snicker and
they all ended up staring at me and laughing outright at me as
hard as they could.

i felt so angry and mortified and i felt like screaming!!!! i
think my face got scarlet (to match my bottom!) and i wanted to
hide it with the shame i felt. But of course my hands were tied
together in front of me, covereing my cunnie as i walked slowly
along the aisle.

i've been getting even more curves since you last saw me and my
bottom is an even nicer rounded shape now, (wait till you paddle
it next!) not fat but certainly not thin and stringy like those
wispy models either. But with the heavy cane dangling from up
inside my bottom and swinging around, Mr. Scotty had made me look
a proper fool. i really thought he'd won this time - but that was
nothing to what happened next . . . . . .

While i was walking down the aisle, Scotty had been moving
furniture! It was awkward walking with that heavy cane banging
around against my legs and by the time i got back to the front
again Scotty had a school desk in the middle of the floor and a
couple of those large mirrors on stands that we use for
reflection experiments . . . remember? . . . and the hook of the
lifting pulley was lowered and dangling over the desk. It looked
ominous and i couldn't figure what he planning to do: well i'd
know soon enough!!!!

He said: Heather come here, and he got my wrists and hitched the
chamois that was binding them onto the hook of the lifting
tackle; he pulled the rope and hauled my wrists up towards the
ceiling :-( This was getting serious and i was really afraid now
. . . i didn't realize how angry i'd made him! the class let out
a gasp but no one moved or tried to interfere at all :-(

Scotty fixed the rope so i had my heels just on the ground but
not much more. I was standing against the desk so my cunnie was
pressing against the edge of it and my bottom was facing the
class with the cane hanging down out of it :-(

He put one mirror close to my face so i could see everyone in the
class . . . and they all could see my face :-( The other mirror
he put so i had a full view via the two mirrors upwards at my own
red bottom complete with the heavy cane swinging from it :-<<

He said: now Heather this is where we came in; I want to hear you
answer my questions about magnetic poles. And be warned, I'll
paddle you for any that you get wrong! Now: do LIKE magnetic
poles repel each other or attract each other? . . . Take your
time!!

I thought for a bit, i had no idea but figured it was a fifty
fifty chance and said: ATTRACT. CRACK . . CRACK . . CRACK . .
CRACK the paddle hit hard across both cheeks and i let out a yell
:-(

The heavy desk stopped me moving much with the blow, so the cane
did not swing a lot, but it gave me a strange erotic feeling to
be paddled with it in there and moving inside my bottom :-)

He said: do UNLIKE magnetic poles repel or attract each other? I
answered: ATTRACT . . . no paddle :-)

Scotty asked: When you hang a bar magnet so it swings freely,
whats the name of the pole on the magnet that points to the North
pole of the earth?

I figured: if it was attracted to the North pole, it must be an
unlike pole, so I said: SOUTH. CRACK . . CRACK . . CRACK

Scotty said: Even a ten year old girl scout knows =that= end of
the compass needle is called the North end, because it points to
the North pole of the earth. CRACK . . CRACK That's how that end
of the compass needle got its name! You were sixteen last month,
Heather. CRACK . . CRACK Going to college next year aren't you?
Do you want to completely disgrace this school?!! CRACK . . CRACK
. . CRACK You're in no fit state now to answer any more
questions.

And i was sobbing and weeping uncontrollably as i hung from the
hook of the lifting tackle, but with this deep sexy feeling in my
bottom all the time. He said: I'm going to give you a very
special treatment now, Heather, that will help you to calm down.

i tried to calm myself down so he would change his mind, and
pleaded: Please don't! Please don't Mr Scott!! Please . . .

But by this time he'd dragged a chair over to the desk so he sat
facing me, and he reached over the edge of the desk (where none
of the class could see :-) and his knuckle rested against my clit
At the same time he must have put the toe of his shoe under the
end of the cane and lifted it gently . . . because the knob
started to slide up into me . . . i caught my breath . . it gave
me a most wonderful sensation Melissa <grin> . . .

Then he must have moved his foot down because the heavy cane
dropped with its own weight and slid down again and just hung
there dangling out of my bottom . . . then he slid it up into me
a bit further . . . then down again. Melissa! it was fabulous!!
the feeling was out of this world!! <BIG GRIN!!!>

Scotty went on doing this, sliding the knob of the cane a bit
further up into my bottom each time, until it was so far in that
it hurt a bit and i pulled a face as i went up on my toes to stop
the pain. He said: All right, now i know your comfort zone
Heather!

He started moving the knob of the cane in regular thrusts up and
down inside my bottom while all the time he was massaging my
clit. It gave me the most heavenly feeling. i couldnt stand it
for long :-)

My hips started to move of their own accord jerking around
uncontollably back and fore and side to side and rubbing my clit
along his knuckles.

I glanced in the mirror and saw the whole class staring
goggle-eyed. Most of them were quite pink in the face from their
excitement at watching my dancing bottom with the cane throbbing
up and down inside it, and i could see most of them were having
their own finger-fun . . .

Then i looked down at the second mirror and saw what the whole
class could see: the silver knob on top of the cane had quite a
long collar down the handle of the cane which made it was quite
plain to see how far the knob was sliding up into my bottom,
going up inside me and down again . . .somehow, seeing this was
very very exciting.

I knew i was making a most humiliating spectacle of myself by
enjoying masturbation like this with a silver knob on the end of
a stick going in and out as my bottom jerked around from side to
side and back and forth under the full gaze of the whole class ..

And they could all see my face twitching and twisting in my
excitement . . . but i didn't care at all at this point.
In some way it even intensified my excitement to be acting with
ecstatic abandonment . . . while they all watched spellbound.

i could feel the orgasm coming on and i didn't resisst inany wai
as it mountd insiide my jercking bottom and it dansed all over th
plase as the spasms spred rite thro me and i just shooutd my hed
off and Scotty moved the knob up nd downe fastr fster as i came
in a shuuuuddderin orgassm . . . i was yellin ooh! ooooh!!
aaaAAGH!!!

The hook held me up as i hung there and slowly got my breath back
looking down at Scotty with undisguised love and affection . . i
suddenly saw he was really was very handsome and a nice nice
person and i adored him.

I glanced in the mirror and the whole class seemed to be holding
their breath, sitting dead still and silent like they were in
shock.

Breaking the spell, Scotty said in a matter of fact voice: Mary
I'm going to take Heather into the prep room to get straight
again and cleaned up. It's only four minutes until the last bell,
so please unlock the door and let the class go as soon as I shut
the door of the prep room. All of you . . . best for us if we
keep quiet about this afternoon. We ALL behaved in unusual ways I
think! And your parents and other people might not understand
about it.

He lowered the hook of the lifting tackle slowly until my hands
were down on the desk. He cut the chamois and held my arm to
steady me as he steered me into the prep room with the cane still
dangling from my bottom and swinging around, and shut the door.

Scotty said: Heather, before anything else I want to say how
sorry I am that I needed to do all this to you. Your behaviour
has been getting quite impossible lately, but I did not want the
Principal to give you a formal beating with the birch - it hurts
most terribly and leaves nasty scars and I think what I did was
more appropriate.

I don't believe I could do this again, though. It will be the
Principal next time if there has to be a next time!!

Oh! Mr Scott!! i'm so sorry you had to do this at all! i'm very
very sorry i was so rude to you all these weeks!! Can you forgive
me?! Please!! Can you Mr Scott?? and I started to cry . . .

Heather, please don't cry any more! Of course I forgive you!! I'm
so glad you have apologised! and he put his arms around me gently
and hugged me to his breast . . . and my arms went up to encircle
him . . . and while we held each other like this he said: Heather
. . you know . . . I am really very fond of you . . . I always
have been. . would it upset you if I tell you that I've been in
love with you for a long time? . . .

He let go of me to look into my face and see my reaction . . . i
lifted my face up to his and kissed him with my very-wet lips
pressing onto his strong manly mouth.

We seemed to stay like that . . kissing . . . for a very long
time. When i stopped and pulled back a little he said: Heather,
when I pull the top of my cane out of your bottom, I would dearly
love to slide myself right in there where it came from! Would you
like that too, Heather, my love?

Ooooh! Yeeees!! was all i could answer . . .

He said: I'll lift the end of the cane while you bend over and
lay your top half on this table . . . and I'll pull gently until
the knob of the cane slides out . . . there!! . . . Heather, now
. . . He was as hard as a rock as he slid into my bottom. He
didn't need any more lubrication than was already there of
course, but it felt much much larger than the knob on his Malacca
cane!!!

Melissa!!! It was thrilling to feel Scotty right inside me!! I
was so proud to be able to do this for him!! and it gave me the
most wonderful feeling as he slid in and out of my bottom <grin>
He slid into me quite slowly swaying gently side to side and
gasping with every little bit of the movement. When he was right
in he pressing himself hard against my hot sore bottom and just
pulled me to him and held me for a long time. It felt divine and
i turned my head and told him: It gives me a gorgeous sensation,
Mr. Scott!! it goes right through me!!!

Then he started to pull slowly out of my bottom again, just for
three or four inches i think, then slooooowly back into my bottom
again. Ooooh! it was wonderful!!! It wasn't long before I felt my
orgasm starting for a second time that afternoon He must have
sensed it and he began to pump in and out of my bottom more
fiercely, battering himself against my sore sore bottom, but that
somehow added to the thrill of it. He was panting and saying
lovely things like: Oh! Heather! My sweet! You lovely girl! You
are wonderful! I do love you! . .. verrry much! Oh! Heather!
Oooh!! Heather!!! . . . .

All i could do was moan and sigh as the ecstacy crept up through
me in rising excitement . . .

At that moment we came together, both of us shuddering and
shouting . . . and i could feel his hot cum flooding up into my
bottom . . .

We stayed together as one person for what seemed ages. Then we
slowly separated. Scotty said: Stay just like that Heather and
let me clean you up a bit. He dropped down on his knees and
started to wipe my bottom with a handkerchief. You are most
beautiful my darling Heather! he said, I want to lick you clean
from all that lab grease, never mind anything else!

He was licking and sucking the cheeks of my bottom and I
straightened and stood up slowly. With this he began to suck
until it felt like most of one cheek of my bottom was in his
mouth . . . then he bit on it!! That really hurt to bite on top
of the paddlings he had given to my poor bottom . . but it was
sexy and erotic and lascivious and lubricious and . . .
wonderfully exciting!!!!

i pulled away and squealed in fright and delight, but i couldn't
move far with the table there in front of me. . . Scotty stopped
then and said we must be quick or someone would suspect the
worst!! How right they would have been - and it was marvellous.

He said if he told me in class that he wanted to see me about my
work after school that i should come expecting the same treatment
again, but without anyone watching all the things he did with my
bottom "like paddle and knob". And if I felt i needed punishment
any time, to ask him "if he could help me with my work"; he would
understand and tell me a time that suited him too :-)

Melissa, love, i'll write again after our next meeting . . .

With all my love, your Heather X X X X

