The Foster Mother

By NyteMyst

Nora Clayton, widow to the late Captain Albert William Clayton,
had given up her career as a visiting rural nurse shortly after
her husband had met his death on the beaches of Normandy. At
forty-one, she was still quite attractive in a severe sort of
way. She wore her long black hair tied back in a perpetual bun
and she favored the high-necked, stiffly starched blouses that
seemed to match her disposition. Her marriage to Albert had been
satisfying, but she had no desire to get married again and, in
order to supplement the small widow's pension she received, she
decided to open her large and comfortable residence as a foster
home for orphaned, or otherwise parentless children.

As foster homes went, Mrs. Clayton's in Norfolk was no worse than
any of the dozen or so that Lionel Jackson had been placed in
since the death of his parent's almost five years earlier. He had
in fact, been in three different homes in the last nine months
alone and he would always regard 1957, his thirteenth year, as
being the most unsettled and difficult of his life.

In many respects, Mrs. Clayton was a great improvement over some
of the people the state had seen fit to billet him with over the
years. She did not beat the youngsters under her care, although
her imperious manner sometimes was intimidating, and the food she
prepared was filling and plentiful if rather uninspired. She was
strict, it was perfectly true, and she had novel notions
regarding bodily hygiene, but, all in all, Lionel found himself
adapting to the new surroundings surprisingly quickly.

When he arrived at the home in late November of the year, there
was already another child in residence, this being a small and
darkly pretty twelve-year-old by the name of Amanda.

Lionel was later to discover that she too had been orphaned about
the same time as he had, and when she surreptitiously pulled a
face at him over the supper table that first evening, he decided
that he was probably going to like her. He responded to her first
overture with a contorted grimace of his own, a leering twist of
the features of which he was secretly proud, and he was gratified
by the stifled tinkle of laughter it produced.

"That's quite enough nonsense, you two," Mrs. Clayton said
briskly as she cleared away the supper plates.

"It's almost seven o'clock and high time the pair of you got
ready for bed" She piled the dishes into the scullery sink and
waved Lionel and Amanda up from the table. Lionel, who felt it
far too early for him to be preparing for bed, was a little
annoyed at being treated like a child, but he wisely kept his
complaint to himself and surrendered very meekly when his new
foster mother shepherded the two children upstairs. He followed
her to a spacious bathroom at the rear of the sprawling Victorian
mansion and waited there, along with Amanda, while Mrs. Clayton
went to the linen closet to fetch an armful of fresh towels.

The bathroom, he saw, was completely finished in an ornately
patterned mosaic of small black and white tiles. There was a
huge, claw-footed bathtub along one wall, a pedestal sink beside
the heavy porcelain commode, and a wide wooden covered bench in
the middle of the room that seemed to be placed there for sitting
on while one undressed. There was also a large cupboard in one
corner next to the door, and a large chest of drawers beside it
with an assortment of brushes, jars and other items scattered
across the top.

"Alright now, let's get undressed, children" Mrs. Clayton said as
she swept into the room. She put the towels down on the center
bench and turned to face them. "Well, come on get on with it,"
she commanded. "We don't have all night to waste"

Amanda, seemingly undisturbed by the situation, began to remove
her clothing, but Lionel could only stare at his imposing new
foster mother with something approaching horror. There had
actually been girls at some of his earlier residences, but the
sexes had always been strictly segregated and no girl had ever
seen him naked in his life. By the same token, he had never seen
a naked girl before either, and though this might have been an
interesting prospect under different circumstances, the present
situation made it difficult for him to concentrate on anything
but his own discomfiture.

"Oh do get a move on, Lionel," Mrs. Clayton clucked impatiently
as she began to fill the bath. "Stop being such a baby." She
adjusted the taps and then crossed the room over to the boy,
shaking her head at his silly modesty. "Come on, you" she said,
reaching for his shirt buttons and deftly undoing them with
practiced hands. "We don't waste expensive fuel for private baths
here, young man," she informed him. "So you're just going to have
to get used to sharing with others"

She stripped Lionel's shirt from his shoulders and then
unbuttoned his trousers and instructed him to take them off. He
did so, blushing hotly as he felt Amanda's presence behind him,
and he stood there miserably, his hands hanging at his sides.

"Your socks and underwear too, Lionel," Mrs. Clayton ordered him
as she went to check the bath. Reluctantly, and with burning
cheeks, he bent to remove each sock in turn and then, steeling
himself to the unpleasant task, he pulled his underpants down and
held them tightly over his groin. For a full minute he stood
facing away from the two females behind him and then he slowly
turned around.

The sight that greeted him in that instant was one that would
remain with him for the rest of his life.

Amanda, as naked as the day she was born, stood smiling at him
not five feet away and she made no effort whatsoever to cover
herself. Her hips still had the narrowness of childhood, but
there was a fullness to her chest and dark puffy nipples that
suggested the first sweet swellings of puberty. Between the
chubby tops of her thighs, the smooth baldness of her plump
pudendum curved down from the flat plane of her stomach in an
exciting little mound and Lionel might have been captivated by
this novel and educational vision had not Mrs. Clayton
interrupted his fascinated and spell-bound inspection.

"Come on in you get," she said, spinning the taps to the off
position with a flourish. Amanda flashed Lionel a quick little
smile and then she turned and took the two steps to the tub and
climbed in. As she scaled the high side of the bath, Lionel was
presented with an unobstructed view of her perfect little bottom
and he very nearly gasped out loud. The sight of the rounded
globes of her buttocks sent a sudden thrill through his breast
and he was still gaping when Mrs. Clayton waved him impatiently
into the tub. "And you've no need of those," she said sharply,
indicating the underpants he still held in front of his groin.
"I'm sure Amanda has no interest at all in that little winkie
you're hiding down there"

With reluctance, Lionel handed his underwear to Mrs. Clayton and
climbed into the deep bathtub. As he did so, he discovered that,
despite his foster mother's assurances, Amanda did, in fact, have
an abiding interest in the 'little winkie' between his legs. She
stared at his groin in unabashed frankness and he suddenly
realized, to his deep shock and horror that he was becoming
rapidly and embarrassingly erect. His cock, now almost semi-hard
at that moment was raising its head toward the interested little
girl and he quickly dropped down into the water before the awful
situation got worse. "Now," Mrs. Clayton began. "I'm going to go
down to finish the dishes I'm going to trust you to wash
yourselves quickly and properly while I'm gone and I expect you
conduct yourselves without a lot of foolishness." She handed them
each a bar of soap and a flannel and moved toward the door. "Be
thorough, the pair of you" she cautioned them. "Pay proper
attention to your tail-ends and for goodness sakes don't forget
to do behind your ears." With that, she turned on her heel and
left Lionel and Amanda alone in the room.

"So how do you like it so far," Amanda grinned at him a moment
or so later when Mrs. Clayton's footsteps had faded downstairs.
Lionel shrugged at her.

"I dunno," he said. "How long you been here anyway?"

"About a year, I think," replied Amanda after considering it for
a moment.

She had already soaped up her chest and was beginning to rinse
herself off with the large white flannel.
"She's not as bad as she seems at first," she continued, nodding
her head toward the door. "As long as you keep on her good side,
that is"

"Oh yeah?" asked Lionel glumly. "How're we supposed to do that?"

"Well wash yourself properly for one thing," Amanda told him,
nodding purposefully at his soap and flannel. "You really have to
be good about that," she added. Her expression was quite serious
and Lionel quickly began to soap his upper body, anxious not to
get himself into trouble on his very first night. He was just
rinsing himself off when Amanda clambered to her knees and began
to work up a good lather in her hands. Her pussy was now just an
inch or so above the surface of the water and this second
tantalizing view of the pretty girl's private parts suddenly
caused Lionel's cock to swell fully erect.

"And don't forget your bottom," Amanda continued. "She checks to
see if you do a good job, you know" She reached ehind herself
and began to rub the handful of lather into the crevice of her
rear-end. "She she checks?" Lionel gasped as though
thunderstruck. "You mean she actually looks in our bums and
everything?"

"Every night" Amanda shrugged simply. She had finished her
ablutions back there and she sat back down in the water again.
"Better make sure you do it," she warned him.

Barely crediting what he was being told, Lionel raised himself to
his knees, forgetting for the moment his embarrassing state of
tumescence. He was just building up a thick lather with the soap
when he became conscious of Amanda staring pointedly between his
legs.

"Is it always like that?" she asked with interest, nodding at his
stiff little member. Lionel quickly rubbed the lather into his
bottom and sat down with a splash.

"No" he replied shortly, his tone clearly inviting no further
discussion.

He was still blushing furiously as he sat there and it was a full
minute before he returned to the issue of bottom inspection. "So
when does she do this anyway?" he asked. "When's she supposed to
look at our bums?"

"As soon as we're done our baths" Amanda told him, then laughed
when she saw his expression. "You get used to it," she went on.
"And it's nothing to what happens on Friday nights"

"Friday nights?" queried Lionel weakly, conscious of the fact
that it was already Thursday night. "What happens then?" Amanda
seemed about to answer him when Mrs. Clayton's footsteps could be
heard coming up the stairs.

"Alright you two" she called as she approached. "Time's up." She
swept into the room and grabbed two towels from the bench. "Out
you get, now" she instructed sharply. Lionel and Amanda
clambered out of the huge bathtub and Mrs. Clayton handed them
each a towel and waited as they dried themselves off.

When they were done, she beckoned Amanda over to her where she
stood by the bench. "Let's get a look at you my girl" She did a
quick inspection of the girl, actually peeling her ears forward
to examine behind and then she did a twirling motion with her
finger, indicating that the girl should turn around. "Back side
now" she said.

Amanda, obviously familiar with the drill, turned around to face
the bench and leaned forward to place her hands on the wooden
surface, thrusting her cute little bottom out prettily as she did
so. From his vantage point slightly off to the side, Lionel could
not see directly between the cheeks of her bottom, but he could
just make out the puffy curve of her pussy lips just inside her
thighs, and there was an enticing shadow of darker skin on the
inner surface of the cheek farthest from him. His erection, which
had subsided somewhat, began to reassert itself alarmingly and he
brought one hand across to cover it. Mrs. Clayton completed her
intent inspection of the girl's exposed nether regions and then
nodded approvingly before turning to Lionel.

"You're turn, my boy" she announced.

She examined behind Lionel's ears, peering at each intently and
then she firmly removed his hand in order to inspect his
genitals. When she saw the embarrassing protuberance standing out
from his hairless groin she tut-tutted almost absent-mindedly but
did not, to Lionel's great relief, seem even remotely cross with
him. She took a quick look and then instructed him to turn
around.

"Let's get a look down there," she said.

As Lionel assumed the position, Mrs. Clayton used her hands to
pry apart the cheeks of his bottom for a more thorough
inspection. It was deeply humiliating to be exposed in this way
but, through it all, Lionel found himself becoming curiously
excited. His cock twitched heavily between his legs and, when he
glanced to the side, he saw Amanda, who was now sitting on the
bench, give him a naughty conspiratorial wink. He suffered the
examination in silence for several moments and then Mrs.Clayton
gave him a light slap on his left cheek.

"Very good," she said approvingly as he took a seat on the bench.

"It's nice to see you can follow instructions" She crossed over
to the chest of drawers and removed to items from it, returning
to the bench to hand one item to Amanda and the second to Lionel.
The boy unfolded the proffered item and found himself looking, to
his surprise, at what appeared to be a pair of clear plastic
panties with elastic leggings and waistband. He looked
questioningly at his foster mother.

"What What are these?" he asked her.

"Those are incontinence pants," Mrs. Clayton informed him
briskly. "Required nightwear around here, my lad I've had too
many 'accidents' on my mattresses over the years" Lionel stared
at her in disbelief.

"But I don't pee the bed," he insisted as indignantly as he
dared. Mrs. Clayton simply shrugged.

"YesWell, I've heard that before," she told him. "And" she
added with a pointed glance at his still stiff member, "with boys
I have to be concerned about other emissions as well, I'm
afraid."

Amanda had already pulled her panties on and when Lionel stole a
look at her he saw that the plump saddle of her girlish pussy was
plainly visible through the sheer plastic and that they seemed to
actually enhance rather than detract from the sight. He hesitated
for a moment, still unsure about the situation, and then he put
his feet through the holes of the panties and slid them up his
legs.

"Good boy," Mrs. Clayton smiled at him. He pulled the curious
garment over his crotch and, as the tip of his erection tented
out the front of the plastic, he felt a little shiver of pleasure
rush through him. The sensation of the material was unlike
anything he had experienced before and he found it strangely
compelling. Turning an even deeper shade of red, he stood there
with his hands at his sides and his turgid little penis sticking
stiffly outward.

"Now" began Mrs. Clayton. "In order to properly monitor your
general health, I need to keep a weather eye on your bathroom
functions, young man This means that you will use the toilet
when and only when you have my explicit permission and" she
paused for effect, "You and Amanda will report promptly to this
room for inspection sharply at seven o' clock each morning Do
you understand all that?"

"Yes, Mrs. Clayton," Lionel replied humbly.

"Fine," said his foster mother. "There is hot cocoa waiting
downstairs if you want it Go to your rooms and get dressed for
bed now and I'll meet you downstairs shortly, alright?" Both
Lionel and Amanda nodded by way of reply and Mrs. Clayton
returned downstairs leaving the children to head for their
separate rooms.

Ten minutes later, in the cozy back kitchen, the children were
given steaming mugs of cocoa and allowed to sip them beside the
fireplace. After they were finished and the clock on the wall
stood at eight-thirty, Mrs. Clayton took away their mugs and sent
up the stairs to bed. They said goodnight to each other at the
top of the stairs and Lionel entered his room to climb up on to
the comfortable double-mattressed bed. He could feel the crinkly
feel of the plastic panties inside his Tpyjama bottoms and the
unusual sensation only added to the strangeness he was 
experiencing. He lay on his back in the gathering shadows of the
room and, as sleep overtook him, he reflected silently on the
curious turn of events his life had taken.

***

"Wake up, Lionel Out of bed my lad. I'll expect you in the
bathroom in no more than fifteen minutes, now"

Mrs. Clayton's stentorian voice shattered Lionel's peaceful
slumber and jerked him into wakefulness. He felt a pressing urge
to urinate and the though of this made him suddenly remember the
plastic panties he had been made to wear. They felt all hot and
sticky inside after sleeping in them all night and he rather
looked forward to being able to shed them as he tumbled from his
bed, rubbing the sleep from his eyes. Straightening up the covers
of his bed as he had been instructed to do the day before, he
pulled on his dressing gown and made his way down the hallway to
the bathroom. When he arrived, he found Amanda already there
wearing nothing but her plastic panties. She smiled at him
prettily.

"We have to have our things off before Mrs. Clayton gets here,"
she informed him. She sat down on the edge of the central wooden
bench and watched as Lionel pulled off his nightclothes and
deposited them over a chair beside the dresser. "You didn't need
to go last night," she observed, nodding in the direction of his
panties. Lionel was momentarily confused by her comment but then
he reddened as he caught her meaning.

"Oh Uhno," he mumbled. "But I really have to go badly now
though"

"Oh you should do it now," the girl replied. "Mrs. Clayton likes
us to be finished when she comes in."

"I see," Lionel answered. He started to make his way to the
commode, but Amanda stopped him with a little squawk of alarm.

"Nono," she exclaimed. "We can't use that Remember what she
said last night? We only get to use the toilet when she says and
she never says we can first thing in the morning," she added.
Lionel goggled at her in horrified disbelief.

"But But, how then?" he finally quavered in dismay.

"Your pants, of course," Amanda shrugged as though it was
obvious. "Like she said Mrs. Clayton likes to see what we've
done every morning" She stood up to face the startled boy and
smiled at him in encouragement. "It's okay once you get used to
it" she giggled. "Just do what I do"

As Lionel watched, completely stupefied, the pretty young girl
seemed to clench her abdominal muscles for a moment or so and
then, with a sudden splattering sound, a stream of amber fluid
burst from between her smooth little pussy lips and began to fill
the panties. She parted her legs slightly as the stream continued
and the pee began to collect between her legs, slowly rising up
the front of the clear plastic sides. After a moment, the flow
died away and Amanda let out a small sigh of relief.

"It actually feels kind of nice," she murmured, squeezing out the
last few drops. "All warm and kind of gushy feeling" She reached
out and took his hand. "Here Feel" she told him.

Amanda pressed his fingers to the bulging yellow bubble between
her legs and immediately he was able to feel the hotness of the
liquid within. His hands were not actually against her naked
privates, but the intimacy of the contact suddenly aroused him
and his cock began to swell inside his own panties. Amanda
regarded this new development with interest.

"Can can I touch it?" she asked breathlessly, her eyes
glistening with excitement at the idea. Without waiting for
Lionel to reply she reached out and poked the end of his cock
through the thin plastic material.

"Can you pee when it's like that?" she asked with a little frown
as the startled boy recoiled backward from her touch.

"No No, I can't," Lionel answered her miserably. "I I can't go
like this at all," His voice was trembling as he spoke and it was
clear he was desperate to find a way to avoid his foster mother's
displeasure. "What shall I do?" he begged the pretty girl, his
eyes beseeching her. Amanda seemed to ponder the question for a
moment but before she had time to answer Mrs. Clayton breezed
through the door.

"Oh Good Heavens," she exclaimed when she saw the dwindling
erection inside Lionel's panties and the complete lack of any
urine whatsoever. "There's been too much playing around in here
this morning I don't like to waste time having to oversee your
functions, young man. I expect you to be able to govern yourself
in that regard. " She stared in annoyance at the nervous young
man and then seemed to relent as he hung his head shamefully.

"Well," she continued a moment later. For this morning and this
morning alone I will allow you to use the commode." She strode
over to the heavy porcelain toilet and beckoned to Lionel. "Come
on over here, my lad," she said. As Lionel approached the
toilet, his head still hanging, Mrs. Clayton waved Amanda over to
the bathtub and the young girl, clearly familiar with what was
expected, crossed over to it and climbed in. Lionel, when he had
reached the commode, stood before it and waited nervously with
his hands at his sides.

"Wellhurry up and do your business, young manwe don't have all
day!" Mrs. Clayton stood just to his left, her arms folded
expectantly, and she tapped her foot impatiently as Lionel pulled
his cock through the leg hole of his panties and pointed it
miserably into the gaping maw before him. He tried to get things
moving in the urination department but the pressure of having his
foster mother watching him so intently left straining to no avail
even though his bladder felt like it might burst. It seemed as
though nothing would get him started for what seemed like an
eternity but, just then, he happened to catch sight of Amanda out
of the corner of his eye as she pulled down her panties allowing
the clear amber fluid to gush down over her legs and into the
bath. The sight of this seemed to distract him momentarily and
whatever spell was inhibiting him from doing his business broke
along with his concentration and, in seconds, his own stream was
splashing noisily in the toilet bowl. "About time," muttered Mrs.
Clayton as the sensation of relief flooded through the grateful
boy. As he continued to empty his bladder forcefully, Amanda
picked up the hand held spray attachment from atop the bath taps
and began to rinse herself, washing the last traces of her pee
down the drain. She was just finishing as Lionel squeezed out the
last few drops and Mrs. Clayton tossed her a towel and told her
to dry herself off. "Alright you two," she said after Amanda had
finished. "Your clothes are laid out on your beds for you Hurry
up and get dressed and meet me downstairs for your breakfasts."
She made as though to leave the bathroom and then she turned to
Lionel. "Tomorrow" she told him, her voice brisk and
businesslike, "I shall expect you to follow the example of Amanda
in these matters"

***

After breakfast, Amanda was dispatched to the little school just
down the road and Lionel, who had arrived to late at the
residence to begin classes for that term, was put to work doing a
variety of chores around the house. Mrs. Clayton was actually
quite friendly during the whole of the day and she chatted to him
on a variety of topics, even telling him how her late husband had
met his fate some thirteen years earlier. Lionel listened with
interest to interest to all her stories and he found, on the
balance of things, that he was really quite enjoying himself.

After supper that evening, Lionel and Amanda were allowed to read
quietly in the front room while Mrs. Clayton busied herself
somewhere in the house. She left them alone for almost
three-quarters of an hour and then she summoned them from the
upstairs landing, instructing then to attend forthwith in the
bathroom. Lionel, who had forgotten Amanda's warning about Friday
nights, was suddenly reminded of her words when she gave him a
secretive little wink before leaving the room. When the pair
arrived in the bathroom they saw that Mrs. Clayton had already
run the bath and the room was quite thick with steam. They
undressed quickly, placing their clothes on the chair, and then
Lionel, before he had a proper chance to admire Amanda's pretty
little naked body, caught sight of a number of articles on top of
the dresser that had not been there that morning. He looked at
them and saw that there was a large glass pitcher filled with a
pinkish-colored fluid, a wide metal tray filled with a number of
objects he couldn't identify and, beside that, another fearsome
looking device that made him gasp out loud. "What What on
earth's that?" he managed to stammer, his eyes wide with
surprise. The object in question was huge glass syringe, almost
three inches wide and a foot long, with a rubber nozzle almost
six inches in length protruding from the tip. He had never seen
the likes of it before and he couldn't begin to imagine its
purpose. Amanda, standing beside him, gave a little giggle.

"You'll see" she whispered enigmatically, teasing him as though
with a very special secret. Lionel, deeply anxious now, wanted to
press for more details but Mrs. Clayton suddenly entered the
room. "Ah you're ready," she said. She walked over to the
central wooden bench, unfolded a towel on top of it and then
crossed over to the equipment on the dresser. She carried each
object over to the bench and laid them out beside the towel and
then she turned to Lionel. "On Fridays," she informed him, "our
cleansing procedures are much more thorough than a mere bath. I
realize this may startle you as it is your first time, but I
absolutely insist on it for the health of the children in my
care" She beckoned to the trembling young boy and directed him
to stand in front of the bench. Lionel, more nervous than he
could ever remember, walked over to the imposing foster mother
and was made to kneel on the towel. She pushed gently on his
back, directing him forward, and he bent down so that he rested
on all fours, his bottom now exposed and embarrassingly
vulnerable. He could see Amanda watching with interest from
across the room and he swallowed hard as he waited anxiously for
whatever it was that was about to happen. "Now" began Mrs.
Clayton. "None of this is going to hurt you in any way so I just
want you to relax and not be silly about it Okay?" Lionel nodded
dumbly from his place on the bench, not at all reassured by her
words. "I'm going to prepare you first" his foster mother
continued. Taking a pair of rubber gloves from the metal tray,
Mrs. Clayton pulled them on with a snap and then picked up a pot
that seemed to contain a greasy ointment of some kind. Turning
slightly, Lionel could see her coating the fingers of one hand
with the thick cream, and then, when she had a good dollop of the
substance on her fingertips, she slid her hands into the deep
crevice of his bottom, making him start at the coldness of the
cream. "Be still, now," she said almost softly. She began to rub
the ointment around inside Lionel's bottom cheeks, gently
encircling his puckered anal opening and occasionally pressing
her index finger up against the tight little hole. As she
continued her ministrations, massaging in small circles, Lionel
began to enjoy the sensations she was producing and within
minutes, to his intense humiliation, his cock began to swell and
stiffen between his legs. He felt himself redden in shame. "Just
a bit more," Mrs. Clayton murmured a few moments later. She
withdrew her hand from his bottom and took another good dollop of
cream before continuing the lubrication. This time, when she came
up against his asshole, she pushed insistently with her finger
and slid it into his rectum, making the boy gasp loudly.

"Steady" she cautioned him. "Don't move, now" For a few
heart-stopping moments, Mrs. Clayton wiggled her finger back and
forth inside Lionel's bottom making him shiver at the sensation.

He closed his eyes to better savor the feeling and his cock
throbbed into the heaviness of full erection. The probing
continued for a minute or so, relaxing him, and then Mrs. Clayton
suddenly made his eyes pop wide open again by reaching down with
her unoccupied hand and giving his hard little member an
investigative squeeze. "How curious," she murmured as she
released him and withdrew her finger from his bottom. "How
curious that all the young boys seem to respond that way to this
procedure" The comment was more an absentminded observation
rather than being directed at either child but it prompted a
stifled giggle from Amanda who seemed fascinated by what she was
seeing. Mrs. Clayton ignored her and picked up the syringe. "This
is my own preparation," she announced as she filled the syringe
from the pitcher. "It's especially balanced for the intestinal
well-being of young persons" Lionel, watching the procedure, had
guessed at the purpose of the device by now and, though still
nervous, found himself intrigued and not a little turned- on by
the prospect. The idea of the impending insertion was intriguing
enough, but having his bottom exposed so vulnerably and his rigid
cock open to the view of the two females was additionally
exciting to him. He trembled with anticipation as Mrs. Clayton
stepped behind him and brought the tip of the rubber nozzle up to
his waiting asshole. The nozzle was wider again by half than Mrs.
Clayton's finger had been and there was a moment of discomfort
before it thrust through the muscular ring of his sphincter and
slid effortlessly into him. His foster mother continued to push
gently and he felt the whole length of the rubber attachment
snake deep into his insides. The pressure, as it moved over the
swollen knob of his prostate was intense and, as he grunted in
sudden pleasure, a clear drop of pre-cum formed at the tip of his
cock. "Here we go" Mrs. Clayton announced when the end of the
syringe was snug between his buttocks. She held the barrel of the
device firmly in one hand and then she began to depress the
plunger, slowly forcing the liquid inside into Lionel's bottom.

The fluid was very cool as it flooded him and he suddenly
experienced a strange sensation as though a fine spray of cold
water was being directed at his abdomen. It wasn't unpleasant at
all, and he began to moan, ever so softly, as he took the entire
contents of the syringe inside him. When the plunger was finally
pressed home a few moments later, the pressure of the enema fluid
inside Lionel's rectum and colon was quite intense and he became
afraid that it might gush out of him when Mrs. Clayton removed
the nozzle. His foster mother, however, was well prepared for
this possibility and, picking up a small rubber plug from the
metal tray, she inserted it into the vacated opening as soon as
the syringe was withdrawn. She pushed it in tightly and then
instructed the boy to stand. "We'll let the fluid remain in place
to do its work for a while," she informed him as he stood there,
his erection standing stiffly out from his groin. She then
beckoned Amanda over to the bench and, as the girl assumed the
position on the towel where Lionel had just been, she picked up a
sterile cloth and cleaned the rubber nozzle. "A little less fluid
for you, Amanda," she announced as she refilled the syringe. The
sight of the lovely young girl with her bottom thrust invitingly
upward at him was extremely arousing to Lionel. This time,
standing almost directly behind her, he could see right between
the cheeks of her delectable little ass and the vision of the
tiny pink rosebud of her anus sent a shiver right through him.

His cock twitched with interest as he gazed between her legs and
he had a sudden, almost overwhelming desire to explore her
intimate parts with his fingers. "Move aside, now," said Mrs.
Clayton as she lubricated her fingers once again. Lionel stepped
back a little and then watched with increasing fascination as his
foster mother started to massage and probe Amanda's beautiful
little rear-end. The little girl shuddered with pleasure as she
was first penetrated and Lionel felt a sudden upsurge of arousal
as he realized how much his new friend was enjoying the process.
"Alrght you're ready I think," Mrs. Clayton announced. She
picked up the syringe again, lubricated the nozzle, and held it
firmly against Amanda's asshole, pausing for a second before
pushing inward. The little girl gave a little squawk as the first
inch sank into her but then she relaxed and actually appeared to
push her bottom backward into the oncoming tube of rubber.

Lionel, watching intently, felt his cock throbbing heavily at the
sight. With the nozzle fully inserted, Mrs. Clayton began to
depress the plunger, slowly emptying the contents of the syringe
into the upturned bottom in a smooth, steady flow. It took a full
minute or so to deliver the complete measure and then the foster
mother started to withdraw the syringe, easing the length of the
rubber tip almost completely out. She fumbled in the metal tray
for a second or two and then swore in annoyance. "Damn," she
exclaimed. "I forgot I'd need a second plug tonight..." She
looked around for a moment and then her eyes lit up thoughtfully
when they settled on Lionel. "Over here, Lionel," she said,
beckoning to him as an idea struck her. "We might as well put
that little member of your to good use, my lad" Lionel, unsure
of what it was she wanted, approached cautiously and Mrs. Clayton
stepped to the side slightly and maneuvered him directly behind
Amanda. She pushed him forward so that his cock was just below
the nozzle where it entered the girl and then she deftly pulled
away the syringe. "Quickly, my boy get in close, now," she
commanded. She pressed gently on his buttocks and the head of his
cock pressed hard against Amanda's asshole just as a little
trickle of fluid escaped. "Now insert yourself gently," his
foster mother instructed him. Hardly able to credit what was
happening, Lionel leaned forward gently with his hips and the
head of his penis began to spread the little girl's
well-lubricated anal ring. The friction this created was
unbearably sexy and he had to restrain himself from thrusting in
with abandon. As his glans squeezed by the tight sphincter
muscles he felt Amanda's ass grip him deliciously and he slid in
slowly as he could, relishing the hot pressure within. Millimeter
by delicious millimeter he sunk into her until, a few delightful
moments later, he was buried to the hilt with the tightness of
her pretty asshole locked around the base of his shaft. "Now stay
like that and don't move," Mrs. Clayton ordered him. "I'll be
back in a moment." She turned and exited the room then and left
Lionel deep inside Amanda. It was an exquisite torment being
locked inside her like this without being allowed to move and
Amanda did not help matters by squirming deliciously and pressing
her bottom hard against his groin. Her asshole seemed to quiver
in short, rhythmic contractions as she pushed backward, and it
was almost as though she was milking his turgid little organ with
her delightfully tight anal muscles. Lionel was quite red in the
face and sweating profusely in exquisite agony when Mrs. Clayton
finally returned. "Okay, children that should do it for now,"
she announced. She stepped over to them and considered something
for a moment. "Amanda will obviously have to evacuate first," she
continued. "However," she added, "I think we should take care of
something first" She directed Lionel extricate himself from
Amanda and then she stopped him just before the head of his cock
emerged. "A boy really shouldn't remain in a state of such
arousal for too long," she informed him briskly. "It really isn't
healthy for him at all" As she said this, she reached down
between her two charges with one gloved hand and grasped the
shaft of Lionel's cock between her thumb and forefinger. Lionel
jumped a little at this unexpected maneuver but she restrained
him by placing her other hand firmly on his shoulder. "Just stay
still" she cautioned him. She began to move her fingers back and
forth along his cock, gripping the loose outer skin tightly of
his shaft and allowing it to slide up and down the firm erectile
tissue within. The feeling of this was incredible given Lionel's
already intense level of arousal and, before Mrs. Clayton had
completed more than a dozen strokes, the excited young lad gave a
loud gasp and his hips jerked twice as she let go his sticky
ejaculate into Amanda's bottom. Even Amanda gave a little squeak
of surprise as his cock swelled suddenly at the moment of
discharge and her anus gripped him tighter still, increasing the
incredible feeling of pleasure. He moaned softly as the last
waves of his climax subsided and then Mrs. Clayton withdrew his
cock from the slick little hole. As soon as Lionel stepped back,
Mrs. Clayton ordered Amanda over to the toilet and the girl
rushed quickly across the room in a queer, duck-like hobble as
she tried to hold in the liquid. She sank gratefully down onto
the porcelain rim of the commode without bothering to lower the
seat and she sighed audibly as the fluid was expelled in a
powerful, splashing stream. For a full five minutes she sat
there, draining herself completely and then, when she was
finished, Mrs. Clayton made Lionel take her place, removing the
tightly inserted butt-plug before he sat down. He squatted on the
cold rim of the bowl, his stomach feeling full and heavy and
then, in a rumbling gush of fluid, the enema exploded out of him
like the bursting of a dam. As Lionel emptied himself, Mrs.
Clayton busied herself clearing away the enema syringe and
associated equipment. She put the things away in the large corner
cupboard and then she took out fresh pairs of plastic panties for
both Lionel and Amanda and laid them on the bench. She waited
another minute or so until Lionel appeared to be finished and
then, after briefly consulting her watch, she ordered both
children into the tub. "Alright, " she told them. "You have
fifteen minutes to wash yourselves up while I make your cocoa
downstairs Take care you do everything properly and then I'll be
up shortly to get you ready for bed"

***

As the next morning was Saturday, the household arose at eight
o'clock rather than the usual half-past six. For Lionel,
unfortunately, this presented something of a problem in that he
awoke shortly after dawn with an intense need to urinate. His
early training was too well ingrained to allow him to comfortably
lie in bed and let go into his plastic panties and he was certain
that he could not hold out until it was time to get up. After
weighing the options open to him for some time, he made up his
mind and sneaked down the hallway toward the bathroom. When he
had relieved himself at the toilet he crept guiltily back to bed
and climbed beneath the covers again. He knew that he had broken
a rule he was under pains to observe, but he hoped, as he lay
there quietly, that by the time the whole household got up he
would have built up a sufficient reserve to be able to perform
sufficiently to satisfy Mrs. Clayton. Sadly, and almost
inevitably, this was not to be the case. "You did what?"
exclaimed Amanda when Lionel explained the situation to her. They
were standing in the bathroom wearing only their plastic panties
and Lionel had already tried without success to produce even a
dribble. "Mrs. Clayton will be really cross with you," she
informed him sympathetically. "Why on earth didn't you do like
you're supposed too?" Lionel started to try to explain but Amanda
put her fingers to her lips to her lips and silenced him, cocking
her head as she listened to the house. After a moment or so, both
children heard the unmistakable sounds of Mrs. Clayton down in
the kitchen and then Amanda grabbed Lionel by the arm. "Quickly
over here," she hissed. She pulled Lionel over to the bench and
had him stand facing it as she clambered up on top of the wooden
surface. Immediately, she stripped off her panties in front of
the boy and he goggled at her in utter surprise. "Whatwhat are
you doing?" he whispered loudly. Amanda waved her hand
impatiently. "Open up your panties," she ordered him. "Do do
what?" Lionel queried uncomprehendingly. "Pull open the front of
your panties," she repeated. "Do it quickly" Still not clear
what she had in mind, Lionel grasped the waistband of his plastic
pants and pulled the front open as far as he could. Amanda then
placed her hands on his shoulders and pulled him toward her so
that the funnel effect created by the top of his pants was now
between her legs. They were almost touching now and Lionel could
feel the heat the heat from her body as he looked down to see the
gentle curve of her bald pudendum only inches from his chest.

Almost immediately, his slumbering member began to stiffen and
unfurl. "You're very lucky I hadn't done my pee already," she
whispered, pulling him even closer. At these words, Lionel
suddenly divined the pretty little girl's intentions and a little
thrill of anticipation shot up his spine and made him shiver. He
waited expectantly as Amanda held him tightly and then, with a
little sigh of satisfaction, the young girl's lower body tensed
and her pee burst out of her. The first gush broke against his
stomach but then it solidified into a steady stream directly into
his panties where it splattered hotly along the length of his
waiting cock. It enveloped him, coursing down his rigid shaft,
and then it began to pool between his legs, bathing his scrotum
with its warmth and flowing deliciously between his legs. This,
for Lionel, was the most intensely erotic experience of his life
thus far and, indeed, he would remember it as such long into his
later years. The hot flood was now creeping into the crack of his
bottom, making him almost lightheaded with excitement, and he
could have happily stood there forever as he savored the
delightful sensation. Naturally, of course, the moment could not
last indefinitely and, after a few seconds, Amanda terminated the
flow and stepped back. "Got to save some for myself," she
explained with a grin. She quickly pulled her panties back on and
then, as Lionel watched, she let go the remaining contents of her
bladder into the clear plastic receptacle. She was just stepping
down from the bench when Mrs. Clayton's footsteps were heard on
the stairs and Lionel, grabbing a stray towel, hastily dabbed the
errant drops of urine on his stomach and then threw the towel
onto the bench. "Good morning, children," Mrs. Clayton greeted
them as she entered the room and nodded approvingly at the
contents of their panties. She waved Amanda into the bathtub with
barely a glance and was about to do the same with Lionel when she
suddenly peered closely at his crotch. "Well that's hardly an
encouraging volume," she observed. "Are you sure you're feeling
well?" "Oh Oh yes, Mrs. Clayton," he replied quickly. Hid face
was flushed and his erection had subsided to normal. His foster
mother narrowed her eyes in concern. "This seems a little unusual
after your fluid intake yesterday," she mused. "I think we better
do a flushing this evening" She sent him to the tub to wash off
and Lionel, wondering what she meant by that last curious
comment, nervously complied. "Alright, you two," Mrs. Clayton
continued. "Hurry up, now I've got lot's planned for us today."

***

The day was indeed a full one and, by midmorning, Lionel had
completely forgotten what his foster had said earlier in the
bathroom. After a filling breakfast of bacon and eggs, Mrs.
Clayton had packed a knapsack with sandwiches and drinks and
taken the pair for a tramp across the fields behind the house. At
a stone bridge over a pleasant little stream, she had allowed
them to fish with a couple of rods she had retrieved from beneath
the stairs and, though neither of them caught anything over the
course of the whole morning, they both enjoyed themselves
immensely. After the picnic lunch, they took a hike through the
woods and arrived home in the late afternoon, flushed with the
healthy fresh air and chattering excitedly about everything and
nothing. It wasn't until after supper and Mrs. Clayton announced
it was bath time that Lionel remembered that she had something
special in mind for him that evening. He was quite nervous as he
climbed the stairs behind Amanda, and he was too apprehensive to
even enjoy the sight of her sexy little body when they undressed
together while the bath was being filled. His anxiety reached a
new high when his foster mother arrived in the bathroom carrying
what appeared to be a smaller version of the enema syringe from
the previous night. "Okay let's get a look at you," she said,
placing the syringe down on the dresser. As Lionel stood naked
before her, Mrs. Clayton began to prod and palpate his lower
regions, bringing him, despite his nervousness, to a full and
healthy erection. She gently him squeezed here and there, humming
softly to herself and then she straightened up again, regarding
him with a shake of her head. "Everything seems well enough," she
announced. "And you did seem to have a satisfactory urination
earlier this afternoon as I recall Do you need to go again yet,
Lionel?" The boy shook his head. "Well" she continued, "I think
we'd better proceed just to be on the safe side" Mrs. Clayton
then placed a fresh towel down on the wooden-topped bench and
instructed Lionel to come over and lie down. He did so,
stretching out to lie full length on the bench, and his penis
stood up like a hard little finger pointing directly at the
ceiling. His foster mother ignored this and she went to the
dresser to retrieve her syringe and a pot of lubricant as well as
a small kidney-shaped metal basin. As she set them down beside
Lionel, he saw, with a little jolt of alarm, that the syringe was
fitted with a blunt plastic needle about four inches long. "How
about you, dear?" said Mrs. Clayton, turning to Amanda. "Have you
been pee- pee yet?" The little girl shook her head and Mrs.
Clayton nodded in satisfaction. "Good" she said. "Because I'm
going to need your help" She had the girl clamber up onto the
bench and then she directed her to straddle Lionel's chest on her
knees so that she faced his feet. The delectable curves of her
little bottom were only inches from Lionel's face now and he felt
his cock twitch with excitement as he gazed at her. "I sometimes
use my standard enema preparation for his procedure," Mrs.
Clayton informed them. "However," she continued, " in cases such
as this I prefer a more homeopathic remedy" She placed the
kidney basin beneath Amanda on Lionel's chest and addressed the
young girl. "In a moment, when I begin the procedure I'm going to
need you to hold Lionel's little winkie for me," she said.

"Before that, however, I want you to do you business for me" She
nodded down at the little metal basin and folded her arms
expectantly. There was silence in the room for several moments
and then Amanda began to pee. Her stream first came in a couple
of short bursts, splattering against the metal, and then it
steadied into a good flow, filling the little basin almost to the
top. Lionel could feel the heat of the girl's urine through the
thin metal of the basin and the sharp, yet somehow exciting, tang
of the fluid wafted through the Amanda's legs to reach his
nostrils. A few final drops terminated the discharge and then
smiled with approval. "Excellent," she said a moment later. She
picked up the syringe and filled it with Amanda's pee before
removing the basin and setting it aside. The syringe was about
five inches long and, from his vantage point, Lionel estimated
that it held almost a half-pint of liquid. He held his breath
nervously as he waited for what was to follow. "Nowhold tight,
Amanda," Mrs. Clayton ordered, indicating Lionel's hard little
erection. The girl reached out to grasp the stiff root in her
left hand and then, as instructed by her foster mother, she also
cupped his testicles with the other, making Lionel shiver
delightedly at her touch. She had to lean forward slightly to
accomplish this and the prostrate young boy was favored with a
gorgeous view of her plump little nether lips as they peeped
coyly from between her legs. "Alright, now" Mrs. Clayton said as
she coated the plastic needle with cream from the pot. "Let's
begin." Lionel lay almost rigidly as Mrs. Clayton brought the
rounded tip of the needle up to the head of his cock and smeared
some of the thick lubricant over the end of the glans. She held
then held the needle right against his pee-hole, twirling it
slightly to push some of the cream inside and then. With just the
briefest pause, she deftly inserted the plastic tube into his
cock. Lionel exhaled sharply as he was penetrated and there was a
brief stinging sensation before the needle slid inward. All at
once, he could feel his urethra being stretched wide as Mrs.
Clayton pushed deeper still with an agonizing slowness, and he
shivered as she continued sliding the tube down the sensitive
inside of his cock. It was a feeling like nothing he had ever
experienced before and he discovered that rather than being
unpleasant it was arousing him immensely, making his penis throb
with the intensity of the pleasure. He wanted the sensation to
continue but, a moment later, the end of the syringe was resting
flush against his glans and he could tell that the tip of the
needle was now inside his bladder. Mrs. Clayton now began to
press the plunger of the syringe and all at once, the hot fluid
within was forced into his bladder. He had never even heard of
such a thing being done before and he discovered that the idea of
having the little girl's pee injected into him was intensely
stimulating. He could sense his bladder expanding with this new
influx of fluid and he gripped the towel beneath him tightly as
he savored the sensation with increasing excitement. When the
barrel of the syringe was almost empty, Mrs. Clayton pulled the
needle back a little so that the tip was again in his urethra
rather than his bladder. As she continued to withdraw, she
pressed the plunger all the way home, squirting the last little
measure of piss inside his cock. She stopped for a moment before
pulling the tube all the way out and then she instructed Amanda
to pinch Lionel's cock just behind the head, removing the needle
only once the little girl had done as she was told. She stood up
then and was just setting down the syringe when the telephone
suddenly rang. "Damn it, what now?" swore Mrs. Clayton irritably.
She started to leave the room and then she turned to Amanda.

"Keep squeezing tight for another minute and then you can let go,
okay?" The little girl nodded by way of reply and Mrs. Clayton
left to answer the call. There was silence in the room for
several moments and then Amanda giggled softly as she continued
holding Lionel's cock tightly between her fingers. She wiggled
her bottom at him and then let out another little arpeggio tinkle
of laugher. "You're looking right up my bum, aren't you Lionel?"
she teased, giving his penis a playful little tug. Lionel, who
was indeed feasting his eyes on the delectable sight before him,
was too embarrassed to make any response and Amanda looked over
her shoulder at him. "I don't mind that you are," she whispered
to him with a naughty little grin. No sooner had she said this
than she shuffled back on her knees so that her nether regions
were almost squarely over Lionel's face. The puffy outer lips of
her girlish cunt were now plainly visible to him and they were
parted slightly, allowing him to see the pinkish, slightly
glistening folds within. He was also suddenly able to catch the
delicate scent of her adolescent sex and the salty tang of it
sent a wave of desire coursing through his body. Amanda smiled at
the effect she was having on the boy. "I think it's just about
time," she announced a few moments later. Cupping Lionel's
scrotum with her free hand, she released her grip on his cock and
then suddenly squealed in amused surprise as a spurt of urine
burst out and shot across the floor. Only a tablespoon or so of
fluid had been released, but the effect was quite dramatic and
Amanda dissolved into a fresh wave of giggles. "Goshare you
going to do any more?" she asked with genuine interest. Beneath
her, Lionel shook his head and replied that he didn't think so.

Amanda was silent for a moment and then she reached out and ran
her finger lightly down the underside of his shaft, making him
moan in sudden pleasure. She repeated this and then, almost
leisurely, she flicked his cock, causing it to bounce back and
forth like a sapling in a heavy wind. The effect pleased her and,
chuckling at this newly discovered diversion, she continued flick
him with light smacks of her open palm. Lionel, completely turned
on by these attentions as well as by the enticing view above, was
unable to retrain himself any longer. He reached up with both
hands to grasp Amanda's bottom and he prised the cheeks apart,
massaging the firm young flesh beneath his palms. His cock was
throbbing heavily now and he began to tremble in excited
anticipation as he slowly raised his head up from the bench
toward Amanda's pussy. He was just about to apply his lips
squarely to her sweet little honey-pot when a sudden sound made
both children turn guiltily toward the door. "Well that's hardly
an effective technique, young lady," Mrs. Clayton observed from
where she stood in the doorway. Lionel and Amanda were both
horrorstruck as they realized that they had been watched, but, to
their complete surprise, Mrs. Clayton didn't appear even remotely
angry with them. "If you're going to assist me in managing
Lionel's seminal discharges from time to time," she continued,
"You'll have to do better than that, my girl." She walked into
the room then and told the children to get up and get into the
bath. After she had handed them a bar of soap each she walked
back toward the door and then suddenly paused as though
considering something. "You know," she said, turning to Amanda.

"I think we better start your training in the proper techniques
tomorrow night"

The End 
