This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

LEZ Be Lovers (FF, MF, bi, blackmail, cons, interr, nc, oral, impreg, safe, toys)

by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

When I arrived in the big city, ready for university, I found that I didn't even have anywhere to live! The place that I was going to rent had been rented to someone else, probably for more money, or maybe they just didn't like black people? I would have complained, but did I really want a landlord like that?

I spent my first night in my car. I barely slept, I was so worried that a cop might arrest me for vagrancy, or other worse things that could happen to a homeless girl found all alone.

Hanging out at a local coffee house the next day for their free wireless, I found an ad for a sorority on campus. I called right away, and that very evening I was in a line of nervous 19-year-old girls in the Lambda Epsilon Zeta house, being inspected by the sisters of the sorority.

We were told to do things like touch our toes, or down a beer in 30 seconds...neither were a problem for me. Two girls nearly barfed the beer up and were sent away. Lightweights.

The four of us remaining were asked personal questions, such as had we ever kissed a girl? I said yes (I had experimented with a non-serious girlfriend just the previous year). There were some other questions, but when one of us was asked to leave it was the only girl who had said no to that particular question.

With three of us left, the sisters excused themselves to the hallway to deliberate. From my place in line I could read one of the sisters' lips, and I think she said, "Diversity," giving me a glance. That was Renette, who seemed to be in charge.

With all the racist shit I had to put up with growing up, from white guys wanting to see if they could score with the black chick, to non-black girls treating me like I was some sort of leper, it was about time the color of my skin actually helped! I would grab the reverse racism with both hands if it meant a roof over my head!

Sure enough, the other two girls were sent off and I was in! But there was a catch...

---

My phone beeped again. This time it was Brianna, wanting me to clean her room while she was out.

Yep, they had made the token black chick the maid for the house. Practically a slave, though I could leave at any time, as long as I didn't mind sleeping on the street! The sisters kept me so busy between classes that I didn't have any time to get a real job to pay for alternate housing.

---

My duties changed when Renette broke her leg trying to perform a complicated cheerleading move during practice. Suddenly I was her personal slave, bringing her meals to her in bed, reading to her...

...and bathing her. I helped her sit on the edge of her large bathtub and she slipped her robe off. I looked, of course...Renette was the perfect example of blonde sexiness, with her flawless, lightly tanned skin, and the trim figure of a cheerleader. She caught me looking and smiled.

As she settled into the water, making sure to keep her cast high and dry, she asked me to bathe her. It was her leg that was broken, not her arms, but I complied, lathering her up and using the sponge on her undamaged upper leg, sliding it up, skipping over what was between her legs, down the other leg...

Renette gave a disappointed groan. I continued back up her leg on the outside, moving on to her stomach. Up from there, I made sure that her magnificent boobs got nice and clean, leaving her nipples standing at attention. Renette was breathing heavily by that point.

Finally, I moved the sponge down between her legs, rubbing at her crotch. As Renette gasped I leaned forward and kissed her. She returned the kiss feverishly. As our tongues danced I let go of the sponge and easily slipped my fingers into her well lubricated pussy. In no time I had her gasping into my mouth as I felt her insides grip the three fingers I had managed to get inside her by that point.

---

We became lovers, when I wasn't waiting on her hand and foot. By this point I had been excused from my other duties and a new girl, one of the other two who had been sent away when I was chosen, was brought in to fill the maid/slave position.

One night I was sleeping in my room when my phone beeped. The text was from Renette: "come now".

I looked at the clock: 2:30 AM. I had a test in the morning! I sent back: "need sleep".

The response came quickly: "NOW".

I threw on my robe and made my way to Renette's bedroom. She was completely naked, her legs apart, and her fingers in her cunny as she watched me.

"Renette, I need to sleep," I whined.

The pretty blonde's face suddenly turned ugly and she paused her masturbation to devote her full attention to me. "You'll do what I say, slave!"

I felt like I had been slapped across the face! We had been intimate with each other for weeks by this point so I thought that maybe she cared for me, if only a little. That illusion had been shattered.

Seeing me pause, Renette continued, "Lick my fucking twat, bitch, or you're out on the street." She moved her hand to reveal my assigned target.

Cold determination washed over me. Fine, I thought, if that's the way it is. I dived into her muff, giving as good a pussy licking as I had ever done before. When she finally came, which actually didn't take very long, I immediately left the room. Neither of us said anything.

---

It went on like that for another week. No more tenderness. Had there ever been any real feelings there, or had that just been me?

I met Derek in the canteen. Our eyes had been drawn to each other, as the university was in one of those States that didn't actually have many people of color. He was a Philosophy major, which explained why I hadn't seen him before; I was majoring in Astronomy.

He walked me back to my dorm, though I actually left him a block away. I didn't want any of the sisters to see me with him. My housemates all seemed to be lesbians, which explained the applicant question of kissing girls. I figured I'd get in trouble if they found me with a boy.

---

I met with Derek as often as I could. One day I texted Renette that I was going to an impromptu study group so I would be late home, and then I went to a movie with Derek. We hid in the back of the theater and made out. His hand slipped into my shirt and palmed my boob while mine ran over his muscular chest. By the end of the movie our hands were in each others' pants but neither of us had cum. We left the theater hot and bothered.

I managed to sneak Derek into my room through the window and then we tore each others' clothes off. I urged him to keep quiet as I slipped a condom onto his 8" rod. We fucked for the better part of an hour, filling two rubbers. Oh, how I had missed cock!

I kissed Derek goodbye and he slipped out the window just as my phone beeped. Oh shit, Renette! The text read, "where r u slave? my puss needs attention".

Fucking bitch! I threw on my robe and was just opening the door to leave when I spied the two used condoms on the bed. Hmm...I thought. I dropped one into my robe pocket as I went.

Renette was again lying there waiting with her legs splayed, ready for me. I suggested that she turn over and I would use one of her dildos.

I grabbed her favorite fake cock and awkwardly used it to stimulate her clitoris and outer labia with my foot. While Renette couldn't see what I was doing I used my hands to untie the filled condom. When it was finally open I inserted the dildo into it head first and then directed that condom covered head in between Renette's vaginal lips.

"MMmmm..." Renette sighed as the condom covered phallus easily slipped into her wet pussy.

I had such a thrill that I was playing this little trick on the nasty, unsuspecting Renette. As a lesbian she had probably never had a condom inside her, much less one filled with sperm! I pushed and pulled that fake cock in and out of her, making sure to hold the condom so that it remained sealed around the dildo. Hee hee!

I could hear Renette building to an orgasm so I started to really thrust the sex toy into her hard. On each push she called out, "Yes!" Finally I knew that she was ready and I switched my movements from hard to fast.

"Uh uh uh...UHHH!!" Renette moaned and I knew she was cumming, her pussy squeezing the outside of the filled condom.

As Renette finished her orgasm I realized that I had to act fast! I slipped the dildo out of her and then slid the condom off of it. Dropping the sex toy onto the bed, I turned away, quickly re-tied the condom, and dropped it back into my robe pocket.

When I turned back to Renette I saw that she had flipped onto her back and had grabbed the dildo, inserting it back into her throbbing pussy. As she jammed the plastic dick inside her she grunted, ramping up to another orgasm.

I could see some of Derek's cum bubble out between Renette's vaginal lips and the dildo as she pleasured herself. She cried out as a second wave of orgasmic energy washed over her, and I knew that the amount of Derek's sperm that had been left on the fake cock were going for a ride deep into Renette's "tunnel of love".

Her last period had ended a couple of weeks ago. There was a good chance that she was ovulating!

I shoved my fingers into my own pussy while watching the unsuspecting leader of the sorority house possibly impregnate herself with my man's seed. I shook and came hard at that thought.

---

As hot as that experience had been I had freaked out after I got back to my room. For the next couple of weeks I stayed away from Derek until Renette's next period arrived. My own started shortly thereafter, as it seemed my cycle had synced with the other girls in the house, which sometimes happens.

Renette had been treating me better up until her period had started, and then she turned into a capital B bitch. She didn't want sex, but I had to wait on her hand and foot, and being on the rag myself didn't make my experience any better.

After my period ended I started sneaking Derek back into my room at night. We filled three condoms that first night...he had been saving up, it seemed.

My double life continued for another week or so, and then when Renette called me up to her room I found Brianna there as well, naked. The leggy brunette had a strap-on dildo fastened around her waist.

"Um..." I said, pausing at the door.

"Get in here, slave," Renette commanded. I complied, closing the door behind me.

"Get naked and on all fours."

I paused and she yelled, "NOW!" I got onto the bed and did as commanded.

Brianna got right up behind me and started shoving that big fake cock into my pussy. I had just had sex with Derek so I was pretty lubricated and stretched, but even so it hurt. As Brianna started to fuck me hard she directed me between Renette's legs and I had to give the crippled blonde oral pleasure at the same time.

After a while Brianna pulled the dildo out and then pushed it at my butthole. I whined but knew that there was no getting away from this. I relaxed as best as I could and my pussy juices on the fake cock helped get that thing into my anus. Then Brianna fucked my ass hard.

In the end (no pun intended) Renette came hard on my tongue and Brianna got enough stimulation from the strap-on to cum herself, but I was left sore and humiliated.

Neither of them mentioned Derek so it seemed that they were unaware of him and this had been just pointless abuse.

---

It took me a few days to recover. I was riding Derek in my room when my phone beeped. I could see the screen and knew it was Renette. I could make out "eat my pussy." I continued to bounce on Derek's cock...almost there...

My phone beeped again. It was easy to see "NOW!" on the screen.

"Fuck!" I hissed, getting off of Derek. He looked at me, confused.

I wasn't going to leave him hanging so I snapped the condom off and took his cock into my mouth, sucking and jacking him off with gusto. Within 30 seconds he arched his back, gasping, "Fuuuuck!" as he blew his load into my mouth.

I didn't spit or swallow. I threw my robe on, pointed to my window so he'd know he had to go, and then I raced up to Renette's room.

I swept into her room like a tornado. She had barely gotten, "About time..." out of her mouth before I had leapt between her thighs and jammed my tongue into her pussy.

"OH!" Renette gasped. I thrust my tongue into her again and again, each time spitting a dollop of Derek's cum into Renette's baby bank. When I had pushed all of it inside her I switched to licking her clit.

The energy of my sexual attack had excited Renette and I was able to bring her to orgasm quickly. As she came hard I played with my own clit, reaching a powerful cum myself as I imagined her athletic body sucking that potent black sperm deep inside it.

---

I repeated the naughty activity the next night. On the third night as I was giving Derek his blowjob he asked me why I was sucking him off so much lately. Not that he was complaining, but he liked fucking me too.

I masturbated him with my hand while I described some of the demeaning things the sorority sisters were making me do.

"But the blowjobs?" he asked.

I was getting really horny thinking about what I was going to do with his cum after I sucked it out of him...my pussy was throbbing! I needed some relief.

I climbed on top of him and easily slipped his cock into my wet puss. Ah, that was better!

I realized that I hadn't put a condom on Derek's cock. It felt incredible, but...

"Don't cum, okay?" I urged him. He nodded. I started to ride him.

"I've been taking your spunk upstairs to Renette's room...mmm...in my mouth. Do you want to know what I've been doing with it?"

His eyes wide, he nodded again.

"Unhh...I've been taking it and pushing it inside that fucking lesbo's pussy with my tongue!"

"UAAHHH!" Derek cried out. I felt his cock expand...

"Noo..." I gasped, trying to get off of him, but then I felt a wet, warm pressure spread within me, setting off my own orgasm. I lost control of my body and my hips fell back down, embedding his cock as far inside me as it could go as it spewed dangerous babymaking sperm into the core of my being.

"Nuuhhh...oooohhh..." I moaned as my body continued to shake, my orgasm urging his cock to give my fertile insides more of his seed.

Finally I collapsed on top of him, still shaking.

"I'm sorry," he said quietly. "I couldn't help it."

"It's...okay," I replied, "It was my fault, telling you something so perverted while fucking you bareback."

I felt his cock twitch inside me at that thought. Ohh...

My phone beeped. Yep, Renette again.

I got off of Derek and some of his cum dripped out from between my vaginal lips. I might pay for that later, I thought.

I kissed him goodbye and headed up to Renette's room. She was naked and waiting for me again. Feeling Derek's cum sliding down my thighs, I had an idea.

I went to Renette's side drawer and extracted her double-ended dildo. "Ooh..." she cooed, turning around so that she was lying on her chest.

I got on the bed behind her and pushed one end of the dildo into my sopping pussy. Then I pulled it out, turned it around, and started to feed the spermy end into hers. I felt great satisfaction when the naive cheerleader sighed as the dangerous white substance was pushed inside her.

I then angled the dry end into my vagina, which likewise easily slipped inside me. Once we were both connected by the dildo I started to push my butt back at her, causing both ends to more deeply penetrate our insides.

I pushed and pulled on the long fake cock for a bit, and then I pulled it out. Renette gave a disappointed groan. I shoved my tongue into her pussy as I turned the double-ended dildo around.

I then pushed the sperm-covered end that had just been inside me into Renette's hot, fertile insides and the other end back into my own pussy.

I swapped ends one more time before we started to really push back at each other, furious to reach orgasm. We came together, my orgasm heightened by the thought that hers was increasing the chance of her getting pregnant while I conveniently forgot that mine was likely doing the same for me.

---

The next day I went into Renette's room to find her passed out, an open bottle of rye on her nightstand. I shook her but she was barely responsive. I checked her pain medication and there was a warning that she shouldn't drink alcohol, as it could cause drowsiness. This was drowsiness?

I pinched her arm, pulled her hair, and even smacked her cheek a bit. She was quite comatose, though her breathing was strong.

I quickly texted Derek and told him to get over here, even if he had to cut a class.

---

"I can't see a damn thing," Derek said as I pulled him down the hall. He reached for the blindfold over his eyes but I slapped his hand away.

"That's the idea," I replied. We reached Renette's room and slipped inside, closing the door behind us. I quickly undressed Derek and pulled him by his now hard cock over to the bed.

The unconscious Renette was lying on her back with her butt on the edge of the bed, her feet touching the floor and her pussy right where I wanted it to be. I pulled Derek forward, nudging the head of his cock between her pussy lips as I spread them apart with my fingers.

I spit onto his cock head to give it some lubrication. The moisture spread through her vaginal lips from the contact.

"No condom?" Derek said. "Is that okay?"

"Yeah, no problem," I said, jacking on his cock a little.

He pushed forward and the head of his cock disappeared as it went inside Renette's pink pussy. Derek pushed a bit more, and then pulled back in order to get a better angle. I dropped some more spit on his cock and it helped him to get a couple of inches into the unconscious lesbian. I really enjoyed the sight of his dark skin contrasting with Renette's pale body.

"Oh baby, that feels so good," Derek said.

"C'mon, stud, fuck me," I said while angling my face so that it sounded like I was his current lover.

Derek managed to get a good rhythm going. I could see Renette's breathing was heavy and her nipples were stiff. The lesbo was enjoying this!

Once I thought that Derek had gone past the point of no return I reached up and removed his blindfold. He immediately stopped, his eyes staring at the unconscious white bitch his cock was all up in. He didn't pull out, though.

"Holy shit! What--?"

"Shh!" I hushed him. "Look at this." I kissed Renette's slack mouth, and then moved my hand to her glorious breasts, pinching one of her perfect pink nipples. Derek still hadn't pulled out. He was watching my every move.

I moved my hand down to just under Renette's stomach, pushing inward, applying pressure through her flesh to where his cock was buried. "Feel that?" I asked him. "She's probably never had a real cock up in her before. You're the first." I moved my hand up. "Mmm...just think how this firm tummy will grow when you put your baby in there."

"Jesus..." Derek whispered, not moving his eyes from where I was caressing Renette's stomach. His hips were thrusting a little now.

"Her tum will start to round out a bit, make her think that maybe she's getting fat, but we'll know. Then once it starts getting bigger she'll know too." I moved my hands back to her breasts, kneading them. "These will get bigger too, in order to feed your baby growing inside of her. I can't wait."

By now Derek was pulling his cock out a couple of inches and then pushing it back inside the insensate cheerleader. He may not even have been aware he was doing it. I moved my fingers down to her extended clitoris. Renette's breathing was quite heavy now, as was Derek's.

"But...but..." Derek seemed conflicted, though he was still thrusting.

"She might already be pregnant," I reminded him, "I've been pushing your swimmers up inside her for days. There's no need to pull out if she's already knocked up, right?"

It seemed Derek agreed. His thrusting was getting faster. His eyes roamed Renette's perfect body, with its lily white skin. I had him!

I quickly vibrated my fingers on Renette's clit. I heard her gasp, saw her stomach tense up, and then she was grunting, cumming on my man's cock.

That was it for Derek. "Oh shiiiiittt!" he cried out as he jammed his cock hard and deep inside the oblivious bitch. I moved my hand to my own clit, frigging myself hard as I thought about that fresh load of his potent sperm being injected into Renette's defenseless reproductive system. I came as I heard her grunt again, the skin of her toned stomach vibrating as her stomach muscles spasmed in pleasure, and Derek groaned as he filled her up with life.

Once we had all come down from our pleasure Derek pulled out of Renette carefully. A stream of white splashed onto her carpet and bedspread. I'd have to clean that up before going to sleep.

---

Derek avoided me for days after that, and then when I cornered him in a secluded part of the campus he said that he was afraid he would get arrested for rape. I told him there was no way for that to happen but he said we would have to break up. Fuck.

---

I continued to attend Renette. I noticed when her period didn't come but she seemed oblivious, as she was distracted by her newly restored mobility with a leg brace. By the time her next period likewise didn't show up she had started acting differently toward me; more loving. She didn't order me around anymore, kissed and hugged me a lot, and actually let me sleep with her at night.

Then as her third missed period rolled around she sat me down next to her. She took my hand and pressed it to her midsection. I had noticed it had gotten a little rounder.

"I'm pregnant," she said. I pretended to look shocked and waited.

"It's yours," she continued. She cut me off when she saw the disbelief on my face: "I know it's not possible, but I know it's yours...I FEEL it." She pressed my hand slightly harder into her stomach for effect.

"There's no way," I responded.

She smiled at me. "I know what I know, and when this baby comes out looking like you, you'll know too."

I looked at her in disbelief. Yes, the baby would be half black because it was Derek's, but Renette was acting crazy!

She threw her arms around me. "I love you," she said fervently.

I didn't know what to say.

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)
