MRS GREY ENJOYS SPANKING

BY LESLIE MORGAN

Mrs. Grey who lives in northern Sudan was engaged to Mr. Brown.
They were already living together with Mrs. Grey's eleven year
old daughter Amber and ten year old Betty along with Mr. Brown's
thirteen year old daughter Cynthia. Mrs. Grey frequently would
comment on how well behaved her children acted due to close
vigilance and spankings that left them crying with thoroughly
blistered bottoms. Mrs. Grey would emphasize that the more the
spanking hurt, the more Mrs. Grey enjoyed the spankings because
her daughters were learning to behave and Mrs. Grey felt a sense
of satisfaction from teaching her children to behave.

In a country where most little girls went through the horrors of
female genital mutilation and practices slavery where a mother
and child sell for about a hundred dollars in U.S. currency,
spankings of children short of permanently crippling damage was
not of concern to the authorities.

Mrs. Grey would go on in detail how much she enjoyed watching the
spanked bottom turn pink then red and finally watching blisters
form as her child would cry and thrash about and beg for the
spanking to end before she would stop and have the spanked child
stand in a living room corner with bottom bared until bed time.
Mrs. Grey insisted that she found spanking her daughters bottoms
sexually stimulating and even though the spankings were much more
severe than the situation usually merited, Mrs. Grey would not
finish the spankings until she had several intensely satisfying
sexual orgasms. Mrs. Grey explained that her sexual intense
pleasure in delivering spankings was very beneficial in
encouraging thorough spankings and close vigilance of her
thoroughly disciplined daughters. Mrs. Grey would stop spanking
after each orgasm and then after a rest would continue to spank
all the while explaining to the daughter being spanked how
sexually thrilling and satisfying spanking her daughters sexually
excited her to no end.

All her Arabic women friends have had there clitoris removed and
were intrigued by Mrs. Greys revelations. Mrs. Grey regularly
attended female genital mutilations dragging along her children
explaining that removal of the clitoris along with parts of the
vulvas with the remainder of the openings being sutured shut was
the alternative to long blistering painful spankings. Her friends
approved of the spankings and were intrigued by her assertions
that the intense sexual orgasms from spanking children was a
tremendous benefit for her children due to how it so encouraged
Mrs. Grey to thoroughly discipline her children.

On Saturday afternoon, Amber crossed against a red light and one
of Mrs. Grey's friends criticising Amber, who Amber did not
recognize, was told by Amber to mind her own business. Mrs.
Grey's friend asked what would your mother do to you if she heard
the way you talked to an adult after being corrected for doing
something improper. Amber responded that it really isn't a dumb
bitches concern and that there is no reason to wait for a green
light without any cars near by.

Amber was across town and never suspected word would get back to
her mother of Amber's talking back to an adult. An hour later
Amber arrived home to find the woman she talked back to sitting
with her mother as they were drinking coffee. Mrs. Grey told her
now pleading about to be spanked eleven year old daughter that
her bottom was about to be blistered not so much for crossing
against a red light but mostly for talking back to a concerned
adult who was kindly trying to offer proper guidance for improper
behavior.

Amber who was not spanked in over a year begged and pleaded not
to be spanked when she saw the hair brush. Mrs. Grey told Amber
that a strapping was really in order but told Amber that only a
hand would be used if Amber co- operated and apologized. Betty
and Cynthia were also in the living room. Even though Mrs. Grey
would spank her friends children and then thoroughly blister
these childrens behinds with a light paddle from an seemingly
endless onslaught of swats, her children would rarely mis-behave
remembering how severely blistered their behinds were after the
previous numerous repeated spankings and paddlings from previous
mis-behaviors.

Mrs. Grey decided to secure Amber's arms with a new harness that
strapped over the shoulders and around the back halfway between
the shoulders and waist. Once being adjusted and tightened,
addition straps with wrist cuffs were taken out of a drawer
leaving Amber's hands crossed behind her and pulled back securing
the hands in place over the small of Amber's back. An already
profusely crying Amber upon realizing how helpless the arms and
hands were redoubled her pleading and begging not to be spanked.

Mrs. Grey then took a scissors and went to work cutting off the
old ready to be thrown out dress Amber was wearing and pulled off
the crying childs panties leaving her bare. Mrs. Grey asked her
friend to videotape the spanking Amber was about to receive
because Mrs. Grey wanted to view the spankings in the future when
she wished to masturbate and to have it to show to Amber while
Amber would have to answer detailed questions about the spankings
Amber was about to receive for when Amber's spankings were to be
discussed with friends.

Mrs. Grey was tremendously sexually stimulated by her sense of
power and control of her crying tied up defenseless eleven year
old child. Mrs. Grey explained to Amber that the harness was a
new experience and tremendously sexual stimulated her. After Mrs.
Grey masturbated to orgasm, she told Amber that the spanking
Amber was to receive would be a light one because spanking her
tied up child would satisfy her mother's sexual desires much more
quickly than in the past. Mrs. Grey told Amber that they were
both going to benefit from amber being restrained in a harness
because Amber would not be nearly as severely spanked and her own
sexual desires would be far better satisfied.

At this point Mrs. Grey told Amber that she did not trust herself
to not tremendously increase the length, intensity, and severity
of the spanking Amber was about to receive and Mrs. Grey
suggested having Amber spanked by her friend instead. Mrs. Grey
added that the spanking would only be with a hand and half as
hard as the hand part of her last years hand spankings. For the
first time since getting home that afternoon, Amber stopped
pleading begging and crying over the expected numerous severe
long spankings and paddlings.

Amber was instructed to ask her mother's friend to spank her
after which she hoped the friend would accept her apology. Mrs.
Grey picked up the camera at which was to be a relatively mild
spanking compared to Mrs. Grey's hand spankings but still while
the smacks were not of more than moderate in force at the worst
still thoroughly slowly pinkened then gradually over the next
thirty minutes with a combination of light to some moderate force
smacks resulted in a deep red color as tears poured down Amber's
crying face with promises to be good and pleas of leniency.

Mrs. Grey experienced the most intense orgasms of her life
without ever taking either hand of the video camcorder while
taping Amber's spanking. Mrs. Grey applied an anesthetic and an
ice pack to Amber's bottom which pretty much stopped hurting
after thirty minutes but left her tied up as Amber spent the
night in her mother's bed with her mother and soon to be
stepfather.

Mrs. Grey told Amber that she would be tied up naked and sleep in
the parental bed from time to time but never more than moderately
spanked in the future if Amber co-operated with being restrained
and occasionally spanked. Mrs. Grey decided that her need to
severely spank children who were restrained could be vented on
her access to the slave female children kidnapped from the
Southern parts of the Sudan where tribal villages are raided
where the men are killed the women and children were kidnapped
for slavery.

