Karen and Michelles Sad Story Part 1 Chapter 40
By Redlegtiger
Redlegtiger@hotmail.com

Please remember that this is fantasy and anyone thinking that they should do these things in real life, deserve to be locked up and have the key thrown away and play sissy slut to their cell mate for eternity.  If you are not at least 18 years of age please leave.


Chapter 40, Omega Psi Sisters initiation

Four hours after falling asleep the alarm sounded.  Karen groaned and turned over to turn the alarm off.  It was now 7:30 am.  She rubbed her eyes of sleep and went into the bathroom and took a quick shower and got ready for the day.  When she came out she saw that it was 8:20 and the girls werent up yet.  She took one look around the room and noticed that they all were cuddled up with their dogs.  She smiled and thought God I love these girls.  Theyre going to do fine.  She yelled, Rise and shine you love birds.  Its time to get up and get ready.  You have a lot to do today.  

The pledge sisters all groaned and grumbled as they sat up and stretched their nude bodies.  Their dogs sensing that things were beginning to happen either sat up or got up and a couple of them barked in greeting.  Baron and Duke came over to the person they thought of as their mother, Karen and greeted her excitedly.  She petted them and gave each of them a kiss on the nose and ordered them down.  When they had gotten down and sat on either side of her, Karen announced, Alright ladies.  Here is what I want you to do this morning.  First I want you to all take care of your morning ablutions and then come down for breakfast.  Feed your dogs and then eat.  After breakfast is over, you will all thoroughly wash your dog at least three times to make sure they are spotlessly clean.  You will find a gallon jug of dog shampoo in the linen closet in my bathroom.  Use it for the first couple of times.  The third time I want you to use the fragrant shampoo of your choice.  You will find a selection of different ones in the same cabinet.  After you wash them, then I want you to blow dry them thoroughly and brush them well.  When you are done with that, it should be lunch time.  Ill give you the rest of the instructions then.  Are there any questions?

The girls all said no so Karen left to go fix breakfast.  She decided to treat the girls to a special breakfast of Belgian waffles with fresh fruit along with sausage and juice.  She had fresh peaches, blue berries, strawberries, and raspberries ready with yogurt available for topping if they wanted.  As she was finishing up the batter for the waffles the girls and dogs came running down the stairs excitedly talking and comparing notes about all of their antics during the week of hunts.  They found five dog bowls stacked on the counter waiting for them and a large trash can by the back door labeled dog food.  April was the first to grab a bowl and fill it with dog food.  She took the bowl and set it on the table where she planned to sit and had Max sit by the chair.  She then went and got her plate and fixed up her waffle with strawberries and went back to her place.  She set the bowl of dog food on the floor beside her chair in front of Max and then sat down to eat breakfast.  Each of the girls had watched what April had done and quickly followed suit.  That was the way from then on that the sisters would feed the dogs and all future sisters would be taught the same way.  

After all of the girls and dogs had eaten they all went up to Karens room to begin their morning assignments to clean the dogs.  As the last of the girls was heading up stairs, Darren and Sheri came down to the kitchen.  When she saw the fruit and waffles, Sheri exclaimed, Belgian waffles, my favorite! and rushed up to Karen and gave her a big hug.

After they got their fill of waffles and sausage Karen finally asked, I take it you two are together now?

Darren burst out laughing shaking his head and finally said, Thats my Karen.  You always get straight to the point.  He looked at Sheri and then back at Karen and continued, We both now know how we feel about each other because of you.  We were so afraid of loosing each other that we were afraid of even broaching the possibility that there might possibly be something more between us.  As you always seem to do around here, you cut to the chase and arranged it so that we could break through that fear and bring us together how each of us had never dared dream could be possible.  We decided that we would wait until she graduated from college to get married.  It seems she wants to be an Omega Psi Sister while she attends college here and she refuses to do that after marriage.  I am more than happy to wait for her to do that.  Weve already decided who the maid of honor is going to be so put on your calendar that one week after her graduation will be our wedding.  We both insist on that.  Now Ill leave you two to compare notes while I go make sure that everything is ready for tonight.  Ive also got a few items to pick up for the ceremony tonight.  See you a couple of hours before the initiation.  

As Darren headed out of the kitchen Karen said, Alright girl.  Get that shit eating grin off your face and give me the details.  I want to know everything.

Sheri put down the cup of coffee she had been drinking and began, I know you watched until I got that luscious cock of his down my throat so I wont say anything about that other than its a lot easier with the real thing than with a dildo.  He came like a minute after you closed the door.  I began giving him another tongue bath after he went soft so that I could get him hard again.  I decided that I wasnt going to take his blindfold off afterwards like you suggested.  After about ten minutes of kissing, licking and nibbling him all over he started to get hard again.  I sucked him to hardness and by that time I was so absolutely turned on that I was ready to give him my cherry.  I crawled over him and at first I just set my pussy down on the length of his cock and moved myself backwards and forwards on it to get me just a little bit wetter.  As I did that he tried to reach up and go for my tits but I slapped his hands without saying anything and he put them back down.  Thats when I decided that it was time and lifted myself up high enough so that his cock stood straight up. I reached back and guided it into my pussy.  When I felt it at the entrance, I leaned down and kissed him at the same time a forced myself down on his cock in one swift plunge.  The extra lube you had me put in made it a lot easier thank god.  But it still hurt when he broke through my cherry.  

Sheri continued, At that point he knew something was up and reached up to take off his blindfold while I was still kissing him.  When he saw that it was me he broke the kiss and exclaimed SHERI!! What are you doing here? I giggled and said, Im making love to my soul mate, what does it look like? God guys can be so dense some times.  

Any way I kissed him again and started fucking him in earnest.  The pain had subsided by then and it was starting to feel good.  He brought his hands up between us and began to play with my tits as I fucked him.  I was so excited that I came like a minute after.  He of course was no where near cumming because of the blow job earlier.  Well after my orgasm, I wanted him on top so I broke the kiss and told him that I wanted him on top.  He put his arms around me and rolled us over and then started really going to town.  He took slow but long strokes in and out and it didnt take long before I was coming again and again.  I came so many times that I lost count.  Finally he came in me and we just lay there like that for a long time.  We finally separated and lay side by side talking about our love and respect for each other.  He told me how he came to love me during my recovery from the accident but was afraid to say anything because of our age difference.  I told him how I came to love him because he was the only one who was always there for me through all of the painful physical therapy and wouldnt let me give up when I began to lose hope.  We must have talked like that for a couple of hours and then he made love to me one more time.  This was a long gentle fucking and it just felt right that we should be together like that.  It was after we finished that time that he said he wanted to marry me when I was old enough.  I almost came from him telling me that. We talked another couple of hours and had just started to fall asleep when you came and checked on us early this morning.  Thank you so much for doing this for us.  I cant wait to tell his mom or dad.

Karen looked surprised and asked, You mean you are going to tell them now about you two?

Sheri giggled and said, Sure.  They have been wondering why I dont date boys and have talked to me several times about it.  I think they may still be worried that I havent recovered fully from the accident.  Now I can tell them the reason I didnt even consider dating anyone else was because I was hopelessly in love with Darren.  I think that when we introduce you to them in May that Darren and I will tell them about us as well.  Theyll be so happy about having Karen back that they wont say anything about it.  You can give us your blessing so that it will alleviate their concerns about how it will affect you.

Karen then asked, Did you guys use condoms or any other type of protection?

Sheri said, Im on the pill so he didnt wear condoms.  I wouldnt have wanted him to anyway.  His mom put me on the pill last year.  She figured that I was getting to the point where I might get interested in boys so she wanted to make sure there were no accidental pregnancies.

Karen had tears of happiness in her eyes as she finally said, I am so happy for you guys.  I will of course be your brides maid when you guys finally tie the knot.  I am also looking forward to initiating you into the sisters when you come to school here in a couple of years.  I promise that I will sponsor you.  Now what are you doing tonight during the party?

Sheri answered, I called Darrens mom and she is going to take me home this afternoon.  I plan on coming over on weekends still until we can get you fully trained up to pass muster with them though.  They only live about thirty miles from here so it isnt going to be hard to do.  Ive really enjoyed this week with you.  Rest assured that there is no way I am going to ever let you out of my life.  You are now and will always be my sister from now on.

The girls hugged and cried in happiness for a long while.  Finally the two separated and Karen shooed her away to go pack and get ready to leave.  She cleaned the kitchen from breakfast.  By the time she was done, it was time to start preparing lunch.  She made sandwiches and had everything ready when the girls and the dogs came down.  

They quickly ate lunch and when they were done Karen stood up and said, I would like to compliment you on the jobs you did with the dogs.  If I couldnt see the dogs in the room here, I wouldnt even know they were here.  For this afternoon the agenda is getting the house and your selves ready for tonight.  You all know what works best for you so take your time and make sure that everything is perfect.  So to start, lets get the kitchen and assembly room ready.  After that is done then you are all released until 5 pm to bathe and get ready.  At 5 pm you are all to be in my room waiting for the initiation to start.  No one will be allowed out of the room until the ceremony starts.  Now break down into teams of two and get the kitchen, assembly room and downstairs bathrooms cleaned.  Karen put the bowls with the necklaces and the bracelets in them on the table and said, Be sure to get your choker and bracelets before you go upstairs.  You will get the rest of your rings tonight.

The sisters took a couple of hours to finish their chores and get things ready for the ceremony and then went up to Karens room to prepare.  Karen and Sheri spent the afternoon in the bedroom talking and watching the pledges getting ready.  When Darrens parents came by to pick Sheri up, Karen hugged her goodbye and she left at about three.  Karen went into her big closet and brought out five outfits.  She set one out on each of the girls sleeping bags a single white shift that was made of a gauzy white almost see through material.  They had a deep plunge in the front and the back and tied on the shoulders.  She put the choker and the two bracelets on top of the shift.  That was all that they would be allowed to wear for the ceremony.  

At five pm Karen heard the front door open and reminded the pledges to stay in the room.  She left and went down to see who it was.  Darren and several other brothers were carrying a large long wooden bench into the assembly room.  Karen smiled and said, I see that the initiation bench finally got finished.  I was beginning to think that we would have to do this thing tonight without it.  Why dont you show me how it works?

Darren said, It took a little doing and a bit of persuasion to get it done on time.  It wasnt quite finished when I went to get it this morning.  I spent most of the morning helping put it all together.  As for how it works, it really is a masterpiece of brilliance.  It is twelve feet long and two feet wide.  It is designed to hold five initiates.  It stands high enough that the initiates will be kneeling like they were on all fours.  It can be adjusted up or down about six inches to allow accommodations of all the initiates.  Youll notice that there is a base and a top board.  The top board can be pulled up about a foot and locked into position to allow the initiates to get in.  The bottom board has two eight inch holes in each position to allow the five initiates tits to hang down.  Weve padded the inside of the board with a half inch of cushioning foam rubber on the bottom board and three inches on the top board to make it a bit more comfortable.  When the top is lowered and locked into place, the extra padding on top will allow it to conform to each initiate and hold them immobile once the top is locked down.  There is a brace that comes out from the center of each position on the floor forming a T.  There are cuffs at the end of each T that allow the initiates knees to be locked two feet apart.  On the inside of the top board on either side of the initiate is a sleeve that is on two sliding braces that allow it to be adjusted to the forearm of the initiate and lock the arm in place.  You will notice a brace on the top board that is adjustable as well and allows the initiates head to be braced up so that she is looking straight ahead and cant move once they are strapped in.  So what do you think of our little initiation bench?

Karen was grinning about as big as she had ever done and said, Its perfect.  Its just what we wanted.  What about the ones that will be doing the piercings?

Darren answered, We have a doctor and a physicians assistant that are alumni that volunteered, as well as a brother that is currently in his last year of PA school.  When we asked for volunteers, these were the only ones with medical experience so as opposed to choosing one to do all three piercings, I thought that we would have all three do a single piercing.  My idea was to have them all do it at exactly the same time.  That should make it a bit more interesting and intense for the initiate but in the long run much easier to tolerate.  So what do you think?

Karen answered, I love it.  Were you able to get everything else for the initiates?

Darren answered, That and more.  Ill announce everything tonight after the conclusion of the initiation ceremony.  I think you will be very happy with the announcement.  How are our girls doing?

Karen responded, There nervous, excited and a bit afraid.  They know that we have something intense planned for them but arent sure if theyll be able to handle it or not.  I keep trying to tell them that they can handle anything with the right kind of attitude but Im not sure they believe me.  I think its time to check up on them and make sure that they are ready.  Ill come back down with the girls at seven sharp.  Have the brothers ready then.  Karen gave Darren a kiss on the cheek and went back upstairs to her room.

Karen started getting ready herself.  She dressed in a similar dress that the girls did but had a gold trimmed robe that was held around her neck by a gold chain.  Once she was ready she went around to each of the girls and reassured them.  As the time got closer to seven pm, the noise level began to increase until it sounded as if a full fledged party was going on beneath them, which in fact was the case.  The brothers and numerous alumni were in attendance for the first ever sister initiation.  All told there were close to eighty brothers and alumni in attendance.  Five minutes before seven, a brother came up and gave the girls a five minute warning.  

Karen lined the girls up with their dogs in order with April first, then Jennifer, Suzie, Brenda, and finally Lorraine.  She gave some last minute instructions to the girls saying, Im going to lead you girls down.  When we go into the assembly room you will see a long bench in the center of the room.  You will notice that it has five places on it so align yourselves in the center of your place and face away from the bench.  Once you are in position, you will only do what is instructed.  You are not to speak at any point during the initiation.  Any refusal to comply with anything during the initiation will result in your immediate removal from the ceremony.  If that happens you will not be allowed to be a sister so just bear what ever it is they are asking you to do.  Remember the ceremony is all about trying your endurance.  You will experience a wide range of emotions to include fear, humiliation, pain, pleasure and many more.  That is by design.  Just take it and try to concentrate on the pleasure.  Now are you ready girls?  They all said they were.  

At seven, Jack opened the girls door and said, Its time.  

Karen slowly led the girls out and down the stairs.  As they descended, the house became totally silent as all attention was focused on the six beauties coming down.  Karen led them into the assembly room and along the bench on the side they would be kneeling on and they faced away from the bench when they stopped.  

On the other side of the bench were three raised chairs.  The center chair was elevated a couple of feet on a platform and was empty.  On either side of that chair sat Darren, the fraternity president on the right and Jack, the Sergeant of Arms on the left.  

Once the girls were stopped and in position Karen took up position behind April.

Darren stood up and announced, Initiates, raise your right hand and repeat after me.  

The girls raised their hand and then Darren repeated the following oath with sufficient pauses to allow the girls to repeat the following pledge. I (state your name) do solemnly swear that as a sister of the Omega Psi Fraternity, I submit every fiber of my being to supporting and providing comfort to our brothers in accordance with the by laws of the fraternity and the sisters.  I do this of my own free will without reservation or hesitation so help me god.

The girls all lowered their hands and Darren said, I would like to introduce our sisters and their companions.  Our first sister and soon to be President of the Sisters is April Mathus alias Trig and her companion is Max.  

Karen untied the shoulder straps of the dress and let it drop to the floor leaving April naked in front of the brothers with only her choker necklace and bracelets on along with a pair of white four inch high heeled pumps.

Darren continued introducing each girl and dog couple with Karen untying each girls dress immediately after the introduction.  All of the girls were dressed exactly the same.

When the last of the pledges was introduced and stripped, Karen went to the empty chair between Darren and Jack and sat down.  Two brothers approached each pledge.  One took the leash from the sister while the other picked up the dress and allowed the girls to step out of them so that they could be folded and placed in a safe place for future use.  

Karen announced, Pledges turn about and kneel at the initiation bench.  Your attending brother will assist you in assuming the correct position.

The girls all knelt down and placed their knees in the cuffs at the end of the T.  The brothers locked the shackles on and helped the girls to lay their upper bodies on the bottom board of the bench with their tits through the holes. Once the girls were in place, two brothers at either end of the bench lowered the top board.  With the assistance of the attending brothers the top board was pushed down as tight as possible before being locked into place.  The attending brothers then adjusted the arm sleeves and laced each sisters arms in the sleeves.  Finally they pulled the sisters head up against the head support and buckled the strap around the sisters forehead to hold her head in place.  When they had the sisters done, the attending brothers stepped back and stood behind the sister.  

Jack got up and went to each sister to check the bindings and make sure that the sister was bound securely while not being injured.  When he was satisfied he took his position in the chair and announced, The attending brothers have adequately secured our initiates for the ceremony.  They are dismissed until the end of the ceremony.

The attending brothers all return to the crowd of brothers standing around the outside of the large room.

Karen announced, The sisters have spent all day cleaning and preparing themselves and their companions for tonights ceremony.  There is one additional task that needs to be completed before they are suitably prepared.  We want our sisters to be clean and pure both inside and out.  Will the enema attendants please proceed.

Five brothers came into the assembly room pushing an IV stand with a two quart enema bag hanging from it.  They lined up behind each sister and inserted the already lubed end of the enema hose into the sisters asshole and turned the enema valve open.  They helped the two quart warm water enema drain into their initiate.  When the full two quart enema was administered, they removed the hose and quickly replaced it with a six inch long by two inch wide dildo that was already lubricated.  The dildo was fully inserted until it was flush with the girls asshole.  When all five girls were prepared, the five attendants stood back and waited.

Jack got up and went down the line to inspect the girls.  He pushed two of the dildos in a bit further before he was happy and returned to his chair.  He announced, Phase one of the ceremony is complete.  The attendants are dismissed.  The brothers all returned to the crowd standing around the outsides of the room.  

When the brothers had left Karen announced, For this next part of the ceremony, each initiate will be done separately. We will start with April and then proceed down the line.  Will the Piercing Preparatory team please take your positions and prepare the initiates to receive their piercings.

Two brothers approached each girl and took up position at the front and rear of the girl.  The one at the front lay on his back and scooted under the girls and began sucking on one tit while manipulating the other with his hand, pinching and squeezing it.  He would alternate tits about every thirty seconds.  The brother at the initiates ass end lay on his back and lifted his head up and started sucking and chewing on the girls clit to stimulate it and make it as big as possible.  

After five minutes of stimulation Karen announced, Will the piercing team proceed, beginning with April.

The three medical professionals that had volunteered to do the piercings stepped up to April.  There was a brother holding two bowls that followed directly behind each one.  One bowl held a ring for each sister in a disinfectant solution while the other held packets with alcohol swabs to disinfect the area to be pierced.  When the piercing team got to April the two brothers stimulating them moved out of the way and returned to the outside of the room to watch.  The doctor, who was in his forties, took up a position on his back at Aprils cunt.  The other two lied down side by side and slid under her until they were in the best position to work on her tits.  When the three were in position they held out their hands and the attendee put the bowl down with the alcohol swabs in it so they could reach and grab one.  They first put on a pair of new latex gloves and then took the swab and disinfected each nipple and her clit.  When done they reached up and took out a ring from the bowl along with a piercing needle.  They each put the needle next to their respective tit or clit.  When the piercer was ready the attending brother turned to face Karen. When all three were facing her she announced, I will count down from three and when I say pierce then April will be pierced and ringed.  Three two one pierce.  

All three pushed their needle through at the same time.  April screamed from the pain but couldnt move.  When the rings were inserted the piercer took another alcohol swab and disinfected the pierced area once again.  When they were done they got out from under April, took off their gloves and waited until all three were standing.  Once they were all three up they moved back to allow the next initiate to be prepared.  When she was ready they did her the same way.  When they finished with the last one they stood in front of the initiates and faced Karen.  Jack got up and went down the line and inspected each girls piercings and when he was done he went back up to his chair and announced, I declare the piercing to have been done in a highly professional manner.  I dismiss our piercers to join the rest of the brethren.  They left and joined the observers along the outer wall.

Karen stood up and announced, That completes the second phase of the initiation ceremony.  The third phase of the initiation will require the participation of all attending the ceremony.  Will the brothers please form a line by April behind the chapter president?  

Darren got up and took up a position by April and the others started to line up behind him.  Jack reached down to the floor beside him and picked up five paddles.  They were about two and a half feet long and six inches wide.  They were made of one inch oak and each one had a copy of its owners tattoo burned into it.  Jack took the paddles and put the paddle that belonged to the sister on top of the board above that sister. When he was done he went to the end of the line to be the last brother.  

When Jack was in position, Karen announced, When a brother is to be disciplined in the future or when his grades are below a B in any course, then they will be paddled by the sisters.  In order for them to understand the significance of this responsibility, they are required to receive one swat from each member attending the ceremony.  The sisters paddle has been placed on the initiation bench above the initiate.  Each brother will move up behind the initiate, take the paddle and spank the initiate with it one time.  When the swat has been administered, replace the paddle back where you got it from and move to the next initiate.  President Darren, would you please begin.

Darren stepped up behind April and reached up to get the paddle.  He took up a position he felt comfortable with and then brought the paddle down hard on Aprils ass cheeks.  When he was done he placed the paddle back and then moved behind the next initiate and repeated the process.  The next brother stepped up behind April and picked up her paddle and the two of them spanked the two sisters at the same time.  When they were done, they replaced the paddle and moved to the next initiate while another brother took up his place behind April.  This same procedure was followed until all of the brothers had spanked the five initiates. Each of the girls was able to withstand quite a few of the swats.  But they all started screaming and crying from the pain somewhere between five and twenty.  Much to their credit none begged for them to stop the paddling.  Jennifer and Brenda both ended up having numerous orgasms toward the end.

When Jack completed spanking the initiates he picked up each of the paddles and returned to his chair next to Karen.  Karen stood up and announced, The initiates have successfully completed phase three of the ceremony.  It is now time for Phase four.  Will the attendees bring the sisters companion to her so that she may prepare him for his part in the ceremony?

The brothers holding the dogs took them up in front of their owner and had them stand up on their hind legs with their front paws on the top board.  This placed the dogs cock in front of the sister.  The sister couldnt move her head so the brother helped the dog get close enough that the sister could touch the dogs sheathed cock with her tongue.  The brother then started rubbing the dogs sheath until his cock started to protrude.  Each sister knew what was expected so when the dogs cock started to touch their lips they started using their tongue to stimulate his cock.  As the cock grew the initiate started sucking it until the dog was completely erect.  When the dog was ready, the attending brother pulled the dog off and led him around to the sisters ass end and had it mount the initiate from behind.  He then helped the dog by guiding his cock into the initiate.  The dog then did what nature dictated and started fucking the initiate.  The brother went back to the sisters head and pulled out their cock and presented their cock to the sisters lips.  The sister opened her mouth and began sucking the brothers cock until he came.  

When all of the attendees were in front of their initiate and being sucked off, Karen stood up and announced, Will the brothers form a line behind the attendee of the sister of their choice.  Each brother will now receive one and only one blow job from a sister.  Please dont try for a second blow job.  When a dog is done and his knot has gone down enough to disengage from the initiate, the companion attendee will take him away until he can be united with his owner.  Any brother that has already had a blow job can step up and take the initiates companions place and fuck her.  This phase of the ceremony ends when all brothers have had a chance to fuck an initiate once and once only.

The brothers lined up behind the attendees currently being sucked off.  Jack and Darren got up and balanced out the lines so that there were an equal number of brothers in each line.  For the next hour and a half the girls sucked off and were fucked by the brothers of the fraternity.  When it was obvious that no one else was stepping up to fuck a sister, Karen stood up and announced, The initiates have now successfully completed phase four of the ceremony.  Will the appropriate attendees come forth and prepare their initiate for the final phase of the ceremony.

The brothers that had done the enemas returned pushing a cart with a tarp, a bucket, a bowl of soapy water and a bowl of clean water.  It also had an analgesic ointment on it as well.  The brother stepped up to his initiate and spread the tarp out underneath the girls ass end.  When the tarp was spread out he picked up the bucket and put it up to the girls ass.  Holding the bucket with one hand he started working the dildo out with the other.  When the dildo came out, the enema came out of the girl with significant force.  The girls each groaned in relief from the release as they had been having uncomfortable cramps since about five minutes after the enema was administered.  When the initiate quit expelling the enema, the attending brother cleaned up the initiates ass end with the soap and water.  When he finished he took the analgesic ointment and spread it over the girls bright red, spanked ass cheeks.  After that the brother took his cock out and began to fuck the initiates ass. 

When all of the initiates were being fucked by their attendant Karen announced, Will the brothers line up as they did before so that each brother has the chance to fuck one of our initiates in the ass?  The same rules apply as before.  If you are struggling to get an erection, feel free to have the sister help you orally get you hard again.

The brothers that could get it up a third time without assistance lined up behind one of the sisters while the ones that needed a little help lined up for a blow job to get started.  For the next couple of hours the initiates were fucked in the ass repeatedly until every one that wanted an ass fuck had done so.  

When it was apparent that no one was stepping up to fuck one of the initiates, Karen stood up and announced, The initiates have now successfully completed each phase of the initiation ceremony.  The attendees will clean up and release the initiates for the final part of the ceremony.

The attending brothers stepped up to their sister and began washing her again with the soap and water to clean up the leaking cum that was draining from their cunts and asses.  When the initiate was clean they released the head brace and arm and knee restraints.  When finished they stood beside the initiate facing Karen.  When all of them were standing, two brothers stepped up and unlocked the top board of the bench and with the help of the attendants lifted it up to its maximum height and locked it in place.  They then helped the initiate up off of the initiation bench and helped the sister to stand facing the brethren of the fraternity.  

When the attendants were sure that their initiate could stand on their own, the initiates dog was returned to her.  When all of the initiates were standing with their companion dogs the attendants stood back facing Karen.  Karen nodded to them and they took the carts with the cleaning supplies out of the room.  Karen stood up and announced, Now that the initiates have completed the required phases of the ceremony, they have earned the right to receive their chain of binding.  This chain symbolizes the binding commitment that they have made to their fraternity brothers and the corresponding commitment that the brothers have made to them thus binding us all together now and forever.  The sister will be required to wear this chain as long as she is an active member of the sisterhood.

Karen, Darren and Jack all got up.  A brother came up with a silver tray with five long gold chains on it.  The three went up to April followed by the brother with the chains.  Darren and Jack stood at a forty five degree angle facing April with Karen directly in front of her but facing the assembled brothers.  The attendant with the chains stepped up in front of Karen and stopped.  Karen picked up one of the gold chains by its ends and turned around presenting an end to Darren and the other end to Jack.  When they took the ends of the chain she knelt down in front of April.  Darren and Jack clipped the end of the chain they were holding to a small almost invisible loop on the bottom center of the choker necklace.  Once they had connected the ends of the chain to the necklace, all three of them picked up a clip strategically placed on the chain and attached the chain to Aprils clit and tit rings.  When they were done, Karen stood up and they all three took turns giving April a kiss and a hug congratulating her on successfully completing the initiation ceremony.  They then moved on to the next sister and awarded her, her chain.  They repeated this with each sister.

When they were done with the final sister, the three returned to their chairs and stood in front of their seats.  Karen announced, Brothers of Omega Psi I present you, your new sisters.  I charge you to love, honor and protect them as you would a member of your own family.  We have established a set of rules that the sisters and brothers must live by.  Any violation of these rules will result in an immediate disciplinary council.  Those rules are as follows.

Omega Psi Fraternity and Sisters Rules

1. Class work is the most important thing in any brother or sisters life.  Any grade below a B in any homework, paper or test for any course will result in daily spanking and loss of privileges with the sisters until said grade is raised back to a B or better.  Any semester grade that is a C or worse will result in academic probation.  Said brother or sister will be required to be naked in the fraternity house at all times.  They will receive daily spankings and mandatory study hall.  They will not be allowed to attend any fraternity or sister function until the end of the next semester when they have brought their grades back to a B or better.  A second semester with a grade below a B will result in dismissal from the fraternity or sisters.
2. The sisters will be nude at all times while in the fraternity house unless there is a special function or a fraternity members grades fall below a B average for a semester.
3. The sisters will be treated with the utmost respect at all times.  Any brother that is found to be talking in a manner not fit for public consumption about any of the sisters, will be asked to leave the fraternity.  In the fraternity the sisters have agreed to be your fuck buddies, but outside of the fraternity they expect to be treated as a lady would be treated by a gentlemen.
4. Having sex with a sister is a mutual decision between a brother and sister.  Any brother that is found to be forcing a sister to have sex after she has said no will be kicked out of the fraternity and brought up on rape charges.  The sisters have agreed that due to their state of dress at most times that they will follow the Reasonable Request Rule as outlined in Karen Wagners Naked in School stories.  You will be given a copy of those rules but in short, it means that you can request to cop a feel of a sister or brother that is naked and they cant refuse as long as it falls within the reasonable request rules.  Sexual intercourse is not a reasonable request.  Refusal of a request will be adjudicated by the fraternity/sister presidency.  Anyone just grabbing a member of the opposite sex without requesting will be brought before the disciplinary council.
5. You will notice the chain that the sisters are wearing.  By becoming a sister and earning that chain, they have agreed to be your fuck buddies.  When you meet a sister and her chain is attached to the choker as it is now, that sister is available.  If the chain is not attached to the choker then for whatever reason, that sister is off limits.  You can still talk to the sister to set up a future time to get together, but that is between you and the sister.
6. Any and all sexual activity will be exclusively within the fraternity and sister organization.  All brothers and sisters will get tested monthly for STDs.  Anyone that becomes infected will be banned from any sexual activity for a semester.  A second violation will result in a permanent ban.  If a brother wants to date someone that is not a sister then he will not be allowed to participate in any sexual activity with any sister.  

You can read the rest of the rules and by laws at your convenience.  Gentlemen, the ladies are here for your and their pleasure.  Please love them and cherish them as they are a very special group of young ladies.  That concludes the initiation ceremony.  Congratulations sisters and welcome to the family.  Karen started clapping and the entire fraternity erupted in applause.

When the applause died down, Darren got everyones attention.  When he did he announced, I am pleased to announce that last month I had a meeting with the supervising board of alumni about funding an extension to the chapter house so that our sisters would be able to stay at the house.  I am pleased to announce that I got a call today from the president of the supervising board and they have approved the expansion and the funds to pay for it.  Construction begins at the end of the spring term and will be completed by the fall term.  Their will be ten rooms in the new addition for the sisters to live in and a special room in the basement for fun and games.  At any given time we should have at least twenty sisters belonging to the fraternity so that would allow them to share a room, two to the room.  If we end up with more than twenty sisters, we will make additional arrangements for them.  I would also like to thank our fraternity queen, Karen Miller, without who this would not have even been possible.  Lets give her a big hand of applause.  The entire fraternity erupted in applause and cheers and whistles for Karen. 

The next couple of hours were spent with the sisters mingling with the fraternity brothers and the attending alumni getting to know them.  Being that they had all cum at least three times that night already there were no requests for any additional sexual activities much to the relief of the girls who were sore in every hole and especially there ass cheeks.  The brothers started leaving about one in the morning with the last one leaving by two thirty Saturday morning.  

When the last of the guests left, Karen gathered the girls together.  She gave each one a big hug and kiss and congratulated them.  She stood back and said, You girls were absolutely wonderful tonight.  I was afraid that one of you would want to stop during the paddling but you all took it so well.  When you get back upstairs you will find a tube of analgesic ointment on your sleeping bag to apply to your backside.  Your paddle will be there as well.  That paddle is yours and yours alone.  You earned the right to keep it.  As I said during the ceremony, any brother that breaks a rule and must be disciplined will receive a spanking from each of you for the number of swats determined by the disciplinarian council.  So take good care of it.  I know that right now you all will continue to live where you are.  But it looks like you wont have to worry about living in a dorm or renting a place for the fall semester.  I assure you that you dont have to live at the fraternity house but I for one would recommend it.  As much as you are going to be over here it would make it a lot easier.  Now go upstairs and clean up and get some sleep.  Sleep in as late as you want.  The brothers have promised to clean up the mess from the ceremony.  Just one final thing before I release you.  Please remember that for now, April is the sister President.  She will stay as such until the beginning of the fall semester where you will have the opportunity to vote for another president.  From that point on, the president of the sisters will be elected and not appointed.  The elected president will be responsible for the part I played in tonights ceremony.  You will find the entire ceremony spelled out in the new rules book that you will be receiving soon.  After this fall, the sister president will take over the room I am in.  I wouldnt feel right in keeping it once I was a sister for real.  I look forward to joining you all in the fall, now lets all go to bed.  The girls all ran upstairs and briefly cleaned up before going to sleep.  

The next afternoon Karen went and took her GED and passed with flying colors.  The following week end she took the ACT and got a 30 on it.  With the connections that Darren had she was accepted to attend the university on a work study program starting with the fall semester.  

Each weekend, Sheri came by and worked with Karen on teaching her about her sister and all of the things she needed to know to assume the real Karen Millers identity.

In late April, Karen started to really show that she was pregnant.  She asked Darren if he could find an adoption lawyer to help find a couple to adopt the baby.  She decided it would be best to have the baby adopted so she could forget her previous life.  Something she would never be able to do if she had the child there all of the time to remind her.  

Darren agreed to see if he could find a lawyer that was an alumnus of the fraternity to help with the adoption.  After contacting about a dozen of the lawyer alumni he found one that was currently working with a couple that was looking to adopt.  He explained about Karen wanting to give up a baby for adoption and he agreed immediately to make arrangements.  Karen decided that she didnt want to know who the couple was that adopted the baby so she wouldnt be tempted after the fact to try and find her.  They all agreed that the adoption would remain anonymous. 
 
At the end of the spring semester, Darren and Jack took a hiking trip in the mountains.  When they returned they took Karen to meet his parents for the first time with the made up story that they just happened to find her while on their hike.  They all stuck to the story they had made up indicating that she had no idea where her captor had kept her because she had wandered for so long in the wilderness.  Of course Darrens parents notified the authorities and a search was made to try and find the villain, but nothing came of the search because she couldnt remember anything about where he was and could only give a general description of him due to him wearing a mask any time he was with her.  All she knew was that it was an old cabin with minimal facilities.  After a few days of searching it was all called off and declared an unsolved mystery.

Karen was able to successfully pass muster as Karen Miller.  The times she was asked something that she should have known as Karen Miller she blamed it on the amnesia and everyone bought it because she knew so many things that no one but Karen Miller would have known.  She lived with Sheri, Darren and his parents for the summer.  They dotted on her as if she were their own long lost daughter.  Karen received more love and attention from Darrens parents during that summer than she did her entire life from her own parents.  For once in her life she felt as if she truly belonged to a family.

It was shortly after Karen returned as Karen Miller that Darren announced his engagement to Sheri.  When his parents protested about her being too young he explained how the two of them had fallen in love because of how they appreciated each others drive to support the other during the aftermath of the accident.  When his parents asked about what Karen thought she immediately responded that after what she had been through that she had no desire at that time to be romantic with anyone.  She also explained how she thought it absolutely appropriate that Darren, her best friend and her sister would fall in love and get married.  

After Karens impassioned support of the engagement, Darrens parents accepted the inevitable. The date was set for the 25th of June after Sheri Graduated from College in six years.  Darren agreed with that as it would give him time to get established and buy a home for them.  Karen of course acted ecstatic when Sheri officially asked her to be her brides maid.  It was all a carefully choreographed show for the sake of Darrens parents to make them believe that it was all spontaneous and hadnt been planned already for several months.  

On the 19th of June she gave birth to a seven pound fourteen ounce baby girl.  The adopting couple was notified when she went into labor.  After a normal and uncomplicated delivery, the baby was born.  Immediately after birth the baby was taken to the adopting couple to allow them to bond with the baby.  Karen did not want to even see the baby because she knew that if she did, she wouldnt want to give it up.  

After delivering the baby, Karen focused on getting back into shape and getting ready for the fall semester.  Karen had been going through the motions of applying to start the fall semester at the university to make it seem realistic for Darrens parents.  Darren had arranged with his contact in admissions to send a copy of the acceptance letter that Karen had received earlier to his parents house with the summers date.  His parents bought the lie that once they learned of Karens history, they gave her special dispensation to admit her late.  His parents rented an apartment near the university for Karen using money that had been put in a trust for the surviving children of Sheris deceased parents.  

Karen convinced Darren that it would be appropriate for her to move there and live until she became an actual sister and that her room should go to the President of the sisters.  Darren reluctantly agreed with her.  

When classes started in August, Karen had enrolled to major in business.  She applied to work at the college science library as part of her work study scholarship.  She reasoned that when things were slow, she would have time to study.  She quickly became acclimated to the set up of the library and was the most sought after assistant to help find research articles for people.  It was about half way through the semester that a married couple working jointly on a doctorate research program started asking them to help them.  It didnt take long for them to come to realize that Karen was indispensable to them.

One night the couple brought a baby in with them.  It had been crying so much all evening that a lot of students were complaining.  The couple was just getting up to leave when Karen came up to tell them about the complaints.  She asked if she could hold the baby for a minute.  When the baby was in her arms, it almost immediately quit crying.  Karen played with the baby for as long as she dared before having to go back to work.  That led to the couple to offer Karen a job and to pay for her to take the courses to become a research coordinator for medical research.  They also offered her free room and board in a basement apartment of their home.  This began Karen Millers association with Tom and Nancy Warren and their daughter Sarah.  It was to be the beginning of a wonderful time in Karens life.  

Karen immediately fell in love with the baby girl and decided that she wanted to be a part of her life.  She readily agreed to the Warrens proposal.  It didnt stop her from becoming a sister to the Omega Psis.  She still participated and passed the pledge week and initiation ceremony during the fall break. It was a cake walk compared to what she had endured before.

The fraternity completed the addition to the fraternity house for the sisters as scheduled.  The basement of the addition was outfitted for every possible type of sex play imaginable to include stuff for BDSM.  That was especially for Jennifer and Brenda who came to love BDSM play.  Most of the sisters stayed in the rooms of the addition as planned.  The couple of sisters that didnt stay at the house had other arrangements that were more conducive for them and their majors or employment.  

Karen became a sister as planned and took four years to complete her double major.  She became president of the sisters after the first year and stayed president until she graduated.  Each of the five senior sisters were required to recruit one new sister each semester.  With Karens guidance and instructions they became very adept at recognizing and recruiting some of the smartest and sexiest girls on campus.  The girls recruited were extremely amazed at the fact that they were recruited because most fraternities and sororities were social and catered to a certain clique of students.  They usually went after the most popular or those of a certain academic major.  Most of the girls were too afraid of rejection to even try to join one.  And to be recruited to be a sister to the most exclusive fraternity on campus was almost overwhelming to them.  The Omega Psi Fraternity had become the hardest and most selective fraternity to join because the admission requirements were so strict and because of the beautiful girls that were always associated with the fraternity.  

Two years after Karen joined the sisters, Sheri was recruited as the first freshman sister.  She majored in Bio Engineering as biology and genetics were her favorite subjects.  She and Karen overlapped for two years in the sisters and they had a lot of fun together.  She also spent a lot of time with Karen at her apartment at the Warrens.  Their love for each other continued to grow and they became almost inseparable in their free time.  

Karen enjoyed her four years in college and graduated Suma Cum Laude.  She didnt even have to job hunt her senior year because she had already been offered the job of Research Directory for Tom and Nancy Warrens fledgling bio research company.   A number of the Omega Psi sisters and brothers also went to work for the Warrens.  They were the smartest and best qualified of their major and when Karen recommended them, Tom and Nancy didnt hesitate to hire them.  Darren and Jack were the first hired from the fraternity and Lorraine and Jennifer were the first sisters.  Tom and Nancy became so happy with their performance that they recruited for new positions from the fraternity and sisters almost exclusively when they wanted college educated employees.  They came to realize that only the best of the best were recruited into the fraternity and sisters and could always rely on getting the best bang for the buck by recruiting them.  The only problem was that they all took off the same week each spring for vacation.  That was so they could attend the sisters pledge week.

Sheri was well liked by the other sisters and when Karen graduated, she was voted president of the sisters.  When Sheri graduated two years later, she was also recruited and hired by Tom and Nancy.  They had come to know and love her from meeting her through Darren.  When Darren and Sheri got married almost all of the Fraternity and many of the alumni came to the wedding.  Tom and Nancy closed their company down and most of the employees attended the wedding as well.  There were close to 800 people in attendance at the wedding.  It went off without a hitch and the lovely couple was married with Karen as the maid of honor.  It was one of the happiest moments of Karens life. 
  
This is end of Chapter 40.

This is the end of Karens Story, Part 1 of Karen and Michelles Sad Story.  Michelles Story will begin in Part 2.

   
Please e-mail comments to 
redlegtiger@hotmail.com 

or visit my blog at My Blog URL:  
http://blog.myspace.com/redlegtiger

Let me know what you think of my story.  I am always looking for ideas and invite suggestions.  If you are reading this on Storiesonline or BDSM and like the story please vote and comment.  

