Note: This story was dynamically reformatted for online reading convenience.

Author: Arthur Kay Title: Duke's Sex Slave (Pt.  2) Teddy Bare!  Part: 2 of
6 Summary: 'Scooter' adds Teddy, an elderly guy, to his fast-growing group
of men while keeping it from The Duke, his sex master.  Keywords: M, MM,
ws, oral, anal

   WARNING: This story is an act of fiction that contains graphic sexual
descriptions and language.  If you are a minor (under 21) or if you are
offended by this kind of material then you should stop reading now.  Any
resemblance between this story and a real event is coincidental.  The
participants are imaginary; their actions have no negative consequences
other than those portrayed in the story.  The story is intended for
entertainment and should not be emulated in the real world.

   Duke's Sex Slave (Pt.  2): Teddy, Bare!

   by Arthur Kay

   I had been servicing The Duke sexually every day for about three or four
weeks when I, by accident, added another guy to my sex calendar.  Teddy N.

   My father was the superintendent of the building we lived in so I picked
up a few bucks here and there by cleaning people's bathrooms.  I charged $2
a pop.  I didn't have too many customers, maybe four at any one time, so it
was easy to squeeze them in with my going to New York City to service The
Duke's gay guys.

   Teddy N.  had moved into the building, so, with my cleaning gear in
hand, I knocked on his apartment door, introduced myself and told him what
I was offering, and the price.  He said sure and told me to come right in.

   Teddy was about 60 with a slim build, bright white hair and dark
horn-rimmed glasses.  He looked somewhat like a college professor.  In real
life, he sold real estate.

   The first time was uneventful.  After some intro conversation, I cleaned
his bathroom.  He paid.  Told me to come back in two weeks to do it again.
I left, $2 richer.  I did catch him staring at me a lot as I worked and his
conversation was sort of sexual, but not quite.  You know, he'd say
jokingly, "My last cleaning person wasn't as cute as you." That sort of
thing.  But I'd had enough experience with gays to know something was
afoot.

   The next time was different, to say the least.  I showed up ready to
work and he said he had to go and mail some letters.  He went out the door
and I went into the bathroom.  It didn't look at all dirty, so I figured
I'd have an easy time of it.

   Then I noticed a magazine lying on the hamper.  The title of the
magazine had been ripped off, but there was no mistaking the full-color
cover picture.  A kid, about my age, was sucking on a man's large-sized
prick.  And from the looks of it, he was quite enjoying himself.

   Naturally, I picked up the magazine and leafed through it.  All the
pictures on the inside were in black and white and all showed men and boys
going at it.  Oral, anal, you name it, they were doing it.  When I flipped
to a certain page, a penny fell out onto the floor.  I picked up the penny
and continued flipping pages.

   What I saw on those pages gave me one helluva hardon and I was tempted
to whack off then and there.  But, since I was going to see Duke in a few
hours, I didn't.

   When I heard Teddy's key turning in the lock, I panicked.  I tossed the
penny back into the magazine, placed it as I had found it, and got to
working.  I found out later that he had placed the penny in there to see if
I had opened the magazine.  Clever.

   Teddy came directly into the bathroom with a "How's it going?" and
before I could say a word, he said, "Oh, I shouldn't have left that
magazine out like that.  You're too young to see stuff like that." He
leafed through the magazine and, I assume, spotted the penny on the wrong
page, and said, "Or are you?  Did you enjoy looking at these pictures?" I
knew I was busted, so I mumbled "Mmm hmm."

   He said, "Did you see this one?" With shaky hands, he spread the pages
before me and I could see a kid sucking on a very large prick while
caressing the guy's balls with his free hand.  What made the picture
somewhat exceptional was the kid had the guy's cock in his mouth right down
to the pubic hair.  He was deep-throating a nine or ten incher.

   I played absolutely dumb.  "No, I . . .  I didn't see that one.  I . . .
I didn't know someone could do that, take it all like that.  Geeze."

   Teddy was on a roll now.  "Look at this one!" He showed me a kid sitting
on a guy's lap, the guy's cock buried up his ass, while the kid sucked off
another guy.  The kid was also being sucked off by a third guy.  It was
lewd to say the least.

   "And this one!" A different kid was sucking two cocks at once.  Cum was
all over his lips and face and he was smiling right at the camera. 
"Geeze!" was all I could say.  I had a hardon that actually hurt,
especially around the cockhead area.

   Teddy then opened the magazine to the middle spread.  It showed,
life-size, three men's cocks and the kid's.  Alongside each cock was a
ruler!  The men ranged from slightly larger than 7" to 9-1/2." The kid
topped out at slightly over 5."

   Teddy said, "I'll bet you $2 your cock doesn't get as long as this kid's
five incher.  Do we have a bet?" Since I topped 6-1/2," I said OK.  Teddy
reached out and pulled my shorts and underwear down to my ankles so fast I
didn't have time to think.  He then stripped off my polo shirt and there I
was, naked and hard, before him.  He told me to step out of the clothes on
the floor and I complied.

   He knelt down in front of me and started stroking my balls.  "Whoa, I
think you're gonna win this bet!" Then, before you could say, "Blow me
down," he had his mouth on my cock.  His mouth was super hot and extremely
wet.  It felt fantastic and I knew it wouldn't take long for me to pop. 
But he stopped almost immediately and stood up.  He pressed both hands to
my shoulders and gently pushed me down to my knees.

   "Your turn!" was all he said as he unzipped his fly.  He undid his belt
and pushed his pants and underwear down and stepped out of them.  His cock
was big!  Like the men in the picture, he had to have had at least 8" of
very wide dick.  It looked absolutely menacing, with a large, spongy,
bulbous head that had a very pronounced ridge.

   "Put your mouth on it!" he commanded.  I grasped the base of his shaft
and leaned forward until my lips touched just the tip.  It was sticky from
his excitement.  As I brushed my lips from side to side over the gooey tip,
he said, "Open your mouth and put it on my cock!  Now!"

   I complied, feeling the swollen head enter my mouth, my tongue touching
the bumpy underside.  When my lips passed over the flanged ridge I could
feel my cock getting harder.  Teddy moaned above me.

   "Oooh, yes, that feels great!  Now . . .  take more of it!" I took a few
more inches until the cockhead was just touching the back of my throat.  I
paused there before coming back up a few inches and then repeating the
whole process.  I wanted to tease him a bit before deep-throating him. 
Besides, I didn't want him to know I could do that trick.  So, I pretended
to gag on one of the downward pushes.  Then I played a game.

   I looked up at him.  "Do you really want me to try to take the whole
thing?" I asked, coyly, and putting the most innocent look I could muster
up on my face.  "Yes!" he said.  "Do it slowly and relax your gag reflex
and you'll see, you'll soon have my whole cock in your mouth." What fun!

   "OK," I said.  "But you're awfully big.  I don't know if I can or not,
but I'll try." My playing innocent and coy was having a profound effect on
Teddy.  His legs were shaking and his breathing was raspy.

   I proceeded to suck him deeper and deeper.  At around 6" I again
pretended to gag.  "Go slow!" he ordered.  I drew in a breath and went down
on him again.  This time I didn't stop until I felt his pubic hair tickle
my nose.  "Yeah!  You got it!  Now, do it again!" I did.  "Do it again!" I
did.  Then I alternated with deep-throats and working the cockhead really
good.  Teddy was a goner.

   "Oh, shit, I can't hold back any more!  Here it comes!  You ready for
it?" I mumbled, "Mmm Hmm" around his shaft.  He had me firmly by the head
now and was mouth fucking me slowly, deliberately, as if trying to make the
losing fight last longer.  Finally, I felt his cockhead expand in size as
he let loose his first burst.  Most men's cockheads don't expand when they
come, so when I run into one that does, it's a real pleasure to my lips,
tongue, and mouth.

   Teddy burst a bucket.  As he spurt his cum into my mouth, his cock
throbbed, twitched, and pulsed like a garden hose lying on the grass.  What
a load!  Spurt after spurt filled my mouth.  I swallowed and he filled me
again.  I swallowed and he did it a third time!  As I swallowed this last
time, I heard him say, "For your first time blowjob you were terrific. 
Absolutely fantastic!  Now, I'm going to return the favor."

   Teddy helped me up and led me into the bedroom.  He propped up some
pillows and told me to lie on the bed and just relax and let him do all the
work.  I just lay there with my cock pointing straight up at the ceiling. I
wanted to fondle my balls but I resisted the temptation.

   He took a tube of something out of the drawer of an end table and
squirted some on his fingers.  He then got between my legs and started
sucking me off.  He sucked on my balls until they were sopping wet and then
he licked my entire cock all around, getting it soaking wet, too.  Then, he
took my cock into his mouth.

   As he slowly sucked me off, he worked his fingers into my asshole. 
"This'll make it feel even better when you squirt." he assured me as he
probed and plied my anus.

   As he sucked me off and deep throated me he had two fingers up my ass,
moving in an out.  My cock was so ready I couldn't contain myself.  He
hadn't sucked me but a few minutes when I felt that overwhelming urge.

   I tried my best to forestall it, but I knew it was useless.  I tightened
up and then, when I couldn't hold out any longer, I let it have its way. 
Man, did I shoot!  It seemed to pour out of me.  Teddy gasped at the first
blast.  "Mmmm." was all he said.  As I unloaded we both started moaning. 
Me going "Ooh!" and Teddy going "Mmmm!" repeatedly.

   Teddy said, "That was some load, young fella!" Then he added, "This has
me excited and ready to go again.  Only this time, a little different."
With that said, he spread my legs and placed them on his shoulders.  I felt
him positioning his cockhead against my anus, seeking entry.  I relaxed
completely and waited.

   "This will only hurt for the first few seconds.  After that it will feel
really good." As if I didn't know!  What fun.  I even faked an "Ow!" as he
entered a bit.  All he said in deference to my small yowl of pain was,
"Relax.  It's going in!  There, it's in now." He was right.  I felt his
cock fully in me.

   I signaled that I wanted to remove my legs from his shoulders so he
pushed them to the sides.  Completely on top of me now, I stopped playing
games.  I wrapped my legs around his waist and ran my fingers up and down
his back.  I said, "It doesn't hurt any more.  Feels good, too." He said,
"Told ya so."

   He then proceeded to fuck me, slowly at first, then wildly, as if I was
a rag doll.  We fucked for over half an hour, as it seemed that Teddy was
having trouble getting a second orgasm so soon after the last one.

   It didn't matter to me.  I just hung on to him and enjoyed it all.  Even
the squeaking of the bed seemed to be erotic.  As he pounded my ass into
the mattress I felt that familiar stirring in my balls.  I knew I was going
to squirt a load.

   As we neared the home stretch, so to speak, Teddy picked up the pace. 
Sweat poured off of him onto me as he worked my ass.  The bed bounced and
squeaked.  Then I shot my load.  All over both our bellies.  This triggered
Teddy and he let out a yell, "Oh, fuck, here I come!  Take me, baby, take
me!  Ohhhhh, shit, oh God!"

   I felt the heat of his ejaculate splashing my inner ass as he collapsed
on top of me.  His sweaty cheek pressed against my neck and I could hear
his heavy breathing.  He groped with his head to find my lips and, when he
did, I felt his sweaty lips kissing mine.  We played tongue tag for a bit
and then he said, quite breathlessly, "You are going to clean my bathroom
once a week from here on!  Ha ha!  Any more than that would kill me!"

   I laughed and said, "Roto Rooter man!" He laughed and told me that that
reminded him.  At some time in the future he wanted me to fuck him, too.  I
said OK.

   As he peeled himself off of me, he noticed my sperm on the both of us.
"I thought I felt you spurt!  That's great, and a new one on me.  I like
it." He then lowered his head and licked my sperm off of my stomach.  He
then scooted up over me and put his belly in front of my face.  "Lick it
off, too, baby.  All of it!" I licked it away, tasting the saltiness of his
sweaty belly.

   Thus, began my young sexual adventures with Teddy N.  I saw him just
about every week, with a here and there twice, for about five years.  And,
amazingly, I never did clean his bathroom--ever again!

   One of our favorites was to 69 and try to time our orgasms so we came in
each other's mouths at the same time.  We succeeded about 90% of the time,
which was truly amazing.  I love it when I can cum in someone's mouth and
have them cum in my mouth simultaneously.  It's fabulous.  Giving and
getting at its best.

   And, in all that time, The Duke and Teddy never found out about each
other.  Hee hee.  My little secret!

   End.  Duke's Sex Slave (Pt.  2): Teddy, Bare!

   
