CAPTURED IN PLEASANT TOWN

BY BEYDEN

Pleasant Town. A small town where very little out of the ordinary
happened. At least on the outside. People traveled through
Pleasant Town often, but rarely stopped, never disturbed the
almost artistic beauty of the little town, it's almost post card
serenity. So few actually realized what went on here Because
Pleasant Town was the veritable home of bondage, tickling, and
fetish videos about kids made in that region of the country. And
they were among the best known from coast to coast. Several
companies, working through agents and trade houses were even able
to export the videos. From around the world, they employed
models, girls and boys, from ages 6 to 16 and various different
nationalities to act in videos with tickle torture, bondage of
various types, spanking, and fetishes involving sexual and
physical torture. They were all well taken care of and pain and
all had only one rule.

They had to do whatever they were told.

Brian, Alex, and Ricky were in the Laugh Time studios finishing a
three way tickle torture video when their ordeal occurred. Brian,
sixteen years old, was sitting in the lounge in the main studio,
still catching his breath. He wasn't ticklish, but his part in
the hour long video was chasing down the ultra ticklish Rickie,
who was a thin feisty twelve year old. He and Alex, who was
fourteen were the tickle tops in the video who caught Ricky, took
him to a secret room and tortured him (but more on that scene
another time). He shook his head, still remembering the kid's
helpless pleas. He'd almost felt sorry for him. Alex was a
different matter, though. Brian had never met a kid with so
little emotion. It was almost frightening how, while tickling
Ricky nearly to unconsciousness (as the director wanted), Alex
just looked on stony faced. It almost made Brian shiver during
filming

He looked up as Alex headed for the door, pulling on his coat. He
was a thin boy with dark brown hair that contrasted with Brian's
own blond hair and Ricky's red hair. His eyes were brown as well
and looked on with a steady gaze. He was only a little shorter
then Brian. "The studio people are all gone now and said we can
leave when we want," Alex said to Brian. "And Ricky still has the
giggles on the bed back there. You can stay with him if you want.
I have to go home."

"Sure," Brian told him. "Whatever." He glanced up as Alex opened
the door. And several girls rushed in.

There were five of them, each around his and Alex's ages. There
were hot, too, Brian thought with a blush and a stir at his
crotch. Especially the small Asian girl. He didn't know there was
another filming session. He stood up from the lounge chair. Alex
looked at him curiously as he got pushed back in. One of the
girls locked the door. Brian walked over to a girl that looked
his age, with long soft dark hair. "The film crew's gone, girls.
Can I help you with anything?" He purposely didn't include Alex,
for he knew the other boy wouldn't really care.

The girls giggled as they looked at each other and Brian got the
eerie feeling something was going on. "Well," said the dark
haired beauty. "We're here. And we have some ideas of our own"
Two of the girls grabbed Alex, while she and another girl grabbed
Brian's arms and pinned him back onto the lounge chair. The Asian
girl watched. "You see, we're going to do some filming
ourselves."

"Yeah," added a girl that held Alex, a beautiful slender blond.
"You see our parents watched some of your videos and they said
that you didn't seem to be acting hard enough. Especially you."
She grinned at Alex. "So we came up with some video ideas of our
own" Alex started to struggle, frowning a little. "Hey, you
can't do this! Let us go!" Brian started struggling but the girls
were all too prepared to have to hold him down. In fact, one
grabbed his cock through his jeans. He whimpered as his cock
hardened almost instantly from the arousal of the beautiful girls
holding him.

"Sure we can," the dark haired beauty said with a dangerous grin.
"Like I said, we're filming for our folks so you HAVE to do what
we say. Besides, if you don't, I'm sure we can find some way to
embarrass youLike sending your videos out to your girl friend's
house."

Brian's eyes widened. "Yyou wouldn't!" Brian blushed. Even his
parents didn't know what he was doing! "Please don't!"

"Well that depends. Do we have a deal?" She looked at Alex. "Or
do we tell your parents how you really earn your cash?" Alex
looked at her steadily, but the twitch at the corner of his mouth
showed that she'd won.

"What do you want us to do?" Brian asked after a moment. He had
always been afraid of this.

"Well we have our own scenes planned for our video. First, both
of you strip." She nodded and the girls released them both and
stood to watch. Embarrassed, Brian took off his shoes and socks
then his shirt. Feeling the girls' eyes on him, he slid out of
his pants and his boxers. He was blushing a little. He looked
over at Alex in time to watch as the other boy's briefs came off.
Both of them stood before the group of girls naked now and Brian
realized how hard his cock was. And how beautiful the Asian girl
was. And that look didn't go unnoticed. The black haired
tormentor pulled out a couple pairs of handcuffs. "Now put your
hands behind your backs." She gave a pair to the Asian girl and a
pair to the blond near Alex. As the boys obeyed, they were
cuffed. She started back towards to studio rooms. "Now I'll go
and make sure everything is where we needed it and then we can"

She stopped as Ricky came out of the back and nearly ran into
her. "Guys that was way too much tickling." There was still a
helpless grin on his face and he was carrying his shirt, sneakers
and socks in his hands. He didn't see the girls at first, but he
stopped short when he saw his fellow actors cuffed and naked. He
looked around, surprised.

The girls were on him before he could make a sound

***

Ricky jumped and squealed in surprise. "What's going on?" His
voice squeaked as he looked at his naked friends with wide eyes.
The girls were holding him tight but it wasn't like the small
twelve year old could get away anyhow. He then squealed and
giggled when one of the girls poked him in the stomach. "He's
going to be fun," the blond said as she stroked across his soft
skin. Ricky nearly jumped away but was held too tight to escape.

"But he isn't part of the agreement," the black haired girl said.
"But I guess we can find something to keep him busy." She grinned
evilly as she stepped back towards to studio to check the gear.

The three boys looked nervous now. Brian fidgeted; struggling
with the handcuffs and Ricky glanced at the girls wide-eyed. Even
the stoic Alex seemed perturbed by the situation. Aside from his
hands testing the tightness of the cuffs, however, there was no
real reaction. The girl came back in a few minutes later, smiling
evilly as she caught the attention of her accomplices, several of
whom were tickling Ricky's sides and ribs. "Okay, let's take them
in the back. And remember, you guys have to do what we want."

Ricky stood up from where he had crumpled into a ball on the
floor. "What? I don't!" He laughed helplessly as a girl poked him
again.

"Maybe not," she said. "But you're still caught so we might as
well make another video." She led the way to the back studio
rooms. At the first, she stopped and motioned for the Asian girl
to take Brian inside. Quietly, she parted the curtain, revealing
a camera setup pointed at a padded black chair with cuffs at the
legs, arms and back. Brian swallowed. The Asian girl took him to
the chair and he sat down slowly. No sooner had he done so that
she started strapping his wrists and ankles securely. She even
looped a smaller strap around his chest to really keep him from
moving. She then started to strip and Brian's eyes widened. She
had on a t-shirt and shorts and sandals on her bare feet. All of
that came off, as well as her cotton bra and black panties. He
swallowed as his cock stiffened and she winked playfully. She
walked back over to the camera, which was positioned slightly to
the side, then kneeled down in front to Brian. She kissed the tip
of his cock and Brian struggled with pleasure as his cock started
to ache. She licked his cock sending him into higher levels of
pleasure, and then stopped. She started to tie a length of string
around the base of his cock and balls.

"Whwhat's that for?" Brian asked, still writhing. The girl
smiled. Softly, she said, "The camera is rolling now and I am
going to suck your cock for an hour." She winked as she took the
head of the boy's aching cock in her mouth and began sucking.
Brian stiffened, his toes curling. She looked at him, and then
took her mouth away again, leaving Brian whimpering. "But I can't
let you cum until then." With another teasing wink, she started
suck again, but faster. Brian bucked and screamed.

Alex found himself dragged into another room nearby. In this room
was another camera setup, as was common in the dozen rooms in the
building. Rooms of various sizes and with various kinds of
equipment to suit any possible video request. In fact when he
looked into this room, he was surprised. Along with the camera,
there was a raised padded chair with straps. But there was a
small hole in the seat of it. Alex knew what that kind of chair
was for and felt that he'd been brought into the room by mistake.
That hole was used to slide up a dildo into a girl.

"What a minute. What are you going to do?" Despite the blond girl
pulling him to the chair he struggled. She grabbed his balls hard
and he stopped, not letting himself wince or cry out. He just
looked at her, moving towards the chair she pulled him towards.
She sat him down and strapped his wrists and ankles to the chair,
as well as several straps across his legs and chest to keep him
from bucking much at all.

The girl switched the camera to standby, and then went over to
the boxes of toys and equipment. She selected what looked like a
very powerful vibrator. Alex's only reaction was to swallow as he
looked at it. Grinning, she took out a bottle of lotion and
lubricated it. The helpless boy wriggled a bit in the cuffs. She
walked back over to him and kneeled down, slipping the vibrator
through the hole in the chair. Alex grit his teeth and clenched
his toes as he felt the cool shaft slide up his ass. He tried not
to move, not to give her the benefit of a reaction. But he could
help how hard his cock was getting. She stood and looked at him,
grinning almost like a cartoon villain. "Now I'm going to start
the camera and all you have to do is sit there for an hour. It'll
just record your reactions. Then we'll see just how much of a
stony face you really are!" Giggling, she went to the camera and
switched it on. As well as the vibrator. Only a soft groan came
from Alex as he stared at his tormentor. But his cock was so hard
now

But Ricky was really getting the torture of his young life. The
girls really had no idea that there was a third boy so they had
nothing planned. Except that a tickle torture table had already
been set up So he found himself strapped to the padded leather
table again, arms stretched back, bare feet helpless and
immobile. He was sobbing even before the girls started. He'd just
been viciously tortured by Alex and Brian. Now what? He watched
as the girls gathered feathers, brushes and even a bottle of baby
oil. "No! Please don't do this to me!" The twelve year old
pleaded. "I can't stand anymore!"

The black haired girl smirked. "Then I guess it sucks to be you!"
She stood near his hairless armpits and vulnerable ribs while the
other two girls each stood near a small soft foot. She nodded and
they started tickling. Laughter exploded from the still sensitive
boy, screaming helpless laughter echoed only by the sadistic
giggles of his tormentors. For the next hour, the three boys
found themselves in their own special corners of hell

In the first fifteen minutes, Brian was pulling and bucking in
the straps trying to enjoy the blowjob even as his cock ached for
release. Alex kept staring defiantly at the blond that filmed his
predicament, his hard cock the only indication that he was in
trouble. And Ricky shrieked and howled as the girls' fingernails
traced lightly over his soft skin, driving him to levels of
hysteria he'd only had nightmares about.

The next fifteen minutes, were of course worse. Brian was in
tears now, his cock head a bright purple in color. The Asian girl
continued the slow tortuous sucking with sadistic skill and the
boy was growing almost light headed with frustration. Alex's toes
well curled and he was bucking against the straps. He'd already
cum twice by now as the vibrator was hitting his pleasure spot
and driving him mad. His body shuddered and his lips were parted
as he tried to catch his breath. Ricky was giggling helplessly as
the girls tried a new tactic. The girls at his feet were sucking
on his toes and licking his feet while the dark haired girl was
running her tongue along his ribs and inside his belly button. It
was a new tickling and he had no defense against it. He bounced
on the table, begging for mercy.

Now forty-five minutes into the video, Brian was howling and
writhing. Tears streamed down his cheeks as he whimpered and
pleaded. Her eyes closed, she simply continued sucking and
licking his rock solid cock. Alex was moaning and gasping hard
now. His toes were clenched as two more orgasms shook his body.
Even though the last was a dry one, the pleasure of the sensation
was tearing at his resolve and he knew he was doomed. Now his
eyes pleaded with the girl as he balled his hands into fists.
Ricky, on the other hand had another change in treatment. The
girls each took the baby oil and they coated his torso and feet
with it. Hysterical, the boy didn't realize what affect the
softening oil would have on him. Until they touched him again.
Screaming, He went into a level of helpless breathless giggles he
couldn't escape from.

Finally, near the end of the hour, each of the boys had been
completely broken by their torments. Brian had nearly fainted
from the pain in his cock and balls, before the girl reached up
and removed the string. With a scream of raw lust and need, the
boy came hard as se sucked and stroked his aching cock, then
collapsed after covering his lap and her face with his creamy boy
cum. Alex was more of a wreck, now bouncing in the chair and
whimpering, pleading for mercy as he came again, his helpless
cock desperately throbbing. And poor Ricky was tickled into
unconsciousness, this time, losing his breath while the girls
found his most tender spots.

The videos done, the girls left the studio rooms, and left the
boys lying quivering moaning and whimpering in the corner. Naked
and helpless for the next person to walk into the door.


