THE ATONEMENTS OF JOANIE: JOANIE'S SIXTEENTH BIRTHDAY

BY PENT

Part 10

When I got back from my visit to Dr. Cooper I told Uncle Penty
what he'd said of course, and he noted the dates of my
appointments in his own calendar, too so he could remind me and
make sure I didn't miss any of the injections.

My periods did get irregular but I did not notice any other
effects from those injections -I wouldn't even have known the
shots were doing anything for me!

The next term at school began with rehearsals for a play that had
Lydia and me in it: Romeo and Juliet. We both had just minor
parts but the boring rehearsals were every Saturday as well as
during some weeknight evenings - for four whole weeks . . . We
had to sit and watch these dreary rehearsals when we were not
on-stage ourselves -"to really learn the play"!!

Saturday was the only day that boarders were allowed out to visit
- if their Dorm Mother signed a permission slip - and I was
itching to have Lydia come to our house so she could tell me more
about "a lot of exciting things we can do together".

We finally got to act the play after all those weeks of
rehearsals - and it was awful! Juliet was played by a
thirteen-year-old, who had no idea what it was all about, but
Uncle Penty told me that Shakespeare had meant her to be only
thirteen. Maybe they had different customs back then and Italian
girls matured earlier!

But whoever heard of Romeo being played by a girl?!

The very next Saturday Lydia at last got permission to come and
visit me.

She came after the school lunch. Uncle Penty had gone out in the
morning and said he wouldn't be back until after dinner: we two
were to eat without him - and "Please give my regards to Lydia!"

Really, I don't think he wanted to have dinner with Lydia so soon
after that awful bare-bottom spanking that Miss Potter had him
give her, in the summer term, last year . . .

Anyhow, Lydia came at two o'clock, and I took her straight up to
show her my room . . .

She had said rather mysteriously in school on Friday:

"I like to eat raw carrots, you know! Can you get some from
Blossom before I come on Saturday and have them up in your room
ready for me to nibble on?"

"Nice long ones thick and thin -they taste different you know! A
mix of all sizes . . ."

Blossom had said:

"You sure do have funny friends Miss Joan! Peeled carrots -All
long, but some thick and some thin you say!"

"All right! that's easy . . . I'll peel a pound of carrots for
your friend Miss Lydia and you come and fetch them to your room
Saturday morning!"

I had never seen Lydia eat a raw carrot! but I had them all ready
for her in my room -shiny and moist . . .

We had both been warned at the start of the term by Miss. Potter
that even after more than a year we were still on probation
because of "That disgusting episode at the swimming pool!!" And
we were not to be seen so much as holding hands -

"NO public display of affection ! ! !"

Or we would both be expelled on the spot . . .

The result was Lydia and I had hardly even touched each other in
all that time since that evening at the school swim pool . . .

It had been so hard all through those months of school and I felt
like a walking time-bomb ready to explode at the slightest touch
of Lydia's hand . . .

As soon as we were in my room I turned and locked the door - I
had even used oil so it hardly made a sound -and we kissed . . .

My hands wandered joyfully all over Lydia's lovely body -stroking
and pressing and cuddling -And Lydia responded eagerly . . .

But as soon as my lips left hers Lydia asked:

"Where's that old book you talked about? The one your uncle Penty
gave you about nuns' penances? Let's look at it . . ."

"Lie on the bed with me and I'll show you . . . Here it is -It's
got pictures just like I said!"

And we lay on our tummies with our hands caressing each other as
we turned the pages together . . .

" I can translate most of the Latin now but you don't really need
it! Look, the monk is spanking this nun's bottom with his hand as
she lies on the table tied to it . . ."

"Let's look through it . . . Ooooh! The monk does just about
everything you could think of with the nun! He spanks her with
his hand then a paddle then a leather belt then beats her with a
bunch of willow switches!"

"Some of the time she is held by other nuns -"

"Other times she is tied so she can't move . . ."

"Joanie, you've got a grey cape with a hood -the one you come to
school in when it when it's cold . . ."

"It's my turn to spank you -give me the cape and cowl to put on
so I look like a monk! . . . . ."

"That's right -and I'll pull the cowl up: just like a monk! and
close the curtains of the punishment room!"

"Now lie on the bed, Joanie . . . . on your tummy . . . and I
pull off . . . . your panties . . . ."

"And I lift your skirt . . . . ready to give you a penance . . .
for all the things you have done wrong . . ."

"You are a naughty nun!"

"You were caught asleep in the services in chapel four times this
week!"

"You were late for kitchen duty almost every day!"

"You were insolent to Mother Superior!"

"You were found wearing dirty linen twice!"

"You should feel thoroughly ashamed of yourself!"

"Are you ready for your penance, nun ? ? ?"

"Yes, Father ! For I have been very naughty ! ! Please make my
penance a hard one ! ! ! Don't stop even if I cry . . . ."

And Lydia started to spank my bare bottom.

"Ooooh! Harder, Father ! !"

"Ooooh! I'm terrible, Father ! I am sooooo sorry for what I have
done ! Please punish me well for it !"

And Lydia went at it, spanking my bottom as hard as she could go
-

She went on and on for ages slapping my bare bottom . . .

and covered every part, so by the end I could see my bottom was
scarlet all over and was stinging dreadfully . . .

"Your penance is completed, nun! Now turn over onto your back so
your bottom hurts you -and for me to show that you are forgiven
and that you are truly loved . . ."

Oh!! It hurt me terribly to have my scarlet sore bottom pressing
down on the blanket . . .

But once I was turned over onto my back Lydia began to fondle my
pussy with one hand and my little boobies with the other -

One of her fingers started to feel its way into my pussy opening
-and it seemed to slide in quite easily and it felt wonderful . .
.

Then Lydia stopped and separated my legs - wide . . .

She picked up a long carrot about as thick as my middle finger
and put it in her mouth and sucked it a bit . . .

Then she put the thick end of the carrot on my pussy and started
to gently push on my pussy opening as she smiled at me and looked
deep into my eyes . . .

And the carrot slid up - up - up into my quim . . . and it was
lovely . . wonderful . . gorgeous . . .

I had never felt anything so heavenly before -and I moaned in
delight -

Lydia moved the carrot out and in again -out and in again -out
and in again . . .

I don't know how often -but I was soon lost to the world on cloud
nine shuddering and I peaked out -squirming and wriggling and
sighing and moaning in my heavenly delight . . .

It was just soooooo wonderful -I didn't know before that anything
could be so wonderful . . .

As I lay half-conscious on the bed I vaguely knew that Lydia was
doing to herself what she'd just done to me . . .

She was lying beside me on the bed with her hand sliding a carrot
in and out in and out in and out -faster and faster . . . until
she gasped and shook and jerked then lay still . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . .

A bit later when we had both come back to life again we cuddled
tight and tenderly kissed . . . .

"Lydia - that was so wonderful ! ! You are nice to show me what a
carrot can do !"

"What shall we do with the ones we used?"

"Give me the one that was in your pussy, Joanie -" and she put it
in her mouth and began to eat it . . .

"I want to eat the one that is in you, Lydia -"

I pulled it slowly out of her and munched the warm sweet-tasting
carrot that had been up inside Lydia's cunnie . . .

Ooooooh! What a day that was! My life had taken on a whole new
dimension . . . I was soooo excited.

I just hugged Lydia awful tight and kept saying:

"Thank you dear sweet Lydia ! Thank you ! ! Thank you ! ! ! Thank
you ! ! ! !"

"I can never thank you enough for what you've shown me today ! !
! ! !"

"I do love you so !"

"Now, better get straightened up -Blossom will soon have our
dinner ready downstairs . . ."

"I told you we could do a lot of exciting things together now
we've both lost our maidenheads!"

"And they are wonderful things aren't they?!"

"Let's both have a shower -but no drying me this time!"

"Ooooh! Your bottom *is* red ! I really did give you a penance
this time -Pays you back for the spanking your Uncle Pent gave me
!"

We were both so happy -We chattered our way down to the dining
room and right through dinner.

As Blossom took the dishes away she said:

"I hope you liked the carrots, Miss Lydia?"

And Lydia, bold as brass:

"Yes, thank you Blossom They were delicious ! In fact I'll take
the ones we didn't eat back to school with me ! Thanks again !

As soon as Blossom had shut the door:

"Lydia, how could you ? !" and I burst out giggling . . .

I put my coat on to walk Lydia back to her dorm but just as we
were leaving Uncle Penty opened the front door . . .

"Hello, Lydia! Just leaving? Sorry to have missed dinner with you
-I was so looking forward to meeting you again . . ."

Lydia blushed scarlet:

"Another time I hope Lydia!" and she ran out of the house in
embarrassment and down the front steps . . .

I followed and walked with Lydia back to her dorm and said
good-bye to her just as the Minster clock struck seven . . . But
we didn't dare even kiss as we said good-night with so much light
from the street-lamps . . .

I was floating on air all the way back home -What a wonderful
world Lydia had opened up to me today!

And I had kept some of the carrots instead of giving them all to
Lydia to take back to school -And Blossom had plenty more where
they had come from . . .

When I got back to the house Uncle Penty met me in the hallway;

"Hope you had fun with Lydia?! Blossom tells me she likes raw
carrots - peeled! Has she taught you to like them too? They are
really very good for you -help you to see in the dark, they say .
. ."

"Yes Uncle Penty I think Lydia has converted me !"

And I'm sure he knew exactly what it was that Lydia had converted
me to ! Next week at school brought the worst news:

Miss Potter had looked through the permission slips for the week
and saw that Lydia had visited me at home.

She had called Lydia into her study;

"Lydia, I see you visited Joan on Saturday! After what happened
last year I don't think that is at all a good idea -I have
instructed your Dorm Mother to sign no more permission slips for
you to visit Joan . . ."

"And don't try to argue with me!"

"You know very well that if I had to tell anyone the reason for
this, I would have to expel you both immediately!!"

"That is all !"

When Lydia told me I was horrified . . .

I told Uncle Penty but he just said:

"You have lots of other friends, Joanie who you can invite here
any time . . ."

"No one can stop Miss Potter from having a nasty suspicious
mind!"

But I wasn't sure if Uncle Penty had guessed what Lydia and I had
done together when she visited and was just joking to me about
Miss Potter's 'Nasty suspicious mind'!

Either way he clearly thought he couldn't help . . . and I told
Lydia.

I was back to those agonizing look-but-can't-touch days again
-just aching to melt into an embrace with Lydia . . .

Then about the end of November I had a brilliant idea: Why
doesn't Lydia spend the whole Christmas break with me instead of
going up to her Aunt in Ontario?!

I told Lydia and she thought it was a marvelous idea! She would
write and ask her Aunt for permission and she gave me her Aunt's
address so Uncle Pent could write too and ask for her to stay -

It would solve everything to have Lydia to myself all through
Christmas and for my sixteenth birthday as well . . .

Penances for Nuns every day ! ! ! !

Over dinner that night I did my best to control my excitement as
I asked Uncle Penty would he please write to Lydia's Aunt -to get
permission for her to stay with us for the whole Christmas
vacation, specially as it was my sixteenth birthday then . . .

Uncle Penty said he liked the idea - maybe he thought he just
might *have to* spank Lydia again -and he wrote that very evening
to Lydia's Aunt . . .

I was so excited waiting for Lydia's Aunt to say "Yes"! It was
difficult to get any work done with the anticipation.

No answer for a week! Lydia said the mail took for ever in Canada
. .

No answer the next week either . . . But at the end of the third
week -a letter came addressed to Uncle Penty from Ontario . . .

He was late home that evening - he would have to be! and didn't
get in until ten o'clock. I'd stayed up past my bed time -to know
the answer from Lydia's Aunt . . .

When he came in from dinner with a friend the first thing Uncle
Penty did was go to the John -Then he came into the study with me
and poured himself a Scotch while I held the letter and the
letter knife ready for him to open it . . .

The whole vacation sharing a bed with Lydia . . . I was almost
bursting as I waited while Uncle Penty calmly slit open the
letter and read it -

"Joanie, love!" and I knew from his tone what the answer was . .
. . . . .

"Lydia's Aunt says all of her Canadian family are looking forward
to seeing Lydia at Christmas."

"She thanks us very much for our kind invitation but points out
that we have the whole school term to see Lydia while Lydia's
family and friends in Ontario only have the few days of the
vacation which always seem to pass too quickly anyhow! And she
thanks us again."

"Oooooooooooooooh! Uncle Penty ! ! ! ! That's beastly!"

I couldn't stop myself crying as I ran up to bed and banged my
door . . .

The rest of the term was Hell and I just did more and more
studying to try and forget about Lydia -

And I think she was becoming close with a girl in her dorm . . .

Blossom kept me supplied with raw carrots - peeled and moist.
When I asked her for more she always inquired:

"Do you like the sizes like I've been doing them, Miss Joan?
Long, but some thin and some fatter? Just tell me if you want
them different!"

I sometimes wondered if she'd guessed what I was using the moist
smooth carrots for . . . and was kindly concerned if they were
doing their job well . . .

And I was getting to enjoy them more and more as I looked at the
book of "Penances for a Nun" each night after finishing my
homework.

But I just ached to be able to wrap Lydia in my arms again and
hold her . . .

