Master's Little Pet: Bea Gets Collared by Chris Hailey, Copyright 2017

Story codes: Mg11, oral

Summary: The second part of Bea's story; an eleven-year-old girl hooks up in real life with her online Master, and this time he has a present for her.

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

===============

Author's note: For the first part of this story, see FirstFellatio_MastersLittlePet_Mg11-oral.txt.



"I have a little present for you," Bea's Master wrote, when they were chatting. 

"A present!!!???" she answered. 

"Yes. I'll give it to you when we hook up next time."

Of course Bea was very excited to get a present from him. But she was still a little scared. She trusted him a bit more now, after their first real life hook up, but she'd been thinking a lot in the last few days and especially now that they had plans to meet at the library again. She was sure that he wanted to go further with her this time. 

It's not like she didn't want to have sex. Even though the thought of it freaked her out a little bit, that's not what made her feel scared. That's not even really what she'd been thinking about for the last few days. She'd been thinking about how he would rape her. 

He didn't really seem like a rapist the first time they hooked up. But she didn't know him at all, really, she didn't even know his real name, and she knew that when he got her alone in the woods, he could do anything he wanted to her. He seemed like an okay guy, but some of the stuff he said online freaked her out a bit, about how he liked to make girls do things. He liked to make her do things, too, even if she told him she didn't want to, like take dirty pictures and send them to him. And he told her about how he tied girls up sometimes, and shared them with his friends. That really freaked her out. 

But she liked chatting with him online and she really liked the first time they hooked up, so she hoped that he would be nice this time, too, and the fact that he got her a present helped a lot to make her feel better about it. 





When they got to the parking lot again, he handed her a little box wrapped in pretty pink paper with a little white ribbon. She was very excited as she tore it open, and inside the box was a beautiful little collar! It was so pretty, black leather with purple stitching. There was a little silver bell on the front, and a tag with some words etched on it hanging next to the bell. She read the tag out loud, "Master's naughty little pet." That made her smile really big, and she felt very happy that he gave her such a nice and pretty present. He took it from her and said he wanted to put it on her and she turned her back to him and lifted he hair away from her neck and he wrapped it around her neck and fastened it tight. Very tight. Luckily the leather was soft, because it was so tight it might have hurt a little otherwise. 

"Perfect!" he said, when she turned back and beamed at him. "My little pet!"

She felt lots better now. 

This time, when he led her to the woods again, he put his hand on the back her neck. That was a little scary. It's not like he was choking her or anything, but he did have a nice strong grip and his hand was so big that his fingers wrapped almost all the way around. Sometimes he would move his hand a little, to make the bell on her collar jingle, and that made her giggle and made him laugh. 

Once they were hidden among the trees, away from the parking lot, she felt his hand slide back on her neck, and then she felt him hook a finger inside the collar. The collar was already so tight that just having his finger there made it a little hard for her to breathe, and when he pulled back a little, it felt like he was trying to chock her with it. This made her heart leap up into the air and she felt scared again, all alone with him out there in the woods.

He pulled back hard with his finger in her collar, which made her catch her breath and caused her heart to pirouette again, and it forced her to lean back against his chest as he stood behind her. He held her like that, tight against him, and wrapped his other arm around her chest. Her heart pounded so hard that it almost hurt, as his fingers squeezed one of her little budding breasts. 

Then his hand slid down from her breast, over her skinny belly, down to her skirt. His fingers cupped over her pussy through the fabric of the skirt. 

"Look up at me, pet," he said, pulling even harder on the collar and taking her breath away. She looked back, up, at him, and he kissed her, right on the lips, pushing his tongue into her mouth. It was the first time she'd ever had another person's tongue in her mouth, and she loved it! It was a little weird, wet with his spit and all, but she loved the way he just pushed it in, like he wanted to taste her, and she loved how she could taste him, too. She loved the way he tasted! Her whole body quaked as she tasted his tongue in her mouth and felt his fingers start to stroke her pussy through her skirt.

After a little while, he lifted his lips away from hers. "Your body belongs to me, little pet," he said. She could feel his warm breath, and it tickled her nose and she could smell him on his breath, a smell she recognized. Strong and musky and masculine. Almost involuntarily, she nodded in agreement with him. Her body does belong to him. 

"I can touch you whenever I want." 

She nodded again, her heart racing. 

He squeezed her pussy through her skirt. "Whose pussy is this?" he asked her. 

"Y... yours..." she croaked, her voice breaking with excited nervousness. 

He pulled back hard on her collar, causing her breath to catch again. "Call me Master when you answer me," he said with abrupt gruffness in his voice. "Say it all, tell me who this pussy belongs to."

"Y... M..." she stammered, choking on her collar and filling with fear again at how aggressive he was being. "My pussy..." she eked out, "...belongs to you, Master," looking up at him with big wide fearful eyes. 

He relaxed his hold on the collar. "That's my good little pet," he said. He kissed her again. "That's my naughty little pet. Now get on your knees again, it's time to give Master another blowjob."

She turned and fell down to her knees in front of him. This time, he didn't unzip his pants. He just stood there in front of her. She looked up at him with imploring eyes. 

"Take my pants down, little pet," he commanded. She nodded up at him and began fumbling with the button of his pants, then the zipper. When she finally got them undone, she gripped the waist of his pants and pulled them down. A huge bulge was rising from inside his boxer shorts, right in front of her face. Before she had a chance to pull his underwear down, he hooked a finger in the front of her collar and pulled her into him, the bulge pressing against her cheek. It felt so hard! So big! He rubbed it all over her face.

"Your face is my sex toy," he said.

She looked up at him, eyes wide, heart racing, and nodded.

"Tell me," he demanded, pulling on the collar again with his finger. 

"My face is your sex toy, Master," she said, even though she didn't really know what he meant.

He stepped back a bit. "Pull my underwear down now, naughty pet," he said.

She nodded up at him and reached out with both hands to grab the waistband of his boxers, and pulled them down, and his huge cock sprang free, right in front of her face. She reached out for it with one hand, and opened her mouth wide. 

"Not yet, greedy little girl," her Master said. "You don't get to suck him yet." She felt so embarrassed that he called her greedy! Maybe she was? Maybe she really did feel greedy about wanting to suck his cock again? 

He reached down and lifted his shaft to his belly. "Kiss my balls," he commanded.

She leaned in, his huge red ballsack right in her face, and gave it a little kiss.

"Do you like your Master's balls, little pet?"

She looked up at him from below his big sack, and nodded. 

"Lick them. Give each of your Master's balls​ a nice big lick."

She stuck out her tongue and licked. His balls tasted sweaty and musty, like she remembered his cock tasting from before. She didn't mind the taste. She kind of liked it. 

He reached down to the pocket of his pants, which were down around his thighs, and pulled out his cell phone. He held it up. "Look up at the camera and lick them again," he ordered her.

She was scared. She didn't want pictures of her like this on the internet. She didn't want other people to see her licking his balls. She was totally embarrassed just to have him looking at her in real life while she licked his balls! She couldn't imagine how embarrassing it would be to have other people looking at her, too! But even though she was scared of this, she was even more scared of what he would do if she said no. 

So she just did what he told her to do. She looked up at the camera and licked his balls again while he took pictures of her. 

Then he held the phone up and looked at the screen. "You look so slutty!" he said. He held the phone down so she could see. "See how slutty you look?" She looked at the picture, and felt terribly embarrassed. She knew everyone in the world would see how slutty she was now. "Only slutty little girls lick a man's balls," he said. She agreed. She nodded. She really was a slutty little girl. 

"Lick the rest of my cock now, little slut," he told her. "Lick it all over." 

He took lots and lots of pictures of her licking his cock. 

"Now, greedy little slut," he said, "it's time to make Master cum with your mouth."

His pet opened her mouth wide and took his head inside her, then lifted a hand and wrapped her little fingers around his cock and started stroking him. 

"Play with Master's balls, too, pet." 

She lifted her other hand and cupped her fingers around his sack. 

He didn't help her this time. He just stood there above her and let her do all the work, taking pictures and videos of his little pet sucking his cock. It wasn't easy for her. Her jaw got tired, from being so wide open for so long, and he kept demanding that she look at the camera while he filmed her. 

"Keep going, little slut," he would say, whenever she took a break, reaching down and putting his finger in her collar and pulling her into him. "You need to make your Master cum."

It took so long for the poor little thing, and it was so hard for her, but eventually she heard him breathing hard, and he started to say nice things to her about how she was a good girl, a good slut, a good little cock sucker. 

And, finally, he came. She felt his cock pulse, and then shoot his cum out, and her mouth was full of his semen even after just the first shot. But he just kept on cumming. 

She was glad. Even though she didn't really like having the nasty stuff in her mouth, she was glad that she was able to make him cum and she felt a little proud that she could do it. And she was really glad that it was finally over.

"Don't swallow it yet, pet," he told her when he pulled his cock out of her mouth. "Open your mouth and look up at the camera."

And she did. She sat there with her mouth open, looking up at the camera, and let him take pictures of her. 

Then he told her to swallow, and she did. She shut her eyes tight and closed her mouth and swallowed.





"Keep your collar on," he told her, when he dropped her off at the library again. "Wear it while you walk home, and put it on every day and think of me."

She reached her hand up to her neck and felt her new beautiful collar, smiling and nodding.

"But keep it hidden from your parents," he said.

"Yeah... Yes, Master," she said. "I will."

"My good little pet," he said, reaching out and mussing her hair, then giving her a kiss.

She held the little tag on her collar up. "Master's naughty little pet," she said with a great big smile.


Author's note: For the third part of Bea's story, see MastersLittlePet_BeaGetsRiddenHard_Mg11-first-rape.txt.




[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com  Thanks!]
