The phone rang two days after Mrs. Hammond (Virginia) had visited
with me, and once again Fran was on the line.   Hi, she said.  I
just got a call from Mrs. Hammond and she asked me to give her
your phone number.  I didnt know what to do, so Im calling to
ask, she said.

Fran, I said, tell her that you can only give her my phone number
after she keeps her promise to me about you.  Now what is that
suppose to mean, she asked.  Just do it, I said, and if she
agrees and keeps her promise, then give her my number.  Can I at
least know the promise, she asked.  Sure, I said, as my way of
saying thank you for the introduction, you should get ready for a
wonderful tongue-lashing.  Youre kidding!   Mrs. Hammond?   What
on earth did you do to her?  She well, so . I cut her off,
doesnt matter, I said.  Just do as I said, and hung up.

Almost a week passed, and then one afternoon when I came home
there my answering machine was flashing.  I pressed play, and
heard, This is Virginia Hammond would you please call me
something during the day?  I laughed to myself, thinking about
Fran and her, then made a mental note to call her the next day.

The following morning about 10 a.m. I dialed the Hammond
residence.  Good morning, I said.  Hi, Im so glad you called,
she said.  Well, Im happy to hear your voice, I said.  Yes, she
said, and I could hear her about blushing, that was certainly a
different way of giving me your phone number.  But you enjoyed
it, none the less, I said.  It was different, she said and
continued, now Ive a name and number for you she said.  Okay,
Im ready, let me have it, I replied.

Ann Hopkins, 555-8376 she said.  Tell me about it, I said.  What
do you mean, she asked.  The circumstances leading up to this, I
said.  Oh, sorry, Ann lives 2 blocks from me and we met at the
local garden club some time ago.  Her husband works for some
international company and is overseas for long periods of time. 
And yes, you are correct, we woman do talk, so once Ann had
mentioned hed been gone for about 4 months and she was horny. 
At that time we all laughed and told her to go to a bar and pick
up a stud.  Her comment was, that she couldnt do that, as she
needed to be totally discreet.

Go on, I said.  This past week when we were all together, you
dont know her, but Beverly asked Ann how her husband was as she
hadnt seen him around at all and that is when I learned that he
had been gone for the past 3 months and wasnt due back for
almost another 3 months.  So I joked and said something like
hows the bar life.  Ann said she was just about ready to try it.
 Later that afternoon I called her at the house and asked if she
was serious with her bar statement.

She confessed that she was seriously thinking about it, but was
frightened to death about just picking up a stranger at a bar and
going to a hotel room.  I said, well take him home, and she said
that was totally out of the question.  I then suggested that I
knew of someone who was well off, had his own home, was totally
discreet and even had a unique device that was to die for.  She
said it sounded like Id been there myself, and I confessed to
her that I had.   We did some more girl talk and she asked me if
Id make the introductions, so thats what Im doing, though I
would have called earlier had I not needed to wait for Fran to
have some time before giving me you number.

Okay, I said, thanks for the number and Ill take it from here. 
I hung up the phone and did a reverse lookup on the phone
directory to discover what I could about Ann Hopkins.  After
learning about the Hopkins family and the Mrs. in particular, I
decided to wait a day or two before making a phone call.

Two days later at 9 a.m. I dialed the Hopkins house.  Hello a
very sweet sounding voice said.  Good morning, Id like to speak
with Ann Hopkins, I said.  This is she, was the reply.  Mrs.
Hopkins, I began, a mutual friend of ours Virginia Hammond
requested that I give you a call.  Silence, total silence.  Im
sorry, she stammered, I wasnt expecting a call, and honestly
thought it was just a joke, she said.  No, no joke I said, but if
youd rather not be distrubed, then I apologize for bothering
you.  No no, please, its just that, well this is so, you know,
unusual for me anyway, Im sorry, please, no you arent bothering
me at all.

So as I was saying, Mrs. Hammond, Virginia asked me to give you
as call.  Yes, she said.  I presume that you have some idea of
what is involved and I presume you are interested, is that
correct. Yes, she said, Im most interested.  Very well, I said,
then know the simple rules.  When you arrive you will immediately
begin to follow my instructions, without reservation, I said.  Do
you think you can do that, I asked?  Yes, she said, but may I
ask, what will you be asking of me.  Now that would take the fun
out of it, wouldnt it, I asked.  Yes, I suppose so, she said,
but know that I dislike some things.  Now is the time to speak
your piece or forever hold your tongue, I quipped.

Pain, spanking, water things, torture, things like that, she
said.  None of those will present a problem, I said, so would you
like to proceed.  Yes, she said, and the sooner the better I
might add.  Patience, I said.  Ive been patient way too long she
replied.  Are you ready for some instructions, I asked.  Yes, I
have a pencil she said.

Very well, tomorrow 11 a.m. at this address, which I gave to her.
 You will come alone, and dress like you are going to church. 
You will leave no later than 4 in the afternoon.  Do you have all
that, I asked.  Yes, she said.  Good, and just one more thing, I
added.  Whats that, she asked.  Body hair is unacceptable, I
said, see you tomorrow, and hung up the phone before she could
respond.

I wasnt too sure how all of this was going to play out in the
morning, but figured what the heck, lets see what happens.  I
tossed and turned all night long and got up early the next day,
still tired from lack of a restful night.

I went into my home office and put new tapes in the video
recorders, checked the camera by letting it record some of my
movements and then sat back and waited.

11 oclock came and went.  There was no one at my door.  11:30
arrived and I thought, the hell with this and started to curse to
myself about losing the nights sleep, when the door bell rang.  I
went slowly to the front door, half pissed, and opened it.  Hi,
Im Ann Hopkins, and Im sorry Im so late, but my husband called
from overseas and, well, I hope you can accept my apology, but it
was a long phone call.

I shook my head, and stepped aside saying, please come in Mrs.
Hopkins.  Ann came into the foyer, looked around and told me I
had a lovely home.  I thanked her and suggested that she might
want to put her purse down and follow me.  She placed her purse
on the table and I ushered her into the family or as its
sometimes called, the great room.

The house sits on a hill overlooking a golf course and the entire
back is all glass.  Were also high enough up that we can see
out, but unless you are standing against the windows or very
close by, golfers cannot see directly in.

I had a seat and looked at Mrs. Ann Hopkins.  She was dressed in
a high neck mid calf length black dress with a black leather
belt.   She had shoulder length blonde hair and just the right
amount of makeup.  Certainly 100% correct for church, as I had
instructed.

Mrs. Hopkins, I began, before getting started, do you recall what
I said, about following directions?  Yes, she replied, I
understand.  Very well, I said, then lets get started.

How old are you, I asked.  51, she answered.  And why are you
here, I continued.  Because Virginia suggested it might be a good
idea, she answered.  Did Virginia tell you anything else?  No, no
not really.
But the bottom line is that youre here because you want to be
fucked, isnt that correct?  Yes, I suppose so, she replied as a
shutter passed over her.

How long has it been, I asked.  You mean.oh almost 5 months she
said.  No boyfriend, I asked.  No.  No girlfiend.  No, she said.
Every think about a girlfriend, I asked.  No, never she said. 
Ever see two women together, I asked.  No.  When you heard about
these things, were you ever maybe just a little curious, I asked.
 Yes, maybe, she said.

So you havent had a boyfriend or lover, I said.  No.  Do you
want one, I asked.  I dont knowI dont think so, she said. 
Well, pretending that you did, I said, think youd like a young
lover, or someone your age or older.  I dont know, she said. 
Well then, what about both men at the same time, I asked, how
does that sound to you.  I dont know she again replied.  You
curious about it, I asked.  I guess so, she said.

You look very nice all dressed up, I said.  Thank you, she
replied.  Yes, very lady likenow tell me, what do you think is
your best asset, I asked.  Most people tell me that I have
beautiful legs she said.  Really, well then Id like to see them,
so lift your skirt and show me.

Ann thought for a second and then bent over and grabbed the
bottom of her long skirt and lifted it to about the middle of her
thighs.  They were right, I said, you do have pretty legs, but
now show me all of them, I said.  She, paused for a fraction of a
second to seemingly gather her breath, then raised her skirt the
rest of the way.  Thats very nice, I said, and your panties are
cute too, thus causing just a slight blush to cross her face.

What size dress do you wear, I asked.  A 10 she replied.  Now,
take off that #10 I said and you can drape it on that chair over
there.  Anns hands went to her waist where she unbuckled the
belt and let it hang loose in the loops.  Next she reached for
her neck and she began unbuttoning the front of the dress. 
Watching her I was soon treated with the sight of a black bra. 
She then slipped the dress from her shoulders and reached for her
waist, where she wiggled the skirt over her hips and down to the
floor.

Without a word she picked up the dress walked over and deposited
it the chair where I had told her to.  She then turned to face me
sort of throwing her hands to the side in a Ta Da pose, which he
held for a good number of seconds.  Ann stood there in a black
bra, dark blue panties, a garter belt, stockings and her heels.


I twirled my finger and she turn around with her arms out, so I
could see her.  Come over to this chair I said, as I motioned her
towards a straight back chair near me.  As she approached, I told
her to hold on to the armrest and bend over.  She did so, knowing
full well that I was looking at her tits.

Mrs. Hopkins, I began, you have nice tits, what size are they. 
Im a D she said.  Thats nice, I said lots to enjoy, now take
off your bra so I can see the rest of them.  She straightened up
and reached behind unhooking the bra which she then slid it off
her shoulders as her tits tumbled free.  Shame to keep such nice
tits all covered up, I said.   Now, about showing me how they
dance for joy being free, I said..  Ann looked at me with a blank
stare, then I said, shake your tits and stretch your nipples.

She stared at me then took hold of each nipple and began to shake
her tits by pulling on them.  Are your nipples getting hard, I
asked.  Yes, a little she said.  When your nipples get hard, does
your pussy get wet, I asked.  Yes she said.

What size panties do you wear, I asked.  Size 6 she said.  Then
Mrs. Hopkins I said, take your size 6 panties off so they dont
get all wet, I said.  She paused for a moment, then releasing her
tits, reached for the waist band and pulled the panties down and
stepped out of them.  When she straightened up, I could see that
she was indeed shaved.

I tossed her a towel and told her to cover the chair seat, then
sit down. After she sat down in the chair, I moved to in front of
her and said, now Mrs. Hopkins, time to see your pretty pussy, so
lift your legs and put them over the arms.  Ann immediately
lifted her legs and draped them over the arms of the chair.

With her pussy now visibly open, I moved my hand, telling her I
needed to see just how wet she was.  Touching her for the first
time, she jumped a little, then relaxed as I began to explore all
around her pussy.

I then had her open her pussy further for me and began to finger
her, just a little bit.

I low moan escaped her lips as I exposed her clit and rubbed my
thumb over it.  Want to continue, I asked.  Mmmm yes she replied,
please I need it so bad.  I reached up and found her tits and
began squeezing them and pulling on her nipples.  Oh, please, she
said, please fuck me, I need it so bad.

I ignored her and then told her to go into the bedroom, that Id
have a surprise for her.  She just about ran into the bedroom and
hopped onto the bed.  I stripped out of my cloths as I headed for
the bedroom.  Entering, I asked, well Mrs. Hopkins, you ready for
your surprise.  Im not sure she answered sheepishly.  Well here
it is, I said, and out of the closed bathroom door walked in
Tommy.

Ann screamed and covered herself with her hands and tried to grab
at the bedding for more cover.  Too late, I said, Tommy here has
already been watching you all this while and is here to help me
take care of you.  Oh no, I cant she stammered, Im married, my
husband.

Okay, I said, if you want to get dressed and leave, there is
nothing stopping you.  You know where your cloths are I said. 
She started to move, then realized that she be naked without the
bed linen.  She started to pull the linen and I asked her what
she thought she was doing.  Going to get my cloths she said.

Leave the linen here where it belongs, I said.  She stopped cold
and stared at me.  Now whats wrong with Tommy I asked.  Hes
quite discreet and he enjoys being with older ladies, dont you,
I asked.  He shook his head, yes.  Now, I continued, I think you
owe Tommy an apology.  Im sorry she said.

Good, I said, now kiss and be friends.  Tommy leaned in
immediately and kissed her on the lips, and began driving his
tongue between her lips into her mouth.  As first I could see her
resist, but then she relaxed and opened her mouth and began
kissing him back.

I took the opportunity to uncover her and push the linen back
then I spread her legs and began licking her pussy.  She
immediately reached by driving her hips towards my face and when
I looked up, I could see Tommy sucking on one nipple while
squeezing the other.  Ann moaned and thrust once more towards my
face.

I withdrew and tapped Tommy and he too stopped.  Ann looked
towards us saying, please dont stop, then Tommy, Im sorry. 
Prove it, said Tommy.  What do you want me to do, she asked.  For
a start, he said, come here and suck my dick.  Ann crawled over
to the edge of the bed and reached for Tommys cock.  My friend
too, he said, and she reached for me with her other hand. 
Positioning herself between the two of us, she moved from one to
the other, licking, kissing and sucking on each.

I pulled away and positioned myself on my back in the center of
the bed.  Ann was busy sucking as much of Tommys cock as she
could and I was pulling at her to mount me and begin to ride the
pony.  In short order she was over me and used her hand to try
and guide me into her.  No hands I said, as I tried to line
myself up with her love hole, and then doing so, watch as she
lowered herself onto my cock.

That feels so good, she said as she rotated her hips and I began
to enjoy her well formed tits and nipples inches from my face. 
Get Tommy good and hard I said.  She leaned slightly and once
more began to suck him like there was no tomorrow.

I had hooked my legs over hers and was very slowly moving in and
out of her pussy.  Tommy pulled away from her and got of the bed
for a minute.  He grabbed a tube of KY and put an ample amount on
his fingers.  Moving behind Ann he spread her cheeks a little
wider and began to finger her anus.

No No Noplease dont youll hurt me, she cried when she
realized what he was doing.  She tried to move her hands back to
protect herself, but I held her wrists firmly and pulled her down
so I could suck her nipples as I slowly moved my cock in your
pussy.

Nooooooooooo she cried, but Tommy was already inside her and
reaming her to enlarge the opening.  No no, Christ NO she cried,
dontnot in my ass, Ill do anything you want, I promise, please
please I beg you, she cried with tears running down her face. 
Tommy had slipped in a 2nd finger as I could feel him through the
thin membrane between her holes as he continued to expand her
opening.

Ann I said, gaining her attention, you have a virgin asshole, I
asked.  Yes, she repliedplease dont, anything else, just please
tell him to stop..Oh, she jumped a little as Tommy added a
little more to the invasion.  Anything, I asked.  Yesas she
drove herself down on my cock to get away from Tommys fingers.

Tommy, I said, Mrs. Hopkins would like you to stop, I said, and
if you do, then shes offering to do anything to make up for it,
I continued, any ideas.  She got such a sweet ass he said, I
really dont want to trade it for anything and Im just about
ready he said.   NOOOOOOOOOOO she yelled, but suddenly it was too
late.  Tommy had replaced his fingers with the head of his cock
and had slipped it just past her muscle and was inside her ass.

As he started to fuck her in the ass, I picked up on the rhythm
by starting to fuck her pussy.  Anns reaction was first one of
surprise, hurt and then excitement.  She wound up begging Tommy
to go deeper and deeper, until he was all the way in her.  I
emptied my load into her cunt and withdrew, leaving her on her
knees with Tommys cock deep in her ass.  What must have seemed
an eternity for Ann was then over with, as Tommy emptied his load
into her bowel and withdrew his cock from her ass.

As his shrinking cock fell out of her ass, he went into the
bathroom to clean himself off.  Ann lay on the bed, mumbling
shit, fuck and Christ over and over again.   I stretched out
along side her and began rubbing her back and cheeks of her ass.
She turned on her side to face me and propped her head up.  I
reached for her tit and lowered my mouth to begin sucking on the
nipple as I squeezed her globe.

Mmmmmm she said as I pulled the nipple into my mouth and ran my
tongue over it, then let it pop free as her tit giggled in its
reply.  Ann then looked at me and asked, you going to fuck my ass
too?  Would you like me to, I asked.  Yes, please, she said.  Get
me hard, I said.

Ann reached for my cock and lowered her head to begin kissing and
licking my cock back to life..  As she started Tommy came out of
the bathroom and joined us on the bed.  I leaned over and raised
her leg, so I could play with her pussy and ass.

As I continued to harden, Tommy began once again stroking her ass
with his finger.  She certainly wasnt as tight now and with me
fingering her pussy and teasing her clit, while Tommy did her ass
and she sucked my cock, was really beginning to drive her wild.

Get on your hands and knees I said.  Tommy got in front of her
and told her to start sucking his cock.  Now with her ass raised,
I got behind her and slipped my cock into her pussy and started
to fuck her.  When I was well covered with her juices, I pulled
out and lined up with her raised ass.  As I pushed my cock head
into her hole, she pushed back against me and I began pounding
her ass as my balls slapped up against her.

Her moaning was muffled as her mouth was still full.  I reached
forward to grab her breasts, and found Tommys hands, so the two
of us together began to work her body.  Tommy let go of her
breasts and held her head down as he began in earnest to fuck her
mouth and then succeed in filling her mouth with his seed.  It
wasnt too long after that that I too exploded deep within her
and soon my shrinking cock slipped out of her asshole.

We were all pretty wasted, but Tommy young stud that he was,
bounced back announcing he had to head out.  After dressing, he
started to say goodbye, the announced that Mrs. Hopkins was one
sexy lady.  She smiled and thanked him, then he unzipped his fly
and told her to say good bye to him properly.

Ann groped in his pants and fished out his semi-hard cock, which
she then began to lick and kiss good-bye till Tommy moaned and
she swallowed his cock just before he once again filled her
throat with his load.

After Tommy left, I suggested that we take a shower and clean up.
 So we proceeded to the shower where we cleaned each other and
where we each sat on the shower bench to be certain that the
others gentiles were properly clean.

After the shower, Ann said she had to leave, so we walked out and
I watched her dress, put on some fresh makeup and lipstick and
prepare to leave.  Hey, church lady, I called, Tommy gets a
goodbye, and I dont.

She turned around and came back to me, got down on her knees and
proceeded to lick my balls and suck my cock like there was no
tomorrow.  As my cock began to swell more and more, I pulled her
up and told her to lift her skirt and pull her panties down.  She
immediately did so, then mounted me and started to ride the pony
into the sunset.
