This site contains fictional stories with explicit descriptions of sexual activities, and not suitable for minors or prudes. If you are under 18 year of age, do not enter this site as it is illegal for you to do so and you are not welcome here. Also if you are offended by sexually explicit stories, do not enter this site, as I do not wish to offend your sensibilities. Having said that, by entering this site you are representing that you are at least 18 years old and do so of your own free will and are not offended in any way by sexually explicit stories. The stories are fictional and any resemblance to actual people or other entities is purely coincidental. =======================================================

Ain't Dead Yet

The story is fiction, but it is based on a real life experience.  The names, locations and any references used in the telling of this story are all fictional.

My name is Henry and I own several rental properties (apartment buildings) that cater to retirees and snowbirds as some are called.  Three years ago I rented a place to the Burks who spent their first winter here, then decided to renew for each year thereafter.

They understood that they were just renting for the season and that if I wanted could rent out their place after they were gone, or before they arrived.  When they were getting ready to depart this past year, Mr. Burk asked if they could leave some things and suggested that if I was to rent the place "off season" he would reimburse me for whatever it cost to have the items moved out and stored.

I didn't see anything wrong with this arrangement, so agreed to it.  When it was time to leave, the Burks waved good-bye saying they'd be back in so many months and were gone.

After the majority of the snowbirds leave I get going with the cleaning, painting and fixing that just can't be done while they are here.  One day I received an inquiry about renting a place for twelve weeks and for no good reason pulled the keys to The Burks.

After showing the family around, they said they would take it, as it was furnished and in move in condition.  I said okay, and just needed a day or two to remove some of The Burks personal effects that were left.  The new renters said, no problems as they wouldn't want to move in till the weekend.

The next day, boxes and tape in hand I entered the apartment.  Nick-knacks and little things were left there, which I wrapped and secured in the boxes.  Then in a final inspection I found towards the rear of the top closet shelf a small envelope.  When I finally reached it with a small broom and opened it I nearly fell from the ladder.

Inside were some, would you believe Polaroid photos of Mrs. Burk.  The photos weren't taken here, but did show a residence and a smiling Mrs. Burk from years gone by.  When I finished staring at the photos I put them back into the envelope and carried them along with the boxes back to my place for safe keeping.

That evening, when I knew I wouldn't be bothered, I opened the envelope again and looked at the photos.  You could tell that they were in order to tell a story.   In the first Mrs. Burk was smiling for the camera while pulling her skirt up.  Leafing through the photos they showed her shedding her cloths until finally the last photo showed her naked with her legs spread and pointing her tits at the camera. 

Over the next few weeks I explored the other items from the Burks place and discovered 2 porn films as part of their movie collection, which I looked at. The first tape was just the usual huffing and puffing and nothing more.  The 2nd started out the same way, but towards the end it suddenly switched from the movie and I was watching Mrs. Burk sucking on a cock.  Then the screen went blank.

Needless to say, I made copies of the tape and the photos in the envelope.

I repacked everything and got busy with finishing the many repair items before the renters returned.  Soon the twelve weeks were up and the family who rented the Burks place moved on.  I quickly cleaned up the place and put the boxes back into the space, taking special care to replace the envelope at the rear of the closet where I found it.  That way when the Burks arrived and found the boxes they would know that their apartment had been used while they were gone.

One by one the families began arriving.  As the weather got colder the influx was greater and then The Burks arrived.

After a few minutes Mr. Burk came by having seen the boxes inside his door and I informed him that the place was used for twelve weeks, but had since been cleaned and he should find everything in order.  He asked me if he owed anything for the packing and storage and I assured him that he did not and it was nice to see them back with us.  But I kept thinking about Mrs. Burk, Martha.

Let me tell you about Mrs. Burk.  She's in her late 50's, maybe early 60's, about 5'8" tall, glasses, an easy to manage hairdo, and a twinkle in her smile that just lights up her face an personality.  She wasn't a Barbie, and I wouldn't say she's fat, just lets say a little mature, but with a smile that you just wanted to be around.  She had big tits, liked to show cleavage, and I'm certain, sure could certainly raise lots of blood pressures.  Also, just standing there I kept seeing some of her photos, though probably taken years ago when she was younger, her figure hadn't changed that much.

So Mr. Burk, back ready for another season, I ask.  Yes, yes, but please call me Paul, everyone else does.  Okay, Paul it is.  And, now if you'll excuse me, I've got things to attend to.  Yes, said Paul, but there is something......I'll....I'll catch up with you later, if you can spare me a minute.  My pleasure, I said.

The following morning as I was out and about Paul Burk called my name and caught up with me.  What can I do for you, I inquired?  Well, I'm a little embarrassed, but well someone was saying last year that there were some, uh lets see, hmmmm extra activities here in the complex and you were the man to ask.

Extra activities, I asked?  Yes, you know, adult stuff.  Oh, yes, that, I said.  What about it?  Well, was wondering what it was about and well could I attend?   It's rather simple, yet complicated I said, and am not sure.  Please, he cut me off, what's the harm in telling me about it.  If it's all that bad, then I could always say thanks, but no thanks.  Come on, let me in on it, he asked.

Well, okay I guess so, I said.  There are about 175 rental units here and there are a number of us who get together for as you said adult entertainment.  What kind of adult entertainment, Paul asked?

Fucking, what else is there, I asked?  So you have girls coming in, I'm... he started to say.  No, doesn't work like that, I said.  The girls are already here.  You mean the women living here.  Yes, not everyone, but a few of them.  And they charge, he began.

Yes, but not exactly, I said.  You see, we're all at that age where we're either facing sex limitations without the pill, other medical issues, and in some cases, just tension because of finances.  Pills cost a lot of money these days.  

So, I still don't understand. How does it work?  Lets say a nice looking lady, still a good figure, is having some problems paying.  I approach her and offer her the opportunity to reduce her rent.  And, how do you make up your loss, he asked.

I've long term tenants, everything you see about you is paid for, so I've no debt other than the utilities and upkeep, so even without there full rents, I'm still doing okay, and well, they like the excitement too.

I'll be damned, said Paul.  But, wait a minute, what's to prevent some guy from fucking her outside the place, he asked?  Nothing, I replied.  And, lets say she's been there a few times and stops.  What happens when people who where there see her at the grocery or here abouts?  

That is not my problem.  I solved the problem of her finances, offered entertainment to my tenants and that is that.  I'm not a church or a redemption center.

So, how can I attend, he asked?  You can't, I said.  Why not, he asked?  Because, you have no reason to be there.  You have a wife at home who seems okay and your finances are seemingly excellent, so why do you need to attend?  

The question went unanswered and Burk went on his way deep in thought.  Meanwhile that afternoon as I was out picking up some scattered newspapers Mrs. Burk saw me and thanked me for cleaning the place so well and said she was looking forward to the coming season.  Me too, I thought to myself.  

Over the next week I must admit I was lusting for Mrs. Burk. I'd see her using the different facilities, participating in activities and always imagined her naked before me.

Then she suddenly was knocking at my door wanting to reserve the "game room" for a private party.  Just what kind of a party, I asked.  Just family and friends coming in for a visit, she said.  

Didn't know you had family in the area, I said.  Oh yes, my sister and her husband live nearby, she replied.  So everyone going to be here for the party, I said.  They sure are, we've been planning it for about a month now, just decided we needed a larger room, so if we could use the game room, that would be great.  It won't be a problem, I said.

As the party date got closer, I planned on bumping into Mrs. Burk one morning and having done so, after confirming that her husband was out playing golf for the day, suggested that she come by the office in about 30 minutes.

Entering the office she asked if everything was okay.  Yes, I assured her, I was just wondering if your party guests would like to have some party treats like this, and I opened a file folder with copies of the photos.

Silence would be loud if there could be a way of measuring whatever it was that was happening that instant, then OMG, where did you get these?  Doesn't matter, I said, adding, oh, what do you think of this?  I clicked the remote and the TV came to life showing guess who.  Turn it off!, please, turn it off!!

I clicked the remote and waited.  What, what do you want, she managed to say her lower lip quivering?  Nothing that I can think of right now I said. 

I can buy the pictures from you, then you can find some young girl with a perfect figure and I'm sure she'll make you very happy.  Not a chance, I said.

So when was this picture taken, pointing to the nude of her holding her tits.  7 years ago.  Husband take the picture?  Yes.  And the others too?  Yes, all of them.  And the video?  Yes, he said he thought it would be something we could watch and remember in our old age.  Hummmmm, I began, but if he took the video and he's in it with you who's moving the camera around?

I clicked the TV remote again.  Please don't, someone might see.  Well we certainly wouldn't want that to happen, I said, as I clicked the power off to the TV and turned and walked into the rear of my apartment/office.  

Please, she said, we need to resolve this like adults.  I'll give it some thought, I replied questioning, you going to tell your husband about this?  No   Want me to tell him?  No, please, please don't. 

About 3 or 4 days later, as I recall, I saw Paul Burk down by the pool, so I pulled up a chair along side asking if I could join him.  Sure sure, he said, asking what was going on.

Well you recall what you were asking about, I began.  Yea, you going to let me attend, he asked.  Good possibility, I said, we just have to iron out a few details.  Such as, he asked?  You bringing your wife and introducing her to the group, I said. 

What, he almost shouted?  Are you crazy?  No, I said, keep your voice down and I'm far from being crazy.  Really, he said, and just what the fuck makes you think that I'd even be interested in what you proposed or for that matter that Martha would be interested.

This I said and passed him a small photocase.  He opened it and didn't say a word, but flipped through the pictures.  Where did you get these, he asked?  They were left it in the apartment and oh, meant to say, the video was quite nice also.

How much, he asked?   Money, you haven't enough, I said.  Oh, by the way, who was taking the video?  No one, he said.  Oh come on, I said, you don't expect me to believe that, do you.  I mean the camera was moving all around the room for Christ's sake.  I said no one, he replied in an angry voice.

Okay, I said, calm down, you don't need to burst a blood vessel, but now you listen to me, I said.

I've the photos and the video.  I've no problem, lets say, helping them find their way out of hiding, I continued.  I, he began, but I held up my hand for him to be quiet.

Now, truth be known, I think you are a guy who likes to watch.  You so much as told me so when you asked about the entertainment.  And, I went on, I think your secret fantasy would be to watch your wife as you've probably already done with the mystery person who wasn't there moving the camera.

So, I think you should have a very honest talk with your wife and in the end the two of you will decide to join us for an evenings entertainment.   How many people will be there, he asked in a whisper.  Don't know, usually 6 to 8, all depends.

And Martha, she'll have to......all of them, he asked?  No, just two and herself, I said.  But the others, he said.  You let me take care of things, I said.  Now I'll give you till the end of the week to let me know what you want to do, I said as I got up, took the photo album and walked off.

The phone rang the following morning and after saying hello was listening to Burk swearing and calling me names.  I didn't say a word, but just hung up the phone.  Minutes later it rang again and when the answering machine cut in, he left a message sayin he wasn't happy that I had already spoken to his wife, so on and so forth.

I didn't return the call and that afternoon, Burk was out looking all over for me.  I was able to see him as we have security video installed in the public areas and I'd see him enter an area, look around, turn and head to the next.

Finally after about 30 minutes I saw he was headed to the tennis courts, so I left and made my way over there.  Hey Henry, he called and fast approached me.  Been looking all over for you, he said.

Well, here I am, I said, what can I do for you.  I'd, I'd like to first apologize for this morning, he began, but I was...  I just held up my hand cutting him off.

Anyway, look this isn't easy for us, but okay he said, you've got a deal.  And the Mrs., I asked.  She understands, and she's agreed he said, then added 2 guys.  Being with 2 guys, means she's going to fuck 2 guys, but she'll be expected to play some with anyone who wants to be considered for being chosen, I said.  Okay, okay, he said.

Now tell me, I said, who took the video.  My brother-in-law, he said.  Yours or her sisters husband.  Her sisters husband, he said.  And is there something going on that I'm not aware of, I asked.

Obviously, he said.  We every so often swap the sisters.  And the sisters, they okay with this, I asked.  Yes, we've been doing it for years now.  They bi, I asked.  No, I don't think so, he replied.  

Do we have an agreement, he asked.  Yes, I said, but your uncalled for outburst, I began.  I apologize for that, he said.  And I heard you, but you can't undo what's been done, I said.  So, to make amends, the sisters will entertain me and me alone, I said.

What, he asked?  You heard me, I said.  I can't speak for Joyce, he said.  Then have your wife speak to her and we'll go from there.  And if Joyce won't or Martha doesn't want to speak to her, he asked.

Then I'll just figure out something for Martha, I said before turning and saying, I'll be in touch and walking off.

Two days later I slipped an envelope under the Burk's apartment door containing instructions for the both of them.  Also included was a reminder and a deadline for a decision on Martha and her sister Joyce. 

Late that afternoon, a message was left on the answering machine from Martha.  She said she spoke to her sister and her sister agreed to help her out when she got back in 2 weeks.  

I in the meantime sent an email to "the group" reminding them that we would be meeting and looking forward to seeing them there at 7:45PM.

The following evening at 8PM my office bell rang and I opened the door to Paul and Martha Burk.  You look very nice tonight, I said as I ushered them in, then asked them to follow me towards the back of my place.

In the rear connected to another building I had broken through a wall and created somewhat of a stage for this type activity.  The only way in was through my quarters.  I added sand to the walls to make it soundproof and build a little platform to act sort of like a stage.  I also added some strong lights to illuminate the stage area.

I held up my hand to have the Burk's stop shy of the stage and told them to wait for a minute as I proceeded onto the stage.

Hi everyone, I said.  Tonight is something different and certainly special.  I won't go into any details, but in a few minutes you will be meeting a married couple.  Some of you may or may not know them, it doesn't matter.

The twist tonight is that the husband wants to watch his wife with the 2 lucky men she chooses.  As usual, you each have the right to be included or excluded from the ladies decision making process.  So, if you think she's too hot to handle and you're not man enough, then don't embarrass yourself.  However, as is our custom, each of you will be the luck of the draw be able to check the lady out.

So, if everyone is ready, let me introduce our guests Martha and Paul Burk.  They walked slowly from the shadows into the light and nervously stood by my side.  

Now as I said, tonight will be a bit different.  Paul will show and tell us about Martha before he takes his seat.  Paul will not be able to participate as one of the two lucky guys.  So, I said, Paul why don't you take over and just follow the guidelines as provided.  Okay, he said, as I moved away and took a seat.

Well everyone, this is my wife Martha and we're quite nervous, but I expect glad to be here.  I don't know if you've seen either of us around the complex, but this is our 3rd or 4th year here, so I expect you have.  Anyway, he continued, I'm sure you don't want to listen to me, he said.

So Paul stepped behind Martha and unzipped her dress and then pushed it off her shoulders and continued to guide it over her hips and to the floor.  He then bent and lifted her leg pulling the dress free, then the other leaving Martha standing in just her bra and panties.

Someone said, turn around please.  Paul looked puzzled for a second and then took Martha's shoulders and turned her around.  Someone else then said, Martha unhook your bra.

Martha brought her arms back and in a few seconds her bra was unhooked.  Paul, someone said, pull her panty down so we can see her butt.  

Paul worked the panty down revealing Martha's ass as another voice said, turn her back around please.

Martha turned around to face the audience bra straps dangling behind her arms.  Give Paul your bra a voice said.  Martha reached and pulled the shoulder straps free and as the bra came away she handed it to Paul.  

Read the label Paul was told.  38D he said.  Now help Martha out of her panties the voice continued.  Paul stepped to Martha and pulled her panties down and then guided them over her heels leaving her naked except for the heels.

I came into the light and told Paul to take a seat then turned to Martha and grabbed one of her tits.  They're real I announced, now lets have a good look at your pussy.  I moved to the side and grabbed a wooden chair which I put next to Martha and instructed her to have a seat.

Martha sat down and I had her open her legs and then hooked the heel from each shoe over the support rail of the chair opening her pussy even further.  I stepped behind her, reached over her shoulders and began playing with here tits as I asked, gentlemen, who's interested in a chance to fuck this lady?

Within a minute 4 naked guys were on the platform and all saying hello to Martha.  2 of the men, Harry and Marvin caused the blood to drain from Martha's face as she realized who they were.  

Harry lived in right next door and their apartments shared a common wall while Marvin spent his time on the tennis courts and in fact helped Martha just a few days earlier with her swing.

One at a time they approached Martha and began to finger fuck her and eat her pussy followed by playing with her tits while she examined and sucked their cocks.

Martha, I asked, who do you choose?  I wasn't at all surprised when she chose Harry.  Well guys, I said, looks like you've been voted off this reality show, so in the tradition of the show, you've each in turn have one minute to express yourselves to Martha.

Each of the losers stepped to Martha and played with he tits, and fingered or tasted her pussy before going back to their seats, leaving her with Harry.

I meanwhile moved out and took a seat next to Paul.  You doing okay, I asked.  Yes, yes, he said.  You like what you see, I asked.  Oh yes, very much and I'm sure Martha is having a good time too.

We'll see, I said, but I want check in before things continue, I said adding, and I'm certain that you'll enjoy watching.

Meanwhile Harry had Martha stand and took first one hand, then the other and strapped and secured her wrists to nylon straps hanging down from the ceiling.  

He then moved to her feet and did the same with each ankle, then using a remote control used the winch to surprise her as it pulled her up.  He next stepped behind her and without a word of explanation attached a back support between the straps and fastened it around her mid-section.

Martha tried to say something, but he held up my hand to silence her. She made some comment and called for Paul.  Sorry, I said, he doesn't have any authority here.  He's a guest as long as he sits quietly.  He can watch or not, that is up to him.

Harry, I said, clock starts now.  Harry worked the controls and in a minute Martha was lifted off the floor by a few inches and rotated onto her back. Next the ankle straps pulled her legs wide open and stopped.

Harry stepped between her spread legs and started to run his hand over her wet hole.  Martha, he began, your now in what is called a sling or swing.  Nice thing about it is that you have no leverage.  You can't brace yourself against the floor, push away or even easily hump.  In short, you now belong to me for the next 30 minutes, unless of course we work a deal to shorten your time.

So before I begin, I want to add some extra comfort for you, so your head gets some support.  At that, he stepped to her head and placed a strap around her forehead and affixed it to the nylon straps as well.  There, now that should be better, he said.

Please said Martha, let me down.  Harry ignored her as he said.  Now I'm going to flip you over, so don't be concerned you won't fall.

At that he used the controls to close her legs and then flipped her so she was now face down.  Yes, that's so much better.  I do like your tits hanging down.  Now I'm going to raise you some so you can suck my cock, if I let you, he said.

Martha tried to move, but was going nowhere except to add a bit of movement to the swing as Harry continued to work the controls that began to position Martha.

Few more taps of a button and Harry was happy.  Martha was chair high off the floor with her ass raised about 6 inches higher and her legs spread wide.  Harry stepped between her spread legs and began to finger her pussy with his left hand and with his right began to rim her asshole.  

No no begged Martha as she felt his finger at her rear entrance, but Harry wasn't stopping.  If anything he was holding her in place by her pussy as she pushed the 1st digit of his finger into her.  

Martha tried to move, but there was nothing to hold onto or push against, except Harry's finger in her ass.  But he then clicked on the remote and the cords raised her ass higher as her tits fell towards her shoulders.  Now, that's about right, commented Harry as he withdrew his finger.

Harry then went to the side of the platform and pulled something which everyone applauded onto the stage.  This was a small table on which was mounted the Stallion Fucking Machine which he positioned between Martha's legs, adjusted the height and then slipped the dildo into her open pussy.

Ohhhhhhh Martha responded as she hung suspended and her pussy was stuffed.  Harry eased the dildo out some and then spun the flywheel as the piston drove the dildo back and forth in her hole.

Sensing that he was aligned properly, he flipped the switch to slow and the machine began its constant of Martha's pussy.  Martha tried to react to the play, but was unable to as she hung suspended.  

Harry moved forward and worked his way beneath her trying to catch her bouncing tits in his mouth.  Unsuccessful, he grabbed each tit and 

   




























However, she would come back when her husband was away or playing golf for the day.  Also, since she was so prim and proper she should know that if she objected to anything I wanted of her, or if she didn't come back, then the photos that I had would somehow make it out of my safe to maybe some of the neighbors, or maybe even suddenly show up on the activities bulletin board.

Do you understand me?  Yes, can I go now?  I pulled my hand from under her skirt and held it partly up.  Clean my finger.  Tears started to form around her eyes, but she leaned forward and began to lick my finger.  

With my free hand and her leaning over, I grabbed one of her tits, seeking the nipple and I squeezed and made my way to the front of her tit.  Nice tits, how big are they? 40D

Finding the nipple and pinching it emitted a low groan as I let go and Martha stood up.  Go on, get out of here........and in a flash she was out the door and gone back to her place.

The following day, Tuesday, I saw the Burks and waved hello.  Mr. Burk returned the wave, but Martha just stared at me then gave a half hearted hello.  As they moved away I shouted, Mr. Burk question.  Yes.  Was thinking about your golf, when is it that you play.  Oh, down here I play every Monday, Thursday, Saturday and sometimes on Sunday if Martha here will let me sneak out of the house, why?  Oh, was just wondering as I sometime play and maybe if one of your group can't make it. Sure, will keep you in mind.  Thanks, see ya.

Wednesday was just another day, till Mr. Burk located me and asked if I wanted to join him tomorrow morning.  Love to, but can't as I've got some appointments.  Okay, just came up and thought I'd ask.  Appreciate it, maybe another time.

Oh, by the way, he continued, any possibility about that adult stuff we spoke of.  No, not really, I said then asked with a big grin, why do you think Mrs. Burk would go for it?

No, I doubt it, but between you and I, must admit the idea of seeing her with another guy has crossed my mind from time to time.  Better be careful, she'll kill you for telling me this.  Nah, I've already told her any number of times, he said.

So wait a minute, let me understand this.  You'd have no objections to your wife being fucked by someone else, do I understand you correctly.  You got it, no problem.  Matter of fact would personally love to see it, but the wife doing it is another story.  Okay, if you say so, I replied.

Anyway, sorry I can't join you for golf, just have things to attend to.  Okay and remember, if you can see your way clear on those adult things, I'd be interested in attending.  Okay, will keep it in mind, I replied.

Thursday started out as usual and then turn sour as Martha failed to show up or call me.  Slightly pissed, I headed to the Burks apartment and used my passkey to enter after a slight knock.  Inside the place was empty, nobody home.

I locked the door and left returning to my place.  A few hours later there was a knock and I opened the door to find Martha Burk standing there.  Well well well, where have you been?  I had to take care of groceries and a few other things that we needed in the apartment.  Can I come in and just talk with you?

Inside Martha took a seat across from me and began with I want to talk with you about what happened the other day.  What about it?  Well, it can't happen again, so I'm prepared to pay you from my savings so you can forget about me and have money to do whatever you want.  And, just how much do you think you're worth?  I don't know, but I've got $1700 in my purse if you'll take it.

$1700 huh, that the best you can do?  I could probably get a little more, do we have a deal?  No, I'm afraid not, now spread your legs so I can see what color panties you are wearing.  No, please....  No, you want me to advertise some?  No, no, I'm sorry.  Is this okay, as she spread her legs pulling her dress up a little. 

It's a start and you've given me an idea.  Idea?  Yes, unzip your dress and slide it down.  Please don't....  Unzip it and slide it down!  

Martha leaned forward in the seat and reached behind her to undo the zipper on the back of her dress.  Unzipped, she slowly slid the top from her shoulders and down her arms revealing her bra.  I moved to her and cupped one of her tits squeezing it as I slid the strap from her shoulder, then moved my hand into the bra and began feeling her tits.  Shortly her nipples began to harden and she looked a little glassy eyed.

What size are you again, I asked?  40D, she again told me.  Like it when your tits are played with?  Yes.  Pussy getting a little moist?  Yes.  Think you'd like to feel my cock?  Yes, please.  Lift your skirt.  Okay.  

As Martha pulled the skirt up I was able to see more and more of her legs, until finally the triangle of her panties came into view.  Can I see your pussy?  Yes, if you like.  Yes, I would like very much.

Martha, pulled her panties to the side revealing her moist pussy to my eyes.  As I reached to touch her she in turn began to pull the zipper on my fly down and shortly was stroking my cock with her hand.

It wasn't long after that that both of us were naked on the floor in the living room and I was pounding away at her pussy and feeling her muscles flex and grab my cock pulling me further into her.  It wasn't too long afterwards that I felt the beginning of a surge from my balls and was emptying them into her pussy.

As I came out of Martha, she was crying, then began to sob as she cried for me to not tell her husband or anyone about this.  Maybe, I said, but you'll have to be extra nice to me, I said with a sneer on my face as I pinched and pulled a little on one of her nipples.

Think you should let the old man play golf this Saturday, I said, and I want you here at noon.  Oh, please, said Martha once again, won't you please just forget about me?  Nope, I said, you're just too nice, I said, and besides I haven't fucked your ass yet.  A look of shock, surprise, fear all washed over her face and then without saying a word, Martha began to gather her cloths and dress herself as I watched.

Saturday Noon I said again as she walked out the door.

I had some arrangement to make before Saturday, so I immediately got busy.  

Noon on Saturday, like clockwork, produced a ring of the doorbell.  I opened the door and ushered Martha in, then showed her back to my apartment behind the office.  At first she didn't notice, but then realized that the rear wall of my apartment was moved open and she was standing with me on a raised platform somewhat blinded by stage lights turned on us.

What's this, she asked.  Oh nothing I said, just wanting to have some fun in setting the mood so to speak.  And what's the mood suppose to be, she asked.

Thought it would be fun to have you on a stage.  Use to have a band and we used this for shows sometimes.  Oh, didn't know you played an instrument.  Do and doesn't matter, now lets get started before the golf game is over with.  Please, she reverted back to that.  Stop it, I said, now take off your dress.  

Martha reached behind herself and began to work the zipper down her back then pushed the thin straps from the sundress from her shoulders.  As the dress slid down her bra and panties came into view.  Nice, I said, new outfit.  

No, she replied, just something I had.  Turn around so I can see your ass, I said.  Martha turned around asking if this was okay.  Yes, I said adding, now unhook your bra.

She reached her arms back and unfastened the hooks freeing the straps to gather beneath her arms.  Now, slide your panties down over your ass, I said.  

Martha did as she was told bearing her ass as the panties bunched like a small pile of cloths just under her butt.  Nice ass, I said, now turn around.

Martha turned towards me clutching her bra and with her panties half way down over her navel.  Toss me your bra, I said.  

She hesitated a moment, then pulled the bra off and tossed it in my direction causing her tits to giggle some.  Now take those panties off and stay bent over so I can see those big titties hang under you.

Without a word, Martha bent forward and slid her panties the remainder of the way down her legs and then placed her hands on her thighs to support herself as her tits hung beneath her.

Turn around I said.  Hobbling a little with the panties around her ankles, she turned around still bent over.  Get rid of the panties I said, and he managed to step from them  and kick them aside.  

Now bent over with her ass facing me, I told her to spread her cheeks.  She reached behind herself and pulled apart her butt cheeks exposing her asshole and pussy.

Very nice I said.  Think hubby would like to see you doing this for me, I asked?
Martha didn't reply, but I knew her mind was thinking.  Now turn around I said.

Martha straightened and turned to face me, naked except for her heels.  I went and pulled a chair from the corner and put it along side her as I felt her tit and had her take a seat.  Every play with yourself and let your hubby watch, I asked.  No, she whispered her response.  

Well, since I'm not your hubby, I want you to play with your tits and open your pussy so I can watch you play with yourself.  Please, this is too embarrassing, she replied.  Nah, I won't be embarrassed, I said.  And, besides, it isn't like I haven't seen your pussy before is it, I asked?  So, go ahead, I said, spread your legs so I can see your pretty pussy.

Martha spread her legs and then slowly began rubbing her tits and pulling on her nipples.  Like your tits, I asked.  Yes, she whispered and moaned slightly as she touched herself.  

Like other women's tits, I asked.  No, she snapped back.  Oh, I said, so you mean that if another lady was here you wouldn't want to maybe feel her tits or maybe suck on the nipples.  No, she replied.  So, what about if she wanted to feel your tits, I asked?  No, Martha sternly replied.  I pushed on saying, then I guess it's out of the question about you showing her your pussy, isn't it, but Martha didn't' reply or acknowledge my words.

I moved closer to Martha and began to stroke her pussy and rub my thumb over her clit.  Keep playing with your tits, I whispered as I pushed my fingers deeper trying to twist my wrist to toy with her G-spot.  Like that, I asked?  Yes, she moaned as I reached her target spot.

Want to suck my cock, I asked.  Please, Martha replied.  Okay, I said, but I want you to put this on and not take it off, handing her a blindfold.  What the...... she questioned, but put the blindfold on.  I checked it was secure and in place, then took her hand and said come with me.

I walked her to the side of the lit area and helped her onto a modified exam table I purchased years previously from a retiring doctor.  I made it a bit more plush with new cushions and lowered it so you didn't have to step up.  Added also were the rails so you couldn't fall off.

The one other change was the top where I shortened it some and added a adjustable headrest.  The lady could be in the stirrups and I could lower her head so she could suck on a cock at the same time.

As I helped Martha position herself I kept her distracted by licking and fingering her pussy along with pulling on her nipples as I rubbed her tits.  Finally, I moved to her head and lowered the support and rubbed my cock over her lips.  

Martha immediately opened her mouth and started sucking on my swollen cock and I was able to reach and play with her tits, then stretch some and rub her clit.  What she was unable to see and also didn't hear was the quiet hum of the video camera, which had been recording everything from the time we entered the room.

In short order I managed to finger fuck her, open her pussy nice and wide and catch her not only playing with her pussy and tits, but sucking and licking my cock as well.

After I fucked her good, I looked at my watch and suggested that she dress and return home.

The next few days were tense as I viewed the video and some still photos putting them together in some kind of a story vs. just say nothing photos.  Finishing, I double checked everything and waited for Martha to arrive.

When she arrived the following afternoon, she was a little excited and yet nervous for some reason which was unknown to me.  

What's wrong, I asked.  Nothing, just the usual, she replied.  You know, some people I think managed to locate us and now they are making demands for money, but we don't have any, so I guess I just can't worry about it.  That's right, I said, and besides we've more important things to go over and perhaps there's a money light at the end of the tunnel, I added.

Now come with me, I said, motioning her to the back area.  Once we were there I had her take off her top and bra, which I in turn walked out of the room and put in safe keeping.

Why'd you do that, asked Martha.  Because I don't want you leaving in a huff and this just might give you some needed restraint.  Oh, she responded and you could see the wheels turning in deep thought.

I took my remote and clicked.  The screen flickered and there was Martha, dressed, then undressing, playing with her tits, her pussy and finally doing justice to my cock before not only fucking me, but a nice dildo also.

As the screen show the activity, I glanced at Martha and saw that she was intently watching, and also was feeling the underside of her tit and sometimes pulling a bit on her nipple.

When the end came, I turned to Martha and before she could say anything began by saying, Paul wants to see you with other men.  No, please don't, she began.

Yes, I'm not lying to you.  I've no reason to.  I can play with your tits and pussy, fuck you, get blow jobs so I've nothing to gain, I said.   Then why tell me, she asked.

Because those same people who have been worrying you have also approached me asking for information, I said.  But we've nothing anymore, said Martha.  

You do, I said.  Your car, clothing, personal effects, golf clubs;  all these little things which you really ignore because they are there will be gone if these guys get their hands on them.

So, what are you suggesting, asked Martha totally forgetting her topless state.  


