This site contains fictional stories with explicit descriptions of sexual activities, and not suitable for minors or prudes. If you are under 18 year of age, do not enter this site as it is illegal for you to do so and you are not welcome here. Also if you are offended by sexually explicit stories, do not enter this site, as I do not wish to offend your sensibilities. Having said that, by entering this site you are representing that you are at least 18 years old and do so of your own free will and are not offended in any way by sexually explicit stories. The stories are fictional and any resemblance to actual people or other entities is purely coincidental. ======================================================= 

In part 1, Deborah is discovered after many years.  Now married she is blackmailed into performing for the creation of a private porn video.
She was shocked to find her co-star was her son's best friend, Jerry and who in the end was making demands on her to continue having sex with him in the future.  

Deborah was told her performance would be in three parts.  Parts one and two are told in part one of this story.  This is then Deborah's return on Saturday to complete her assignment, part 3.
======================================================= 

When Deborah left the previous afternoon, I was really in a quandary over what to do.  It was my initial intent to first humiliate her, then bring in Jerry to do her and finally let fido (the dog) have some fun as he'd probably lick her pussy for hours on end.

Deborah appeared to be on the verge of a heart attack or a faint anyway over her fear of dogs.  So I turned her loose with the instruction to return the following day.

Now the big question was what to film.  I wanted something different for the collection.  Oh, I'm a collector of porn, some, of which I make myself and others, which I swap with like-minded collectors around the world.

What to do, what to do......I racked my brain while the clock ticked away the minutes and hours.  As I sat there half watching TV an image came across the screen and was interviewed as Mrs. Spencer Green, member of the school board and active in the community.  Wow, bingo, if this was indeed the right Mrs. Green that Jerry mentioned.

I looked up Jerry's Mrs. Green and drove by the house.  There outside in the last remaining few minutes of daylight was the same face that appeared on TV earlier.  With this information, I could no more than run a bluff, but if it worked......hmmmmm

So about 45 minutes later I was on the phone waiting for Mrs. Green to pick up.  Hello said the very sweet voice, this is Ellen Green.  Hello, I said, and I apologize for disturbing you, but this will only take a minute or two if you have the time.

Certainly, said the voice, what can I do for you?  Are you the Ellen Green who sometimes engages in, well lets say discreet parties, I asked.  Who is this, was the demand.  Doesn't matter I said, think you've answered the question, haven't you?

There was silence until I finally said, you know I don't believe the good folks would truly appreciate.  Say no more; she cut me off, what is it you want?  Well, since I'm never invited, seems that I've got some catch up coming to me, I said.

Well I really don't know you, said Ellen.  I understand that, I said, but my yard boy, Jerry and another lady Deborah Hale both seem to know about you and I'm certain that Deborah will be here too.

I see, said Ellen then I imagine I will also be there since Deborah will be there also.  Very well I said, and gave her my address and suggesting about 10 the next morning.

I slept well that night and was up bright and early to get new cassettes in the cameras and ready myself for my guests.

At about ten minutes to ten the doorbell rang and I went to answer it.  There stood Ellen Green, politician and discreet swinger.  Mrs. Green, I said, won't you please come in as I swung the door wide.

Ellen walked into the foyer her heels clicking loudly on the marble floor, then turned and said, you know sir, I'm not use to being blackmailed.

I didn't know if this was a set up or what, so I just said, I'm sorry, but I have no idea what you are talking about.  I'm talking about the fact that about 10 years ago I was indiscreet and Deborah is, well, seemingly aware of it.  As for this Jerry, I have no idea who this person is, nor do I care.

Now, she continued her rant, if you want to make trouble for me go ahead and try, but I'll have none of this.  And as for Deborah, how dare she, said Ellen.

Well, I said, first of all lets go in and have a seat shall we, pointing the way.  Ellen turned and walked towards the great room where she took a seat on the sofa.  

Lets talk quietly about this indiscretion, I said.  Okay, said Ellen, I'm listening.  Why don't you tell me your version, I said.  

Remember that I didn't have a clue as to what the hell she was talking about.  The only thing I knew what that Jerry said she was a swinger.)

Very well, said Ellen with a deep sigh.  About 10 years ago we had a great deal of financial trouble and so on.  I was out somewhere and burst into tears when Deborah came to comfort me.  When I told her about all my troubles, she listened.  

After we got to know one another she gave me the name and phone number of a man who offered me some work to get some cash.  And this work was, I asked?  You know very well what it was, she said.  It was pictures of me, and now I imagine you have a set and are making demands aren't you, she said.

Did you ever find out how Deborah came by the mans name and number, I asked.  Yes, afterwards I learned that she did similar things for him when she was just out of college or something like that.

And are you and Deborah still friends, close or...my voice trailed off.  No said Ellen, not really.  After we got back on our feet, Deborah and I just didn't stay in touch, though we do sometimes bump into one another.

And so Ellen said, how much will your set of photo's cost me?  Oh, they aren't for sale, I said, not at any price.  Then what, began Ellen as the bell rang for the 2nd time that morning.

Excuse me, I said, I'll be right back.  I hurried to the front door and opened it for Deborah who immediately walked in.  Good morning I said, you ready for the third part?  I don't have a choice, do I, she asked?
No, afraid not, I said closing the door, then pointing her back towards the great room.

As we approached the room, I said, I believe you two know each other.  For a second there were smiles of friendship, then the question on Deborah's face, what are you doing here?

Deborah, I said, have a seat, then continued.  Ellen, first of all I want you to know that Deborah had nothing to do with telling me about your indiscretion as you called it, so put that out of your mind.  

You are here, just as Deborah is here, because of your indiscretions.  No, nothing I have is for sale, as I don't need the money.  I collect indiscretions and also create them as well, I continued.

Yesterday when Deborah first arrived here she offered me a sum of money and it was a waste of time.  If you want to go through the exercise, you're welcome to, but it will also be a waste of time.

In a few minutes we'll be going downstairs.  The room is equipped to record sight and sound.  No one will be hurt under any circumstances.  However, if, and this again goes for you too Deborah, you choose not to go downstairs, then you're welcome to leave.

If you do leave, then do so knowing full well that I will very discreetly distribute your little secrets to all I can think of and probably more.

Any questions, I asked.  Who is Jerry, asked Ellen.  Oh Jerry is an 18yr old, soon to be 19 and graduating from high school in a few months.  He's also Deborah's son's friend and spends a lot of time at her house.  Yesterday he co-starred with Deborah, I said.

Ellen was silent, as was Deborah.  I then said, ladies, shall we go downstairs and begin?  I moved towards the basement door followed by both Deborah and Ellen.  Once downstairs I took a moment to point out the cameras and mic's then said, ladies, I believe the time has arrived for us to begin.

Mrs. Green, tell us about you, I said.  I don't know what you want to know, she said. Well, lets start with your age, shall we?

I'm 49 she said.  And your dress size is, I asked?  If, you must know, I wear a size 6 or 8 depending on the manufacturer, said Ellen and also to satisfy you, my bra size is a 34C, she said.

You a swinger, I asked.  No, said Ellen, not at all. And you've been faithful to your marriage, except for that little indiscretion, I said. Yes, I suppose so, was her reply.  

Suppose so, I asked?  Explain please, or must I dig further and then...
No, I suppose it doesn't matter anymore, said Ellen.  Then tell us, I said.

Three years ago, began Ellen, when I was standing for election, I was invited to a fundraiser.  Okay, I said, then what?  The only way to win an election is to have financial backing and that was something that I didn't have at the time.  So what happened, I asked.  

I was shown $30,000 in cash along with an advertising campaign for me and well, just everything that I wanted, but couldn't afford.  And the price was obviously you, I said.  Yes, said Ellen, and I must at all cost ... well let put it this way, I've no choice, I just hope you'll do what you want and then forget about me.  Then turning to Deborah she said, I'm sorry.

Not to disappoint you, I said, but this has nothing to do with your election, re-election, political views or anything else public.  Just know as I said earlier, I want a memorable video and photo's which will be held by me, for me.  If you can't trust me on that, then too bad.  If you do, then that is fine also, but we're not here for discussion.

Now, I said, I want you two to begin undressing one another.  Both looked at me with surprised looks, but then Deborah said I'm sorry Ellen as she reached for her belt and began to unfasten it.

Ellen was wearing black tailored slacks and a fitted blouse with a scarf around her neck.  Deborah on the other hand was in a straight skirt and print blouse.  Both were wearing heels.

What are you doing, I asked Deborah.  Oh, sorry, didn't realize you wanted me to speak also, she said.  I've undone Ellen's belt and now am trying to unfasten this button, ah got it, now am going to unzip this and pull down her pants.

After Ellen's slacks were off, I told her to take off Deborah's skirt and blouse.  Ellen began by opening and starting to remove Deborah's skirt.  What are you doing or seeing, I asked Ellen.

I'm taking this skirt off and I can see Deborah's underwear.  Underwear, I cut her off!  She wears panties, just like you, I said, and they cover her slit, pussy, cunt, love hole, ass, asshole, mound or anything else you want to call it.  

Shit, this isn't a doctors office or a church, I said.  We're here for tits and ass, fuck and suck, my cock and your cunt I continued.  Got it, I asked?  

Yes, said Ellen, her voice breaking as she replied.  Then continuing she said, I can see Deborah's panties and how they cover her.  Now I'm going to unbutton her blouse, she said.  I can see Deborah's bra continued Ellen, then added that she was taking the blouse off.

This the first time you've seen Deborah like this, I asked.  No, said Ellen.  Her tits bigger than yours, I asked?  Yes, I would say so, said Ellen.  

Deborah, I said, you agree that your tits are bigger than Ellens?  Yes, I guess so, she replied.  Take off Ellen's bra, so you can be certain, I said. 

Deborah looked at Ellen, then back towards me and stepped behind her and reached for the hooks on her back to unfasten the bra.  With the bra unhooked, I said, okay, lets take if off and see what's in there.

Deborah moved the shoulder straps lower and the bra slipped away as the straps slid down Ellen's arms and fell to the floor baring Ellen's tits.  Well, I said to Deborah, what do you think, still smaller?  

Yes, yes, a somewhat nervous Deborah replied.  And what about you Mrs. Green, I asked, you think Mrs. Hale's tits are bigger than yours?  I, began Ellen, have no doubt.

Well, lets be certain, I said to Ellen, take off her bra.  Ellen started to step around, but Deborah said, it hooks in the front.  Ellen stopped and stared at either Deborah's bra or her cleavage for a second or two, then slowly as if she were putting her fingers into something sticky picked at the front of the bra with her fingertips in order to grasp the hooks to separate them.

As Ellen unfastened the bra, the cups spread further apart and started to expose Deborah's fleshy mounds and her nipples.  Ellen just stood there, almost frozen.  I broke the trance by asking if she'd ever seen tits before.

Yes, yes I suppose, began Ellen till I said, well go ahead and take the bra off.  She pulled the cup away as Deborah's right tit became fully exposed.  Well, just don't stand there, I said to Ellen, kiss her hello.

You mean, began Ellen, her voice trailing off.  Yes, I said, put your hand under that tit and lift it up and kiss the nipple.  Slowly, every so slowly, Ellen put her hand under Deborah's tits and lifted it.  Then, as instructed, she moved her lips to the nipple and kissed it.  Deborah's nipple began to harden in her Ellens mouth as Deborah emitted a low moan.

I told Deborah that it was about time for her to help Ellen take off her panties.  She looked at me almost pleading not to do this to her, but I motioned with my fingers to begin.

As she moved to begin, I told her to at least kiss Ellen's tits to show her appreciation thus far.     

Deborah lowered her head and began to lick Ellen's tits as she used her hands to begin to pull Ellen's panties down.  Ellen shifted her weight a little and the panties slid down her legs and lay at her ankles.

Then without anything being said, Ellen grasped Deborah's panties and pulled them down, exposing Deborah's ass to my view as she continued to lick Ellen's tits.

Deborah, help Ellen out of her panties, I said.  She let the nipple pop from her mouth, then bent down and guided her one leg at a time from the gathered panties around Ellen's ankles.  

Ellen, open your legs a bit, I'm certain that Deborah wants to see your cute pussy, I said.  Deborah looked up as I spoke and was face to face with Ellen's trimmed pussy.  

Ever see a pussy close up and personal, I asked no one in particular.  Then I told Ellen to turn around and sit down.  She knew what was coming next, because without my saying a word, she spread her legs for Deborah and the camera.

Deborah, I said, you'd better check out that pussy. Oh no, please said Deborah, I...and her voice trailed off as Ellen spread her legs even further apart allowing her to see the inner pink of her cunt.

Is she moist or wet, I asked?  Deborah slowly moved her hand towards Ellen's gaping hole finally causing her to stir at Deborah's first touch.  

There I said, that wasn't so bad, now was it.  Does Ellens cunt feel the same as yours, I asked?  Deborah didn't reply, but just remained in place till she finally moved away from Ellen.

Show Ellen your pussy Deborah?  Ellen swung her legs off the chair and moved to stand up so that Deborah could have a seat.  As Deborah was sitting down, Ellen moved her hands onto Deborah's knees and began to push her legs apart.  

Deborah didn't resist her and soon her legs were draped over the arms on either side of the seat cushion as Ellen knelt before her.  Give her a good french kiss, I said to Ellen who then twisted her head to look back towards me with a pleading look in her eye.  

Deborah, I said, show Ellen your cute clit.  Deborah reach between her spread legs and using her two hands spread herself open even further finally exposing to the light her clit.  Ellen licked her finger and ran the tip over the clit causing Deborah to shutter under her touch.

Just as Ellen was about to lower her head to lick Deborah's pussy, there was a sudden noise on the stairs.  Both women jumped and grabbed some clothing attempting to cover themselves.  

Jerry came bounding into view, saying, sorry to bust in on you, but was talking to my friend and he just didn't believe, so we're here to prove who's right and who's wrong.

Come on Allen, he said, it's okay.  As Allen emerged from the dark stairwell, Deborah screamed NOoooooooooo! and fell to the chair sobbing.  Ellen rushed to her side, asking what was wrong.  Between sobs, Deborah managed to say first, my son, and then my stepson.

As Deborah cried, I quickly called Jerry over, still leaving all the devices to continue their recordings.  What's this about, I asked him.

Allen's her step-son, and he didn't believe, but said he'd like to fuck her given the chance, so here we are, grinned Jerry adding, I see you also have Mrs. Green here too.  

Okay Jerry, I said, have fun.  Just remember that we're playing to the camera, okay he said.  And remember, I quietly added, they are here not because they want to be.  Okay, he said again, winking.

Mrs. Green, began Jerry, drop that whatever it is, and let me see your titties.  Ellen didn't move a muscle, but stood there staring at Jerry.  You heard me, said Jerry, I want to see your tits and then I'll look at your pussy and decide if I want to fuck it.

Deborah still sniffling and sobbing a little & remained crouched to Ellens side.  Shut up Deborah, bellowed Jerry.  Deborah, surprised by the tone and sound of Jerry took a few last sniffs and quieted down.  

Now, said Jerry to Ellen, your tits.  Ellen looked towards me and I nodded my head in approval.  She received the message and tossed the fabric to the side revealing her boobs.

Allen, asked Jerry, what do you think or do you want to see Mommy's tits?  Allen didn't answer, so Jerry continued, come on Deborah, stand up and lets have Allen see what his Dad's been fucking.  

Deborah looked to Jerry, then to Allen before standing and allowing the skirt she had grabbed to fall away as she did so.  You've got nice tits Deborah...doesn't she Ellen, asked Jerry.

Ellen didn't answer as Jerry continued, okay ladies, it's titty inspection time.  Put your hands behind your head and stick those tits out.

Ellen put her hands behind her head and locked her fingers together per Jerry's instruction.  Deborah was slower to comply, but in doing so, said, Allen please don't...and her voice trailed off as she bit on her lower lip and stared straight ahead.

Jerry stepped forward motioning to Allen to follow him as he began to fondle both Deborah's and Ellen's tit at the same time.  Here, said Jerry to Allen, enjoy Mommy's tit, or would you like Ellen's better?

Allen stepped forward and began to fondle Ellen, then moved to slowly poke a finger into Deborah's tit.  Noooooo, please dont' said Deborah.  

Allen however squeezed Deborah's tit and lowered his lips to her nipple as she tried to hold back her tears.  

Allen, began Jerry, her cunt is a real snapper.  I mean, he continued, when you get your cock into her, that cunt just grabs it and sucks it in further than you think you can go.  Spread you legs Deborah, Jerry commanded her.

Deborah knew better than to object to anything, so she spread her legs as Jerry reach between them and slipped his finger into her.  Not bad he said, but what about you Ellen.  You going to let Deborah get all the cock today?  Come on he said, lets see that fuck hole, and he moved her backwards to a seat.

Ellen sat down and without any direction lifted and spread her legs.  Isn't that sweet said Jerry, adding, Allen, here finger fuck them both at once, then decide man.

Allen reached over and slipped his finger into Ellen's wet hole much to her surprise that he didn't first stroke her lightly causing her to jump a little at the beginning.  

After a minute or two, Allen began to focus on his step-mom, Deborah.  I always wondered about you, he began by saying.  Sometimes I'd hear you giggle in your bedroom and wonder what you and Dad were doing, now it's my turn to make you giggle, he continued.  
   
Please no, said Deborah, don't do anything you'll regret later.  Come here and suck my cock, Allen commanded.  Do you like to suck cock, he asked, but Deborah didn't answer.

Jerry, Allen called out, Mom any good at giving head?  Then turning to Ellen, he asked, what about you, Mom give a good tongue-lashing?  I don't know, Ellen whispered in response.  

You don't know, said Allen, well Mommy lets see you make Ellen beg.  Oh no, please began Deborah once again, but this time Allen smacked her on the ass adding, cover her cunt with your mouth and french her good.

Deborah whimpered as she moved between Ellen's open legs.  As her lips met Ellen's someone quipped, bet we all get A's from now on.  This remark caught Ellen off guard and snapped her back into reality of just who she was and what was going on.

She suddenly screamed, No, please let me go, I can't I shouldn't, this isn't right. I was taken off guard myself and stepped in.  What's wrong, I asked the naked Ellen as she tried to cover her tits with her hands and crossed her legs.

Please, she said, these are boys, I'm...you know The Board.  I sat down next to her and reached out and pushed one hand away and held her tit in my hand as I stroke her nipple with my thumb.  Please don't, she said, trying to pull away from me, but I pinched her nipple and pull her towards me.

Will you fuck my dog, I asked.  What, NO, said Ellen.  Then will you fuck these 2 boys?  No, please, I've done too much harm already.  Okay, I said, then leave.  You mean, she started to say, and I gave a final pinch and pull on her tit and she started to stand up.

Yea, I said, go on, get out of here.  With that, she started to reach for her discarded cloths.  Whoa, I said, if you want your cloths, then you'll have to earn them.  Ellen's moment of joy suddenly turned sour and it was written all over her face.  

What do you want, I asked.  My skirt and blouse she said, you can keep the rest she remarked.  So your going to walk around without any underwear on I said.  Think that is lady like, I asked.  

Please, said Ellen, I would like to leave. Very well, I said, leave.  But my cloths, I can't go like this.  Well, I said, you could scoot from the house to your car, drive home and go into your house.  

I can't she said, it's Saturday and people may be at my house, oh please, I'm begging you, give me my cloths.

I'll sell them to you, I said.  Okay, I've got cash in my purse, I'll get it.  Sorry, Mrs. Green, I said, remember cash has no value here.  I'll sell you your blouse for 3 blow jobs, one of which you can't swallow, but need to push the cum it into Deborah's pussy.

Ellen's eyes doubled in size when she heard this, but that was her only reaction.  

Your skirt will cost you consuming 12" of cock.  Now whatever you can't handle in your cunt, I continued will be put up your ass or if you don't like these conditions, I said, you're welcome to just stay and fuck as you're told.  Now, what's it going to be, I demanded?

I want to go, said Ellen, glaring back at me.  Okay, I said, and moved to the back of the room where I picked up a long dildo and returned to her.

Here I said, handing her the hard rubber object.  Ellen looked at it noticing that there were painted strips going around at one-inch intervals.  I counted off the 12 inches and said this is the price of your skirt as she stared wide eyed seeing what 12 inches really looks like.

I, I, she hesitated, I can't she started to say, but I said, you put it in, or we put it in, and we won't know when its too much.  Please, she said again, but began looking to make herself available.  Soon she was seated and brought her legs up.

I moved a camera in front of her and reminded her that I expected explicit answers.  Ellen said okay and looked directly at the camera.  

What is your name, I began.  Ellen, Ellen Green.
And your husband is?  Spencer Green.
And why are you naked?  I'm trying to earn my cloths back.
What do you do?  I'm an elected member of the school board.
Does the board know about this?  No!
You like your tits played with?  Yes.
What about your pussy?  You mean, yes, I like to be touched.
Show me.  Ellen began to rub and finger herself.
You show your husband your pussy like this?  No.
You like Deborah?  Yes, she is a nice person.
Think she has nice tits?  Yes, she is attractive.
Don't stop playing with your pussy.  OK
Want to suck on Deborah's tits?  If you want me to, I will
Would you want to?  Yes

Deborah, I said, feed Ellen one of your tits.  Deborah moved and bent over hanging one of her tits in front of Ellen, who tilted her head back and began licking and sucking on her.

Jerry, I said, fuck Ellen.  Jerry moved over to Ellen and slammed his cock into her with one thrust as I positioned the camera to capture each and every move.

When Ellen was filled with Jerry's cum draining from her pussy, I shut the camera and removed the tape.  Watch this, I said to Ellen as I put the tape into its container and then taped it shut.  Write you name on this I said, handing her a pen.

When it was completed Ellen handed it back to me.  Okay, here's the offer I said.  You have 2 ways of getting this tape and 2 weeks to do it.

Ellen sat there totally naked and looked at me as I spoke.  You introduce another lady to me with a decent figure willing to take your place in here for these fun and games.  She should be h/w proportioned, over 40 and married.  Ellen started to say something, but I held up my hand stopping her.

If you don't find anyone, or choose not to find anyone, then you can expect to be fucked by the dog, or maybe a good size cock from another animal or someone or something that you can enjoy.

Either way, you get this tape, sealed with your signature and you're free to go.  The only thing you'll have to worry about is fucking Jerry if he wants to fuck you again.  Right now I don't think Allen wants to fuck you at all.  And, I don't believe Deborah will bother you.

Now, I continued, if you don't take either of these options, then I'll break the seal, edit the tape and see how well it does in the local market for a start, maybe even offering some samples for promotional purposes.  Now, do we understand one another, I asked?  Yes, she whispered. 

Now, since we're behind the camera, I want you to give me a blowjob before you start to dress and leave.  Ellen got on her knees and undid my pants fishing out my cock which she began to stroke then lick, kiss and suck.  It wasn't too long before I was fucking her face as she took all 8" of cock down here throat where I finally exploded and drained my balls into her. 

Afterwards as Ellen began to dress, Jerry began fucking Deborah along side of her.  How do you propose I find this woman, asked Ellen?  Don't know I said, but maybe when all you women gather to gab with one another you'll notice and hear her above all the rest.   

Ellen finished dressing and was doing the final straightening of her cloths when Jerry called to her saying, I'll give you a call in a few weeks so we can get together and fuck.  

The color drained from Ellen's face and at that she turned and stormed out of the basement.  We all then turned out attention to Deborah who in a very short time was left exhausted and spread eagle on the sofa with her stepson lapping her swollen and tender lips.

After everyone left I sat down and began to review the tape making notes of how and where to edit it so that I'd have a unique remembrance for my collection.

A week passed and four days into the next the phone rang.  Answering it I was greeted with a very nervous, yet, lyrical voice.  Hello, this is Betty and Ellen from the school board suggested that I call you.

****to be continued****