
WHAT DO YOU WANT, ALYSSA?

By Ciad


BEFORE YOU READ FURTHER:
This story is written for adults and contains graphic depictions of sex.
It is a work of fiction and any similarities with real live persons are 
coincidental.  Only read this text if it is legal for you to do so with 
respect to both your age and location.


PREVIOUSLY
Alyssa and her friend Jamie were out at the nightclub to have some fun.  
The two girls bumped into Marc and Scott.  A kind of attraction evolved 
between Jamie and Marc but Alyssa mostly thought of Scott as an asshole 
and she was generally bored -- at least until Jamie decided to spice up 
the situation while the two girls visited the restroom.  Unfortunately 
Alyssa soon fled and left Jamie in a somewhat revealing situation.


PART 2

Marc laughed and took a sip from his beer while his eyes stayed on the 

blonde woman.

     "What?" she finally asked with an irritated frown.

     "I'm not falling for the brat-routine," Marc replied.

     "The what!?"

     Alyssa came out of the rest rooms and Scott spotted her immediately.  

She stopped.  She was on a public place and she had no panties on.  She was 

virtually naked.  If someone flipped up her skirt, if she fell, if she...  

She felt vulnerable, and horny.  And Jamie was just behind her...  She 

quickly caught Scott's gaze and after an initial impulse to go the other 

way Alyssa started walking towards Scott and Marc.  

     "Lets dance?" she asked when she stood in front of Scott.  She grabbed 

his hand, pulling him with her without really waiting for his reply.



Jamie stopped as soon as she realized Alyssa was not waiting outside the 

restroom, but she never noticed Alyssa and Scott leaving for the dance 

floor.  She cursed Alyssa for being an idiot while her eyes kept searching 

all the faces around her.  "Isn't that Marc?" she thought as her eyes stuck 

on a tall, blonde guy in the bar.  "Marc without Scott..." She started to 

make her way over to Marc.  As she reached him she had to tap his shoulder 

to get his attention.  He was busy picking up some blonde that seemed more 

interested in humiliating him with harsh comments.  He seemed to love it.

     "Marc?" Jamie asked impatiently.

     "Yeah?" he replied slowly turning her way.  "Hey there..."

     "Have you seen Alyssa?  Is she with Scott?"

     "Wait..." Marc turned back to the blonde.  "Listen, Kate," he 

continued.  "Do you have e-mail?"

     "Who's that?" Kate asked and nodded towards Jamie.

     "Just a friend."

     "Just a friend, huh?"

     Marc noticed that she was biting her lower lip in hesitance and he was 

mentally rubbing his hands.  This was going way better than he could have 

expected.

     "I can give you my e-mail," Kate said while going through her purse 

in chase of a pencil but Marc produced one before she found hers.  He 

opened the notebook on an empty page and held it open while giving her the 

pen.

     "Let's see what you can do with it," she commented dryly.

     "Write down your phone number as well," Marc replied.

     She gave him a quick glance before she lowered her eyes and kept 

writing.

     "Thank you, Kate," Marc smiled as he took the notebook and guided 

Jamie out of the crowd around the bar counter.  "So, what's on your heart?" 

he asked while they walked.



Just as Alyssa and Scott entered the dance floor the DJ put on a slow 

ballad.  Alyssa swallowed and turned to Scott, well aware things were 

moving faster than she wanted them to.  "I'm not backing out now," she 

thought and wrapped her arms around Scott's neck.  "Besides, I'm single..."

     Scott smiled as Alyssa leaned into him.  He wrapped his arms around 

her waist, careful not to pull her too close or make her feel trapped.  He 

figured Alyssa for the kind of woman that needed more coaxing than a simple 

round on the dance floor, even if it happened to be cheek-to-cheek.

     Alyssa felt Scott's arms around her waist.  He was soft but still 

firm.  She moved closer to him and when she could feel his body against her 

belly she felt a rush of heat and every move she made, she could feel the 

shooting sensation of wet flesh against wet flesh between her thighs.  She 

took a deep, shivering breath and clenched her teeth.



Marc suddenly stopped and pointed towards the dance floor.  Jamie looked in 

the direction he pointed and noticed Alyssa and Scott locked in an embrace.

     "Wanna join them?" Marc asked.

     "No," Jamie shook her head.  "I'm not in the mood for dancing right 

now."

     She looked around.

     "Okay," Marc said.

     "Too many people," Jamie smiled and took his hand.  "Let's sit."

     She pulled him with her towards an empty table in a shadowed corner of 

the room.

     "Let's talk," she added and sunk down on the sofa.

     "Okay," Marc sat beside her.  "About what?"

     "Those two?" Jamie nodded towards Alyssa and Scott.

     "What about them?" Marc asked and placed his arm on the backrest 

behind Jamie's neck.  He touched one of Jamie's wisps of hair.

     "Think they will kiss?" she turned towards him.

     "Don't look away," he replied and nodded towards the dance floor.



Scott combed his fingers through Alyssa's long hair.  He moved his head 

back and looked down at her.  Her face was up turned, her eyes closed and 

as he touched her hair again, her lips parted slightly.

     "Your hair is so soft," he mumbled.

     She opened her eyes.  He leaned closer.  She leaned closer.  Their 

eyes closed again as their lips met in a soft caress.  Alyssa's embrace 

around Scott's neck hardened and it seemed almost as if she was going to 

climb up on him as she pressed even closer and parted her lips wider.

     Scott's reply wasn't late in coming and he pulled her even harder to 

him and kissed her once more.  When he felt her tongue caressing his, 

things started happening in his pants and he knew Alyssa would know what 

was going on in a couple of seconds.  He was looking forward to her 

reaction.



Jamie leaned close to Marc, placing her mouth just beside his ear.  He was 

still watching Alyssa and Scott on the dance floor.

     "Do you think they will kiss?" Jamie asked again, this time she licked 

his earlobe.

     Marc followed the double meaning of her words immediately and turned 

to her.  "If you keep that up: sure!"

     Jamie smiled and slid into his lap gracefully.  She couldn't straddle 

him, her mini skirt wouldn't allow her to part her legs enough but she sat 

on top of him, her legs to one side, resting on the sofa, and twisted her 

upper body.

     "Nice," Marc smiled and grabbed her ass.

     She gasped followed by a laugh and bit his lower lip.  When she wanted 

to move away Marc placed his palm on her neck and pushed her back into a 

kiss.  She squirmed in his embrace, and he moaned into their kiss when he 

could feel Jamie's firm ass grinding into his crotch.  His hand slid over 

her thigh and when his palm rested on her knee she parted her legs as much 

as her skirt would allow.

     "My God," Marc moaned and broke into a laugh.

     "Good," Jamie replied, took his face between her palms and kissed him 

once more.



Scott and Alyssa broke their kiss, both were breathing heavily and Alyssa 

sighed as she could feel a tingling sensation allover her skin.  She ground 

into Scott, hoping he would let his hands slide lower, maybe even under her 

skirt.  What would he think if he found out she wore no panties?  She bit 

her lower lip.

     "Touch my ass," she mumbled into his ear, not looking at him.  

Immediately after the words left her mouth she hoped he hadn't heard her.  

Scott looked down at her.  He had heard all right.

     "Why?" he asked without blinking.

     "Don't you want to?"

     "No."

     Alyssa stopped moving and stared at Scott.  "What?"

     "What makes you think you're the only one deciding the pace?" Scott 

laughed.

     Alyssa gasped but swallowed her reply and decided to use mental 

warfare instead.  Tell him about her panties and leave after he'd gotten a 

touch.

     "I don't have any panties," she batted her eyes up at him.

     "You're kinda sluttish, huh?"

     Alyssa blushed furiously but she shook her head and swallowed down her 

anger.

     "If we move over in that corner," she nodded at a dark corner of the 

dance floor.  "You can crop a feel."

     "How about, we try to locate Marc and Jamie instead?" Marc replied 

calmly and took Alyssa's hand.

     Furious, but unable to speak or resist, Alyssa allowed Scott to lead 

her off the dance floor.  She had virtually given him her pussy on a plate 

and he had refused to take it.  Was he gay?  She thought about the kiss and 

decided that he probably wasn't.  Was he playing a game?  Surely.



Marc's hand slid higher and higher along the inside of Jamie's thigh and 

while they kept kissing with passion and hunger his fingers finally found 

her smooth wetness.  At first he was unsure what he really felt but when 

one of his fingers slid into her slit and was encased by wet, hot skin he 

broke their kiss and looked at her.

     "You're certainly dressed for the occasion," he grinned widely.

     Jamie didn't reply, instead she slid down between Marc and the inner 

wall and tugged her skirt up until her crotch was fully exposed in the 

quick flashes of light that occasionally hit them from the dance floor.

     "Can you make me cum without anyone noticing?" Jamie mumbled into his 

ear.

     "It depends," Marc replied.  "Are you loud?"

     Jamie hit his arm but immediately followed by kissing him and parting 

her legs.  "Kiss me silent," she replied and ground her crotch at his 

returning hand.

     Just as Marc was about to start caress Jamie she grabbed his arm and 

held it still.  She stretched her throat and stared past him.  When he 

turned his head he could see what Jamie had seen:  A guard making his 

rounds.  The guard approached them and Jamie placed her purse on top of 

Marc's hand and her bared crotch.

     "Everything okay?" the guard asked.

     "Sure," Marc replied as he slid a finger into Jamie who opened her 

mouth and gasped.

     "Make sure she takes it easy... with the liquor," the guard grunted to 

Marc with a nod at Jamie, before he turned his back and left.

     "He knows," Marc breathed but he didn't remove his hand.

     "I don't care," Jamie groaned in response.  "Just make me cum!"



Alyssa spotted Marc and after a second look she recognized Jamie's pale 

white leg over his lap.  Were they fighting?  Alyssa hurried closer, 

followed by Scott who had also recognized them.  When the next flash from 

the lights played over Marc and Jamie Alyssa came to a dead halt, Scott 

almost rushed into her back.  Alyssa could clearly see where Marc had his 

fingers; Jamie's pink pussy lips were shimmering with moist, they were 

parted and at least two of Marc's fingers were buried between them.

     The light disappeared.  Alyssa turned around, her gaping mouth covered 

behind her hands.  When Scott wanted to look over her shoulder at the scene 

in the sofa corner, she spun him around and stared at him with dark eyes.

     "Don't you dare," she hissed.

     He smiled and when they both could hear a muffled scream from Jamie 

over the music his smile turned into a broad grin.  Alyssa started to 

become affected by the increasingly desperate cries from Jamie and she got 

wetter.  She met Scott's steady gaze and a flash image of how she just 

pushed him down in the sofa, straddled him, tore his fly open...  She 

swallowed.  He raised his eyebrows in a quizzical expression and she 

lowered her eyes.

     Suddenly the one of Jamie's legs that was lying in the sofa jumped.  

Her other leg was probably kicking as well because the table suddenly shook 

and the furniture almost tilted over.  Neither Jamie nor Marc seemed to 

bother much since they kept doing what they were doing, but Scott grabbed 

Alyssa by her waist and sat her on top of the table.

     Alyssa cried out as she felt the cold of the tabletop against her 

naked buttocks.  Her skirt had made a perfect circle on the table around 

her.  "I'm gonna leave a wet spot," she thought and wanted to slide off the 

table but Scott already stood between her legs and stopped her.  She saw 

the shimmer in his eyes and before she could stop him he placed his palms 

on her thighs and slid them under her skirt.

     Just as Alyssa was about to stop Scott, Jamie gave another cry of 

pleasure and the table shook from another kick.  Alyssa jumped and had to 

lean on her hands or she would lose her balance.  Scott's thumbs slid deep 

between her thighs and rubbed over her already engorged clit.  Alyssa 

jumped again, but this time she slid closer to Scott wrapping her arms and 

legs around him, leaning her head on his shoulder.  He moved his hands 

between her legs and stroked his fingertips along her slit.

     "Oh god!" Alyssa groaned and forced herself to check that no one was 

approaching, but when Scott slid his fingers into her, all the time 

caressing her clit in small, gentle circles she closed her eyes again and 

groaned.

     "This is insane," she whispered but she couldn't force herself to stop 

Scott, the feeling was just too good.

     Scott kept moving his thumb, around, around and around, now and then 

pulling his hand back and pushing his fingers back into her deeply.  Alyssa 

forced herself to keep still, fearing Scott's thumb would disappear if she 

obeyed her impulses to hump and squirm.

     "How about heading back to your place?" Alyssa suddenly heard Jamie's 

voice just beside her ear.

     "Uhh soon," Alyssa replied and kept concentrating on Scott's moving 

thumb.

     "You'd better stop unless you have a really good explanation to 

deliver to the guard approaching us with a pretty determined expression," 

Jamie continued with an amused tone in her voice.

     Scott's thumb disappeared and Alyssa had just enough time to open her 

eyes and arrange her skirts before the guard was down on them.



Alyssa poured hot water into the ceramic pot while Jamie opened one of the 

cupboards and looked over its contents.

     "Anyone want toast?" she asked Marc and Scott who had been pushed 

aside and placed on chairs by the table.  "The kitchen is small enough 

without you two being in the way," Alyssa had snorted and ordered them to 

sit.

     "Sure," Marc replied.

     Scott simply nodded and smiled at Alyssa who placed the teapot in 

front of him.

     "Marmalade?" Jamie asked from the cupboard.

     "Anything you offer baby," Marc laughed.

     Jamie straddled him and grabbed his hair, pulled his head back and 

caressed her lips against his.

     "Anything?" she asked.

     "No," Marc smiled.  "If you offer to spank me I'll protest..."

     "Really?"

     "Not even if it makes you excited..."

     "And if it does?"

     "I'll offer to spank you."

     Alyssa sat by the table and cleared her throat.  "You two want any 

tea?"

     "Sure," Jamie smiled, rose, turned around and sat back in Marc's lap.

     "Um," Marc mumbled as Jamie ground her ass into him but he managed to 

hold his mug still as Alyssa poured him some tea even though Jamie leaned 

back and bit his ear.

     "Hey," he protested and put his tea mug down.  "I'm trying to drink 

tea here!"

     "So?"

     "So, can you keep still?"

     "What if I'm interested in you doing something completely else than 

drinking tea?"

     "Such as?"

     Alyssa and Scott were making sandwiches and drinking tea, while 

silently watching Jamie and Marc.  When Jamie leaned back again, reaching 

up for Marc's chin and licking it Alyssa stopped, her mug in her hand a 

decimeter above the tabletop.

     "Such as, take me now or loose me forever!"

     Everybody in the kitchen, including Marc, stared at Jamie as she got 

off Marc's lap, took his tea mug and placed it on the table.  Then she took 

one of Marc's hands and pulled him with her out of the kitchen and into the 

living room.

     Scott's eyes followed Jamie and Marc while Alyssa stared into the 

tabletop.  When he turned back looking at her, she felt like she wanted to 

crouch and hide.

     "She's quite... um... hot..." Scott said and nodded at the kitchen 

door.

     "I'm not going to sleep with you," Jamie interrupted him before she 

took a deep drink of her tea.

     "Okay," Scott replied slowly.  "It's not like my pants are down, is 

it?"

     "Sorry, I just don't want you to think..."

     Scott didn't reply, but he looked at her.

     "Since the sofa probably will be occupied you can share my bed," 

Alyssa continued.  "If you promise to keep on your side."

     "I don't live too far away from here," Scott replied.

     "Don't be silly," Alyssa dismissed his suggestion.  "I don't mind 

having you in my bed...  if you behave."

     "Okay," Scott raised his hands.  "I promise to behave!"

     "Sorry," Alyssa blushed and rose.  "You finished?"

     "Yeah."

     "Okay," Alyssa took the marmalade and butter and put them away.  "If 

you finish here," she continued.  "I'll fix the bed."

     "I'll do that," Scott smiled at her before she left.

     Alyssa stopped in the dark hallway.  She could clearly see what was 

going on behind the closed glass doors to the living room -- the lamps in 

the bookcase were still on; Marc was reclining on the sofa and Jamie was 

kneeling between his parted legs.  She held his large hard-on and while 

Alyssa watched she bent down and licked from the root to the top.

     Jamie closed her mouth around the head of Marc's shaft and took it 

deep.  Marc jumped and Alyssa could hear his groan.  She swallowed and 

forced herself to ignore the surge in the pit of her stomach.  She wanted 

to turn away, to leave, but instead her eyes refused to leave the image of 

Jamie's mouth moving up and down along Marc's dick.

     Marc stared down at the vision of his cock disappearing into Jamie's 

mouth.  Her green eyes shimmered up at him.  Her copper hair framed her 

face; fell in front of her green eyes.  The colors mixed.  She was a 

gorgeous woman, and she knew how to give a blowjob.  Marc swallowed and 

realized he would come unless he did something.  He pushed Jamie away from 

his cock, into the sofa, and down on her back.

     "This I've longed to do since I saw you the first time," he mumbled, 

pushed her skirt up and buried his face between her thighs.

     Jamie opened her mouth to reply but when she felt how his tongue 

swirled over the sensitive skin of her crotch her eyes closed and her mouth 

opened wider in a silent cry.  She fell back on the sofa and parted her 

legs wider, giving in totally to the soft, caressing sensation of Marc's 

tongue as he explored her every nook and cranny.  Soon his hands and 

fingers joined his mouth and tongue and Jamie gasped loudly when she felt 

one of Marc's fingers sliding into her sensitive pussy.



Alyssa suddenly noticed Scott behind her back.  He was watching Jamie and 

Marc.

     "They would probably be alarmed if they saw us ogling them," Scott 

mumbled.

     "Not Jamie," Alyssa replied.

     "Well," Scott smiled.  "Marc Neither... You think they want an 

audience?"  He placed his hand on the doorknob.

     "I'm tired," Alyssa breathed while she backed away from him.  Finally 

she turned and escaped into her bedroom.  Scott shrugged and followed her.  

He was fascinated by this woman's double nature; one moment she was a slut, 

the next as innocent as a virgin.  When he entered the room, Alyssa was 

threading a blanket into a duvet cover.

     "Need help?" he asked.

     She shook the blanket and it neatly filled the cover.  "Nah," she 

replied.

     "I'm impressed!" Scott joked.

     "I'm good at making my bed," Alyssa replied.

     "Are you good at sleeping in it too?"

     "As long as it doesn't..." Alyssa fell silent.  She opened her mouth 

as if to add something more but the silent moment grew.  "You can take the 

left side," she mumbled and pointed at the bed before she grabbed her 

nightie and escaped into the bathroom.

     When Alyssa returned Scott was lying in the bed, the cover reached him 

to his waist and she got a strange feeling he was naked underneath.  

Scott's eyes caressed her breasts as they jiggled slightly under the flimsy 

material of her gown.  If he looked closely and used a little imagination 

he could even make out her dark areolas.  Alyssa quickly slid under her 

cover as if hiding from his glances.  The bed was wide enough to fit them 

both without problems, but that was just barely.



Jamie writhed, squirming her hips, stroking her thighs against Marc's head.  

Her hands grabbed at the sofa pillows while Marc's insistent licking made 

her body twitch and shake.  Her mouth opened in a silent scream.  Her legs 

trembled as she grabbed her knees and pulled them up as far as they would 

go.  Marc kept licking, and licking and finally she arced her back and with 

a hoarse groan she reached her peak.

     Marc licked her through her whole climax.  Her pleasure subsided some 

but the carving was still there and soon she reached down for him.  Grabbed 

his shoulders and pulled.  He looked up at her.

     "Wait," he mumbled, sat in the sofa and started getting rid of his 

clothes.  Jamie did the same and soon she stood in front of him naked.  His 

eyes caressed over her well-toned, firm flesh.

     "God!" he mumbled and picked out a rubber from his jeans on the floor.  

His hands were shaking.

     Jamie smiled and sunk down on the sofa again.  Marc tore the package 

open and tried to get the condom on his pulsing cock.  When he looked up, 

Jamie slowly parted her legs.  His eyes were glued at her smoothly shaved 

pussy lips.  She spread her legs wider, and her lips parted and he could 

see her moist, pink flesh and a rush of maddening heat rose in him.  He 

managed to get the rubber rolled all the way down to the root of his shaft.

     "Come," Jamie mumbled but Marc was already over her, between her legs, 

searching for her entrance.  "Come, get... aaahhhhhh!"

     She was suddenly filled with hard, hot flesh.  He bore into her, gave 

her a firm feeling of penetration, stretched her.  She threw her head back, 

opened her mouth, and closed her eyes.  She needed to scream at the top of 

her lungs but somehow she managed to contain the scream and while a chain 

of small but exquisite explosions of pleasure filled her like bubbles, she 

whimpered and wrapped both legs and arms around the man on top of her, and 

inside her.



Alyssa stared into the ceiling.  She wondered what Scott had been able to 

see before she got under her cover.  Suddenly she could hear a muffled 

groan from the living room, she was pretty sure it was Jamie.  What would 

Scott think?  Could he hear her?  Alyssa glanced at him.  She couldn't tell 

if he had heard or not.  Jamie groaned again and Alyssa's gaze jumped back 

to the ceiling.  While Jamie kept sounding from the other room Alyssa felt 

how the wetness between her legs returned.  She couldn't help but wondering 

if Scott was getting hard, and if he was naked under the cover.

     Suddenly Scott rose on his elbow and Alyssa bolted from him with a low 

cry.  Scott moved back and looked at her with amused bafflement.  She 

immediately realized how odd her reaction must have seemed.

     "I'm sorry," she mumbled and touched his shoulder.  "You scared me."

     "I'm sorry," he replied and stroke a wisp of her hair out of her face.  

He did it almost absentmindedly and Alyssa wasn't even sure he knew what he 

was doing.  She could feel how throbbing need spread in her stomach and 

between her legs.  She ground her thighs together, rubbing her clit between 

them.  Did Scott know? had he seen? she had no panties on?  She had 

forgotten to bring any with her into the bathroom and when she got back she 

felt self-conscious about getting a new pair.  Once again she wondered if 

Scott was naked under his cover.

     She looked at him and their gazes locked.  Scott moved closer and she 

knew he was going to kiss her.  Suddenly her courage failed her and with a 

low moan she buried her face in her pillow.  However, Scott wouldn't allow 

her such an easy escape and she could feel how he buried his fingers in her 

hair by the back of her head, and firmly, but gently, he started pulling 

her head up and turning it towards him.  

     A new gush of lubrication made her whole crotch wet and slippery at 

the same time as her nipples grew hard, and when she opened her eyes she 

met Scott's calm gaze.  She let go of any remaining pretences and moved in 

for the kiss but Scott held her back.

     His grip on her hair was not so gentle this time and the hollowness of 

her need mixed with pain from her hair roots.  She mewled, from the odd but 

potential mix of sensations, and when Scott leaned over her to kiss her she 

welcomed him, even pulled him hard into the kiss.  When their lips and 

tongues met she finally felt good about not wearing any panties; it would 

be much easier to do what she wanted... get him into her.



Jamie was pulling her legs back, making it possible for Marc to go even 

deeper.  He increased the speed, delirious with the soft sensation of her 

warm, welcoming grasp.

     "Oh god!" he groaned.

     Jamie was tossing her head from side to side, trying to keep as silent 

as she could, but when Marc's movements in her picked up speed and became a 

blurred mix of filling and leaving, a low but continuous cry started 

growing in her throat.

     "Are you close?" Marc breathed.

     "Oh shit!  Yes!  Fuck!  Yes!" Jamie finally cried.

     Marc cried with pleasure and started to pound into her with no other 

purpose than that of reaching his own climax.  His hair was damp and his 

back was covered with a soft sheen of sweat.  She could feel his hips 

brushing against the inside of her thighs as he fucked her, his groin 

slapping into hers with each penetration, his chest pressing against her 

nipples, making them even harder.

     They kissed, tongues caressing into their mouths, while their bodies 

stopped in their pounding movements for a couple of seconds, arced and 

strained to penetrate, engulf, as much as possible.  Then their lips 

parted.

     "Now!" Jamie whispered.

     Marc slowly pulled back then pushed into her again, bit by bit, going 

deeper and deeper.  His pleasure threatened to boil over and he had to pull 

back again.  Jamie was as close to coming as he was and she pushed up 

against him, her butt not even resting on the sofa anymore.

     Marc was trying to hold back, to prolong the pleasure just a little 

bit more.  He looked down at Jamie, into her wide-open and unseeing eyes; 

moist was making them shimmer with pleasure.  She humped up at him and he 

could feel his cock sliding deep into her.

     With a scream he fell down on top of her, grabbing her hard, almost 

digging his nails into her shoulders as he pounded hard, and deep into her 

making her gasp, groan, finally scream, with each violent penetration.  She 

felt how all her senses seemed to explode, expand, and swell even outside 

herself.  A tingling, itching feeling was filling her, flowing from the 

roots of the hairs on her head and all the way down to her toes, growing 

strong in her back and belly.  Her thighs and even her palms were tingling.  

Then the itch became fire and the fire consumed her and she screamed and 

whimpered and the world was filled with nothing else than her orgasm.




                        ~ TO BE CONTINUED ~

