ORFANS

My Final Examination of a Girl

BY PENT

Note 5

I myself do give each girl at the Great Orfanage a most thorough
examination in her last year when she be near ready to leave the
Great Orfanage at age eleven or twelve.

I do these examinations in my private chambers after that the
day's work is done so there will be no interruption. I can then
see that she has indeed learned all she should so as to please
her future masters in the World, which does include the way she
does respond to a spanking.

I do see she does carry a small container of grease at all times
to ease the entry to her bottom and is able to apply it quick;
and always to fall on the ground or the bed with her bottom
upwards and her skirt lifted as if by accident.

I myself teach her any further of the personal arts that she may
need, such as making some modest protestation but without any
great noise before that she succumbs to a man's ardour.

The girl, be she eleven or twelve, does come to me in the evening
freshly clean both inside and out, after a hot tub with some
little perfume in the water, which do give her a proper feeling
for this special occasion like unto the graduation ceremonies at
our universities.

After my spanking I do lay her over my knees and stroke her
bottom to ease her pain, in the way she is used to; at the same
time I start to fondle her rosebud with a well greased finger.

I look all the time at her eyes to see it does give her pleasure
and that I do not proceed too quick. My finger will slowly gain
admittance after some minutes of play and I move it slowly in and
out until my finger is fully up into her bottom.

After that she has become comfortable with my finger fully into
her I do withdraw it and begin to make entrance with my thumb,
moving it from side to side. My thumb does need to slide fully in
before I will proceed to the next step.

This whole fondling and first entrance of a man into the girl's
bottom must be gentle but firm and never be hastened and may take
much time, talking softly to her the nonce to allay any
nervousness she may have while I do keep the proper authority of
a doctor over his young patient.

When that my thumb has entered completely into her bottom, I
leave it there and do move it slightly all the time until she is
fully at ease with it.

I then remove my thumb from her bottom and have her stand and
bend over the side of my table so I can see the entrance to her
bottom between her lovely cheeks.

I carefully grease my rampant yard and place its head right
central on her nether lips. While I stroke her bottom with my
hands and speak all the time softly to her, I do rock on my feet
to press for entrance to her bottom, telling her of the medical
need for this procedure and beseeking her help to open the way.

Following entry of my thumb, her sphyncter is already prepared
sufficient to open so far again without pain to her for the
coming hour and it only remains for her to relax herself so she
enjoy the pleasure to the full.

With the movements in and out of her bottom by my greased yard,
it does slowly penetrate to the full length that she can take,
and she will by this time be moaning and purring like unto cream
for a cat with the joy of it.

To be more comfortable to us both, we may now move to the bed
where she will lie on her stomach and I do again slide my yard up
into her lovely round bottom. I do ensure that she does reach the
full ecstasy of orgasm this way by teasing her clitoris also if
need be, so she does know the pleasures that do lie in store for
her whole future, and I myself do dearly enjoy the tight firm
grip of her young rectum as it draws my sperm in a full and
satisfying ejaculation, so she does know fully how it will be
when that her new master does enter her thus.

It do place a great burden upon me to do thus with some dozen or
two of girls of age eleven or twelve who leave the Great Orfanage
each year, but I feel it my bounden duty so to do.

Needless to say I do prepare on the previous evenings for each
one of the girls that I examine so, with lobster and oyster too;
but I find nothing can give more stamina to a man than shrimp,
fresh caught and boiled lightly for me that day. The kitchen is
well practiced in preparing me for the exacting work to examine a
girl of eleven or twelve who is soon to depart our doors.

The full necessity for this examination becomes clear when one
remembers that a girl of eleven or twelve whose anus has been
opened so it can take the head of a man's yard, must still have
the bore of her rectum expanded at every point along its length
so his yard can enter to fill her young rectum.

The rectum of a young girl must needs expand as the man's yard
does enter her just as a pig intestine does greatly enlarge as
meat is pressed in to make a sausage.

It is this tight elasticitie of her rectum around his yard along
its whole length that gives such exceeding great pleasure to a
man when that he does penetrate the bottom of a young girl or
boy.

For the girl's part, this firm but gentle stretching of her
rectum until she be completely filled with the man's huge and
rampant yard does give her marvellous pleasure.

One of my young charges after that my yard had entered far into
her bottom did look back at me over her shoulder and say:

"Ooooh! Doctor Browne, that does give a gorgeous feeling that
goes right though me! It is lovely, Doctor Browne!"

I find each girl seems to be closer to me with a bond that lasts
for life after that I have personally examined her in this way so
our passions have slowly mounted until we reach ecstatic orgasm
together.

I am of course the first man in her life to have such intimate
contact with her, which may be a large part of the reason for our
later closeness.

If we meet in later years she will oft ask to repeat what we did
in my chambers, starting with a sound spanking of her lovely
bottom, and then to enter her with gentle love to requite our
passions, and I am alway glad to oblige her.

To Stretch a Girl:

When I find in my examination that any girl can not comfortably
take my yard to fill her, she will need some dilation with a
tapered dille doll and I do use for her the same greased and
tapered cow horn as I do use in the attic room to punish the most
obdurate of our girls, as I describe in Note 8.

I do take the girl up there and have her hold the wood frame to
steady herself as I do grease the cow horn carefully and fill the
sheep stomach with warm water. I make the sash weights heavy
enough to bring the horn up to press the rounded tip of the horn
but gently up into her bottom.

I do make a little of the warm water to flow up into her bottom
to ease her opening with its warmth while I do slowly add to the
sash weights. Over the course of an hour her opening does open
well as the cow horn does slowly slide more and more up into her
bottom to the great pleasure to the girl.

I have the horn marked to show how thick the part that has
entered her and I do encourage the girl to wriggle her bottom
slowly from side to side, and from back to front, so the horn
does enter her bottom more quickly and to her greater pleasure,
until I see it is far enough into her.

I do then remove the horn and she is able to bend and take my
rampant yard easy up into her bottom and does reach orgasm as I
do tease her clitoris to her exceeding great joy.

The bottom of the girl may need to be entered thus once or twice
more on other days to ensure her opening is more relaxed for all
time.

She will then be able to use the tapered dildoll that we give her
to prepare herself at any time so to give pleasure to her master
and to greatly enjoy the doing of this.

Special Training:

It does happen from time to time that one of our great nobility
sends an agent, albeit a gentle man, to observe the behaviour of
the older orfan girls in punishment on his behalf. If he see a
girl with a playful and enticing manner in the spankings, his
lordship himself may grace us with his presence at a window to
view the girl as she is spanked.

I have from time to time been charged with the special training
of such a girl in the amorous arts, with the promise from the
client of a most substantial donation: half a year's expenses of
the Great Orfanage was one time given me by a Duke.

This is excellent for the welfare of all the orfans and I mention
it so a physician in like position will be ready with a
curriculum of training to propose for the chosen orfan girl.

The girl's new master may have too much ardour for lengthy
fondling before entry so I do show each such girl how to use
grease and a dillie doll shaped like a carrot, thin at one end
but quickly enlarging her opening as it does slide in, so she can
first excuse herself to "attend to her toilet" when she will use
the clyster pump, then prepare the opening to her sweet bottom
with this dillie doll so it will be ready to take his yard easie,
for her to enjoy and frolic with her master and pleasure him
fully.

The effect of a dildoll in the opening of the young girl of
eleven or even younger does last for a full hour after she do
this to herself. With her master she will begin ready and
prepared, with her eyes already dancing and flashing in delight
as he does slide his yard full into her bottom.

They will later end with her sweet face flushed and gasping for
breath as they arrive together at ecstatic orgasm and she will
thus give him untold joy and satisfaction so he will never again
desire to visit a whore who would only pretend to such ecstasy.

All these nobles did wish the young orfan girl able to straddle
him, so her knees are on each side as he lie on his back, she
looking either to his face or his feet as she lower her lovely
round bottom on to his stiff yard. Other things too, but this was
the most difficult for a girl of eleven or twelve.

I gave practice to each of these chosen girls full many a time so
she became well able to maintain her playful and loving manner
while giving this pleasure.

I do discreetly inquire of her future master about his size and I
give the girl a collar to place over his stiff yard. It is a ring
of thick rope with soft leather sewn over it.

This of a size to leave only three inch of his yard to penetrate
her bottom. They can thus romp freely while she sits atop his
rampant yard with no fear of pain to her. Each girl and I did
practice thus.

The Duke's Girl:

Jane, the girl that the Duke did take from our orfanage was well
builded with a full round and lovely bottom, a very peach. He
would tell the twelve year old Jane that her bottom was soft like
the inside of a fresh baked loaf and did taste e'en lovlier as he
did then thrust with his tongue deep into her.

For the Duke's extra titillation I did teach Jane to act coy and
teasing as she straddled over him after that he had roundly
spanked her bottom while tied to the bed post.

I did teach Jane to use words such as: "Oh! 'Tis a mighty engine,
your Grace! . . 'Twill split me, I'm sure! . . Let me put plenty
grease on't! . . Now let me try . . . Oh, I can not take it! . .
Let me try again . . it goes in a bit! La, I must have it out and
rest a minute! . . Now let me rock from side to side, it may
help. . There, it goes in some more!" . . and much more of the
same until his Grace's yard had slid slowly up as far as it could
go into Jane's lovely bottom which did grip his manhood exceeding
tight.

I gave Jane thinner rings also for his Grace's yard to enter her
further as she grew able. But whenever Jane did lay on the bed
flat on her face she needed no leather- covered ring, as her
round and succulent bottom itself did give the spacing needed to
stop his yard from going too far in.

Jane's firm cheeks this way did also make extra pressure and
friction on his grace's yard to his great delight she later told
me.

The Duke had become a widower and did take in our orfan girl Jane
of twelve years soon thereafter, and it straightway became her
duty to sleep in his private wing of the castle and assist his
sound sleep.

His Grace had tutors and a riding master for Jane like any royal
Princess and she became most adept at amusing him with her
stories and conversations.

His children grew old waiting for their inheritance; they never
did know that Jane was living there nor could understand how his
Grace continued to live in full health and vigour for so many
long years, until after his death when they read his Last Will
and Testament which did make good provision for Jane.

Jane did still have her maidenhead and did marry a Peer of the
Realm and gave him heirs. 'Twas then much talked of in the coffee
houses, to our great benefit as it did bring many more of Nobles
to our viewing windows with their monies.

Whenever a girl did return to see me after that she had left us
to work in a household she did tell me what had been expected
from her by the master of the house and his friends. It did alway
seem that we had made our girls able to enjoy most all of what
their masters did want them to do, who had taken exceeding
pleasure in their lovely bottoms.

