Todd in the butt / Todd puts the cuck in cuckold
by Fredderf ( copywrite 2012,Fredderf Animericus, Corp.) 
Synopsis: Husband discovers how fucked up his marriage is too late. Todd discovers his wife Kim has
plans for his ass. 
  
  Todd drove home from work thinking about how
hot his wife Kim was and that she'd be home making dinner for him. What he didn't know was that Kim's black boyfriend was taking his time fucking her in the ass. Kim hated getting it in the butt but Devon fucking loved cornholing her. He'd long ago stretched out her 24 year old snatch and needed the tightness of her bunghole as he plunged his 9 thick inches deep in her young, white ass. Today he was enjoying that tightness a little too much and taking his time.
 As Todd pulled into the driveway he saw the repair truck in his parking place and wondered what was wrong.
The sign on the truck said "Pipe King: Plumbing". Todd parked on the street and went in. Hearing the door open downstairs Kim broke away from Devon and grabbed her robe. She told Devon to get his pants on and make like he was working on the bathtub.
Todd heard some noise upstairs just then Kim came out of the bedroom and rushed down the stairs. "We have a leak in the tub upstairs. I got someone to come in", Kim said. "Oh, I could have fixed it." Todd said. "Not this it's bad, this guy took care of it". "OK sounds cool." "Yeah, this guy knows how to lay pipe, I mean fix pipes. I'll get dinner now." Just then Todd heard the door upstairs open and from the landing he saw the huge black man standing at the top of the stairs with a tool bag.
Devon came down and told Todd that the tub was fixed. Todd thanked him for doing the work and asked what he owed him. Devon looked at a clipboard he kept with him in case of such an emergency and said $50.00. Kim emerged from the kitchen still in her robe with Devon's cum leaking from her pussy and asshole. She squirmed wishing the massive black cock was still fucking her cross eyed.
  Devon thanked both of them and left saying that he hoped they would call him again if they needed help with pipes.
After Devon left Todd went upstairs and took a shower. He noticed the plumber had cleaned up nicely after he had finished the work. While he showered Kim snuck in the bedroom and made up the bed her and Devon had been fucking in since 9am that morning. She walked funny from having the huge black dong in her snatch and asshole all day. She knew she reeked of sex, and black cum so she put some perfume on to try and cover the smell coming from her well used pussy and ass.
Her buttcheeks were stuck together from the drying thick cum shot from the horny black man's balls right into her ass. Cum was now oozing out of her bunghole by the gallon but she didn't have time to deal with that now.
Todd emerged from the bathroom just then and saw her bending over the bed. Horny as hell himself he lifted up the back of her robe to reveal her fine young ass. Startled Kim started to stand up but Todd stopped her. He told her he wanted to eat her out and bent down behind her bending her over. WOW! He thought Kim must be really horny she's really moist down here. He told her so and dived into her pussy from behind and noticed the moisture coming from her ass. He asked about her ass and she told him she had been masturbating earlier in the day lying down and the juices must have run down her ass crack.
Todd put out his tongue and dived into her sweet pussy and lapped up the copious pussy juice including the thick cream coming from her ass crack. Her pussy juice was thicker then he remembered then he remembered, but he didn't care the smell and her hot pussy and ass were driving him nuts.
 Kim moaned in pleasure as her husband lapped away at the gallons of thick creamy cum her black lover had left. She thought of how stupid he must really be not to recognize that he was eating another man's jizz and lots of it. He must have been so horny that he didn't notice. Todd, she thought was not the brightest when it came to sex but now she realized just how stupid he must be. Finding her alone in the house with a huge black man and her in just her robe...he must be an idiot but then she thought Well, she had been fucking Devon and two other black guys for months now even before they got married. Why didn't Todd notice how loose her pussy had gotten? Maybe the idiot thought it was his little 5.5" dicklet that had been stretching her once tight pussy. Yeah, she thought he'd think that.
 Todd hungrily slopped up the sweet, thick, juicy cum from between his wife's legs as he worked on her pussy more oozed from her bunghole and dripped down Todd's nose. He lapped away happy as could be feeling his little cock harden
in his robe. The huge amount of cum was making him work harder then ever and his erection began to ooze pre-cum. Little cock throbbing Todd felt himself nearing an orgasm but no he thought just eating out his wife wasn't enough to make him cum, was it? As he sucked out a thick glob of jizz from his lovely wife's snatch the throbbing of his cock was too much and his balls began to tighten at the base of his adequate dick.
Kim could hear Todd grunting from between her legs and just as she looked between her thighs she could she Todd's little cock throbbing and suddenly to her amazement she saw her husband's little dick spit out 3 or 4 little shots of watery cum onto the carpeting. Kim giggled to herself as she thought about her husband cumming, hands free while eating a black man's huge multiple cum loads out of her pussy and ass.
 She decided she could have fun with this and get her husband to help with a problem she was having with Devon.

Part II:
  Kim thought about what to do to help ease her daily anal intrusion by Devon's massive thick cock. Then it came to her and Todd would be the beneficiary of her diabolical idea. He deserved it after all since he had been so stupid all this time
about her and Devon. The tricky part would be getting Devon to go along with it. She would try her plan tonight. 
    That day she went out to the local Adult book store to buy a strap-on dildo and to check out the video booths in the back. Satisfied she could make her plan work she sent a text to Todd saying that she was extra horny and had a new game she wanted to play. "Come home soon" Todd took the bate and sent a message saying he was leaving work early and would be home by 3:00.
Kim then sent a message to Devon and told him to meet her at the book store she had staked out and be prepared to fuck some ass.
When Todd got home Kim met him naked and carrying the strap-on dildo. Todd's eyes bugged out when he saw the huge weapon. Kim had gotten a black one to get Todd used to seeing the monster in black. "Todd, I want to try something new. I want to fuck you and if you really love me you'll let me work this into your asshole." Shocked, Todd thought for a second and remembered that Kim always liked shoving a finger up his butt once in a while and how much he kinda liked it. " Here's the deal though, I want to stick it through the gloryhole at the bookv store and shove it up your ass". Todd thought about it for a minute and asked why there. Kim told him it would be super kinky and they could both get off.
 Todd thought for a minute and decided if that's what she wants I'll try it.
So, they headed out and arrived soon at the book store. Kim had the dildo in her purse and some lube. From the corner of her eye she saw Devon behind some shelves and winked to him. Kim stopped at the entrance to the arcade where the booths were and told Todd to go to the second to the last both, take off all his clothes and wait for her in the next booth. Todd did as he was told and entered the booth, stripped naked and as he did he saw the hole in the wall. It was open and from what he could see the booth was empty Kim had told him to lube up his asshole, bend over and push his ass up to the hole so she could shove the dildo through.
 Out in the book store Kim told Devon that while her husband waited for her in the third booth Devon could ass fuck her through the gloryhole in the second booth. "I'll be lubed up so you just go to town and fuck my ass." Meanwhile Todd felt stupid naked, bent over with his vulnerable asshole in front of a dirty hole in some porn shop.
But it was something kinky and new his wife wanted to try. He would grit his teeth and bare it.
 Kim slipped away from Devon and made sure he didn't see her enter the third booth instead of the second where her stupid husband was waititng to get buttfucked. Little did Todd or Devon know that they were going to be united by Devon's big, thick, and very hard black cock. Poor Todd, Kim thought, he's going to become a fag tonight a real assfag and he doesn't even know it...yet.
  
 Kim heard Devon enter the last booth and soon she new the action would start.
Todd also hear who he thought was Kim enter the next booth and he new his ass would soon be full of that big black dildo Kim had in her purse.  Devon pulled out his massive hard-on made bigger by the kinky scene. Kim waited and she knew Devon liked to ram his cock in hard and fast. Todd could hardly suspect the surprise he was in for. Devon saw the asshole spread out on the other side of the gloryhole and it made him harder thinking of her stupid husband just one more booth down. Devon pulled his cock out and
Worked up some pre-cum on the tip, then he pointed to the anal target ahead and with one mighty thrust rammed his dong into the unsuspecting butthole.
 
 Todd suddenly felt the massive probe ram into his asshole and without ceremony blow past his tight sphincter. Todd let out a load grunt as the hard meat went up his cornhole. Kim giggled as she knew Todd's ass was now being ripped open by her lover. Devon wanted to fuck ass now he could have the time of his life fucking her unknowing husbands ass. Devon thrust in and out of the asshole pulling all the way out then ramming the huge black dong home.Todd looked between his legs past his tiny now strangely hard dick and saw only wat he thought was the huge black dildo his wife had strapped on. Breathless the wind knocked out of him. He could only struggle through the searing pain. His ass was being fucked fast and hard and for some reason his dick was hard and oozing cum. He felt an orgasm building quickly and suddenly he shot out his tiny, watery, little load. Kim could see this through he gloryhole on her side as Todd's now fag ass was converted into a manpussy by Devon's huge manmeat.
 
 Now that he had cum himself Todd's tiny erection faded and the reality of the plunging dong in his ass hit home. Kim knew Devon could last forever and that Todd was in for one Hell of a virgin assfuck. What do I do with Todd now that he is only fit for being a pussy asshole for her black boyfriends? Kim ran many ideas through her head as Devon hit his stride and all poor Todd could do was breathlessly take the massive beef injection. To her surprise she could hear Devon grunting in the way he did before he shoot his big wad. She could tell Devon was picking up his speed by the shaking of poor Todd's tiny cock and balls. Then suddenly a load grunt and thud as Devon began to unload his massive load of babyjuice up Todd's once virgin ass. Todd was shocked by the sounds he hear coming form the booth where he thought his wife was. He thought to call out to her but he was in too much pain to raise his voice. The first flaming hot shots of Devon's load blasted out onto the walls of Todd's bowels and it was then he new something was very wrong. 
 
 Devon grunted and strained as he blew wad after thich,hot wad into this hot ass he'd been plugging. The fucking in the dirty adult bookstore booth sent him over the top and made him cum all the harder. Todd felt blow after hot blow of something up his once tight virgin ass. He had little idea what was going on but he now suspected it must be a new kind of dildo that shot hot liquid like cum. But on the other side Devon was still at the height of his orgasm. Five, six, seven squirts of his thick creamy cum shot like a canon into Todd's butt.
 After a while it was over. Devon pulled his still semi-hard cock out of Todd's asshole and the gloryhole, shook it off and pulled up his pants. Kim knew Devon would be heading out so she exited the booth she was in and rubbing her ass as if she had been the fuckee walked with Devon out into the store. "I'll call you when we get home. Todd must be still watching a movie in there."
Todd lay on the floor of his booth with his hand on his now wide open butthole. He felt like crying from the massive invasion into his now well fucked asshole but he knew he had to face Kim. Kim opened the booth and saw Todd on the floor in pain. "Are you ok?" She asked, knowing her once virgin assed husband would forever be a cornholed fag in her eyes. As Devon's giant cum load mixed with blood oozed from her assfucked hubby she knew what would be forever in store for Todd and his future sex life. She helped him get his clothes on and drove them home in silence. 
To be continued....poor Todd...poor Todd's ass.
 The End
( For questions, suggestions and comments: 
Jafredderf@comcast.net)
 
 



