ORFANS: HILDA'S DIARY

Beryl Taught New Skills

BY PENT

Part 2

Thursday, May 18, Morning: Later

"Dr. Yarrow has not yet arrived", I told Jane and the eleven year
old Beryl as I came back into the room.

With me were the two children for whom I am governess: Morag who
was seven, and Giles, five.

"We will take this opportunity for Morag and Giles to have
another lesson in human anatomy . . .

"Beryl, stay with your shoulders lying on the table with your
feet well apart - so you keep steady . . .

"Now, Morag and Giles: Beryl has just been washed out and cleaned
more thoroughly than any clyster that either of you have ever
had. Water put into her bottom, now flows out fit for a king to
drink . . .

"You asked me last week, Giles, what the inside of a person's
bottom is like, and I want you to find out for yourself . . . you
have a small hand and can do this with Beryl . . . Morag, your
hand would be too large, I'm afraid . .

"Jane, roll up the right hand sleeve of Giles' shirt . . . now
put grease on his right hand, and smear it all around so it is
well covered.

"That looks good! Now Giles, . . . I want you to keep your
fingers stiff and straight, and put the tips together, with your
thumb tucked in underneath on your palm, like this . . . (and I
showed him with my own hand).

"Good! Now press your stiff finger tips against the hole in
Beryl's bottom . . . that's it!

"Now push into her hole while you move your hand from side to
side . . . good! Your fingers start to sliiiiide into her bottom
. . .

"Now pull your hand out, then push it back again, haaaaarder!

"Keep doing it Giles, but stop if Beryl tells you to . . . we
mustn't hurt her . . . . . . .
 
"Riiiight! Your hand has slid aaaaaaaaaall the way in!!

"Now gently move your hand around inside Beryl's bottom . . .
It's warm and cozy and slipperie in there, isn't it? Your hand is
completely inside Beryl...

"You can not get closer to any friend than that!!

"Isn't Beryl wonderfully warm and smooth inside her bottom? You
feel for yourself what it's like . . . and answer your own
question!"

Jane suddenly interrupted me and said:

"Mistress Hilda . . . I can hear them calling you from below!"

And I ran out of the room, a bit flustered . . .

I heard from Jane afterwards what happened: I'd left while Giles
still had his hand inside Beryl's bottom.

He curled his little hand into a fist and pulled it, shouting:

"Look! I've made a fist and it won't come out!!"

Then Giles pushed his fist up inside Beryl's bottom, as far in as
it would go, then back again until it was only stopped coming out
by its size . . .

Then push . . . up inside her again, then as far back as he could
towards him . . .

Giles was getting a bit excited as was his way: Back and forth he
pumped his knobby little fist, back and forth, faster and faster
. . .

Beryl squirmed and wriggled harder and harder with the great
excitement he was giving her . . . then she started to shout in a
wild ecstasy:

"More! More!! More!!!"

And just at that moment Doctor Abercrombie entered the room with
me close behind:

"WHAT is going on here?!?", he thundered . . .

"I am giving the children an anatomy lesson, Doctor, but he
wasn't supposed . . .

"Stop this at once!! You . . . (Pointing to Jane) get his hand
out and wash it! And clean her bottom too!

"Then all sit down until Mistress Hilda and I return; And give me
one of those!!!", grabbing a willow cane from the jar of water as
he left the room.

Well, I don't need to write what happened to me just two doors
away!

Thursday, May 18, Noon

The gardeners had brought up the device of Doctor Yarrow, and he
was quick to assemble what looked like a chair held between two
disks of wood. The wheels were nearly five foot high: it was all
thin polished wood and bolted together.

I came into the room, my face hot and flushed, but I had
otherwise regained control of myself after my beating by Doctor
Abercrombie for my foolishness . . .

"Dr Yarrow, this is Mistress Hilda who will be assisting us".

"Mistress Hilda, I am pleased to meet you", and I bobbed a
curtsey.

"Can you please help Beryl to sit here, between the two wheels,
naked and without any clothing . . . Good!

"Now I'll put this platform in place over her thighs and fasten
it firmly . . . I fix the shoulder pads to suit you. They take
much of your weight when you are upside down . . .

"The wheels are going to roll on the floor so your seat is turned
upside down, and you will be supported then by these shoulder
pads and the platform that will then be *under* your thighs . .

"All this talking - it's quicker to just do it . . . but I don't
want you being startled or surprised".

"Ready now?", and we rolled the wheels so the seat with Beryl in
it, turned upside down.

"Mistress Hilda, please place the wood bars across on the floor,
against the wheels so they will not roll. "Chocks" some people
call them".

The top parts of the wheels were then unbolted and removed.

"Beryl's bottom is facing up to the ceiling, you see, at a nice
height off the floor, ready for our work"

And he looked down for the first time, and took in the perfection
of young Beryl's soft warm bottom.

Beryl's skin was silky-smooth and creamy-white, and the form of
her bottom was perfect. Her rosebud resembled coral in color
-kept as beautiful as the lips to her mouth by its daily wash
with the clyster she had from the Great Orfanage.

Hilda's Sketch:

Hilda has a sketch in her diary, to show how Beryl is now
positioned. The wheels are the shape of a capital "D", with the
curved part on the floor, flat side upwards.

Beryl is bent in the shape of a capital "L", upside down: body
straight down, padded support blocks under shoulders; legs
horizontal, resting on the platform along the flat side of the
"D"; her bottom about forty inches above the floor.

Sketch shows the platform that supports Beryl's thighs, and the
back board with shoulder supports on it.

Doctor Yarrow shook himself out of his reverie over the beauty of
Beryl's bottom:

"Dr. Abercrombie, this is where we come to the vital inspection.
Hilda, a basin of water, just a little warmer than your hand, if
you please . . . on the table . . . thank you.

"This, Dr. A is my most important instrument: A rectascope, made
by the famous Guiseppe Campani in Rome . . .

"We lay the glass rod in the basin of water . . . and leave it to
warm.

"The end we insert is rounded; the end we look into, and where we
shine the light down, is flat.

"As we slowly insert the glass rod, it's lower end parts the
walls of the rectum, and we have a magnified view of every little
bit, as it passes the rounded end of the rod.

"Jane, will you pour from the teapot, so Dr. A and I can enjoy a
cup while we wait? The glass rod must be uniform temperature
throughout, Dr. A, or we will not see clearly . . . there is no
hurrying this work!

"Hilda, can you please find me the brightest light in the house
and stand it on the table here?"

I think very little passed while I went to the library and took
the lamp from the table there, which Sir Thomas used for reading,
and left a note in its place to tell him of Dr. Yarrow's need for
it.

"Ah! The lamp! . . . and it is a fine strong light, Hilda . .
Thank you!!

"I fasten this small mirror on a head-band near my eye, so it
will reflect light from the lamp down the glass rod . . . and we
take the rectascope from the water bath . . . put a little clear
grease on it . . .

"My dear, this is going to be about as thick as my finger, and
I'll slide that in first . . . You opened easily . . . good! (He
knew nothing of Giles' fist!) Now I sliiiide the glass rod gently
into your bottom, my dear . . while we examine its rosy walls . .
.

"Hmmmmmm! Good so far!! I sloooowly slide it in further, looking
closely at the walls . . . all the way in . . . Notice I am
careful not to push hard, Dr. A.

"Beryl: does this hurt you at all? No? . . Rather pleasant is
it?. . . Good!!

"Dr A, this is as far as the glass rod will go easily . . . I
hold it with my thumb on it here, touching Beryl's anus, and pull
the rod out.

"Now please Dr. A, measure the length from the round end to my
thumb"

"Three and three quarters inch, Doctor Yarrow". . . .

"Good! That tells us how much work we have to do . . . Now, you
fasten the mirror to your head, and examine the walls of her
rectum for yourself . . .

Now you hold the glass rod with your thumb pressed on Beryl's
anus, and pull it smoothly out . .

"And I measure . . . Yes indeed, three three quarters!

"Let us leave this young lady for a minute while we three talk
together. Mistress Hilda, is there a room we can go to?"

"Yes, Doctor Yarrow, follow me please! In Beryl's room".

When we had closed the door there, Dr Yarrow explained:

"Now we start the work!! We will make the colon that lies above
Beryl's rectum to be in line with it, so my rectascope will slide
straight into Beryl's bottom for a full seven inches.

"Then even so slight a girl as Beryl will easily take his Grace's
rampant yard, and feel the greatest pleasure as she does so . .

"Our first way to straighten the colon above her rectum will be
with this device".

He pulled from his pocket what looked like a string of ivory
beads, each about as thick as my little finger, with twine
through them.

"When I draw the twine tight . . . As you see: The beads are
shaped so they pull themselves firmly into a straight line.

"I slide the string of beads down into this long narrow pouch
-which will take the beads as far as we want into the girl's
bottom - then pull the twine tight . . .

"Now! We go and start the work!!".

Thursday, May 18, After-Noon

We returned to the room where Beryl was still held upside down,
as though her legs were on a table and she was bent over the
edge, with her body hanging down towards the floor.

"Now my dear, you are feeling all right, I hope? . . . Good! I
will lubricate you again, with plenty of grease on my finger,
deep into your bottom to make sure it is slippery inside . . .

"And I slide an oiled tube of beads down into your bottom . . .
deep . . . deeeeep . . . deeeeeeep into your bottom . . . so . .
and I pull it out again a bit . . then in a little further . . .
Feels pleasant, does it not???

"You see, doctor Abercrombie, five inch of the tube-of-beads is
inside her. Take away three three quarter inch - the length of
her rectum - and it must be one and one quarter inch into the
colon above her rectum.

"We always know exactly how far the tube of beads has gone beyond
her rectum.

"Now I stop moving the beads . . . and pull the line gently . .
gently . . firmly . . harder . . . and harder still . . . . and
fasten the line at that length. Then I pull the tube sloooooowly
back out of your bottom. There: we can see how much we have
straightened the beads in their slippery tube . . .

"Now again . ."

And Dr Yarrow repeated what he had done with the ivory beads. . .
again . . and again . . and again . . .

Sliding more and more of the ivory beads into Beryl's bottom each
time and pulling the line tighter and tighter to move Beryl's
colon towards being straight in line with her rectum.

Young Beryl was slowly becoming more and more excited by the
knobby beads in the slippery tube being slid in and out of her
bottom.

Dr Yarrow had fastened her thighs wide apart with soft leather
straps, and had left her hands free to do with them what she
liked, and she liked very much to do with them . . .

She was rubbing her fingers on her cunnie as the bumpy tube full
of beads was pushed into her bottom, the line tightened to partly
straighten the string of beads, and pulled out again . . .

Dr Yarrow needed Beryl's muscles to be relaxed and free of all
tension for the beads to have their greatest effect on
straightening her colon . .

And Beryl's fingers on her little cunnie were doing exactly that:
relaxing all muscles . . . until she finally bucked and squirmed
and wriggled as a shattering climax swept over her whole frame
(for the second time that day!)

Beryl shouted her joyful ecstasy moaning and jerking frantically.
. . then finally collapsed as though unconscious.

While Beryl lay still and unmoving, Dr Yarrow uncased his
rectascope and warmed it in water, then greased it and slid the
polished glass rod sloooowly down into Beryl's rectum to check
the walls for signs of strain . . .

He nodded his head, satisfied:

"All good! We will stop there for today".

We rolled Beryl so she sat upright again, and released her.

"Mistress Hilda, please give her the same three large clysters
tomorrow morning, They distend her colon and will make it easier
to move.

"I will return again at nine o'clock, and we will use other
wayes.

"Good night and sleep well!".

And he left with Dr Abercrombie, for us to clean up Beryl and
everything else.

Jane was most helpful: she had been greatly impressed by Doctor
Yarrow and his dexterity in sliding the tube of beads into
Beryl's bottom and out again . . .

I believe she came to think of herself as the one who was getting
a slippery tube of knobby beads pushed in and out of her own
bottom, until she collapsed in helpless orgasm . . .

Jane fetched evening meals for Beryl and me on a tray, which we
ate together sitting by the fire, talking little.

Jane also went and supervised the children's meals in the nursery
as I wanted to be with Beryl while she recovered and prepared for
an early bed.

I tucked Beryl up in her bed with a kiss, and ten minutes later
she was sound asleep.

Jane had put the children to bed, still in disgrace from Giles'
outrageous behaviour, "fisting" Beryl's bottom, punching his
sharp knobby little fist up inside her bottom, again . . . and
again . . . and again . . . to Beryl's unbounded pleasure and
eventual orgasm . . .

I saw that they slept before bidding Jane a very good night and
telling her to light our fire at six and bring breakfast for us
so we have plenty of time for Beryl's three large clysters, one
soapy and two of warm clear water . . before the doctors come at
nine o'clock to continue their manipulations of Beryl's bottom.

I had arranged for another maid to look after the children, to
get them up and washed and dressed and fed, before taking them
for a day outside with a picnic lunch in the park.

And so to bed, my diary written for this extraordinary day, and
myself exhausted with a pleasantly aching and painful bottom from
Dr Abercrombie's caning . . .

