THE ORPHANS HOME: GOOD AND TIGHT

BY PICKUP MAN

Part 12

PLEASE READ: This story is FICTION and only FICTION it is not
real. Nothing in this story is real, guys IT AIN'T REAL. Do not
do anything you read in this story, It is FICTION. If you are too
young or too stupid to understand that then JUST STOP READING AND
JUST GO AWAY.

Still holding on to little four old Amy's pigtails as I shudder
as the incredible waves of my orgasm sweep over me and try to
regain the strength in my legs. Fighting the urge to just leave
my still hard cock in her warm mouth while she is still trying to
swallow the remains of my cum I know I must take a break. Looking
at her mothers face as she still hangs upside down ,as Becky and
Joanie have stopped their fun with her. Both had stopped to watch
my powerful orgasm and now stand with a devilish grin on their
faces.

Kate has a look of lust on her face and I know she is very
excited at watching me fuck her little daughters face. Although I
had not explained all the details of what was going to happen to
her and her two little daughters I knew she was very excited
about it. I also know she is looking forward to being forced to
perform acts with my girls and myself but most of all acts with
her little girls. Acts with her little daughters she only dreamed
about but did not have the courage to do on her own, I plan to
fulfill her dreams.

I now instruct Becky and Joanie to release the two little girls
and tie them in the next position I want them in while I go to
the break room. I need a cup of coffee and a chance to regain my
strength. I have worked out in advance with Becky and Jeanie as
to the positions the two little girls were to be restrained
during the evening. I explained that they would have a free hand
with the little girls mother and they would also get a chance to
use the little girls.

Break time is over and back to work so I head back to the party.
As I enter the room my first sight is Kate restrained on her
stomach on one of our milking tables. The table is about two feet
long and her legs and hips hang off one end where they are tied
to the tables legs. A three inch high rubber pad is under her
lower stomach and hips. Her head is restrained down to a
adjustable head board with her chin in a rubber chin rest. This
causes her face to look straight forward. Her well formed breasts
hang through a 4X12 inch slot in the tables top. Becky is busy
hooking the milking cups to her breasts while Joanie is getting
little Amy ready. I look over and see little four year old Susie
is now standing with her wrists strapped to a wrist spreader
which is attached to a overhear electric winch. She has a very
scared look on her little face as she sucks on her pines gag and
watches all that is happening to her mother and sister.Joanie now
has little six year old Amy all strapped into one of our special
chairs. The chair has some very special equipment on it. The
chair has electric height adjustment and two long leg boards
which allow the little girls leg to be spread at any angle
desired. The center part of the seat is open but allows her to
set on the sides and back. Unknown to the little girl Joanie has
placed a small 6 inch dildo into one of the two dildo holders.
The holders are mounted to a small remote controlled motor under
the chair and when activated provide a controlled thrust and
speed up and down fucking action. Little Amy is unaware of this
and wonders why Joanie has lubricated her little ass hole, but
she is soon to find out.

Now that Kate and her little daughter are ready to go it is time
to get little Susie in position. I move a large mobile Gyro Exam
Chair into place and climb up in it. The chair is adjustable to
attain the proper height and position needed for this operation.
I now adjust the chair with my legs spread and with my now hard
cock sticking straight up into the air. I instruct Becky to move
little Susie who is still hooked up to her wrist spreader over
me. She starts the over head electric winch and lifts the
startled little girl up into the air, as soon as she is high
enough she swings her over me.

I now instruct Joanie to move little Amy into postion.With that
she moves the Special Chair Susie is restrained in up to her
mothers head. With a few adjustments she lines the little girls
little wide spread pink pussy up with Kate's open mouth. I can
see the look of surprise and joy on Kate's face as she realizes
what is about to happen. I know this is something she has dreamed
about.Joanie pushes little Amy's little pussy up into her mothers
waiting mouth. I can see Kate's tongue lick out just before
contact with her daughters little pink pussy,then a squeal from
Amy tells me her mothers tongue has found its mark. Now Joanie
adjusts the two restrainer straps and hooks them to eye hooks in
the tables end. This will hold Amy's little pussy tight against
her mother probing hungry tongue. Little Susie has stopped her
struggles and startled screams to watch her mother and sister. In
the temporary silence I can her Kate's tongue lapping in her
daughters little pussy and Amy's startled squeals have turned to
low moans of passion.Joanie now moves around behind Kate's butt
which is still high in the air and stares to buckle on a large
strap on.

While Joanie gets ready to fuck Kate I tell Becky to start
lowering little Susie down over my hard cock.

