ANNA & TIMMIE PLAY "TIE-UP"

BY ANNA AND TIMMIE

We, well actually I, decided to play "tie-up." Timmie was quite
excited about it and quickly got naked as I instructed him to do.

We used one of the tall wood kitchen chairs. The first thing I
did was to tie his wrists behind him around the back of the
chair. Then rope around his chest also to the back of the chair.
He struggles hopelessly, how cute. Next comes the gag. An old
sock (clean of course) is wadded up and stuffed into his mouth. I
held it in place with a bandana tied around the back of his head.
"Comfy?" I ask. "Mumph!" said Timmie.

Next I had him rest his feet on the cross pieces of the chair.
Rope is wrapped around his ankles and under his feet to hold them
tightly to the chair legs. More rope is tied around his legs just
below his knees and secured to the back legs of the chair.
Another piece pulls his legs tight against the chair and is
secured to the front legs. About the only thing Timmie can do now
is wiggle his toes. I solved this problem by tying two thin
lengths of rope around his big toes. The right toe I tied to the
left chair leg and the left toe to the right chair leg. This
pulled his big toe away and up from the others, Timmie screamed,
but with the gag in his mouth it came out as more of a high
pitched "MMUUUUMMMPH!!!" Timmie was quite immobile.

His little cock was stiff and sticking straight up. I began to
gently fondle it. "Mumph mumph mumph" Timmie said. I put my head
between his legs and began to suck on it. I felt his warm little
body tense. I knew he was enjoying it. I sucked harder and bit
it. "MMMMUMMPH!" (Oops I guess I bit a little too hard.)

More sucking and biting (not quite as hard this time). "Mumph
mumph mumph." He must really like this. But I don't want to
reward him just yet. Gotta save that for the end. So I stop just
short of him creaming. I wipe the pre-cream from his pee pee and
pat him on the head and kiss his cheek.

"Timmie" I tell him, "I have to go to work now. I'll see you
tonight to untie you." His eyes widen in total horror.
"MUMPH??!!!"

"Oh don't worry I won't be too late. Probably around 10:00 or
11:00 depending if I get something to eat or not" "MUUMMPH?!!
MUMPH!!! MUMPH!!!

MUMPH!!!"

"Of course I don't mind letting you stay tied up all day." Timmie
shakes his head "MUMPH!!! MUMPH!!!"

"No no don't be silly. Its no trouble at all." More head shaking,
faster this time. "MMMUUUUMMPH!!!!!! MMMMMMMMMMUUUMMMMPHHH!!!!"

"My what a polite little boy you are today. You most certainly
are welcome." High pitched "MMMMMUMMMPH!!!!!!!!!"

"Oh and as an extra added treat." I took two old socks, again
clean of course and placed them over his eyes and secures them in
place with another bandana while Timmie made lots of mumphing
sounds. I didn't quite understand them but I'm sure they were
something like "Oh Anna this is so cool."

"Well, Timmie I need to head out to work. If you need to go to
the bathroom just hold it till I get back."

"Mumph mump mumph mumph mumph mumph" said Timmie quickly. Which
probably meant something like "Don't worry. I only drank that
Super Big Gulp an hour ago." "Good," I said "then you're all set.
Enjoy you tie up and I'll see you in a few hours."

"MMMMMUMMMMPHHH!!!" came the high pitched reply. Which I'm sure
meant "Have a good day at work and see you tonight. I'll be a
good little boy so you can be proud of me when you get home."

I picked up my car keys to leave. "Mmmmmmuuummmph!!!" "Awwwww I
love you to hun. Bye."

ABOUT EIGHT HOURS LATER............

I unlock the door to hear mumphing from the kitchen. The first
thing I saw was a very exhausted Timmie still tied securely were
I left him. The second thing I saw was a large puddle of pee on
the kitchen floor. "TIMMIE!!!" I scolded. "I thought I told you
to hold it till I got back!" "Muuumph" came the sad reply. I
removed his gag.

With tears streaming down his little cheeks "I'm sorry," he
sobbed. "I couldn't hold it. I'm sorry Anna I'm sorry. I tried to
hold it but I couldn't. It just came out and I couldn't stop.
Please don't be mad at me. I'm sorry."

I put my arms around him and hugged him and kissed his tears
away. "Would you like to be untied now?"

"Yes, please."

In a few minutes he was free and on his hands and knees moping up
his pee with paper towels.

"I'm sorry Anna I'm sorry. Please don't spank me." I helped him
to his feet and gently began to massage away the rope marks.

"I'm not going to spank you. But we must do something about your
behavior young man." Timmie looked fearful. "How about a nice
long shower?" He grinned and hugged me. "Yes! yes! yes!"
I took his hand and lead him up to the bathroom. He was still
stiff from being tied up all day but the red marks from the ropes
were already fading. In the bathroom I pulled off my work clothes
(This shower was as much for me as it was for him.) I turned on
the water and adjusted the temperature. He stood patiently, his
hands folded behind his back, his pee pee now soft and limp. He
wiggled his toes in the bath mat and rocked up and down on the
balls of his feet as I set out towels and shampoo.

I took his hand in mine and helped him into the tub. The water
was warm and steamy. We both let out long sighs of pleasure as
the water splashed over our naked bodies.

I use the body wash that smells like strawberries, Timmie's
favorite. I start with his chest and watch that dreamy eyed
expression come over him. He giggled as I ran my hands over his
ribs. He is quite ticklish. I held his pee pee in one hand and
gently washed it with the other, watching it stiffen as do so.
Then suddenly he asked if I'd like for him to wash my hair.

"That's so sweet of you to ask" I said as I gave him a hug.

"Yes, I'd like that very much." He was very good at it. Almost as
good as Brandon. His touch was loving and gentle. He even washed
my back for me. I'm sure he enjoyed washing my butt almost as
much as I enjoyed his touch.

"My turn to wash yours" I said when he had finished. "Turn
around, go on turn around."

He gave me a dreamy eyed smile and obediently turned around with
his hands at his side. His hair is so lovely. I know girls that
would kill to have hair this soft. When I had finished with his
hair I scrubbed his back and down his legs. I ran my finger
between his butt crack and teased his little hiney hole. I felt
his body tense and watched his toes curl and uncurl, reminding me
of how my cat does that paw thing cats do when they are happy. I
stood up turned him around, held him close and kissed him.

I helped him out of the tub and wrapped a towel around him and
then one around myself. He starts to shiver so I hold his little
body close to mine to warm him.

After we both were dry I sat him in my lap to brush his hair. I
hugged him from behind. His skin is warm and soft and smells
sweet. He snuggles close making little cooing noises of pleasure.
Its difficult to stay angry at this lovely little creature.

I take him by the hand and lead him into the bedroom. He follows
obediently.

"Its late" I tell him "I think we both need some sleep." Timmie
yawns and stretches his little naked body. "Yes, sleep" he says
and climbs into bed. I lay next to him with my head on his chest
listening to his little heat beat. Its beating so fast. I can
feel his warm breath on my face. The heart beat slows and we both
fall asleep.

I awake to the bright sun in my eyes and a little naked boy
sleeping on his tummy next to me. I run my hand over his smooth
hiney and he gives a soft sigh. I let my finger tickle his hiney
hole then push it in. I feel it tighten around my finger and push
it deeper. A little moan and he stirs a bit but doesn't wake. I
look for something to fuck his hole and finally find a long
candle. I spit on the bottom end and place it to his tight little
anus...and shove it in. Timmie gasps and struggles. I sit on his
back to hold him down and pump his ass with the candle. He
struggle desperately, crying out, still half asleep not knowing
were he is. Leaving the candle up his hiney hole I flip him over
and start to suck his pee pee.

"Hold still! Little naked slave boy! I want breakfast." Timmie,
now awake slips into his game mode.

"Yes, master. I will obey" (Master? Obviously from playing this
with Brandon)

"I'm not you master. You will address me as Mistress. Show proper
respect slave!)

Timmie giggles, "Yes Mistress, I will obey."

I began to rub his pee pee while he lay submissively making soft
cooing noises, his toes doing that cat paw thing faster and
faster as I rubbed him. Then I felt his little body tense and
cream gushed from his pee pee onto his tummy.

"Ohhhh yes" he sighed. I laughed and licked his tummy clean and
sucked his pee pee dry. I helped him up and huged him. "You want
breakfast hun?"

He nodded and like a good little slave followed me to the
kitchen.

When he had finished his cereal I asked him, "Are you ready to be
my little naked slave boy all day today?"

He grinned then got down on his hands and knees in front of me.
"Yes, Mistress I am ready to serve you."

"I hope you mean that!" I said sternly. "I don't like slaves that
disobey me. They are severely punished."

Timmie giggled. "Yes, Brandon punishes me when I disappoint
Master Greg."

"But that's only a game" I said, still in my stern voice. "Today
I want you to really be my little naked slave boy. I will really
punish you if you disobey me or argue with my orders or fail in
your duties as my slave."

His smile faided a little. "Brandon spanks me with the paddle
when I need to be punished."

"You still think this is a game. I think you need to be punished
just to show you this is for real. Bend over the chair and hold
on to the seat. Hold on tight."

Timmie gave me a sweet innocent smile and obeyed. He didn't see
my rideing crop on the table. I picked it up and gave him three
quick licks to his bare hiney. He yelped in pain but held onto
the chair. He even started to pee but quickly controlled it. I
hadn't hit him that hard. Barely enough to raise welts. He looked
at me in horror holding his hiney. Tears running down his cheeks.
"The real ones will be much harder slave. Do you understand?" He
quickly fell to his knees, his nose touching the floor.

"Yes, Mistress, I understand." Then he looked up at me, his face
still wet with tears. "Please Anna, I'll be good. I'll be a good
slave. Please don't hurt me again."

******

"Please Anna, I'll be good. I'll be a good slave. Please don't
hurt me again."

"Get up slave! On your feet. This isn't a game anymore little
boy. You're my slave and you will do as I say or I will have the
pleasure of whipping your little hiney. You can start by doing
the dishes." Timmie looked terrified. This wasn't what he had
expected. He was used to the make-believe slave games he and
Brandon played.

He made a quick bow. "Yes, Mistress" he said and began to clear
the table. "When you are finished make some hot tea and bring it
to me on the deck. A plate of cookies also. Make none for
yourself. A slave eats only when his Mistress tells him to eat."
Fifteen minutes later Timmie walked onto the deck carrying a tray
with a cup of tea and a plate of cookies. There was also a cup
with sugar one with cream and one with a couple wedges of lemon.
Timmie sat them on the table and got to his knees and bowed. "You
didn't say if you wanted sugar or cream or lemon, so I brought
them anyway. I hope Mistress is pleased."

I couldn't help but smile at his willingness to please me. This
had the makings of a very interesting day.

"Yes, yes, your Mistress is very pleased with her little naked
slave boy." Timmie looked up and smiled. "What does Mistress wish
of me now?" I thought a moment then said "I think I'll have you
clean my bedroom." Timmie looked puzzled. "I'm gonna take you
home with me." Timmie grinned. "Cool!" He jumped up and started
to run for his room. "I'll go get dressed and....." "Oh no you
won't naked slave boy! You'll do no such thing! Go get in my car
and wait for me." "But...but....." Timmie protested. I picked up
my rideing crop.

"Don't tell me my slave is arguing with one of my orders? Looks
like you need to be punished." Timmie froze. "Bend over the chair
and hold on to the seat." "Anna please, no, don't!" He took a
step backwards instinctively holding his hiney.

"I said, bend over the chair and hold on to the seat. Or do I
need to double the number of hits you get. Trembling from head to
toe Timmie bent over the chair. His eyes filling with tears he
held onto the seat and waited. I walked around him, looking at
this lovely little creature under my control. I ran the rideing
crop between his legs along his ball sack. First one side then
the other. Then I teasingly drew it between his butt crack. I
reached around and wrapped my hand around his stiff little pee
pee and began to rub it. Not enough to make him cream of course,
after all I didn't want to reward him, I wanted to punish him.
The three marks the crop had left earlier had faded to a dark
pink. I ran my finger over them lightly. Timmie winced. I raised
my rideing crop and brought it down hard across his exposed end.
Harder than before but by no means as hard as I could. I didn't
want him to feel the full force just yet. This one did raise a
nice little welt thou gh. And it was to my advantage to let him
know it could get worse.

He made a yelp of pain and almost let go of the chair. "Don't you
dare move slave. I'm not finished yet!!!" Timmie took a gulp of
air. "Anna....I mean Misteress....please. Don't......."

But that was as far as he got. Again the crop cut the air making
to Timmie's ears I'm sure a horrible swishing noise. He screamed
in pain and peed but managed to stop after a couple seconds.
There was now a bright red "X" on Timmie's hiney to remind him he
was my slave and I expected him to obey me without question.

"Now, go...get...in...the...car!" Each word made with a
threatening swish from the rideing crop. Timmie bowed and obeyed.
I was in no real hurry but found him ten minutes later, sitting
quietly in the front seat his hands folded on his lap and his
head down.

I slid into the drivers seat and buckled up. I checked to see
that Timmie was also and stared the engine. "My Mom and Dad are
always traveling. We'll have the house to ourselves. Well, except
for my little brother. You'll like him. He's a little younger
than you but I take care of him. He knows better than to give me
grief." I patted the rideing crop on the dash board.

Timmie looked up. "Anna, what if we break down and have to walk?
I'm naked. What am I gonna do?"

I laughed and reached over and held his little ball sack in my
hand and squeezed it gently. "Don't worry hun. This car doesn't
break down.

This thing cost more than most people use as a down payment on a
house. Stop worrying."

I live about twenty minutes away from Timmie. I'm sure it seemed
more like twenty hours to this little naked boy sitting next to
me.

He almost died when I pulled into the Burger King drive through.
"Anna!! they will see..." "Quiet slave. I'm getting our lunch."
"But Anna......" "Slave are you arguing with me?" I said tapping
his hard little cock with the rideing crop. "N-n-n-n-o M-
m-mistress. I'm s-s-s-orry." "Then sit there with you hands at
your sides like a good little naked slave boy."
"But......" He started to protest but did as I told him, sitting
quietly with his eyes tightly shut.

"Three number 4's super sized. No salt on the fries." I said to
the scratchy voice over the speaker." The voice repeated my order
and told me to drive around. "Hello Anna," greeted the girl at
the window. You must be hungry today........" Then she spotted
Timmie. "Ohhhh Anna you got a new toy," she squealed in delight.
"Hes soooo cute." Timmie blushed. "Hi sweetie I'm Kate." "I'm
Timmie" he said in a choked whisper. "Awwwww he's shy. Thats
adorable." "When you finish work why don't you come on over and
we can play with him" I said with a smile Timmie couldn't see.
Kate smiled back. "I get off at 4:00."

"Here, hold these" I said to Timmie, handing him the bags of food
and sodas.

As we drove off I said. "Do you really think I'd be stupid enough
to pull into a place like that with you naked if I didn't know
who was on duty this morning?! I should punish you just for
thinking that!!" I was angrier than I should have been. I guess
from Timmie's point of view it was very frightening.

He hung his head and whispered "I'm sorry." I looked over at him
and saw tears drip onto his bare legs. I didn't say anything. I'd
just let him suffer thinking I was angry.

I pulled the BMW into the garage and waited for the door to close
behind us. "Okay slave we're here at last. We'll eat lunch then
I'll put you to work. I want my room nice and tidy when Kate
comes over."

Timmie followed me into the dinning room. "We'll eat here. I want
you to meet my little brother." I went to the bottom of the
stairs and called "RANDY!!" There was no response. Timmie had
followed and stood in to door way. "Wait right there." I told
him. "RANDY!!!" I shouted walking up the stairs. I told you to be
ready when I got back. This is gonna be worth ten licks when I
find you!" "Anna I'm sorry! I was takeing my shower." "You had
loads of time for that. I told you to be ready to serve when I
got home." "Anna no please don't." Randy cried out as my rideing
crop came full force across his naked ass. He stumbled and fell
and got two more across the back of his legs. "Get down stairs. I
have a guest." He scrambled to his feet and ran. I landed a
couple more hits before he made it to the top of the stairs. He
tore down the steps two and three at a time and skidded to a halt
in front of Timmie. I caught up with him a moment later. "Hold
still and tak e your punishment." Randy closed his eyes. Five
hard licks across his behind and legs. He flinched with each but
didn't cry out until the last one.

I put all my strength into it. He cried out and fell to his
knees. Timmie looked on in horror backing away and holding his
own backside. "Get up" I ordered to Randy. "I want you to meet
Timmie. He will be your assistant today in your slave duties."
Randy slowly got to his feet and extended a hand to Timmie. "Hi
I'm Randy. I'm Anna's brother." Timmie shook hands. "I'm Timmie.
Anna knows my friend Brandon sometimes she comes over with him to
do naked stuff together." "Okay inspection time." At once Randy
stood looking straight ahead with his feet spread apart. "You to
Timmie." Timmie looked puzzled for a moment but obeyed. "Don't
either of you slaves move while I inspect you." I walked around
both the boys tapping my rideing crop against the palm of my
hand. "Hmmm hmmm." I muttered distractedly. I ran the crop
between their legs on either side of their little ball sacks.
Then down their chest to their tummys.

Timmie shivered. I remembered how ticklish he was and smiled. I
walked around behind them and drew the rideing crop slowly
between their cracks and taped it across their hineys. In front
of them again I taped their pee pees. Timmie flinched. I taped it
harder. "I said don't move." I taped Randy's harder. He didn't
budge. He was used to my inspections by now. I repeated the round
again. This time when I taped Timmies pee pee he didn't move at
all. Though he did shiver a bit when I ran the crop over his
ribs. All in all I was very pleased with my little naked slave
boys.

I hugged them each in turn and kissed them. Then ordered them to
do the same to each other. They obeyed without question. "Time to
put my two slaves to work" I said rubbing my hands together.
Randy stood at attention and after a nod from me Timmie did the
same. I put Randy to work cleaning the garage and Timmie cleaning
my bed room.

I smiled at his sincere efforts to please me. He obviously wanted
to avoid punishment. He also obviously was experienced in the use
of a vacuum cleaner, even useing the edge tool around my bed and
book case and carefully dusting the bookshelves. He really is a
good little naked slave boy. I wish I could keep him. I wonder if
his dad would sell him to me? (Oh well, I can wish can't I?).
When he had finished I was so delighted I hugged his little naked
body close to mine and kissed his lips. "Lay on my bed" I
ordered. "Tummy up." Still eager to please me he obeyed at once.
I tied his wrists and ankles spread eagle fashion to the bed
posts. I pulled the end from the vacuum and approached the
helpless little boy with the open nozzle. Timmie's eyes were wide
in horror. "Anna NO! PLEASE!!" I flicked the switch to on and
held it over his pee pee, just close enough for the suction to
begin to pull. Timmie struggled, "Anna, don't, please don't. I've
been good, please don't" I let the end swallow is little cock.
Timmie's whole body went ridged and he screamed.

But then a dazed look crossed his face. He smiled at me and
relaxed, and would have laid there unrestrained. "See?" I said.
Its a reward not a punishment. Timmie gave a long sigh. "It feels
great!" I worked him until he creamed. "Thank you mistress!! That
was wonderful." I untied him and helped him to his feet. "Go
wash. I need to check on Randy." He hugged me and hurried off to
the bathroom.

I was not pleased. Randy had not done nearly as well as Timmie.
In fact I found him playing with his game boy. When he saw me he
jumped to his feet. "I was only takeing a break." "Looks more to
me like you haven't even started. The floor hasn't even been
swept." It was clear he hadn't done much but he still protested.
"This will NOT go unpunished." "Anna no wait. Not that damn
rideing crop again. My ass is still sore from the beating you
gave me yesterday." "Well," I said with an evil grin, "it appears
you didn't learn you lesson. So its gonna get a lot sorer today.
Now finish up in here. Maybe, just maybe, if I'm pleased I'll
knock a couple licks off your beating." Randy bowed, " Yes
mistress, thank you mistress. (I've trained him so well).

When I returned, I found Timmie sitting at the kitchen table.
"Anna.....uhh I mean misterss? Can I have something to drink? I'm
really thursty." "Sure hun, milk, soda, kool ade?" "Milk
please....and a couple cookes?" he added hopefully. I poured a
glass of milk for Timmie and one for myself and sat a plate of
oreos between us. Timmie grinned and took a bite of his cookie
and a gulp of milk. As I watched my happy litte naked slave boy
eat I was hit on an inspiration. "Timmie?" I said, "Randy has
been a very naughty slave. How would like to help me punish him?"
Timmie gulped down a mouth full of cookie and milk. "Can I?" "You
can if I say so. And I say so. I'd say he deserves about 20 or 30
licks with the rideing crop. Maybe more. I haven't decided how
many yet. Do you think you can help me teach Randy a lesson?"
Timmie smiled. "If it pleases you misterss I will do my best." I
kissed him on the cheek and playfully tickeled his little ball
sack. This was gonna be fun.


