Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Vampire's Kiss Chapter Fifteen: Angelic Lusts
Summary: Abigial has fallen under Father Augustine's control. Damien is forced to watch his wife's wanton surrender to the priest's dark lusts.
Keywords: MF MFF FF D/s cheat inc lac cuck wife vamp anal exhib humil Fdom oral viol

Copyright 2016

Damien D'Angelo thrashed in the inhuman grip of the priest. Iron fingers clenched tight about the vampire's throat. He could not snarl and rage at the priest who fucked his wife, pounding Abigail hard as she lay bent over the desk in Faust's office at the peak of the skyscraper.

Shame, humiliation, rage, and pain clenched Damien's blackened soul. His wife's every gasp and pleasure-filled moan stabbed into his undead heart. She loved the priest's cock, addicted to its girth spreading wide her pussy.

Yes, yes, yes, gasped Abigail, her fiery hair thrashing. Keep fucking me with that cock!

Is it the best? Mary asked. The first vampiress Damien sired watched the priest fuck Abigail, Mary's bloody hands fingering her cunt.

Yes, is it, Dam? gasped Samantha, her eyes wide behind her glasses. Abigail had sired the vampiress.

It's better than Sire's, laughed Rosa, glancing at Damien, contempt in her dark eyes.

So much better, moaned Abigail.

All Damien's women had abandoned him for the priest, and Father Augustine reveled in his triumph. Around him, other women moaned and gasped. Over thirty, each leaking the priest's cum from their cunts and asses or splattered with drying lines of pearly jizz.

The priest had conquered them all. Conquered my Abigail.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Such a fucking amazing cock! screamed Abigail as she came on the priest cock.

Father Hyrum Augustine, the first nephilim to walk the earth in millennia, reveled in her cunt's tight grip spasming about his thrusting cock. Pleasure rushed down the priest's cock as he savored the married vampiress's silky flesh. She bucked and gasped while Damien watched on in defeated horror.

Cuckolded. Bested.

Yes, roared the priest. Worship my cock, Abigail. You're mine!

Yours! Just keep fucking me! Her head tossed back, her juices flooding out of her whorish cunt, perfuming the air with her tart excitement.

See, Damien, exulted the priest. What fickle whores women are! Sinful, deceitful creatures always on the prowl for the best cock! And none are better than mine!

None! gasped the cumming vampiress.

Yours is the best, Father, panted Joy as she fucked a dildo in and out of her asshole, the shaft lubed by the priest's cum.

So good, Lynette shuddered, rubbing her cunt on the corner of Faust's desk.

Every woman is a whore, Damien. Your wife. Your thralls. They can't help themselves submit to the better man.

Me.

Father Augustine savored Damien's crushing defeat, emasculated by the priest's superior cock. He thrust harder into Abigail's cunt, the married vampiresses flesh clutching and sucking, eager for another load of cum to flood her sinful pit. Her orgasm still rippled through her. Damien winced at every gasp and cry.

Ecstasy boiled in the priest's balls. Fucking Abigail's wanton hole was more satisfying than he had fantasized. Clenching. Hot. Silky. Wet. Married cunt gripped his cock, burning with whorish sin.

She is mine now!

I'm sorry, Damien! He's...just...too...much! Abigail spasmed again as the whore came again.

The priest's hand tightened on Damien's throat as the pleasure exploded out of Augustine's cock. Hot cum flooded Abigail's unholy womb. The priest groaned through clenched teeth. Rapture consumed him.

You've crushed him, chortled the feminine voice.

Hallelujah!

Abigail's flaming hair tossed. Yes, flood me with your cum!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

...yes...flood me...with your...cum...

The words penetrated Aurora's prison. The corrupted angel lifted her head, her crimson wings flapping in the void. Jezebel's demonic soul engulfed Aurora's, imprisoning the angel and siphoning off her powers, feeding the to Faust.

Abigail? Aurora asked, frowning. A spark of hope kindled in her breast. Can you hear me, Abigail?

She can't hear you, my angel slut, Jezebel answered, her voice hissing from all directions, resounding through the angel's prison. You cannot touch the world. You're stuck in here with me. Forever. My pet. My prisoner. My angel slut. Jezebel's rich, throaty laugh echoed through the dark cell. Oh, the games we shall play. The sins we shall commit.

Aurora knew Jezebel was right. The angel understood her prison. Others of her kind, fallen and vulnerable in ages past, had been trapped by demons, used as the fuel consumed by the flames of Nephilim. Only the exorcism of Jezebel or the slaying of Father Augustine would free her.

But I heard Abigail. How?

...yes...fuck my...ass...

Abigail's moan penetrated the prison and rang through Aurora's thoughts, sonorous and passionate. I can feel her lusts. I am a succubus. Corrupted beyond a normal fallen angel. And Father Augustine is feeding on my lusts.

...vacant...

And those lusts touched Abigail. A part of me touches Abigail.

...your whore...

Aurora focused on the voice. She sent her thoughts after them, flowing with the energy. She hit the barrier of her prison. Her mind recoiled as her energy flowed out through tiny holes. Aurora's mind was too big to squeeze through, her thoughts too complex.

...oh...damien...it's so good...i'm his...whore...i love it...i love...his cock...

But not a single thought. An impulse. Something, anything. What?

...someone better...damien...

An idea. Trying to send a message seemed futile to the angel. What could Abigail do while locked in Faust's passion. She was as much a prisoner as Aurora. But the angel still remembered hope. Damien's corruption had not wholly consumed her flesh.

...i am...father augustine's...whore...

Aurora sent out her thought.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Beneath the overwhelming lust, guilt touched the vampiress's soul. Abigail D'Angelo quaked, her pussy erupting from another all-consuming orgasm. Her pussy spasmed about the priest's cock while her moans sang through the room.

But her eyes witnessed the pain in Damien's eyes.

The small kernel of awareness, not swept up by the tide of lust spilling through her, begged to cry out, Don't look, Damien. I'm sorry. I can't help myself. He's too big. But instead she moaned, Yes, yes! Your cock! as the priest's cum dumped into her soiled pussy.

Damien thrashed again, impotent, helpless. The priest was too strong.

His cock too amazing.

Abigail groaned, her orgasm still rippling through her body, as the priest withdrew his cock slowly, painfully slowly. Her clenching flesh gripped his dick, feeling every inch of him pull out until her pussy gaped open, begging to be filled.

Fuck me, moaned Abigail. 

I'm sorry, Damien.

I need your cock! Please, please, fuck me!

But where should I fuck you, whore? You have surrendered your cunt to me. You've begged with all the wanton sin of womanhood for my dick. Where else can I use my cock on your flesh? Where else do you need it, slut?

Anywhere. Just fill me! Give me that dick!

I'm such a whore, Damien. I'm so sorry. But his cock. It is magnificent.

The priest's free hand pulled her right butt-cheek to the side, exposing her sphincter. Beg me to use your ass, slut. Beg me to ream your filthy hole. Only degradation will satiate your wanton lusts.

Yes! Fuck my ass!

While your husband watches?

Absolutely! Please, please, fuck my ass, Father. I need it. I need to be filled. I'm so empty without your cock. Vacant.

You are such a whore!

I am! Abigail wiggled her butt. Sorry, sorry, sorry. I need this, Damien. I need this. Fuck my ass, Father! Pound it! Fuck me hard! Hurt me! Give me pain and agony!

See her sin manifest, Damien, laughed the priest. I am doing you a favor. I have exposed your wife for what she truly is.

A whore!

The priest slammed his dick deep into her bowels. Pain and pleasure roared through the vampiress. Her back arched, rubbing her hard nipples into Faust's desk. The vampiress loved it. She shuddered, licking her lips, drinking in all the excitement as her asshole gripped the wonderful, thick cock slamming into her depths.

Heavy balls thudded into her taint. Heavy with more cum. Abigail's hips undulated. She clenched her bowels. The more friction the more pleasure. And she craved so much pleasure. She wanted the friction to burn through her and leave her gasping and shuddering in wanton delight.

Abigail wanted to cum.

Yes, yes, use my ass, Father! Use it! I'm your whore!

Tell your husband how much you love my cock, groaned the priest.

Yes, yes, tell Sire, panted Mary.

Oh, please, can you fuck me next, Father, panted Samantha.

Abigail shuddered, glancing up at her husband as he struggled, his strong hands beating at Father Augustine's arms, his legs kicking at the priest's side. He was too weak. The priest too strong. A surge of wanton, filthy lust shuddered through her.

It was hot being fucked before her husband. It turned her on and shamed her at the same time. She was the priest's whore, and her husband witnessed it. She was laid bare before Damien, her lusts unveiled for him to see.

Oh, Damien, it's so good. I'm his whore! I love it! I love his cock.

The fight in Damien ended. He hung loose in the priest's hand, resigned.

More shame filled Abigail. It mixed with her lust, feeding it. The dark passion crashed through Abigail. Her body bucked as her orgasm exploded through her. She gasped and squirmed. Her bowels convulsed about his dick as juices and the priest's cum flooded out of her cunt and washed down her thighs. The scent filled the air.

The vampiresses around her and the human women already fucked by Father Augustine added their own scents. They all masturbated now, aching to be filled by the priest's cock. Amid the shame and lust crashing through Abigail was pride.

I'm the woman he fucks. The whore he wants the most. He's already cum twice and still he fucks me.

I want him to cum in me, Damien, Abigail cried out, her lusts forcing her to say those shameful words. The more she embraced her dark, humiliating passions the greater her pleasure swelled. It was a vicious cycle, driving her to hurt her husband worse and worse so she could enjoy the priest's cock more and more. I want his cum to fill my body day and night. I want to be impaled on his cock! I love it, Damien!

What a whore is woman! cried out the priest with all the passion of a preacher orating a Sunday sermon. What a depraved work she is. Consumed by her inequities, driven by her passions, slave to her wanton desires. She must be constantly tamed or she wanders. She must be kept on her knees, on her back, submitting to her man or another will steal her.

Someone stronger. Someone better.

Yes, yes, someone better, Damien! Abigail screamed as another orgasm burst through her body.

The humiliation in her husbands eyes drove the dark hunger inside the vampiress. She glutted on it. Her pleasure engulfed her mind. Transcended bliss hit her. Peaks of passions she had never experienced before. The world swam about her.

She heaved on the desk. Wood cracked as her fists drummed against it. Every nerve in her undead body rejoiced while her soul ripped itself in half, the pain of hurting Damien transforming into the sweetest bliss.

I am Father Augustine's whore!

...you are not his whore... Aurora whispered out of the lusts pouring through Abigail's body. ...he abuses my lust...

Aurora? Abigail gasped, casting her gaze around her. She stared back at the priest and it all crystallized. The hungers that consumed Abigail weren't her own. She didn't lust for the priest. He merely infected her with Aurora's power. The angel was in him, trapped, reaching out.

What? growled the priest as he buried his cock into Abigail's asshole.

It's not your cock...I love, panted Abigail, her pleasure still wracking her body. But the lust...from Aurora. She's in him...Damien...feeding him...infecting me... Oh, fuck, yes!

Pleasure consumed Abigail's mind.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Abigail's words cut through Damien's despair.

He lifted his eyes, staring at his wife. For a moment, her green depths cleared of passion as she spoke those words. A surge of hope shot through Damien. His wife wasn't the priest's whore. She was infected by him.

She needs me.

Aurora needs me.

Whore, you worship my cock! snarled Father Augustine, fucking Damien's wife harder.

She moaned and gasped, lost to the lust again, poisoned by it, forced to hurt Damien. The dark, depraved lust would feed Aurora the most. She would want Abigail to perform the vilest sex acts, to humiliate herself and others.

And now so does the priest.

His angel was in the priest, trapped. Damien had to rescue her somehow. The vampire only had one weapon, his gift. Every vampire had one. Abigail could mesmerize with her gaze, Rosa could walk in sunlight, Mary could move with blurring speed.

And Damien could use telekinesis.

He reached out his thoughts towards Father Augustine and touched him. The priest grunted and snarled, pounding Abigail's ass without mercy, consumed with lust. He has to make her take her words back. Abigail has to be his whore. 

Damien caught flickers of thoughts. He wasn't sure why. His power was telekinesis. It was an act of desperate hope to reach out, and yet there was something surrounding the priest, a dark nimbus of malevolent thought. An entity who reacted with something pumping through Damien's blood.

The nimbus latched onto Damien's telekinesis. The alien thoughts in the priest seized Damien's and hauled his soul from his body. He fell through darkness into the priest's corrupted soul. Shock flooded the vampire as he stood on nothing in a void, buffeted by the priest's lusts.

A woman stood before him. She appeared young, youthful, eighteen, but her violet eyes were ancient. A predatory smile crossed her schoolgirl face while black-feathered wings spread behind her. Her body was petite, her dark-red nipples hard.

Jezebel, Damien growled as he rose in the priest's soul.

Well, this is a surprise, the sultry voice of the demon purred.

...sir, please, save me...

Aurora's voice came from the demon. Damien narrowed his eyes and clenched his fists. You have my property, Demon.

And you think you can take her back? laughed Jezebel.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Jezebel had seen many strange things in her eons of life, but never had a vampire's blackened soul appeared before when she possessed another. It should not have been possible for Damien to fall into the priest. Not even if Damien possessed the ability to astral project like some of his foul ilk could.

And yet he is here. How?

Damien snarled and launched himself at Jezebel. The demon danced back, her wings flapping. The violence tore at the priest's soul. Like when Aurora entered to challenge Jezebel this morning, their battle inflicted harm on Father Augustine.

Damien moved fast. His talent as a fighter translated into his perception of himself here. His fist struck Jezebel in the face, sparking black energy and sending her reeling back. Jezebel stumbled, rubbing her jaw and staring at him.

You have a bit of me in you, the demon purred.

What? Damien growled as he lunged his hands to grapple the demon.

She tried to dodge, but he was fast. He caught her right wrist, spun her around and twisted it behind her back. Pain flared through Jezebel as his free hand grabbed her other arm, pinning it to her side.

You fed on...Donna, Jezebel smiled. One of my familiars. The priest transformed her for me. And now her blood is in you. My power is in you. That is very interesting.

I don't care, Damien growled, maneuvering her arms. He seized both her wrists in one hand, his grip powerful. His other wrapped around her body and seized her by the throat. Release Aurora or I will kill you.

Jezebel laughed. Why kill me when you can fuck me?

The demon diverted the power she siphoned from Aurora, denying it to the priest and giving it to Damien. Lust poured into the vampire. Every muscle in his body tensed. His cock went hard, jabbing into the demon's ass.

Mmm, doesn't that feel wonderful, purred the demon. She undulated her ass, rubbing on his throbbing cock. Don't you just want to satiate yourself.

No, he groaned, his voice throaty. I want my angel back.

But she's my pet. You can join her.

Damien's hand tightened on her neck for a moment. She shuddered and moaned. His dick ached so hard. He trembled, fighting against the angel's lusts. But he was weak, his soul ultimately mortal and corruptible.

You can know my flesh. I can satiate your hard cock. Release me and you shall have every delight known to the universe. Every nerve stimulated.

His dick throbbed against her. He growled but his grip relaxed. He released her arms to hug her from behind. His hands found her small breasts, tweaking her nipples as his hips pumped against her, sliding his dick through the cheeks of her ass.

Yes, yes, that's it, purred Jezebel. Mmm, satiate your lusts.

Let me fuck you, panted Damien. Please, I need it.

You do, she moaned, but you've been so bad. You need to earn my pussy.

How? Anything!

Jezebel laughed and twisted in his arms. Her breasts pressed against his muscular chest. She loved his physical strength. It mattered not at all. Strength of spirit was all that mattered, and Damien's soul was an infant compared to hers.

Kneel and pleasure your Mistress, Damien.

Yes, he groaned, his dark eyes burning. His hard cock throbbed against her stomach, leaking precum.

Then he fell to his knees before her, staring up at her with adoration. His strong hands gripped her thighs as he pressed his face between her thighs. She shuddered as his masculine lips found her pussy. He ate her hard, fast, frantic. His tongue slid through her folds, brushing her clit.

Yes, yes, that's it, worship your Mistress.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Father Augustine fucked Abigail hard, fast. He ignored the pain throbbing in his chest. The pain didn't matter. He was strong. He had to force Abigail to admit the truth and say his cock made her wet. That she was his whore.

She lusts for me, not for some angel. Lying cunt!

Say how much you love my cock! he growled and cracked his hand hard on her ass.

She moaned in a mix of pain and pleasure. Oh, it's the angel's lusts. It makes your cock seem wonderful. But it's not. Mmm, no it's not. Any cock would feel amazing with Aurora's desires flooding in me.

Fucking whore! Stop lying!

Yes, stop lying, Mary hissed.

Sire was weak. The priest is stronger, better, gloated Rosa. You're such a bitch, Abigail. Weak like my Sire.

And then the lusts fled Father Augustine. His dick went limp in Abigail's asshole. He shook his head, exhaustion swirling around him. The energy that filled him, sent to him by the feminine voice, withdrew. Not all of it, but enough for him to feel the exhaustion from an entire day's worth of fucking. He let go of Damien. The vampire fell limp to the floor, unconscious.

What? he demanded. Why have you withdrawn from me?

The vampiresses shook their hands, lust fading from their eyes. Their horny moans ended. Abigail rose from the desk while the other four stopped masturbating fiercely. Joy looked at the priest, concern painting her face. The priest grit his teeth, fighting the exhaustion.

Answer me? What is going on?

You've lost Aurora's lust, Abigail hissed. You fucking asshole.

You made me beg for your cock, Lynette snarled, sliding alongside Abigail. Faust's former pet glared at the priest while Abigail bared her fangs.

That disgusting cock, Abigail added, glancing at Lynette. We should teach him a lesson.

Yes. Anger flashed in both vampiress's eyes.

Abigail and Lynette lunged at the priests, hissing with fury, their fangs flashing. They crashed into the priest, fingernails scratching at his skin as their teeth tried to find his flesh. The priest grunted, seized them, threw them to the ground.

He still had his strength. Most of it. But the voice had withdrawn power. Why?

Samantha and Mary followed, leaping at the priest, howling their fury.

Abigail rolled to her feet, a vicious smile on her face. Fear beat in the priests heart. He needed all the power. He threw Samantha across the room. She slammed into one of the large windows looking out on Chicago. Her body cracked the thick glass before she fell to the floor.

Oh, we are going to feast on you, Father, Abigail promised as she stood up.

Rosa crashed into Abigail.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Abigail grunted as Rosa slammed into her side. The two vampiresses hit the floor in a ball. Rosa's fingernails went for Abigail's throat, ripping and tearing. Abigail grunted and planted her knee into Rosa's stomach and heaved her off.

What the fuck are you doing? Abigail gasped as Rosa tumbled away.

The Latina vampiress rolled into a crouch, her dark eyes feral, her tits heaving. Freedom from Damien's collar!

He sired you, Abigail gasped in shock.

And you rebelled against your sire, sneered Rosa. Why are you surprised I'm rebelling against mine?

Anger soared through Abigail. Behind her, Samantha, Mary, and Lynette fought the weakened priest. Abigail wanted to rip off the priest's cock, but she had to take care of the bitch before her. My husband owns you, cunt.

Not any longer. He's too weak to stand up to the priest.

Rosa's hand shot out and snatched up a white oak crossbow bolt from Joy's discarded quiver. Rosa grimaced. Smoke curled around the vampire's fist as she rose. She held the crossbow bolt like an icepick.

I'll kill you first, Rosa smiled. I want Damien to suffer.

He gifted you immortality.

Exultation burned in Rosa's eyes. That was his mistake. Men think with their dicks too much.

Abigail hissed and lunged at Rosa. Their feet slapped on the tiled floors. They stepped over the half-conscious women and clashed. Rosa slashed with the bolt, her hand trailing smoke. Abigail twisted her body, moving, dodging.

Rosa had enhanced strength and reflexes, but she was new to fighting. Abigail knew her body. She had spent over a decade fighting vampires as a regular human. Her transformation had honed her instincts and skills to deadly perfection.

But Rosa had a weapon.

The bolt blurred as it sought to find Abigail's flesh. The vampiress darted back then circled Rosa. Abigail kept moving, waiting, watching. Rosa screeched and hissed, her attacks furious but uncoordinated.

You and Damien are both so weak, Rosa laughed as she lunged in. Caring about our prey. Keeping me from feasting.

Caring about survival, sneered Abigail. Do you have any idea what is out there? The forces that hunt our kind? You would be killed in a week.

Like any human could kill me! 

Rosa lunged hard. Abigail caught Rosa's wrist. The vampiress gasped as Abigail twisted the hand clutching the crossbow bolt and drove the white oak shaft into Rosa's chest. The vampiress's eyes widened. Her body went limp as the paralyzation took over.

Rosa crumpled to the ground.

I killed my first vampire at eighteen, Abigail sneered. Four of us, humans, untrained, unskilled, killed him. Sure two of us died, but that didn't matter. He was dead.

Rosa stared up at Abigail. Please...don't.

Kill you? Abigail planted her foot on Rosa's throat. Do you think Damien would forgive your betrayal? Do you really think he's weak?

Yes...he wouldn't want...one of his women...killed.

But you're not one of his women any longer. Abigail bent down and grasped Rosa's head. She squeezed the vampiress's skull, getting a firm grip. You tried to kill me. You're no better than Faust.

I'm sorry.

Abigail twisted. Meat tore. Bones popped. Rosa's head ripped from her body, blood spurting dark across the floor and forming a lake of crimson. The vampiress died. Abigail held her head then tossed it to the side. Before it stopped rolling, it desiccated black and then became dust.

The blonde whore of the priest fought with Lynette, shattering through the illusions conjured by the vampiress. Samantha and Mary pummeled the priest. He fell to his knees, covering himself as the two vampiresses tore at his flesh. His cassock shredded, blood oozing down his body.

I need the power back! snarled the priest. Why have you forsaken me?

Abigail didn't care why he was weakened. Her fingers flexed. She stepped over her husband's body, hoping he still lived, as she marched on the priest. He had to pay for violating her body and forcing her to say all those disgusting words.

Yes! growled the priest. YES! 

His voice boomed through the room. Windows shattered. Abigail staggered. Such power brimmed in his shout. He rose. A single blow cracked Mary in the skull, throwing the vampiress into an unconscious heap. Samantha turned to vapor. He seized her mist and she reformed in his hand. 

Traitorous bitch.

He smashed her into the floor. Samantha groaned and spasmed.

And you. The priest fixed mad eyes on Abigail. You will admit the truth. You! Loved! My! Cock!

The priest lunged at Abigail, a black blur, moving as fast as Mary. Abigail gasped, his fist suddenly about her throat. He lifted her into the air, his hand squeezing her. She kicked and struggled, her fingernails scratching at his arm.

It was like scratching diamond.

He brought her to the desk an slammed her down onto her back. The wood groaned and cracked. The desk wobbled beneath her, still held together but coming closer and closer to shattering. The priest brandished his cock, stroking it hard again.

You will love my cock again! he snarled.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Fuck her, Jezebel hissed, staring up into the dark void, speaking to the priest. Dominate her again.

Lust still gripped Damien. His tongue licked and explored the demon's cunt. Her spicy musk filled his nose and stained his lips. He loved her flavor. His dick ached to fuck her even as the strength of her lust wained.

A part of Damien realized she diverted energy back to the priest. Not all of it. She kept back the lusts. They poured into Damien, compelling him to keep licking her cunt. His dick had to be satisfied and if he pleased her he would get his release.

It angered and humiliated him that he submitted. He was helpless again, helpless before his lusts like he was helpless to stop Faust and Father Augustine from fucking his wife. Abigail's moans echoed through his mind, memories of both times she cuckolded him echoing together, merging so it seemed both the vampire and the priest fucked her at once, an amalgamation that drove his hatred.

Oh, yes, panted Jezebel. Mmm, you're even more eager. I love it. Keep licking me that hard and you'll make me cum.

...keep a hold...of that anger...sir... Aurora whispered. ...embrace it...it protects you...from my...lusts...

Damien ripped his heart to pieces as he recalled every wanton moan Abigail made as she writhed on Faust's and Father Augustine's cocks. Every buck, every orgasm, every ripple of pleasure across her face. He seized it while his tongue kept licking through the demon's cunt. His hands clenched on Jezebel's ass.

Mmm, yes, you love your Mistress's cunt. Once I cast your soul out of here, I'll make Augustine fuck your ass. And you'll beg for it. Beg to be his boy toy while your wife is his slut.

His anger spiked even harder. He snarled into her cunt as he plunged his tongue deep into her hot depths. He hated how hard his cock was. Hated the urge to obey her and bend over and accept the priest's cock like a true cuckold.

yes...yes...sir...now use...that anger...free me...lash out...with your...telekinesis...break my...prison...

Damien focused all his rage and humiliation into a single, concentrated thought. He thrust it like a dagger, following the trail of Aurora's whispers. Jezebel gasped above him as his telekinesis knifed through her soul, piercing into a prison and creating the tiniest of holes.

Yes, yes, Sir, Abigail shouted, her thoughts so much clearer. She touched his telekinesis. Now rip me free.

Damien heaved against the prison. He growled. Jezebel screamed and released his hair. She stumbled back, her head waving wildly as she clutched at her stomach. She fixed her violet eyes on Damien.

You! she hissed. What are you...? No!

The sea of anger and shame poured Damien's thoughts. He heaved open Aurora's prison, ripping the demon's soul. She screamed in agony as a head emerged from her stomach. Black hair dangled as Aurora pulled herself out. Her shoulders emerged and then her large breasts and crimson wings. They flapped as she wiggled.

Damien gained his feet. He rushed to her and seized her arm.

Sir! she cried out in delight as he pulled her into his arms and out of the demon's soul.

His angel hugged him, her wings wrapping about his body. His cock ached against her flesh, her nipples hard against his. She laughed and cried into his neck, her body shaking in his embrace. His angel was freed. His angel was his.

Nooooo! howled the demon.

Damien smiled.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Aurora's soul sang for joy in Damien's arms. Her vampire. He had come for her. Rescued her from her own hubris. She was weak, her lusts uncontrollable. She needed to be leashed to a will, focused and directed.

She needed to be Damien's.

Jezebel hissed behind her. 

Anger replaced joy. It transformed into hatred and then to the purest odium. Sir, Aurora purred, twisting in Damien's arms, we have a demon to deal with.

Yes, Jezebel purred, her hand sliding down to rub at her pussy.

Lusts seized Aurora. The demon pulled her fingers from her cunt and flicked her juices through the air. The scent beckoned Aurora. She had to feast and feed her hungers. Her soul ached and her pussy clenched to worship the demon's cunt.

But she also had her master's cock to serve. To love. His girth pressed into her hip, hard and throbbing. She focused on it, on his precum smearing into her skin. She absorbed his lust, removing it from his body, allowing him to think clearly.

Sir, what shall we do with her? purred Aurora. The demon-slut promised you satisfaction, but it feels like she failed to deliver.

Yes, she did, Damien growled.

Jezebel sauntered closer, her petite body bursting with all the promise of youthful delight. She cupped her small breasts and pinched dark-red nipples. I'm right here. Come worship my body.

Aurora moved first, her crimson wings flapping and carrying her through the priest tumultuous soul. She seized Jezebel and pressed her body against the demon. Jezebel purred as their nipples kissed. Then the demon seized Aurora's face. 

You will be mine again. Don't you want to be my whore. I'll summon my

Aurora seized a nipple and twisted. The demon's words cut off in a moan of painful pleasure. The demon shuddered. Like the vampires, agony and rapture were linked, both merging together, giving them bliss.

You're the one that needs to kneel, Aurora hissed into the demon's ear. You have a cock to please.

Aurora delighted in the rapture crossing Jezebel's face followed by realization. The demon shook her head. Fingers smeared in demonic cunt rubbed against Aurora's body, sweeping up to her bountiful breasts, infecting her with desire.

You have to submit to me, gasped the demon. You have to sin with me.

But God has given me Damien and his wonderful cock to serve, Aurora whispered. The Lord has provided me with a dick to fuck. Don't you want to experience it in your whorish cunt?

Aurora shoved her hand between the demon's thighs and rubbed at her wet pussy. Jezebel groaned, her body shifting, lust infecting her. Aurora glanced at Damien. He nodded his approval, standing strong and proud, her lusts in his hands. 

You have to...submit... panted the demon. Her hand shot out. Her sword formed.

Aurora's fingers rubbed at the demon's clit. A moan escaped Jezebel's lips. She shuddered, her knees buckled, and then she collapsed. Her breasts jiggled as she knelt. Damien approached and Aurora seized the demon's black hair.

Which hole would you prefer, Sir?

Damien thrust his cock into Jezebel's open mouth. The demon grunted and gurgled as the vampire's cock speared down her throat. Aurora smiled, her pussy clenching every time Damien's heavy balls slammed into the demon's throat.

Is her mouth wonderful, Sir? Aurora asked. She moved to him and pressed her body into his strong back. She rubbed her clit into his muscular ass, pumping with him, matching his rhythm as she ground on him. She drank his lusts as they poured out of him. Does she please you?

Yes, growled Damien. The fucking slut greatly pleases me.

Good, laughed Aurora.

Her lips nibbled on Damien's neck. Her clit ached against his ass. He was so strong. She rubbed her breasts into his back, her nipples bursting with excitement. She's the one that really cuckolded you, Sir. Fuck her mouth hard. Punish her.

You made my wife say those vile words, snarled Damien. You made her addicted to the priest's cock!

She did, Sir!

Damien fucked Jezebel harder. Aurora's pussy spasmed. Wicked waves of heat rushed through the angel's body. Her crimson wings twitched and flapped. She savored the wet, obscene sound of the demon sucking on Damien's cock, his shaft thrusting down her throat.

Aurora's clit ached on Damien's ass. She ground harder, loving his power. Her juices coated his ass as her orgasm built and built. Her hands stroked his stomach and chest, drinking in all his strength as she nibbled on his neck.

Cum down her throat, gasped Aurora. Make her drink all your cum. She forced the priest to fuck your wife. He forced Abigail to love it.

You fucking cunt! growled Damien.

His strokes were so hard. The slap of his balls on Jezebel's chin so loud. Aurora shuddered. She moaned. Her fingernails scraped along Damien's chest as her orgasm exploded through her. She bucked and gasped, juices squirting out of her body.

Damien growled, feeding on her lusts. Aurora!

Cum in her, Sir! the angel screamed as the rapture flowed through her mind. Her great enemy was defeated. Jezebel undone. Dump your cum down her throat.

Her wings threw wide as a second wave of bliss washed through her body. Her hands gripped Damien as he thrust his cock deep down Jezebel's throat. The vampire snarled as Aurora felt his balls unload. His body twitched with each pulse of his cum.

That's it. Dump your cum in the whore!

Jezebel moaned. Her wings flapped. Aurora drank in her lust, too, as her orgasm burst through her.

The world whirled around them as Jezebel swallowed Damien's cum. It spun and suddenly light engulfed them, harsh and artificial. Women groaned around him. Blood scented the air. Violence of the real world.

The priest lay collapsed on the floor. Abigail set up from a desk, her legs spread wide, her pussy covered in cum. Aurora licked her lips, wanting to feed on all that delicious jizz that leaked out of her while Damien continued to growl and dump his cum down Jezebel's throat.

May I punish her, Sir? Aurora whispered.

Yes, Damien snarled and ripped his cock from Jezebel's mouth.

Aurora summoned her corrupted sword. It dripped with blood. Jezebel panted, cum staining her lips, her eyes dazed from her orgasm. Aurora trembled. Her nipples ached as she placed the edge of her sword on Jezebel's neck.

The demon looked up. I guess you finally won.

Aurora smiled and raised her blade. I did.

She swung. The demon's head parted from her body. It tumbled across the floor. It came to a rest, eyes wide. Aurora savored it. An orgasmic shudder rippled through her body as the demon's head and body melted into shadows and poured down. The shadows didn't sink through the building, but through reality, taking the demon back to perdition.

Aurora planted her sword's point into the floor and leaned on it, surveying the battlefield. Joy rushed to the priest, grabbing him and dragging him away. Lynette, Samantha, and Mary lay groaning on the ground while Rosa lay dead.

Abigail gained her feet. Damien?

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Damien stared at his wife. She trembled before him. Blood stained her hands. Rosa's blood. She killed my vampiress.

Damien? she repeated as he stepped towards her.

Father Augustine's cum stained her thighs. The blonde carried the priest away. He stumbled, his body injured. A lingering touch of friendship, a decade of mentoring, held Damien from following. It wasn't the priest but Jezebel who caused so much pain to Damien. Father Augustine was possessed, the demon's tool.

And the demon was dead.

Damien, I... Abigail swallowed. I'm sorry. I couldn't help it...and... She glanced at her fingers. Rosa tried to kill me. And...

Damien seized her red hair and yanked hard. She gasped in pain as he pulled her across the room towards the large windows that ran from floor to ceiling. Most were shattered. The Chicago skyline glowed with artificial lights, the moon hanging above, Lake Michigan a wine-dark sea in the distance.

Damien, please, it wasn't me, she gasped as he shoved her against an intact window.

I know, he whispered into her ear as he drove his cock into her pussy.

Damien! she gasped, her voice throaty. Mmm, yes, Damien.

Her body undulated, her breasts streaking across the glass as her hips bucked back into his thrusts. Her pussy was a hot, molten furnace, swimming with the priest's seed. He had to cleanse her of the priest's touch, fuck her over and over, cum in her.

You're mine, Damien growled into her ear.

Yes, she answered, her pussy hot on his dick, gripping him. And you're mine!

Yes. Damien kissed at her neck, tasting her flesh, her blood pumping beneath her skin.

Beckoning.

He bit. Her blood flowed salty-sweet into his mouth. He shuddered, his dick aching in her depths. He pounded her hard. The tinted glass flexed with each thrust. Abigail's hips undulated, her pussy clenching and unclenching, loving his cock.

It wasn't you, growled Damien. Neither times. It was their control. They made you be their whores!

Yes! 

Their flesh slapped together. Her blood and tart pussy filled the air. A wonderful scent. He feasted on it. His teeth bit over and over, loving the hot spurts of her life flooding his mouth. She shuddered each time, her pussy clenching.

Below, sirens howled. More Chicago PD rushing to the scene. Samantha, gasped Abigail. Go stop the cops.

Yes, Dam, groaned the Vampiress.

Mary and Aurora, help her, ordered Damien.

Gladly, Sire, purred Mary. 

Yes, Sir.

Damien didn't care about the approaching cops. He had his wife. She bucked and shuddered. Her orgasm exploded through her. The vampiress's pussy spasmed about Damien's cock. A hot, sucking pleasure. He grunted, loving the feel.

I made her cum.

Her juices washed out around his cock, forcing out the priest's cum. She twisted against the glass, looking over her shoulders at him. She moaned, her green eyes flashing. His cock popped out of her cunt as she spun in his embrace, her breasts heaving before him.

Mmm, now you can really fuck me, she grinned, throwing her legs about his waist and slamming her cunt down his cock.

Yes! he growled as he seized her ass, holding her tight as he pounded her against the window.

The glass flexed. Groaned. Shattered. Shards reigned down upon them, cutting them. Their blood flowed about their bodies. Hot and salty. The rushing air swirled about them as their hands rubbed each other, massaging blood into muscles.

Oh, yes, Abigail moaned, licking at his wounds, drinking his blood, her pussy spasming about his cock.

Cum in me! Oh, yes! Oh, fuck, Damien! Do it! Spill in me! I need it.

Damien let out a throaty growl and slammed her pussy down his cock. She bucked and shuddered. Her head rolled back in her head. She gasped and shuddered. Hot, silky flesh massaged Damien's cock, eager for his cum.

Abigail!

His balls unloaded. He flooded her with his jizz, washing away the last of the priest's cum. She was his. He trembled before the city of Chicago, exulting in his wife's cunt and their shared pleasure. Their lips met, stained with both their blood.

Damien held onto his wife, treasuring this moment.

And then something stirred behind them. 

Lynette, Abigail groaned.

Damien turned to see his wife's best friend from high school. She looked the same, eighteen, black-haired, beautiful. Vincent's first victim. I should have known she would have ended up with Faust.

Lynette stretched, her battered body healing. That blonde bitch can punch.

She was a demon's familiar, Damien answered. That was why she was so strong. She had Jezebel's power in her.

Lynette shook her head. Faust is dead?

Damien smiled. Yes.

It all went to shit, she laughed, slumping down in the plush leather chair. I spent over a decade maneuvering Faust to kill the pair of you and it utterly destroys him. Everything he worked on, all the influence in Chicago he curried, all the souls he supplied to Jezebel. He was unstoppable, and then he grew to like my pussy.

Damien set Abigail down. His wife stretched then walked to Lynette. Now, what do we do with you?

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Father Hyrum Augustine woke up from a dark dream, the first golden rays of sunlight peaking through a gap in the curtain and landing right on his eyes. A soft voice talked in the background, droning on, like the news.

The priest stared at the sun. His soul felt...unburdened. The feminine presence, the demon he had glimpsed in the final moments of consciousness sucking Damien's cock was gone from his soul. He was clean.

Tears beaded his eyes. Lord, Lord, what did I do?

You're awake, a woman said. Father, you're awake.

He turned his head in time to see Joy, wearing a long t-shirt as a nightgown, fling herself at him. She buried her face into his chest, her body shaking as her tears wept from her eyes. He stared down at her, the poison gone from his thoughts and no feminine voice whispered tainted guidance.

Joy, he croaked.

You're awake. I was so worried, Father. She looked up at him, blue eyes shining with tears and more. Then she leaned up, her ruby lips wet, reaching for his.

He caught her shoulders, pushing her back. No.

She blinked. Father? It's been three days. Don't you need to satiate yourself with my sinful body? She let out a purring moan. I didn't masturbate. I wanted to, but I controlled my sin. For you, Father.

He shook his head, more tears coming. Oh, Lord, what did I do to you? All the degrading words he had said, spilling from the black part of his soul, rose in his memory. His lusts had festered in him, a rot the demon had used to consume and possess him. 

Donna and Samantha stolen from their families, transformed into vampires. All because I could not control myself.

You're not sinful, he groaned. He had believed those words gripped by his lusts and the demon. They were a shield, a dodge for his own sin. You're just you, Joy.

Father? she asked. But...but...I'm so horny. So wanton. I love sex.

That's just being human. He closed his eyes and stroked her head with a strong hand. He felt strong. He opened his eyes and stared at his chest, muscular and youthful. His body's changes had remained when Jezebel fled him.

Lord, you have given me a second chance.

Damien?

He let us escape, Joy said. The news is talking about it nonstop. Here. She grabbed the remote from the nightstand. 

We're in a motel room.

Joy turned up the volume of the TV. Shots of Faust Tower surrounded by rescue workers, lines of body bags stretched out on the sidewalk besides burning wrecks of cars.

Chicago still reels three days after two terrorist attacks devastated the city's leadership and police force. In the early dawn, many prominent City, County, State, and Federal leaders, including the Mayor of Chicago, both Senators for the state of Illinois, and five Representatives were killed in a mansion on the Gold Coast. And then another hundred members of Chicago's Finest fell defending Faust Tower against their second attack.

Sweet Mother of God, the priest gasped. Damien and his women did all... He closed his eyes. I ordered those cops to be there. I...

It was the demon, Joy whispered. I felt her leave me when she died. The stain that gave me power and...

The priest wept, and Joy held him to her breast. She stroked his hair and soothed him. He clung to her for a long time, pouring out his sins and promising to do better. He had his second chance. He wouldn't fail.

We still have the weapons, Joy whispered. We can still fight evil. Just like you planned.

The priest looked up at her through tear-stained eyes. The motel room's light haloed about her golden hair. What?

If the demon used us for evil, we can get back at her by doing good. She cupped his whiskered cheeks. Me and you, Father.

My second chance.

We can, child.

And then her lips kissed his, soft and sweet. He clung to her. Not his whore, but his woman. He was a priest no longer. He had failed to uphold his vows. He had disgraced his church. But he could find a new way to serve mankind.

He would be their protector.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Britney shuddered as her mother's fangs bit into her areola. Milk and blood flowed into the vampiress's mouth. Britney lay on their bed staring up at the cement ceiling blocking out the day's sun, protecting her family.

Mommy, gasped Britney, her hips undulating as her mother fed. After three months, her mother and the other vampires had not tired of feasting on her milk and blood. Britney, along with Vicky, were their thralls.

It was her purpose to be fed on.

The pleasure flowed through her as she savored her mother's incestuous suckling. Her toes curled every time her mother suckled. Britney loved the way her milk flowed out of her nipple and her blood pumped from her wounds.

And her mother's venom flowed through her veins.

Stars danced above Britney's head as she savored her mother's feasting. Her body twitched and her toes curled. She stroked her mother's golden hair, the same shade as her own. Britney let out a throaty moan.

Oh, yes, Mommy. Mmm, you need to feed. You need all the blood so you can be strong and powerful.

Her mother's blue eyes flashed up at her. Britney shuddered as she sucked harder. Her pussy dripped with excitement. She humped and writhed, pressing her wet sex into her mother's flat stomach. Her clit ached, the pleasure bursting in her.

Britney's heart thundered beneath her breast. She squirmed, grinding harder, smearing her clit against her mother's flesh. The ache was wonderful. The young woman enjoyed the delight. She licked her lips and moaned again.

So good, Mommy. I love it when you feed.

As much as when Sire does it? her mother asked, lifting her milk-and-blood-stained lips.

No, he's better, Britney shuddered. But then he owns me.

Her mother laughed then slid up Britney's body. Their large breasts pillowed together as Britney and her mother kissed. The young woman savored her salty blood and creamy milk mixed on her mother's lips.

This is so wonderful.

Britney didn't miss her father or infant brother. She had a new family forged by Damien and Abigail's dark kiss. Britney would never forget it. The hot knife of pain as his fangs sank into her neck followed by ecstasy as her life flowed into his mouth.

She gripped her mother's ass, their pussies grinding together, their clits rubbing. Her mother broke the kiss and smiled. Mmm, that's nice. Do you want to scissor?

Oh, that sounds wonderful, Mommy.

Her vampiress mother moved with grace Britney envied. Her mother turned around and spread her legs. She twisted as their legs scissored together and then their cunts met in an incestuous kiss. Her mother's pussy was almost as hot as hers, the vampiress absorbing Britney's body heat as they writhed together on their bed.

Both women bucked and gasped, their tits heaving as they tribbed their cunts together. Their flowing juices lubed the way. Milk flicked from Britney's nipples. She brought one to her mouth, suckling her own milk as the pleasure burst in her pussy.

That's it, baby girl, moaned her mother. Oh, yes, grind that cunt into my flesh. So hot. I love it!

Britney moaned about her fat nipple. Her milk filled her mouth. She swirled it around, loving the rich flavor. Her toes curled and she ground harder. Her clit ached every time it brushed her mother's, sparking like flint striking steal.

The sparks showered through her pussy, trying to catch her alight and burn through her body. Her breasts heaved and her nipple popped from her mouth. Her moans joined her mother's, echoing through the room, bouncing off the heavy reinforced concrete of the bunker walls.

Oh, yes, Mommy! Let's cum on each other's pussies.

Ooh, that would be so hot, baby girl! Oh, yes! I'm so close!

Me, too, Mommy!

Britney grasped her mother's right ankle, holding it as she humped her hips faster. Their pussies rubbed together, the friction growing hotter and hotter between them. Her mother sucked and nibbled on her toes, biting, drawing droplets of blood.

Giving Britney sweet delight.

Mommy! she screamed when her pussy burst inside her cunt.

Juices squirted out of her, splashing into her mother's twat. Britney shuddered, her hips bucking out of control as the pleasure rippled through her. A moment later, her mother screamed and a gush of cream splashed against Britney's snatch.

Yes, yes, cum with me, Mommy! gasped Britney as the waves of pleasure shuddered through her. She embraced them. 

Yes, baby girl, her mother hissed, her blonde hair tossing and large tits heaving. Yes, yes, so good.

The iron door of their room opened. Aurora stuck her head in. The angel's wings fluttered. Her nose twitched as she inhaled the musk. Such sweet sin in here.

So sweet, gasped Britney.

Another monster hunts and prowls, Aurora purred. Another vampire feeds.

Oh, yes, Britney gasped, her heart thudding. A hunt!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Damien eyes snapped open. The sounds of approaching feet echoed through the abandoned and decommissioned bunker. It lay in the middle of the Kansas farmland, purchased in secret years ago by Faust as a retreat. Damien set up in his bed, the black sheets falling away from his naked body.

Beside Damien, his two vampiress wives rose. Abigail on his left, her red hair spilling about her naked shoulders, Lynette on his right. She stretched her back, her eyes fixed on the door. Damien heard all his family's feet out there.

The iron door creaked open. Aurora led them in, Samantha and Mary following, then Donna, and last the two thrallsBritney and Vickie. Aurora's crimson wings spread wide as she knelt at the foot of his bed.

Sir.

Where is the vampire hunting? Damien smiled. It had been three weeks since their last hunt.

Kansas City, Missouri, Aurora answered. Three missing, turned or dead.

Mmm, foolish vampire to feed so close to us, Abigail purred. When is nightfall?

Three hours, Ma'am.

Abigail pressed against Damien, her lips nuzzling at his neck. Plenty of time for some fun.

Lynette laughed on the other side, he hand grasping Damien's cock. He groaned, savoring the feel of her fangs biting into his flesh. Aurora's mouth engulfed his dick, sucking hard. He ached in her mouth, but not just from delight of his wives and women.

But for the hunt.

The END