Eros' escape leads to more losses.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

I Dream of Demie 39 - Kate and Amy (MF, cons, magic)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

"Tillie!" I pounded on the siren's door. "Is Otie with you?" Her door creaked open. There was no one there. "Tillie?"

"Let me go first," Demie said, stepping in front of me before we entered Tillie's apartment. "Tillie?" She strode forward carefully.

We found the siren lying on her couch, her face locked in a familiar rictus of pleasure. Eros had kissed her as he escaped, sucking her soul from her body. Now deceased, her innate ability to appear as someone's greatest regretful love was gone, and I saw her as she really was, a brown-haired, somewhat plain woman. Demie confirmed to me that it was her, despite the change in appearance.

"Fuck!" I cried out in despair. While the siren had almost killed me when she had been starving, she and I had since become friends, and she and Otie, the changeling formerly known as Other Tom, with my form and recent memories, had become even more. "Otie!"

We checked the rest of the apartment, but it was empty. Discouraged, we headed back to our apartment to call the coroner, or 911...did you call 911 when someone was obviously dead? Guess I was about to find out.

---

The large, well-muscled woman pushed open the door to the small library. Two tall bookshelves had been pushed over, and she drew the sword from the scabbard on her back as she carefully approached the hairy mass she could see beneath them. The blade glittered, almost sparking, as it cleared its housing. Holding the weapon before her, its persistent, otherworldly glow washed over the bookshelves. She saw the headless body of a large beast under them...a bear? she wondered. No, she amended as she moved to a better angle, a massive dog...hellhound? She thrust her blade into its chest. Instantly, the hound's dead flesh writhed and became a gray and formless blob. The demon that had lived in that primal matter was gone, she realized, and there was too much there for her to transport.

She looked at the books scattered about the library and on the remaining shelves. So much wood and paper...those would do, she decided.

A few minutes later, she exited the 200-year-old bed & breakfast and looked back at the smoke as it curled out the windows. The owner had been dead when she arrived, and everyone else had already fled. She figured the authorities were on their way, but she sat on the seat of her Kawasaki, pulled a small necklace with a red crystal out from around her neck, and held the gem before her eyes, concentrating. It glowed briefly, and then seemed to lean in one direction, as if pulled by a magnet.

She waited until she was sure that the library, at least, was unrecoverable. Hearing the sirens approach, she started her motorcycle up and rode in the direction that the amulet had indicated.

Someone had broken the rules of The Deal, and they were going to pay.

---

Frustrated, I hit the Internet. Maybe it was the recent Dooby Gang adventure still affecting me, but I felt that I had to get out ahead of this. Aaron Bilson was the last person that we knew had possession of the demon summoning book, and we never found it after he died. Whoever used it next, Eudora's current master, had to have found Bilson's hiding spot. I searched up Bilson's address and got a hit: a suspicious fire there about three weeks ago. That would have been Eudora's summoning, I figured, but it had taken out the entire building! A bunch of people had died.

There were no details of who had lived in Bilson's old apartment after him, of course, privacy laws and all. Still, that was a place to start.

Kate came into my bedroom, naked as usual. Despite my dour mood, my cock perked up a little at seeing her voluptuous naked body. It had been long enough since baby Amy was born...was she ready for her first vaginal sex?

"Tom, can you come into the living room, please?" she asked.

I went and sat down on the couch next to Demie, who shrugged at my questioning look.

Kate stood in front of us, holding the baby. "Demie is concerned that her abilities are going to fail on her if we go after Eros. She says she lost her strength a little earlier?"

I looked over at Demie and blushed. I had taken her roughly, something that wasn't normally possible. I nodded.

Kate looked at me. "And you, you were feeling strong? I love you, Tom, but you're not exactly Dwayne Johnson."

I blushed again, but for a different reason. "Hey, I'm...um..." No, she was right, I realized. I've said it before: I'm a lover, not a fighter. "Do you know what's going on, Kate?"

"I think so. Remember when you told me about the fun you had with that lady in the sauna? She was horny, acting like she could smell Demie's scent on you, but you were certain that wasn't possible."

I thought back. What was that woman's name? Ah, Vicky! "Yeah, that was weird. It's related?"

Kate looked back and forth between us. "I'd been keeping a close eye on the both of you, and your unique energies, before you found me in your closet. I think due to the fact that Demie's summoning was botched and she didn't immediately kill you..." she took a breath, "...you two are sharing Tom's soul. It's causing some...spillover. When Eros made Demie kiss you, so she fully absorbed your soul, and then my protective spell kept you from dying until she put it back, I think that made the connection physical, so we have the recent incidents of scent and strength. Prior to that...do you remember being able to read people's fantasies from their minds, or hypnotizing someone?"

I thought back. There had been a moment, after Dianna Shepherd had burst into my apartment, kicking my ass for knocking her up, where I had convinced her to stop, but thinking back, in that moment I had felt strange, like I had somehow imposed my will upon the policewoman. I should have come out of that encounter minus my balls. "Yeah."

Demie sat forward. "Wait wait wait...you're saying that Tom stole my strength? And my scent one time, and before that, my hypnotic gaze?"

"Yes...Tom, do you remember how you were feeling at those times?"

"Well, with Dianna, I was scared because she was so angry, not to mention kicking the shit out of me. With Demie, I was angry." I looked over at the demon, and then back to Kate. "With Vicky...hmm...I was relaxed, feeling good."

Kate nodded, looking at me strangely. "So your emotional state seems to factor in...ohh..." She stumbled a little, and I jumped up to grab Amy from her.

"Are you all right?" I asked her.

She took my shoulder to steady herself, and then straightened and pulled her hand back. "Yes...that's the last of the love potion being deactivated. I've been working on the antidote since we last fought Eros, and after what happened to Tillie, I took it."

I stared at her. "What...Kate...?"

She held out her hands and I handed Amy back. The ex-witch looked at me closely, examining my face. "It's dangerous here for Amy, Tom...I had to know if I was staying for true love or not, and..." she blinked, "...it's not. I can see that now."

I sat down hard on the couch, gutted. I had told Kate before that the love she felt for me wasn't real, but she had always argued against that.

Kate looked thoughtful. "Emotional state...you two being connected..." She glanced down at Amy. "Is it that simple? Demie, can you please come with me?" They went to Kate's room.

A moment later I heard a ghastly roar. Kate screamed, and Amy started crying. I rushed into Kate's room and found Demie pulling her face back together from some horrific configuration. Kate was holding the crying Amy to her bosom with one arm while she waved the other and murmured strange syllables that seemed to skitter across my awareness. After a few seconds, something in the room seemed to shift.

"That's it," Kate said, smiling. "Amy inherited my magic, but she and I are connected, possibly because I never lost my virginity until just as she was born; she took it on the way out. When she got frightened and I was holding her, like when Tillie and Shepherd broke into the apartment, I was able to channel the power, using Amy as if she was some sort of magical battery. I've just cast a spell that makes that connection permanent, so I don't have to keep frightening her."

With that, she gestured and spoke more eldritch words that avoided my awareness, and then the closet gave a "WHOOMP!" sound. Through it, I could see Kate's laboratory.

She gestured, and her alchemical paraphernalia rose up and floated through the dimensional doorway. Kate turned to me, her jaw set. "I'm sorry, Tom, but I won't take the chance that Eros won't try to hurt Amy."

I didn't know what to do. "Kate, I..."

Her equipment now back in her lab, she looked at each of us. "Goodbye, Tom. Goodbye, Demie." Then she stepped through the portal, and with another "WHOOMP!" sound, she was out of our lives.

Demie turned to me. "We didn't exactly have time to discuss, but now that I've acknowledged you as my master, um, what do you want to do...Master?"

---

Eros closed the front door behind him. "Honey, I'm home!" he called out in his best Ricky Ricardo impression.

Patty dashed out of the kitchen -- "Eros!" -- and leapt into his arms. She almost kissed him, but then pulled back.

"Ooh, so close!" he chuckled and let her to the floor.

She looked up at him with adoration. "Did you manage to get that unfinished business taken care of?"

The muscular demon flopped onto the couch. "Sort of...not as well as I'd hoped, but I made an impression. I'll get back to that at some point. Come, sit." He patted next to him, and she sat. "Anything about ol' Carl?" That was the man that Patty had killed in order to summon him.

She looked uncomfortable. "Well, my boss was surprised to find out that I lived right next door. Oh, I work for the fire department, by the way. Like you said, though, I just told them that I had been asleep during the fire, and they believed me." She paused. "Um, Eros, did you take the book?"

"I sure did, Patty. Can't be too careful; it's safe, though it's not like you have a second soul in order to summon another demon, huh?" He grinned at her with his Fabio-like face.

Her soul...Patty didn't want to think about that. "So, umm...do you think we can get back to what we were doing before you had to go?"

He gave her an appraising look. "Hmm...I think we can do that, my sexy Mistress." He reached forward and ripped her baggy shirt wide, revealing her braless, C-cup breasts.

She gasped and felt her pussy moisten from the rough treatment. As he reached for her yoga pants, she cried out, "NO! These are LuluLemon; not cheap!" He backed off as she stood and pulled them off carefully, along with her underwear.

However, she had interrupted the momentum. Eros just sat there, looking at her, waiting.

"Well? Clothes off, Eros!" she commanded. His clothing dissolved, leaving the muscular demon sitting naked, his hard 6" cock sticking up, ready for her. She jumped into his lap and rubbed her wet pussy lips all over his member. She felt the flared head of his cock bump against her clit as she slid back and forth, looking down at the handsome demon. "Ooh, why can't I kiss youuu?" she moaned. Sex was good, but she loved romance novels. Sex without kissing was just rutting, she felt.

Eros grabbed her hips and held her still as he lined her pussy up with his cock. "Because you'd die...we discussed this, Patty." Then he pulled her down upon his member. "Aah..."

"Oh, God..." she moaned.

"Ugh...let's not bring HIM into this." He lifted her up and pulled down again, making her cry out in pleasure as he bottomed out inside her.

"I...I can kiss your neck, and cheek?" she mewled as she started to ride him. At his nod, she did just that, planting smooches down the side of his face and neck. Unseen, Eros rolled his eyes and grabbed her rounded hips in order to increase the pace of the fucking.

"Unh! Ohh, Eros..." Patty moaned as she came. She reared up and he took one of her wide areolas into his mouth. "Mmmuhh..." she breathed as her orgasm continued.

He stood up, lifting her body effortlessly, and she instinctively wrapped her extremities around him. Using his muscular arms, he was able to lift her up and down upon his hard cock.

After fighting with her body for most of her life, Patty loved how Eros made her feel sexy and like she barely weighed anything. She hugged herself around his neck and moaned as she came again.

Then he sped up, thrusting hard and fast. Up until the previous week when Eros had first cum inside her, Patty had always used condoms, but she knew that she wouldn't ever again. She loved the feeling of his hot semen filling her, with the added bonus that he couldn't actually knock her up because he wasn't human. She realized that she had mixed feelings about that...the danger, the possibility of getting pregnant, was exciting too!

"Urr...urrahh...UNNHH!" Eros grunted, and she felt his stuff shoot deep inside her, giving her one last orgasm.

"Uhh! Mmm!" She shook in pleasure, her sexually satisfied body producing hormones that made her feel closer and more emotionally connected to her demon lover.

---

My phone chimed. It was a text message from...me? Thinking that Otie had somehow managed to contact me from wherever he was, I opened it.

*Congratulations, squire! She is with foal!* And there was an attached image and a MeTube link.

This was from Oberon, I realized! He had transformed me into a donkey weeks ago and made me have sex with a female donkey, Jenny-- no, a female donkey was called a jenny, I remembered. To secure my release, Demie had videoed the whole thing and given him my phone. But I had a new phone now...how was he--? I shook my head; right, magic. I sat there, looking at both links. I should just delete the message.

I tapped the image. I had only seen the jenny briefly as she was led away after, but there she was, her stomach getting big with my...foal. My vision became hazy, and in the image I saw the pretty woman that I had thought I was having sex with while I was unknowingly a donkey. She was pretty, her stomach rounded with my child...

I deleted the message. Undoubtedly Oberon had already seen that I had read it, and was laughing his elven butt off.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)