My neighbours Sally and Jack had gone to visit her mother, apparently she 
wasn't feeling too well. 

"Will you please look in on Jean and Mandy from time to time. Make sure 
they're not wreaking the place and they have everything they need."

"Sure Sally, be glad to. They're good kids. Hope your mum's feeling better 
soon."

Jean and Mandy were fourteen and fifteen year old sex bombs. Blond, slim, 
tall, nice tits and gorgeous tans. They both had their navels and tongs 
pierced and when they had bare midriffs, which they usually had all summer, 
I could see tattoos peeping up from their shorts or jeans. 

Later that afternoon I answered the phone.

"Hi Tom, it's Jean. We've got a bit of a problem can you come over please."

"Hi Tom thanks for coming over so quick said Jean as she answered the door 
wearing a dressing gown."

"What's wrong?"

"Mandy'll tell you she's in mums bedroom, go on up."

"Hi Tom come in," said Mandy as I opened the door.

"What the fuck?"

"I've got this dildo stuck in my ass and I can't get it out," she said in a matter 
of fact voice. 

Mandy, naked, was kneeling on her parents bed, ass pointing straight at me 
with a big black dildo sticking out of her bunghole.

"We were fooling around and it kinda got stuck. Mum said we should call you 
if we had a problem so that's what I did."

"Tha." Looking around I was staring at a completely naked Jill.

"Well, can you get it out?"

"I think so. Did you use any lube?" Well what the fuck could I do? They had a 
problem. First I'd fix it and then I'd sort out the rest. 

"No," replied Jill.

"Well do you have any lube?"

"No."

"Any butter, Vaseline or baby oil?"

"There's some oil in the bathroom," said Jill.

"Go fetch then."

"Mandy, I'm going to try to get it out OK."

"Aieooooo!"

"Ok it's wedged in there solid. Thanks Jill, I'll try to get some of this in around 
the shaft. Stick your ass up in the air. At a girl. Now I'll pour it around the 
thing. No it's not going in. I'll have to try to force it in hold on, this is probably 
going to hurt."

I poured the oil over my hand and tried to slide a finger in alongside the shaft, 
to lubricate it. There just wasn't room. Then I tried to open her arse wider, still 
no joy. Then I saw the pool of oil disappear, it must have found a way in. I 
took hold of the dildo and it rotated a little. It would come out. However if I 
removed it that would be the end of my fun. 

"Sorry Mandy it won't move. I'm going to have to try and push it out from the 
inside."

"How?"

"I'll lube my hand real well then slip it into your pussy."

"No fuckin way."

"It's the only way to get it out. Once my hand's in there I can hopefully find 
the top through your membrane and I can push on it."

"No fuckin way."

"Sorry Mandy it's the only way."

"Argh! Oomph! Oh Shiiiiiiittttttttt."

"Nearly there, I hope you weren't a virgin."

"Not since she started to grow hair on it and then shaved it off," said Jill. 

"Argh! Oomph! Oh Shiiiiiiittttttttt."

"That's it I'm in. Now all I have to do is rotate it and find. The. Top. That's it, I 
can probably push it out now."

Plop! And the dildo fell on the bed. 

I still had my fist up her pussy. 

"I'll just have to check if it did any damage," and I slid a couple of fingers of 
my other hand into her ass. 

"Fuckin bastard."

"Sorry Mandy but it's for your own good."

"Argh! Oomph! Oh Shiiiiiiittttttttt."

I had my whole fuckin hand up her arse, my other was still in her pussy.

"Nope can't find anything wrong. Might as well finish what you started with 
that fuckin black dildo."

"I'm cummiiiiinnnnnnnngggggggg, I'm cummiiiiinnnnnnnngggggggg, I'm 
cummiiiiinnnnnnnngggggggg, oh fuck I'm cummiiiiinnnnnnnngggggggg!"

Jill was opening my trousers. Fuck I'd probably go to jail for life but it would 
be worth it. 

Mandy subsided and collapsed onto the bed. Sally had my prick in her 
mouth. I lay down on the bed beside Mandy and Sally climbed up beside me 
and shuffled around so her shaven pussy was over my mouth. Fuck I was in 
heaven. 

"I want your cock in my ass," she said when she came up for air."

"It'll hurt."

"It won't be the first prick I've had in there. Come on fuck my arse."

Well, I wasn't going to refuse now was I. So. I had her kneel up beside her 
dozing older sister.  

"I'll have to lube you first."

"OK but don't be all day I want to cum."

She was going to fuckin cum all right. I spread the oil over my hand and slid 
two fingers into her arse. She reached behind and pulled her cheeks wide. 
Four fingers. My thumb. My wrist. I was all the way in! 

"I needed a good fist fuck," she panted, "Come on make me cum."

Fuck she was as wild as her sister. I slid a couple of fingers into her pussy.

"No don't! Please you can't! Not both at once! Not like Mandy. Please no!"

It was too fucking late I had both fists inside her. This is the hottest fuckin 
thing I've ever been with. 

"I'm cummiiiiinnnnnnnngggggggg, I'm cummiiiiinnnnnnnngggggggg, I'm 
cummiiiiinnnnnnnngggggggg, oh fuck I'm cummiiiiinnnnnnnngggggggg!"

I slid my hands free and my cock went up her arse. Fuck this was one hot 
kid. It didn't take long before I dumped my load in amongst her knobbly shit. 
She collapsed on the bed and I just staid there prick still in her ass.

	Now I don't get many opportunities to ass fuck girls. Hell I very rarely 
get the opportunity to fuck, I usually have to rely on my hand. So I was going 
to fulfil one of my fantasies.

 "What the fuck!"

"Relax Jill I'm just taking a leak."

"Inside me!"

"Yea great isn't it."

"Fuckin bastard you're pissing inside my arse."

"Hang on, I'm going to fill you to overflowing. Wild isn't it?"

"Fuckin bastard, it's uncomfortable."

"Nearly finished Now just hang on, don't want my piss running out of you 
on your way to the bog, I'll just have to plug you with something. Hang on 
OK this'll do."

"What the fuck. You stupid bastard It's the dildo that got stuck up Mandy's 
arse. I'll never get it our and I need to shit!







 
