
For the rest of our holiday we did lots of sight seeing and holiday stuff, we also made love every night and I made Gemma cum lots.  Then on the last night.

" You can have my ass again. "  She said.

" No way, I don't want to hurt you on the last night, you have to go back to your dad's tomorrow afternoon."    I said

" No I don't actually.  I am on school holidays remember, I can stay with you as long as I like. "  She said, she was trying to convince ME that it was OK to ass fuck her.... Why was I trying to talk her out of it?  Maybe I just didn't trust myself to hold back.

I gave in and I fetched the lube, she was naked when I got back... I still marvelled at her bony body, her skinny arms and legs seemed so breakable, so fragile.. And the body so small, I couldn't help but be amazed that Id done so much with this girl and she hadn't broken yet.  It was unexplainable.  I sat on the sofa and I had her straddle me, she aimed my cock like a porn star and sat on it till it popped inside, then slid slowly and smoothly down my length till no more would go in without force, I hugged her tightly to me and rocked her back and forth, trying to prod at her prostate...  I found a spot she obviously liked and concentrated on it, I managed to fuck her ass like this for the next 20 minutes, I was 7.5 inches deep in her rectum, and I was pulling out around 2 inches before sliding back in but with no force... I could feel her body reacting to the constant pressure in her ass and she eventually had an orgasm, her ass clenched like a vice around my cock and spazzmed open and closed, her pussy was soaking my balls, she held on to her orgasm for at least 2 minutes before whispering in to my ear.

" Oh my god, that was strongest cum I ever had...  I can still feel it making my legs weak, Oh my god... " She panted and carried on bouncing... she managed to bring herself off 3 more times, each time she said the orgasm was more powerful, she juddered and swooned for minutes after each one.  She eventually got too tired to continue and I wanted to fuck her now, I picked her up and switched, I put her on the sofa and took her Missionary, I held her close and fucked her steadily but only with 7.5 inches, just so it wouldn't hurt her.   

" You can push it all in when you cum babe. "  She whispered in my ear, I smiled at her, sacrificing herself for me, putting herself through pain for me.  What a perfect girlfriend she really was.

I fucked her ass for around 20 minutes and I felt my balls tighten, I held her tight to me and pushed hard till my whole cock was in her ass,  cum blasted out of my helmet and flooded her colon.   I held her still with my cock buried to the hilt for a good 2 minutes while I rocked back and forth milking my orgasm of every pleasurable second.  When Id finished she was still smiling with tears in her eyes.

" It really does hurt when you put it all up my ass, I think it will always hurt,  just the last bit pushes up on my belly and feels like I'm being stabbed.... I can deal with it not too bad when it's only for a few minutes but when you do it really hard for hours I can't cope and I keep passing out,  When I passed out before I could swear that you just keep fucking me anyway. "  She said

" I do babe, I just keep fucking you while your passed out... and then you wake up and I fuck you till you pass out again, and I just keep going,  last time I did it I fucked you for 7 and a half hours in the ass and during one part you passed out about 20 times but I just kept going. "  I told her.... Confession.  " I thought that I might as well do it, if I enjoy fucking your ass while your limp and lifeless, at least your not in pain then. "  I said.

" I don't mind babe, I want you to have your fun as well as give me mine... I know how much you love ass fucking me like that, really hard and deep till I scream and faint. "  She said.

I was getting hard again and she felt it in her ass...   

" Am I turning you on? "  She asked.

" Yes, totally. " I said

" OK well, you can keep going if you like, just not too hard to start with OK. "  She said, she smiled at me, I knew she didn't want to keep going, but once again she was putting my desires in front of her own comfort.  I loved her so very much.

" Ok babe, I will try and do it softer for you at first."   

And that I did, I fucked her in firm thrusts for another 40 minutes then I had her switch to doggy and I fucked her again for another 40.  I loved stretching out my baby's ass , even though I wasn't hammering her, she just lay belly on the sofa and moaned as I fucked her bum.

" You can fuck me harder if you want to babe, I can take passing out a few times I think. " She said.

I didn't waste any time, I buried it all, I squatted down and reamed her ass with my entire length as she started her first wave of screaming, I fucked her long and very hard for 10 minutes and then I wanted her to faint so I started battering her in vicious hard stabbing poke. I knew this hurt her the very most and she was screaming her head off now, I carried on as her tiny body went limp and silent around 10 minutes later, I picked up the pace while she was out and enjoyed her floppy form to the max, her ass felt so different while she was out, it was so much softer and still tight but not so tense, it was wonderful sodimising her so violently while she lay motionless, I loved watching her head and arms flop and judder as I slammed forward each time, she was out for 30 minutes and I savaged her hard as possible for the whole time, allotting to hold her arms back and get maximum thrusting power.  I was still pummelling her insides when she woke and began screaming again, I decided not to stop.... She screamed and screamed as I Fucked her in the same savage fashion for another 10 and she passed out again, I carried on.... 30 minutes later she was still out and I was still in the same position battering all 9.5 inches of my hard cock in her tiny 11 yr old ass... As she woke this time I pulled out and asked her to suck me, she turned around, looked at my filthy cock and reluctantly took it in her mouth, I pushed it to the back and she knew I wanted her to swallow the whole lot... she took it all 3 times with breathing breaks in between and I fucked her throat.. On the last occasion I cum like a volcano straight into her stomach..

" That was superb babe, I love you so much, I'm so happy you let me do this stuff to you. "  I Said

" It's ok babe, I love you. "  She said.

She looked weak and a bit sick, no doubt from the shit on my cock but she wasn't sick in the end, she went and washed out her mouth in the bathroom and brushed her teeth for a long time, she came back and I looked at her swollen red ass hole.

" You took me for another 5 hours babe, that's a long time to be ass fucking someone of your age. "  I said.

" Would you like to fuck someone younger than me in the ass for 5 hours? "  She asked.

" Of course I would babe, but I love you and only you, I won't cheat and there's not much chance I will ever get the opportunity is there? "  I said.

" You never know "  she said and smiled. (If I didn't know better Id say she was planning something)  

" Well, of course I would like too, but Im not going to because you're my girl forever now and I won't have sex with anyone else. "   I said.  She liked this and her smile told me so.

" How young a girl do you think you could ass fuck and get it ALL inside? "  Good question.

" All depends on the girl, I mean I could probably get all inside an 8 yr old Thai hooker, but I might struggle to get it all in a small 9 yr old virgin. " I said

" I think you could Fuck a 7 yr old and get it all in how hard you do it. " 

" Not and the girl live after " I said

" Id love to see you do it to another girl, I want you to do it. " She said. The magic words for Gemma, `I want' usually means I'm going to have.  I hoped she was right.

Id never considered fucking another girl since I got this chance, and Id also never considered fucking a girl against her will, but that's what she sounded like she was suggesting.  I didn't push it, I will see what happens later on in our relationship.

We packed our things and the flight home was tiring, we got back to my house and crashed immediately opting to set no alarm we both slept for over 10 hours.  We got up and had some lunch,  it was 1pm on a Monday afternoon.  I asked Gemma if she wanted to go home to see her dad but she said no so we settled in for the night with a DVD and a bottle of wine, we ate a light salad at dinner time and later on then she said this.

" When we move in together, do you think we could kidnap a girl and keep her as a sex slave? "  

I almost spat my wine out.

" I don't think that's such a good Idea, if I were to get caught with what we are doing I might be able to get away with it because you could deny the charges and not help with the police enquiry,  if I got caught with a kidnapped girl in my house they would lock me up forever and Id probably be killed by the other prisoners. "  I said

" So you think it's possible, but you just don't want to get caught. "  

" Yes that's right, I don't want to go to prison. "  I said.

" Ok, what if we managed to get a runaway or something, I could help you talk her in to letting us help her, then when there was nothing on the news about her for weeks, you wouldn't worry so much. "  She was convincing.

" Maybe, but I have everything I need in you babe. "  I said.

" Over the next few months, my holes are going to get looser and eventually your not going to want to fuck me as much, and you will need a new girl to abuse,  I want you to have everything you want forever, I will still love you and marry you and be yours... Just you'd also have someone to pound on that was still tight as a little girl. "  Gemma was already decided on the Idea and she had a certain way of making things seem acceptable, whether it's because it's coming from an 11yr old girl who looks totally innocent from the outside... It could be.

