SEX INSTITUTE FOR BOYS

BY RANDU

Oh,how I love my job!I've been teaching here at the SEX INSTITUTE
FOR BOYS for a year now and it's been much more enjoyable than
when I was a plain old school teacher.I teach the beginner's
bondage course for young boys,ages nine and ten.It's the earliest
they can join by law without parental consent(thank the gods that
be for sex reform laws!).Most boys have already been fooling
around with their friends since they were toddlers,but there are
always some that are more adventurous and want to try something
new that maybe they've seen their parents doing.

I just finished a class a few moments ago,with 3 ten year olds
and 1 nine, each one beautiful in his own way.I began by
explaining what bondage was all about and how for some people
being restrained in some way is a big turn on,but you must never
try to hurt someone while they're helpless;unless they want you
to,of course.S&M was another course.I showed the boys pictures
and illustrations from the textbook, watching them squirm in
their seats as they viewed the various techniques,obviously
getting erections.

"Alright,"I said."Time for a demonstration.Who wants to go
first?"I looked pointedly at the small bed,which had posts and
straps on the four corners.

Eric,the niner,with long blond hair and almond shaped brown
eyes,volunteered to be first,to my delight.Some boys were a
little hesitant about being tied up but others were anxious to
try it.I took them all over to the bed and sat down,pulling Eric
between my legs.He was wearing a blue T-shirt and jeans that
showed off his little butt perfectly.I turned him around so his
back was to me and pulled a red bandana out of my pocket,folding
it into a strip and tying it around his eyes.

"Why do I have to wear a blindfold?" he asked.

"Because not being able to see can make a person feel even more
helpless,and the only sense you have is that of feeling what's
happening and nothing more.OK?"

"Yeah,I guess so,"said Eric a bit nervously."As long as it won't
hurt."

"Hurting you is the only thing I won't do,"I said."I'm going to
make you feel sexier and more erotic than you've ever felt
before,and your friends here are going to help."

I raised his arms and pulled off his shirt,exposing his back and
chest.Placing my hands on his shoulders I massaged him
gently,asking if everything was alright so far.He asked what was
next and I got up and pushed him to the bed.

"Now lie down on your back and we'll get started."

"OK,"said Eric,as I guided him back.

I took his left wrist in my hand and placed it in the noose that
was on the bedpost,tightening it so he could only move his arm a
few inches but not enough to cause any pain,and did the same with
his other arm.I couldn't help running my hand over his naked
chest,feeling his heartbeat beneath my fingers,stroking over his
little nipples and making them stiffen.He squirmed a little and
tested his bonds,but all he could move were his legs.I undid the
button at the top of his jeans and pulled his zipper
down,revealing the striped waistband of his white
undershorts.Then I removed his shoes and socks.

"Now,you three boys pull the bottom of his pants while I push
them down his hips.Eric,you'll have to raise your butt a little
to help."

As we removed his jeans my hands rubbed along his smooth legs and
down to his feet,which I grabbed,one in each hand,and gently
pulled until Eric was stretched out as much as could comfortably
be.Then I tied each ankle to the foot-board,all the while
admiring his near naked form,so soft and vulnerable.His little
penis was already stiff,making a small tent under his
briefs;being undressed by someone almost always gives little boys
a hard-on.

"Aren't you gonna take off his underpants?"asked Billy,noticing
Eric's erection.

"Not just yet,but I will,don't worry.Now,I want you and Sean on
that side and me and Trevor over here.We're going to give Eric a
massage everywhere but here,for right now,"I said,pointing to his
shorts.

We took our positions and knelt on the floor beside the bed.I
started running my hands over Eric's thin chest,playing with his
nipples again and making them harden,then going lightly over his
underarms,making his arms twitch against there restraints-all
boys have ticklish armpits.The other boys began rubbing and
massaging everywhere else;up and down his arms,his legs,over his
stomach down to his waistband,sometimes rubbing,sometimes running
lightly over his smooth skin with their fingertips.Eric would
shiver a little each time we hit a sensitive place,saying
"Oooh,that tickles!",his limbs jerking involuntarily against the
straps.Eric's little boner seemed to be trying to poke a hole
through his underpants and I decided it was time for them to come
off.

"Billy,hand me the scissors there on the table,please."

Scissors in hand-while the boys kept stroking-I pulled Eric's
underwear up with one hand,neatly cutting one side and then the
other, pulling them off his body and exposing his stiff little
boy-cock and smooth,tiny balls.The nine year old's penis was
small but perfectly formed,sticking up at a gravity defying 45
degree angle,the skin smooth and tight,his groin innocent of it's
first hair.

I pointed at Eric's dick and shook my head no,meaning that no-one
was to touch him there yet.Instead we continued our massage on
the now naked boy,my hands going down his chest,over his ribs,
feeling his breath quicken as his excitement grew.I tickled
inside his belly-button,then over his soft under-belly and his
hip bones,hearing him groan as I softly rubbed around his rigid
little cock without actually touching it.Billy and Trevor were
each rubbing a deliciously smooth thigh,going from Eric's knees
up to his balls,while Sean had decided to suck on one of Eric's
titties and rubbing his fingers over the other one.Eric was
moaning now;his naked,spread-eagled body pulling against it's
restraints as we all started kissing and stroking him softly
everywhere except his dick.

I went to his head and placed my hands on either side,running
them down the entire length of his stretched out body,feeling it
arch to meet them as Eric thrust his dick up,silently striving
for contact.The other boys copied my lead,one pair of hands
immediately following the one before,listening to Eric as he
moaned each time,and then continuing our massage,driving the boy
into spasms of sensation, watching his arms and legs jerk and
pull against their bonds.

Finally I lowered one fingertip to just above Eric's begging
little cock-still not quite touching it-making sure I had the
other boy's attention and motioning them to keep their hands
moving.I then placed my finger on the tip of the head and slowly
stroked down the hard shaft to his sack,feeling it give a
single,mighty throb as his whole body jerked and a loud groan
escaped his lips.The boys were amazed at this reaction and told
me to do it again.I started playing with it,pushing it down
against his belly and letting it spring back up again,massaging
his tiny nuts in their tight sac,rubbing the innermost part of
his thighs,fingering his crack,while all the while the other boys
kept stroking,kissing,and rubbing,until Eric was going wild with
the erotic feelings coursing through him,his young body begging
for sexual release.

Slowly I lowered my lips to Eric's cock and started licking him
all over his smooth,pale groin,taking his sac in my mouth and
rolling his little balls on my tongue,and then tongueing down
into his crack, feeling his hole spasm with pleasure as he
actually tried to spread his legs farther apart.Then I took his
little rod all the way into my mouth,licking the mushroom head
with its tiny cleft,feeling it throb each time I went slowly down
on it,feeling Eric's body do it's best against its ties to push
it in farther and I knew it would only take a few strokes before
he came.He was coiled up like a spring,ready to climax any second
when I suddenly stopped,taking my mouth off him.

"Ohhh,PLEASE don't quit now!!"he cried.

I grinned devilishly at the other boys as we started stroking him
again,our hands now going over is hard-on occasionally,but not
stroking it.After a few minutes of this I took his little organ
in my mouth again.Eric immediately began pumping his thin hips up
and down as much as his stretched out body would allow,pistoning
his penis in out of my mouth.When his straining groans reached a
crescendo I again stopped,enjoying the sob that came from Eric as
once more he was denied an orgasm.

Eric was sweating now,sweet little boy sweat,as we kept up our
assault.Once again I took him in my mouth,Eric not daring to pump
this time for fear of my stopping.I went slowly down his little
shaft,feeling it throb even harder against my tongue, intending
to finish him off this time.After three or four strokes Eric was
close to climaxing again.I inserted a finger in his crack,pushing
it up his little hole and twisting it in and out as Eric cried
out at this new attack,his anus contracting involuntarily as I
rubbed the tiny kernel within.

Suddenly I felt the boy surge up beneath me,Eric's penis swelling
in my mouth as his dry orgasm began ripping through him, tearing
a high-pitched boy-yell from his throat as he spasmed and
convulsed as much as his bonds would allow.It seemed to go on and
on and the other boys sat back in wonder watching him until
finally it tapered off to an end,Eric's body slowly relaxing,his
breath returning to normal.

I went up to his face and removed his blindfold.His expression
showed he was as amazed as the others."WOW!"he exclaimed,"That
was the most intense thing I've ever felt!It was
great!Wonderful!Gigantic!"

"I'm glad you liked it,"I said,untying him."now,who's next?"

"ME,ME,ME",rang a chorus of voices.

Oh yes,I love my job!!

