THE B&D ACADEMY: OOPS, LAST MINUTE DETAILS

BY PICKUP MAN

Part 7

Well I thought Enrolment Day was over at last and Linda and I
could get down to some much needed fun and relief, but alas it is
not to be. Our plan to take several of last years graduated
Students still at the Academy waiting for their new owners to
pick them up and have a real BDSM party in our Special Room. But
as they say the best laid plans always seem to get screwed up.

Just as we were ordering up several well trained young girls and
boys I get a call to notify me of the late arrival of the two
last students to be enrolled this season. Normaly we have a very
strict rule about late arrivals but this one is an exception. One
of our best customers Lady Velvet has sent two young brothers
over to be trained for her. The young boys Tommy age 9 and Billy
age 10 are to be trained for personal service to Lady Velvet and
her guests of both sexes. Although Linda and I must postpone our
party until later we still have several days before classes start
for this season, and of course I really love young girls I also
love little boys. As I am the only adult male at the Academy my
cock gets a lot of work on and in both little girls and boys.

I feel a tingle of excitement as the two sweet little boys are
brought into the large Exam Room and I can feel Linda's hand
squeeze my already hard cock in anticipation. I caution her to
slow down a little so we can enjoy the show, she just moans and
squeezes harder.

Both young boys are escorted by a Matron and still struggle
although both have their hands cuffed behind them but these
efforts are futile and they are only able to moan from around
their leather Penis Gags. Cuff and Penis Gags are the first step
we perform on arriving students. It is very important that each
new student understand we are in charge and we will not allow any
type of protest from them. The two attending Matrons uncuff both
little boys and order them to undress. Another Matron steps up in
full of both frightened little boys and shows them a wicked
looking little riding crop to enforce the command. This is very
effective and both start removing their shirts, shoes and pants
until both are standing in only their little cotton jockey shorts
and Penis gags. Although both are still very young I can see they
hesitate to completely undress before all these women.

The sound of a swishing whistle cutting through the air from the
little whip removes all their modesty, and both are soon standing
naked trying to cover their little soft pink cocks with their
hands. Quickly their hands are pulled away from their crotch and
they are led over to the two large Exam Tables, which until now
had escaped the frightened little boy's attention. The sight of
the shinny strange looking tables was a very frightening sight to
the two young brothers, although not knowing exactly what they
were it could not be anything good.

Commanded to climb up on the tables both hesitated until they saw
the riding crop raised in the air. Quickly both were positioned
on the cloth-covered tables and ordered to place both feet in the
metal stirrups. Both moaned around their penis gags as they saw
their prone images in the large overhead mirrors as their hands,
feet and them legs were secured to table. The little boys moans
increased as straps are pulled tight across their little chest
and them a very loud moan as soon as the stirrups are raised and
there are spread wide open.

Now they are able to see themselves bound helpless and fully
exposed to a room full of women and in great fear of what is
about to happen to them. They do not have to wait long as they
can see a small metal Medical Cart with something on them covered
with a large white cloth, then two short stools are rolled over
between their wide spread legs.

In a moment a Matron sits on the stool and has an instrument most
dreaded to a young child in her hand, a syringe. A cold feeling
on one buttock from the alcohol swab and a sharp sting bring more
loud moans from the boys, and then another cold swab on the other
buttock followed by a sting. Now both have received their
injections one of which is designed to produce ejaculation and a
large quantity of sperm in very young boys. The other is a
hormone, which will not only cause breast growth but in some
cases lactation in young boys and girls. Both breast milk and
sperm of young boys is a highly prized commodity on the black
market as is with milk and vaginal secretions from young girls.
As with the secretions and breast milk from the young girls are
packaged in small vials to be sold and some presented to their
parent or owner the same is done with the young boys sperm and
breast milk when produced. As the production of these fluids is
also very important to the young students parents and owners we
have a Special Milking Room set up where we milk all the students
each day.

With the shots over the two little boys dare to hope that it is
all over and they will be allowed to get off the horrid tables
and get dressed again. They are wrong of course, and as both lay
with their eyes closed waiting to be released they are shocked
back to reality as they feel another cold alcohol swab on their
little testicles swiveled with fear. While waiting in fear of
what will happen to their little things another Matron moves to
their side and swabs both their little nipples with alcohal. Then
with out warning they each feel a sharp sting in one of their
tiny nipples, this brings a muffled scream from their gagged
mouths. Now more cold swabs and sharp pain in their other nipple
both scream again and shake their heads side to side while
closing their eyes hoping all this is just a bad dream. After a
moment or two the pain in their nipples subsides some and when
they open their eyes both have little silver rings in them. The
sight of there ringed nipples stops their moans for a few moments
until a sharp pain at the base of their scrotum and little
shriveled cocks as a tiny Micro Chip is inserted. These chips are
coded to each individual student and can be activated by remote
control. Breathing hard around their penis gags with their eyes
again closed a feel of warm hands feeling their little nut sack
brings them wide awake. They can see a hand holding their little
balls and a shinny steel ring being locked around their ball sack
and base of their little cocks, when locked snuggly in place they
can feel how tight the ring is. When the warm hands move they can
see the ring has several other small silver rings attached to it,
quickly their little shriveled cocks are pulled through the
rings. Now with that done another little metal ring is slipped
over their little cock head and locked snuggly just behind the
crown. A small short rod attached to it is locked into a small
eye on the ring locked around their nut sack. Now with the
Matrons hands removed from their crotch they are able to see
their little male things laying pointing toward their chest all
encircled in small silver rings. This is very odd to them but
there is also a small silver capsule attached to the underside of
the middle ring.

Little Tommy and Billy will learn much more about the strange
silver metal thing now locked tightly on their little manhood
later and unknown to them it will be a very painful experience.
They will find that the Micro Chip controls the tiny Nano
generator powered by a tiny battery inside the small capsule on
the Cock Ring. The tiny generator can transmit a small electrical
shock through the metal rings and into the little boy's cock and
balls. Although the shock is not lethal it can be adjusted to
delivery quite a jolt. This unit can also be used in conjunction
with a small metal Sound Rod, which is inserted into the little
boys urethra and will conduct both sound and electric current.
Both sound and a small jolt of electricity can cause extreme pain
to the boy's testicles and cock. This unit can also be used with
a metal anal probe to transmit shock, sound and vibration into
their ass in conjunction with the cock and ball torture. When
needed the unit has a vibrating mode, which is designed to bring
the young boy to erection quickly with the help of the hormones
we inject them with. Both little boys are so transfixed by their
image in the large overhead mirrors showing all that has happened
to their little pee pees now incased in shinny steel rings, they
do not notice the Matrons with the hair clippers approach their
heads. Before they realize what is happening the Matrons have cut
all their hair and with one Matron lifting the shocked and now
moaning boys head the other Matron soaps up their head and shaves
it clean as a bowling ball.

With both little boys still laying on the tables and trying to
understand what has happened to their little cock and balls and
hair they are again surprised when the Matrons start releasing
the straps and freeing them. Both little boys are thinking their
ordeal is finally over, and are shocked and let out a low moan
when their hands are cuffed behind them and still naked they are
led into another large room.

Unlike the large clean almost hospital looking room they just
left this one seems all cluttered with all kind of strange things
hanging on the walls and laying on shelves. As both are left
standing shaking in fear they look all around trying to decide
what all the items were. Both are in a state of wonder but are
suddenly shaken out of it by their handcuffs being removed and
their hands pulled up over their heads. Quickly their wrists are
strapped to a three foot long bar they had not noticed hanging on
ropes from the ceiling. With both little boys watching their
wrist being tide to the bar they were surprised when they felt
themselves being hoisted off the floor. The winch was stopped
when both young's boys' feet were a foot off the floor, now the
hung moaning and naked.fearfull of what was to happen next. They
do not wait long as the Matrons appear with what looks like a
girls bra, except it is strangely different from the ones they
had see their mother and older sisters wear. This one had holes
where the point things should be and both little Tommy and Billy
were shocked when the Matrons started to fit the girl cloths on
them, but all they can do is moan and try to struggle. This was
cut short by the appearance of the riding crop again, and they
submitted to the girl underwear with only a low moan from around
their penis gag. As the strange bras were being fitted on them
they could see it also had a metal ring sewn in the hole where
the points should be, and when it was hooked in back the Matron
pulled their still sore ringed nipples through it.

As both young boys hung from their overhead bars hoping that this
was all the girl things they would be forced to wear a Matron
approached with another bizarre thing in her hands. Again it was
more girl cloths and although both boys are very young both had
this garment being worn by women in some magazines they had
found. Up close it did look different than those in the
magazines, and it looked very different as it was being slipped
up their naked little legs to their hips. It was made of black
shinny material like those they had seen but unlike those this
one had a lot of extra stuff on it, and both little boys wish not
to know what any of them are for. Both little Billy and Tommy
would wish they had never seen one before the school year is
over, but right now they were still very upset about all this
girls underwear they were being dressed in. At age 9 and 10 the
little boys were still not sold on little girls and surely did
not want to be dressed in their underwear. Now with the black
garter belt secured on their slim little hips they began to learn
what all the straps, catches and eyehooks were for. First one set
of the straps hanging down between their legs are pulled down
about 3 inches below their little ringed cock and penis where it
is pulled tight around each thigh and connected to one on the
outside of each leg. Still confused and hanging almost naked they
wait for the next horror they will have to wear, and there it is.
The matrons now approach with of all things black sheer nylon
women's stockings; this really brings the moans from the two
gagged little boys. As both starts to moan louder and struggle it
is stopped quickly by the sound of the riding slicing through the
air, now both hang still meek as little lambs.

Quickly the black sheer nylons are pulled up on their legs and
fastened in place with the other set of hanging black straps. All
hopes the little boys have that this is the last of this fades as
Matrons now produce a pair of sheer white nylon girls panties,
the site of these is almost more than the two little brothers can
take. Disregarding all the moans of protest from the two boys the
Matrons slip the girlie panties on them. Now hanging dressed like
a couple of little girls both little boys feel hands between
their legs again. The Matrons take a short small silver chain and
hook each end into the small eyehooks on the thigh straps of the
black garter belt. Now the boys realize that the white panties
have a slit made into the crotch of them and soon find out why.
Both boys feel the back of their panties being pulled out and a
hand slipping down against their buts, at the same time a set of
fingers are in the crotch of their panties. The Matrons have
hooked a small rubber strap with small hooks on each end into a
eyehole in the back of their garter belts and then she pulls the
other end through the slit in the panties .Now she slides the
other hook on the rubber strap into the available eyehole in the
sliver ring around the little boys penis just below the head,
When this is done and the rubber strap retracts it pulls their
little penis up uncomfortable between their little ass cheeks.
This really starts the two boys to struggle and moan very loudly
around their leather penis gags but paying them no mind the
Matrons proceed with the next operation. Now they take a short
small silver chain and attach each end into the eyeholes in side
the two thigh straps on the garter belt. Now they take two
shorter small rubber straps and hook one end into the short chain
right at the inside of each little boys inner thigh. With this
done they hook the other end of the little rubbers to small
eyeholes in the small silver ring attached tightly around the
little boys ball sack. When the tension is released to the rubber
strap it puts a constant painful pressure to the little boys
testicles, this also discourages any long steps when walking
which will cause extreme pain.

With this finished and both little boys moaning and softly crying
into their penis gags wondering what is next the Matrons bring
out two pairs of black knee high ladies boots, which are pulled
in place on the little boys dangling feet. Now comes the short
black School Skirt which is worn by all students both girls and
boys. With the skirt fitted on the little boys properly it is
time to fit the head harness and get it adjusted properly. Since
it is only used on the students when needed it is stored away in
each students locker. This harness is made of a heavy black
2-inch wide belt and fits around the young girl or boys forehead
and buckles in the back. With this secured another set of straps
drop down and hook into eye holes in the little boys collar which
is no buckled around their necks. The other two leather straps on
the belt at each side of the boys head will be used to hold his
face and mouth in position by being hooked to the thigh straps
worn by an instructor or in some cases a guest. In many cases it
will be a parent but for training it will be one of our
instructors holding the students head in place to lick her pussy.
But the two little brothers will spend quite a lot of time with
their head locked between my thighs and my hard cock in their
mouths. Now with the harness properly fitted it is removed and
set aside for storage in the boys locker.

Both little boys are stunned to see what the Matrons are holding
now and can not believe they are going to have to wear them, it a
pair of blonde wigs. As the two young boys stare at the wigs
another Matron wakes them from their thoughts as she starts to
apply sticky wig glue to their baldheads. Then both boys have
their wigs glued down in place, as all students are dressed the
same both boys and girls they must all have the same hairstyle.

With the two little boys now transformed they are lowered to the
floor and released from the overhead spreader bar and allow a few
minutes to get the circulation back in their wrist and arms. Now
comes the last item for their makeover, a sheer white blouse
which is fitted on them. As with the girl's blouses it has a cut
out over each breast covered by a pocket like flap that can be
held closed with Velcro strips. These pocket flaps may either be
opened of completely removed as the Lady Boys breast start to
grow due to the hormone injections we give them.

Now with both little brothers now changed into Lady Boys and as
such are like sisters their lives are changed forever. They will
be trained to provide any kind of sexual service any one at any
time be male or female. Here at the Academy they will receive
many kinds of dicipline, pain and degeration, many things such as
forced cock milking, forced pussy licking, and sucking cock and
of course they will be sodomized many times. Now they have been
transformed into Lady Boys and a life of sexual slavery.

