T27 Oh, Jolene {Titmouse} (MF, oral)
------------------------------------
WARNING NOTICE: 
 
   The following story is erotic fiction and includes 
descriptions of explicit sex.  If you are a minor or
if such things may offend you, quit reading now.
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

                    Oh, Jolene

                    by Titmouse
           (C)1999, All Rights Reserved



	When I slipped a finger into her pussy, Jolene sucked a sharp breath in 
through her teeth and rolled toward me, lifting her upper leg to give my hand more 
room and pushing her middle toward me to drive my finger deeper.
	"Oooh, Tommy," she whispered in my ear, "that feels so good."

	We'd basically agreed to fuck three days before, across the counter of the 
bakery where Jolene worked.  I stopped in most days for a breakfast pastry on the 
way to work, a sandwich at lunch, or sometimes both.  We'd been flirting for 
several weeks, although I wasn't serious about it.  Jolene was cute, a tad on the 
plump side for my taste and not pretty enough to set off sirens.  But she was 
certainly pretty enough to attract my casual interest.  At that age and time of my 
life -- my late 20s -- I flirted and bantered on general principles with every girl who 
was of the approximately right age and shape.
	So, one day, we were chatting while waiting for my lunchtime sandwich to 
be made.
	"Do you want a pickle?" Jolene asked.
	"Naw," I said.  "You can have my pickle."  I winked at her.
	"Thanks," she said.  "Pickles are hard to come by."
	"If the pickle isn't hard, it won't come by at all," I said.
	"Boy, isn't that the truth," Jolene said.
	"Oh, come on," I said.  "I'm sure you get lots of pickle."
	"Not really," she admitted, giving me a wry smile.
	"I can't understand that," I told  her.  "You're certainly pretty enough."
	Jolene blushed, flattered.  She turned to collect my sandwich from the 
kitchen and moved to the countertop where she began wrapping it up for me.  She 
didn't look up or say anything more until it was done.
	"I guess I could," she said, handing me the sandwich and looking at me 
directly, "but... I wouldn't want to risk getting pregnant."
	"That's easy enough to take care of," I said.
	"Oh, my mom would kill me if I went on the pill," Jolene said.
	"There's more than one way to skin a cat," I said.  "You can always put a 
skin ON the cat."
	She laughed.  "Yeah, I guess so," Jolene said, "but..."
	"You just need to find a guy who'll take care of it," I said.
	Jolene looked at me directly again.  "Are you that kind of guy?"
	"I could be," I said, realizing that we'd gone a long way from casual banter.
	"Good," she said, smiling.  Then she waited.
	"Uh...Would you like to go out some time?"

	Jolene couldn't go out any night soon.  She had to baby-sit her younger 
sister while her mother worked nights.  So we settled on a Sunday afternoon date.  
We'd take a drive in the country in my little Fiat Spider.
	The weather cooperated nicely.  Sunday was a beautiful, Southern 
California spring day.  I took the hard shell off the Fiat and picked Jolene up at her 
house at 2 p.m. on Sunday.  After meeting her folks, we jumped in the car and 
took off.
	I don't think either one of us was really interested in the drive -- We just 
felt it was proper to spend some time together as if this was a real date, not just a 
fuck.  
	Jolene was a nice girl, but really not my type.  She was from somewhere in 
the South and her family had only come to California a year before.  She seemed a 
good example of the old line that you can take the girl out of the country but you 
can't take the country out of the girl.  The truth was that we didn't have much in 
common.  And we weren't going to develop it, either.  I soon found out that Jolene 
and her family were moving to Bakersfield the next weekend.
	So we drove around a while.  It isn't easy to get away from the city in Los 
Angeles -- it stretches for miles in every direction.  But I knew some old roads out 
in northern Orange County and headed that way.  We tooled around for an hour, 
stopped and had a burger at a drive-in, and headed back for my place.  Jolene 
made no objection when I suggested it.
	My place was an apartment in an oddly-shaped five-unit complex.  My 
apartment was on the second floor over the carports, off to one side from the other 
four units.  I liked it that way, although the big picture window offered a view of 
nothing but a parking lot.  Inside, I didn't have much furniture, just mattresses on 
the floor in the living room for couches and a mattress and springs on the floor in 
the bedroom.  Hey!  It was the 70s, man.
	I offered Jolene a drink and she accepted a beer.  We sat on the "couch" 
and put on some music.  We chatted for a couple of minutes, but we both knew we 
hadn't come to chitchat.  I put my arm around her shoulders, then pulled her to me 
for a kiss.  She wasn't the least bit reluctant, offering up her lips readily and letting 
my tongue slip between them and probe her mouth.  Her tongue licked back at 
mine, tentatively at first and then more strongly.
	I nibbled at her lips and licked the corners of her mouth, then kissed my 
way down her jaw and onto her neck.  Jolene arched her back, pressing her 
generous breasts against my chest.  I slid a hand up from her waist and cupped her 
tit, squeezing gently.  She sighed and wriggled slightly, letting me know she was 
enjoying my touch.
	Putting my other hand on her bare leg below her shorts, I stroked the inside 
of her thigh, working my hand up gradually from near her knee, slowly moving 
higher and higher.  Meanwhile, I continued to kiss her lips and throat and knead 
her breast.  Jolene's eyes were closed as she abandoned herself to sensation.  There 
was no resistance in her, not that I had expected any.
	When I moved my hand higher onto her shorts, Jolene sighed again and let 
her legs relax, giving me room to slide my fingers up farther.  I massaged her inner 
thigh, letting the edge of my hand brush against her crotch.  Jolene made little 
sounds in her throat when I did so, little sighing moans of pleasure.  I turned my 
hand and cupped her pussy through her shorts.
	"Ohhh," she whispered.  "Oh, Tommy."  I pressed my fingers against her 
pussy, moving my hand up and down and from side to side.  Jolene pushed her 
pelvis forward, rubbing herself against my fingers.
	"Do you like that, Jolene?" 
	"Oh, yes," she said.  "It's been so long."
	I was curious about what that might mean, but I didn't think this was the 
best time to question her about previous experiences.  We could talk later.  Right 
now, I was intent on fucking.  I pressed my fingers into her pussy through her 
shorts and was rewarded with a moan.  I was pretty sure she'd been thinking about 
this all through the drive and the preliminaries, if not since our conversation earlier 
that week.  There was no seduction needed.  Jolene was willing.
	She'd worn a blouse with buttons down the front.  I removed my hand 
from her crotch for the moment and began to unbutton the blouse.  Jolene watched 
me, smiling faintly.  Once the top was open, I slid my hand inside to squeeze and 
fondle her generous tits.  Jolene kept on smiling, except when I covered her lips 
with mine.  Then she opened her mouth wide and licked at my tongue when it slid 
in.
	We moved rapidly through the stages.  I unfastened her bra and released 
her tits.  They were large and ponderous, but she was a big girl and could carry 
them.  I played with them for a few minutes, licking and kissing and sucking at 
them.  Jolene snuggled in my arms contentedly, murmuring deep in her throat now 
and then.
	I dropped my hand to her pussy and stroked it outside her shorts for a 
while, then moved up to the waistband, slipped the top button and slid down the 
zipper.  Working my hand down inside, I fondled her through her panties, then 
raised it again and slipped my hand inside.  I worked my fingers down through her 
copious thatch of hair and found her pussy lips, which were moist and slippery.
	"Ummmm," Jolene moaned.  "Oh, yeah!"  She opened her knees wide to 
give me room.  I poked my middle finger down through her wet slit and found the 
entrance, then pressed deeper and slid my finger into her cunt.  The breath  hissed 
through her teeth.  I probed and stirred for a while down there, while Jolene's 
breath began to come in quick pants.
	"Damn, girl," I said, smiling, "you're sure ready."
	"God, yes," she said, answering my smile, her eyes droopy and languid.  
"You know it.  I've been thinkin' about it ever since we talked.  I'm so damn 
horny I could croak."
	"Well, don't do that!" I laughed.  "I think I can cure that particular 
problem."
	"Geez, I hope so.  I. haven't had many chances. since we moved here.  
The folks watch me pretty close."
	"Yeah?"
	"Yeah.  They think we went to a movie.  They'd really be pissed if they 
knew we were at your place.  I'm not s'posed to go to guys' houses."
	"Well, they don't know.  And I suppose they're right, because we're going 
to do just what they're afraid we might."
	"Good," Jolene said.  "I'm all for it."
	"Me, too."  I'd been fingering her cunt while we were talking.  Now, I slid 
my finger out of her and began to work her shorts down her thighs.  Jolene helped 
and soon they were sliding down to her ankles.  She kicked her sandals off, 
followed by her shorts and panties.
	"Let's do it right here," she said.  "I want you to put it in me right now."  
Her hands sought my belt, unfastened it, and unzipped me.  Her fingers wrapped 
around my prick.
	"Oooh," Jolene whistled.  "You got a nice one."
	For all her claimed lack of experience - or opportunity, at least - Jolene 
seemed to know quite a bit.  She handled me competently, running her hand up 
and down my length, squeezing with just the right amount of pressure to please but 
not pain, jacking off my cock with her hand.  I swelled under her touch.
	"Ummm," she said, "I gotta taste it first."  She pushed me onto my back 
and slid off the couch onto her knees.  Wiggling between them,  she held my prick 
upright and lowered her face.  Her tongue licked up the shaft and around the head.  
Then she opened  her mouth wide and, without touching me with anything but her 
breath, took the head inside.  Slowly, her lips closed around it and then sucked on 
it hard.
	"Ohhhhh," I moaned, as her tongue moved from side to side under the 
head of my cock.  Jolene slid her lips downward, taking more of me into her 
mouth, then pulled backward, her lips clasping my prick tightly as the dragged 
over the sensitive length.
	"Ummmmm," she groaned around it.  The humming sent exquisite 
vibrations all through my cock and down into my balls.  I jerked and twitched in 
her mouth.
	"You like that, don't you?" Jolene asked, taking her mouth off me.  "If we 
had more time, I'd suck it until you came.  But I want you to do me.  I want you 
to put it in me."
	"Come on up here, then," I said, tugging on her shoulders.  Jolene hopped 
up onto the couch next to me.  I kissed her and then laid her back.  I started to 
crawl between her legs.
	"Uh, do you have. you know. anything?" she asked.
	"Oops," I said, "I almost forgot."  I stood up and went into my bedroom, 
grabbed two rubbers and a tube of lube I had bought for the occasion (you never 
know, after all), and came back quickly.  Jolene smiled when she saw what I was 
carrying.
	"Good," she said.  "I hate to be paranoid, but I just don't want to take any 
chance of getting pregnant."
	"No problem," I told her.  Sitting beside Jolene, I tore open one of the 
condom wrappers and pulled out the rubber.  "You want to put it on me?"
	"Sure," Jolene said with a giggle.  She sat up and took the rubber from me, 
unrolled it slightly to make sure she had it the right way, bent down to lick the 
head of my prick, and then positioned the rubber on the head of it.  Her face 
twisted in concentration, she slowly rolled it down the shaft, then slid her hand up 
and down it to make sure it was on tight.  "There we go."  She laid back on the 
couch again.
	I helped her scoot back and stretch out along the length of the couch and 
got up on my knees between her legs.  Jolene looked down between us hungrily.
	"Oh, yeah," she said.  "That's just what I want.  Put it in me.  Please.  I 
want you to fuck me.  I want it  bad."
	I grabbed the tube of KY jelly, twisted off the cap and squeezed a gob onto 
my fingers.  I slipped my hand down to Jolene's pussy and worked the jelly around 
the lips and into her hole.  Then I took my cock in hand and spread the remainder 
on the head and shaft.
	"Here it comes," I said, moving over her and supporting my weight on my 
hands.  "You want to put it in?"
	"Yeah," she said.  "Come here, baby."
	Her hand reached down between us, gripped my prick, and guided it to her 
center as I moved forward onto her.  She directed the head between the slick lips 
of her pussy, pushing down slightly to find the notch.  I pushed forward a little and 
felt my cock start into her channel.  Jolene let go, slid her hand out from between 
us and wrapped her arm around my neck.
	"Go ahead," she said.  "Sink it into me."
	My prick oozed into her pussy.  She was tight but slick from the KY jelly 
and her own juices, so it slid in without difficulty.  Jolene's head went back and her 
mouth fell open.  I shoved it all the way into her in one smooth glide until my 
pelvis bumped against hers.  Jolene pushed back against me, straining to get the 
last millimeter inside her.
	"Yeah," she said, "yeah.  That's what I wanted.  Oh, Tommy, right there!"
	She rolled her hips left to right, paused, then rolled them the other way.  
My cock churned around inside her.  Jolene bit her lower lip and shoved herself up 
to me, sliding up and down on my pole, fucking me from underneath.
	I put my hands under her ass and pulled her to me, driving my prick all the 
way into her.  Jolene's knees came up around my sides, spread wide to give me 
total access.  Her thighs gripped my sides and her legs crossed behind my back.  
She locked her ankles and pulled me into her.  I began to slide my cock in and out, 
her legs behind me urging me, driving me inward on each stroke.
	"Ohgod... I needed this.  I haven't had anybody for months," Jolene panted 
as I drove my dick into her pussy.  "I was so damn horny.  If you hadn't asked, I 
swear I'd have raped somebody."  She humped back at me when I pushed inward, 
bumping us together hard.   "Yeah.  Get it in there, sweetie.  Give it to me good.  
Oh, yeah!  Just like that!  Fuck me good, baby.  Fuck me.  Oooooh!  Ohgod.  
Oooooh!"
	Her large melon tits were mashed against my chest, my entire weight on 
her, pressing down as I slammed my cock in and out.  Her pussy was slippery but 
tight, clinging to me when I pulled back, resisting me when I pushed in.  She was a 
big girl, but she had the pussy of a teenager.
	I didn't want to come too soon, so I slowed us down.  I pushed into her 
cunt and stayed there, rolling my hips around and mashing my pelvis against her 
clit.  I slid out slowly, dragging the top of my cock along her clit, until just the 
head was still inside, then push it in again, slowly, slowly, until I hit bottom.  
Jolene match my rhythm.  Her tight pussy seemed to squeeze me when I pulled 
back, trying to keep me inside, sucking at me.  She relaxed when I slid it back into 
her again, clutched me tightly to her, rolled her hips around and around on my 
invading prick.
	"Do you like my pussy, honey?" she asked.  "Do you like the way I fuck 
you?"  I groaned in response, and kept sliding slowly in and out.  "I like it," she 
said.  "I like your cock.  It's nice and big and fat and it's stretching me so full.   
Ooooh, yeah.  Fuck me, Tommy.  Fuck my pussy.  Fuck my cunt."
	Jolene had a dirtier mouth than nearly anyone I've ever had.  It was 
exciting.  She wanted sex and didn't hold back.  She liked it, wanted it, and now 
that she had it, she was enjoying the hell out of it.  I pumped in and out of her 
pussy, exchanging passionate, deep kisses from time to time.  Jolene alternated 
between rolling around and around on my cock and shoving back and forth on it.  I 
decided I wanted to change positions and fuck her from behind.  I pulled out, 
which made her eyes fly open in surprise.
	"Come on," I said, tugging at her leg.  "Turn around."
	Jolene rolled over and slid off the couch onto her knees, presenting her 
plump but firm backside to me.  I moved up behind her, guided my cock to her wet 
gash, and sank it into her again.  Jolene waggled her hips, working it all the way up 
inside her.
	My belly snuggled against the soft pillows of her ass.  I pushed a hand 
under her stomach and wormed it down to her pussy.  Her clit stuck out between 
the lips, firm and slick with juices.
	"Ooooh," Jolene squealed as I ran my fingers over and around her clit.  She 
shuddered and thrust her butt back at me, spreading her legs wide to give me more 
room.  "Oh, Tommy!  That feels sooo good.  Ah!  Ah!  Fuck me, baby.  Do it 
hard!"
	I drove my cock into her, my belly slapping against her ass cheeks each 
time I shoved into her cunt.
	"You like that?  Ugh!  You want it hard?  Ugh!  You want cock, little girl?  
Ugh!  You want me to fuck you?  Ugh!"
	Jolene's torso was sprawled across the couch, her fists clenched beside her 
face, her eyes squeezed shut, her mouth open as she grunted and groaned with 
each driving thrust.
	"Oh, Tommy," she panted.  "Yes.  Give it to me, baby.  Just like that.  
Ooooh.  Fuck me.  Fuck me."
	My fingers continued to stroke her clit.  Jolene was quivering and 
trembling with passion.  I could tell she was getting close.  For some reason, I 
wasn't, probably because of the reduced sensation from wearing a rubber.  I 
flicked my fingers back and forth across her clit, slammed my cock in and out of 
her pussy, and drove her over the edge.
	"Ahhhhhhhh, SHIT!  Omigod!  Yes!  Yes!  Uh!  Uh!"  Jolene bucked and 
shimmied under me as I continued to shove in and out of her pussy.  When I was 
sure she was done, I pulled my hand out from under her but continued to slide in 
and out, gradually slowing down, tapering her off.  After a while, Jolene sighed 
and opened her eyes.
	"Wow," she said, "I really needed that."  She looked at me out of the 
corner of her eye.  "Uh. You didn't come, did you?"
	"Naw," I said, twitching my cock inside her.  "But if you've caught your 
breath, I'll go ahead."
	Jolene rolled her hips around on me, still enjoying it.
	"Go ahead," she said.  "I like the way you feel inside me.  But. don't 
come.  Not there.  When you get close, pull out.  I want to suck you."
	That was perfectly fine with me.  Eagerly, I began to slide in and out again.  
Jolene worked with me, making it good, moving her hips around or rocking back 
and forth as I shoved my prick in and out of her slick pussy, sometimes simply 
holding still and pushing back, giving me a firm, willing target to fuck, squeezing 
at me with her cunt muscle as I plunged in and out.
	"Oh, yeah, baby," she crooned.  "Fuck me good.  That's it.  Give me your 
cock.  Push it in me, baby.  Fuck me!  Fuck my pussy.  I'm gonna make you come.  
Come on.  Fuck me.  Yes.  Like that!"
	It wasn't long before I felt the familiar tingle in my balls, the rising, roiling 
sensation that signaled I was getting close to coming.  Reluctantly but with eager 
anticipation, I slipped my cock out of Jolene's pussy.  She pushed up onto her 
knees and patted the couch, urging me up onto it.  Quickly, I scooted up and 
turned to face her, and she slipped between my legs.  My cock was sticking 
straight out from my belly, still wrapped in the rubber.
	"I guess we didn't really need this," Jolene chuckled as she grabbed the 
bottom and stripped it off me.  Tossing the rubber aside, she wrapped her hand 
around my prick and jacked it up and down.  She looked up at me.
	"I'm going to suck this hard cock until it comes," she promised, her hand 
still sliding over it.  "I want you to fuck my face just like you did my pussy.  I'm 
going to kiss it and suck it and jack it until you come, and then I'm going to suck 
the come out of you and swallow it."
	I could only groan in response.  With a smile, Jolene lowered her face and 
took my prick into her warm, wet, sucking mouth.  She slid down until I could feel 
the end of my cock bump the back of her throat, backed up, then slid down me 
again.  She did that several times, finally pulling back until her mouth came off me 
with an audible pop of suction.  Jolene continued to jack me off, her hand sliding 
easily now in the wetness of her mouth.
	"Does that feel good, baby?  Do you like it when I suck you?"
	"God," I said, "you know it."
	"Yeah," Jolene said.  "I know you like it when I suck your cock.  You're 
getting close, aren't you?  You're going to come soon, aren't you?  I'm going to 
suck it right out of you."
	Her face dropped to my cock and enveloped me in her wet, sucking mouth 
again.  Her hand and mouth worked together on me, like a super pussy that 
squeezed and stroked my length, topped by a warm, nibbling, sucking machine that 
attacked the head.  It didn't take very much of that to send me over the edge.  I 
felt my come gathering strength deep in my balls.
	"Oh, goddddd," I shuddered.  "I'm gonna come.  Ah!  Ah!  Here it 
COMES!"  My whole middle convulsed and shot a jet of come up through my 
cock and into Jolene's hot sucking mouth.  She choked, gulped, and kept sucking 
at me, her hand flying up and down the shaft, milking me into her mouth.  More 
jets followed, squirting into her.  I collapsed backward as my body jerked and 
twisted in the throes of orgasm.  Jolene took it all, swallowing convulsively, which 
only made me come harder.
	As I came back to my senses, I realized Jolene had slowed down and was 
now gently sliding her mouth up and down, caressing my cock with her lips instead 
of demanding.  Her hand was still wrapped around me but only to support my 
wilting prick, not squeezing or jacking me off.  I don't think I could have stood it 
if she had.
	"That," I said, when I could talk again, "was fucking great."
	"Yeah," Jolene agreed.  "I liked it, too.  I really liked making you come 
that way."

	We both climbed up onto the couch and cuddled for a while, but it wasn't 
long before Jolene peeked at her wristwatch.
	"Damn," she said.  "I've got to get going."
	We pulled our clothes back on and, after a quick visit to the bathroom to 
make repairs, Jolene said she had to go.  We both said we were sorry to cut it 
short, although I think both of us were lying.  Since she was leaving the next 
weekend, moving away, we both knew the relationship wasn't going anywhere.  It 
was even a relationship.  We'd just got together to fuck and, now that we had, it 
was time to move on.
	I took her home and never saw or heard from her again.  But I haven't 
forgotten her.  I even wrote a song about her several years later.  I called it "Oh, 
Jolene."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
End of 'Oh, Jolene' by Titmouse.
Story 27

Author's Note:

This story is more true than not.  In fact, except for some exaggeration, it's
almost all true.  Even her name is right, and things went pretty much the way
I've described, including the conversation over the deli counter by which we
connected.  I've recreated it, of course, since it happened years ago, but the
sense of it is right.  And we did go for a drive and then go back to my place
and get right to it.  Ah, the 70s!

                          ---
I welcome your comments but hate spam.  Send messages to
NiteSweats@aol.com and put 'Titmouse' somewhere in the subject line.
Anything else will be deleted automatically.	
