ORFANS: HILDA'S DIARY

The Duke is Beastly to Beryl

BY PENT

Part 5

Tuesday, May 23, 1780

I had Jane look after the children for the day, as I did not want
to leave Beryl on her own after her experiences of the previous
night . . .

She was greatly fatigued from her evening with Sir Thomas and
wanted to do little more than sit by the window all day, telling
me of their doings the night before . . . from which I wrote the
account here.

From time to time she lapsed into silence, staring out the
window, then waxed sentimental about Sir Thomas, saying she had
grown very fond of him.

I reminded her again, most firmly:

"People like you and me, Beryl, don't like or dislike Sir Thomas
or the Duke or m'Lady Cynthia . . . We just do what *they* want,
and we do it as well as we possibly can . . .

"We are servants, Beryl, and we serve them . . . Try not to let
yourself feel affection for any of your masters, because when
they get bored with you and want a change you will likely be
badly hurt, or worse".

This reproof brought tears to her eyes, and I am sure the dear
sweet girl was indeed beginning to feel strong affections for the
two men who had shown such tenderness towards her, she who at
eleven had never before known any man's love.

The day without incident enabled me to complete my diary, for
which I was most thankful . . .

Wednesday, May 24

His Grace the Duke of D---- returned in the late afternoon. This
caused much bustle and commotion downstairs, as his Grace had
brought some pets with him in crates and they had to be seen to
the stables with full instructions to the grooms on their care:

"No food for the dog!", I heard him shout, "Raw meat for the
other!!"

Word came that I was to prepare Beryl so she could appear before
them in the library after their dinner, at seven o'clock . . .
and I set to, with clyster and bath tub, to prepare her as I had
for Sir Thomas on Monday evening . . .

I had no idea whether Sir Thomas planned to take Beryl, while his
Grace had his way with me, or what they proposed at all . . . So
I prepared myself also, to be ready.

When I knocked at the library door, and opened it, both men sat
before the fire with port wine and tobacco pipes lit. They
appeared to have imbibed considerably . . .

"Ha!! Mistress Hilda! Bring the miscreant here!! We know that
Miss Beryl here has been up to no good!!!

"We want you to have her bend over that table while you raise her
skirts, remove her drawers and bare her bottom.

"Then we want to see you use that wooden paddle on her until we
tell you to stop. Slow and steady spanking, Mistress Hilda, slow
and steady . . ."

And they exchanged looks and took deep draughts from their
glasses while I prepared Beryl as Sir Thomas had instructed . . .

Having no specific wrong-doing to lay at Beryl's feet, and no
wife around to stop them, they were clearly wanting to be
entertained after a good dinner.

Who knew what this might lead to?!

Beryl lay bent over the edge of the same large table as before,
grasping the far side in her hands while I slowly raised her
skirt and tucked it in her collar then lowered her drawers to
bare her lovely bottom . . .

"Take her drawers off . . right away from her . . That's right..
Now stand this side first as you paddle her lovely round bottom.
Isn't it beautiful, John?"

"A sight for the angels, Tom!"

"Right, slow and steady now, Mistress Hilda!!

"Beryl, I want you to count: 'One, Mistress Hilda, thank you . .'
and so on . . .

"Go to it, Hilda!!"

I knew exactly how hard to paddle Beryl so it would excited her
without being too painful or giving lasting bruises, and this I
did.

"One . . . Two . . . Three . . . Four . . . Five . . ."

With Beryl counting as she had been told, and crying out and
squirming prettily as she had learned at the Great Orfanage . . .

After twenty:

"Now stand over on the other side, Hilda, and keep counting,
Beryl - loudly, so we can hear!!"

"Twenty-One . . . Twenty-Two . . . Twenty-Three . . ." and Beryl
was sobbing in earnest now . . .

The two men has stood up, the better to see, and their eyes
glistened with lust . . . At "Thirty, Miss Hilda, thank you!":

"I think that's proper preparation now, Hilda. Stop paddling
Beryl and help her lie full length on the floor, And I want you
to use those soft cords to tie her ankles to the furniture, table
leg and sofa leg, to hold her legs wide apart . . .

"Now put these two cushions under her middle so her cunnie is
well off the floor . . .

"Good!! Hilda, stand over in that corner and do not move or
interfere in any way! Now John, I hand over to you . . ."

His Grace took a long drink from his glass, and I expected him to
enter her himself in some unusual way . . . But he opened a box
and took from it a pound of bloody meat which he then rubbed all
over Beryl's bottom, well down into her cleft and pressed hard
into her rosebud, between her legs, and up into her cunnie, the
blood of the meat mixing there with the liberal supply of her own
juices . . .

His Grace then went through the door into the next room, and
returned with a dog trotting beside him on a leash, long tongue
lolling out: it was a "retriever" dog, I think, one that runs or
swims anywhere to fetch a bird you have shot, fastens the bird
firmly in its jaws and brings it to you . . .

This was the one he was shouting about this afternoon: "No food
for the dog!"

It must be starving!!

Beryl looked over her shoulder and her face went chalk-white in
terror as she realized that the dog would tear her to pieces
after the bloody meat had been wiped over all her most tender
parts...

The dog sniffed the blood and went straight for Beryl's bottom.
She opened her mouth to scream . . . Then her eyes opened wide
and she stayed like that for a moment, mouth and eyes wide open
in surprise . . .

As the dog had approached Beryl and opened its mouth as to bite
her, I saw: It had no teeth!!!

I watched as the dog closed its toothless jaws on her left cheek
then deep in her crack then vainly made to bite into Beryl's soft
warm bottom every part he could take a into his jaws.

Then the retriever licked up into her cunnie and nibbled down
into her rosebud and on . . . and on . . .

Beryl told me after: its tongue went right up into her bottom and
lapped around in there, up as far as it could reach . . . looking
for food.

Beryl became more and more excited and squirmed and wriggled her
bottom in all directions: not to avoid the dog's jaws but because
of the great excitement it caused her as it bit and licked all
over her bottom and cunnie, biting with its toothless gums . . .

She moaned and groaned and sighed and threw herself around in
abandoned ecstasy . . . Until she at last jerked violently
against her bonds in a spasm, shouting incoherently, then lay
still, after what had clearly been (yet another) climax for this
eleven year old virgin orphan whose maidenhead was still intact!

"Hilda, we'll leave you to revive Beryl and take her back
upstairs to bed. Thank you for your help this evening . . .

"John, let's take your gum-dog and our port outside while Hilda
tidies the room. Most amusing! Most amusing! "Gum-Dog" indeed!
Ha! What a magnificent display!!

"Some girls have hysterics as the gum-dog approaches them, did
you say? Not surprising, I'm sure . . . must be terrified until
they realize the dog has no teeth and is going to pleasure them
instead of tear them to shreds.

"Most amusing! Come, we'll go through the French windows to the
gardens . . ."

I untied Beryl and let her legs come together again, then slipped
her drawers back on and pulled her skirt down before helping her
up from the floor and we climbed the back stairs to return to our
room next to the nursery . . .

I warmed a little water and cleaned the blood and dog spittle
from her bottom and cunnie, then helped her to bed, exhausted.

"Most amusing", indeed!!

I wasn't sure if it had been cruel or, really, an ecstatic
experience for Beryl . . .

Saturday, May 27

Beryl and I had been left undisturbed by Sir Thomas and his Grace
since our adventure with the retriever dog on Wednesday evening.

This morning, though, Sir Thomas sent for me and told me I was to
appear (again) with Beryl in the library after he and his Grace
had dined, at seven o'clock, and she was to be prepared as
before.

I did not think at the time that she was to be pleasured again by
the dog: Now that Beryl knew the dog was toothless, a repeat
performance would not be so "amusing" to them . . .

But I cleaned Beryl's bottom again with several quarts of warm
water.

When they were voided, I again rubbed in her bottom with honey
until my thumb could slide in and out easy, all ready for the Sir
Thomas or his Grace . . . or anyone else, to enter . . .

Without in any way wishing to disparage Beryl, I think that, from
what I have seen so far, it seems quite immaterial to Beryl who
spanks her or enters her: no matter who - she always enjoys it
immensely and ends in a delirious climax!

Not that I have anything against the sweet eleven-year-old orphan
girl from the Great Orfanage, newly awakening to the thrilling
pleasures of her body and the gratification of men's attentions .
. .

Perhaps I just wish that I had kept my own innocence until eleven
and that my bottom had then been even half so lovely as Beryl's!

But to return to the happenings of the day: we arrived as before
at the door of the library, and I knocked . . .

Sir Thomas bade us enter, and we found him and his Grace again in
front to the fire, enjoying their port wine and tobacco pipes.

This time, the tall wooden steps used to reach books from the top
shelves were standing in the middle of the room, before the fire.

Sir Thomas boisterously called for me to remove Beryl's clothing
and tie her wrists to the wooden steps, "in the same manner you
tied her at the Great Orfanage, the time when I attended her
punishment there".

I was to have her bottom face towards his Grace . . . and use the
soft leather straps to tie her - "as we don't want to mark her
wrists, ha, ha . . ."

"Mistress Hilda, I want you to show his Grace how you used to
punish Beryl when you visited the Great Orfanage with m'Lady
Cynthia".

And soon Beryl stood with her hands held above her head, tied to
the steps, her tall pale slender body erect with small breasts
just starting to sprout, her back bowed in and her young-girl's
bottom jutting out ready for punishment . .

Altogether a very lovely sight as she stood ready, waiting in
trepidation for the first cut of the cane . . .

I covered Beryl's eyes with a black bandage so she would have no
way to tell when the next sharp stinging cut of the cane was
about to bury itself in her soft warm bottom.

I commanded:

"Beryl, after the first stroke of the cane you will say: 'One,
thank you Mistress Hilda', and so on . . ."

Sir Thomas waved his hand, signaling me to proceed . . .

Twenty cuts of the cane I gave to Beryl's lovely well-rounded
bottom, many of the strokes aimed upwards from below her buttocks
so she danced, throwing her long legs high in the air trying to
diminish the pain . . .

I spaced the strokes with long intervals between, so while Beryl
was soon sobbing without pause, I was able to feel with my hand
that she had relaxed and her bottom was soft and girlish before
for each stroke . . .

I made sure Sir Thomas and his Grace saw as pretty a pageant of
spanking as it is possible to provide . . . And they were
entranced . . .

After twenty strokes of the cane had given Beryl's bottom an
exciting pattern of red wealds, Sir Thomas shouted:

"Enough, Hilda!

"Stop and pause while we contemplate Beryl and her caned bottom".

After some minutes, Beryl ceased to sob.

"Hilda, I want you to untie Beryl's hands and remove the bandage
over her eyes . . .

"Now pull the steps out of the way, and put them over there . . .
And lay Beryl on the floor as she was last time, face down with
two cushions under her middle so her bottom is up in the air a
bit. Legs tied to the furniture, well apart . . .

"John, we are all ready for you . . ."

His Grace moved over to Beryl and stooped to run his hands over
her red and tender bottom then took a glass vial from his fob
from which he poured a small quantity of liquid down into the
cleavage between the cheeks of Beryl's bottom, and he spread the
liquid around her rosebud in there with a finger.

He said mysteriously:

"The juice from crushed ants, my dear . . ."

Then tucked the vial away in his pocket again and headed (as last
time) to the door of the next room.

Back her came, but this time it was not a dog on the end of his
leash:

It was an anteater . . .

And as we all remember from our schooldays, the anteater will
push out its long tongue and probe deep deeeep deeeeeeeeeep into
the crevices and tunnels of an ants' nest to draw the insects out
. . .

The anteater is led towards Beryl's angelic girl's red-striped
bottom.

He scents the ants' liquid and makes a wild lunge for the tunnel
where he expects to find them . . .

His long thin tongue sliiiiiiides slowly up up up into Beryl's
bottom, sliding easy with the honey I had filled her with,
exploring all the way, pulling out and re-entering, while she
wriggles, moaning in ecstasy.

The seemingly endless tongue curves around the bends inside her
bottom and bangs against the walls of her vagina, and on up, far
beyond the places that are only touched by the longest male organ
in a cunnie-fuck.

Beryl is soon gripped by spasms of deep wrenching orgasm. As she
wrythes and squirms the anteater gets ever more excited in
pursuit of his prey . . .

But the beast became enraged by lack of insects in the tunnel he
is exploring, and pushes his tongue further and further up into
Beryl's bottom, only to bring her to almost continuous climaxes
of moaning sobbing orgasm . . .

Still with no results from his efforts, the beast's snout begins
to follow his tongue into Beryl's ecstatic wriggling bottom and
carries her to a sublime level of excitement beyond anything she
had ever dreamed possible as wave after wave of ecstasy engulfs
her . . .

At this point his Grace feared his infuriated pet, already
drawing blood from the opening in Beryl's lovely bottom, would
cause permanent harm to Beryl's darling plump derriere . . though
she herself was so lost in delirious joy that she would have
welcomed being torn to pieces and eaten by the enraged animal . .
.

His Grace pulled firmly on the leash to make his pet slide its
long tongue slowly slooooowly back out of its exciting tunnel,
lashing his tongue from side to side at he did so . . . and
bringing Beryl to one final shattering climax . . .

After I at last was able to arouse Beryl from the stupor
resulting from her many orgasms caused by his Grace's pet
anteater as it thrust its long tongue in and out of her rectum,
and I had half carried her up the stairs to our room, I gently
bathed Beryl's battered and bleeding bottom with a deep clyster
of soothing warm water, laced with a teaspoon of laudanum to
ensure the deep and painless sleep that is alway given by the
opium.

Sunday, May 28

Beryl awoke the following morning feeling fully rested, a sparkle
in her eye and roses in her cheeks, the perfect picture of health
and happiness.

We sat again by the window and enjoyed the sight of Richmond Park
on the sunny morning while we ate our breakfast.

When the bell began to toll, the servants left and began their
walk to the church. A sort time later, the coachman came with the
open carriage and Sir Thomas and his Grace mounted with the two
children, to attend the service.

They had thoughtfully left Beryl to rest, and me to keep her
company, while they departed to shrive their souls.

The afternoon was quiet. We read and sewed until evening.

After we had supped, Jane brought word that we were both to see
Sir Thomas in the library - without any preparation, just as we
were.

I could not think what this meant . . . but we went as commanded.
When we knocked and entered, Sir Thomas and his Grace were again
sitting by the fire with the port decanter.

"Mistress Hilda, Beryl, his Grace is departing tomorrow morning,
and wishes to say farewell to you both".

His Grace stood up:

"You have both made my stay here most agreeable, and it has been
a pleasure to make your acquaintances.

"Beryl, my dear, I must say I have come to look upon you with the
same affection that I feel towards my young nieces when they come
to stay.

"What I'd like to . . . I mean . . . Would you perhaps like to
come and stay with me sometime . . . for a few days . . . . like
my nieces do?"

Beryl's eyes sparkled and her enraptured smile lit up the room.

Then her face clouded in concern as she looked at me and
remembered what I'd said about the dangers of allowing herself to
have affections for her masters.

She glanced at Sir Thomas, curtsied to his Grace, and said shyly:

"An't please Sir Thomas".

"Thank you, my dear!

"Tom, I'll write to you when I see a few days that suit. Would
Mistress Hilda be able to come also, to keep Beryl company?"

"Be wise to defer to m'Lady on that, John. Let me reply about
that when you write . . .

"Now, my dears, you see how it is. Perhaps you will be able to
visit his Grace for a few days . . . Perhaps I will go with you
both. We will see . . ."

"Good! I hope to see you both again before too long. Farewell!".

At this, we curtsied and departed the room.

We had much excited discussion between us upstairs that evening
about the adventure proposed by his Grace the Duke . . .

I myself feel he looks upon Beryl as a "thing" to use for his
amusement, wishing merely to play with her affections, only to
desert her when she begins to bore him.

What sort of man was he, to feel amused by her terror at thinking
a dog was about to tear her to pieces??

And the attack by an anteater, however much it excited Beryl, did
not seem the action of a true and caring lover, who would wish to
arouse her only by his own touch . . .

I believe she would be wise to curb her present liking for his
Grace, and be satisfied with the spankings that I give her under
direction from m'Lady, and m'Lady's fondlings that follow.

More: Sir Thomas is now also certain to call on Beryl's services,
to "milk" his yard, and to sheathe his rampant manhood in the
heavenly scabbard of her soft warm bottom - often. And before
both of these, he plans to have her soundly spanked, either by me
of by himself, which I know excites her greatly.

Beryl already has the good-will and liking of Sir Thomas and
m'Lady Cynthia, and adventures enough in their household to keep
her busy and satisfied for some time to come . . .

I will try to find for her some books about maidens who were
loved and left.

Monday, May 29

As I finish writing yesterday's diary, Sir Thomas sends word: I
am to prepare Beryl with honey and bring her to the library after
he has dined, at seven o'clock.

And Jane tells me the cook is complaining that she has never
before had to prepare three dozen oysters for one person's
dinner, to be followed by a pound of steamed shrimp in a sherry
sauce!

At the news that Sir Thomas wants her again so soon, Beryl's eyes
sparkle and her cheeks flush - I feel sure that Sir Thomas will
not allow Beryl to leave his house for a very long time to come.

On this evening, Sir Thomas did have me beat Beryl with a paddle
until he thought her warmed to his liking. He then dismissed me,
and Beryl did tell me the next day how he had pleasured both her
and himself.

He did bid her lie face down on the couch and slid his rampant
yard up into her sweet young bottom, in and out, in and out, in
easy steps until he was pressed hard against her and flattened
her lovely cheeks and could go no further.

Her excitement had mounted with the feel of his hot manhood
stretching her insides until he must have felt her nearness to
climax and did move his truncheon out and in again but once which
did cause him to ejaculate hotly inside her lovely bottom as she
did near swoon in Heavenly ecstasies.

Tuesday, May 30

The Tuesday evening, Sir Thomas did have Beryl lie on her back,
on a soft rug that lay upon the table. He held her legs up on his
chest as her did enter her rosebud while looking fondly into her
eyes and fondling her small breasts.

He worked into her bottom so gentle that she felt only pleasure
as his great member slid sloooooowly up into her bowells, until
he was pressed hard against her bottom and could go no further
into her - which was much further than the previous night when
she had layed on her tummy.

Again he waited without moving while Beryl's arousal continued
until she did near swoon in her ecstasy and she felt his member
squirt his hot juices up inside her tummy.

Wednesday, May 31

The Wednesday he had me cane Beryl sharply with her hands tied
above her head, to make he dance prettily with great show of
wriggling and cries of pain.

Sir Thomas then layed himself on the couch, face up, with his
thick member in the air, and did bid me have Beryl kneel astride
and facing to his feet.

I had to stay to make sure Beryl did take his rampant penis up
into her bottom.

After I had opened her hole before as alway, this was no hard
thing to start and Sir Thomas did soon dismiss me from the room.

Beryl told me later he had said he liked most to see his rampant
member as it actually disappeared up into her sweet bottom, and
he had her lower herself slowly, down a bit then up again, down
further then up, and so on, until the whole length of his mighty
rod was up inside her bottom.

Sir Thomas did then have Beryl lean back towards his face, then
lean forward towards his feet which did make his manhood press
strangely inside her bottom which brought her quickly to her
ecstasy.

As Beryl was jerking and twitching in her excitement Sir Thomas
did buck and jolt to make his stiff yard to move sharply up
inside her bottom, and they came to violent ecstasy together.

After, he laid her back against his breast and held her to him
for near an hour before he did release her with many terms of
sweet endearment as he stroked her cunnie telling her how he
loved to see his stiff yard as it disappeared up inside her
lovely eleven-year-old bottom and that she was most clever.

Friday, June 2

Sir Thomas did not ask for us on Thursday: perhaps he needed rest
and we enjoyed a quite evening ourselves, reading in our room.

Friday was to work again and Sir Thomas had me beat Beryl with a
wood paddle as she bent over the edge of the table in his study.

She squirmed and wriggled while crying out most prettily until
Sir Thomas did feel her well warmed. He did then lay again upon
his back on the couch, and bade me have Beryl kneel each side of
him and facing toward him this time.

I did ensure with my fingers that the tip of his rampant member
was started in Beryl's slipperie hole before I left them and
closed the door behind me.

He did have Beryl again lower herself then pull back up, then
lower herself some more and up again, until she was at last
sitting firm on his body with the whole of his great engine
inside her, much to her great joy and pleasure - and his too.

Sir Thomas did then have Beryl press with the tips of her fingers
pushing into her tummy until she could feel his monstrous bone
inside her. It was easy she said, as her eleven-year-old waist
was but slender and his erection so large inside her.

He then had her sit unmoving on his rampant penis while he probed
with the tips of his fingers into her tummy while it stood firm
inside her, and he pushed his stiff member from side to side
within her tummy which did make her mighty excited, and him too.

This gave Beryl ecstasy such as she had never before felt and she
quickly came to where she could stand it no longer and sat with
Sir Thomas's rampant yard deep up inside her as she jerked and
twitched in spasm, while he also jolted and rammed his rod e'en
further up into her girlish bottom to fill her to overflowing
with semen.

As she lay after, near unconscious, she leaned forward to lay
herself on his chest and kissed and hugged Sir Thomas long and
dearly.

