T28 Only a Fantasy {Titmouse} (FMMM, oral, anal)
------------------------------------------------
WARNING NOTICE: 
 
   The following story is erotic fiction and includes 
descriptions of explicit sex.  If you are a minor or
if such things may offend you, quit reading now.
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

                  Only A Fantasy

                    by Titmouse
           (C)1999, All Rights Reserved



	I'd always wanted to try it, since I'd first heard about it, at least.  
You know, to have more than one guy at the same time.  When my friend 
Jessie told me about it - she'd seen it in a porno film that she'd watched 
with her boyfriend - it sent a chill through me.  It wasn't fear.  It was more 
like...destiny.
	Jessie said she couldn't imagine actually doing that.  I could, 
although I didn't say so.  But then I've always been, well, sexy.
	Maybe I wasn't the first girl my age to have sex, for example, but I 
sure caught up later.  At first, like all "good" girls, I waited.  It wasn't that I 
was "saving myself for my husband" or anything stupid like that.  It wasn't 
that I wasn't interested, just cautious.  Girls who get started too soon, who 
are "easy," get a bad reputation, and it's hard to get your reputation back 
after you've lost it - like your cherry.  I was too proud and too determined 
to be more than that.  My mom and dad encouraged me to expect more.  
So I waited.
	Until the summer after I graduated from high school, anyway.  By 
that time, I knew I wasn't going to marry Doug, the boy I'd been seeing for 
more than a year.  He was sweet and handsome and a forward on the 
varsity basketball team, but... Well, he wasn't a threat to take a Nobel 
Prize, if you know what I mean.  I was going off to college, but Doug was 
"going to work for a year or so first."  I didn't say so to him, but I knew 
what that meant to me.  Sayonara, Dougie-Boy.  No way, Jose.
	So I let him.  We'd been edging closer and closer to the dirty deed, 
anyway, and wrestling with the concept both literally and figuratively.  So, 
one night in mid summer - not in the back of his rusty Chevy, I insisted, 
but at his folk's cabin near Fayette - I let him.  The next week, I let him 
again.  And every week thereafter - periods excepted - and sometimes 
two or three times a week, until I left for college.  And several times during 
Thanksgiving and Christmas vacations that first year.
	But, by then, I'd met other people at school and made new friends 
and, I'm a bit shamed to admit, had begun to feel that hometown 
boyfriends were pretty small town.  Doug and I drifted apart, although we 
didn't officially break up until I didn't come home for Spring Break.  I went 
down to Florida instead, where I got thoroughly plonked by two different 
boys, although not at the same time.  After that, the flood gates were 
open.
	When I went back to school, the very night that Doug and I had our 
last angry telephone conversation, I let a guy pick me up at the Commons 
and, after taking me out for a burger, slip it to me in a back corner of 
Shadell Park.  That was my first time, but by no means my last, in the 
back seat of a car.
	After that, I sort of went wild for a while.  I didn't have a steady 
boyfriend for most of the next year or so.  I told my folks it was because I 
wanted to concentrate on my studies, so they were happy.  They would 
not have been happy to know what I was actually doing, which was letting 
myself get plonked by nearly every guy who caught my fancy.
	I got pretty good at it, too.  I learned a lot of tricks.  I'd given my first 
blowjob before I left high school (to Doug, as it happens, to quiet his 
complaints in the months before I finally gave in) but I got really good at it 
during my wild days.  At first, it was a way to keep from going farther.  But 
then I began to like it.  It was special and it was very sexy.  I even began 
to like the taste of cum and the way it would stick in my throat for a long 
time afterwards.
	I also discovered the pleasures of a good buttfuck.  When Jessie 
explained to me just exactly how the girl in the porno flick had taken on 
the two guys at the same time, I knew I had to try it.  Ass-fucking, I mean.  
Maybe, in the back of my mind, it was a step toward having two guys at 
once myself.  I know I'd never really considered it before then.  Mainly, 
though, it just sounded exciting, erotic, and downright dirty, which I found 
very appealing.
	So, the next time I had my period, instead of blowing the guy I was 
with, I got him to fuck my ass.  It wasn't easy that first time.  God, no.  I 
thought he was going to split me in two, and I almost made him (or tried to 
make him) stop.  But then it finally went in.  And stopped hurting.  And 
started to feel really good.  I came like crazy, which I sure didn't the first 
time I let Doug in the front door.
	So I added that to my bag of tricks.  It didn't happen as often as 
blowjobs, maybe, but often enough.  It was always difficult, so tight and 
painful at first that I could hardly stand it.  But that was part of the fun.  
That and the wonderful, overwhelming, fully possessed feeling of a stiff 
prick up my fundament.  I always came when I got a buttful of cock.  
Except for one time when the guy shot off almost as soon as he got it in.  I 
made him lick and lick and lick me as punishment.  So it worked out all 
right.
	There was never any question about whether I liked getting licked.  
My only hesitation was embarrassment, having a guy's face down there 
where he could look right at the very place I'd been taught to always 
cover up.  But I figured that if a boy's dry, stubby finger felt good down 
there, his softer, wetter tongue would feel even better.  And, boy, was I 
right!
	By the time I graduated from college (BA in history, minor in 
government), I had been screwed in every orifice and position I knew 
about.  I'd been screwed in dorm and hotel rooms and apartments, in 
cars, trucks and vans, in the woods, at the beach, in a tent, on a blanket, 
in a closet and even in a vacant classroom.  Oh, and in the gazebo 
behind the Delta Gamma house one very drunk New Year's Eve.  But 
never by more than one at a time.
	The closest I came to it was in fantasy.  Believe it or not, there 
were times I got myself off with no help from anything but my fingers.  
More than a few times, actually, especially on lazy Sunday mornings.  
And my favorite fantasy always involved two guys - sometimes real and 
sometimes imagined - who took me to bed and shared me, one after the 
other and then, slowly and languorously, together.
	But I thought it would always be just a fantasy.  After all, how would 
you ever get in a situation where it was a real possibility?  And, even 
then, how would you ever actually get around to it?

	Three years after graduation, I was working for a utility company -- 
I'm not going to say which one - in their government relations department.  
They offered and I accepted a transfer from one of the divisions in the 
San Juaquin valley, the heart of farm country, to a smaller division along 
the central coast of California.  It wasn't exactly a promotion, since the 
pay and title were unchanged, but I would be the only assistant instead of 
one of a dozen.  Plus, I was getting out of the heat, humidity, smog and 
tulle fog to one of the prettiest parts of California.  I was delighted.
	I finished packing on a Thursday, with the movers due the next 
afternoon.  I didn't have a steady boyfriend at that point, nor anyone I 
particularly wanted to go out with, so I called up my girlfriend Sandy and 
we went out for dinner together.  Afterward, we moved to the bar.  I was a 
little sad.  Sandy had been a good friend and was one of my few regrets 
about leaving.
	Her new boyfriend Billy showed up about two drinks into the 
evening,  apparently by accident.  With him were three of his buddies 
whom I'd never met, nor had Sandy.  I'll call them Manny, Moe and Jack.  
Like the other names in this story, they're not their real ones.  You don't 
need to know and I don't need the grief.  Anyway, they all sat down with 
us after we pushed a couple of tables together, and we had another round 
of drinks.
	I swear I wasn't planning anything, not even in the remote reaches 
of the back of my mind.  I was just having a good time and a goodbye 
drink with my friend and her friend and his friends.  But after about an 
hour and a couple of drinks, Sandy whispered that she and Billy wanted 
to take off if that was okay with me.  I said it was fine and declined her 
offer of a ride home.  I wasn't ready to leave just yet and I was thinking 
about calling a taxi anyway.  
	So Sandy and I exchanged hugs and kisses and promised to write, 
and they left.  Manny, Moe and Jack bought another round of drinks.  
Somehow, we got to talking about dancing.  There was no dancing at the 
restaurant's bar, which we all agreed was a shame.  One of them - Moe, I 
think - mentioned this country-western bar near the outskirts of town 
where the house band was really good.  And so we all decided to go.
	On the way, Jack asked if we could stop at his place, which he 
shared with Manny, so he could change out of his work clothes into 
something more casual.  I was going to wait in the car, but they were all 
going in and it seemed silly to sit in the car by myself.
	Five minutes later, Manny and Moe and I were drinking beers and 
waiting for Jack to finish changing.  Manny put some music on, and I was 
getting into it, swaying back and forth on the stool at the counter.  Manny 
looked at me and smiled and opened his arms.
	"Come on," he said, "let's dance."  I flowed off the stool and into his 
arms.
	That was probably an invitation I should have passed on.  Or not, 
depending on your point of view.  We danced a fast jitterbug (Manny was 
pretty good) and a country two-step.  Then a slow number came on and 
we danced that, too.  Moe was teasing from the sidelines about being left 
out, so I danced with him, another slow number.  About that time, Jack 
came out dressed in jeans and a western shirt and insisted that he get a 
turn.
	Now I wasn't exactly falling-down drunk, but I sure wasn't sober.  I 
finished my beer and Manny handed me another.  Somehow, the lights 
got dimmer and the three of them were taking turns dancing with me.  I 
decided I didn't care if we ever left.
	Understand, there were no thoughts about my fantasy at this point.  
I remember trying to decide which of the three I liked best and concluding 
that, since I was leaving the next day, it didn't matter.  I remember 
deciding that, if things went right, I might let myself be persuaded by any 
one of them to have a special farewell celebration.  I remember deciding 
to have another beer.
	Then, during another slow dance, Moe pulled me into a tight hug, 
and we were dancing as close as two bodies possibly can, his leg going 
between mine and rubbing against me accidentally on purpose.  He 
leaned down and brushed his lips against my cheek and, without really 
thinking, I just turned my head and lifted my chin and found his mouth with 
my lips.  Yum!  Moe (I'm pretty sure it was Moe) was a good kisser.
	I think I remember dimly some cheering in the background from the 
other two, but at the time I was pretty much focused on Moe's kiss and on 
his tongue, which slipped between my lips so deliciously.  And on his 
hands, which were cupping my fanny and pulling me into him, and his 
strong chest, which was crushing my breasts.  And on his thigh, which 
was pushed up between mine and snuggling right up against my pussy, 
which was, I confess, already damp.
	Don't get the idea that I was even toying with the idea of taking on 
the three of them.  In the first place, I wasn't thinking that clearly.  All I 
knew was that I was really horny and pretty much convinced that 
somebody was going to get it tonight - and give it, too.  I didn't really care 
who, to tell you the truth, although Moe had the inside track at the 
moment.
	Then Jack cut in and started dancing with me.
	"Hi," he said.  "Remember me?"
	"Sure," I giggled.  "You were wearing a tie before."
	"That's me," he said, squeezing me to him.  "Those were my work 
clothes.  These are my play clothes."
	"What are we going to play?"
	"I don't know yet.  Why don't you kiss me while I think about it?"
	"Well," I sighed, feigning reluctance, "I suppose."
	Jack was a pretty good kisser, too.  Maybe not quite as good as 
Moe, if you were being picky.  I wasn't.  Being picky.
	In fact, I enjoyed Jack's kiss thoroughly, and the two or three that 
followed the first.  I laid my head back in his encircling arm and let him go 
to it.  My eyes were closed, my head was swimming deliciously, and my 
knees were a tad wobbly.  I might have fallen except for his supporting 
embrace and the way my thighs were wrapped around his leg, which he 
was rubbing against me.
	Then Manny took Jack's place, and he kissed me, too.  He was the 
best kisser of all.  Wow, could he kiss!  Or maybe I was just in the mood.  
My little heart was going pitty-pat, my breath was quick and shallow, and 
my head was reeling like I was going to faint.  And my panties were a 
swamp.  I hate to admit it, but it's true.
	What was I thinking at the time?  In the first place, I wasn't thinking; 
I was feeling.  Were alarm bells going off?  Not really.  First, I was pretty 
drunk by then, which tended to drown out any soggy old alarms.  Second, 
the situation didn't feel threatening, not all that different from some of my 
wilder experiences, except that there weren't any other girls around.  And 
third, by that point I was pretty determined to get laid.  I wasn't sure how 
or who.  So what I was actually struggling with was how to pick one of the 
guys without pissing off the others.
	"You're so beautiful," Manny said.  "You're driving me crazy.  
You're so hot."
	"Oh, yeah?" I said.  "You're not bad yourself."
	Manny slid his hand up along my side and cupped my tit, masking 
his action from the others with our bodies.  I remember looking down at 
his hand, watching it squeeze and knead me.  It felt really good.  I looked 
up at Manny.
	"Jesus, Kay," he said, his voice hoarse.  "I'm dying for you.  What 
say I shoot the other two and drag you back to my room."
	"Oh, don't do that," I laughed.
	"What?  Drag you back to my room?"
	"No, silly," I giggled.  "Shoot the other guys."
	Manny looked into my eyes, his own full of longing.  He was so 
utterly dreamy at that moment, so sexy, so perfect.
	"Does that mean I can drag you back to my room, then?"
	I giggled again and glanced back over my shoulder at Moe and 
Jack, who were sitting on the sofa pretending not to watch us.
	"What about your friends?" I asked.  "Won't they be jealous?"
	"Fuck 'em," Manny said.
	"Maybe I will," I shot back, and quickly covered my mouth in horror.  
How had that slipped out?
	Manny laughed.  "Well, me first," he said.
	"You first," I agreed.
	"Zowie!" he said.  He stopped dancing, took my hand, and began 
leading me out of the living room and into the corridor that led to the 
bathroom and the bedrooms.
	"Uh... We'll be back in a minute," he called to the other two.
	There was a short, pregnant silence.
	"Gonna show her your etchings?" Moe finally said.
	"This is gonna cost you, Manny," Jack called.  "Your rent just went 
up $100."
	Manny and I ignored them.  We were smiling at each other as we 
walked down the hall.
	"Shit!" I heard one of them say.  We both laughed at that as we 
slipped into Manny's bedroom and closed the door.
	Neither of us was in a mood to waste time.  I was hot as hell and 
needed no further warming.  I suppose it was a combination of things - 
liquor, dancing close and rubbing bodies with three different guys, 
passionate kisses, and the fact that we had virtually announced that we 
were going into Manny's room to fuck.  I was very conscious of the two 
guys out in the living room, no doubt imagining what was happening and 
wishing it was them instead.  Rather than making me self-conscious, it 
was a turn-on.
	As soon as the door closed, I tore my sweater over my head, 
exposing my bra-covered tits.  I was wearing one of my favorite bras, a 
red, lacy number cut low to reveal the milky white tops of my breasts.  
Manny seemed to like it, too, since he pulled his own shirt off and crushed 
me to him.  Then he kissed his way down my neck and onto my exposed 
flesh.
	My arms draped loosely around his neck, I clung to Manny weakly 
while he fumbled at my back and released the hooks of my bra, then 
pulled the straps forward over my shoulders and tossed it aside.  I was 
proud of my rose-tipped titties, which scarcely sagged when he freed 
them.  I pulled my shoulders back and presented them to Manny as he 
kissed and sucked at my distended nipples.
	Bending his knees and slipping an arm behind my legs, Manny 
lifted me effortlessly off my feet and, cradling me in his arms, carried me 
to his bed.  I love being carried like that.  It makes me feel like a little girl.  
But when he laid me across the bed and stretched out beside me, I 
started feeling like a big girl again.  I reached down to his middle and 
stroked the lump that was stretching the front of his jeans.  It felt 
satisfactorily large.
	"Oooh," I breathed.  "Is that for me?"
	"Every little bit of it, girl."
	"Oh, goody," I said.  "Goody, goody."
	Manny kissed me deeply and, at the same time, began unbuttoning 
my jeans.  I continued to pet his penis while he did so, cupping it in my 
palm and squeezing.  He groaned and kept unbuttoning my pants.  When 
the last button came free, he pushed his hand into my panties and down 
to my pussy.  His fingers traced over my eager little love bump and down 
to my hole, which he found wet and willing.  He slid a finger up inside me.
	"Ahhhh," I sighed.  "Yes.  Oh, god, I'm horny.  Yesssss."
	Manny started tugging my jeans down, and I let go of his prick to 
help.  Pushing, pulling and wriggling, we managed to work them over my 
hips and down to my knees, exposing my light brown bush.  Manny bent 
over and planted a quick kiss on my mound before continuing to strip off 
my pants.  I kicked my sandals away, and he dragged my pants off over 
my feet.
	"I've gotta kiss it," Manny murmured.  Sliding down toward my feet, 
he rolled between my legs.  He used his hands to press my thighs 
outward, and I spread them wide as he buried his face in my middle.
	"Ooooh," I squealed as he plunged his tongue into my snatch, then 
licked upward to tease and tickle my clit with the wormy, squirmy end.  
"Oh, JESUS!" I moaned.
	I must have been hornier than I thought.  Manny's lashing tongue 
was sending electric shocks of passion up and down my spine.  I knew 
instantly that I could come in moments if he kept it up.
	"Ooooh, that feels so good," I whimpered.  "Oh, do it, baby.  Lick 
me.  That's it.  Oh, yes.  Oh, yes.  Like that.  Oooooh."
	Manny attacked my pussy, grunting and gasping with the effort.  He 
buried his tongue in my slit, rubbing his nose over my clit as he twisted 
his head to lick and push deeper.  He slathered over my box and chewed 
at the lips of my cunt, then attacked my clit with his tongue again.
	"Oh yes oh yes oh yes," I chanted, feeling it start to rise inside me.  
I was going to come already.  I knew it.  "Oh, god.  Lick it, baby.  Right 
there!  Lick my pussyhole.  That's it!"
	And suddenly, it was there.  It hit me like I had slammed into a wall.  
Everything went black for a second.  My body flopped around, my arms 
and legs jerked out of control.  Dimly, I heard someone crying, yelling, 
weeping.  It was me.
	"Oh, god, baby!   Yes!  I'm coming!  Yes!  Ahhhhh!"
	Manny tore his face from my middle and climbed above me on his 
hands and knees, pushing my legs up and back.  He grabbed his cock, 
guided it to my pussy, and shoved it into me in one slick, sliding, forceful 
thrust.  I wrapped my arms around his neck and my legs around his back 
and squeezed him to me, trying to pull him all the way inside me.
	My cunt clutched and spasmed around his cock as he ground his 
mound against mine, setting off new shocks and tremors.  Manny began 
driving his prick in and out of me.  I came again and then again, weeping 
and moaning.
	I heard sounds, farther away and then closer.  My eyes fluttered 
open.  Moe and Jack were standing on either side of the bed.  I gasped.
	"What the...?" Manny barked, his head whipping from side to side.  
"You assholes!  Get out of here!"
	Instead, Jack sat down.  He reached up and stroked my sweaty 
forehead, brushing my hair back along my temples.
	"Sorry," Moe said, sitting down too.  "It sounded like you needed 
some help in here."
	"Goddammit, I'm not kidding," Manny growled.  "You assholes get 
out of here."  I could feel his prick begin to wither inside me.
	"Okay, okay," Jack said, patting Manny on the shoulder.  "Jeez, 
you try to help..."  He started to get up.  All of a sudden, I realized I didn't 
want them to go.  I wanted...everything.
	"Wait," I said.  Suddenly, it was very quiet.  They all looked at me.  
I swallowed.  "It's... okay.  You don't have to leave."
	"ALL RIGHT!" crowed Moe.
	Manny looked at me.  "Are you sure?"
	"Yes," I said, looking down and blushing.
	"Far out," he said.  I felt his prick surge inside my pussy.  He 
rocked in and out slightly
	I was confused by my own boldness but terribly excited by it.  I 
looked at Jack and then at Moe.  They weren't looking at my face.  Jack 
was looking at my chest, half covered by Manny's.  Moe's eyes trailed 
down along our sides to where we were joined.
	"Well, dammit," Manny said.  "If you're going to join in, then do it.  
Get your clothes off.  You're overdressed."
	Moe moved first.  He stood up and tore off his t-shirt.  As he moved 
his hands to his belt, Jack stood up, too, and began undressing.  I 
watched Jack as he hesitated, his thumbs hooked into his pants at the 
sides, then shucked them down, exposing his cock.  It was sticking out 
straight from his belly.  He turned and sat down, his back toward us, while 
he pulled off his shoes and pushed his pants off.  Meanwhile, Moe had 
quickly shed his clothes.  His prick was only half erect as he kicked his 
pants free from his legs and sat down on the bed.
	Both of them turned almost at the same time and stretched out on 
their sides next to Manny and me.  I put a hand on each of their chests 
and ran it down across their bodies, seeking and then finding their cocks.  
Jack's was already hard; Moe's sprang to life at my touch.
	Manny pushed his prick slowly in and out of my pussy.  He seemed 
to be hesitating, thinking.  Then he pulled his hips back and slid it out of 
me.
	"Come on," he said, scooting back and rising up onto his knees.  
"Roll over."
	Sandwiched between them, I wriggled and twisted onto my hands 
and knees.  Moe and Jack "helped," managing in the process to feel my 
legs and my tits as well as other parts of me.  Moe reached up boldly 
between my thighs to cup my pussy, probing with his middle finger to find 
my slit.  His finger slid up into me.  I rolled my hips as he worked it around 
inside me.
	"Ohhhhh," I couldn't help moaning.
	"Look, Mikey," Moe said, grinning.  "She likes it!"
	I was amazed at myself, but filled with a rising eroticism that 
overcame any shame.  I had fantasized about fucking two guys, never 
really expecting it to happen.  Now, here I was surrounded by three naked 
men.  What in the world was I going to do?  Confronted by my fantasy, I 
had no idea how to proceed.
	Manny took charge.
	"Get in front of her, Jack," he ordered.  As Jack hurried to comply, 
scooting up toward the head of the bed and swinging a leg on either side 
of me, Manny pushed at my back, urging me forward.
	"Go ahead," he said.  "Blow him.  I know you know how.  I want to 
see you swallow him."
	Jack's cock, I realized, was a monster, one of the biggest I'd ever 
seen.  Since I'd first glimpsed it, it had swelled up enormously.  The fat, 
purple head, itself larger than most, seemed too small for the thick column 
of rigid flesh below it.  Instead of tapering below the crown, it flared 
outward as if it had shoulders.  The shaft thickened even more toward the 
base.  I'd seen longer pricks but never one so thick and solid.
	I wrapped my fingers around Jack's pole as best as I could and 
lowered my face to it, drooling with anticipation.  Opening my mouth wide, 
I lapped at it several times, then pushed my lips over and around it.  Jack 
groaned as I sucked on the head.
	Meanwhile, Manny had slipped a hand between my legs.  He 
pushed a finger up inside me and worked it around.  Then he replaced it 
with his thumb and used his fingers to stroke and tease my clit, which was 
sticking out between the lips of my pussy, as hard and straining as a 
man's cock.
	I began to bob up and down on Jack, although my mouth was 
stretched so wide by its girth that I could only accommodate a couple of 
inches.  Bracing one hand against his stomach, I used the other to jack off 
Jack, squeezing the loose skin and sliding it up and down the straining 
column of bone-like flesh beneath.
	Moe, meanwhile, joined in by sliding his hands all over my body, 
stroking my back and  fanny, then slipping beneath to massage my 
breasts and to pinch and pull at my nipples.  Manny continued to fondle 
my pussy for a while, using his other hand to grab a handful of hair and 
urge me up and down on Jack's cock.  Then he slid his thumb out of my 
pussy and wiped it greasily over my asshole.  Sliding two fingers up 
inside my cunny, he began to push his thumb into my back channel.
	"You know what I'm going to do, don't you?" he hissed, a hint of 
menace in his tone.  "I'm going to fuck this tight little asshole.  Would you 
like that?  Would you like it if I shoved my cock in there?  Well, it doesn't 
matter if you like it or not, does it?  I'm going to fuck your ass anyway.  
You think you can handle three guys?  Well, you'd better get ready, 
because you're gonna have to take one of these cocks up your ass."
	His thumb pressed deeper into my butt, working around and 
around, pressing against the tight ring.  Meanwhile, his fingers continued 
to work in my pussy, occasionally slipping out to tease my love bump.  I 
moaned around the mouthful of Jack's cock.
	"You want it, don't you, you little cunt?  You can't wait for it, can 
you?  You want me to fuck your ass, don't you.  You know it will hurt.  But 
you still want it, don't you?"
	It was as if he could read my mind.  Yes, I wanted him to fuck my 
ass.  And yes, I knew it would hurt, at first.  But I knew how it would feel 
later, too.  I couldn't help wiggling my ass in response to Manny's probing 
thumb.
	"Have you got that cock wet enough yet?" Manny asked.  "You 
better get it good and wet, because you're gonna have to take Jack's 
prick in your pussy.  And you know it's a big one.  It's gonna stretch your 
pussy good.  Can you imagine that mouthful going in down there where 
I've got my fingers?  That's where it's going to go.  Right in there."
	In truth, it was hard to imagine.  My poor jaw was already aching 
from the strain of taking Jack's huge pole into my mouth, and surely my 
mouth was bigger than my tight pussy.  But the thought was highly erotic.  
The cock in my mouth was going to go in my cunt.  I slavered and sucked 
at Jack's prick, trying to get it ready for me.
	"That's enough!" Manny barked, slapping my ass.  "We wouldn't 
want you to make Jack come and shoot his load down your pretty little 
throat now, would we?"
	I'm not sure Jack entirely agreed.  I was working hard on him, 
sucking and slurping and jacking his rod into my eager mouth.  Jack was 
bucking and straining, trying to cram more of his cock into me, and I think 
he would have been quite happy to shoot his load right there.  But Manny 
was insistent.
	"Come on," he said, slapping my fanny again.  "That's enough.  I 
want to see Jack fuck you.  I want to see you try to get that cock in your 
pussy.  I don't think you can.  I've been in there, and I know how tight it 
is."
	He grabbed a handful of my hair and pulled back.  Reluctantly, I let 
Jack's prick slide out of my lips, making an audible smack as it popped 
free.
	"Slide down, Jack," Manny said.  "Get under her.  I want to watch 
her fuck herself on you."
	Now that his cock was waving free, Jack was eager to put it back 
inside somewhere, anywhere.  I was, too, although I had mixed feelings.  
The thought of taking that huge pole into my tight little box was scary, but 
it also stirred up a deep yearning that was spreading through my belly.  I 
was glad I had got it good and wet with spit but a little sorry I had sucked 
it up to such massive proportions.
	Keeping hold of my hair and slipping his other hand around to my 
chest, Manny raised me up to my knees, his hand cupping and squeezing 
my tit.  Jack pushed his legs between mine and began shimmying and 
wriggling his way under me.  Moe, meanwhile, was again running his 
hands all over my body.  He took the opportunity to lean in and kiss me 
deeply.  I met his probing tongue eagerly, licking and sucking at him.  
Moe's hand cupped my pussy and stroked my clit.
	Then his hand moved away and I felt Jack's pole slap my stomach.  
Looking down, I saw it pressed up against my mound as if it grew upside 
down from my own belly.  I would have been proud to own such a cock, 
but putting it up inside me was another matter.
	"Jesus," I croaked.  "I don't know..."
	"What's the matter?" Manny asked.  "Change your mind?  Don't 
think you can take it?  Oh, don't worry.  You're going to take it, all right.  
I'll help push you down on it.  We'll get it in somehow."
	The thought of that massive column burrowing up into my cunny 
was stirring up a strange mixture of fear in my brain and passionate 
longing in my pussy.  I couldn't help rocking my hips back and forth, 
running my wet gash along its length.
	"Go on, get to it," Manny ordered, giving my hair a tug before 
releasing me and letting me fall forward onto my hands again.  "No more 
delays.  I want to see you fuck him.  Go on.  Do it!"
	I raised up, and Jack reached down between us to hold his cock 
upright and steady.  Looking down between us, I saw and then felt the 
head probe between the lips of my cunny.  It lodged in the entry of my 
hole.  Slowly, experimentally, I let my weight down.
	It spread me like a doctor's pelvic exam.  I groaned with effort as 
the massive purple head of Jack's cock pushed between the lips and into 
my channel, stretching me, straining me.  Thank god for the lubrication of 
my mouth and my leaking pussy.  It wedged its way gradually deeper and 
deeper, causing me some pain but at the same time stirring up a feeling 
of deep erotic fulfillment.  I had been born to fuck a cock like this.  I 
wanted it.  I wanted it to possess me.
	Manny's hand was on my tailbone, pressing me downward.  I 
pushed back against it to gain some room and to spread the lubrication, 
then tried again.  A little more of Jack's cock bulled up inside me.
	"Ohhhhh!" I moaned as I forced it deeper into my straining pussy.  
"Oh god!  Oh goddddd!"
	"You like it, don't you, bitch?" Manny said.  "Go ahead.  Take it all, 
you little whore.  You know you love it.  Go on, get it in there.  Take it all.  
I know you can do it."
	I had thought that the head of Jack's cock was bad enough but, as 
I pressed down, the feel of it boring deeper and deeper inside me 
combined with a splitting sensation, like a wedge being driven up into my 
body.  The thicker shaft spread and stretched  my pussy to its limits.  But 
each time I raised up and then settled down onto it again, I was able to 
take a little more inside me.  The deeper it went, the more fanatically 
determined I became to take it all.
	"Yes!" I insisted.  "That's it.  I can take it, goddammit!  Oh god, it's 
so big.  Uh!  Uh!  There!  More!  Yes.  Uh!  Uh!  Oh shit!  Uh!"
	I had most of it now.  Gritting my teeth, I raised up and let my 
weight fall downward onto Jack's upthrust cock, driving it up into my belly.  
I cried out with pain and triumph as I felt my mound bump against his.
	"Yes, goddammit!  There!  All of it!  I've got all of it.  Oh, jeez!  It's 
so big!"
	I fell forward over Jack, weak and panting as I slowly got 
accustomed to the huge pole in my tightly stretched cunt.  Jack let me rest 
a moment, then pulled back just a little and slid his prick home again.  He 
began to fuck me like that, in small nudges, leaving most of his cock 
buried in me.  My pussy was stretched so wide that I could feel my clit 
rubbing along the top of his pole with every movement in and out of my 
hole.
	"That's it," Manny said.  "Go on, Jack, fuck her.  She can take it.  
Fuck her hard."
	With my pussy fully occupied now with Jack's cock, Manny 
concentrated on my ass.  I had almost forgotten about his thumb while 
straining to accommodate the prick in my front hole, but now I could feel it 
working in my backside, turning and twisting.  Manny had it as deep 
inside as he could get it.  Spreading his fingers out on my fanny, he 
began to urge me forward and down, matching the tempo that Jack and I 
had begun.  Thumb hooked into my butthole, he pushed me down as Jack 
thrust up to drive his pole into me, relaxed to let me slide backward, and 
pushed me forward again.
	"That's it," he said hoarsely.  "Fuck him, Kay.  Fuck him with that 
hot little pussy of yours.  I knew you could do it.  How does it feel to have 
that big cock up inside you?  Do you like it?  Does it feel good in there?  
Is it big enough for you?"
	Manny's words were stirring me up almost as much as Jack's prick.  
I'd never known anyone to talk like that, to say out loud my dirtiest 
thoughts, whipping me up to an erotic frenzy.  Now that my pussy had 
stretched enough to accept Jack's cock more easily, I began to fuck him 
with more energy.
	"Yes," I cried, driving my cunt down onto him.  "Yes, it feels good!  
It's big.  But I can take it.  Fuck!  I'm fucking you, Jack.  Do you like my 
pussy?  Is it tight enough for you?"
	It was tight enough for me.  Although it was easier now, I was still 
stretched full with Jack's prick.  It spread me, stretched me anew each 
time I drove myself down onto him.  I felt the familiar sensation began to 
flow through me and knew I was going to come again.
	"Oh yes.  That's so good.  Fuck me.  Ohhhh!  Fuck me harder, 
Jack.  I'm going to come. That's it.  Ram it in me.  Like that.  More.  More.  
Ohhhhh!  Yes!  Yes!  Ah, fuck me."
	I began to shudder.  My arms, which had been holding me up, 
collapsed weakly, and I fell onto Jack's chest, my tits mashed against  
him.  He grabbed my ass with his hands and pulled me down onto his 
cock, shoving deeper than ever before.
	"Oh, god, I'm coming.  Oh yes.  Oh yes.  Oh god!  Ah!  Ah!  
Ahhhhhhhh!"
	It was too much.  I ground myself against Jack, mashing my clit 
against his pelvis, jerking and twitching as another massive orgasm 
shocked and battered me.  I had lost count of how many times I had come 
since Manny's tongue had triggered my first one.  Even now, limp from 
this come, I could feel another one starting to build.  It had happened to 
me a couple of times before.  Enough stimulation and I would slide into 
repeating, almost continuous orgasms.  I wanted Jack to do it, to keep 
fucking me, to send me into that strange, erotic abyss.
	But Manny had other ideas.
	"Okay, Moe," he said, his voice seemed to come from far away.  
"It's your turn.  Scoot on up there and make her suck you."
	Moe, who had been mostly on the sidelines so far, was only too 
willing to comply.  He dragged himself backward and positioned his 
middle on my left next to my head.
	"Go on, Kay," Manny said.  "Suck him.  If you want any more, 
you're going to have to work for it."
	Struggling to make my muscles obey orders, I reached out and 
wrapped my hand around Moe's prick.  Apparently, he hadn't felt too left 
out, because it was hard as a rock.  I jacked it slowly and languidly, 
watching out of half-closed eyes, and felt it throb and twitch in my fingers.
	The more I looked at Moe's cock, the more attractive it seemed.  It 
was so hard and red and eager.  I glanced up at Moe and saw the 
longing, pleading look in his eyes.  Poor Moe.  He wanted it so badly, yet 
he knew I was tired and was too polite to insist.  I licked my lips and 
smiled at him wanly.  With a little nod of my head and a tug on  his prick, I 
urged him to come closer.
	Moe shifted toward me, rolling onto his side to push his hard-on 
toward my mouth.  The odor of sex surrounded us.  I could smell his cock 
as it moved under my nose.  The end slit winked open and shut, like a 
blind fish.  I stuck out my tongue and licked it.
	"That's right," Manny coaxed.  "Go ahead, Kay.  Suck him.  He's 
dying for you to do it.  Look at him.  Take in your mouth and blow him."
	Struggling up onto my elbows, I shifted my torso half off of Jack 
and guided Moe's cock to my lips.  It was a healthy-sized one, although 
much smaller than the one in my pussy, as Jack reminded me with a 
twitch.  I slipped Moe's prick between my lips and slid down on it, taking 
as much of it into my mouth as I could.
	My energy was slowly returning.  I took deep breaths through my 
nose while I worked on Moe, sliding my head up and down, up and down, 
in a steady rhythm that slowly gathered steam.  Moe let out a long sigh 
and started fucking my mouth, shifting his hips back and forth, matching 
my pace.  I kept my hand wrapped around his cock, letting it slide through 
my fingers and into my warm oral cavern.
	Beneath me, Jack began to fuck my pussy more vigorously again.  
His big prick had lost little ground during the past minutes, and it quickly 
swelled back up to full size.  I could feel the head as it shoved up deep 
inside me.  It throbbed repeatedly, ballooning up and then subsiding.
	This, I realized in a haze, was part of my fantasy come true.  I was 
making love to - no, fucking - two men at the same time.  I had imagined 
this, sucking one while fucking the other.  I inhaled the pungent odor of 
man scent.  I savored the taste and feel of the cock sliding into my throat, 
the insistent thrust of it through my fingers, the invading, possessing 
demand of the prick in my pussy.  I suddenly felt like crying, for joy.
	The bed rocked as Manny (I assumed it was Manny) climbed back 
onto the bed.  I hadn't even realized that he had left.  I heard a faint pop 
as he opened something, then the cool, slick touch of his fingers on my 
asshole.  He was spreading some kind of lubricant, which he began 
working into my back passage.  I knew what he was going to do.  He was 
going to fuck my ass.  I was going to fuck three men at a time, not two.  
Words can't possibly convey how much I wanted it.
	Manny didn't keep me waiting long.  I suspect he was more than 
ready himself after all the delays.  After all, he hadn't come himself in our 
original fucking session so long ago.  I had no idea how much time had 
passed since we had first gone back to his bedroom.  It seemed like 
hours.
	Now he was climbing up behind me, squatting at my ass.  He 
grabbed one cheek and pushed it to the side, exposing my asshole.  I felt 
the blunt head of his cock nudge against it.  I stopped fucking Jack and 
just held Moe's prick in my mouth, all my attention focused on the tight 
pucker of my butt and the stiff column of meat poised just outside it.
	"You want this, don't you, Kay?" Manny said, not really asking.  
"You want me to fuck your ass, don't you?"  I nodded and murmured 
around Moe's prick.  He knew I wanted it.  They all knew.
	"Here it comes then," he said, and then to Jack, "Hold her."
	As Jack tightened his arms around me, Manny pushed his hips 
forward and speared his cock into my tight butthole.  Too late, I realized 
that with Jack's prick occupying most of the available space in there, 
there was precious little room for anything else.
	The head of Manny's dick went in easier than I expected, probably 
because of the lubrication and his earlier stretching.  It popped past my 
anal ring, producing a sharp twinge of pain, but it wasn't as bad as I'd felt 
before.  But that was all the farther he got, because his prick jammed up 
against Jack and stopped.
	"Jesus," Manny said, "this is going to be tighter than I thought.  
Hold her steady there, Jack."
	"I... I don't know, Manny," Jack said.  "Maybe it's just too tight."
	"There's no such thing as too tight," Manny shot back.  "Anyway, 
tight or not, I'm going to fuck her ass.  Just you hold her steady."
	While this was happening, I lay there, passive but keyed up 
emotionally, awash in a strange, sensuous fog.  It was as if I was outside 
myself, watching.  There I was, slumped across Jack and skewered on his 
enormous cock, with Moe's slick, stiff prick filling my mouth like a big 
pacifier.  Now Manny was behind me, ready to drive his prick into me.  It 
was a moment of incredible eroticism.  I was surrounded by three men 
who were going to fuck me, all at the same time.  
	I wanted Manny to fuck my ass so badly that I was quivering with 
passion.  My whole being seemed concentrated on the tight ring of flesh 
that was clutching the head of his cock.  I wanted the rest.  I wanted him 
to drive it all the way up my ass.  I didn't care how much it hurt.  I wanted 
it.
	Jack tightened his grip on my back and Moe put his hands behind 
my head, pinning me in place.  Manny shifted slightly, changing the angle 
of penetration upward, and shoved forward.  A searing bolt of pain shot 
through me as he began to force his cock into my butt.  Despite Moe's 
grip on my head, I jerked it back and off him, crying out in agony.
	"Aiiiiee!  It hurts!.  Oh god!"
	Manny pulled back slightly, but that temporary moment of relief was 
quickly replaced by another burning jolt of torment as he surged forward 
again and drove his prick deeper up my asshole.
	"Shut up, bitch!" Manny snapped.  "You know you want it.  And 
you're going to get it!"
	Again, he pulled back slightly and once again shoved into my 
tender, stretched anus.  It felt like a red-hot metal pole going in.  I cried 
out wordlessly, my eyes suddenly full of tears.
	"Ah, Jesus, that's tight," Manny groaned as he continued to drive 
his cock up my butt.  "Umpf!  Damn!  Take it!  Argh!  Just a little more.  
Umpf!  Umpf!"
	Despite my weeping protests, he hammered his spike into my ass, 
forcing his way up my painfully spasming back channel until I felt his 
stomach slap against my fanny.  Grabbing my hips, he pulled me back 
onto his spear of flesh, cramming the last little bit inside me.
	I almost blacked out with the pain.  For long moments I lay there, 
pinned between the two cocks driven into my middle from front and 
behind.  Afraid to move for fear of stirring new agonies, I could only 
crouch there, trembling and crying.
	But once he was in me, Manny held still and gave me time to 
recover.  Slowly, the pain dwindled and was replaced by an incredible, 
wonderful fullness that transcended anything I had ever felt.  A line came 
to me out of nowhere and rattled around and around in my head:  "I've got 
Manny in my fanny and Jack in my crack."
	My poor cunny, which had already been stretched to its limits by 
Jack's huge cock, had now been drawn even tighter by the second wedge 
driven into my backside.  It felt like I was impaled on a stone column 
driven into my most sensitive parts.  Far from painful, it was wildly sexy, 
and I could feel my pussy dripping with new lubrication.  Meanwhile, 
Manny's somewhat smaller prick felt at least as big as Jack's because of 
the already tight quarters it had been forced into.
	Beyond the merely physical stimulation, though, was the 
extraordinary knowledge that I was sandwiched between two men, each 
of them buried deep inside me.  It was my fantasy come true, and it was 
far more sensual, more exciting and more erotic that I had ever dreamed.  
Tremors of pain were replaced by tremors of passion welling up from my 
depths.  I lay between Jack and Manny quivering with desire.  
Experimentally, I shifted my hips and felt the two cocks move inside me.
	As if on a signal, both of them began to draw back at the same 
time, pulling their pricks slowly out of my two clutching holes.  I was 
overwhelmed by a sudden feeling of almost desperate loss.  Just as I was 
about to protest, they paused with only the heads of their cocks still in me, 
and then slowly, slowly, a fraction of an inch at a time, shoved them back 
into my depths.  Desperation was replaced by ecstasy as they stretched 
me, filled me again, stirred me with unimagined pleasure.  I moaned, a 
wordless sigh from the bottom of my soul.
	As they began to pump steadily in and out of my cunt and ass, Moe 
stirred beside me.  I realized that I had been clutching his cock through all 
of this.  The head of it was purple with trapped blood, and it was rock-
solid in my fingers.  I was immediately overcome with desire to complete 
the connection.  I knew instantly that I wanted to fuck all three of them at 
once, to make them all come, to use all the capacity of my womanhood, to 
be their fuck-goddess of passion and release.
	I plunged my face back onto Moe's throbbing erection, slavering 
over it and sucking it deep into my mouth.  At the same time, I began to 
rock back and forth between Jack and Manny.  Although I was pinned 
between them, I took charge.  I was no longer getting fucked, I was 
fucking them.  All three of them.
	"Ooooh," said Manny, "lookee there.  You like it, don't you, you 
little slut."  He rolled his hips around, making his prick waggle in my 
behind.  "You got a cock in your ass, and one in your cunt, and a nice big 
lollipop to suck on.  What more could a girl ask for?"
	The answer was - nothing.  I was full, replete.  I wanted nothing 
but to stay in that moment of triple penetration forever, rocking back and 
forth between Jack and Manny, sucking ferociously on Moe's cock.  I took 
his prick deeper than I had ever done before, allowing it to slide past the 
back of my mouth and into my throat.  Moe stiffened in surprise and 
moaned with delight as I swallowed him repeatedly.
	Even though much of my conscious attention was on Moe, it was 
the alternating slide of the cocks in my pussy and ass that was stirring my 
body profoundly.  Pushing myself down onto Jack's cock, I was filled 
deliciously even as Manny's slid out, producing a sense of emptiiness.  
When I pushed backward, Jack's big prick dragged along my clit, while 
Manny's forced it way back up my rectum.  And in between, there was the 
unique sensation of their two stiff rods, separated only by a thin wall of 
flesh, rubbing along each other deep within me.
	Manny was not content to let me do all the fucking for long.  At first, 
he simply jutted his hips forward when I slid back onto him, driving his 
cock as far as possible up my ass.  Before long, however, he grabbed my 
hips and began shoving me back and forth while he pumped in and out of 
my butt.
	Jack was more constrained with the weight of both of us pressing 
down on him, but he bumped upward to meet my descending pussy as 
hard as possible and rolled his hips to make his prick churn inside me 
whenever the pressure on him lessened.  
	The emphatic fucking I was getting, front and back, left me free to 
concentrate on Moe's cock.  I drove my throat up and down on him, 
sucking vigorously, squeezing him with my lips and lashing my tongue 
back and forth on the sensitive underside.  My hand slid up and down his 
pole, rubbing and clutching as it slid through my spit-slickened fingers.
	It was Moe who came first.  Although he'd been a spectator almost 
as much as a participant, he had the best view in the house of what was 
surely one of the most erotic sights in his experience.  Then, too, I give 
excellent head, and he was getting my best.  In any case, he moaned and 
shot a load of cum into my mouth, which I gulped down greedily.  Several 
more spurts followed quickly, and I swallowed it all except for a little bit 
which leaked out of my mouth and ran down my chin.
	I had been teetering on the brink of another orgasm myself, and 
the feel of Moe's cum jetting into my eagerly sucking mouth was enough 
to kick me over the edge.  I squealed around his still-drooling meat as the 
first wave hit me and then went jerking out of control.  My body bucked 
and shook as succeeding waves rolled through me.  I ricocheted back and 
forth between Manny and Jack, fucking myself wildly on their two cocks, 
driving first one and then the other into my pussy and asshole.
	That was enough to trigger both of them.  I'm not sure whether 
Manny or Jack came first, but suddenly both of them were yelling and 
slamming their pricks into me with a violence that would have been scary 
if it hadn't felt so good.  My pussy and ass were both suddenly slick with 
their cream.
	Manny drove his cock up my butt one last time and then collapsed 
on my back, forcing Jack's still spitting prick deep into my cunt.  We lay 
there recovering in a crumpled heap for several minutes.  I nursed on 
Moe's slowly dwindling hard-on until he became too sensitive and slid it 
out of my mouth.
	Eventually, the weight was two much for me.  With obvious 
reluctance, Manny slid his cock out of my ass, but not before goosing it up 
my backside a few more times.  By the time he finally slid it out, I was half-
tempted to ask him to stay.
	I rolled off Jack and slumped across the bed in a daze.  Moe went 
into the bathroom and came back with a warm, damp washcloth which he 
used to wipe my face, pussy and ass with surprising tenderness.
	Later, after catching my breath, I staggered off to the shower, 
intending to get cleaned up and leave.  I was not terribly surprised, 
though, when the door slid open.  I would have guessed that it would be 
Manny, though, instead of Moe.
	I was wrong by only a few minutes.  None of them, it seemed, could 
let me out of their sight for long.  Moe was just finishing a very thorough 
job of washing me when the other two joined us in the bathroom.   We 
traded places, and Moe dried me off as thoroughly as he had washed me, 
after which he bent me over the bathroom counter and slid his cock into 
me from behind.  Manny and Jack pushed the shower curtain open and 
watched while he fucked me to another knee-weakening orgasm.
	Later, Manny dragged me back into the bedroom where I gave him 
a long, sensuous blowjob.  After he finally shot his cum into my mouth, 
Jack pushed me onto my stomach and wedged his huge fuckpole up my 
ass, a feat that would probably not been possible if I hadn't been 
loosened up by Manny's previous session there.

	It was nearly three a.m. when I finally fell asleep in Manny's arms.  
The next morning, they took me to breakfast and then home.  I said a 
tender goodbye to the three of them that surely gave the neighbors 
something to talk about, kissing each of them deeply and passionately on 
my front step.
	I  was exhausted, of course.  When the movers arrived that 
afternoon, they noticed and commented on how tired I seemed, assuming 
that it was from packing.  And, in a way, they were right.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
End of 'Only a Fantasy' by Titmouse.
Story 28

Author's Note:

While a female friend thought I did a fair job of getting into Kay's
mind and creating a plausible situation in which a woman might just do
as described, she didn't like the cussing and forcefulness with which
the three guys -- especially Manny -- proceeded.  That, she said, would
have turned her off and brought an immmediate end to the proceedings.

She's probably right and, were I inclined to expend the effort, I'd
probably rewrite this story with a more gentle and appreciative approach.
I was trying to make Manny a dominant, pushy presence and succeeded all
too well, I guess.  I don't think he was serious, though.  And, if it
needs saying, this is a complete fantasy.

                          ---
I welcome your comments but hate spam.  Send messages to
NiteSweats@aol.com and put 'Titmouse' somewhere in the subject line.
Anything else will be deleted automatically.
