STRICT UPBRINGING

BY KEV

Steven 8 and Paul 9 real mom died when the boys were young and
their dad remarried but passed away recently leaving the boys
with their step mom 32. One day she called the boys into the
lounge and told them to strip naked. They both hesitated at first
but being strict with them anyway they both obeyed. She had on
the carpet quite a few selection of bondage gears etc. Steven had
a collar secured around his neck and next a belt around his
waist. Next a cuff on both wrists were then secured at the back
of the belt and Steven was unable move his arms very much. The
same was done to Paul and in no time both were helpless. Next she
shaved both the boys head of their hair. Then the next their step
mom secured a ball gag ensuring silence on both boys. Then a hood
slipped over their head with slit openings for both eyes and
nose. Their step mom stood back to admire her efforts and smiled.
This left both boys penis semi-erected and balls as well as their
bottom exposed to the elements. Little did the boys know that
their lives would be serving their step mom as slaves. And
earphones were both attached to their hoods. "You boys are now my
slaves and you will do as you are told, I have complete control
over your lives and upbringing, you are now be called slaves" and
grinned back at the miserable two shivering with fear.

The boys were ordered to bend over and suddenly without any
warnings both spanked 100 times each 50 on each side of their
bottom and with the help of their gags a slight sound emitted but
just audible. Tears were now falling and spoiling their hoods a
bit. "Both of you better stop crying or else another 50 more
spanks with be added" and as if by magic the boys stopped crying.

"Stand up both of you and face me" both turned facing their step
mom with very hard boners and she said there are now some rules
for you to obey or else further spanking will come forth".
Pausing letting them know what has just been said, the mirophone
was clipped to her blouse amazing technology just a radio wave
which only travelled 50ft which was ideal for training her step
sons and the only sounds they will ever hear is their strict step
mom's.

"Rule one bondage will be part of you training to becoming slave
boys" spoke quietly through the microphone. "Your cock and balls
and bottom in fact your whole body belongs to me".

Now the boys realised they were at her mercy and dreaded what
kind of a slave life they were going to lead.....wishing for
anything but this.......nightmare.

"Rule 2 you will have your gag removed when ever I wish it and
both of you will suck each other cocks for as long as I wish it
at any time I want" said their step mom.....

***

The slave boys Steven 8 and Paul 9 stood rigidly to attention in
front of their step mom with their leather hoods firmly over
their shaven heads covering almost everything except for their
eyes, nose and mouth but both had a gag fitted neatly in their
small mouths.

Their cocks were now semi hard now after each of them had a
severe spanking and both were visibly shaken. The ear piece
attached to the hood was the only sound they were going to hear
especially from their step mom. Suddenly the ear piece crackled
and the slave boys listen attentively "Right young slaves" step
mom chirped into their ear piece as she had a small mircophone
attached on her v shaped T-shirt since it was summer a very hot
late afternoon. "Both of you will learn to live in semi bondage
and complete bondage, in fact slaves it's bedtime for you both
and what a surprise you going to get. But first relieve
yourselves and you have five minutes..now go" she barked her
order out. The slave boys walked quickly to the bathroom and
managed to pee even though they could not touch or hold their
cocks hence arms firmly tied folded behind their backs. Their
small tight bottoms very red from the spanking was even tighter
trying to relieve themselves. Once done the slave boys walked to
the bedroom and on reaching it there in the middle of the room
was a single bed and all over there was leather straps, chains,
padlocks on a white foam mattress. There was fear in their eyes
and goose pimples suddenly appeared on both slave boys naked
bodies...

"Slave boys stand to attention" step mom ordered. Both boys stood
to attention and their cocks suddenly went a bit hard and their
bottoms tighted.

"As you can see both of you are going to have a very tight
afternoon and night bondaged together sleeping very tightly and
movements very difficult, lets say impossible... let's get
started shall we" she talked gently but with authority into their
earpiece.




