Spin the Bottle Part 1 (story codes: f(16)m(14), oral, first, teen)

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

=============


The bottle spun, and when it stopped, it was pointing at Taisha. Everyone in the room burst out in applause. "Alright, Ti!" they all shouted.

Rachel pulled a piece of paper out of a coffee can and held it up to read it. "Spanking!" Cheers from the crowd again. Rachel made her official-sounding voice: "The person that the bottle is pointing at shall receive two hard spanks on his or her bare ass. He or she spins the bottle to determine who will do the spanking."

To the delight of everyone, Taisha grabbed the bottle without hesitation and gave it a spin. When it stopped it was pointing at Jeremy. Everybody cheered again. Jeremy was two grades younger than Taisha and he'd never been to one of their parties before, but he was a good friend of Rachel's newest boyfriend so of course she invited him to her party. The only thing Taisha knew about him was that he was super shy and nerdy, which she thought was sorta cute. He was pretty nice looking otherwise, too, even though he was only a freshman: tall and skinny and blonde and blue-eyed.

She stood up and walked over to him amid a great deal of laughter and applause. Standing in front of him as he sat cross-legged on the floor, she unbuttoned her pants and slipped the backside over her ass. Then she knelt next to him and leaned over his lap.

"Yeah!" people were shouting. "Com'on Jerry, nice and hard!"

Taisha looked up at the kid. He was looking back down at her with a nervous smile. "Nice and hard," she said, "or else they'll make you do it again." He nodded, then lifted his hand up in the air and brought it down really hard on Taisha's bare ass. She winced as she felt the sting reverberate through her body. He did it again.

Everyone was hooting and hollering all around them and Jeremy had a big grin. The little fucker liked spanking her, Taisha thought. Gotta remember that! Before she could stand up, someone in the crowd shouted, "Quick, Jerry, cop a feel before she gets up!" She felt the shy kid put his hand on her ass and then slip it down between her legs. While he groped her, he looked at her sort of sheepishly, but she smiled at him, letting him know that it was OK with her.

A few minutes later the bottle was pointing at her again. "Ti again!" people were shouting. Rachel pulled another piece of paper out of the can. "OK, here's a good one. Put your hand down the front of someone's pants and keep it there for at least thirty seconds. Inside the underwear, too. You get to choose who."

Everyone hooted and hollered and a couple people were chanting "Jerry! Jerry!" Taisha looked around the room. Normally when they play this game and she gets this one, she picks Rachel, and Rachel picks her. Not because they're lesbians or anything but just because it's easier with your best friend than with some guy you don't really know. But now Rachel's got her little boyfriend and Taisha knows she'd pick him instead of her and that made her a little, well, "jealous" isn't exactly the right word but anyway it made her not want to pick Rachel. There were a few other girls she could do it to, and a couple of boys, but it didn't take more than a second or two for her eyes to land on Jeremy. The poor skinny nerd was looking at her with a bright red face.

"I pick Jerry," she said. Cheers erupted from around the room and he looked like maybe he was going to be sick. She stood up and walked over to him. "Com'on," she said, reaching her hand out to him.

He took her hand and stood up, amid great joyous cheering from the crowd. Then Taisha rather unceremoniously shoved her hand down his pants.

Taisha loves cock. It's like her favorite thing in the world. And the kid had a fine specimen; he was already big and hard, probably still hard from having groped her a couple minutes earlier. Who knows, that might have been the first pussy he'd ever touched. She was always amazed at how big a cock could get, especially on a skinny little runt like this guy. He might be skinny but his cock was big and thick and long. Damn! She pushed her hand further down and wrapped her fingers around his nuts. She smiled up at him, eyes twinkling, then looked over at Rachel.

"Wow, he's hung!"

Wild cheers from everyone in the room at that comment!

"You two should go in the storage room!" Rachel said.

Taisha gave his balls a little squeeze. "Whadda ya think? You want to?"

He was looking at her with big wide eyes and was apparently unable to make any response at all to her question.

"Com'on," she said, pulling gently on his balls and then taking her hand out and leading him to the storage room.

The storage room. Ah, the storage room. It's where the kids go to make out at Rachel's parties. And sometimes they do a lot more than make out. Taisha had been going into the storage room since she was twelve; she'd probably made out with fifteen different guys in there and had sex with a bunch of them, including the first fuck of her life.

That was with a guy named Ricky. She was still twelve at the time, and all this stuff was new and exciting to her and she was super naive. He was fifteen and he wasn't naive at all, he knew exactly what he wanted and how to get it. They were hardly in there for ten seconds before he had her skirt up and his hand down her panties. Then he pulled her panties down and unzipped his fly and pulled his dick out, and she realized then what he was planning to do.

"Wait a sec," she said. Not that she was going to say no or anything, she just needed him to go slower. But he just planted his hand right on her mouth and nose, pushing her back, hard, up against the wall of the storage room. He was pushing his hand so hard against her mouth and nose that she couldn't even breathe.

"Shut the fuck up," he said. That's all he said to her, the whole time until he was done, just that one sentence: "Shut the fuck up." And she was suddenly really scared, she couldn't breathe and she knew he could get really rough with her if he wanted, he was big and strong and she was just a little twelve year old girl. So she just nodded, letting him know that she'd cooperate.

It was too dark in the room to really see what he was doing but she knew he had a big wicked smile on his face, but he didn't take his hand off her nose and mouth or even let up at all, he just reached down to his dick and started rubbing it into her pussy. Then he just pushed it in, nice and hard. It hurt like hell, it felt like he was tearing her wide open. He pulled back out and shoved back in again.

And that's basically all that he did. He just held her head hard against the wall, his hand wrapped tight over her mouth and her nose so that she couldn't even breathe, and shoved his cock in. Pulled back and shoved it in just as hard as he could, over and over. Back, and rammed in, back, and rammed in, a steady, slow, and forceful rhythm.

She's had sex a bunch since then and has had some really good fucks, but Ricky definitely wasn't one of them. He was rough, pretty much just brutal. It hurt like hell the entire time he fucked her, but at least it didn't last long. It hardly lasted even a half a minute. He just rammed his dick in her about twenty or thirty times, super hard, and then he grunted and she suddenly felt it get all wet in her pussy and she knew he was coming inside her. There was nothing she could do about it, she just had to stand there and take it and he shoved hard into her a couple more times, and then he pulled out.

He still had his hand pressed hard against her mouth and nose as he reached down and stuffed his dick back in his pants.

"Thanks," he hissed at her, and left the storage room. She could hear the kids in the other room cheering, and there wasn't really anything she could do but just pull her panties up and walk out. She could feel her panties getting wet as his shit leaked out of her, but everyone cheered and she managed a big smile. Ricky had a self-satisfied grin as he looked at her.

After that she got quite a reputation. Ricky definitely told all the boys that he'd got pussy from her, in case they couldn't figure it out themselves. The next four or five times she went into the storage room, the boys just wanted to get their dicks wet, and she obliged them. At some parties she went in there two or three times with different guys! Most of them were really sweet about it, treating her nice and being gentle. But she did go in there a couple more times with Ricky and he was just as rough, always wrapping his hand over her mouth and nose and pushing her back and fucking her really hard. And she figured out pretty quick that even though it felt better with some of the other boys, for some reason she liked it best with Ricky. She was sort of sad when he moved away about a half a year after they did it the first time; there were no other boys that treated her like Ricky did, and she kind of missed it.

So now, here she was dragging this skinny nerdy kid into the storage room with her. When they got into the room and got the door shut, she sank down on her knees in front of him and unbuttoned his pants.

Like I said, Taisha loves cock, and this kid had a fine specimen. She dropped her jaw and took his nice big purple head in and sucked and she heard the kid moan and that sound turned her on so much that she could feel girl-come flowing out of her and soaking her undies. Fuck, she loves sucking a big cock, and it was so awesome that it was this kid's first time. He'll remember this forever!

She sucked him for a little while, enjoying having her mouth completely full of his big head and loving the sweaty musky taste of cock. She jacked on his dick and squeezed his balls for a while, then she looked up at him, even though it was really too dark to see him.

"I'm so horny," she said. "Will you fuck me?" As if there was any question what the answer was gonna be!

The poor kid was so nervous he couldn't even talk. Taisha quick pulled her pants and panties off and grabbed his hips. She sat back on her bottom and pulled him down on top of her and grabbed his cock and directed it into her puss. It slid right in.

"There you go, big guy," she said. She loved the way it felt to have cock all the way inside her, it filled her up so full, it stretched her open, it made her feel so dirty. "Oh my god," she said, "I love your cock!"

She grabbed the kid's skinny hips and pushed him back, then pulled him in to her again, helping the poor nervous virgin get the hang of things. Pretty soon he figured out what he was supposed to do and he was sliding happily in and out of her and she got that wonderful felling of being stuffed full of cock, over and over, stretched open and stuffed full like a dirty slut.

She lifted her legs up in the air. "Oh, yeah, Jerry, fuck me! Fuck me harder! Fuck me as hard as you can!"

It was pretty clear that the skinny little boy didn't really have any idea how to fuck a girl hard. But he tried, and Taisha thought that was sweet of him. Every time he tried to fuck her harder, his dick would slip out completely; the little virgin just couldn't get the rhythm down at all. And once he'd slipped out, he would fumble around a bit trying to get it back in and she would have to reach down there and help him find the mark. And so even though he really didn't fuck her as hard as she wanted, she still had a really good time.

It didn't take the boy long, maybe a couple of minutes, and she could tell he was getting ready to unload. She wrapped her legs around him and looked up at his face in the dim light and whispered, "You're so big, Jerry, you have such a big dick!" She loved talking to guys like this and it was particularly fun with this skinny pipsqueak virgin. 

The kid lifted his head up in the air and said loudly, "Oh my God!"

And Taisha was like, "Are you gonna come Jerry?" And the kid nodded, and she said, "Oh, yeah, Jerry, fill me up! Make me your dirty girl with your come! Give me so much fucking come that I'm overflowing!"

He bellowed. Seriously, the skinny little virgin boy bellowed out loud, so loud that Taisha knew everyone in the other room knew he was coming. It was sort of like a moan, or a groan, or even like a howl--"Uhhhhggggg!" It was a hell of a noise that kid made the first time his virgin cock got to shoot come inside a pussy. He kept going, bellowing and coming, for quite a while. He certainly did his duty good, she was completely overflowing when he finally pulled out of her.

They walked out of the storage room together, and everyone in the room burst out cheering. "Alright, Jerry! Way to go!" The kid was just beaming, ear to ear, maybe the happiest fourteen year old boy on the face of the earth.



Taisha loves the way most guys act after you've given them pussy, especially the first pussy they've ever gotten in their lives. They dote on you, they are so nice to you, they buy you nice stuff and do anything you ask them to do, hoping so badly that you'll let them get their dicks wet again. And Taisha, she usually obliges, so long as they are nice enough to her.

Jeremy was no exception, not hardly. He was maybe the nicest, most grateful, most pussy-whipped boy she'd ever known. Taisha was fine with that and she let him fuck her pretty much whenever they could be alone. If only she could get him to do it harder, then he'd be the best boyfriend she'd ever had! But, she figured, that was mainly a matter of experience--the more he fucked, the better he'd get at it. And she was definitely happy to help him out with that!


[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com. Also, visit my story site at www.asstr.org/~Chris_Hailey. Thanks!]
