Two more bullies get punished.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Academy, Part 2 (Mf, interr, M-solo, mc, Mdom, nc, oral, viol)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Griff sat with the older teachers at dinner, mostly to avoid Paula the librarian's advances. The older ladies didn't have much interest in him, which suited him just fine. Ms. Ferguson, the administrator of the school, never showed up to fire him for assaulting Ariel earlier that afternoon. He wondered how Treena was so sure that her bully wouldn't rat him out for the impromptu spanking.

After dinner, he watched some TV in his room and went to bed. As his brain reviewed the day and dwelled on the absurd encounter in the storage building, he found his cock hardening at the thought of Ariel as the 16-year-old girl practically vibrated in his lap while he spanked the sexy redhead's perfectly formed ass. "That was crazy," he spoke out loud as he pushed his sheets off to reveal his thin six incher in the dim light of his digital alarm clock.

He thought that he heard a gasp from somewhere in the room but a quick activation of his bedside lamp revealed an empty chamber, save for his shadow playing off of the wall. He shook his head, switched it back off, and started to stroke. It didn't take long for him to loose his pent-up load onto his chest with a groan and a sigh. As he used some tissues to clean it up he could have sworn that he felt a finger run through his puddle of spend, but of course that was impossible.

His body now perfectly relaxed, he quickly fell asleep. He dreamed of the storage room encounter, marveling that Ariel hadn't screamed at any point. Had she been into it? He wondered if maybe she had some sort of submission kink.

---

When Griff woke in the morning, he wasn't sure if what he remembered from the previous day had been real or a dream, but Ms. Ferguson still hadn't shown up with the police. He asked one of the other teachers about the school administrator.

"Ms. Ferguson? Oh, she has her meals delivered to her office...she doesn't deign to come down here and eat with the common folk," one of the older teachers told him.

He got to class early and kept an eye on Ariel as she sat at her desk. Had she winced? The girl noticed his gaze and turned her eyes away, her face visibly reddening. Her behavior wasn't filling him with confidence that yesterday's bizarre encounter had been a dream after all.

Treena walked by and gave him a cute smile before heading up the stairs to her desk. Griff kept her retreating slim legs in his peripheral vision as she ascended, which allowed him to see one of the other girls stick her leg out, sending Treena sprawling onto the steps.

"Penelope!" She was one of Ariel's cadre, the tall blonde. "I saw that. You stay after class. You okay, Treena?"

The small girl was dusting her skirt off. "Yes, Mr. Parr, I'm okay." He could see that one of her knees had been scraped, but he trusted her assessment.

The rest of the history class went well enough. It hadn't been his favorite subject in school but he knew his stuff, though it looked like several of the students were ready for a nap by the time the bell rang.

"Penelope..." he growled as the girl tried to slip out as if she had forgotten. She turned back and leaned her butt against the desk he pointed her to in the front row, causing her long, shapely legs to extend.

"It was an accident, sir..." she began.

"I saw you purposely stick your leg out, Penelope...you knew what you were doing."

"Are you gonna spank her too, Mr. Parr?"

He turned to see Treena closing the classroom door. The three of them were alone now.

"What?!" Penelope's long, pretty face visibly blanched. "But..."

"Good idea, Treena. Turn around, Penelope, bend over, and raise your skirt," Griff directed his student.

She turned and did exactly that, showing off a pair of white 'boyshorts' style underwear above her tanned thighs. "What...is happening?" she asked, confused.

Whack!

"Oww..." she cried out at the impact of his palm on her soft buttocks, but with surprisingly little volume, just as had happened with Ariel the day before.

Whack! Whack! Whack!

"Uhhuhhuhh..." Penelope cried onto the desk, seemingly unable to do anything else.

The classroom door opened. Griff, unconcerned, continued to abuse the sexy young blonde's ass as Treena turned to level her gaze at the newcomer.

It was Paula the librarian. She looked into the room, froze for a moment, and then closed the door again. "Guess he's already in the lunchroom?" her voice called out as it disappeared down the hallway.

Whack! Whack! Griff stopped at ten and stepped back. Penelope dropped to the floor.

"Oh, look at what you've done, Penelope," Treena said, pointing to Griff's prominent hardon as it tented out his slacks. "I think you should take responsibility for that."

"What?" Penelope looked up and saw Griff's crotch, so close to her face, and shied back. "No..."

But Griff was already unzipping his pants and extracting his turgid member. "It's only fair," he advised the blonde as he grabbed her head and shoved his dick between her lips. "Remember, 'blow' is just an expression...suck!"

"Mmhggh!" Penelope raised her eyes to Griff's face, but seeing no sympathy there, she closed her eyes and sucked as directed while tears flowed down her cheeks.

Griff started to thrust in and out of her mouth. Penelope didn't know what to do so she kept sucking as she did her best to breathe through her nose.

It took a few minutes with the inexperienced cocksucker, but Griff eventually started huffing and thrusting harder.

"You have to swallow or it'll make a big mess," Treena advised her bully. "It's salty but you'll get used to it."

Griff didn't think to ask how she knew that because he was otherwise distracted. "HUHNG!" he grunted as he blew his load into the nubile young blonde's mouth.

"UHHLK!" Penelope was choking as her teacher's warm seed hit the back of her throat. She reflexively swallowed to clear her airway just in time for another blast to inundate her tonsils.

"Huhh...huhhh..." Griff moaned as the last dregs of his ejaculation dripped into the girl's mouth and she dutifully swallowed it down. Then she pulled back and winced as she landed on her abused buttcheeks.

Treena nibbled her lower lip as she looked at Griff's softening member. "I think Ms. Paula was looking for you, Mr. Parr. I'll take care of Penelope."

Griff zipped up. "Oh? Yeah, I'd better get to lunch. Thanks, Treena." Then he headed out of the classroom, unconcerned about the gross betrayal of authority that he had just perpetrated.

---

After lunch was physical education, so Griff joined the class in the gymnasium after changing into his shorts and t-shirt in one of the washrooms along the way, given that the changing room was for females only.

He couldn't take his eyes off of the sixteen-year-old girls in their short shorts and tight tees. If he hadn't just blown a load down Penelope's throat an hour before, he would have had trouble keeping his cock from tenting out his own shorts as he directed the students into two volleyball teams.

He sat and watched as the girls bounced up and down all over the court. Damn, their gym strip was tight! He noted Penelope with her shapely legs...she saw him looking at her and nervously licked her lips, remembering the taste of his stuff as she did so. Distracted, she didn't notice the volleyball until it bounced off of her head.

A little later, Treena flubbed two back-to-back serves into the net, eliciting groans of disappointment from her team. "Okay, learning moment...aim higher next time, Treena!" Griff called out.

Treena's team started losing and one of her teammates, a voluptuous Black girl, shoulder checked her to the floor. Griff blew his whistle. "Hadiza! You're out, and see me after the bell rings." She shook her head to protest but he blew his whistle again and she complied.

The rest of the class went by without issue. As everyone else headed to change, he sat next to Hadiza on the bleachers to discuss what had happened. They were alone.

"I'm sorry, Mr. Parr," the curly, dark-haired girl explained with a slight accent he couldn't place. "I was just so frustrated because Tree Nut can't serve."

He sighed as he corrected her, "Treena."

"Yes, Mr. Parr?"

Griff startled at finding Treena right next to him. "Jeez!"

"You should lay across his lap, Hadiza, face down," Treena told her.

Hadiza looked understandably shocked. "Um...um...?"

"Yes, Treena's right," Griff informed her. "Time for your spanking."

"What...what is happening?" Hadiza asked as she clambered to her hands and knees and lay across Griff's legs.

"Gotta get rid of these..." Treena added as she helpfully pulled Hadiza's shorts down her legs, accidentally taking her purple panties with them. "Oops!"

Griff felt his cock rising quickly at the sight of the voluptuous Black student's round ass staring him in the face. He took a moment to rub his good hand across those globes.

"Mr...Parr?" Hadiza squeaked.

Griff wound up and spanked the girl's booty, hard.

"Ahh!" she cried out quietly, as if she had suddenly contracted laryngitis. She weakly kicked as Griff spanked her again and again.

After ten, he rubbed her buttcheeks, noting how much hotter to the touch they were. Then he let her up.

"Doesn't Hadiza have nice boobs, Mr. Parr?" Treena asked him.

Griff looked at the Black girl's chest. Yes, he nodded...they looked to be C cups, rare for a sixteen-year-old.

Hadiza lifted her arms as if in a trance and Treena pulled her classmate's t-shirt off to reveal a purple bra that barely restrained the voluptuous girl's mammaries. Treena unsnapped the bra and those boobs bounced out. Hadiza's areolas were wide and purplish, darker than her bra, with thick nipples.

"Lay back..." Treena directed the now naked student (except for her shoes and socks) onto the length of one of the bleachers and her classmate obeyed without question.

"I bet you could slide your thing right in between those, couldn't you, Mr. Parr?" Treena pointed out the cleavage between the Black girl's breasts.

Griff had to agree. He pulled down his shorts and underwear to reveal his hard six incher. Hadiza's eyes locked onto it and she gulped. He climbed astride the quiescent bully's chest, took her breasts in his hands, and slipped his cock between them. "Oh wow..." he moaned as he started to thrust, the sweat on the girl's dark chocolate skin assisting his efforts.

"Keep your mouth open," Treena commanded Hadiza and she obeyed, her eyes unable to tear themselves away from her teacher's hard member as it played peekaboo between her breasts.

After a few minutes, Griff thrust harder, huffing.

"You're gonna swallow it, right?" Treena asked Hadiza and the supine girl nodded, tears rolling down her cheeks.

"Huhgh!" Griff groaned as the teen girl's tight cleavage urged his load out.

"Ack!" Hadiza cried out as the first blast hit her cheek. She angled her head to catch the next spurt in her mouth and swallowed, wincing at the strange taste.

Then Griff let go of her breasts and moved up to press his still-spurting cock between the girl's lips. She swallowed again and again until his ejaculation ended.

Treena wiped some sperm from Hadiza's cheek with her finger and sucked it into her own mouth. "Mmm...thanks, Mr. Parr."

He got to his feet and pulled his shorts back up. "My pleasure." Then he left the gymnasium, once again without a concern as to what had just happened.

---

At dinner, Griff furrowed his brow in concentration. His life seemed to be unreal...had he actually gotten a blowjob and titjob from his students, or had he dreamed that? If that had actually happened, why wasn't he in a jail cell right now?

"Penny for your thoughts?" Paula sat down next to him.

"Just...interesting second day," he responded.

"Oh...do tell."

He realized that he definitely couldn't do that! "Um...just some interpersonal issues with some of the students."

"Mm," Paula hummed sympathetically and cut into her pork chop.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: https://storiesonline.net/a/krosis-of-the-collective

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)