Dad gives JJ "the talk".

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle, Chapter 7 (mf, mc, nc, impreg?)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

When JJ got home, his nose itched and he reflexively sniffed. His mood, upbeat from the sex he had just had with Marti, plus getting to watch the lesbian action immediately afterward with her friend Gwen, soured. Oh, right, he remembered, he was supposed to talk to John, their houseguest.

He went down into the basement and felt his mood darken with each step he took. Finally, he forced himself to knock on the guest room door.

John poked his head out and frowned at JJ, but then he shook his head. "Meet me out front, JJ, okay? I know you don't like me right now, but I think I can explain."

"Whatever," JJ replied noncommittally, and headed upstairs. He almost continued on to his own room instead, but then curiosity won out.

A few minutes later, the older man joined him outside, coming out of the house's side door so that he was at a distance. "Let's go for a walk."

They headed down the sidewalk, John making sure to maintain at least 10 feet between them. He nodded to himself and then called out to JJ, "When we met, you immediately hated me, right?"

JJ nodded. "So?"

"And now?"

JJ stopped and considered. A breeze blew from the side, bringing fresh early spring air with it. He took in a deep, cool breath. As he exhaled, he realized he didn't hate John anymore...but why?

John was breathing deeply of the fresh air as well. "Our pheromones are causing this, like two queen bees in the same hive. We can't be around each other or eventually we'll start fighting. 'There can be only one.'"

The way John said that last sentence, JJ wondered if it was from some old movie or TV show he didn't know. "Pheromones?" the boy asked.

"You been getting some extra attention from the ladies lately?" John leveled a piercing look at JJ. "It started for me when I was about 15."

JJ stared at him. He knew? How? Then he paused, thinking. His mother had told him that JJ stood for John Junior, and John did look familiar, kind of like JJ's own face in the mirror...

"Are...are you my dad?"

John scratched the back of his neck, looking uncomfortable. "Um...yeah. I'm sorry you had to find out like this, JJ. Please understand that I didn't even know you existed until a week or so ago, and I came right awa--"

Then JJ plowed into him, holding him fast in a strong hug.

"Don't breathe!" John advised as he did likewise. Then he hugged his son back.

Almost a minute passed before they ran out of breath and had to disengage. JJ took in his next lungful too close to John, and immediately the feeling of hatred washed over him again. He backed off and took several breaths of clean air. Yep, that helped. "This sucks! I can't be near my own father!"

"Gimme your phone number," John suggested. "I'll go get a phone and we'll talk that way from now on. I was gonna have to move on soon anyway, as your mom..." He realized what he was about to say and then stopped.

JJ considered. "Mom told Dad, um Aaron, that you were gay, but you and she must've had sex before I was born. So either you didn't know you were gay back then, or..."

"Um..."

JJ thought back to that morning, when his mother had kissed him on the mouth and said that he reminded her of his dad... "Shit! Are you fucking my mom again?!"

"Um..."

"You are!" JJ didn't know how he felt about that. On one hand, shouldn't his mother and father be together? But on the other hand, she was married to Aaron and they had Regan together! Aaron would kill John if he found out! "Yeah, you gotta go, John...er, Dad."

John smiled at his new title and nodded. "Okay, but first I have to tell you some things that I wished I had known when I was your age. First, your pheromones only affect women when they're fertile."

"Fertile? You mean..."

"Yeah...you have unprotected sex with them and they could end up pregnant."

JJ felt faint. He might have actually knocked up Sally, Marti and Gwen?

John continued, "Second, your sperm will make them orgasm HARD, whether swallowed or as God intended. It feels better for them if it's intercourse. Third, the longer those women smell you, the dumber they get and the more aggressive or suggestible they become."

JJ thought for a moment. Sally and Marti had been very forceful with him, but..."Suggestible?"

"You can convince them of practically anything once your stuff starts working on them, and you can usually tell when that happens because they start acting like they're drunk or drugged. Their pupils get all big. It seems to affect some women differently -- still not sure why -- maybe due to their personality, or how far along in their cycle they are. An hour in close contact with any fertile woman and she'll practically tear your clothes off, so if someone you don't find attractive is coming on to you, get the hell out of there. The effect goes away if they can't smell you anymore.

Third -- wait, no, fourth -- once they stop being fertile, they lose interest in you. You have to time it right and leave when they're still riding the high, or if you stick around too long, they may start to question what happened. They may even get mad."

JJ remembered how angry Sally had seemed when she "broke up" with him with a slap across his face. If his pheromones were affecting her the week before that, then that meant that she didn't trick him by taking his virginity and breaking his heart after all! He had actually had the upper hand the whole time, taking advantage of her with his scent!

And, he realized, he was okay with that. Sally had bullied him for years...she deserved some comeuppance. And maybe even next month too...and the month after that...

"You okay, JJ?"

JJ snapped out of his thoughts upon hearing John's -- his father's -- voice. "Yeah. This is...a lot to take in."

"I'll bet. Shall we head back now? I think it's pizza tonight."

---

That night, after everyone went to bed, JJ heard his mother slip out of her bedroom and head down to the basement. He knew what she was going to do, now that the facts had been explained to him. When he heard her come back upstairs an hour later, he opened his door to catch her in the hall.

"Mom?"

She had been reaching for her own bedroom door. "JJ! You scared the life out of me!" She was wearing a nightie that showed off her shapely legs.

He opened his door wider. "Can I talk to you?"

She nodded and followed him into his room. He was wearing only his boxers, so he climbed under the covers as she sat on his bed.

JJ wrinkled his nose. He could smell his dad's pheromones on her and got angry. "You're fucking him, huh?"

She gasped. "Shh! Language, JJ! You don't get to talk to me like that, young man. Also, it's none of your business what consenting adults do in their own home."

He sat up, getting closer to her. "But it's not HIS home, it's yours and Dad's -- um, Aaron's -- uh, I mean Dad's," he stammered as he tried to cover the slip.

His mother looked at him. "Did John tell you...?"

"Yeah, Mom, I know he's really my Dad. How could you do this to Aaron?" JJ's anger was rising due to John's scent on his mother. She shouldn't smell like him! he thought. He needed to get rid of that scent. He grabbed her shoulders.

"JJ?" his mother asked, confused.

He pulled her to him in a chaste, if close, hug, holding tight.

"Oh, this is nice..." she murmured, squeezing him back. JJ hadn't wanted hugs from her since he became a teenager, and she had missed it. Something seemed different to her, though.

JJ could still smell John, though it was fading. Then he felt something poking his chest and looked down to find his mother's hard nipples pushing out the front of her nightie. He hadn't realized how sheer the fabric was. He looked up into her eyes and found that her irises were dark and wide. Uh-oh...

"JJ..." she murmured, and moved to kiss him.

"Wah!" he cried out and rolled away. While his mother was a fine figure of a woman, she was his mother! "Um, Mom, go to bed, okay?"

"Oh...okay, JJ...good night. Love you!" She left.

JJ lay back down, but now he had a hard-on. He definitely didn't want to masturbate thinking about his mother! Then he had an idea. He pulled out his phone and texted Marti, *Hey u still up?*

A few seconds later he got the reply, *Yeah cant sleep*

*Can u slip out? Meet me at Ryder Park*

*Ok*

15 minutes later, he had the slim, auburn-haired Marti bent over a park bench, her colorful dress flipped up over her back as he sawed into her hot, wet pussy.

"Oh, JJ! You're so fucking amazing! Ohh, I'm cumminngg!" she cried out.

JJ managed to hold off his own orgasm while hers washed over her. Huffing, he pulled out and then sat on the bench, his hard cock still sticking out of his fly. She smoothed her skirt down and sat next to him.

"Thank you for inviting me out here, JJ," she said, taking hold of his arm as if they were on a date. "What made you want to see me again so soon?"

He thought about his mother, looking at him with lust, her hard nipples poking through her nightie, and shuddered. "I, uh...can't stop thinking about you."

She gave him a joking elbow to the side. "We're not going steady, dude. Keep it light, okay?"

"Okay."

She lay her head on his chest and breathed him in. "You didn't cum yet, right?" He shook his head, and she clambered into his lap, facing him. His cock was quickly inside her again.

As she bounced energetically on him, he pulled her dress's straps to the side and down, revealing her small breasts, and took one of her wide nipples into his mouth.

"Ah-hh!" she moaned. "Careful, they're sensitive..."

He pulled back and looked at the pretty girl as she rode him. He was going to cum soon. "Hey, Marti, did you bring a condom?"

She looked down at him with her blown-out irises. "Oh, no...forgot...uhh...umm..."

"So...is this a bad idea? Like, is this a bad time of the month?" He was very close now...

She blinked, finding it hard to concentrate, but she didn't slow her movements. "I...I dunno...you came in me earlier today...?"

JJ had given her a chance to stop this, but she was too far gone. Her movements pushed him over the edge and he cried out as he came.

"Ohh!" Marti gasped as she felt his first hot spurt of dangerous cum splash within her unprotected pussy, which set off her own orgasm as the chemical chain that began with her fertile time of the month hormones, continued with her mind being overwhelmed with his pheromones, and finally completed with his sperm being absorbed by her insides. She shook in pleasure, her spine ramrod straight as orgasm after orgasm rolled through her in time with his ejaculatory spasms.

Finally, she laid her head on his shoulder. "Oh...unhh...my fucking...God...how do you do that?"

"Genetics, I'm told," he replied. "Thanks, Marti...I needed that."

"Thank youuuu..." she moaned into his ear.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)