First Fellatio: The Naughty Little Girl (story codes: Mg, oral)

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

=============


"You're such a naughty little girl, aren't you?"

The little girl grinned and nodded, holding her skirt up over her panties. She loved the little game they played, she loved teasing him. It made her feel grown up and special.

"Why don't you take your skirt off, naughty girl?"

She gave him a pouty look, then unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the ground. She hooked her thumbs in the waistband of her panties and pulled them down, just a little bit. Just a little tease.

"You are such a naughty little girl!" he said, grinning.

She smiled at him, then climbed on the bed, lay down, and spread her legs like she knew he liked. He stood there and looked at her for a moment.

"Tell me you're a naughty little girl," he said.

"I'm a naughty little girl," she said, her voice soft and high-pitched.

"And what does a naughty little girl do?"

She grinned. "She lets a man look at her panties when he masturbates," she said. She lifted her legs up in the air and hooked her hands under her knees, spreading her legs wide, her little feet with their little frilly ankle socks held wide apart.

He unzipped his pants and took his penis out and began rubbing himself. He stared at her panties for a little while. They had a little cartoon character on their front.

Seeing that he was staring at her panties like this, the little girl took one hand away from under her knee and pulled her panties down, just a little bit, not enough that he could see anything. She knew he liked it when she pretended that she was going to pull her panties down.

"You like to tease me, don't you?"

She grinned and nodded. "I'm a naughty little tease."

"I think sometimes naughty girls shouldn't just tease. I think they should do more sometimes."

She pulled her panties down a little further, still not far enough for him to see anything.

"Do you think sometimes you should do more than just tease?" he asked, rubbing his cock in front of the little girl. 

The little girl looked at him with her big dark eyes. She pulled her panties down a little further, far enough now that she was showing him a little bit, just the very start of her little pussy.

"What do you think a naughty little girl should do, so she's not just a little tease?"

The little girl kept looking at him with her big dark eyes, not smiling at all now. She pulled her panties down even further, so that he could see all of her little pussy. She felt very grown up and excited, showing her whole pussy to him. She had never shown her pussy to him before. 

The man smiled as he stared at her little pussy. Her chubby little pubic mound was pale and bald, rising provocatively from her skinny belly, leading his gaze down to her virginal pussy lips. She had chubby little pussy lips, pale on the outside but reddish as they folded into her tiny little cleft. 

The girl's face was bright red, and the man stood and admired her for a moment. She was so beautiful, so young, so virginal. She had dark brown hair in a shoulder-length bob, large, piercingly dark eyes, dark pink lips that were pursed together, and soft, round cheeks.

"Take your panties off, naughty little girl," he said softly to her as he continued to stroke his cock.

She hesitated. He'd never asked her to take her panties off for him before.

"You're not just a tease today, right? Naughty little girls who aren't teases do what the man asks them to do."

The little girl pulled her panties down, because she's a naughty little girl who isn't a tease today. Then she spread her legs open again, her panties falling down to her frilly white ankle socks. She took one foot out of the panties, and they remained ringed around her other sock. 

It made her feel grown up, to take her panties off for him.

The man admired her little pussy now. He could see the wetness inside her, he could smell her sexual awakening, he was overcome with desire.

"Pull your shirt up now," he said as he stoked his cock in front of her, "so I can see your titties."

The little girl pulled her teeshirt up. She did not have any titties, hers hadn't started growing yet. Her nipples were light pink, adorable little things.

It made the little girl feel grown up, to show her titties to him.

He took his pants off and climbed onto the bed. He was on his knees between her wide-spread legs, his engorged penis sticking out above her. Her eyes were wide and dark, staring directly at his manhood.

"Touch my cock, naughty little girl."

She kept her eyes on his penis, still unsmiling. She'd never touched his cock before. But she kind of wanted to. She lifted her hands to his penis and begin a soft, gentle, tactile exploration. It felt hot, and hard.

"Do you like my cock, naughty little girl?"

She kept her eyes on his penis, touching it gently, reverentially. She nodded.

"Tell me," he said. "Tell me you like it. Tell me what you think of it."

"I like it," she said in her soft, quiet, high-pitched voice. "I like your cock, it's big, and hard."

"Do you want it inside you, naughty little girl?"

Her wide eyes were still staring at his penis, her hands still lightly touching it. But his question startled her, even if she didn't show it. He'd never asked to put it inside her before. 

"I don't think it will fit," the little girl said.

"But if I want to put it in you, you'll let me, right?"

She tore her eyes away from his penis and looked at him, concerned. "Do you want to put it in me?"

"Maybe. But that's not the point. You're a naughty little girl who isn't a tease today. Do you understand what that means?"

She kept her wide, frightened eyes locked with his. "I understand."

"Good. Now tell me, naughty little girl. If I want to put it in you, will you let me?"

"Yes. If you want to put it in me, I'll let you." Even though she didn't want him to put it in her, it made her feel good to say it. Grown up girls let men put their penises inside them, she knew that. It made her feel grown up to tell him he could do it if he wanted to.

He reached his hand out and gently, lovingly, brushed her cheek. "That's a good little girl," he said softly. "That's a good little sweetheart."

She smiled up at him, a small little smile.

"Now, tell me you want to touch my balls."

"I want to touch your balls," the little girl said. She really did want to touch his balls.

He lifted his shaft and presented his balls to her. She ran her cool little fingers delicately over his scrotum.

"Tell me you like my balls, naughty little girl."

The little girl stared at his balls. "I like your balls," she said.

"Tell me what you think of them."

She smiled her small little smile again, still staring at his balls. "They're very big, and hairy."

"Do you want their semen inside you, naughty little girl?"

She smiled again, keeping her eyes focused on his balls. "If you want to put their semen inside me, I'll let you." She felt so grown up when she said that.

"What if I want to do it in your mouth?"

She looked up at him with her wide dark eyes. "My mouth? You want to put your semen in my mouth?"

"What if I do?"

She locked her eyes with his. "If you want to put your semen in my mouth, I'll let you."

"Will you swallow it?"

"If you want me to swallow it, I will."

"Tell me you want to kiss my balls, naughty little girl," the man said to the little girl.

The little girl looked back down at his balls. His scrotum was red and wrinkled and hairy. She did not want to kiss them.

"I want to kiss your balls," she said, even though she didn't really want to, because she's a naughty little girl who isn't a tease today and she has to do what the man asks her to do.

He climbed up on her, straddling her chest. His big hairy balls were hanging right in front of her face. Then he settled them down on her mouth.

"Kiss them, naughty little girl," he said.

The little girl kissed his balls.

"Do you like how they taste?" he asked her.

She nodded. She was trying not to taste them, but she could smell them, they were right in front of her nose. They smelled musty and sweaty.

The man started stoking his cock again, his balls still pressed against her mouth. His cock looked so huge, right in front of her face. Huge and red and intimidating.

He lifted his balls off of her mouth and began rubbing them all over her face, her soft, beautiful, angelic face.

"Are you ready, naughty little girl?" he asked her.

She didn't know what he meant.

"Are you ready? Are you ready to take my come in your mouth?"

She looked up at his face, her dark eyes wide again. He's really going to put his semen in my mouth? She did not want him to.

But she nodded anyway.

"Open your mouth, naughty little girl," he said to her.

She opened her mouth.

"Wider," he said.

She opened her mouth as wide as she could.

He sat back and looked at her. She was such a beautiful little girl, so pure and virginal and perfect, her round little face red with sexual arousal. With her mouth wide open, waiting for him to come, she looked like a little whore.

"You are such a little whore," he said to the little girl.

She lay there underneath him with her mouth wide open, looking up at him with her wide, dark eyes.

"Remember that you have to swallow it," he said.

She nodded, her mouth wide open.

"Oh my god, you are such a fucking little whore!" he said, his legs shaking. And then he stuffed the big head of his big penis into the little girl's mouth.

Her little mouth was gloriously warm on his head, and wet, and silky; his orgasm was reaching its peak as he entered her, but for just a moment, his come had not erupted yet and he sat there, his legs shaking as his whole body was overwhelmed with sexual excitement and release. And then the first shot of his come surged, from deep inside his body, down his cock, and into her mouth.

The little girl's eyes went wide. His come hit hard into the back of her mouth, some of it even going down her throat, and it filled her mouth completely. It was thick and salty and warm.

He groaned, "Oh fuck," and another shot fired out of him.

She felt her mouth fill with even more of his semen, and all she could think was that she wanted to get away from him so that he didn't shoot any more of it into her mouth. But then she remembered that she was supposed to swallow it. She told him she would. So she just closed her eyes, kept her mouth open wide, and waited for him finish.

It seemed to him like he just kept pumping come into her mouth forever. She just lay there passively, her eyes closed, a grimace on her sweet little face.

Eventually it did end, but he left his head in her mouth for a little while longer, letting the final twitches of his cock expel the last few drops. Then he pulled out.

She had her eyes and her mouth closed tight. It tasted so bad, it made her want to throw up.

"Swallow it, naughty little girl," he said.

He watched her, with her eyes clenched tight, her angelic face contorted with revulsion. But after only a moment's hesitation, she swallowed.

The little girl almost threw up when she swallowed, but the feeling passed.

"There you go," the man said, rubbing his fingers gently through her hair. "There you go, my sweet little whore."

She smiled up at him. She was proud that she'd been able to swallow it. It made her feel very grown up. And as he climbed off the bed, she thought to herself, if he wants to put it inside me next time, I'll let him. Grown up girls let men put their penises inside them.


[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com. Also, visit my story site at www.asstr.org/~Chris_Hailey. Thanks!]
