A girl decides that her brother should date one of her friends.

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Losers, Chapter 1 (MF+, cons, interr, nosex, voy)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

This story takes place in the mid-1990's. That may not seem important right now, but it will.

The Losers...that's us: me (June Talbot), my girlfriends, and my brother. You know how every high school has groups? Sure you do...you've seen Mean Girls. Well, most people think that the nerds or the goths are the lowest of the low, but no...we Losers weren't gorgeously sexy, or smart, or even stylishly dark. We were what was left over once you took away all those natural groupings. We were awkward, weirdly shaped, and kinda dumb.

Roll call!

My oldest friend is Sue Liu, affectionately called Sulu, even though she's Chinese instead of Japanese like the helmsman of the Enterprise. She's cute, has a naturally fit body because she takes gymnastics, but is flat as a board.

Bella Smith is tall...like, taller than my Dad. I met her through Sue because they both took gymnastics, though once Bella had her big growth spurt a couple years ago she stopped going. She has long red hair and pale skin, but even though she's pretty, guys don't seem to like that she towers over them.

Larissa Paul is the latest addition to our group, joining at the start of the last school year. She's Native American, with straight dark shoulder-length hair. Not very pretty because of her acne, but holy hell, she has huge bazongas on a body that's only a little taller than Sue's.

My twin brother Roscoe and I are very similar, naturally: both with brown hair, about middling for height and build, though recently my ass has started to fill out. My brother has started to fill out as well, mostly in the chest, which brings me to the start of my story...

Oh, I also gotta do the legal thing: we all just turned 18 not long ago.

---

"Hey, June..."

I turned to see one of the popular 'barbies' approaching during lunch at school...you know them: bubble-bodied blonde bimbos? I didn't even know her name, and was surprised she knew mine.

"So, yeah..." she stopped and asked between chews of her gum, "is your brother seeing anyone?"

"Roscoe?"

"Yeah, your brother." She rolled her eyes.

Stupid bitch. Not only was I annoyed by her attitude, but I realized that I was feeling kinda proprietary about Roscoe. By that, I mean that he was just part of my 'posse', y'know? I realized that if he started dating, bitches like this one would be coming around to our house and messing up our group's vibe. That's why I said what I said next: "Yeah."

The barbie paused. "Yeah?"

"Yeah."

She gave me some side-eye. "Oh, okay." Then she sauntered away.

Once my girlfriends arrived at my table, I pulled them into a pow-wow. Oh, shit, I can't say that because Larissa's Native American, right? Um, I mean we put our heads together. I explained about the barbie, and that one of our group should become Roscoe's girlfriend, since I already said he had one.

"Really?" Larissa asked. I could tell that the voluptuous girl was thinking about it. We got Roscoe to give us all neck and shoulder rubs so we could relax after school and on the weekends, and he had gotten pretty good at it over the last couple years. I was pretty sure all three of them liked him.

"You think he'd go for it?" Sue asked.

I nodded. I'd seen the bulge in his pants when my friends would sigh during their massages, plus when they massaged him back.

"Which of us?" Bella asked. She seemed intrigued.

I was pretty sure that they had all noticed Roscoe's recent growth spurt, and his acne was almost cleared up, unlike Larissa's. They were on board. I couldn't answer Bella's question, though: who would become his girlfriend?

---

After school, I called Roscoe into my room. He cracked his knuckles, looking at the flawed but attractive women around him. "Who's first?"

"Actually, have a seat, Ros," I directed him, "we wanna talk to you about something."

He sat and looked at us.

Sue spoke up, "Actually, can he rub me while we talk?" Then the short girl sat on the bed, her back to him.

Roscoe dutifully turned and began rubbing her shoulders, though he made sure to keep his attention on all of us while he made Sulu sigh. I could see his member starting to make that familiar lump in his jeans.

We watched him use his magic hands for a bit, and then...

"You should go out with us," Bella blurted out.

"Go out? Where?" He moved his hands to Sue's neck and her head hung limply as a little drool escaped her mouth.

"Like a date," Larissa said, finally contributing to the conversation.

Roscoe moved his fingers down Sue's spinal column, his dextrous digits removing the day's stress from her body. "Durr..." she moaned.

He still looked confused. "With all of you?"

"One of us," I replied, then quickly amended, "Uh, them."

He switched to light karate chopping along Sue's back, making her continuous moan turn into a reverberating, "Hwabababababah..."

He glanced at each of us in turn. "So, I have to choose one of you to date?"

Not me, you idiot, I thought as his eyes locked with mine. "Yeah...surely you have a preference?" I asked him.

He finished up by rubbing his hands all along Sue's back, and then she flopped to the side, lost in blissful bonelessness. "I never really thought about it...and don't call me Shirley." He winked at me.

Ugh...why did Dad ever rent that movie? "Well, what do you like about us...uh, them?"

He sat back on his elbows, and I could see his penis tenting out his pants. He definitely liked Sue, or at least touching her body and hearing her moan. "You're all so different. I'm not going to compare you. Why do I have to choose, all of a sudden?"

I couldn't let him know that a barbie had been sniffing around, or else he'd be out of our group and joining the popular plastic people in a second! "Pow-wow?" I beckoned to the girls so they'd follow me into the hallway.

"Oh, wow, June," Larissa commented, crossing her arms under her prodigious chest.

"Ack! I'm sorry! I mean group meeting!"

The girls followed me into the hallway and we closed the door so that Roscoe couldn't hear. After a suggestion from Sue, and a, "WHAT!?" from Bella, followed by some more discussion, we filed back into my room.

Roscoe was laying back on the bed now, regarding us with confused interest.

Sue spoke up, since it was her idea. "We'll do sexy stuff with you if you're our boyfriend."

He sat up. "Sexy stuff? Like what?"

"Like..." Sue started to say, but stopped. "Um..."

None of us had ever had a boyfriend, let alone done sexy stuff with him. We had no idea.

Bella spoke up, "Well, that's what you'll find out. When you have a girlfriend, you start with kissing, and then move on to...other stuff, like..." She looked over at us for help.

Larissa added, "...touching boobs?"

"Yeah?" Roscoe looked contemplative, which for him seemed wrong. Or maybe he looked constipated...it seemed to be the same face. "But I still can't decide...you're all awesome and, um, sexy in your own way."

"Aww..." Larissa sighed. "Maybe you need to kiss all of us to help you decide?"

His eyes went big. "Yeah?" he repeated.

"Me first!" Larissa leapt onto the bed and clamped her lips to his. Roscoe was surprised, but lay back as the boobiferous teen lay atop him. The smacking sound of kisses was the only sound in the house, as the rest of us just stood there, dumbstruck. Soon, the dark-haired young woman was rubbing her jeans-covered crotch against his as they lip wrassled.

"My turn!" Sue cried out as she practically shoved Larissa off of Roscoe. The Asian beauty vaulted atop my brother and stuck her tongue down his throat. "Mmm!"

"Hmp." Larissa came around the bed to join the rest of us as we watched the small young woman French kiss my brother. As with Larissa, the couple soon started to dry hump against each other and it was hot as fuck.

"I wanted to be his first kiss," Bella said to Larissa with a frown.

Larissa blushed. "Sorry, but now you get to be fresh in his mind when he makes his decision."

The tall redhead considered. "Hm, yeah." She went over and lifted Sue off of Roscoe before replacing the small girl between his legs, her larger frame a startling contrast to the gymnast's tiny form.

Bella was just a bit too tall to line up her crotch with his to dry hump while kissing, so after a bit, she took his hand and placed it onto one of her t-shirt covered breasts. He immediately started to squeeze and caress it, and she gasped into his mouth at such intimate contact.

"Hey, no fair!" Larissa cried out.

Bella broke the kiss but didn't get off of Roscoe. "What, Larissa? You said yourself that the next step is touching boobs." She looked defiantly at the voluptuous young woman.

"Then it's my turn for that!" Larissa rushed forward, her arms shooing the tall girl away, and Bella rolled off of Roscoe. "Get a load of these, Ros! Uhm!" She grabbed his hands, placed them on her boobs through her t-shirt, and kissed him hard again.

I saw Roscoe trying in vain to encompass Larissa's mountainous mammaries with his hands. The best he could do was a section at a time: the underside to heft their prodigious weight, then the swell of them, near the front. He was just starting to touch her nipples through the fabric when Sue announced, "My turn!"

We all turned and looked at her, slim and diminutive, with no breasts at all, and she reddened. She was actually so flat that she didn't even need to wear a bra.

She covered her chest with her arms. "I mean, can I kiss him some more?"

Roscoe deftly slipped out from under Larissa and held his arms out to Sue. "C'mere."

She shyly got back onto the bed and he pulled her in for a hug and a kiss. Then he turned her around as if he was going to give her another massage. It was a massage all right, just not for her neck or shoulders. His hands went to her chest, right where her breasts would be if she had some, and she gasped as he started to massage her pectoral muscles.

"Ooh, that's...wow..." she moaned and leaned back into him. "Ahh!" she cried out as he found her nipples through the thin fabric of her shirt. "Ohh...they're usually really sensitive, but with someone else touching them...I never...ohh...ohhh!"

Roscoe quickly moved his hands under her t-shirt and placed his warm palms directly onto her chest.

She gasped again, her mouth open in pleasure, her eyes staring at nothing. As his fingers found her nipples again, she arched her back. "OHH! OHHH!" Her eyes crossed and her body shook, and I thought that she was having a seizure or something, but then her tongue lolled out and she made a continuous, "Uhhuhhuhhhuuuhh!" sound under the onslaught of my brother's fingers. After a few seconds, she collapsed back against him.

He moved out of the way and let her lie back on the bed. "Sue?"

She was still shaking every few seconds, her eyes fluttering. I still wasn't convinced it wasn't epilepsy, but the only other possibility was...

"She orgasmed from him touching her nipples?" Larissa asked, her eyes wide.

"What's an orgasm?"

As one, Larissa and I turned to look at Bella.

I blinked at her. "What do you mean, what's an orgasm?"

She shrugged. "I know organism, from Biology, but that's not it, right?"

"Women have orgasms?"

Now we looked at Roscoe. "Yes, bro, we have orgasms." He looked back at me, wide-eyed, and I realized that his brain was now trying to picture me crying out in pleasure like Sue just had, and I blushed. I turned back to Bella and pointed at Sue. "THAT was an orgasm. It's pleasure that makes you feel like your entire body is going to explode, and...well, then it does, inside."

The tall girl looked down at Sue. "I want one of those!"

"Kids! We're home!"

"Shit!" both Roscoe and I said as one.

I pointed at Sue. "Wake her up, quick!"

Roscoe patted Sue on the cheek a little, and she came around with a blissful smile on her face. "That was soooo good, Ros."

She tried to kiss him again, but he instead sat her up and got off of the bed. "I'm gonna..." He quickly exited my room, and I heard his bedroom door close a moment later.

A minute or so after that, my Mom poked her head into the room. "Hey, gang...how many of you are staying for dinner?"

"I...gotta get home..." Bella said, and sidled past my mother, followed quickly by Larissa. Mom had to make way for the voluptuous girl's chest.

Mom furrowed her brow as she saw Sue still sitting on the bed. "Hm, about time to get a bra, Sue honey. You eating with us?"

I looked over at Sue's chest. Her hard nipples were poking out her t-shirt!

She gasped and covered them with her arms. "No, thank you! I should get home too..." Then she awkwardly made her way out, mortified.

---

After dinner, I went to Roscoe's room. "So that was a crazy afternoon," he said when he saw me in his doorway.

I was suddenly nervous. "So have you made a decision?"

He gave me a grin. "Can I just date all of them?"

I put my hands on my hips. "No, you idiot! This isn't The Arabian Nights; you don't get a harem of women."

He looked disappointed. "Well, then I need some more 'testing' to see. Close the door, willya?"

I stepped in and closed the door behind me, and then turned to find Roscoe pulling his pants off, his back to me.

I blinked. "...the fuck?!"

He turned, and my eyes had no choice but to zero in on the bulge in his underwear.

He quickly covered up. "No, I meant get out and close the door, idiot."

Oh...I did so.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)