https://www.patreon.com/jamesmarcus

Chapter 8 Seduction

Adam sat on the couch holding Tracy in his lap as he ran his fingers through her hair. He looked up at Mrellia with a slight frown. Now what?
	
Mrellia sat next to the two. Well, I am a little concerned; you were able to affect her way too easily. It should have taken a lot more effort for you to manipulate her in the way you did. Lets take a look at her desires, her inner self, she said in his mind.
      
Adam looked down at the Tracy happily sleeping in his lap. But would not what we did to her have changed that?

Not the deep rooted desires, the stuff buried in her subconscious.

Mrellia and Adam scanned through the layers of conditioning that had settled on her mind. The initial programming that Adam had done had grown over the last half hour. Her mind had adapted to it and had created its own influences and interpretations to the conditioning, causing her to become more and more his slave. This saddened Adam and he instinctively attempted to repair and remove the conditioning, however Mrellia intercepted his actions. No Adam, you cannot, this is part of your training, and we need to track how your influences will affect her mind. I assure you that it will be undone once your training is completed.

They then dug deeper into her mind, into the subconscious and into the deeper desires that are rooted in her psyche. There was already evidence of his conditioning attempting to make changes at this level but so far it has not succeeded. As they scanned her subconscious mind, what they found there surprised Adam; she had a deep need for a male father figure, for a strong male influence in her life. She also had recently come across stories and anime dealing with mind control by dominant male figures. This exposure to mind control and her desire for a strong male authority figure in her life had begun to influence her subconscious mind and formed a desire to be dominated and even controlled; it had formed a submissive tendency in her. I guess that explains the ease in which her mind accepted your influence, she wanted it, even desired it and so when it was introduced to her mind she did not find the concept to be alien. Mrellia whispered as she stroked the girls hair.

Adam looked down at her, she was very pretty, young but very pretty. He adjusted her in his lap and as he did so her eyes fluttered open and she smiled at Adam. Hello Master, I am sorry, did I fall asleep?

Adam smiled at her as he brushed her hair from her eyes. Its ok sweetie, you have been through a lot this morning, however I think you need to get going soon or people might get concerned about why you are hanging out inside my house for so long.

She sat up in his lap and wrapped her arms around his neck. Its ok master, this would not be the first time that it took a while to set someone up with an order for a newspaper, besides your wife is here so it is not like we are alone.

Adam gently stroked the back of his hand along her cheek as she leaned into his touch. As he stared into her pretty blue eyes he felt his lips being drawn to hers, and then they were kissing. His mouth opened as their lips meet and his tongue gently liked along her lips. Her mouth opened slightly and allowed him entrance. As their tongues danced together, his with experience, hers with inexperienced excitement, Adam savored the slight bubblegum flavor of her mouth and the softness of her lips. His hand slid from her face down her body to cup her budding breast. His fingers gently caressed her breast and a moan escaped her lips, Adam could feel the softness of her breast as well as the training bra that covered it.

He realized what he was doing and he quickly broke the kiss and removed his hand from her breast. I am sorry; I should not have done that. He whispered as he looked down with his eyes closed.

She leaned into him attempting to continue the kiss as Adam pulled away. Its your right master, I am your servant, its your right to use me however you wish. She whispered a hint of arousal in her voice.

Adam lifted her off of his lap and quickly adjusted the erection in his pants as he rose from the couch. Lets finish the order for newspaper delivery and then get you on your way. He said as he picked up the paperwork and walked towards the dining room.

He set the form on the table, took a seat in one of the chairs and began to fill in the form. She walked up next to him standing very close as she watched him. Occasionally her breast would brush against his arm and the hairs on the back of his neck would rise slightly. Subconsciously Adam lowered his left arm from the desk and gently stroked his fingers along her leg. As soon as he realized what he was doing he raised it to the table. Once he finished filling in the form he handed it to her along with his check and then escorted her to the door. I will talk with you later, ok, please dont tell anyone else about this. He said as he opened the front door, his hand lowering to gently cup her young ass as he pushed her towards the doorway.

I wont master, Ill keep your secret, please call me soon. I left my cell phone number on the service card on your coffee table. She replied before quickly kissing him on the lips and heading out the door.

Adam watched her head down the front walk, shouldering her bag as she went. He could not help but admire her ass and lewd thoughts filled his mind for a second. His thoughts were interrupted by Mrellia. You are definitely changing, sir. First you were reluctant to even kiss the sixteen year old, then there was thirteen year old Ginger, and now you are making out with an eleven year old girl whom you have made into your slave and who very much wants to be your love slave.

Adam turned from the doorway as it closed and glared at Mrellia. She is too young; I should not have taken the liberties I did, he growled. As I asked earlier, what next?

Mrellia crossed her arms over her chest and looked up at Adams scowling face. Actually that is up to you, you know your mission, how you choose to carry it out is up to you; however you have passed your first test.

My first test? He asked as he continued to glare down at Mrellia.

Yes sir, the fates decided that before releasing you to perform your mission and training they wanted to test if you would obey orders when needed to, even if they were reprehensible to you. You passed.

Yeah, happy me, he replied with a scowl. So its up to me how I conduct the mission and grant the people of this neighborhood their desires.

Yes, it is up to you; however you still must obey the ground rules. One, you have to give them all their desires and two, you have to seduce and have sex with all of the females. She replied with a grin.

That is the part I do not understand, why are they forcing me to have sexual relations with them all?

Because you need to let go of your taboos on sex and let go of your feelings for these people as your equals. These morals you are holding onto are an aspect of being mortal. You are no longer fully human, you are more, and you are no longer mortal. The taboos that you are holding so tightly to no longer apply to you and may be used against you by the enemies you will and have already made. That is how the person who attacked Jen and Ginger was able to use them against you, they worked on your concern for them as people and if you had not overcome your taboo against doing sexual things with them they would have died. Without these ties your enemies would not have been able to attack you, as your concern for them would not have been a factor. Mrellia said with an exasperated sigh. Do you see the fates showing much concern for the individual happenings of people other than those they need to for their duties? Have you seen me, Miranda or Illisis? No, because we do not view mortals in that light. Dont get me wrong, we are not evil heartless creatures who torment mortals for our pleasure, but in the course of our duties mortals die, or horrible things happen to them. If we looked at them as individuals and applied the morals you do to them we would never get our missions done.

But why sex? Adam asked as he began to pace in the hall. Of all things why must I engage in sex with them?

Because that is your biggest block, you are reluctant to have sex with anyone. Also there is the fact that you took on the powers of a spirit of desire and the biggest influence of a spirit of desire is sex. Your abilities, including those of a fateless, will be tainted by this, they are already morphing and new powers are developing that the Fates did not expect. Mrellia said with a wink and a grin. Like it or not you are becoming an aspect of sex, and dominance. I would not be surprised if your powers morphed to primarily center around the controlling of others and their sexual desires exclusively.

Adam shuddered at the image that filled his mind, an image of him standing in the center of a pile of naked women and girls, all of whom were kneeling at his feet begging him to fuck them, to use them. Mrellia stood in front of him a grin on her face as her clothes slowly faded away. Well sir, it looks like you are in need of some assistance, she said as she knelt at his feet and unbuckled his belt.

Adam started to brush her away from his cock, however as soon as her fingers touched his cock his resistance began to weaken. All thoughts of stopping her fled his mind as her mouth engulfed his cock. He leaned against the wall and enjoyed the sensations of her experienced mouth and tongue on his cock. As she continued to suck on him, her body slowly began to morph and change until she was an exact copy of the Tracy. The sight of the Tracy sucking his cock, even though he knew she was Mrellia, was too much for his lust clouded mind and he filled her mouth with his cum. Mrellia swallowed his seed wanton abandonment. Oh, yes, I am beginning to like the taste of your cock and cum way too much, I have a feeling it wont be long before I am your love slave. She purred as she pulled her mouth of his cock and began to lick it clean.

Adam missed her last comment as he lay against the wall using it for support as he savored the feel of her tongue cleaning his cock.

As she finished cleaning his cock, Mrellia, still in the Tracys form, gently placed it back in his pants and rose from the floor. Adam stared down at her and admired the body she had taken and then headed out the front door. I think I need to start, the sooner I can get this over with the sooner I can go home and get back to my life.

Mrellia frowned as she returned to her normal form and followed Adam. As they walked out the door she turned invisible and watched him from a discreet distance as Adam looked around the neighborhood and his eyes fell on his neighbor, Ms. Wilson, as she pruned the bushed between their two yards. Adam approached the young woman with a smile. Hello, I dont believe we have been introduced, I am Adam Hunter, and my wife Mary and I recently moved in next door.

Ms. Wilson stood and smiled as she shook Adams hand. Hello, nice to meet you,.Jessica, Jessica Wilson. Welcome to the neighborhood. I hope I can meet your wife soon. Her name was Mary, right? She replied. The two of you really should come over for dinner some time. Unfortunately, Hank, my husband is away on a trip for the next few days.

As they shook hands Adam began to read Jessica. On the surface she was a happy woman who desired a happy marriage and a few children. She also wanted to be a good neighbor and to get to know everyone who lived around her. They moved here a little less than a year ago, shortly after they were married and the house was inherited from Hanks Grandmother. They had not had many opportunities to get to know their neighbors as Hank had received a promotion with her fathers trucking company shortly after they moved in that kept him away from home on business trips more often than not. As Adam scanned deeper he found she had a desire for a strong marriage and loved Hank very much, but she was also very alone and horny. She wanted to be loved and appreciated as a beautiful woman and needed to be made love to very badly. Hank was so tired when he was home that he barley acknowledged her other than to say good morning and good evening and they have not had sex in over six months. He also felt her attraction to him. 

She was a very beautiful woman in her early twenties, with long red hair and emerald green eyes; she was fit and trim with an ample bosom. The heat of the day had caused her sweat to soak into her light sundress and it clung tightly to her body, almost transparent in some areas. Her flesh glistened as drops of sweat dripped down her chest and into her exposed cleavage. He could feel his aura affecting her as she slowly found him more and more attractive.

As Adam engaged her in small talk and general conversation, with assistance from his probes of her thoughts and prodding from Mrellia on how to steer the conversation. He slowly opened the flow of his aura into her causing her arousal in his presence and her attraction to him. It was not long before she was unbuttoning several buttons, exposing more of her ample cleavage to his view in the guise of relieving herself from the heat of the afternoon sun. She then leaned forward to clip at a few stray branches on the bush in front of them. This, in effect, allowed Adam to see down her blouse and exposed her breasts to his view and admiration. Oh my, it is sure getting hot, would you care to come inside for some fresh lemonade or sweet tea? She asked as she wiped sweat from her brow and fanned the front of her dress, again revealing her breasts to his view.

Thank you for the offer, but I think I should head back inside. I work from home and have some things I need to take care of before lunch. Mary should be home soon and I am sure she would love to have you over for dinner, I will discuss it with her and come by later on tonight, he replied with a knowing grin. He was amazed at how easy it was becoming for him to flirt and seduce women. Adam was sure that even without using the power he would be more successful than not.

Jessica looked a little disappointed, but recovered quickly. Ok, that would be nice; I would like to meet your wife. I need to get out of this sun, so Ill talk with you later then. She replied with a slight frown.

No worries, I will ask Mary about it as soon as she gets home from shopping, maybe in an hour or so. I would be a shame for a woman as beautiful as you to sit home alone. Adam said as he lightly rubbed the fingers of his right hand along her left arm.

He could feel the goose bumps on rise on her arm as he touched her and his own cock beginning to rise in arousal at the contact. Jessica blushed and rocked her shoulders slightly back and forth in embarrassment. You are so sweet, but you should not be saying such things about a married woman, she replied as a she stared into his eyes and bit her lower lip.

Adam smiled and removed his fingers from her arm. Oh, there is no harm in admiring a beautiful woman and letting her know she is beautiful. He said as he offered his hand. It was nice meeting you Jessica and I hope to see much more of you soon.

Jessica blushed even deeper as she shook Adams hand. It was nice meeting you too, and I am sure you will.

Adam walked away his cock rock hard in his pants as Mrellia berated him in his head. Why are you stopping? You had her; she is dripping in anticipation of your touch. She invited you inside so she could fuck your brains out.

It is better to leave them in anticipation, besides; her main desire is not for sex but for a happy marriage. I cannot give her that if she is only thinking of me as her main sexual partner, or worse, falls in love with me and out of love with her husband. He replied as his placed his hand in his pockets and started whistling to himself. Dont get me wrong, I fully intend to fuck her, she is too hot to pass up and Hank is an idiot to ignore her to the point where she is willing to throw herself at me. It was too easy to push her that way; she needs it way too badly. A little nudge to her desire for sex and a little flow from the aura and she was ready to go. I need to work on Hank though to figure out why he is ignoring her for work. I will go talk to her in an hour or so and invite her to dinner. We will have a nice dinner tonight and when Hank comes home Ill invite them both over, what I find in him will determine how soon I fuck her.

Mrellia became visible as they entered the house and leaned against Adam. Oh my god she was dripping with desire. I cannot see how you were able to resist it, she needs to be fucked so badly and her body is made for fucking. I was drooling from my mouth and my cunt as soon as I saw her and that last part about seeing more of her, I almost came right then, she whispered into Adams ear with an aroused purr. I know what we can do for the next hour, take me to our room love and fuck my brains out.

Adam gave an evil grin as he scooped Mrellia into his arms and carried her up the stairs to their room. He tossed her onto the bed and her clothes faded from existence. I need to learn that trick, he said as the quickly removed his own clothes.

It is an easy trick to learn, as is this one, she replied as he climbed into the bed. Mrellia then used her abilities to clean all the dirt and sweat from her body, leaving herself fresh and clean. 

Adam spread her legs and buried his face into her hot dripping pussy, savoring the taste of her juices. He loved her taste, he loved the taste of all three of the spirits he had made love to, but Mrellia had a very unique and delicious flavor. He had asked her about it before and was told it is a flavor unique to all spirits of desire, as creatures of sex they always taste delicious to whoever enjoys them. In most cases the juices and flavor were addictive and if an individual enjoyed them too often they eventually became the love slave of the spirit. However Adam being a higher level spirit had nothing to worry about. He enjoyed her cunt with his finger and tongue working her inner labia, mons and clit until she had two separate orgasms. Please Adam, no more, please just fuck me, and pound my cunt into oblivion, she screamed with her second orgasm.

Adam slowly climbed up her body, licking along her stomach and stopping to give her belly button some special attention before moving onto her breasts and nipples. He gently sucked first one breast and then the other into his mouth, gripping the nipple with his teeth and stimulating it with his tongue, then licking up her neck to nibble on each earlobe and finally stopping at her mouth as he French kissed her. Her hips rocked in desire searching for his cock as he made his way up her body, moans of frustration and desire came from her lips until he silenced her with the kiss. As they kissed Mrellia grabbed his cock with her hand and guided it to where she wanted it, where it belonged. 

As soon as Adam felt the head of his cock touch the lips of her pussy, he pushed it into her dripping pussy with a groan of lust and pleasure. Mrellia moaned through the kiss as she felt his cock slide into her and fill her pussy to capacity. Despite the wetness of her pussy, Adam was again surprised at the tightness. It was the tightest pussy he had ever fucked, as tight as it was the first time. He gave a moan of pleasure with each trust into her cunt, as Mrellia screamed her pleasure for the entire world to hear. Fates, yes, fuck me fill my cunt, fuck my pussy, fuck me, fuck me.

Adam continued to thrust his cock into her, pounding into her with all his strength. They were both lost in their own pleasure with little to no care for the others enjoyment. Thanks to the blowjob from Mrellia earlier he was able to last considerably longer than normal as he fucked his cock into her unbelievably tight snatch. However, thoughts of the blowjob brought images of the little girl and Jessica to mind and thoughts of eventually fucking them, especially his smoking hot neighbor Jessica brought him to his final climax as he thrust deep into her and filled her womb with his seed.

As his climax subsided Adam rolled over off of Mrellia, exhausted and spent. Mrellia followed his movements so that she rolled on top of him keeping his shrinking cock buried in her. I need more, Fates that was awesome but I need more. She said as she worked her cunt muscles, stimulating his cock back into hardness once more. 

Once his cock was hard again, she leaned forward with her face inches from his and lifted her pussy almost all the way off his shaft. Then she thrust back down, once again filling herself with his cock. She rode him like that through three more of her own orgasms and two of his. After over an hour of constant sex she finally rolled off his cock, exhausted, as his seed dripped from her well fuck cunt. As they lay there Adam felt a tug at his string of fate and decided not to impregnate her this time. He started chuckling when he thought of how much cum she was filled with. If it was not for his ability there is no way he could not have impregnated her.
      
      
After cleaning up and a little fun in the shower, Mrellia showed Adam the trick on putting on and taking off clothes without actually dressing, and even how to clean yourself without showering. It does not work for sexual fluids though as the trick is part of being a Spirit of Desire and sex is part of what we do, she said as she slapped his ass and headed out of the bathroom completely naked.
      
Adam formed clothes around his body and headed over to Jessicas house. The door opened before he even knocked and Jessica stood in the doorway wearing a very light almost see-through white sundress the displayed a little more cleavage than the previous one and based on the shadows through the dress not much else. Welcome back Adam, so what did Mary say about dinner?
      
Adam walked up to the porch and gave Jessica a familiar hug. The woman melted into his arms as his hands played down her back to the base of her ass. She said she would love to have you over for dinner and that I should come over here and keep you company until then. Dinner should be ready in about thirty minutes. He replied as he pulled back from the hug, leaving his right hand on her left arm.
      
Jessica reached up and grasped his hand and practically pulled him into the house. Well then, come inside and Ill give you a tour of the house. She pulled him up to her and closed the door behind them.
      
When she pulled him to her she released his hand and wrapped her arms around him and pressed her lips to his. They exchanged kisses for a few seconds before Jessica lowered her hand to Adams ass and pulled his hardening crotch against hers. Adam could feel the heat coming from her crotch through the fabric of the dress and as his hands drifted down to caress her ass he was able to confirm his suspicions that she was not wearing any underwear. When the kiss broke Jessica stared into Adams eyes as his hands fondled and caressed her tight ass. Oh wow, I am so sorry, we should not be doing this; Im a married woman. She whispered as she removed her own hands from his ass and backed away from him, her checks turning flush as she blushed. I am sorry, I have no idea what has come over me.
      
Adam stepped forward and placed his hands once again on her ass and pulled her into him. Youre right, we should not be doing this, but it is obvious you need it. Your husband is a fool to leave such a beautiful sexual woman alone for so long. I would never have let you go week without filling you with my hard cock. He said as she moaned and leaned her head against his chest.
      
What about your wife? she asked
      
Adam slid his hands up and began to massage the tense muscles of her lower back. We have an open relationship and she would agree with me, no woman should be left to suffer with her desire as you have. Once I explained what you were going through she practically pushed me out the door.
      
Jessica continued to hug Adam tightly as she enjoyed the attention he was giving her back. You must think me a shameless hussy, throwing myself at you like this. I have never done this before and until I met you and I never thought of cheating on Hank before. She whispered as tears fell from her eyes.
       
Adam lifter her chin to look up at him and gave her a gentle smile. I dont think youre a hussy, I think youre a beautiful lonely woman who has needs that are not being met by her husband.
      
Are we going to have sex? She asked as she gazed into his eyes.
      
Not now, its not time, but I am sure if things continue as they are, if your husband does not change his ways, then in the near future we will be together naked on a bed fucking like rabbits and I eagerly await that day. He said as he gently kissed her lips and his hands slid down once more to cup her soft tight ass.
      
As they broke the kiss Jessica hugged Adam closely to her and whispered into his chest. I hope that day comes soon.

https://www.patreon.com/jamesmarcus