College student Del is attracted to his landlady.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Nancy, Chapter 1 (M-solo, nosex, voy)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Delmar woke up to the sound of a woman crying. The 19-year-old pulled on a robe and headed up the stairs, out of his basement suite and into the house proper. He quickly zeroed in on the source of the crying, the shadowy form of his landlady sitting on the living room couch, her head in her hands.

"Nancy?" he called out softly to her, trying not to startle her.

"Oh!" she whirled. "Del! Did I wake you? I'm so sorry!"

Del stopped as he spied the curve of the older woman's bountiful cleavage peeking out from her robe as she turned toward him. It was a struggle, but he brought his gaze up to meet her beautiful brown eyes. "It's okay...are you alright?" he asked her.

She wiped tears from her gorgeous face, framed by her thick, shoulder-length auburn hair. "I've...been better. It's nothing for you to worry about, okay? I'll keep it down."

"Okay..." Del retreated back to the door leading to the basement as she gave a final sniff and stood up from the couch, the street light streaming in through the window framing her figure for a moment. He gulped as he saw the silhouette of her shapely bare legs under her short robe. "G'nite," he called out to her.

"Sweet dreams," she replied.

Back in his bed, Del thought about Nancy. She wasn't his aunt, but close...she was actually the younger sister of his mother's best friend growing up. She had even babysat him a few times before she left home. When Del informed his parents that he was going to state college, his mother called Nancy, who she knew actually lived near the campus. After some catching up and finagling about money, Del was set up in Nancy and her husband's furnished basement suite.

When he met Nancy again as he moved in, he was taken aback at how sexy the now thirtysomething woman was. She had left town when he was just 6, so he barely remembered her, but she remembered him, and welcomed him like a surrogate mother. His face had reddened from the feel of her curvaceous body hugging him, and then he had made the acquaintance of Michael, Nancy's husband. The man, a little older than Nancy, was about Del's height, a bit overweight, with dark hair and a trimmed beard. He seemed friendly enough.

Del had settled into the spacious bedroom suite, and his landlords frequently invited him to join them for meals, allowing the grateful college student to save money that he would normally have spent on fast food. A few weeks had passed since he had moved in, and he was getting comfortable in his new normal.

Del wished Nancy would hug him again. He thought about her warm, curvy body, barely hidden in her robe, pressed against him, the heady smell of her floral perfume setting his libido on fire, and he stroked himself to orgasm. Sleep came easily after that. Sweet dreams indeed, he thought.

---

"Hey, Del, right?"

Del looked up. Standing next to his table was a cute, smiling girl his age, with shoulder-length platinum blonde hair, wearing jeans and a t-shirt that were a little bit too large for her average frame.

"Um, yeah...do I know you?" He looked around the campus cafeteria, wondering if someone was playing a prank on him. Cute girls didn't normally just walk up and start conversations with him.

She tucked some of her hair behind one ear. "Oh! Um, yeah, I'm Melanie...we went to high school together." At his blank look, she continued, "We had like three classes together last year...I sat behind you in English?"

Del struggled to remember her. A zitty, overweight dishwater blonde girl with glasses had sat behind him in that class...

"Um...um...I lost some weight, got my eyes lasered, and colored my hair." She looked really uncomfortable now.

"Oh!" he said, realizing. "I'm sorry...yeah, you should probably have led with that." Her skin had also cleared up, he noted. "Uh...how are you?"

Her smile back on her face, she sat next to him. "Doing good! Did you take English Lit this semester? Your story projects in class were always interesting."

His face flushed. "Really? Thanks. Yeah, English Lit, Creative Writing, all those...hopefully I'll make a living as a writer one day."

"Oh, that's awesome! I'm sure you'll do well," she gushed. "I remember that ghost story you told the class...gave me frickin' nightmares for days! Um, I'm in the nurse program, so our classes don't overlap."

"Huh."

"Yeah." The conversation had stalled spectacularly, and she looked uncomfortable again. "I...guess I'll see you around?" She got to her feet, gave him a brief, uncomfortable smile, and shuffled away.

"Sure," he called after her with a wave.

A few minutes later, he got a notification through his phone that Melanie wanted to be his friend. Shrugging, he approved it. Can't have too many friends, he figured.

---

"I'll be working over in Greenville for a few weeks, to keep an eye on the contractors," Michael told Nancy and Del at dinner that night. "They're putting me up in a hotel for the duration so I don't have to get stuck in traffic for hours going back and forth."

Nancy stopped with her fork halfway to her mouth. "Oh," she said, "when does that start?"

"Monday."

It was Friday night.

---

That night, Del was again woken up by Nancy's sobbing, and he donned his robe and headed up. "Will you tell me what's wrong?" he asked as he sat next to her on the couch.

She looked at him with red but still beautiful eyes. "Your Mom is really lucky, Del, to have a son who's so smart, kind, hand--" She stopped and dropped her eyes to her lap. "Um, handy."

He quirked her a smile. "Handy? Do you need me to fix a cabinet, or plug a leak?"

She gasped, and he realized how lewd that last suggestion could be interpreted. "Um, I mean..."

"It's okay, Del," she said, and put her hand on his shoulder. "You're such a good boy."

Del was very aware that a sexy older woman was touching him. He was determined not to make a big deal about it. He also didn't want her to take her hand away.

She paused for a moment before she gave his shoulder a squeeze and stood up from the couch. He stood up as well, an automatic reflex his father had drilled into him, and she impulsively pulled him into a hug.

"Thank you for checking on me," she breathed into his ear. He nodded, his hands moving to circle around her, but then she pulled away and headed back to her bed.

Del found himself standing there with his hard-on tenting out his robe, and wondered how long it had been like that. He hoped that Nancy hadn't seen it! He went back to his own bed to take care of the awoken beast, this time being able to vividly recall Nancy's scent and the feel of her shapely body pressed against him, as it had just happened. Soon, his cum shot up and splashed back down upon his chest.

---

Del's Saturday was taken up entirely by homework assignments. Taking a break, he posted a limerick to his friend feed:

This homework brings me no joy,
My brain it tries to destroy,
I've come here to say,
All work and no play,
Makes Del a very dull boy.

Then he got back to work. Within a few minutes he got a notification that Melanie had commented, and grimaced as she once again gushed at his talent with words. Well, it was nice to be appreciated, he decided, and gave her comment a thumbs-up.

That night, after dinner, he was up late finishing his English Lit paper and headed upstairs to get some cold water from the fridge. He could have poured himself some from his bathroom faucet, but he had been spoiled by his hosts' water filter.

As he entered the living room, the kitchen light came on and he heard a light footfall on the adjoining room's stone floor. Nancy! He was about to call out to her when he saw that she was only wearing a short, sheer nightie instead of her robe. He froze instead, knowing that she would be very embarrassed to be caught by her renter in just her negligee!

She opened the fridge, bent over, and rummaged through the fridge, giving Del a fantastic view of her rounded ass, barely covered by pink bikini-style panties. His mouth went dry and he stepped back around the corner so that she wouldn't see him if she turned, though he made sure that he still had a good view of her sexy body. She pulled something out of a drawer and headed to the sink. He pulled back a bit more into the shadows of the living room as she washed...he craned his neck to see...a zucchini?

He was confused, and even more so when she held the vegetable to her chest with a sigh. She didn't go to the cutting board, nor pull out a pan to cook the gourd. Why was she...?

Then she moved the vegetable down, between her legs.

He gasped. No, she wouldn't...

"Hello?" she called out, turning.

Del pulled back and rushed as fast and as quietly as he could across the dark, carpeted living room back to his basement door, slipping through it and down the stairs. He had to leave the door slightly ajar, realizing that the sound of it closing would clue her in on his voyeurism, unintentional as it had started.

Safely back in his suite, he let his breath go; he hadn't even realized that he'd been holding it. His cock was incredibly hard, thinking about Nancy warming that thick vegetable up between her bountiful breasts before using it to pleasure herself. He grabbed his tissue box and furiously whacked off, moaning and cumming into some tissues after less than 30 seconds.

Feeling tired post-orgasm, Del quickly brushed his teeth and went to bed.

---

Del slept in on Sunday and then played some video games. Nancy and Michael went out for dinner, so he ordered in. He actually felt a bit disappointed that Nancy didn't come downstairs that night, but was also glad that she wasn't sad enough to do so.

---

On Monday, after breakfast, Michael gave Nancy a kiss and left on his extended assignment. Del suspected that Nancy's husband was the cause of her tears, so he wasn't going to miss him.

Melanie joined Del for lunch, the platinum blonde eating her salad and talking about how she was always hungry since losing the weight. "But it's totally worth it, right, Del?" She lifted her arms up and thrust out her chest. Del noticed that she was wearing a more form-fitting top that day, which showed off her new hourglass figure, and he nodded, though he noted that her 19-year-old curves had nothing on Nancy's.

---

That night, after playing some video games, Del noted that the light upstairs was still on and went up. The living room was lit up but nobody seemed to be there. He went to turn the light off, but then noticed Nancy sleeping on the couch. He also saw that her gown had opened, showing off one gorgeous, naked breast and the inner thigh of one shapely leg.

He froze and stared. After a few seconds he shifted closer, making sure not to make any noise as he leaned over to examine that glorious boob. It was round, firm-looking, with a darker pink areola surrounding a poky nipple, probably hard from the cool night air. His eyes shifted down to the thigh of her smooth-shaven legs, the ivory whiteness of her skin enticing him. He felt his hard cock pressing insistently into the restrictive fabric of his jeans.

"Nancy?" he whispered softly. He was taking a chance...if she woke up, then she would get upset about her state of undress, but he wanted to get closer, so he had to make sure that she was soundly asleep. After no response, he spoke her name louder...still nothing. Finally, he took a breath and spoke aloud, "Nancy," and waited, holding his breath.

She continued to sleep. Emboldened, Del knelt down beside her to examine that amazing breast. This close, he could make out small bumps in her areola around the nipple, and the slight depression in the middle of the prominence. That's where milk would come out, he told himself, and his cock gave a twitch of acknowledgment.

He wanted to suck on that wonderful looking mammary, but with her asleep, that felt wrong to him. Plus, if he touched her and she woke up, he would be in real trouble. He moved his face further down her body to her thighs. Keeping his eyes on her face, he very carefully lifted her robe aside to reveal her panties. That night she had worn translucent black mesh ones that hinted at her trimmed pussy hair. This close, he breathed in her musky aroma. He had heard that pussy smelled like fish, but this was nothing like that.

His cock was actually starting to hurt. He raised himself back up, considered for a few seconds as he continued gazing down upon Nancy's half-naked form, and then unzipped, allowing his erection to breathe. He stepped back a bit, which would allow him to quickly sidestep around the couch if Nancy started to wake up, and started to slowly wank, the scent of her pussy fresh in his mind.

He imagined himself taking that glorious boob into his mouth and suckling on it as she jacked him off. Then she would pull those panties down and open her legs, inviting him to thrust his virgin cock inside her sexy, mature body. He squinted his eyes between her legs. He could just about make out her engorged vaginal lips through the sheer fabric...he was going to cum soon...

"You need help with that?"

His eyes flicked back to her face. She was awake and smiling at him.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)