Karen and Michelles Sad Story Part 3 Michelles Story Chapter 68

By Redlegtiger
Edited by msboy8
Redlegtiger@hotmail.com

Please remember that this is fantasy and anyone thinking that they should do these things in real life, deserve to be locked up and have the key thrown away and play sissy slut to their cell mate for eternity.  If you are not at least 18 years of age please leave.

Join the conversation at http://groups.google.com/group/redlegtigers-tigers-den or at http://www.rppstories.com/forum/index.php?board=25.0 which is the URL for the Redlegtigers Lair where you can comment on all of my stories as well as many fantasies and stories of fans.  We would love for you to drop in and comment, leave pictures or even post a story or fantasy yourself.  

Redlegtigers Tigers Den Chat:  Every Wednesday evening from 7 pm to 11 pm Central U.S. time, I will be conducting a live group chat.  Come and join the conversation.  Just about all topics are discussed.  Meet some of the real life people that have inspired characters in the story.  The chat is on Windows Live Messenger(Formerly MSN messenger).  Just use redlegtiger@hotmail.com or guiltykarma_420@hotmail.com to IM me or guilty and join the conversation.

Chapter 68, Getting Ready for School

Sarah, Aminda and Michelle began School on Monday at the local high school.  During that first week, things went fine for Aminda and Michelle.  They looked and acted like your typical students that were there to learn and not be seen.  They quietly went to their classes and paid attention, doing all of their work but never volunteering or doing anything to bring attention to themselves.  They had learned at Clearview that if you brought attention to yourself, it would usually end up in some kind of humiliating punishment or torture.  They did keep their ears and eyes open though, just trying to figure out the hierarchy of power within the student body.  After a couple of days, they quickly figured out that the reality was that the students really ran things and not the teachers.  There was some level of control from the high school administration but it just kept things from getting out of control and becoming anarchy.  Otherwise, there were a few clichs that really ran the school.  They were trying to figure out which ones were truly in charge so they could avoid any problems.

Sarah didnt fare nearly as well.  After the second day, she began to hear taunts of cripple, retard, spaz and many others.  The taunts were usually done behind her back so she never knew who was doing it.  As each day went by, the taunts got worse and more frequent.  Sarah began to fume about the taunts and trying to figure how to get them to stop.  There were quite a few times she would go into the bathrooms between classes and silently cry when it got too bad.  

At the end of the week on Friday afternoon while Sarah was waiting on Aminda and Michelle to join her, the taunting took on a new form.  A group of four girls surrounded Sarah and began taunting her and making fun of her.  One of them, the obvious ring leader began turning Sarahs wheel chair in circles.  She did this for a couple of minutes and then stopped the chair.  The girl bent down, with each of her hands on the arms of the wheel chair, and leaned down so her face was inches from Sarahs.  Sarah had tears in her eyes and was fearful that they were going to do something to hurt her but inside she was fuming and already thinking about extracting revenge on the girl and her cronies.  The girl finally said, Listen up retard.  We own this school and you are going to pay us ten dollars a week to leave you alone or well make your life a living hell.  Do you understand me bitch?

Sarah wiped the tears from her eyes as she saw Aminda and Michelle approaching and angrily responded, You picked the wrong person to extort bitch.  If I were you, I would go back to the hole you all crawled out of and hide because you are fucking toast.

The girl pushed back from the wheel chair and lifted her right hand to swing down and punch Sarah with her fist.  Aminda and Michelle had quickly closed the distance when they realized that Sarah was in trouble and quickly moved up behind the girl.  The four bullies were so focused on Sarah that they hadnt even noticed Aminda or Michelle.  When the girl lifted her arm back in an obvious gesture to hit Sarah, the two girls tackled her before she finished the back swing.  

Aminda and Michelle began to lay into the girl, hitting her in her face and stomach.  The other girls were stunned at the sudden turn of events but quickly went to their friends rescue.  Two of them pulled Aminda off and the other one got a choke hold on Michelle and pulled her off.  They held them while the girl that had been the ring leader got up off of the floor and looked at them and then at Sarah as if trying to decide which one to go after first.

She decided to continue to focus her attention on Sarah because she thought that her friends had Aminda and Michelle under control.  She went to hit Sarah again and while she did, Aminda pushed back against her captors and kicked down with her right foot onto the top of that girls foot.  Aminda and Michelle both had been learning from their guards how to fight and keep their wits in extreme situations.  Aminda stayed calm when the two girls grabbed her and remembered what her guard had taught her.  The girl whose foot she stomped on hopped a bit but didnt let go.  She did let out a loud You bitch as she hopped a couple of times on her one good foot.  She was distracted and Aminda had figured that she was just close enough that she would able to kick with both feet full force into the girl threatening to hit Sarah.  The force of the kick was sufficient to send the girl flying directly toward Michelle while at the same time, pushing the girls that were holding her against the wall.  The action was so quick and unexpected that the girls were momentarily stunned.  That gave Aminda the opportunity to break free.  She quickly turned around and hit the two girls in the throat to knock the breath out of them like the guards had taught her.  When she did, they both fell to the ground, gasping for breath.

When the girl that was trying to punch Sarah went flying toward Michelle, she quickly kicked up and wrapped her legs around her and locked her ankles to keep her away from Sarah.  The girl quickly regained her footing and tried to break away from Michelle.  Michelle wasnt about to let that happen because she knew that the girl would go back to hit Sarah.  The girl began to punch and hit Michelle as hard as she could to get her to let her go.  Michelle took the punches and screamed in pain as she was punched in the stomach, tits and face.  She was used to much more severe pain on a regular basis so it didnt distract her from keeping her feet locked around the girl. 

After taking out the two girls that were holding her, Aminda ran across the hall and tackled the girl holding Michelle.  She hit her in the stomach with her shoulder and knocked her full force into the wall, knocking the breath out of her.  When Michelle felt her right arm come free, she swung her fist with all of her strength at the girl she was holding with her legs.  She didnt go for the girls face though.  She, like Aminda went for the windpipe of the girl.  It happened so fast that the girl didnt even know what hit her.  She collapsed to the floor grasping her throat, trying to get her breath.  Thats when the girl that Aminda had knocked into the wall ran toward the exit and out the door.  

It was about that time that a teacher came running around the corner.  She saw the girl run out the door and then looked down at the three girls on the ground gasping for breath.  The girl on the floor saw the teacher and gasped out in a whisper, They attacked us Miss Trendle.

The teacher responded, Now I doubt very seriously that is what happened.  Well all go back to the principals office and well sort this out.  Knowing your history at this school, Im sure that they were provoked.  My guess is that you tried to pick on someone that you thought was weaker than you and found out different.  Now get up and lets go.  By the way, I saw your little coconspirator run out the door so she will get the same punishment as you do.  We have no tolerance for violence in our schools.  Now get up off of the floor and come on.
She turned to Sarah, Aminda and Michelle and said, you three as well.  

The girls followed the teacher to the office.  Once there they were made to sit down and wait.  Sarah, Aminda and Michelle sat on one side while the other three girls sat on the opposite side of the room from them, staring at them with hatred.  There was a secretary sitting at the desk keeping an eye on them or the fighting would have started all over.  

While they were waiting, Aminda and Michelle were fearful of the punishment they would receive.  Their experience told them that they would be beat to within an inch of their lives.  They sat there silently with tears running down their cheeks, just knowing that they would be caned or whipped soon.  They didnt understand how public schools worked after three years at the hands of their masters and mistresses at Clearview and the Baybee Ranch.  They ignored the girls across from them.  They didnt fear them at all.  They were just bullies and they knew that after beating them as soundly as they had, they wouldnt be bothering them again.

About fifteen minutes later, a high school security guard came in with a video cassette in his hand.  He went into the principals office, closing the door behind him.  About five minutes later, he opened the door and called the other three girls into the office.  They were in the office about five minutes and then the security guard came out escorting them.  When he did, he told Sarah, Aminda and Michelle to go into the office.  He then left with the other three girls.

When the girls got into the principals office she waited until they were standing in front of her desk with Sarah in the wheel chair between them.  The teacher that had escorted them to the office was sitting on a chair to the side of the room.  The principal sat down and looked at the girls.  She then said to the girls, Well, I sure didnt expect to see you three in my office so soon.  We have a no fighting rule in this school but.

Sarah quickly spoke up, breaking into what the principal was going to say protesting, But I didnt do anything.  Those girls were teasing me and trying to extort money from me.  The one girl was getting ready to hit me when Aminda and Michelle came up and stopped them.

The principal stopped speaking until Sarah had finished and then continued, As I was saying, we have a no fighting rule in this school but the security tape clearly shows that if Aminda and Michelle hadnt acted, you would have been the victim.  Sarah, you should count yourself lucky that you have such good friends.  I am just going to put a warning in all of your files this time.  Try to stay out of trouble.  Amber and her friends have been expelled from school.  They caused a lot of trouble last year and I had warned them that any infraction this year would result in being expelled.  You wont have to worry about them again.  I just want to emphasize to you that fighting on school grounds is something that we discourage.  The next time you are involved in a fight, you will be suspended for five days.  Your security guards will be waiting for you at the entrance.  Our security guard was told to have them escort you to the car.  They will be informed about what happened.  I will leave it up to you to tell your parents.  Now go on home, well see you Monday.

Aminda and Michelle were both so surprised at not being punished that they stood there stunned for a moment.  It wasnt until the principal acted like she was clearing her throat that Aminda grabbed the handles of the wheel chair, turned and began to push Sarah out of the door followed closely behind by Michelle.  They quickly headed to the main entrance where Trip was waiting for them.  They were quickly escorted to the SUV.  As they went, across the street from the school were about seven girls and Amber staring at them.  

After they were all in the car and on their way, Trip turned to the girls and said, I understand that you two girls managed to take on four other girls to protect Sarah.  Im proud of you but please be aware that they arent likely to take this lying down.  Watch out for each other because you are likely to be the targets for retribution.  Thankfully the girls have been expelled so it wont be easy for them to get at you with us dropping you off and picking you up.  Good job though.  He turned around as they continued the drive home.

When they got home, the guards explained what happened to Tom and Nancy.  Over dinner they both thanked Aminda and Michelle and cautioned them as the guards had done.  That was the extent of their admonition.  Aminda and Michelle couldnt believe that they werent punished.  Aminda finally asked with great worry on her face, Arent you going to punish us mas Tom?

Tom looked at Aminda and answered, My goodness no.  There is nothing to punish you for.  As a matter of fact, you did the right thing by protecting Sarah as far as Im concerned.  For that I and Nancy both thank you.  Besides, the only punishment you ever have to worry about in this house is loss of privileges.  We will never physically punish you.  The only time we will ever physically hurt you is when you ask us to whip you like you have recently in the evenings before bed.

Aminda looked at Nancy and then Tom and said, Thank you for being so understanding.

After dinner they watched a movie on the television before calling it a night.  Sarah had both Aminda and Michelle go to bed with her.  As soon as they were in the room, Sarah ordered, Strip you two.  You both deserve a reward and I cant do that with you dressed.  Now get out of your clothes and join me on the bed. 

Sarah was pulling off her blouse and then her bra as she ordered her two slaves to strip.  When she was done she pushed herself up out of the chair and tried to take the two steps to the bed.  On the first step without support, she fell forward onto the bed.  Thats what she had expected but she had hoped she would be able to take the two steps to the bed.  Once she fell onto the bed, she turned onto her back and stripped her pants off of her legs and then scooted back into the middle of the bed.  She moved back until she was sitting back against the headboard.  

Aminda was the first to strip completely and crawl up onto the bed.  She crawled up to Sarahs right side and began to nibble on her ear and whisper how much she loved Sarah.  Michelle picked up the dirty clothes and took them to the hamper.  While she was there, she put on a strap on dildo that they had used many times before on each other.  She returned and climbed onto the bed until she was on Sarahs left side and joined in nibbling on Sarahs left ear.  The two girls then proceeded to nibble and lick their way down, stopping at her neck for a few moments.

After several minutes of gently biting and sucking on the hollow of Sarahs neck they moved down and began to suck and nibble on her fourteen year old tits and nipples.  They each took a nipple and sucked and chewed on it for a few moments.  Aminda reached down and began to finger Sarahs clit.  Sarah began to moan in pleasure from her slaves skilled hands.  

Sarah quickly rose to a high level of excitement.  When she was close to cumming, the girls quit stimulating her erogenous zones and let her calm down a bit.  Aminda moved out of the way and Michelle climbed over Sarah.  Once she had her knees in side of her mistress legs, she lined up her dildo with Sarahs cunt and slowly but gently slipped it in.  She proceeded to push into her mistress cunt with gentle but loving in and out strokes.  Aminda got behind the two and crawled up from their feet until she had her face inches from the joined cunt and cock.  She leaned in and began to lick Sarah where the dildo entered her and at times move down and rim her ass. 

It didnt take long before Sarah was screaming in orgasm from the dual stimulation.  But her two slaves didnt stop there.  They kept right on fucking and sucking until their mistress experienced four more orgasms, each more powerful than the last.  Her final cum was so powerful that she passed out and fell into a deep, restful sleep.  She had not given either Aminda or Michelle any orders so the two girls took turns fucking each other to a good cum and then after cleaning everything up, they tucked Sarah into bed and then lay down on the rug at the foot of the bed where Sarah had told them they would sleep when something like this happened.  The two girls held and cuddled each other until they fell asleep.

Across the hall, Tina and Geri were embraced in their own lesbian embrace, making love to each other in a 69.  When they heard Sarahs screams of pleasure across the hall, it was at a point where they had brought each other to a peak, right at the precipice of cumming.  The screams brought sexy images to their minds.  They were enough to send Tina into a glorious climax.  Geris cum followed when Tinas was only half way done.  The two women screamed out their cums into the cunt of the other.  

After they recovered from their orgasm, Tina turned back around and they lay on the bed holding each other, tit mashed into tit.  They gave each other sweet loving kisses.  After a few minutes, Geri asked, Tina, have you ever been tied up during sex?  You know, doing some of the things that we have seen and heard since we started working here.

Tina paused for a moment, not sure where this conversation was going.  She finally said, No I havent nor do I want to be.  I dont ever want to feel out of control and once youre tied up you have absolutely no control over what happens.

Geri responded, I can understand that.  But truth be told, I have fantasized about being tied up and forced to do things since I was a kid.  I never followed up on it though because I was told that anything sexual was evil when I was a girl.  Then after all those years of listening to the feminists about not being subservient to a man, well I buried those desires.  Since I have been here though, they have started coming to the forefront of my fantasies again.  I think I would like to try it once.  You are the only one I could ever trust enough to have do something like that to me.  Would you do that for me?

Tina was surprised at the request from her lover.  She had never had the desire to experiment with any type of bondage or other types of sexual stimulation.  After a few moments of thought, she answered, Because I love you so much, I would be happy to try it with you.  Do you want to try it now?

Geri leaned in and kissed Tina passionately on the lips and hugged her tight.  After a few moments the two women separated, panting for breath.  Geri gasped out, I have a few scarves in the second drawer down.  Please tie me up and do with me as you please.  I trust you.  Please

Tina crawled out of bed and went to the dresser.  She opened the second drawer down and found about a half a dozen silk scarves.  She brought the scarves back to the bed and stood there for a moment admiring Geri.  Geri had turned over onto her back and was now lying with her arms extended toward the posts of the headboard and her feet toward the posts on the footboard.  She began to tie her wrists and ankles to the posts.  When she was done with that, she wadded up a scarf and held it in front of Geris mouth.  Tina said, Open wide my slut.

Geri opened her mouth and Tina began to stuff the silk scarf into her mouth.  It was a fairly large scarf, so that by the time that Tina had stuffed it completely into Geris mouth she was completely unable to do anything but groan or moan to make sounds.  Tina took the final scarf and put it into Geris hand.  She said, If at any time you want me to stop, just drop the scarf.  That will tell me that you dont want to continue.  Now you just lay there for a while.  I have to get ready.

Tina went into the closet and looked up at the shelves.  She quickly found what she was looking for.  There was a hat that had a couple of small decorative feathers on them.  She removed one of them and quickly made her way out of the closet.  She laid the feather on the end table next to the bed and then went to Aminda and Michelles room.  She knocked on the door and when there was no answer, she went in.  She turned on the light and began to search through the drawers for some items to use on her partner.  It was when she started searching the second chest of drawers when she hit pay dirt.  There were a selection of dildos, vibrators and quite a few nipple clamps.  She grabbed a pair of small alligator clamps without teeth and a moderate sized dildo and a small vibrating dildo.  She quickly returned to their room, ready to put her partner through her paces.

Tina went to the table and put the stuff she got down on the end table next to the bed.  The first thing she did was pick up the small bullet vibrator.  She turned it on and then touched the tip onto Geris left nipple.  Geri closed her eyes and let out a moan of obvious pleasure.  Tina bent down and began to lick and chew on the nipple she wasnt using the vibrator on.  

Tina alternated tits every couple of minutes until she was sure that Geris nipples were as big and hard as they were going to get.  Then she reached over and grabbed the nipple clamps.  She continued to suck on her right nipple to keep it hard while she took the alligator clamp and clipped it onto the left.  Geri let out a loud moan of obvious pain from the clamp but she didnt drop the scarf.  Tina then took the other clamp and attached it to her partners right nipple.  Again Geri moaned but this time it was a mix of pleasure and pain.  

Tina now focused her attention with the vibrator to Geris cunt and clit.  She would gently trace the vibrator around her lovers outer lips and then up to her clit.  She would then move the vibrator down and push it into her cunt.  She fucked the vibrator in and out of Geris cunt several times and then would trace it around her outer lips and clit into her cunt a few times and then around her outer lips and clit again.  She kept this up until her partner was moaning loudly in ecstasy.  

Tina watched for signs that Geri was getting close to cumming.  When she was sure that she was close she moved the vibrating bullet vibrator down to her ass and gently pushed it in.  When she had the vibrator in to the hilt she gave it an extra push with her finger to push it in deeper and then reached for the larger dildo.  She brought the dildo down and brushed it across Geris clamped tits causing her to moan in a mix of pain and pleasure.  She took the dildo then and began to fuck Geri with it.  She followed the same pattern she did with the vibrator.  She ran the end around her outer lips, rubbed it on her clit and then fucked it in and out of her cunt a few times.  Each time she did this, she extended the number of times she was fucking her lover.  Soon she was fucking her almost constantly.  Tina kept on fucking her lover with the dildo until she came.

After bringing Geri to a good cum, Tina pushed the dildo in all of the way and picked up the feather.  She then started rubbing the feather around Geris ear lobe.  She did this to both ears for a few minutes and then gradually moved the feather in circles down to her tits.  She then started on the right tit and lightly ran the feather around the base of her tit.  She gradually worked the feather around the tit, gradually moving it up.  When she got to the nipple she avoided touching the areola for now and went to the other tit.  

Geri happened to be very ticklish and was constantly jerking and moaning while Tina ran the feather around her tits.  But it was also erotically stimulating and was increasing her excitement like it never had been before.  When Tina finally moved the feather to her nipples and areola she launched into a massive orgasm.  She arched her back as she moaned and screamed out her orgasm through her gag.  

Tina didnt stop with the feather when Geri came.  She continued to run the feather across her nipples, causing her cum to continue on and on.  When it was obvious that she was calming down a bit, Tina reached down with her free hand and while circling her tits with the feather began to fuck Geri with the dildo.  This had the effect of causing Geri to orgasm again.  Tina continued to fuck her rapidly, causing the orgasm to go on and on.  When it was obvious that orgasm was subsiding, Tina moved the feather down Geris body and began to run it around the lips of her lovers cunt and then her clit.  She continued to do that while fucking the dildo in and out of her cunt.  This dual assault on her most sensitive spot caused Geri to climax again.  This time the orgasm was so intense that her entire body arched up until she was on her head and shoulders on one end and on her heels on the other.  This orgasm was sustained so long that Geri couldnt get a breath. 

Tina watched as her lover was going through what was obviously a massive cum.  She waited until she saw the tension begin to relax and then reached up and removed a nipple clamp.  When she removed the first one, Geris body arched up even higher, looking like she would break her back.  She listened to the screams of mixed pleasure and pain that were making their way through the scarf.  Tina was actually getting excited at what she was doing to her lover.  

Tina climbed on the bed while she continued to fuck her with the dildo.  She straddled her head and removed the scarf, lowering her cunt down onto her lovers open mouth.  She leaned forward to continue the assault on Geris cunt with the dildo with one hand and the feather with the other.  She felt Geri begin to tongue her cunt and suck on her lips.  She continued to fuck her lover and tickle her outer lips and clit with the feather.  Geri seemed to be holding in a state of erotic bliss, climbing ever higher as she was fucked and tickled.  Tina felt like she was on the verge of cumming herself.  She concentrated on what she was doing, trying to time her orgasm with her lovers.  She was very close when she felt Geris body tensing up, getting ready for another massive cum.  She dropped the feather and reached under her and removed the final alligator clip.  That was all it took.  The pain of the blood rushing into Geris nipple caused her to scream into Tinas cunt.  This pushed Tina over into a good strong cum.  She had to hold on to keep from being bucked off as Geris entire body bucked and shook from the force of the cum.  Finally she passed out and dropped the scarf.

Tina quickly dismounted from her lover.  She immediately untied the scarves, freeing Geris hands and feet.  She removed the two dildos, took them to the bathroom and cleaned them.  She came back in the room and put the nipple clamps on the end table.  She lay down and cuddled with her partner.  She lay there and thought about the implications of what had just happened.  She had gotten terribly excited at what she had done to Geri.  She never thought she would get any pleasure out of dominating someone sexually before.  She definitely would do it again.  She had one of the best cums in her life.  She knew that Geri also had experienced numerous orgasms that far exceeded any she had known before.  

Tina lay there holding her lover in her arms as she breathed deeply in an exhausted sleep.  It was obvious from the look on Geris face that she was extremely happy.  The two nurses relationship had just taken a definite change in direction.  It had been greatly strengthened as well.  Geri had placed a great deal of trust in her partner and Tina rewarded her with the mightiest and most lasting orgasms in her life.  She came more in that one session than she had in the last several years combined.  Geri was now madly in love with Tina and would do anything for her.  Tina finally fell asleep, holding onto her lover.  Her last thought was about making the relationship official and permanent.  

The next morning, Sarah woke up early.  She lay there staring at the ceiling as she thought about what happened to her the day before.  She hated the feeling of helplessness that she had.  She decided to redouble her efforts to walk again.  But she had to do something to make sure that people feared to do anything to her.  She had to have control of the situation at all times.  She decided that she had to take action.  She didnt know what she was going to do or to whom but she knew that the first step was to gather intelligence.  She needed to know the student leaders of the school.  They would be her first target.  

Sarah, having decided her course of action quickly dragged herself down to the foot of the bed.  She reached down and shook Amindas and Michelles shoulders yelling, Wake up my little slut slaves.  We have work to do.  Get in your pony gear.  Were going to the cave for a little session after I do my therapy.  Now Michelle, you get up here and take care of me while Aminda gets the therapy gear.

Michelle scrambled up onto the bed, rubbing the sleep from her eyes as she went.  She quickly positioned herself at her mistresss cunt and began to suck and lick.  She brought Sarah to a quick orgasm and then took care of her morning needs.  All the while, Aminda brought the rails into the room and set them up.

The next hour, Sarah walked back and forth between the two parallel bars.  The movements were stiff and she had to support most of her weight on her arms.  This did stimulate her muscles and nerves though and a very exhausted Sarah felt good about her session at the end of the hour.

While she was exercising, Aminda and Michelle took turns getting into the pony gear.  By the time Sarah was finished with her therapy, the two girls were dressed and ready to go.  Sarah had them carry her down the stairs and to the pony sulky.  After putting Sarah on the seat and handing her the reins, they stepped to the front and hooked up.  Sarah whipped them both a couple of times and yelled, To the cave my lovelies.

Sarah alternated whipping the two pony girls about every thirty seconds.  She was in a hurry and kept whipping them to go faster.  Aminda and Michelle were initially surprised at what Sarah was doing.  She had never driven them like this before.  Those thoughts quickly disappeared though as their pony training kicked in and their minds became focused on their task at hand of running as fast and long as they could.  The time it took to get to the cave was about half of what it normally took.  By then their backs were covered from top to bottom with deep red welts where Sarah had continued to whip them the whole way.  By the time they arrived in the cave, both Aminda and Michelle were struggling for breath.  They had never run full out for so long before.  Even during their 1500 meter pony race they had more energy left.  They had been running full out for a little over a mile.  

When the girls were brought to a complete halt Sarah ordered, All right my lovelies.  Today we are going to have class.  You are going to learn what I expect from you at school from now on.  Get out of your pony gear and then go over to the shackles hanging from the rafters.  Youll need to get an extra pair of cuffs on because I want you both hanging face to face and tit to tit.  Then we can begin my second part of therapy and you can learn your tasks for school.  Before you start however, put me in my wheelchair.  I will get myself over there.  You just worry about getting yourselves ready to hang from the rafters by your sweet little arms.

Aminda and Michelle, still struggling for breath, quickly released themselves from the sulky.  Aminda went and lifted Sarah out of the sulky while Michelle took down the wheel chair and got it ready for her mistress.  Once that was done, they both quickly stripped out of their pony gear and ran as fast as possible to the shackles hanging from a rope that went through a pulley that was connected to a huge rafter that the guards had put in.  It was eight inches square and about twelve feet long.  It was supported on each end by eight inch square posts.  The rope was connected to a wheel at the cave wall so that it could be raised or lowered.

Aminda ran to the cabinet that was against the cave wall and looked through it.  When she found a set of leather shackles, she quickly grabbed them and ran back to the hanging rope.  Michelle had in the mean time closed the shackles around her wrists and was standing there waiting for Aminda to join her.  Aminda came up to her and had to jump up a little as she flipped the chain connecting the leather shackles over the hook at the end of the rope. It took her a couple of times before she finally got it over the hook.  She then locked the cuffs onto each of her wrists so that she was facing Michelle.  

No sooner had Aminda gotten the shackles connected than she felt the rope pulling their arms upward.  They were pulled up until their feet were completely off of the ground.  They both looked over at Sarah who was wheeling herself in the wheelchair from the crank for the rope to the wall of the cave that had all of the whips hanging from it.  They watched as Sarah chose a cat-o-nine tails.  Then she wheeled herself to the cabinet holding the dildos.  She selected two of the silver bullets.  These were the ones that were heat sensitive and had been used for their training at Clearview.  These dildos had given the girls a lot of pain from the pins when they first started being trained.  Of all the dildos they had used on them these were the ones that had caused them the most pain.  When the two slaves saw the dildos that their mistress selected, they both trembled in fear.  They wondered what their mistress was so mad about.  

After selecting the dildos and grabbing the control box, Sarah wheeled herself over to her two slaves.  She said, Im going to be training you today to accomplish a few things for me.  Yesterday I was helpless in defending myself and I dont like that.  You came to my rescue which is the duty of every slave to their mistress.  For that you were given your reward last night.  But I never want what happened yesterday to happen again.  

Sarah paused long enough to put the dildos into the two girls cunts.  She then wheeled her chair back far enough so she could get a swing and bring the full brunt of the whip onto Amindas back with a forward swing and Michelles back would be hit with a back swing.  She pulled her arm back and let loose, bringing the whip hard onto Amindas back and then quickly reversed and brought the whip down hard onto Michelles back.  She then paused the whipping and said, You are going to help me Whipwhip. to become the defacto leader of the high school. Whipwhip.  You will find out who the leaders are for each class. Whipwhip.  You will find out who their boyfriends or girlfriends are. Whipwhip.  You will help me find out their weaknesses. Whipwhip.  You will help me to exploit those weaknesses. Whipwhip.  You will help me make them all cow tow to me. Whipwhip.  Do you understand my lovelies?

Aminda and Michelle were both crying from the whipping they had received from their mistress.  They had been whipped harder than this before but never by Mistress Sarah.  They didnt answer quickly enough and felt the bite of the whip again.  Finally they said at the same time, Yes Mistress.

Sarah responded, Lets see if you were listening.  I want you to repeat what I told you and then for every thing you miss, I will whip you ten times and you will get a shock from the dildo.  Each mistake means that the setting goes up one level on the dildo starting at a setting of five.  Im sure you recognize the ones I put in you.  Yes, they are the ones with the pins so if you make too many mistakes, you will feel them.  Now lets get started.  Aminda, you go first and then Michelle and so on.  What are you going to help me do at school?


Aminda responded, We are going to help you to become the defacto leader of the high school.

Thats right Aminda. Whipwhip.  Sarah said as she whipped the two girls.  And what are you going to do to help me do that? Whipwhip.
Michelle quickly blurted out, We will find out who the leaders are for each class?  Michelle said it in more of a question indicating she wasnt quite sure.

Sarah asked as she whipped the two girls, Are you sure Michelle? Whipwhipwhipwhipwhipwhip.

Michelle quickly responded, Yesyes Im sure mistress.

Sarah stopped whipping them and said, What else? Whipwhip.  

Aminda answered, We will find out who their boyfriends or girlfriends are. Whipwhip.  

Sarah said, Very good Aminda. Whipwhip. Whats next Michelle?

Michelle was panicking.  She couldnt remember everything that Sarah had said.  She was struggling to remember.  She paused for too long and felt the sting of the whip. Whipwhip.  She panicked and said, Well help you find out about them. Whipwhipwhipwhipwhipwhip.  The whipping continued until each girl had received ten strikes of the whip.

Sarah turned the shocking mechanism of the dildos on and held it for thirty seconds.  Finally she said, You have probably figured out that you made a mistake.  Now what was it that you were supposed to learn about the class leaders?  

Michelle couldnt think.  She was panicking because she hadnt listened intently to her mistress when she was telling them what to do at the beginning.  We will help make them your friends? Michelle answered in a quiet unsure voice. Whipwhipwhipwhipwhip.  Again both girls were whipped ten times and then Sarah turned the setting up to six and pushed the button for thirty seconds.  Both Aminda and Michelle screamed at the excruciating pain from the shock.  The whipping was tolerable.  Both had received worse.  But the shocking from the dildo was something that neither one had ever gotten use to.  

Sarah said, Try again slut. Whipwhip.

Michelle tried to think but couldnt for the life of her remember what was next.  Finally she said, I dont know mistress.  I dont remember what you said.

Sarah was now mad.  She turned the dildo up to seven and turned it on.  She then began to whip the two girls mercilessly.  While she was whipping them she was yelling, You didnt listen to me did you slut.  I thought that slaves were supposed to hang onto every word spoken by their master or mistress.  You obviously dont consider me your mistress if you werent listening.  Why do I take the time with a worthless piece of shit like you if you wont listen to me?

Michelle screamed in pain from the dual assault from the dildo and the whipping.  Finally Sarah had let out all of her fury and stopped long enough for Michelle to speak.  She squeaked out, Im sorry that I failed you mistress.  I should have listened better.  Please forgive me mistressplease.

Sarah wheeled herself in front of Michelle and stared into her eyes.  Michelle had never seen such anger in her mistress before.  This was obviously something she expected them to be passionate about.  She lowered her eyes, more because she was more ashamed at disappointing her mistress than anything.  Sarah wheeled herself back to the two girls and grabbed Michelles feet.  She turned her so that her back was to Aminda.  Sarah then wheeled in front of Aminda and did the same until the two girls were hanging back to back.  When she was done she went back to the whipping position she had started in.  She said, Okay, Im sure you can figure out where Ill be focusing my next blows.  So why dont you tell your slut slave what the next step is Aminda? Whipwhip.  The whip hit the girls dead center on their tits causing them both to scream in pain.

Aminda quickly responded, We will help you to find out their weaknesses and exploit them. Whipwhip.  

Sarah said, Very good Aminda, but you included two tasks together instead of one so heres your punishment.  Whipwhipwhipwhip.  Sarah whipped the girls ten times across their tits.  She then set the setting on the dildos at eight and hit the button for thirty seconds.  Finally she asked, What are you going to do for me then? Whipwhip.

Aminda said, We will help you find out the class leaders weaknesses.    

Sarah said, Finally you got it right.  Thats right.  You will help me to find their weaknesses.  And what are you going to do once I find out their weaknesses slut Michelle?  Whipwhip.

Michelle quickly answered, remembering what Aminda had said, We will help you to exploit those weaknesses mistress. Whipwhip.  

Sarah responded, Finally the slut slave gets it right.  And why are you helping me to find and exploit the weaknesses of the school leaders? Whipwhip.

Aminda quickly said, We will help you make them come to you seeking permission or guidance for things.  We will help you be the leader they all come to for help when they want things done.

Sarah stopped whipping them.  She sat there looking at them for a while to let what they had just said and experienced settle in.  After about fifteen minutes she said, You were absolutely correct slut Aminda.  Now why dont we try going through it again?  I want you to know what is expected with every fiber of your being.

For the next three hours, Sarah questioned and whipped the two slave girls.  She wasnt about to stop until she knew that they had it down pat.  Finally after about the tenth time through flawlessly, Sarah put the whip down and said, You are ready now my sluts.  I expect that you will report to me daily about what you learn.  Aminda, you will keep a record of who the leaders are and what it is about them that we can exploit.  Both of you will carry digital cameras and recorders with you from now on.  I want evidence so that we can use it against the person.  Dont be surprised if I expect you to seduce a boyfriend or girlfriend of a class leader and get photographic evidence.  You begin on Monday.

Aminda and Michelle both answered with a loud, Yes Mistress.

Sarah then wheeled to the crank and let the catch loose that held the rope in place.  The weight of the two girls caused them to fall the few inches to the floor.  Sarah quickly wheeled herself over to the two girls and undid the shackles freeing her two lovely slaves. When they were both free and rubbing their wrists, Sarah said, Its been a rather strenuous day.  Why dont we take a swim so that you can freshen up a bit?

Both Aminda and Michelle moved rather gingerly from the pain.  They stepped into the water and the girls swam out through the waterfall entrance.  They spent the rest of the day sunning on the manmade beach and letting the pain of the whipping sessions calm down.  Aminda and Michelle spent more time in the water than on the sand though.  Their fronts and backs were sore from the whipping and they could barely stand to lie down on their front or backs.

Finally at mid afternoon, Sarah told the other two that they needed to get back to the house.  They all three swam back through the entrance under the waterfall and back to the cave.  Aminda and Michelle quickly donned their pony girl outfits, put Sarah in the sulky and began to long run to the house.  The pace was slower and more painful for Aminda and Michelle.

The rest of the weekend was quiet.  The only activity in the house was that done by Tina and Geri.  Tina had been spending more and more time with Geri and not at home with her daughters.  After Friday nights activities, Tina and Geri had a long talk and they decided that they would make their partnership official.  They knew that there was no way to legally join them in a same sex marriage but they wanted to have some kind of ceremony.  But first Tina had to introduce Geri to her two daughters.  They had no clue that their mother was a lesbian.  She decided that she would have to start introducing the topic to them slowly and prepare them for the big announcement.  She didnt just want to spring it on them.  

Tina and Geri had asked Tom and Nancy if they could join the family for Sunday nights dinner.  They explained that they had a big announcement that they needed to share with the family, an announcement that could impact whether or not they stayed as their nurses.

That night after dinner, Tom was the first to speak up, Everyone, Tina and Geri have asked to dine with us.  They said that they have an announcement for us.  Now before they say whatever it is they want to say, I just want to let them know how pleased that we are with the work they have done for us in helping our dear Sarah to recover.  As they know, Sarah is making great progress in regaining full use of her legs.  The doctors say that she should make a full recovery.  It wont be easy and Im glad that we have two such well trained nurses on hand to help out as needed.  I have a feeling that they will be needed even more in the coming days when some of the injured slaves are released from the hospital and brought here.  Thank you, Tina and Geri for a job well done.  Now what is it you wanted to announce?

Tina stood up and looked lovingly at Geri and then back at the others.  She took a deep nervous breath and announced, Since we have come to know you fine people, we have been exposed to things that we had never dreamed of in our worst nightmares.  It took a bit of getting use to at first but we stuck with it and found that it isnt as abhorrent as we thought.  On top of that, we have been working closer together than we ever have before.  Geri had always been a good friend to me but after working and being with her so closely, we have become more.  We want to announce to you that we have decided to officially become a couple.  We will understand if that makes you uncomfortable and you decide to let us go.  We hope that doesnt happen but we wanted you to know up front instead of trying to hide it behind your backs.

Sarah, Aminda and Michelle squealed with excitement.  Aminda and Michelle both got up and went over to hug the two nurses.  Tom got up and quietly walked over to Tina and Geri.  The look on his face was unreadable.  From looking at him you couldnt tell whether he was happy or upset.  When he finally got up to Tina he held out his arms in an obvious gesture to give a hug.  Tina fell into his arms as he hugged her and congratulated her.  He could feel Tina relax in his arms as he held her.  She had been so fearful that they wouldnt be accepted.  But that fear was for naught.  She looked up over Toms shoulders and saw Geri being hugged by Nancy.  She closed her eyes and sighed thinking, Things are going to work out all right.  Now how do I tell my girls?

After the excitement of the dinner announcement, the rest of the evening was quiet.  After watching a movie they all quietly went to bed.  Tina didnt stay the night this time.  She had to make an appearance at least once during the weekend so that her daughters knew that she was alive.  The announcement to them would wait until she could introduce the concept of same sex couples to them and get their reaction to the idea.  

The next week at school was quiet except that Aminda and Michelle had achieved something akin to hero status.  It seems that Amber and her gang had been terrorizing students at the school for quite a while.  This did allow them to get to know other students and learn who the student leaders, both official and unofficial were.  They were all happy to meet the new girls that had put Amber and her gang in place.  This made their jobs a little bit easier.  They befriended all that came to them in hopes they would be able to learn more.  They shared everything they learned with Sarah as well.  Aminda recorded everything they learned for future purposes.  Sarah was very pleased with their efforts and rewarded them every night.  

Up in Washington, things werent going so well.  Karens depression just kept getting deeper and deeper, allowing her doggyslut persona to fuel her sense of guilt.  Angie tried several times to engage her in conversation like she had when she was first admitted to the hospital but each time she got an abrupt, Not now Angie.  She could tell from her reddened eyes that she was crying a lot and not getting any sleep.  

That Monday, Angie finally decided she had to break the monotony.  She couldnt go on ignoring Brittany.  Brittany was recovering more and more each day.  She had tried to talk to Angie several times but Angie rudely told her that she had nothing to say to her.  Oh how she hated Brittany.  She finally realized that if she had to get a new name, Brittany would need to as well.  So she asked, Brittany, have you thought about what name you want to take once you go into the witness protection program?

Brittany looked at her with a crazed look in her eye.  She said matter of factly, I thought that Mistress Karen would help me pick out a name.

Angie looked pleased at that response.  She figured this was her chance to get back at Brittany.  She said, Well Mistress Karen put me in charge of you so that means that I should pick your new name then shouldnt I?

Brittany got a momentary confused look on her face, then a brief look of anger and finally one of acceptance.  It appeared as if the old Brittany was fighting with the new one for dominance.  It was the look of acceptance that gave an indication to Angie that Brittany had accepted her dominance over her.  She waited until Brittany finally said, III suppose that you would be the one to help me select a new name then.

Angie wasnt satisfied with that answer and responded, No Im not going to help you.  Im going to give you your new name.  Isnt that the role of the mistress, to name your slaves?  You know it is now dont you Brittany?

Again Brittany had a mix of emotions cross her face as she thought about what Angie said.  She answered much quicker this time and said, Yes the mistress selects the slaves name.  Since you are my mistress now and I have to have another name I guess that means you get to choose what my name will be.

Angie smiled and said, Thats much better.  Now we need to find a name that will be descriptive of your new status.  I also think that we should have a French flare to the name.  Lets see, for the first name I think that a name like Suk.  Its a Korean name from one of the drudge slaves I shared a cell with when you wrongfully punished me for breaking that window but I like it because its suck with out the C in it.  Of course it is pronounced as if it was spelled Sook instead of Suk.  Now the last name should be descriptive of what you will be doing from now on.  You do know what you are going to be doing from now on dont you?

Brittany frowned as she tried to think.  Finally she said, No mistress.  I cant guess what my future entails anymore.  It is whatever you, my mistress decides; nothing less and nothing more.  

Angie smiled at that answer.  She said, Well, from now on your future is going to be sucking cunt and anything else we tell you to.  Do you understand me?

Brittany answered, Yes mistress.

Well dont you think your last name should reflect your new status as a cunt lapper then?  Angie asked.

Brittany immediately responded, If that is what mistress wants.

Well then, I think that we should pick out a name with a French accent to it like Lecunt.  That isnt really French but it has a French flare to it.  Its pronounced like it was spelled Lecoont.  So your name is now Suk Lecunt.  I think thats a good name to represent suck the cunt dont you?  said Angie.
  
Brittany answered, Yes mistress.  My name is Suk Lecunt.

Angie then said, Now that you are Suk Lecunt.  I want you to come over here and suck my cunt.  Its about time you lived up to your new name.

Suk got out of bed and walked over to Angie.  She still had bandages on parts of her body that were still healing but her disfigured face had healed about as well as it was going to.  She gingerly got down on her knees in front of Angie.  She looked up into her eyes and saw firm determination in there and knew that she had to follow her mistress order.  She thanked her lucky stars that she wasnt going to be whipped or spanked.  She was sure that in time she would be but for now they wanted to allow her to heal.  She bent her head down as she reached under Angies skirt and pulled her panties down.  She dropped them on the floor and then lowered her head down under her skirt.  She stuck out her tongue and gave her first tentative lick of another womans cunt as a slave.  She began to lick and suck on her mistresss clit and cunt lips.  As she got into it, she began to get into it more and more.  She knew the tale tell signs of excitement that led to orgasm from her former life.  She would excite her slaves until they were on the verge of orgasm and then she would torture them, trying to get them to cum from the pain.  This time though, she knew that she needed to please her mistress and settled into a full out assault on Mistress Angies cunt.  Soon Angie was moaning and groaning in excitement and in short order the moans turned into screams of orgasmic ecstasy.  

Suk kept on sucking until Angie had two more orgasms and pushed her away.  She sat back on her heels with her head down in a perfectly submissive manner.  Angie looked at her and couldnt believe this was the same person who had been responsible for most of her tortured existence at Clearview.  She thought about how much fun it was going to be once she finally healed so that she could return the favor.  But she also wondered what had turned Brittany into such a cruel mean bitch.  That curiosity led her to order, Tell me the story of Brittany.  I want to know what turned that bitch into such a horrid person.  Start from the beginning.





