                             Neighborly Swap
                            by Chemical Ollie

-------
Synopsis: Sam's wife proposes a mate swap with the neighbors. Does she have a secret agenda?

Codes: MF Mf gi cons swing preg


-------

Chapter 1


Ben Taylor, our neighbor, was always flirting outrageously with my wife Brenda. He propositioned her relentlessly right in front of me and his own wife. Brenda would laugh it off and Ben's wife, Lynette, would act scandalized but I was kind of laid back about it. For one thing I didn't think he was really serious. Also, I trusted my wife and knew Brenda could take care of herself or call on me for help if Ben got too rambunctious. I certainly didn't think she'd consent to sleep with him. Ben just didn't seem Brenda's type. Imagine my surprise when in answer to yet another of his invitations for Brenda to join him in bed she said, "Why not?"

Ben, Lynette and I were all stunned into silence until Ben said, "Do you mean it?"

"Yes, I mean it," Brenda replied. Ben turned to me and grinned nervously then turned back to Brenda.

"Right now?" The lust was plain on his face.

"No, Ben!" Lynette gasped.

"Shut up, Lynette," Ben snapped. Lynette shut up and lapsed into a pout.

"I'd like to discuss this with you first, Brenda," I said finally. I was trying to remain calm. This was so unlike my wife but she could be mischievous at times. Was this all a joke?

"By all means, darling, let's discuss it."

"In private, please."

"No, I think we can discuss it right here with our friends."

"Fine," I said. "Why would you ... consider sleeping with Ben?" There were a lot of questions I wanted to ask Brenda like, 'Are you crazy?' but I still wanted a private discussion.

"I'm handsome and charming," Ben piped up.

"You are that," Brenda replied. "Also I appreciate persistence and Ben has been asking me constantly ever since we moved here and that's been almost two years. I guess he's worn down my resistance. I can't tell you the number of times he's groped or fondled me behind your back." Ben had the grace to blush. I stared daggers at him and Lynette didn't look happy with him either.

"Well, things have obviously gotten out of hand," I pronounced. "Our neighbor has abused our hospitality and--"

"Oh, please stop acting holier than thou, darling," said Brenda. "I know who you were with at the Holiday Inn last month." Now I had to blush. My wife was airing some of my dirty laundry. Was Brenda exacting some kind of revenge? I thought I was so careful.

"Oh ho!" Ben chortled. "It's payback time. Don't worry, Sam. I won't ruin her for you too badly, buddy. Heh heh!"

"Okay, forget my feelings on this but please consider Lynette's."

"Don't worry about my wife," said Ben. "She's a good sport. You should be one too." Lynette didn't utter a word. She only continued to pout. I was sure the poor woman felt as humiliated as I did.

"I want everyone to be a good sport including you, Ben, because I do have one very important condition," said Brenda.

"Just name it, cutie," Ben replied.

"I want Sam and Lynette together when you and I are together. You know, wife swapping?"

"Wife swapping?" Ben and I chorused.

"Exactly." Brenda smiled at the three faces gawking at her. "You told me you've been quite a swinger, Ben. This shouldn't be new to you and Lynette."

Ben coughed slightly. "Well, uh, not to me or ... my first or second wives ... but ... well, I haven't had a chance to discuss this with Lynette." Lynette just stared at her husband in disbelief. He was going to have a very tough time discussing wife swapping with her.

"Well, let me know when you two have discussed it and then if you're both agreeable we'll fix a time to get together. How does that sound?" Brenda was sounding like she was scheduling a bridge game, not an orgy.

Lynette said, "Ben, I'd like to go home right now. I have a headache." Ben nodded and got up from his chair. He looked like he had a lot to think about. Well, I had a lot to think about too.

After they left I said, "Would you mind filling me in on what's going on in that devious little mind of yours?"

"I've decided to get into a little swinging. I think it'll be fun."

I decided to try another approach. "Look honey, I'm sorry I cheated on you with Gloria. It was impulsive and I immediately regretted it. I haven't seen her since."

"Gloria? I didn't know about Gloria. I just knew about Susie. My goodness! You have been naughty." Me and my big mouth! I'd forgotten that my tryst with Gloria had been at the Travelodge.

"But you want to swap with Ben Taylor?" Ben Taylor is almost 40 years old. He is just over six feet tall with red hair and a ruddy complexion. I know he used to be quite athletic but with alcohol and inactivity, he's ballooned up to over 200 pounds and has a paunch that will only grow bigger. My wife Brenda, on the other hand, is 25, 5' 6" tall and 120 pounds. I can only describe her as a brunette beauty.

"Ben's probably not so bad," she replied. "I won't know until I get in the sack with him. Lynette is quite pretty. I don't think you'd ever kick her out of your bed." I couldn't deny that. Lynette was indeed attractive. Still, the thought of Ben Taylor laying his fat paws on Brenda just gave me the creeps.

"I'm against it and I won't cooperate." I was going to be obstinate.

"Then I'll just go ahead and sleep with Ben and to heck with you. If you can cheat on me with Gloria, Susie and who knows who else, I can cheat on you with Ben." Brenda was going to be as obstinate as me.

"Have you considered the possibility of an accident with Ben?" Brenda knew what I meant. We had decided we wanted to have a baby. She was off the pill and I'd been trying to get her pregnant for the past couple of months.

"There won't be an accident."

"How can you be so positive," I argued. "Are you going back on the pill? Condoms aren't that reliable."

"None of that is necessary. I'm already pregnant." I was stunned into silence for the second time that evening. I sat there for a moment while Brenda just smiled at me. The next thing I knew I was embracing my wife. We laughed and giggled like a couple of maniacs.

"Well, there's now another reason to dump this crazy idea of yours," I declared when we regained some semblance of calm. "I'd kill him if he somehow hurt you or the baby."

"I can handle him," Brenda tried to assure me but I wasn't convinced.

"Well, I think it's all academic anyway. You saw Lynette's reaction. She was completely against the idea of swapping."

"Oh, I don't doubt Ben's persuasive powers. He'll browbeat Lynette into going along with the idea."

I sighed in frustration. "I still don't understand why you want to go to bed with our neighbor."

Brenda giggled. "I guess I can try to explain now that my little secret is out. I know you think this is a crazy idea and the only things I can blame are these hormones coursing through my pregnant body."

"Maybe we can ask your doctor--"

"Just hear me out, Sam. Please!" I made a motion to zip my lip and sat back to listen. "I never liked Ben's overtures to me," Brenda began, "but I put up with them for the sake of good neighborly relations. That began to change recently when I found out I was pregnant. I told Ben I wasn't going to put up with it any longer but he wouldn't be persuaded. I began to hate him so much and that's when I came up with a plan for revenge."

"Going to bed with Ben sounds like you're giving him exactly what he wants. How is that revenge?"

"That's where you come in, Sam. I want you to take Lynette away from her husband. I want you to seduce her completely and make her your slut. Then I want you to force her to have your baby."

I gulped and said, "That's a pretty tall order. I don't think I can accomplish all that in one night."

"You'll have all the time you need. She's crazy about you. I've known that since we met them. Just handle her with your usual charm and then you'll have a sex slave on your hands."

I also knew Lynette liked me but I never thought to go after her. She was our next door neighbor. I was reminded of the old saying: don't shit in your own kitchen. That's why when I wandered; it was far away enough from home not to get caught. At least that's what I thought. "I'll do it," I said more to please her than actually thinking I could do it.

"Thank you, darling," Brenda said and gave me a hug. "After you take care of Lynette I want you to do the same to Britney."

"Britney?" I gasped. "B-but she's only eleven." She was also Ben's daughter from his second marriage. She was over for part of the summer visiting her father and step mother.

"I have confidence in you, Sam. By the way, she's started her periods. Lynette told me."

"I have confidence I'll be spending the rest of my life in prison for rape and child molestation if Ben doesn't kill me first." My darling wife had become a lunatic.

"I know you'll be taking a big risk, Sam but I really need you to do this for me. I feel like I'll die if you refuse." I looked into Brenda's face and saw desperate tears glistening in her eyes. That's what tipped me over the edge. I solemnly nodded in agreement. I was going to go on a suicide mission to please my pregnant wife.

Brenda was right. Within a week Ben dropped over and told us that Lynette was agreeable to the swap. We negotiated the ground rules and scheduling for our swap including use of condoms for Ben and I and birth control protection for the wives. We certainly didn't tell Ben about my wife's pregnancy. We agreed there should be no rough play that would risk physical injury to Brenda and Lynette. Our sex was going to be pretty straight and vanilla but that's the way Brenda and I wanted it. Britney was going to spend the night at a girlfriend's house that was just down the street. We also decided each swapping couple would have their privacy; I would spend the night next door and Brenda would stay at home and entertain Ben.

Brenda wanted me to treat Lynette as if she and I were on a romantic date. I had to agree. If I was going to ask her to go without her birth control protection and allow me to go bareback with her, I knew I had to get her on my side. Ben, I thought, was just hot to get between Brenda's legs. He'd likely take her straight into the sack.

I called Lynette with my proposal to take her out dining and dancing. She readily agreed. I think Lynette was relieved and grateful I wasn't going to treat her like a slut. Little she knew of my real plans for her. Still, I was as nervous as a teenager on his first date when I walked next door to meet Lynette.

"Lynette, your date's here," Ben yelled when he opened the door. He smirked at me as I entered the living room and already I wanted to call the whole thing off and just throttle the bastard. Ben was dressed casually and holding a bottle of wine. As I suspected, he intended to spend the evening in with Brenda.

Lynette walked in wearing a little black cocktail dress, high heels and black hose. I thought she looked quite sexy. Ben must have thought so too because he said, "Damn! Why don't you dress like that for me once in a while?"

"I would if you took me anywhere that called for it," Lynette replied and presented her back to her husband so he could zip up her dress.

Ben smiled and accomplished his assigned task. He turned to me and said, "Women are never fucking satisfied, are they." I shrugged my shoulders. "Well, have fun, kids. Don't do anything I wouldn't," he added. He thought that statement was very funny and I could hear him chuckling to himself as he walked out the door.

I took Lynette to one of the better restaurants in town. Even though we had known each other for almost two years, I felt like I was meeting a stranger for the first time. Lynette, I'm sure, felt the same way because we had several awkward silences. Also, I couldn't help worrying about how Brenda was doing in Ben's clutches. A little wine eventually helped a lot and we began to enjoy each other's company. We danced at a small club nearby and then returned home. I'd been a complete gentleman up to that time.

The lights were out in my house and I was half hoping Brenda had kicked out Ben. I was out of luck there. No one else was home when Lynette and I got inside her house and Ben's car hadn't moved. Lynette poured drinks and handed me one. "I wish we were getting together under different circumstances," she said. "I feel so used by Ben ... and your wife." I nodded in understanding although I didn't like her speaking ill of Brenda. Still, I could sympathize with her point of view.

"We don't have to do anything tonight, Lynette. We could see each other another time ... when we're not being manipulated ... by others ... because we want to be together. Would you prefer that?" I know I was laying it on a bit thick but Lynette was impressed with my little speech.

She put her drink down, embraced me and snuggled her head on my chest. "You just wiped out all the bad feelings I had about tonight, Sam. We don't have to wait now. I don't want to wait. I think ... no, I know I'm falling in love with you."

"Just don't forget that I'm never going to leave Brenda." I was already feeling like a cad and didn't want Lynette too emotionally invested with me. After all, if things worked out like I hoped I'd be soon treating her like my personal slut.

"I'd like to mean more to you than that girl at the Holiday Inn," Lynette replied, "but I'll let you make the decisions for both of us."

"You already mean more to me," I said and kissed her for the first time. Lynette responded enthusiastically and we were soon exploring each other's body with our hands. I started to lead Lynette to the sofa where we could continue to make out but she instead pulled me in the direction of the master bedroom. She had other plans.

I unzipped her dress when we stepped into the bedroom and watched her slip off the garment. Underneath Lynette was wearing a black strapless bra with matching panties and garter belt holding up her stockings. I felt my prick thickening in my pants. I wanted to take her just as she was. "Wait for me," I urged. I quickly slipped out of my own clothes while Lynette stood there patiently. I could tell she was proud of her body and I couldn't fault her for that. In some ways her physical build was superior to Brenda's and my wife isn't too shabbily built either. One thing both Lynette and Brenda both had in common were child-bearing hips. The thought of putting Lynette with child was more appealing to me by the moment although the prospect of doing the same to Britney still bothered me. I still hoped Brenda called off that part of the plan. I embraced my neighbor's wife once again. She could feel my prick poking her in the belly.

"Are you protected?"

"Not yet. I'll be right back," she whispered. She was going to insert her protection and I wondered if I could talk her out of it.

"I want you just as you are," I replied. Lynette looked back at me with more than a little apprehension. I think she understood perfectly what I wanted.

"I ... I think I'll be safe tonight," Lynette said. She looked shy and vulnerable now. My prick felt even harder than before.

"I'm not talking about just tonight."

"Ben doesn't want any more children. He made that clear before we married. He'll tell me to get an abortion if I'm impregnated and will divorce me if I refuse." Lynette wasn't pleading with me. She was just telling me facts.

"I'd want you to have my child," I said. I wasn't going to make it easy for Lynette. Would Ben's wife submit to my wishes or refuse me? It would save me a lot of time and effort if she surrendered now.

"Just tell me you love me, Sam, and I'll risk anything for you," said Lynette.

"I do love you, Lynette," I replied and I think I was telling her the truth.

"Then fuck me," Lynette replied. "Make me pregnant. Give me your child to carry, Sam, even if Ben divorces me for it. I'm yours to do with as you please." She lay back on the bed and I climbed between the lovely woman's legs. I moved aside the crotch of Lynette's thong and inserted my prick into my neighbor's cunt without much ceremony. I'm fucking Ben's wife was my first thought and it gave me a grim satisfaction to be doing so. Yeah, but Ben is fucking your wife was my second thought. That thought pissed me off. I couldn't stand the thought of Ben fucking Brenda probably at this very moment. I started thinking how sneaky Ben had with my wife, sneaking around my back, groping and fondling her. It didn't matter that I was fucking Lynette. I didn't want him touching Brenda. I just knew Ben wasn't a condom with Brenda. The bastard! I didn't want him spraying his filthy semen into the womb where my child was growing.

I was so angry I started pounding into Lynette's cunt, likely bruising it like I was a rapist mad man. She was grunting in pain. There was fear written over her face and tears were starting from her eyes. I didn't care. I wanted to hurt her. I wanted her to know she'd made a mistake agreeing to this swap. I wanted Lynette to send me away, to tell Ben she wanted nothing more to do with me. I wanted to go home and tell Brenda that I'd failed to please Ben's wife and there would be no more swapping. I was ready to cum. "Here it is you stupid filthy slut. I'm putting my bastard in your belly," I shouted. I pushed Lynette's knees against her shoulders trying to achieve maximum penetration, to make her feel as helpless and humiliated as possible. I held the poor woman in that position as I unloaded my sperm deep inside her. I had started the evening as Jekyll and now I was Hyde. I pulled out of Lynette and she unfolded like a rag doll. We were both gasping for breath. I lay back to rest and waited for the recriminations to start, to be ordered out of her house. That was just what I wanted.

"You hurt me," Lynette said after a while. I shrugged my shoulders as if I didn't care that I hurt her.

"I love rough sex," I replied.

"I do too."

"Huh?"

"I never had rough sex before tonight. You scared me at first but then I loved the way you treated me. I love you more than ever, Sam." Lynette cuddled up against me and threw her leg over mine. "I hope it's like this every time." Sheesh! The bitch loved it rough.


-------
To be continued
-------
 
