Like lots of "old farts" I have routines and am pretty set in my ways. One such routine for me is to get up, do the three S's and go buy a newspaper and coffee at a local convenience store. Their service and coffee are good and sometimes I break down and buy a "sticky bun". They actually bake them on site and they are good. Another reason to go there is Tiffany.
Tiffany looks to be about 16 but I know that she is at least 21 because I've seen her ring up beer. She has absolutely beautiful curly auburn hair and gray- green eyes. Her skin is pale for Florida but what I can see is flawless. (I guess she's not one of our many local nudists.) If she wears any make-up I can't see it. Her body is a little thick which contributes to that younger look. It looks like "baby fat". Her tits are smallish but one day I saw her come out of the cooler and her nipples were pretty puffy. I could imagine what they might look like.
Lots of people, men and woman, comment on her hair, as have I. She always seems to have a ready welcoming smile. I usually address her as 'dear', 'hon', or 'doll'. The last makes her blush a little. I like to flirt and at my age that is really all it is. One day I told her that she had the most beautiful eyes I had ever seen. I meant it. Her white skin turned crimson as she thanked me. When she handed me my change her hand lingered a little. As I walked to the car I thought "No fool like an old fool."
One morning I walked in and was disappointed to not see her at the counter but as I went up an aisle I saw her on her knees stocking a shelf. "Good morning gorgeous." I said. She looked up and reddened.
"That's a new one. Why do you call me all those nice names?" I told her I like to make her blush but that I was just a harmless old guy. Then I added that all were true. She was certainly gorgeous and that any guy who was lucky enough to have her as a girlfriend should be telling her that every day. She looked up at me and said. "You don't really make me blush. It's more like a flush. I look forward to seeing you in here every morning."
"Do you know that I have grand kids that are probably older than you?"
"So? I have read that some older men really know how to treat a girl." She was done with her stocking and I helped her to her feet. "See; my boyfriend wouldn't do that. Let me talk to my manager, take my break early and we can go outside and talk. I'll meet you in your car. I know which one it is." I paid for my purchases and went to my car, started it, turned the AC on full and waited.
She came out in about 5 minutes and I got out and opened the door for her. She looked at me and said, "That's what I mean." I pointed the vents directly at her and watched as her nipples grew. I was trying hard not to stare but she caught me anyway. "They're too small." I assured her that they were perfect to me, as was the rest of her body. Then I pushed and asked what she wanted to talk about.
She took a deep breath. "First of all I'm a virgin." I stopped her right there and told her that at my age I probably wasn't the guy to fix that. "I don't want that fixed. I want to be a virgin until my wedding night. I take care of my boy friend by 'you know' but he won't take care of me! I've heard that older men can be really good at it and I want it badly!" I acknowledged that at my age I had quite a bit of experience with it and really loved to do it. I added that any guy who didn't was an idiot and I'd be happy to help her out.
"Of course I'll take care of you as well if you can still..." I told her I could but it would take a bit of patience on her part. "I'll have all night." She reached over and squeezed my dick.
I said, "Do you enjoy doing it? I don't want you to be uncomfortable at all. I can be down there for you all night. I do actually love it. But when do we start?"
"When you say patience how long do you mean? It sometimes only takes me about a minute to finish off my boyfriend. He is a little stinky so I don't really like it, but I like him and want to please him. My shift is over at 4:00. I'll go home and take a shower and meet you somewhere. I have stocking duty all day and I'll be pretty sweaty by the time I'm done." I thought about telling her that I like sweaty pussy but figured that might gross her out. I pulled out the little memo pad that I carry and wrote down my address and phone.
"I have yard work to do and maybe you could just come straight there. We could shower together. It's one of my favorite things. We can wash each other's parts. I won't be stinky but it could take you an hour or so to put me over the top. I plan on spending a lot more time pleasing you."
"Deal" she said. "I better get some Chap Stick." She said with a giggle. "I know that neighborhood and I'll be there at 4:10 at the latest." She gave me a kiss on the cheek and my cock another squeeze and went back to work.
She arrived at 4:05. She looked nervous. "Are you OK?" I asked.
"A little nervous but ready. Anything I ever did for my boyfriend was spontaneous. We never planned anything. This seems a little weird but I am truly ready." I asked, reluctantly if she was ready for a shower. I really could have just dived into that sweet, sweaty, virgin pussy.
"No intercourse, right?" I promised not to fuck her. (I didn't use that word because she seemed so innocent.) She started to pull her shirt up but I stopped her.
"Please allow me." I said. She dropped her hands and I slowly lifted her shirt over her arms. Her bra was the run of the mill type cotton with maybe a little padding. I reached behind her and released the catch. Nothing moved. Her tits were that firm. I pulled the straps down off her shoulders and her tits were just as I had imagined, they were small, firm, and with smallish but puffy nipples. I told her they were almost as beautiful as her eyes.
"My boyfriend has never seen them. He touches them but I've never been naked in front of a man before." I didn't comment on her idiot boyfriend but moved my hands down to her waist. I unzipped her fly and unbuttoned the catch.
"Are you truly ready for this? I'll stop if you want me to."
"Please don't!" I pulled her shorts and panties down at the same time and knelt in front of her to take them off her feet. She had a nice fine fluffy bush of auburn colored hair. Her scent was so strong that I really wanted to just start licking.
"Absolutely perfect" I said. She blushed, or flushed.
"Can I undress you now", she asked. I told her to please do so. She started to unbutton my shirt and looked me in the eyes the entire time she fidgeted with the buttons. I shrugged the shirt off my shoulders and she rubbed her hands across my chest. "I didn't know that guy's nipples reacted like that too." She then started to work on my belt. Her hands were shaking a bit and I held them and told her to just relax and let nature take its course. Once the belt was off she unbuttoned my shorts and unzipped my fly. She pulled my shorts down to my ankles and I kicked them off.
Then she knelt in front of me and pulled my boxers down. She looked at my still flaccid cock and looked up at me, "Oh my god." she said. "That is huge! My boyfriend likes it when I take him all in but he just fills my mouth. That would have to go all the way down my throat! I don't think I can do that with you. Has anyone ever been able to?"
I told her that a few women I knew years ago could but that was not what was important tonight. Tonight was about her. I told her I was surprised when they did get me down and when I asked them how they managed they told me their secrets. "If you want to ever do this again I'll be glad to coach you in their methods."
I pulled her to her feet and said, "Let's get in the shower." I really would have rather not washed all her scent away but tonight I was there to please her. I turned on the jets and asked if she wanted me to wash her hair first. She said that it took too long to dry and she was in a bit of a hurry. I asked what the hurry was and thought she had said she had all night.
"I do. But I'm very anxious to have you please me!" I kept her head dry but was thorough with the rest of her magnificent young body.
"Can I wash you now?" she asked. I told her that of course she could and she lathered me up and held me close, rubbing her pert tits against my upper stomach. It felt like heaven and I told her so. We rinsed, got out and I grabbed an extra towel from the vanity. We dried each other and I led her to the bed.
"You're sure?" I asked. She nodded her assent. I gently pushed her back so she laid down and then I dropped to my knees between her legs. I started with those cute tits and worked them for quite a while. That brought her to the edge. Next, I slowly moved down with my tongue doing swirls around her navel and then her Mons of Venus. I dropped down further, started at her knees and worked my way slowly up her inner thighs. I rolled her legs up and let my tongue linger a bit around her anus and continued to move up. She was writhing pretty well by then but I took my time. Why rush a good thing? By the time I got to her clit she was really ready and just a few sucks on it put her way over the edge. I had to hold on tight because she was bucking like a rodeo bronco. I had never experienced a woman cuming so hard. I kept it up for about 10 minutes, working that clit with my tongue, lips, and gently with my teeth.
She was bathed in sweat and exhausted. I curled up next to her and just held her, telling her how good she tasted and felt.
"Isn't it my turn?" she asked. I told her that whenever she was ready, I was.
She asked if she could take a nap first and I said," Sure, I'm pretty certain you know what I'd like to wake- up to." She smiled and told me I could count on it. We both fell asleep in the spoon position. It was only about 6:00 but I had been up late the night before and I knew she must get up pretty early to take care of all that hair.
At 9:00 I woke to an empty bed. 'Nothing like an old fool', I thought. Then I could hear the sound of her tinkling in the bathroom. I pretended to go back to sleep, hoping that she wasn't leaving. I just laid there as I heard the toilet flush and her wash her hands. She came in and took my cock in her mouth. "This is your wake-up call!" I turned on a low light and watched her in action. She clearly was not skilled at it but it still felt great. After about 20 minutes I still wasn't really hard and she pulled back and asked."Am I doing something wrong?" I assured her that it felt great but that at my age things just took longer. "I've only ever sucked one cock and he would have blown by now, let alone not get really hard."
I was surprised to hear her say 'cock'. All of our conversations so far had avoided words like that. "I told you that it might take patience." She got up and went to her purse, pulled out a tube of Chap Stick, and applied it to her lips.
"It's OK; I actually enjoy taking your pulse with my tongue." She said with a smile. "After what you just did for me, though, I want to be the best cock- sucker you ever knew! Teach me how to get it all down."
I told her it would actually be easier when she got me a little harder and to use more tongue and not rely so much on just sucking. "Lick my balls and then work your tongue slowly up my shaft until you get to the head." She did so and it felt and looked great. "Swirl your tongue around the head. There is a little spot on the bottom of the helmet that is the most sensitive. Keep your eyes open and look at me. You'll know from my reaction when your tongue has hit that spot." She did it and found it. I told her, "Beautiful eyes and wonderful tongue. Now just keep doing that over and over, sucking a little at the end of each pass. Just keep it slow." After about 4 times she had me hard enough to go to the next step.
"Now take me in your mouth without sucking. Sucking constricts your throat. When I touch the back of your throat it may make you gag. Only practice can get you over that."
"When I do my boyfriend he just reaches that spot and I got over the gagging."
"Good; but when you get me at that place I'll still have 3 or 4 more inches to feed you. When I'm there stick your tongue out, try and relax your throat, and swallow while you push your head down on me. Keep your eyes open and breathe through your nose. She did it and got almost the whole thing in.
"I got close didn't I." she said with a smile. "I'll try again." She did and by the fifth try got me all down.
"Gotcha; now can I go back to licking and sucking? My throat hurts a bit and I want your cum." I told her to go ahead and that I was pretty ready to deliver. It only took her a few more minutes and I blew in her mouth. She looked a little surprised but swallowed it all. "Wow, you taste good. My boyfriend tastes awful. I always spit his out, brush my teeth, and use mouthwash."
"It's all about what we eat and drink." I told her. "They say that every man and woman tastes different. I have also learned that diet plays a big part in that. I try and eat a lot of fruit every day. From how sweet your pussy tastes I'd guess that you eat a few of those sticky buns each week. I can even taste the cinnamon. If you really liked my cum there are a few drops left for you." I pressed at the base while I milked a bit more out.
She licked it clean and sucked a bit more as she repeated what I had just done. "Yummy" she said as she looked up at me and smiled. She came up next to me and asked if she could kiss me. I told that of course she could. "It doesn't bother you with what was just in my mouth?"
"How can a man expect a woman to swallow what he is afraid to taste?" She moved over and we kissed deeply, our tongues exploring each others. She told me her boyfriend wouldn't kiss her after she sucked him and I again resisted the urge to tell her that her boyfriend seemed to be an asshole.
"I told you I wanted to be the best cock-sucker you ever knew. How many women have sucked that thing?"
"I didn't keep count but I would guess 100 or so." She looked at me with shock. I added, "It was a long time ago and in a really different age."
"Where do I rate? You said that only a few had been able to get you all down so that's got to put me near the top." I told her she was very near the top. She pouted a bit and said, I want to be number 1!"
"Do you really like how I taste?" she asked. I told her I'd love to taste more of her now and in the future but that my age I was probably done cuming until tomorrow. "I think we can do both." she said with a confident smile. "I found your magic spots." I pulled her up so she was straddling my head and her pussy was at my lips. I kissed it and she shuddered. Then I pressed my tongue into her. That was difficult because she was so tight. Everything I had done before was pretty much centered on her clit, except for that brief excursion to her anus, so this was the first time I tongue fucked her. She loved it and came hard. I turned her around so she was facing my cock and pulled her to my lips again.
She saw, and took, the opportunity to go down and begin sucking my cock. She had indeed found my 'magic spots'. She pressed her thumb down on the major vein at the base of my cock and worked the head with a swirling tongue. She had me hard in about 5 minutes. She kept her thumb there to hold the blood in as she took me all the way in 4 or 5 times. As she did that I began licking her anus and she really seemed to enjoy it. In only 10 minutes I blew. She turned around and kissed me hard. "You're a quick study." I said.
"You're a great teacher." She replied. "Now about what you were up to down there; is that healthy?" I told her that after a good shower her anus was just as clean as her mouth. I then asked her if she liked it, knowing she did. "It felt great but it was a little shocking. I know you were close to it the first time. But spent more time and actually licked it this time. Can I do it for you?" I was tempted to tell her to go ahead but I wanted to save some things for the future.
"How about the next time we meet you give me a nice back massage and then do that followed by sucking my cock while I'm still on my stomach. It's one of the favorite combination of things done for me."
"Is next time tomorrow?" she asked. I told her I hoped so and asked if she was working the same shift. "Same time, same place." She snuggled up close to me. "Thank you for tonight. I'll see you in the morning." She fell asleep in my arms and I in hers.
I woke at 4:30 and could hear the shower running and her singing some nameless tune. I was tempted to join her but didn't want to make her late for work. Next, I heard the hair dryer and I fell back asleep. I woke when she came into the bedroom and bent over to kiss my cock. "Goodbye precious." she said to it. "I'll take care of you later." She moved up and kissed my lips. "Boy that was tempting. I'd like to suck you off right now but I can't be late. I'll see you at your usual time?"
"Count on it. I am." I answered, giving her butt a little squeeze. She kissed my cock again and I went back to sleep, hoping it hadn't just all been a dream. It wasn't.