T09 Spoils of Victory {Titmouse} (MFF,MF,rape)
----------------------------------------------
WARNING NOTICE: 
 
   The following story is erotic fiction and includes 
descriptions of explicit sex.  If you are a minor or
if such things may offend you, quit reading now.
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

                 Spoils of Victory

                    by Titmouse
           (C)1997, All Rights Reserved



	They dragged three women into my tent and threw 
them onto the ground.  Two of them were blonde and 
weeping, the third dark-haired and defiant.
	"Where does the black-haired one come from?" I 
asked.  "Aren't the Morovians all blond?"
	"She's a princess of some other tribe, my lord -- a 
hostage."  Arnulf reached down and yanked her hair.  
"Wipe that look off your face, bitch!"
	Sparks leaped into her eyes and red into her 
cheeks.  With clawed fingers, she shot her hand toward 
Arnulf balls.  He danced backward out of her reach just 
in time, then stepped forward, open hand raised to slap 
her.  She made no move to duck the blow.
	"No," I said quickly, and Arnulf let his hand drop. 
"She'll pay for her bad manners by being my partner for 
this little celebration."  He turned to look at me.  
"You can have both the blondes," I told him.
	A sly smile crossed Arnulf's face.  He nodded, and 
turned his attention to the pair.
	"Come," he said, intending to take them to his 
tent.  But again I contradicted him.
	"Stay," I invited him.  "You can entertain me by 
entertaining yourself with them here.  I'm sure our 
little vixen will find it interesting and enlightening."
	As always, Arnulf caught my mood.  He knew he was 
free to do as he wished with them, that the more he did 
the more I would enjoy his dalliance with them.  Since 
that was what he wanted anyway, there was no 
disagreement.  And this was by no means the first time 
we had celebrated a victory together.
	"Come," he said again, grasping each of the blondes 
by a wrist.  This time, however, he dragged them toward 
the corner and the pile of rugs and cushions there.  
Both tried to resist, so he threw them, one after the 
other, into a heap in the corner.  Arnulf was stronger 
even than I, and especially so when the lust was on him 
as it was now.
	Both girls appeared to be only shortly beyond 
childhood, perhaps fourteen or fifteen years, as was 
their darker companion.  One was small, somewhat thin, 
with small breasts, but otherwise a woman's shape.  The 
other was taller and plumper, with broader hips and 
large breasts for her age.  
	It was clear they had some inkling of what awaited 
them, as both huddled in the corner,  their knees drawn 
up into defensive positions with arms wrapped around 
their heads.  If they understood Arnulf's barked 
commands to undress, they showed no sign of it, only 
ducking their heads as he roared at them.
	Reclining on my couch, I extended a hand to the 
dark-haired girl, expressionless.  She looked at it, 
then into my eyes, trying to read them.  I kept my 
expression blank, as always.  When she hesitated, I 
gestured toward Arnulf, who was hovering threateningly 
over the two blondes, and then repeated my invitation.  
She glanced over her shoulder at that scene, guessed its 
meaning, and made her choice.  
	Cautiously, she reached out and took my hand.  I 
pulled her to me, turning her so that she sat with her 
back toward me, then guiding her to stretch out in front 
of me with both of us facing toward Arnulf and his two 
playmates.  I wrapped my arms around her, avoiding 
direct contact with her small breasts.  She was tense 
and shivering, but she made no move to struggle  against 
me.
	Arnulf, meeting no success in his efforts to 
undress the girls verbally, took matters into his own 
hands.  He pulled one of the two girls to her feet in 
front of him, gripped her dress at the bodice, and in 
one vicious downward jerk ripped it into two pieces.  
The girl shrieked and tried vainly to pull the two 
halves together to cover herself.  
	The other chose that moment to try to escape.  She 
was halfway to the tent's opening when Arnulf caught her 
around the ankle, sending her sprawling.  He jerked her 
back toward him, which caused her loose dress to slide 
almost up to her waist.  When she tried to push it down 
with her hands, Arnulf cracked her across the face with 
a sharp blow.  When her hands flew up to protect her 
face, hw grabbed her bodice and ripped her dress open.  
Quick work, even for Arnulf.
	I was in no mood to baby the dark-haired girl, 
myself, but I was content for the moment to let Arnulf 
have center stage.  She was not turning away from his 
activities.  Indeed, she watched Arnulf carefully, 
trembling slightly.  She was very aware of me, too.  I 
pulled her back into my chest.  My arms, still wrapped 
around her, nudged the underside of her young tits.  
Through the soft material of her dress, I could feel 
them against my arm, small and firm.
	"Do you understand me?" I asked her in my native 
tongue.  She looked at me out of the corner of her eye, 
then shrugged her shoulders.  I repeated the question in 
the Morovian tongue.  She hesitated, the gave a quick 
nod of her head.
	"Obey me and you will live," I said.  "I will hurt 
you if you disobey me.  Please me and you will be safe. 
Do you understand?"
	Again she gave me a quick nod.  "Good," I said, and 
laid back against the cushions again, pulling her back 
against me.  I decided to watch Arnulf for the moment.
	Arnulf had both of the girls backed into a corner, 
their tattered dresses hanging from their bodies.  
Gesturing to the smaller girl to stay put, he pulled the 
larger girl to him.  She was whimpering, but she did not 
resist.  He raised her to her feet.
	Arnulf looked her over, causing the girl to blush 
and lower her head.  She pulled her knees together, 
crossing one leg slightly over the other, and wrapped 
her arms across her breasts.  Her pale bush peeked from 
between her thighs; her voluptuous breasts spilled 
around her arms.  He took her arms and pulled them away 
from her chest, exposing a pair of milk-white tits with 
large pink centers capped by somewhat rosier nipples.
	He dropped her arms.  When the girl started to fold 
them across her breasts again, he slapped an arm and 
grunted "No!"  The girl bowed her head and let her arms 
hang at her sides.
	Arnulf took a lamp from the sidewall and, holding 
it in his left hand, let the light play over her body.  
He reached down and tapped the thigh which crossed in 
front of her womanhood, then slapped it more forcefully 
when she did not react immediately.  With a whimper, the 
girl straightened her legs.  Arnulf pressed on a thigh 
and she spread her legs in a slight straddle, turning 
her face as far away from him as possible.
	He lowered the lamp so that it shone on the center 
of her body.  From my side of the tent, I could see just 
the slightest hint of the crease between her legs, 
covered with a light fuzz.  Arnulf reached down with his 
other hand and cupped it over her young pussy, prompting 
a choked-off cry from the girl.  He stroked her mound 
for a moment.  I could see that his middle finger was 
sliding in the crease each time he dragged his hand 
forward.
	Arnulf dropped his hand and replaced the lamp.  He 
noticed that the other girl no longer had her head 
wrapped in her arms but was watching him and her plumper 
friend.  He grinned wickedly at her, which caused her to 
blush and turn away.
	"Look!" he said to her, grabbing the girl in front 
of him and spinning her about so that she faced toward 
her friend.  Wrapping one arm around her, Arnulf dropped 
his other hand to her middle.  Forcing her thighs apart 
again, he spread the lips of her pussy with his fingers, 
displaying her opening to her friend.  Ignoring the 
girl's repeated protests, he pushed his middle finger up 
and down her slit.
	The girl was crying now, barely supporting herself 
and hanging from Arnulf's arm.  Although their backs 
were toward me, I could tell the moment he began to 
insert the finger into her from the sharp intake of her 
breath and a panicked cry of "No!"  Arnulf ignored her 
and kept forcing his finger into her.
	"She's tight!" he told me over his shoulder.  He 
removed his hand and spat onto his fingers, then 
returned them to the girl's slit.  He worked the liquid 
around briefly and then began to push his finger back up 
into her, bringing renewed cries.
	Her friend was trying not to look, but her wide 
open panicked eyes kept sliding across the other girl's 
middle and the intruding finger, looking away only to 
return a moment later.  Her face showed a strange mix of 
fear and excitement.
	Suddenly, the girl in his arms gave a sharp cry and 
tried to jerk away from Arnulf.  
	"A virgin!" he exulted.  "There's been nothing in 
here -- except maybe a tongue!"  The girl was sobbing 
quietly, now, repeatedly murmuring "No" and "Please" in 
her crude tongue.  She did not sound as if she expected 
it to matter.
	Arnulf walked her over until her virgin pussy 
loomed over her friend.  Commanding the smaller girl to 
look, he manipulated the pussy lips, spreading them, 
running his finger between them salaciously, dipping his 
middle finger into the narrow channel and wiggling it in 
there.  
	Then, with gestures and curses, he told the 
reclining girl to do the same to herself.  At first, she 
did not understand what he wanted.  Then, with a little 
gasp and a quick blush, she realized his meaning.  She 
turned her head away from him.  Arnulf threw her plumper 
friend down beside her and cuffed her.  Then he grabbed 
her hand and forcefully directed it between her thighs, 
covering her small hand with his larger one and pressing 
her fingers into her own cunt.  She refused to look at 
him, but her fingers stayed between her legs, moving 
slowly.
	The dark girl in my arms gave a shudder, whether of 
terror or passion I cared not.  I raised my left hand to 
cup her right breast, still clasping her back to me, and 
kneaded it gently.  My prick nudged her buttocks.  She 
did not pull away, but nestled her slim hips against me.
	Arnulf pulled the plumper girl toward him until she 
and the younger girl were lying side by side.  
Brusquely, he pushed her thighs apart and lowered her 
face to the girl's slit.  Ignoring her plaintive cries, 
Arnulf began to lick at the lips of her cunt and to 
stick his tongue between them, waggling it up and down. 
Hearing the slurping noises, the smaller girl opened 
her eyes.  I saw them widen as she realized what Arnulf 
was doing.  Her hand faltered at its work in her own 
pussy, but her eyes carefully watched the attention her 
friend was receiving.
	Looking up, Arnulf snorted and raised his head.  He 
grabbed the smaller girl's hand and pushed it into her 
friend's crotch.  Then, after pushing at her fingers to 
get her started, he transferred his attentions to her 
cunt.  Dropping his head, he began to lick the smaller 
girl's pussy.  Soon, he had each of the girls with a 
hand in the other's lap, stroking and circling, while he 
transferred his wet, lapping tongue from one pussy to 
the other.
  	I cupped the dark girl's breast more firmly with my 
hand and felt her arch her back, thrusting her tit into 
the palm of my hand and pushing her buttocks back 
against my prick.  Arnulf has his ways, and I have mine. 
I let my other hand drift slowly down her body, 
touching lightly on her ribs, across her stomach, along 
the indentation of her waist, up the thrust of her hip 
and onto the front of her thigh.  I pressed with my hand 
and pulled her hips back against me, rubbing her ass 
against my hard cock.  The dark-haired girl nestled back 
against me.
	Arnulf had a finger in each of the girls, now.  
Both of them were crying, but neither dared to stop 
fingering each other, for Arnulf would slap them if they 
did.  With slathering, slurping noises and grunts, he 
worked his probing tongue between their circling fingers 
and his own penetrating ones to lick their young cunts. 
He pulled a finger out of the small girl and reached up 
to fondle her titties and then those of her friend.
	"Aaagggh!" Arnulf said.  He pushed back onto hands 
and knees and then stood.  Fumbling briefly at the waist 
of his trousers, he found the tie at last and pulled it 
open.  He dropped his pants and pulled off his 
undergarment.  I saw his large organ pop free, hard as 
flint, curving upward with tension.
	Both girls cried out in terror.  The taller blond 
scrabbled her feet, trying to push herself backward and 
away.  Arnulf dropped to his knees, forced apart her 
locked thighs with his strong arms and crawled up 
between her legs.  He wrapped an arm around the smaller 
girl, dragging her upward with him, throwing her 
facedown across her friend and binding both of them with 
a hand on her back.
	With her torso pinned down by the smaller girl, the 
taller of the two could not escape. Arnulf reached down 
between them, grasped his cock firmly and guided it to 
the entrance of her virgin cunt.  The girl shrieked at 
the touch of his prick in that unviolated place, and 
threw herself from side to side.
	"Hold still!" Arnulf commanded, and cuffed her 
head.  He threw himself forward, pinning both girls with 
his body, and renewed his efforts.  Twice he almost had 
her until she dislodged him with a sudden twist of her 
hips.  Angrily, he pushed forward again and managed to 
get the head of his cock well placed.  He shoved his 
butt forward and lodged the head of his prick in the 
virgin pussy, accompanied by another shriek of fear and 
pain from the girl.
	"God dammit!" Arnulf roared, and drove his cock 
into her mercilessly, forcing it all the way into her in 
one mighty surge.  The girl was suddenly silent, and a 
quick glance showed that she had fainted.  Arnulf pushed 
the smaller girl, who was still trapped between them, to 
one side and began to shove his prick in and out of the 
unconscious girl.
	By this time, I was rubbing the inner thigh of the 
dark-haired girl still wrapped in my arms.  At first, 
she had tensed at my touch, but after a few moments had 
allowed her legs to relax.  I moved my hand down to the 
hem of her dress, which was around her knees, and 
slipped my fingers under it to her bare leg.  She made a 
soft cry in the back of her throat, but made no move to 
reject me.  I stroked my hand along her silky thigh.
	Arnulf was pumping his cock in and out of the 
larger girl, who had recovered consciousness.  
Unresisting now, she lay flat on her back with her arms 
above her head.  Her legs were raised and spread by the 
massive weight between her thighs.  Arnulf's large cock 
slid in and out of her, streaked with the red of her 
virgin tribute to the goddess.  
	Suddenly, Arnulf wrenched himself backward, pulling 
his prick out of the girl.  She rolled to one side, 
drawing up her knees.  He turned to her smaller friend 
and pried her legs apart, pushing his torso between 
them.  The girl cried out and whipped her head back and 
forth.  She put her hands against Arnulf's chest, but 
she was not strong enough to hold him away.  His heavy 
weight forced her thighs wide, and once again he pushed 
the head of his cock against a young cunt.
	Perhaps, having seen the punishment her friend's 
resistance had cost her, this one decided to meet her 
fate directly.  Her eyes were tightly shut, but she made 
no effort to wiggle away from Arnulf's assault on her 
most private part.  Lubricated by his previous invasion 
of the other girl's slit, Arnulf's engorged prick worked 
slowly into her.  She cried out several times in pain 
and stuffed her mouth with the remnants of her dress, 
but she lay there and let him skewer her small pussy 
with his large cock.
  	He went much more slowly this time, rutting forward 
and back in small hunches of his groin, pulling back 
slightly and penetrating a little deeper with each push. 
She was tighter in her sex channel even than her young 
friend, and it took many little pushes until Arnulf 
could get all of his large cock into her.
	I slid my hand all the way up to the soft lips of 
my dark-haired beauty's cunt.  They were damp with 
excitement, much to my delight.  I let my fingers play 
around her wet lips, stroking my finger between them and 
rubbing across the little nub at the top of the opening. 
Her breath hissed between her teeth.  She twisted in my 
arms to face me, burying her face in my neck.  I 
continued to stroke her.
	Arnulf was having better luck with his second 
victim.  She was meeting his thrusts now, lifting her 
hips slightly to help him penetrate to the depths of her 
pussy.  She was whimpering in time to Arnulf's thrusts 
into her.  Her arms, which had hammered against his 
chest when he took her, were now wrapped behind his 
neck.  Arnulf pushed all the way into her cunt and 
rocked back and forth.  One of his hands was wrapped 
around the other girl's arm, holding her close to them.
	"See!" he told her, though she did not understand 
him, "that's the way to do it!  Put your heart in it.  
See how she fucks me back?  That's the way."
	He humped into the small girl's pussy, sliding his 
big prick in and out of her tight channel.  The girl was 
indeed aiding him now.  Her quivering thighs were spread 
wide to let him in and raised to ensure that he got as 
deep as possible.  As he plowed in and out of her, she 
rolled her hips around, making his cock work back and 
forth inside her pussy.
	But the other girl's failure to appreciate his 
efforts seemed to weigh on Arnulf.  With a growl, he 
pulled out of the small girl.  He turned her around on 
her back, so that her head was facing toward his knees. 
Grabbing her bigger friend, he pulled her to her knees, 
making her straddle across the other.  Putting a hand 
behind her neck, he forced her face down into the small 
girl's pussy.
	"Eat it!" he ordered.  "Lick it!  It's sweet!  Kiss 
it!  Use your tongue!"  Holding her head down with one 
hand behind her neck, with his other hand he threw the 
tattered dress that still hung from one shoulder up onto 
her back.  Then, gripping his cock in his free hand, he 
fed it into the blood-tinted pussy of the violated 
virgin.  He moved his hands to her waist, watching that 
she kept her mouth in the small girl's cunt, and began 
to pull her hips back and forth, making her stretched 
pussy slide up and down his prick.
	The smaller girl, on her back beneath both of them, 
had a clear view of Arnulf's massive cock as it slid in 
and out of the other's cunt.  She couldn't help but 
watch, although her eyes would close occasionally in 
response to the tongue working on her own channel.  Her 
friend was crying, mixing her tears with the fluids of 
mouth and pussy, and whimpering constantly in complaint.
	"Shut up," Arnulf said, "or I'll give you something 
real to cry about."  He slammed his cock into her 
viciously.  The flesh of her buttocks quivered with each 
forceful push.  She cried out in protest, raising her 
mouth from the small girl's slit.
	The dark-haired girl in my arms was panting, now, 
and pushing her wet pussy against my intruding finger.  
I slid a finger into her, meeting no resistance but 
finding her delightfully tight.  She squirmed on my 
finger, humping her hips forward greedily to get more of 
it inside her.
	Pulling my finger out of her, I quickly untied my 
pants and pulled my undergarment aside.  I took her hand 
and guided it down below my waist to brush my hard cock. 
Tentatively, gingerly, she wrapped her delicate fingers 
around its length.  I folded mine over hers and 
squeezed, then moved our hands up and down its length 
together.  She got the idea quickly and continued to 
stroke me when I returned my hand to her pussy and 
slipped a finger into her again.  She moaned, spread her 
thighs to accept me, and hunched her hips forward to 
thrust my finger deeper.
	Across the tent, Arnulf was angry with the 
continued complaints of the larger blonde, who kept 
saying "no, no" and pulling her head up from between the 
thighs of her friend only to have it slammed back down 
by a shove from Arnulf's hand.
	"God dammit!" he shouted, "I'll give you something 
to complain about!"  He pulled back, sliding his cock 
out of her pussy.  Bracing it with his hand, he pointed 
it higher to the hole above.  Wrapping an arm around her 
waist to hold her pinned, he pushed the head of his cock 
against the tightly puckered rose of her ass.
	The girl shrieked in pain, but Arnulf just kept 
pushing.  He got the head of his prick in her and, no 
longer needing to guide it, grabbed her waist.  Now, 
with both hands on her hips, he kept her from pulling 
away from his invading pole and slowly dragged her 
tightly-clamped asshole back onto it.
	What her cries meant beyond expressing pain, we did 
not know, but they were useless.  Once Arnulf got the 
head of his cock in her asshole, the result was 
determined.  Luckily for her, she and her friend had 
both lubricated his prick well with the juices of their 
cunts, for Arnulf would have forced it into her 
regardless of resistance.
	The head of his prick was well planted in her back 
channel, though, and his grip on her waist was strong.  
The girl cried bitterly but to no avail.  Arnulf 
gradually pulled her asstube back onto his stiff cock 
despite the obvious resistance.  Head thrown back and 
teeth clenched, he jerked back on her hips and forced an 
inch of his tool into her butt.  He jerked again and 
pushed another inch inside.  Drawing back slightly, he 
shoved his hips forward at the same time that he yanked 
her back onto his thrusting prick.  All of this was 
accompanied by terrible cries from the girl.
	In my arms, the dark-haired girl looked once over 
her shoulder at the commotion, winced at her friend's 
painful pleading, but then turned back toward me and 
resumed fondling my cock.  With my finger in her cunt, I 
used my thumb to roll her clit around.  She let her head 
fall back limply against my arm.  Her hips rolled about 
my invading finger.  I pushed it deeper and wiggled it 
inside her.
	I was tired of waiting.  Pulling my finger out of 
her, I gripped the hem of her dress and pulled it up 
over her head.  Almost dreamily, eyes closed, the dark 
girl aided me, raising her arms to help me undress her. 
I pulled apart the bindings around her breasts and she 
was naked in my arms.
	Briefly, I hugged her to me, pressing her firm, 
young tits against my chest.  Her nipples were like 
small marbles against me, and she was burning hot.  I 
rubbed her tits against me, causing her nipples to drag 
through the hairy pelt of my chest.  Her arms encircled 
my neck and she hugged me close, making little 
inarticulate cries in my ear.
	I rolled her onto her back and moved between her 
legs.  I took hold of my prick and began to point it 
into her.  The girl's dark eyes popped open and she 
looked down between us.  The spear of my cock pointed 
downward toward her middle, hovering between her 
widespread legs that were open and vulnerable to me.
	"Let me," she said, and reached down between us, 
taking my cock in both of her small hands.  She pulled 
me forward, guiding the head of my prick so that it 
nudged between the wet, slick lips of her pussy.  She 
worked the head up and down a few times, spreading her 
juice over its broad surface, and then lowered it to the 
small depression that marked the entrance to her 
channel.
	Slowly, to honor her willingness, I pushed forward. 
Her hands were still around my cock, holding it in 
place.  She worked it from side to side as she hunched 
her hips upward in little moves, pressing my large pole 
into her tight little cunt.  She made little grunts with 
each push, as much forcing her pussy up onto my cock as 
I was pushing it down into her.  She raised her legs 
around my waist and locked her heels behind my back, 
using the leverage of her legs to pull us together.
	There was no longer room for her arms between us, 
and she again wrapped them around my neck.  My cock was 
half way into her tight pussy.  I rocked my hips back 
and forth, working it in and out of her, sliding it in 
her juices, stretching the tight channel to accept my 
invading prick.  Her only resistance was physical, 
however.  She wanted my cock in her, wanted it to fill 
her young and tender cunt, but her body only gradually 
yielded to the penetration.
	Arnulf was still battering his massive cock into 
the tiny asshole of the blonde.  Again and again he 
slammed forward, burying it all the way into her butt 
with such force that his loins slapped her asscheeks 
audibly.  His victim still whimpered, but it was clear 
that her tight anal tube had yielded to the invasion.  
Her cries were muffled in the cunt of her friend, as 
Arnulf had again forced her face down into it.  The 
small girl lay beneath them, eyes closed, whipping her 
head back and forth and rocking her cunt upward to meet 
the tongue of the other girl.
	My own cock pushed forward all the way into the 
dark-haired girl.  She drew a deep, ragged breath as I 
hit bottom and clutched herself to me, hugging me close 
with her arms and legs.  Her small pussy was stretched 
tight around my invading prick, the head of which was 
pushed into soft folds of warm flesh deep inside her.  
My mound ground against hers..
	We began a slow, steady fuck.  I slid my cock in 
and out of her slippery tunnel, feeling it cling to me 
as I pulled out and yield reluctantly as I pushed back 
into her depths.  The dark-haired girl moaned each time 
I shoved my prick into her and sucked her breath in 
through her teeth as I drew it back almost all the way 
out and then pushed forward again to bury it in her 
tight, grasping pussy.
	I heard a roar from Arnulf as he started to cum.  
With convulsive jerks, he slammed his cock in and out of 
the asshole of the blonde.  Her head was drawn back and 
her back arched as he pounded himself into her back 
passage and shot his sperm into her ass.  He jerked her 
hips back to meet his slamming thrusts, cursing and 
spewing his cum into her painfully stretched butthole.
	As his orgasm ended, Arnulf buried his prick as 
deeply as possible into the blonde's ass, working his 
hips and pulling hers around to make his cock waggle 
inside her butt.  Then, suddenly, he pushed her forward 
and jerked himself backward out of her asshole.  She 
fell forward and to the side of her smaller friend, who 
still lay on her back before Arnulf's knees.
	Arnulf reached down and dragged the small girl 
toward him.  Before she could grasp what he intended, he 
pulled her head toward him with a hand behind her neck, 
forcing her mouth open with the thumb.  With his other 
hand, he pushed his still leaking cock into her mouth.  
Her frightened eyes saw it coming and she closed them in 
horror as Arnulf's still-hard prick forced its way 
between her lips and into her small mouth.  Her cheeks 
bulged with it, and she choked as it pushed deeper.  Her 
hands flew up in self-defense, and she gripped his cock 
in both her hands to keep it from going too deep.
	Arnulf was beyond caring.  Holding her with both 
hands behind her head, he fucked his prick into her 
mouth forcefully and shook his hips to twist it around. 
The poor girl used her hands to protect herself as best 
she could, wrapping them tightly around his cock.  In 
her effort to defend her throat, she was jacking Arnulf 
off with her hands and sucking him clean with her mouth.
	The dark-haired girl's moans increased with each 
slide of my prick into her clinging pussy and each 
tantalizing withdrawal.  There was no resistance in her. 
She was fucking me back as strongly as I was fucking 
her, pushing her pussy up to meet my thrusts and rolling 
her hips to make my prick move inside her.
	I pushed my cock deep within her and held it there, 
pinning her to the ground with my weight.  I rocked 
forward, rubbing my prick against her lovebud again and 
again.  Her moans turned to cries of passion.  I could 
tell she was about to cum, her eyes were almost closed 
and turned up inside her head, the eyelids fluttering.  
Then it hit her and she clutched me tightly and sunk her 
teeth into my shoulder as she threw her hips up to meet 
my invading cock, welcoming me, lost in the passion of 
our fucking, wanting me to force it into her and skewer 
her on the spit of my prick, rubbing her lovebud on my 
cock, crying and gasping and jerking on me to pull me 
into her, squeezing us together as tightly as possible.
	I felt my own cum rise from deep in my loins and 
gave myself over to it.  It exploded out of me into the 
tightly grasping cunt of the dark girl who clung to me, 
jetting into her depths in strong spurts.  She cried to 
feel it shoot into her, clutching me harder to her, and 
forcing her pussy up to take me as deeply as possible 
into her.  The exquisite feel of her cunt wrapped around 
my cock and the liquid friction of her sex channel 
against my sliding prick caused waves of pleasure to 
jolt through me and spew out the end of my thrusting 
cock.  Then, exhausted, we fell into each other's arms, 
panting for breath.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
End of 'Spoils of Victory' by Titmouse
Story 09

Author's Note:

For some reason, this is one of my favorite shorter stories.  I
think it's the contrast between Arnulf's overt force and the
more sophisticated control of the narrator.  I like to think that
the two blondes became serving wenches, while the dark-haired
princess became an honored mistress.  Story 16, 'Partisan
Revenge,' is related conceptually, although it's a rougher tale.

                          ---
I welcome your comments but hate spam.  Send messages to
NiteSweats@aol.com and put 'Titmouse' somewhere in the subject line.
Anything else will be deleted automatically.
