VITAMIN SHOTS

BY BANDERSON

Part 3

Sister Paige stood in front of the class of seven eager girls,
ages twelve to thirteen. She was tired, for she was five months
pregnant and keeping track of each girl's progress took a lot of
concentration. Based upon the number of "vitamin shots" each girl
had, their development was strictly regulated. She had a seating
chart that told her exactly where each girl was on her way toward
being a sex slave like she was.

She had no idea who the real father was of her baby, not that it
mattered at the commune. She had been fucked so many times
leading up to the positive test results, it could have been
anyone. Because she was pregnant, she was allowed a few more
clothes than the other women. Today she had on a light blue
maternity top and a loose knee-length skirt underneath. Of
course, she wore no panties or bra and her heavy breasts flopped
with each step.

The twenty-four-year-old woman had come to the commune as a young
girl, so she had been one of the first to receive the shots. By
now, of course, she knew what they were and what they did to a
girl's body, but her mind had undergone such conditioning that
she no longer questioned it.

Like the girls, she wanted regular orgasms and would do just
about anything to achieve them. She needed booster shots twice a
year to maintain her sexual peak, as did the other women in camp.
The doctor was a busy man.

She rapped her ruler on the desk. "Now girls," she said, getting
their attention. "Who had an orgasm this weekend?"

Three girls raised their hands. One of them was Kathy, she noted.
She examined her chart. Oh yes, the girl had just passed her
six-month mark. Her sexual contact would increase from here on
out.

"Good!" She could see the disappointment on the faces of two of
the other girls. They were far enough along to be envious of
other girls' orgasms. The last two, Tammy and Claire, wrinkled
their faces in disgust. Both those girls had just received their
first shots and the "itch" would not have built within them yet.

"All right, Alice and Tanya, please come forward." She
double-checked the chart. Alice was on her third shot and Tanya,
her fourth. Tanya, a dark-haired girl with pretty brown eyes,
seemed more nervous than Alice, who was a dark blonde with light
skin. They made for a nice contrast.

"Now," she asked when they were standing in front of her. "Which
of you wants an orgasm the worst?"

"Me! Me!" Both girls jumped up and down, their hands in the air.
"Oh my! So eager! That's great. We like good girls in our class."
Both girls beamed and shot daggers at each other. They knew the
games by now  girls had to compete to win the necessary relief
that seemed to define their days.

"Very well, just stand there for a moment." She went to the door
that separated the boys' class from the girls'. The girls looked
at each other, their joy turning to embarrassment.

Sister Paige leaned through the partially open door. "Brother
Ben, we're ready for you."

"Great!" came the muffled reply.

Within seconds, five young boys all twelve or thirteen years old,
trooped in. They smiled at the girls. Sister Paige was pleased to
note that none of them leered or smirked. Brother Ben had taught
them well. "Gather around, we're going to have a little contest.
The winner among these two girls gets an orgasm and you boys can
help them out!"

The boys cheered. The girls blushed and looked down.

"Okay, I need two volunteers who are dressed in similar pants.
You, Sam and you, Charlie, step forward. Is that all right,
Brother Ben?" "Yes, that will be okay," he nodded. It was a mere
formality for her to ask, but it helped cement in the girls'
minds that women deferred to the men in the camp.

"Boys, stand here up against the blackboard."

The other boys formed a loose semi-circle around the girls,
making sure not to cut off the view of the other girls in class.

Sister Paige took lengths of cotton rope and tied the girls'
hands behind their backs. She faced them toward the boys. "Now
girls, you're going to race to get your boy's cock in your mouth.
The first one wins."

"Sister Paige," Brother Ben interrupted.

She turned at once, her face open and expectant. "Yes, brother?"
"I'd like to make a suggestion. Let's show the girls what they're
fighting for, shall we?"

She nodded, understanding at once. "Oh, you mean" she grinned.
She clapped her hands. "I need two more volunteers, boys!"

More hands went up and she chose Paul and Frankie.

"Now you two have had some experience with girls' orgasms,
right?" "Oh, yes, ma'am," they said solemnly, looking at the two
girls tied before them. They fidgeted, wondering what would be
asked of them. They knew it would be good.

"Good! Now I want both of you to get behind the girls. You, Paul,
get behind Alice, and Freddy, behind Tanya."

Sister Paige looked over the children's heads and winked at
Brother Ben. He smiled back. Her eyes glanced down and she
noticed his erection bulging in his pants. Her pussy twitched.
She was sure she would be achieving her own orgasm soon.

"Now, boys, I want you two to rub the girl's cute little pussies
until they are very excited. But! Don't let them come! If you do,
you'll ruin the game."

They nodded, their faces full of hope.

"Yes," put in Brother Ben. "If you ruin the game, I'll have to
paddle you."

"Okay. Begin."

Paul reached around Alice and pulled up her skirt. Because they
had not yet reached the six-month mark, both girls still wore
panties. She turned bright red as his fingers fumbled inside her
for her slit. Next to him, Freddy was already beginning to run
his fingers along Tanya's pussy, drawing up the moisture as he'd
been taught.

The girls, at first mortified, squirmed and twitched under their
touch. But the relentless rubbing, combined with the drug
coursing through their systems, soon had the desired effect.
Their faces became slack and their mouths came open. They began
to pant and spread their legs wider apart so the boys could have
full access.

The boys were closely monitored by the teachers, for they knew
how easy it would be to keep going. When it appeared Alice was on
the verge, Sister Paige quietly put a hand on Paul's shoulder and
he stopped immediately. Brother Ben followed up a few seconds
later with Freddy.

The girls groaned, having been on the verge of a very satisfying
climax. The teacher could see sweat on their faces and their eyes
were bright with need.

"Good. Now girls, first one who finishes can come, but the other
one can't for three days! Ready? Go!"

That last bit of information shocked them and they shot from
their positions toward the boys standing up against the
blackboard. Sam and Charlie looked stricken for a moment, as if
these girls might devour them. Then they regained their composure
when the girls thudded to their knees in front of them and began
trying to unbuckle their belts with their teeth.

"Don't help now boys. Just stand there with your arms out of the
way," cautioned Brother Ben.

Alice was having trouble unbuckling the belt and Tanya, perhaps
made more desperate because she'd had an extra shot, succeeded in
loosening it, only to become stymied by the zipper. Alice caught
up and both girls were fighting to get their zippers down. Tanya
again pulled ahead and Freddy looked a little worried, as if the
hungry girl might bite him.

She reached up and grabbed the edge of his boxer shorts with her
teeth and pulled it down. Alice made the mistake of trying to
fish it out between the flaps and lost valuable time.

When Freddie's cock sprung free, a stiff and glorious five
inches, she took it all into her mouth at once and began to pump
him.

"Tayna wins!"

Alice groaned and started to pull away. "But wait! As a bonus,
the first girl to make their young master squirt his seed will
get to paddle the other!"

Alice jumped back into the game and soon had Paul's cock in her
mouth and was sucking it for all she was worth. Tanya had a small
head start but in her desperation to get to her reward, she lost
track of her technique. After several minutes, Paul cried out and
grabbed Alice's head, his cock clearly squirting inside her
pretty mouth. "Alice wins the bonus!"

Tayna wasn't about to stop and neither teacher expected her to 
you never leave a brother hanging. Within a few seconds. she had
brought Freddy off and he ejaculated into her mouth, his head
thrown back with the power of it.

"Good girls! I'm very proud of both of you!" Both she and Brother
Ben patted the girls on their backs and rubbed their shoulders.

She told the boys and girls in the class to gather around in
front of her desk and sit on the floor. While they moved into
position, she turned to the girls.

"Tanya, you won the big reward, but we're going to let Alice
paddle you first. That should warm you up nicely anyway, right?"
Tanya, smiling broadly, didn't care. She was going to get to
come! It had been days and she could hardly stand it. Alice
stared at the floor, her disappointment palpable.

Sister Paige had Tanya lean up against the desk, her butt facing
the group, and put her elbows on the blotter. She flipped up her
skirt and tucked the hem into her belt. She gave Alice the wooden
ping-pong paddle and told her to give her classmate ten solid
whacks, five on each panty-covered check. Alice grinned. If she
couldn't come, at least she could make Tanya suffer!

Holding the paddle in one hand, Alice reared back and whacked
Tanya sharply on her right butt cheek. The girl yelped and
started to stand up.

"Down, girl!" Sister Paige ordered and Tanya dropped back to her
elbows.

"That hurt!" She complained.

"Tell you what," her teacher said. "You can switch positions
right now  you give Alice the remaining nine swats and she can
have the orgasm!"

Tanya's face paled. "No! I won fair and square!"

"It's your choice, dear."

"No! I'll take the paddling."

"All right, but don't move. Alice, you may continue." Sister
Paige smiled at Brother Ben as they both observed that a young
girl would rather endure a spanking that miss out on an orgasm.

Alice whacked her on her left cheek. Tanya sucked in her breath
but did not move. Her tormenter continued, alternating whacks and
with each one, Tanya was suffering more and more. By the time she
hit the final two times, tears were flowing out of Tanya's eyes.
But she did not waver. She wasn't about to give up her prize!

"Very good. Alice, you may sit and join the others. Tanya, remove
your clothes."

Tanya, stood up, rubbing her bottom. She quickly stripped down,
keeping her back to the group. With her panties gone, they could
see how red Alice had made her. Tanya's face was nearly as red as
her ass. Sister Paige went to the corner of the room and slid
over the "Climax Chair" as she called it. Brother Ben jumped in
to help the pregnant woman and soon it was slid into position in
front of her desk, facing the group of expectant faces.

Tanya looked at it nervously, for it was an obscene creation,
developed by one of the carpenters at camp. It consisted of a
padded seat set on four sturdy legs. From the seat a low padded
back leaned back at a slight angle. From the seat, leading out at
forty-five degree angles, were two wooden arms  actually legs 
for that's where Tanya would soon find her legs strapped. It
opened up a girl so everyone could see her private parts during
her orgasm.

The teachers said it was an excellent educational tool, but they
also knew it humiliated the girls and caused their moral barriers
to erode. Especially when the boys were invited to watch, like
today.

As eager as she had been to win the prize, and as hot she felt
now that her bottom had been paddled, Tanya now felt acutely
embarrassed. "Tanya, get into the chair so you can collect your
prize!" Sister Paige made it sound so cheery!

She knew she had no choice and she did want an orgasm, so she
sat, grimacing from the pain in her bottom, and allowed her
teacher and Brother Ben to fasten her legs into position. Her
pussy was soon wide open and everyone peered to get a closer
look, even the girls. Next her hands were tied with straps to
grips on the side. She clutched them until her fingers bled
white.

Sister Paige leaned in close to the chagrined girl and whispered,
"Now relax, this will be fun. Who's your favorite young master?"

Tanya blushed deeper and stuttered.

"You'd better chose or I'll choose for you," she warned.

"Uh, Steve yeah, Steve," she whispered, knowing what was coming
next.
"Steve, will you come forward and bring Tanya off?"

Steve, a tall blond boy that all the girls liked, jumped up and
stood behind Tanya's chair. He looked almost as nervous as Tanya.

"Wait a minute, Steve. I'd like to talk to you," said Brother
Ben.

The boy hurried over and Ben took him to a corner of the room and
spoke quietly to him. He nodded, his face expectant. When he
returned, he seemed a little more confident. Sister Paige looked
over at Brother Ben and he winked.

"You may begin. Take your time  we want a full, deep-throated
orgasm, don't we class?" Paige noted how Tanya's face grew
redder.

"Yeahhh!" they responded.

Steve bent over Tanya from behind and began rubbing her breasts
and nipples with the tips of his fingers. She closed her eyes and
her body shivered. He kissed the side of her neck and her
embarrassment began to fade as her pleasure rose. His hands
stroked her everywhere except between her legs for several
minutes until Tanya was pussy humping the air in impatience.

Finally, Steve's fingers brushed over her bare mound and dipped
below. Tanya groaned aloud and the class drew in a collective
breath. Sister Paige put a finger to her lips and the students
settled down.

He expertly began sliding his middle finger in between her labia,
drawing the wetness from within. And Tanya was very wet, for the
paddling had increased the heat she felt between her legs. Her
mouth dropped open as he spread her moisture around. Her clit
stood up at full attention and Steve had learned his lessons
well. He knew not to rub it constantly at first, but instead
tease it, just touch it now and then with a well-lubricated
finger. Soon she was humping the air and didn't care who was
watching.

"Uh! Uh! Uh!" she cried and Steve, the bastard, actually pulled
away! She was shuddering now and if her hands were free they
would be between her legs, rubbing her clit for all she was
worth. Steve was kissing her neck again and rubbing his wet
fingertips over the hard nubs of her nipples, driving her almost
out of her mind.

"Ga, please! Oh, please," she mumbled.

"What was that, slut?" Steve said.

"Please, touch me, touch me, touch me."

"What will you do for me?"

"Anything! Anything! Just let me come!"

"Will you suck my dick in front of the whole class?"

"Yes! Yes!"

"Good."

Brother Ben brought over a low wooden platform and placed it in
front of the chair. Steve came around from behind the desperate
Tanya and stood up on it. This brought his cock level with her
mouth. He unzipped his pants and fished it out. She immediately
sat forward and plunged her mouth down on it.

"Ooooohhhh," the other students said without thinking.

Sister Paige decided that was encouragement, not ridicule and let
it go. Besides, she thought, Tanya's too far gone to care. "Class
you may have to move around so you can see," she said and the
class soon readjusted themselves.

She noticed Kathy and Sally, who both had said they had orgasms
over the weekend, were fanning their skirts, flashing anyone who
cared to look, for they no longer wore panties. Their eyes were
raptly on the scene in front of them. She knew they were both
dying to rub themselves.

Steve's hands were on Tanya's budding breasts, rubbing them as
she brought him closer to a climax. She seemed desperate and
Sister Paige knew just how strong her feelings must be. She too,
felt desperation whenever her master teased her, which was often.

In fact, she felt the urge right now. She glanced over at Brother
Ben and saw he had taken a seat in a chair near the wall. Her
eyes widened when she saw he had his cock out and was stroking
it. He crooked a finger at her and she went at once to him,
turned around, flipped up her skirt and sat Vdown, using her hand
to guide his cock into her hot, wet pussy.

She groaned softly, trying not to disturb the class. But some had
noticed their teachers were fucking and their attention was soon
split between the two scenes. Sister Paige didn't care  she
needed this release. Ben brought his hands around under her
swelling belly and began to rub her swollen clit.

"Oh yes!" she breathed, trying to keep quiet. She rocked back and
forth on his cock.

Tanya, meanwhile, was moving her head back and forth quickly,
using all her budding techniques to bring him off so she could
win her reward. She didn't think about how unfair the situation
might be. A young master had ordered her to suck him and she
would suck him. Only then would she receive her prize.

He gave a sudden cry and she felt his seed erupt inside her
mouth. Some of it spilled around the corners, but she managed to
swallow most of it. When he pulled away, she looked up and him
and gave him a big grin, pleading with her eyes for him to finish
the job.

"Fair's fair," he said and moved once again behind her.

His hand returned to her sopping wet pussy and started to rub
again. Sucking him off only increased her need and she found
herself rising quickly toward her climax.

"Yes! Yes! YES! DO THAT! YES! GOD YES!"

She came in a rush, her body jerking forward, her muscles all
firing randomly at once. Steve held her tightly, stroking her hot
flesh and telling her how beautiful she was.

In the corner, Sister Paige was nearing her own climax and was
jerking her hips with complete abandon, not caring if attention
had suddenly been shifted to them.

"Yes! Yes! Oh Brother Ben!" She cried out as her orgasm hit and
she felt the cock within her erupt at the same time. He clung to
her, basking in the moment before she was able to compose herself
and stand up. She could feel his seed run down her leg before she
managed to drop her skirt into place.

"Wasn't Tanya's orgasm wonderful?" She asked, making no mention
of her own. She rubbed her thighs together, feeling how slippery
they felt.

"Yesss!" The class responded.

"Let's all give her a big hand."

Everyone clapped and Tanya looked sheepish. Sister Paige untied
her and helped her to her feet. She seemed unsteady  the effects
of her climax still evident within her young body. She was
allowed to dress. "Thank you, Brother Ben, and your young masters
too," she said and the boys and Ben all gave short bows. They
soon retreated back to their classroom.

"Now, let's go to our next lesson, girls. Turn to page
one-twenty-four of your workbooks" 
