Author: mypenname3000
Title: Corrupted by the Naughty Diary Chapter Seven: Preacher's Wife Becomes a Gloryhole Slut
Summary: The preacher's wife is rewritten by Kristen to be a gloryhole loving whore!
Keywords: MF MMF mc oral exib voy inter wife cheat cuck prost

Copywrite 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to Kirrocen for the idea and for beta reading this story! If you liked this story, join my discord to vote and pitch your own! https://discord.gg/CxJgq4Cdqy

Okay, okay, let's all take our seats, said Reverend Lance Green. 

The tall man pushed up his glasses as he stood at the podium. Kristen moved with the others to her seat when she noticed her father was talking with Mrs. Green, the preacher's wife. They were having a friendly chat, nothing out of the ordinary, but that didn't stop Kristen's naughty mind from bursting with a hot thought.

Seeing Mrs. Green's pink lips moving, she realizes she would be so great at sucking cocks. Like at a gloryhole. But how would the preacher's faithful wife become a gloryhole slut? It was clear that her father and mother would be behind it.

After all, in the naughty version that Kristen thought lived only in her mind and the pages of her special journal, her father was a stud who fucked as many women as he could. Married women were a treat he loved. And Kristen's mother encouraged it.

The story flashed with such heat in her mind, she had to write it now. So as Reverend Green asked everyone to sit down for the opening prayer, Kristen hurried out of the worship hall toward a quiet place in the foyer where she could write. She sat down and pulled her special journal out. She had bought it with her bible, both fitting in the cloth carrying cover.

She unfolded the story. The last one was about Natalie and Carson fucking Ms. Kwon. That had been a fun story, but this would be even hotter.

I have to go back a few months, thought Kristen. If she's a gloryhole slut today, it must have taken some time to get her there. Ooh, yes, yes, that's perfect.

She started writing. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

It all started two months ago when Mrs. Green confided in my mom. I'm just not being satisfied in bed by my husband.

Oh, you poor thing, Mom said that fateful day. You're not having any orgasms.

I've never had an orgasm. It hadn't mattered before, but now that I'm getting older, I just... feel the need for more.

Mmm, the dirty thirties, Mom said. And the filthy forties. I get it. That's why my husband and I do lots of roleplay.

Roleplay? But he's not even interested in sex.

Maybe you should come over and have my husband and I talk to you in private, Mom said, already thinking dirty thoughts. Could I get Tonya to suck cock at a gloryhole and film it? thought my horny mother. Preacher's Wife Becomes Gloryhole Slut. What a title that would make. Come over this Friday. The kids are all out of the house.

And with that, the stage was set. When Friday night arrived, my parents were ready to seduce the preacher's wife and turn her into something naughty. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mrs. Tonya Green, Two Months Ago

I'm so glad you could make it, said Ashley Miller when she opened the door. The blonde woman had a big smile on her lips. She wore a silk bathrobe of purple that clung to her curvy form. Come in, come in. This will be just the night you need. We'll teach you all about how to achieve intimacy with your husband.

Okay, I said, so nervous. I couldn't believe I was here, but I was just getting so desperately horny. It just started out of nowhere. I had sex to have my son and daughter, but that was about it, and now...

Now I was clawing the walls wanting to make love all the time, and Lance didn't want to.

I entered the house to find her husband in a pair of shorts and a t-shirt. He had a glass of white wine in his hand. He smiled as he proffered it. You look like you're a tad nervous.

Oh, I don't drink, I said, my insides squirming. I wore a floral-print dress that cinched at the waist. Sleeveless, it had a scoop neckline but wasn't that daring. 

It's just one glass, Ashley said as she picked up her own and sipped it. Mmm, that's good. Keith buys the best wine.

And it's not always the most expensive, either, he said as he handed me the wine.

I took it and sipped at it. The warmth spilled over my tongue and down my throat. The nervousness in my stomach lessened. I didn't normally drink, but it was helping. So I had a deeper drink of it. I quivered as it poured down my throat.

That was good. I just had to calm down. That was it. 

Keith smiled at me. He was a handsome man. Too handsome. Just looking at him sent this naughty wave of heat rushing out of my nethers. The itch in my pussy that I hadn't been able to satiate for such a long time burned even hotter. I swallowed, my juices flowing.

Why did he have to be so tall? His brown hair was so much like Lance's, but Keith had this rugged confidence to him. The type of man that I could see getting his hands dirty. Working on cars. Fixing a burst pipe. Doing all those manly things around the house that Lance was so helpless with. Keith even had muscles. He worked out. Had a strong body for a man in his early forties.

Let's sit down, Ashley said, patting the couch beside her. 

I moved to her and sank down with Keith sitting on my left. He wore a spicy cologne. It was such a delicious and manly scent. I crossed my legs tightly, my clit throbbing. I took an even deeper sip of my wine and...

Finished it off.

The heat was settling through me. This warmth was so relaxing and yet did nothing for that naughty itch between my thighs. Keith grabbed the bottle and was filling my glass before I even realized it.

Thanks, I said and took another sip. Mmm, that's really good.

So, Ashley said, her voice throaty. She had this wicked gleam in her eyes. When my husband is trying to catch my attention, he likes to flirt with other women.

My eyes widened. Flirt! She shot my husband a glance. You flirt with other women in front of your wife!

Of course, he said. Really gets her excited to see that other women find me attractive. Then she's all over me.

Oh, yes, she said. Jealousy can add just that right amount of spice. Maybe... you should try flirting with other men in front of your husband. Show him he has competition.

Oh, no, I can't do that, I gasped and took another deep drink of my wine. It was so good. And that warmth just... evened things out.

Sure you can, said Ashley. Look, why don't you practice on my husband.

What? I gasped. Oh, I mean... 

Just use your feminine wiles on him, purred Ashley. Act a little coy. Smile. Flutter eyes. Compliment him. Maybe touch his muscular arm.

I... Well... I... I was floundering. I finished off the glass of wine and set it on a coaster on the coffee table. I don't know how to do that. I've only ever been with one man. There's no way I can do that. 

Keith smiled at me. My, my, it's nice seeing you here, Tonya. You are looking so gorgeous tonight. Did you get a new haircut?

Well, I did. I blushed, my cheeks burning so bright. His finger stroked one of my black tresses. Thanks for, um, noticing.

Hard not to, he said. Your husband is a lucky, lucky man.

You'd think that, I muttered. This wasn't working. I wasn't being flirty. I wanted this from my husband. He never pays any attention to me. Always praying and reading the bible and working.

And you're just wilting, he said. A rose that blooms and no one witnesses the beauty is such a waste, but... He leaned in and whispered. I see you blooming. I see how gorgeous you look. That dress is delicious.

This... It's so modest.

Modesty suits some women, he said, his hand resting on my knee. My skirt had ridden up without me realizing it. He stroked up my thigh. Heat rushed up my leg to my pussy. I couldn't believe this was happening.

I stared into his eyes as his hand worked up and down my thighs, pushing beneath my skirt. I should stop this, but I just felt so good. Warm and wet. I needed that itch scratched, and his eyes promised that he would.

My husband had neglected me. He had ignored his husbandly duties, and now... Now Keith Miller worked his hand up and down my thigh. I shuddered, wetting my lips. I was supposed to flirt with him. Say something, but all I could think about was...

Kissing him. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

She knows she shouldn't do this, but she's been frustrated for so long. Her husband wasn't touching her, and this felt so wonderful. She can't resist my daddy's magnetism. No woman can. Her pussy is on fire. 

He'll satiate me, ripples through her thoughts.

She knows that as he leans forward to claim her lips, that she's going to be with her second man. Tonight, she's going to cuckold the preacher with my daddy. She wants it more than she's ever wanted anything.

Daddy claims her lips. Her pussy bursts with delight. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mrs. Tonya Green

Warmth washed out of my pussy as Keith Miller claimed my lips.

This wasn't my husband, but I didn't care. I knew he would satiate me. He wouldn't leave me frustrated. I would finally have an orgasm. I shuddered as his hand climbed higher up my thigh as my lips worked on his.

His tongue pushed on my lips and slipped into my mouth. He kissed me with such warmth. Such passion. His hand pushed between my thighs and found my panties. I wore a satin pair. A nice one that I rarely wore. For anniversaries. 

I must have known this would happen. That was why I had put them on. I shuddered as his hand worked up and down my pussy lips. His fingers stroked me, working up and down my slit. He touched me in ways that my husband had never done.

And Keith did it so naturally.

I kissed him with passion, whimpering with such wanton need. I loved the feel of his fingers working up and down my pussy. I quivered with delight, my toes flexing and relaxing. My nipples throbbed. 

And his wife watched. Ashley rose from the couch and was staring at us. I didn't care, either. In fact, I liked what she was watching. That made my adulterous pleasure even more exciting. I trembled with delight.

I would do anything this man wanted.

He broke the kiss and slipped off the couch. I panted as he sank between my thighs. He ripped off his t-shirt, unveiling his muscular, hairy chest. I groaned at that as he slid both his hands up my thighs beneath my skirt.

Ashley was filming us. She had this wicked grin as I just sat there, her husband touching me. He reached for my panties. I quivered as he pulled them off my hips. I lifted them, the fabric rolling down my thighs. 

He worked them lower and lower. I quivered, my toes twitching. The panties passed my knees. He pulled them down my calves and off my feet. He tossed them down and pushed my legs apart, my skirt riding up my thighs.

I felt so exposed.

So open and vulnerable.

Please, I whispered.

He leaned in. He was going to go down on me. Eat me out. I had only dreamed about this. He nuzzled his face right into my black bush and found the folds of my pussy. I groaned as he flicked his tongue from my taint to my clit.

My entire body trembled as he licked my snatch. He tongued me. Stars burst across my vision for a moment. It felt so good to have him stroking me. My wet folds drank in his strokes. My hands gripped the couch cushions, my veins buzzing with the wine.

He thrust his tongue into me. He swirled it around in me. I gasped at that. I had never felt anything like this. I was so wet and juicy. He licked my cream out of me. My heart pounded. This wild beat swept through me.

Oh, my god, I groaned. Oh, wow, that's so good. That's amazing! 

I loved how great I felt. How fantastic it was to have him lick me. 

Ashley filmed it. I didn't care. I watched her, my eyes fluttering. I felt so good. Her husband churned up my pussy. My orgasm swelled. I could feel it building. I had felt one growing in me before, but this time I knew my climax would actually blossom.

My husband wouldn spill his seed in me in a few moments before I was even close.

Keith! I moaned, squeezing my thighs around his head. Oh, Keith, don't stop!

He growled and flicked his tongue back to my clit. He stroked over my bud. My eyes widened at that delicious sensation. He stroked over me. I quivered as the heat built and built in me. He suckled on my bud. 

My eyes widened. My boobs jiggled in my bra. I tossed my head from side to side as the heat swelled. The pressure in me grew to the bursting point. I whimpered. It was happening. His lips nibbled on my clit.

I exploded.

Oh, my Lord! I howled as my pussy convulsed.

My pussy juices gushed out of me. I bucked on the ground, the rapture surging through my mind. Wave after wave of the most exquisite heat I had ever felt swept through me. He licked at me. He lapped at my folds, gathering up my cream.

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned, squirming on the couch as my adulterous pleasure swept through me. 
I trembled through the ecstasy. It was so intense. So amazing. More and more kept rushing out of my pussy and surging through my body. I quivered as he licked at me. He lapped with such passion at me. This was intense. Amazing.

It was outstanding to enjoy.

Oh, my Lord! I moaned as it started to die down. More! More! I need more!

Keith lifted his head, his lips dripping with my pussy cream. I leaned in and kissed him. I didn't even care that my tangy juices soaked his mouth. I savored that delicious flavor as I wanted more. I needed his cock in me. I wanted to enjoy a real man in my cunt.

It was like he read my mind. He grabbed my ass and pulled me to him. I wrapped my legs around him, rubbing my married pussy against the bulge in his shorts. He turned around, holding me for a moment, then sank onto the couch.

I whimpered into his mouth, kissing him with my tangy juice soaking his lips. This was so wild. I massaged my juicy cunt. The floodgates had burst, and I wanted to have him in me. I needed to have him in my twat.

I broke the kiss and whimpered, I need you...

You do? he asked as I ground on him like a bitch in heat. Where?

My blood burning, I moaned, Your dick... I need your dick in me!

Mmm, you do, Ashley cooed.

Then fish it out and go for a ride, Tonya, Keith said, such a cocky grin on his lips.

I shuddered as I reached beneath him and shoved my hand into his crotch. As I did, Ashley unzipped my dress. She worked it down my back. I quivered at how naughty this was, my cunt on fire. I gripped Keith's cock.

He was so much bigger than my husband. So hunky. I just wanted him to impale my twat down this dick. 

Ashley drew up my dress, forcing me to release Keith's cock. I thrust my arms in the air as she pulled it off and tossed it aside. Her hands went for my bra. It was gray and lacy, cupping my big boobs. Keith stared with hunger at my tits as his cock nuzzled into my bush.

Let's see those tits, Keith groaned as his wife unfastened my bra.

She pulled off my brassiere, exposing my big breasts to Keith's attention. He cupped my large breasts. He squeezed them. He kneaded my tits. I loved how they felt in his hands. I savored him massaging me like that. 

I groaned as he squeezed my tits. His strong fingers massaged them and sent such pleasure through me. I grabbed his cock. Thick and throbbing. He pulsed with his wild heartbeat. I guided him to my cheating cunt. I had to have him me. 

I had to cuckold my husband.

I would never be able to feel the same sitting through one of his sermons, especially on fidelity, after this. I didn't care that this was wrong. A sin. I was horny. I needed this. I deserved to have an orgasm on Keith's big cock.

I pushed him through my bush and loved how he nestled against my pussy lips. I shuddered at the adulterous contact. That was the only way to describe this. Adulterous. I pushed his tip into my folds. My labia stretched over his thicker cock.

Oh, Lord, I groaned as I sank down him, Ashley watching. Filming. Why did that make this hotter? I loved that she watched me.

What if others watched me?

My pussy slid down and down his cock until I bottomed out on him. I shuddered at how amazing he felt. He was so big. He stretched me out. This was so awesome. I loved having him in me. I squeezed my snatch around his dick and slid up him.

Fuck, he groaned as I did that. Oh, fuck, that's good!

I winked at him, savoring this hot dick in my cunt. This was so amazing. I plunged back down him. I took him to the hilt. I had every inch of his cock in me. He was so much thicker than my husband. So much wider. Longer. He filled me up.

My boobs jiggled in his squeezing hands as I rode him. Like a wild slut, I rode my lover. I worked my cunt up and down that big dick. I squeezed my snatch about him, reveling in his girth. I shuddered as the pleasure rippled through me.

Oh, my Lord, I groaned, my tits jiggling in his hands. Keith! Keith! You're so big! Oh, I love this! Sex is amazing!

Yes, it is, he groaned, his hands abandoning my tits. He slid down my waist and around to my lower back. He slid lower and cupped my rump. Ride me!

Yes! I whimpered as He held my ass tight.

I worked up and down his dick, his fingers digging into my butt-cheeks. His thickness massaged my naughty pussy. My cheating cunt reveled in his girth. I wiggled my hips back and forth, stirring my juicy twat around his shaft. I loved this so much.

My big boobs bounced freely now as I rode him. I groaned, my orgasm swelling faster and faster. I couldn't believe how quickly it grew in me I would have such a huge climax on him. Just a mighty burst of pleasure.

This was it.

I would explode on him. 

I couldn't take much more of going up and down his dick. My clit ground into his pubic mound. Sparks flared. Sex was amazing. I loved it so much. My cheating cunt drank in all these sensations. I swelled and swelled toward that bursting point.

I whimpered, my head tossing as my cunt slid up and down him. He held me tight. I groaned, loving the feel of him. I shuddered and plunged my cunt down his dick. I sank to the hilt down him. The heat in me burst.

Oh, Lord! I squealed as I came on another man's dick.

My pussy rippled around Keith's cock. My cunt worshiped my lover's mighty dick. Waves of heat swept through me. I loved every moment of this rapture washing through my body. My cunt suckled at him, eager for his cum to spurt into my pussy.

Shit! Keith groaned.

He erupted while his wife watched.

Yes, Ashley moaned as his cum splashed against my cervix.

My pussy convulsed around his dick. I suckled at him, this heat washing through me. It was fantastic. My head tossed back and forth as his jizz fired into my cunt. My twat rippled around him, working out his cum.

Yes, yes, yes, I squealed. I felt like such a woman. It was so right to have all that cum spurting into my pussy. Just perfect!

I loved every second of this heat washed through me. It was fantastic. I groaned, my heart pounding and flooding bliss throughout my body. I swayed there, the pleasure hitting that amazing peak. I shuddered as I collapsed into his chest, rubbing my boobs into his strong torso.

That was the best, I moaned. Oh, Lord, I need more! I need to be fucked more! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

And she was fucked more. My daddy pounded her so hard. Doggy style. Missionary. He pumped her pussy full of so much cum and sent her home to her husband with his seed in all her holes. She had loved it all.

And Mom had her first Preacher's Wife Amateur Debut to sell on her website.

Mrs. Green needed more cock. She was trying to get Daddy to fuck her every day, but he was a busy man. After all, he had dildos and sex toys to sell door-to-door (and all those hot wives to fuck). Plus, he had to star in another of Mom's pornos. 

After a month-and-a-half, Mrs. Green's so horny. She's thinking about fucking other men. She just wants to be fucked all the time. When she told my naughty mommy that, Mom turned to her with this big smile and asked, Have you ever heard of a gloryhole? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mrs. Tonya Green, One Week Ago

I couldn't believe I was doing this, but ever since Ashley told me about gloryholes, I had to try one for myself. Not only could I get all the dick I needed, but they would never know who I was. I would be anonymous. 

My husband could never learn that while our kids were at high school and he was at church, I was on my knees taking dick after dick through the gloryhole and making money. Ashley had set up three cameras to get me from all the angles and really make sure that it was recorded. 

I would make money, too, being a gloryhole slut.

So I entered the back of Sinful Delights Adult Store. Ashley had given me a key that let me into the gloryhole room. Not even the owner would know it was me. It was so wicked as I stared at the small cubicle. It had a padded floor with two pillows. There were two holes in opposite walls. I could kneel between them with my mouth pressed against one hole and my pussy and ass against the other. 

I hit record on all the cameras. They would stream back to Ashley's studio. I wasn't surprised that she made porn. Not after she kept filming with her husband. She got off seeing me fucking Keith. She was such a dirty whore.

Like me.

I pulled off the sweater I wore. It had the logo for GNEW, an evangelical conference every year. I dropped it in the corner then unhooked my red bra. My big boobs spilled out. They swayed back and forth, nipples so hard.

I twisted them.

Yes, I whimpered, so ready for my first customer.

Lance would have a heart attack if he knew his beloved and faithful wife was here cuckolding him with every cock possible. That made me even wetter. My preacher husband loved God so much, he had ignored me.

Now I was the Devil's.

He would be disgraced if it came out. The church would fire him. A man who couldn't control his family couldn't have leadership in the church. If he had just fucked me to an orgasm once a week, I wouldn't be here. 

I wouldn't be a gloryhole whore.

I was glad he failed to satiate me.

I unsnapped my loose mom jeans. They fell down my legs. I was down to my panties. Red. Racy. I shoved them off, my black bush spilling out. I wondered if he would notice if I started shaving. Probably. That would lead to questions.

I did love him even if I was angry at him for not satiating me. 

I wiggled out of my panties, my tangy scent filling the air. I loved my aroma. I stepped out of my panties and shoved my hand up between my thighs. I rubbed at my hot cunt. I thrust a pair of digits into my cunt.

Ooh, I'm soaking wet for the men and their dicks, I cooed to one of the cameras. I pulled out my fingers and held them up gleaming. I'm a preacher's wife, and I am so wet to enjoy my first gloryhole!

I dropped to my hands and knees on the pillow and waited. I suckled off my tangy juices, savoring that delicious flavor. I groaned as I heard footsteps approaching. I stared at the gloryhole, waiting for the first dick to appear.

You really a woman? the guy asked.

Oh, yes, I moaned. A married woman. A preacher's wife.

Shit, he groaned and thrust a twenty-dollar bill through the hole. 

I took it and smiled. I licked it, tasting the sour flavor of the money. Thrust that cock through, big boy, and I'll suck you off!

Fuck! His jeans rustled. I could see him shoving those off. He had boxers with hearts on them, his cock tenting the front of them. He pushed those off next, and his dick popped out. His cock bobbed before him, not as big as Keith's.

But it was perfect for suckling.

He thrust his cock through the hole. I shuddered and grabbed his cock with my left hand. I stroked up and down him, my wedding ring gleaming. I loved that brightness. This was so hot. I leaned in and kissed the tip of his dick. He groaned as I did that. He loved how. I flicked my tongue over the crown of his dick. I savored the taste of him. The flavor of his cock.

His precum.

He groaned as I slid my lips over his tip. I engulfed him in my mouth. I nursed on him. As I did, I pushed my rump against the other hole, my pussy perfectly framed by it. A wave of excitement washed through me. I hoped someone else would come.

Yes, he groaned as I nursed on him, my juices spilling from my cunt and soaking my bush.

I moaned around his cock, sucking on him. I nursed with passion. I worked my mouth up and down his dick. He groaned as I worshiped him like that. I nursed on him with such hunger. He groaned, his dick throbbing in my hand.

I heard new footsteps approaching. I shuddered as the man went for the other hole. I so wanted to take on two of them. My pussy clenched as he came closer and closer to the second hole. I nursed on the dick in my mouth, so eager for more fun.

Damn, the other guy said. Look at that thick bush. You're fucking sucking off another guy and dripping wet, slut!

She's a preacher's wife, the guy I suckled groaned.

Goddamn, a preacher's wife, huh? The second guy chuckled. I fucking need to go to church. Damn!

He shoved a bill through the hole and rubbed it through my curls. I had no idea how much it was. I really didn't care if it was a hundred or a dollar. He shoved it through so it fell on my side. He had paid something. 

I was a gloryhole whore. That was all that mattered.

My curls rustled as he nuzzled his... face into my pussy. I gasped as he licked at my cunt. He wanted to eat my pussy before I was sloppy with other men's cum. That was smart of him. I would get fucked hard. I would be drenched in spunk before too much longer. 

He licked at my twat. His tongue flicked through my folds. I groaned around the shaft in my mouth. I suckled harder on the dick in my mouth. I nursed on that wonderful cock as the second guy thrust his tongue into my depths.

Fuck, the first guy moaned, his dick twitching. Oh, fuck, that's good, preacher's wife!

I slurped on his cock, my big boobs swaying beneath me.

God, she's got a tasty snatch, the second guy groaned.

His tongue slid from my clit to my taint. I loved what he did to me. He sent such pleasure rushing through me. I groaned as he thrust his tongue into my pussy. He flicked around in my cunt again, stirring up my married twat.

I trembled there, nursing on one dick while savoring a second man licking my twat. I had no idea who they were. What they looked like. That made this even hotter. The cameras recorded every moment of this as I loved the cock in my mouth.

I'm going to nut, the guy groaned. Holy shit! That's amazing, preacher's wife!

I wanted all his cum to flood my mouth. After all, I loved the salty flavor of Keith's jizz. 

The tongue flicked through my pussy lips. I shuddered as he feasted on my married pussy. This was so hot. I groaned around the cock in my mouth. My tongue danced around that wonderful dick while the other man stirred up my cheating cunt.

The waves of delight washed through me. I whimpered, sucking with all my might on this cock in my mouth. I nursed on him, suckling with all my might. This was a thrill. A real treat to enjoy. I wiggled my hips back and forth.

He suckled on my clit. He nibbled on my bud. I groaned around the dick in my mouth, sucking with all my might. Drool ran down my chin as that wonderful stud polished my pearl through the gloryhole. He gave me such delight. My orgasm built.

I nursed on the thick cock so hard as my orgasm built and built. That hot tongue flicked around my clit. I whimpered, my twat clenching. I craved that burst of pleasure. This was so wild. That stranger loved my cunt while I loved this unknown man's cock. 

Shit, groaned the guy I suckled on. Oh, shit, that's it!

He grunted and erupted. His jizz fired into my mouth. All that wonderful spunk splashed against the back of my throat. I groaned, gulping down that jizz. I loved the heat of it flooding into my mouth. The man grunted with each blast

Oh, fuck, that's good!

I whimpered as the mouth suckled at my clit. Sparks sizzled through my snatch as I gulped down the stranger's jizz. My orgasm burst inside of me. I squealed around the erupting cock in my mouth. Stars danced before my eyes.

Waves of delight swept out of my writhing cunt. My juices splashed the man. 

Fucking slut just came! he moaned and licked at my cream.

It was so wonderful to have all this bliss rushing through me. I loved every second of the heat surging over my thoughts as I swallowed blast after blast of cum. My boobs swayed back and forth as I trembled through all this wonderful passion. 

I groaned, my heart pounding in my chest. This was so incredible. My pussy rippled with the delight as that stranger's tongue lapped at my twat. He licked at me with such passion. It was such a thrill to have all that delight rushing through me. 

I savored this bliss melting over my thought as I swallowed the last of the guy's cum. He ripped his cock out of my mouth and stumbled back, panting. I moaned, my body quivering as my orgasm hit that wonderful point.

Oh, thank you, I moaned. Thank you for that orgasm!

Fucking slut! he groaned. I'm going to bust a nut in that pussy. You really a preacher's wife.

I am! I moaned. I'm just such a slut, though. Don't tell my husband. He would be so shocked to find me here. Mmm, now ram that big dick into me! I want this so much! I had changed in the last two months. Keith had shown me what I had missed out on all my life.

I could make up for it here at the gloryhole. I'd just pray to god for forgiveness when I was done.

Then come back here tomorrow for another romp. I loved this so much. I was so happy to be able to do this. To have this passion. It was such a hot treat to have him fucking me. He would pound me so hard. Just ram that big dick into my pussy.

The stranger's dick nuzzled into my bush. I shuddered as he pushed through to my pussy lips. He found my cunt. I groaned at how wonderful that felt to have him nuzzling into me like that. This was it. He rubbed up and down me.

He thrust into my cunt.

I'm so fucking going to hell for enjoying a preacher's wife! he groaned as his dick sank so deep into my snatch. 

But right now, you're in the heaven of my cunt! I moaned, savoring that big dick in me. Ooh, now fuck me hard!

Yes, ma'am! he groaned and fucked my cunt. 

He drew back, my snatch clinging to his shaft. The stranger rammed back into me. He drilled his big dick into my snatch over and over again. He fucked me hard and fast. I moaned, my boobs swaying back and forth as he churned up my cunt. 

I would have another glorious and sinful orgasm. I loved that as I clamped my twat down on his dick. It was such an incredible rush to have him fucking me like that. To have him pounding my cunt with such force. I shuddered, gripping my cunt down on his cock.

He churned me up. He fucked me with such force. I loved the heat of him doing that. This was so wild. I groaned, savoring the heat of his shaft ramming into me. I moaned like a whore, the heat rising in my snatch.

Footsteps approached.

Mmm, don't be shy, I moaned, that big dick ramming into my cunt. Just thrust your dick on through the hole. I'll suck it! I'm a horny preacher's wife that wants to drink all your jizz! Just got to pay!

Shit! groaned the newcomer. He sounded young. Was this his first time? 

That made my mouth salivate.

The twenty slid in. He shoved down the shorts he wore. His cock popped out. He had a long thin one. I shuddered from the force of the stranger fucking my cunt as the young cock slipped through my hole. I opened wide.

I swallowed his dick.

He groaned as I did that. I nursed on him with such hunger. My tongue danced around his dick. His salty precum spilled over my mouth. It was a delight to taste him. I loved feeling his cock in my mouth. I savored suckling on him.

I nursed with passion on his dick. I worked my mouth up and down his cock. He groaned as I did that. My mouth worked up and down his dick. He whimpered as I suckled with such passion on his cock. 

Oh, my god, he groaned as the other guy fucked my cunt. Oh, m fucking god! I... I... Yes!

He erupted.

I barely had a chance to love his cock when his salty seed fired into my mouth. I groaned, loving the taste of his virginal seed. I loved that so much. I groaned as he grunted. He pumped load after load of his cum into my mouth.

Oh, wow, he groaned. So awesome!

I purred around his dick and swallowed all that salty cum. I reveled in it flowing down my throat. I savored it, my juicy cunt gripping tight about the stranger's dick pumping away at me. I swallowed all the young man's cum. 

He ripped his cock out, a last blast splashing on my lips. Sorry!

He darted off as I panted there, savoring that thick shaft churning up my cunt. Before I was ready, another twenty shoved through. This time, it was an ebony cock that followed. I gasped at the sight of a big, Black dick.

Oh, my, I groaned. He was bigger than Keith. Mmm, let me just open wide.

I swallowed his cock. He groaned as I did that. I slid my lips over him. I nursed on him with hunger. He groaned as I worked my mouth up and down his ebony beauty. He moaned as I did that. I swirled my tongue around his crown, savoring his precum.

That's it, he groaned. Just suck that cock.

I moaned around him, my orgasm building and building as the stranger hammered my cunt. He buried into my snatch again and again. I quivered in delight, loving every moment of the stranger's dick pumping into my married pussy. My twat gripped him as I suckled on the Black stud's dick.

Preacher's wife! groaned the man fucking me. Yes!

He buried into me and erupted.

Feeling his cum splash on my cervix set me off. I burst with delight. I climaxed so hard on his cock. The pleasure shot through me. Stars burst across my vision. My orgasm rippled through me as my cunt writhed around the stranger's erupting cock.

He gave me a second orgasm. I squealed about the Black man's cock as my pussy milked the stranger's dick. He grunted with each blast of jizz that flooded into my twat. Stars twinkled about my eyes. I shuddered, savoring the pleasure rushing through me. 

Damn, he groaned as he fired the last blast of cum into my pussy.

He ripped his dick free of my pussy. I loved the feeling of all that cum dripping out of me. It ran hot down my thighs. I sighed at that and kept nursing on the Black stud's dick. I nursed on him, loving him.

Did that other guy finish in your cunt? he asked. Cause if he did, turn around. I want to feel that pussy around my cock. 

I ripped my mouth off his cock, loving the feel of all that cum dripping out of my pussy. It was such a delight to have it dripping down my thighs. I turned around and backed up. The Black man's thick cock pushed into my curls and found my cheating cuntlips.

Hell, yeah, he groaned as I backed up onto his dick.

I moaned as my pussy lips stretched wider and wider around his thick cock. The Black man entered my sloppy twat with ease. I groaned as I sank down him, panting. Drool dribbled down my cheek as my boobs swayed. I pushed back and back. His cock reached so deep into me. All the way to my cervix. My rump pressed into the wall.

Fuck, he groaned and drew back his cock.

Yes! I squealed as he rammed back into me. Oh, yes, yes, fuck my married pussy! Oh, you're so much bigger than my husband!

He hammered my cunt as a new cock appeared before me along with a twenty that dropped to the floor. I opened my mouth wide and swallowed this new cock. I groaned at the salty flavor of his dick as that big cock pumped away at me.

My orgasm built so fast as the Black stud hammered my cunt. I whimpered, moaning around the dick in my mouth as he churned me up. He pumped away at me so fast. I would cum so hard on him. Just explode on that big dick churning me up.

Fuck, groaned the Black stud fucking me. Jesus, you're tight.

I hear she's a preacher wife, the stranger I blew groaned.

I was, moaning my agreement around his cock.

All women are fucking sluts, groaned the Black guy. Shit, she's got a tight pussy, though. Goddamn, I'm gonna bust a big nut in her twat!

Yes! the stranger groaned, his dick twitching in my mouth.

He tasted so good. His precum spilled over my tongue. I groaned, sucking so hard on him. I nursed with passion on him, my head bobbing up and down. I wanted to make him cum. I ached to guzzle down all his jizz.

The Black guy hammered my cunt. He fucked his dick into my snatch hard and fast. The pleasure rippled through my body. I groaned, soaring that wonderful cock slamming into my snatch again and again. 

I squeezed my cunt down on that big dick. I loved that huge cock ramming into me. It was just spectacular to have him fucking me like that. I whimpered, my hips wiggling from side to side, stirring my hot flesh around him.

Goddamn, she knows how to suck dick! groaned the stranger.

Sluts always do, the Black guy groaned as he buried into me.

I loved sucking dicks. It was so much fun. And the salty rewards...

I nursed hard, my cheeks hollowing. Drool ran down my chin. I slurped on that dick in my mouth while my cunt gripped that thick shaft. The stud's ebony cock churned me up. My orgasm swelled in me. I trembled, so close to bursting.

So close to exploding on him.

The cameras were rolling. Across the world, men would jerk off to me sucking one dick while another plowed into my cunt. They would all get so turned on by sinful antics. They would know I was a preacher's wife.

I hoped they all came so hard watching me.

The Black stud buried into my juicy snatch. I exploded. My pussy writhed around his amazing dick. The waves of heat washed through me as he grunted. He pumped away at my climaxing cunt. My cheating twat nursed at him.

Fuck, yes! he growled and erupted.

The Black man's jizz flooded my cunt. I moaned around the dick in my mouth. I suckled so hard on him as my pussy rippled around that amazing dick. My body shuddered, tits swaying as more and more pleasure rushed through me.

Shit! the stranger I blew groaned. He erupted, too.

Cum flooded both my holes. I had jizz surging into me from both directions. I groaned, loving that heat surging through me. Stars burst across my vision. It was incredible to have all that delight sweeping through me.

I trembled here, my cunt rippling around one erupting dick while I swallowed the salty jizz of another. My mind melted from the pleasure. I loved this so much. I was addicted to cumming. To cocks. I needed more dicks.

I needed to spend all my time at the gloryhole. I was such a hot wife slut for this. I trembled as both cocks fired the last of their cum. This was perfect. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mrs. green loves it. No one knows that she does it outside of my parents. And me, of course. She has been going all week, and the videos of her are selling on my mommy's website. Today, Mom's going to give Mrs. Green her first royalty check.

Tomorrow, Mrs. Green will be kneeling at the gloryhole, waiting for her next dick. She's a slut for cocks, and she'll get all the cum she craves. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Church was over by the time Kristen finished writing her story about Mrs. Green and the Gloryhole. It wouldn't happen, of course. Everyone was spilling out into the foyer. Her brother had Natalie with him. He looked so sharp in his suit, and she was so cute in her Sunday dress.

Kristen's parents came out. Mrs. Green was speaking to them. Mrs. Miller slipped Mrs. Green an envelope and hugged her. So did Kristen's dad. Kristen didn't think much of the envelope. There was no way it could be the royalty payments since Mrs. Green didn't really go to an adult store to suck all the dicks she could.

Mark Green, one of Mrs. Green's two kids, was talking with his girlfriend. Kristen knew Chastity wouldn't put out. The girl was saving herself for marriage. I bet he's so frustrated, thought Kristen. What if he learned about a certain gloryhole?

To be continued...
