
		DESPARATE HOUSWIVES 
                			Chapter nine
				By Black Heart

	It was a Thursday evening, just a day before the usual sleep over and porn filming session and Sandi and Amanda were on the phone discussing problems their sites were experiencing.
	They didn't know that the boys had breached the security of their sites and the problems they were having with their sites was a direct result of Norman's handiwork.
	He was still in Amanda's clutches, Timmy was going to stay at Sandi's place for another session and Ryan was going to be with Lillian.
	"This will probably be the last time we have this arrangement as I think we will have to bring in somebody new.  I was thinking Theresa Perry or Alice Kosygin or maybe both.  Each of them has sons and I believe each of them are equally broke as they were part of our investment group," Sandi told Amanda during the phone conversation.
	"Well we have to do something, maybe a couple of new people will help bring up the ratings on our site," Amanda said in agreement.
	"Yes, I have seen the latest stats and they do not look good.  We are losing some of our subscribers and the rest are threatening to quit unless we show them something new.  The feedback indicates that our pussy licking and fucking routine has become boring to them," Sandi said.
	"And you know what that means, some of our sick, perverted viewers are demanding we suck the boys off and swallow everything or let them give us facials," Amanda complained with a sour note in her voice.
	"Remember when we started this, how we both agreed we would not go there.  That it was going to be carpet munching and then a straight fuck.  Nothing more and certainly nothing too kinky," she added.
	"Oh I remember all right," countered Sandi.  "And I thought we could get away with just doing some of the regular stuff but it looks as if that's no longer possible.  I was talking to our sponsor, Marcella and she reminded that these dirty old men can be very fickle and that many of them are on limited budgets so if our site isn't giving them their jollies they will move on pretty quick, sometimes in droves."
	"There is something else Marcella told me.  She says cock sucking, swallowing and facials are common action on most other sites because that's  what the viewers want to see."
	"So that means our site might be toast unless we do it," Amanda asked bluntly.
	"Yes and there is another reason," Sandi interrupted.  
	"In my last session with your son, he was quite adamant about me returning the favour after he licked my pussy.  He said it wasn't fair that he provides all the oral action and that he gets none.  He indicated the boys might refuse to co-operate unless things changed.
	"You mean like going on strike or something," Amanda asked with disbelief in her voice.  "I think Timmy is getting a bit too big for his britches.  I will talk to him."
	"Well, you can give it a try but I don't think it will do any good.  I tried to talk to Ryan and got nowhere," Sandi warned Amanda.
	"He told me Lilly is only too happy to give him blow jobs and she swallows and does whatever else he wants," Sandi added.
	"That bitch, she's the cause of all our problems.   I think she is being away too slutty," Amanda angrily replied.
	"I think so too," said Sandi, "but have  you have seen the ratings on her site?"
	"I checked them and they are far better than ours.  She must be making tons of money while our customers keep dwindling," Sandi added.
	"So what do you think we should do," Amanda asked?
	"If we want to keep the site and make the big bucks, then we are going to have to expand our activities," Sandi said.
	"And that's what beginning to worry me," Amanda interrupted.
	"The way things look, it seems as if the boys are going to have us over a barrel.  We give in to this and in a few weeks they are going to demand something else, like anal sex or something.  Then a few weeks later it is going to be something else and we are going to have to go along with it whether we like it or not," Amanda bluntly vented her feelings.
	"You know we are fast losing control here.  If it isn't the boys demanding something, it's our viewers and we must follow their fickle, sick desires or we're toast."
	Sandi was silent, making sure her friend got everything off her chest before she spoke.
	"I agree with you.  You have a right to be worried about where this is going and about us losing control over everything.  But I don't think we have a choice."
	"So you are going ahead with it?" Amanda asked.
	"If we do, all I see is big trouble ahead," she warned Sandi.
	"Well, all I see is big bucks.  Remember these are our sons and when the times comes to put our feet down, I think we get control of the situation again," Sandi countered.
	There was silence on the phone while Amanda considered this.
	Too much silence as far as Sandi was concerned.  She was fast losing patience with her friend.
	"You in or out?" she broke the silence.
	"Okay I am in but I am not too thrilled and if this all blows up in our face, I am going to be saying I told you so," Amanda reluctantly agreed.
	"Now what about new recruits?  Do we want Theresa, Alice or both," Sandi asked.
	There was silence on the phone as Amanda considered the question.  
	Finally she spoke.
	"Both," she said.   "I think we need them both if we want to start making big bucks again."
