The Sperm Donation

Jack found the small advertisement in the local newspaper.

"Sperm donors needed. To apply please come to..." with the number and street of a local address. Intrigued, Jack decided to go down and check it out since the next day was his day off.

The address brought him to a nondescript office in an industrial park with nothing special to distinguish it from any other. He went inside and introduced himself to the receptionist sitting just inside the door. He was directed to wait and someone would be available to interview him soon.

After a few minutes he was called in and a woman doctor talked to him for a few minutes, asking him questions about his health. Then he was given a physical exam and a blood test. When they were done he was given an appointment to return next week to make his first donation.

The week passed quickly and soon the appointed day for his first donation came. He returned to the same nondescript office building as before and was instructed to wait for a few minutes.
 
Finally a woman appeared and called Jack's name. He stood up to indicate he was the one she was seeking. The woman was Asian and dressed in a short, tight white dress which came down to mid-thigh. Jack could see her nipples poking out in the material of her dress, which clung to her breasts.

"Hello, I'm Mei," the woman introduced herself.

"Jack."

"Follow me please," she said turning and walking through an open doorway. Jack followed and found himself in a hallway with several closed doors on each side. The woman led the way to one of these and opened the door and entered. Jack followed, closing the door behind him.

Inside it looked somewhat like the standard medical office exam/treatment room, with an examination table in the middle.

"Please undress and lie down on the table," Mei instructed as she busied herself with something on a table against the wall. Jack was a bit curious because the medical exam had been done last week but he complied. The paper covering the table crackled as he sat back on it after removing his clothes. Mei was busy for a couple more minutes before she finally turned back toward Jack.

"Usually what would happen now on most other clinics like ours is you would be given a cup and a magazine and then sent off to another room to do the rest by alone." Mei explained. "But here we feel we are able to achieve a better result by providing assistance to our donors. That's why I will remain here with you to help you. We feel this assistance will give us the high quality sperm we need for our clients."

Jack sat still in surprise for a moment and then he realized this might be even more fun than he first thought. "What should I do?" he asked.

"You don't have to do anything. Just lay back and let me take care of everything," Mei replied.

"OK," he said and lay back on the table, the paper crackling more as he moved. His penis was starting to respond as well, starting to swell with the beginning of an erection. Initially Jack had been a little inhibited by the strange setting but now he was feeling more relaxed and starting to get into what was happening.

"What I am going to do is stimulate your penis with my hands until you reach orgasm. As you ejaculate I'll catch your semen with this container," Mei said. She showed Jack a glass tube with a flared end large enough to fit over the head of his cock. Mei set it aside within easy reach and turned her attention to Jack's now fully erect penis.

"Ah, good, you have a good erection already I see," Mei commented as she took Jack's cock in her right hand and began to stroke it. Jack felt a strong surge of pleasure and excitement flow through his body from his cock.

"By the way, I'm not wearing anything under this dress," Mei told him. This excited Jack even more and Mei smiled when she felt the penis in her hand become even harder. "You can check it if you want to. You can touch me," she added.

Since Mei was standing on his right side he reached down with his right hand toward Mei's thigh. She smiled at him when his hand touched her thigh. "Go ahead," she told him.

The feel of Mei's skin excited Jack even more and sent a new surge of pleasure through him. He slid his hand up Mei's thigh and Soon felt the swell of one of her buttocks. He continued up until he reached her waist and discovered she was correct, she had nothing on under her dress.

Jack moved his hand back down to Mei's bottom and cupped her round ass with his hand. Mei smiled at him as he gave it a gentle squeeze.

"You can touch my pussy if you want to," Mei said with a bigger smile.

Jack reached around to her front and found she was shaved and wet. Mei's pussy lips were cool and smooth to his touch as his fingers brushed across them. Mei spread her legs a little to give Jack better access to her sex.

Mei noticed Jack's penis was starting to get really hard now and the head was tight and swollen. She knew he was going to orgasm soon and she reached for the container she would need to catch his ejaculated semen.

Mei redoubled her efforts on Jack's cock and soon felt his cock making that final tensing before orgasm. She brought the container to the tip of his penis and waited for him to cum. She did not have long to wait.

Suddenly Mei felt the penis in her hand spasm and a jet of white semen jetted into the glass container. Mei watched fascinated, she loved watching the semen squirt out of a man's penis during his orgasm. She watched as several more spurts of cum jetted into the container, splashing against the glass wall at the end. She continued to stroke Jack's cock with her hand to milk out all the sperm.

When Jack's orgasmic spasms finally slowed and the last few drops of semen dropped into the container Mei drew it aside. Holding the now filled container carefully bent down and licked the head of Jack's penis. Her tongue cleaned away the last drop of semen that clung to the tip.

Mei released jack's penis and turned away to the table. She worked for a few moments to prepare the load of semen she had just collected from Jack. Then she left the room still carrying the filled container, leaving Jack laying exhausted on the table.

After a few minutes Mei came back into the room, her hands empty now. She came up to the table on which Jack was still laying and smiled at him. "We're done for today but if you want to stay for a while I have something extra for you. I like you Jack and I would like to get another donation, this time just for me." Mei told him.

"Sure! I have plenty of time," Jack replied, still lying naked on the exam table.

"Great!" Mei said. She grabbed the hem of her dress and pulled it off over her head. Just as she had told Jack earlier Mei was wearing nothing under it.

Mei had small breasts with dark nipples which were already erect with excitement. Her shaved pussy and small breasts made her look like a little girl but this only increased her attractiveness. Jack thought she was beautiful and he felt a renewed excitement already. Mei smiled when she saw his cock start to stir once again.

"This time I have a different container for your donation, Jack. Me!" Mei said as she came to stand next to the table on which Jack lay. "Do you want to ejaculate inside my vagina this time?"

"Oh yeah!" Jack replied. A strong surge of excitement thrilled through him. His penis started to swell with the idea he would soon fuck this cute Asian girl.

"Great!" Mei said with a big smile. "Just like before, just lay back and let me take care of everything."

Mei reached down and took Jack's cock in her hand and stroked it a few times. Despite having cum only a few minutes ago
Jack was already hard once again. Mei climbed up on the table with Jack and slid herself full length onto his body. Jack moved his hands to the Asian girl's ass as she leaned down to kiss him. The two kissed as Jack continues to explore Mei's ass cheeks with his hands.

Mei reached back and grasped Jack's hard cock with her right hand. She rubbed the head of it against her pussy for a moment, seeking the opening. She found it and started pushing back, which caused Jack's cock to push into her wet pussy.

For Jack the feel of his cock entering the Asian girl's pussy was exquisite. It had already been a fun and pleasurable experience for him and now it was even better. Jack and the girl both moaned with as his cock slowly filled the girl's pussy. She smiled at him when she finally had Jack's cock fully inside herself.

Mei began to move up and down on Jack's cock now. Her tight, wet pussy felt wonderful as she moved. Jack put his hands on her hips and started pushing up to meet her downward strokes. Mei increased her pace and Jack felt she was going to cum soon. It seems the previous session had excited her too, and now it was her turn for satisfaction and she wanted it all.

"This time I want you to ejaculate inside my vagina," Mei told him as she rode his cock. "I want you to cum in me."

This excited Jack even more and he pushed up into the girl's pussy even harder than before. He felt her pussy squeezing his cock firmly as she rode him. Mei's movements became frenzied as she reached her orgasm. She moaned as the pleasure of it filled her body. She dropped her body to lie on Jack's chest.

This was too much for Jack and he began to cum, too. He pushed his cock as deep into the girl's pussy as he could. 
Mei squealed as she felt Jack's cock start to squirt hot semen into her pussy. Mei ground her pussy against Jack as she felt him cum. This brought her to another quick climax as Jack finished cumming inside her.

Mei slowly relaxed while remaining on top of Jack, his cock still inside her pussy. Mei rested on top of him for a few minutes, her naked form a pleasant weight on Jack's chest. 

Mei stirred and lifted herself off Jack, rolling off to lie on the table next to Jack. She sat up and then slid off the table to stand. She walked over to the desk and sat down. With that she was suddenly back to her professional persona.

"You are finished for today. We will call you when we need you again," Mei told him. She pulled her dress on over her head and left the room.

As soon as Mei was gone Jack got dressed and went home.
