Will needs his sister's help.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Experiment, Chapter 2 (mF, inc, mc, nosex, oral, ScFi, f-solo, m-solo, toys)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Dot froze. Her brother had been watching her masturbate on her cam channel through her bedroom door!

*Boyfriend?* another chatter asked, echoing the previous question.

She had to think fast. Incest was illegal and would get her cam channel shut down if she revealed the truth! "Um, that's my boyfriend, ya! I gotta go get fucked now, y'all, so tune in tomorrow!" Then she waved her hand to shut down the feed. The auto-cam retracted back to the wall.

Double-checking that the feed really had shut down, she bounded from the bed. Will was no longer at her door, so she stomped over to his and wrenched it open.

"Hey! Dot!" Will's shorts were around his ankles and his hard cock was in his hand.

She paused, momentarily blindsided by the sight of his member, what she could see of it, anyway. The pale head and upper shaft protruded from his grip. She estimated that it was a good 6 or 7 inches long.

Will covered his crotch, breaking the spell.

Right, she had come in here for a reason! "What the hell were you doing, spying on me while I'm camming?!" she screeched at him. "If you're gonna perv, just subscribe like the rest of the pervs, you perv!"

"The door was open..." Will said weakly, "It sounded like you were in pain, so I checked."

She opened her mouth and then closed it, reconsidering. HAD she closed the door before starting her show? Maybe she had left it partly open for some airflow. Now she realized that she was the one in the wrong. She felt ashamed; her younger sibling had just been worried about her!

Then she noticed that Will was staring at her glistening naked body. "Oh shit!" She did her best to cover her boobs and crotch with her arms and backed out of the room.

A few seconds later, Will's glasstab pinged with a message from her: *Sorry 4 saying ur a perv. I'll make it up 2u.*

---

Lindy lay on top of her bed, naked except for her panties, her pillow between her legs as she humped into it. The 16-year-old curvy brunette was so horny! She had had sex only once, a few weeks ago, with Rob, a neighbor a couple years older than her. It had been okay, but then she found out that he already had a girlfriend and broke it off with him. Men were such pigs! she raged.

Well, except for her brother Will, of course. She hadn't known what to think when she caught him looking down her shirt, but she had been sitting on the floor, yanking her top forward to get some airflow, and Will had been standing above her...as a teen boy, of course he looked! And by the look of his hard cock poking out the top of his shorts, he had appreciated what he saw.

Rob had liked her boobs too, moving his hands straight to them once her shirt was off. She had always hated how big they were, always getting in the way, but if they gave her an advantage over more conventionally attractive women, maybe they weren't so bad? she considered. She cupped one with her hand and then tweaked the nipple a little, making her gasp.

Rob had glommed his mouth to her nipples and she had never felt anything like it. She hefted that boob in her hand...could she...? She pulled it up while straining her mouth toward it...almost...almost...

"What the hell were you doing...?"

Surprised, Lindy let go of her boob. Her older siblings were arguing down the hall, though beyond Dot's initial screech, Lindy couldn't hear what it was about. After a few seconds it quietened down and Lindy tried to lick her own nipple again, but her boobs just weren't big enough, ironically, or her tongue long enough; she was getting a crick in her neck. She returned to sliding her wet, panty-covered pussy against her body pillow, but she just couldn't cum! Frustrated and even hotter now, she decided to just go to sleep.

---

Once Dot left Will's room and closed the door behind her, he started masturbating again. His cock felt huge, and yet strangely insensitive. He stroked and stroked, thinking about the hot redhead neighbor he sometimes saw in the hall, but he was no closer to release. He pulled up some porn on his glasstab, but even that didn't help; nothing was working! Then, unbidden, he remembered his older sister on her back, thrusting that flesh-colored dildo inside herself. That helped, but shame won out and he had to give up. All that exertion had heated him up, and he lay back on his bed, frustrated.

His cock was incredibly hard now, and it seemed to have grown, as well; it was maybe seven inches now, he figured! It was getting uncomfortable. He took his glasstab and browsed to a medical chat room. He was glad for the anonymity of the internet for his embarrassing issue, but the consensus was that he had to ejaculate. "Well, thanks for that brilliant insight," he growled, tossing the glasstab onto the bed beside him. His erection was getting painful now.

---

Knock knock!

"Hm?" Dot had been dozing on her bed. "Yeah?"

Her door opened and Will poked his head in. "Dot? I need your help."

She sat up. She had changed into a two-piece bikini swimsuit before falling asleep from the heat. "Sure...with what?"

"Um...this." He stepped forward and pointed at his cargo shorts, which were tented out by his hard cock.

She gasped. "What...what am I supposed to do with that?"

He shifted his weight from foot to foot, finding it difficult to sit still due to the painful pressure between his legs. "Internet says I have to cum, but I can't get it to do that! I'm scared, Dot!"

Dot considered her own issue with being unable to orgasm, probably from the heat, she figured, but she didn't have testicles like her brother. He must really be in pain to ask for help! Plus, a little voice in her head said that it really wanted to see all of what her brother was packing. "Umm, okay...pull it out."

In a flash, his shorts and underwear were around his ankles and she saw his turgid purple member pointing at her. Yep, seven inches, she guessed, confirming her earlier assessment. It looked angry. She paused, looked up at his embarrassed, pained expression, and reached forward to start stroking it.

"Huhh..." he moaned.

She shifted to sit on the edge of her bed to facilitate the stroking. "Is that...helping?" she asked after a few more seconds. Her mouth was starting to salivate.

"Err...no...I think I need more stimulation."

She stopped stroking him. "What are you asking me to do, Will?" Her eyes flipped from his face back to his member...her vulva was so engorged...

"Can you...your mouth? Please! You said you'd make it up to me..."

So she had. She sighed and leaned forward to take the head of her brother's cock into her warm mouth, making him groan. Then she inhaled most of his shaft before pulling back and doing it again. She had given blowjobs before to boyfriends, but this was her brother, so it was just weird. Her damn nipples were rubbing on the inside of her bikini fabric as she bobbed on his member, making her pussy churn.

He tensed up. "Oh, I think I'm gonna..."

Quickly, she pulled her mouth off of him and stroked. She reached over and grabbed her tissue box with her free hand to catch what she knew would be a voluminous ejaculation.

"Ergh...damnit..." Will's approaching orgasm had backed off when she switched back to her hand.

Realizing this, she engulfed his cock with her mouth again and continued bobbing up and down on it.

"Oh, Dottt..."

She pulled off again and stroked him, eager to get this ridiculous scenario over and done with. As before, though, his orgasm backed off. It seemed that there was nothing for it, so she moved her mouth forward to take him to the root, the tip of his cock dipping into her throat.

"Dottt...!" Will cried out as his penis swelled in her mouth, and then an avalanche of his hot cum was rolling down her throat. She pulled back a little and let the next bursts of his semen fill her mouth before swallowing, and still there was more! Finally, Will staggered back, completely bereft of energy. "Oh, thank you, Dot! I feel so much better now!"

Dot gulped the last of his copious spend and watched as his member deflated, realizing that she was actually a little disappointed. But no, this was her brother, she reminded herself. She had helped him, like a good older sister, but she felt even hornier now.

Her naked brother came forward to give her a hug and she rolled back. "Um, nope! Just...go, okay, Will? This was too weird."

He pulled his shorts back up. "Um, yeah, I'm sorry. Thank you again for helping me, Dot."

She nodded and he went back to his room, closing her door behind him. Dot tried her dildo again, but it just wasn't hitting the right spots somehow. Her mind flashed back, unbidden, to Will's cock, so purple and angry, and that helped a little, but ultimately she had to give up again, overheated and breathing heavily.

---

Back in his room, Will pulled off all of his clothes and collapsed onto his bed. Within seconds, he was dead asleep. A few minutes later, there was a small hiss from the air vent in his room. Will slept on...

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)