TALES FROM A COUNTRY ESTATE

Part 4, Cruel Selection

By Dickins

A dark and sadistic tale set in England.

Later that afternoon, Jane joined her mistress for the journey to
St Agatha's. Before leaving, Lady Marlborough suggested that she
would find her visit more pleasurable if she were to refrain from
wearing any undergarments and strap a short but stout rubber cock
into her cunt like all the other ladies.

It was a bright and sunny afternoon, which helped Jane to relax
as it became apparent to her that by not wearing undergarments
she was not only more comfortable, but due to the enclosed nature
of the custom built Brougham any activity inside would be hidden
from prying eyes.

Compared to yesterday the ride was quite uneventful, that is,
except for the delightful feelings the broken braces caused as
the carriage made it's way along the bumpy country lanes. The
driver, who had been promised an extra shilling, knew just when
to avoid the potholes and when to drive over them. This would
become more apparent during the journey home as the potholes
would cause them to have many orgasms as they excitedly abused
their prey.

Lady Marlborough took the opportunity during the journey to tell
Jane just how much she enjoyed seeing her abuse the twins Sophie
and Hazel last night and also that Sister Sapphire and Miss
Fletcher the court escort would be only too pleased to let her
assist them.

She also reassured her that they both shared her penchant for
abusing little girls and explained that her good friend had been
a children's nurse like her mother before she found her true
calling as a nun.

***

Arriving early, as was Lady Marlborough's habit, the carriage
entered the main gates and climbed up the meandering drive to the
top of the hill where Jane was able to glimpse the imposing three
storey gothic building for the very first time.

On either side of the main chapel stood two identical wings that
had curios little faces pressed to the windows, no doubt in the
hope that the visitors would be coming to take them away from the
misery of the harsh regime.

As he had done on many occasions before, the driver continued
around to the back of the orphanage and into a courtyard stopping
outside a building that to Jane looked like the laundry at
Marlborough Hall.

Smoke was rising from one of the three chimneys and steam poured
out of a half opened window. The two-storey red brick building
had large windows downstairs and smaller ones upstairs, a grey
slate roof and a trellis of roses around the entrance, which in
contrast to the main building gave a false sense of reassurance
to any new arrivals.

Waiting to greet them was Sister Sapphire, the nun her mistress
had told her about. Lady Marlborough smiled as she saw the lust
in her face, which contrasted nicely against the whiteness of her
veil and was in no doubt due to the rubber cock that she also had
inserted under her black habit.

"Good Afternoon Sister! Let me introduce Jane, who is the
daughter of Nurse Jenkins one of my staff. I have brought her
along to help with 'the welcome' and to select any girls who are
suitable to be taken into service," Lady Marlborough explained.

"Please come in. We still have a little time before they are due
to arrive," the nun said, embracing her good friend and smiling
at her young companion.

As they entered, Jane was keen to look around and see what
equipment and apparatus would be available for 'the welcome' that
she had heard so much about, but was disappointed when they were
led straight into the parlour. However, she soon perked up when a
young girl with a glazed expression and dressed in a white sailor
uniform entered the room carrying a tray of refreshments.

As a patroness of St Agatha's, the nuns adopted Lady 
Marlborough's suggestion that the standard uniform should be a
white sailor suit, consisting of a middy blouse, kilt, white knee
length stockings and black shoes and to ensure easier access to
their bottoms and thighs for punishment that they should be
denied any undergarments.

"Now! Please take a seat and make yourselves comfortable," Sister
Sapphire announced.

To Jane's surprise, the chairs had been placed in an arc creating
a large space for entertainment and on a table in the corner a
large jug of the special lemonade and some fancy cakes had been
laid out for the unsuspecting new arrivals.

"Ladies! This is Beatrice Watson, who tells me that she is ready
to be taken into service. She is going to serve refreshments and
then entertain us, is that not correct?" Sister Sapphire
announced.

"Yes Miss!" Beatrice replied, the lemonade masking her confusion
as she heard the mention of having to entertain them.

"How old are you child?" Lady Marlborough asked.

"Thirteen, Miss," Beatrice, replied.

"You are very pretty," Lady Marlborough told her, comparing her
to her stepdaughter who was of a similar build and age.

"Thank you, Miss," Beatrice said.

"That's enough vanity child! Serve the refreshments," Sister
Sapphire ordered her.

They watched as the young girl made fumbled attempts at serving
them the refreshments, ended up with her spilling some of the tea
on the carpet.

"Watch what you are doing! If that happens again, I will whip
your bottom and thighs, do you understand?" the nun said,
unhooking the dog whip that hung from her waist.

"Yes Miss! I am sorry," Beatrice, replied.

"Very well! Continue," Sister Sapphire ordered.

The ladies smiled at the girl in the hope that she might be put
off and it didn't take long before she dropped one of the
saucers.

"You clumsy child! What did I tell you I would do if that
happened again?" Sister Sapphire asked.

"That you would whip me, Miss," Beatrice replied.

"Where?" the nun asked abruptly.

"On my bottom and thighs, Miss," Beatrice replied starting to
cry.

"Now! Get down and pick up the pieces," Sister Sapphire ordered.

As the girl got down on her hands and knees, her kilt rose
revealing her bottom and thighs and giving a tantalising glimpse
of her lovely smooth cunt and anus.

"Miss Jenkins! Do you think that this clumsy little tart deserves
to be whipped?" the nun asked with a smile, stroking the tip of
the whip over her bottom and in-between the cheeks caressing her
cunt and anus and causing her hips to buck delightfully.

"I am not sure! But it would be a shame to spoil such a lovely
bottom and thighs with such a cruel whip. Perhaps instead, she
could help us with 'the welcome' and have the chance to prove
that she is ready to be taken into service," Jane suggested.

"Very well then! Get up girl and serve our guests properly,"
Sister Sapphire ordered.

Beatrice managed to serve the refreshments much to the relief of
her mistress, who smiled at the thought of all the pain and
humiliation still to come for the poor girl.

"Now! Perhaps you could show Jane around the rest of the rooms
and explain to her what 'the welcome' entails, whilst we have a
little talk," Lady Marlborough said, the desire to coerce the
little tart into letting herself be abused in order to show her
willingness to please, becoming ever more enticing.

"Certainly! Come with me Miss Jenkins," Sister Sapphire said, her
experience telling her just what the look on her good friends
face meant.

When they had left, Lady Marlborough helped Beatrice to clear the
crockery and then beckoned her to come over and stand in front of
her.

"So you think that you are ready to be taken into service, do
you?" Lady Marlborough asked, looking straight into her the
little tarts glazed over eyes.

"Yes Miss," Beatrice replied.

"Have you ever been cruel to other girls?" Lady Marlborough
asked.

"Yes Miss! The nuns have put me in charge of my dormitory and
they let me spank them when they are naughty," Beatrice replied.

"Do you enjoy spanking them?" Lady Marlborough asked.

"Oh yes Miss! I enjoy spanking them very much, especially the
younger ones whose bottoms seem to be much more sensitive,"
Beatrice replied with a smile.

"Can you take orders and do as you are told?" she asked.

"Yes Miss," Beatrice replied, confidently.

"Very well! Remove your uniform!" Lady Marlborough ordered,
watching excitedly as she slowly removed her middy blouse and
kilt to stand naked in only her socks and shoes.

Stepping around the back of the child, she admired her lovely
bottom and thighs, which she was pleased to see, were
unblemished. However, she knew that it wouldn't be long before
they would be showing signs of cruel abuse and punishment.

Moving around to her front, she caressed her budding breasts and
was delighted when her nipples started to harden, whether from
nerves or from the coldness of the room, it didn't matter.
Pinching them hard she watched as her eyes widened with the pain
and her mouth let out a sharp gasp of surprise.

Placing a finger between the tart's thighs she pried open her
labia to find it hot and wet, the entrance to her cunt opening up
to her touch. At the same time, she brought her hand down sharply
on her bottom and began to spank in a slow but firm rhythm, until
the pain caused her to writhe delightfully. The little tart's
breasts stood upright, her pubis high and her bottom glowed
deliciously from the spanking.

"Well, well! You like pain as well, do you?" Lady Marlborough
said, her long finger invading her delicious cunt and bringing
her up onto her toes and gasping for breath.

"Yes Miss!" Beatrice replied.

Laughing, she watched as the little tart hopped from one foot to
the other with pain then reached into her pocket for a stout
rubber cock and attached a long cord and hook to it.

Taking it over to the door, she hooked it over the top and
adjusted the length of the cord so it stood out from the door's
surface and at the right height for the little tart. A flat piece
was then attached to the bottom edge to hold it firmly outwards.

"What's that Miss?" Beatrice asked frantically rubbing her
bottom.

Lady Marlborough didn't answer but just smiled as she lubricated
the bulbous head and its long, stout and curved shaft.

"Come here," she told her.

"But Miss! It's naughty! Beatrice wailed.

"Now! Are you going to do as you are told, or do you want me to
spank your bottom again?" Lady Marlborough said.

"No Miss! I am sorry," Beatrice, sobbed.

Turning her around so that she could admire her handiwork she
smiled as the little tart swooned as her fingers roughly caressed
her anus and cunt from between the cheeks of her little bottom.

"Right, you little tart!" Lady Marlborough spat, her eyes once
more glowing with delight. With a hand holding the suspended cock
still, she swept her arm around Beatrice's waist and lifted and
pulled her back, towards the waiting cock. Beatrice didn't
understand what was happening but something slippery was sliding
up and down and around her bottom.

Then, suddenly, it all changed as her struggling body had brought
the rounded tip of the unforgiving cock against her anus and,
rather than being pulled off of it she was dropped down onto it.
She stretched, her mouth and eyes widening as she descended. Her
anus constricted around it and fluttered as she tried to expel it
from her bottom.

"Please, Miss!" Beatrice squealed.

Lady Marlborough took no notice and took hold of her wrists and
tied them to the cords holding the rubber cock against the door.
When she pulled on them experimentally, the little tart felt the
horrid thing in her bottom surge painfully upwards.

Beatrice tottered on her toes and squirmed on the cock. The
upward angle stopped her from sliding off of it, and the
stoutness of its girth meant that it was too tight for her to
jump from it either, so she stood erect, panting and crying and
just looked beseechingly at her mistress.

"This may help," she told her, as she retrieved a martinet whip
that had long leather strands made from soldiers boot laces from
a drawer in the table and showed it to her.

To a novice like Beatrice, the feel of the whip striking her cunt
and breasts whilst the rubber cock was still in her bottom would
work its magic, and send her into howls of anguish before any
pleasure began to bloom.

Beatrice, panting for breath as she tried not to move on the
rubber cock, starred at the whip, shaking her head in disbelief.
Yet as she starred, the whip was suddenly brought down hard
across the front of both her thighs making her scream. She wept,
her toes beginning to hurt, as her rectum clenched itself around
the cock deep inside her.

Breathless with passion, Lady Marlborough swept the whip round,
this time letting the slender strands sting her vulva, making her
scream again and writhe on the rubber cock. She whipped her
breasts, facing the child to flick first forehand and then
backhand to include each erect nipple while the girl panted and
squirmed, her eyes glazed as the multitude of burning, tingling,
biting and stinging sensations coursed through her.

"Starting to enjoy it now, aren't you?" Lady Marlborough teased
her, flicking the whip lower and lower, before concentrating on
her proud little cunt.

Beatrice gasped aloud and shook as each strike on her tender
pubis forced her bottom to push down on the cock. The sensation
no longer hurt, but brought on different feelings, each just as
fierce.

"No, no," she begged panting and shaking, tossing her head in an
effort to deny what was being done to her.

"You think I don't know?" Lady Marlborough grinned.

She spun the whip around and stuck the handle under her pubic
mound, watching the little tart's reaction and grinning as the
girl tried thrusting her pelvis forward, stretching her anus
around the unyielding cock.

"Please, please!" Beatrice shouted, as she descended the full
length of the rubber cock and opened her thighs wide so that her
mistress could whip into her cunt.

The feeling within her caused her head to crack against the door,
yet it went unfelt as her body erupted, the sensations far in
excess of anything she could ever have produced whilst
masturbating with her fingers.

"Get dressed and follow me," Lady Marlborough ordered.

It was Lady Marlborough's habit on these visits to go upstairs
where she could watch discreetly as the carriage arrived. Leading
Beatrice passed rooms they both knew well; the voices of the
others faint due to the thickness of the walls, she made that the
girl lead the way.

As they climbed, the movement of the cock in her cunt only served
to enrich her excitement as she watched the little tart's kilt
rise up every time she grabbed a hold of the rails revealing the
crimson hue of her well-spanked bottom.

Once at the top, she led Beatrice into a room whose walls formed
one of the corners of the front of the building. Two windows, one
in each corner, overlooked the courtyard and a chair had been
placed between them so that it was possible to see the whole
courtyard without having to get up. As she sat and made herself
comfortable the sound of hooves and carriage wheels could be
heard in the distance.

"Come over here!" Lady Marlborough said, indicating to Beatrice
that she wanted her to come over and stand in front of her.
Satisfied, she turned the tart to face the windows then gripped
her by the hips and pulled her backwards to sit astride her lap.
Then by moving her own thighs further apart she forced the
child's even wider.

In this position, she was able to slip one hand under Beatrice's
midi blouse and pinch her nipples whilst slipping the other under
her kilt to pinch her clitoris, which caused the child to writhe
wildly on her lap and due to her recent spanking gyrate her sore
bottom against the rubber cock in her cunt bringing her a much
needed orgasm.

"Is that their carriage?" Lady Marlborough enquired, pushing her
off her lap.

"Yes Miss," Beatrice replied.

"Good! Now go down and help, but remember, if you want Miss
Jenkins to take you into service, then you will need to be just
as cruel to the new arrivals as you are to the girls in your
dormitory, do you understand?" Lady Marlborough asked.

"Yes Miss! Thank you Miss," Beatrice replied.

Pleased with Beatrice's efforts so far and sure that she would
make the most of her new role, she excitedly stood up to look out
of the windows. As she watched, Sister Sapphire, Jane and
Beatrice went out to greet Miss Fletcher the court escort and two
little girls were quickly bundled out of the carriage and marched
inside.

As was her habit, she remained upstairs to give them time to
prepare the little darlings and on this occasion to give her time
to recover from her orgasm.

Downstairs all the equipment and appliances had been prepared and
the three rooms used for 'the welcome' made ready.

In the parlour, the scene was that of a party and even Beatrice
had to sit at the table in order to present an air of normality.
Miss Fletcher was severed tea and biscuits and the girls were
given the special lemonade and cakes and the atmosphere was made
to feel as welcoming as possible.

However, when the drugs started to take their effect things
changed for the poor little darlings. The women started to slip
their hands here and there and fondle them at every opportunity
that is until a clap of hands quickly brought them back to their
senses.

"Miss Fletcher! Take the new arrivals to the first room and see
that they are fitted with their new uniforms," Sister Sapphire
told her, with a smile.

"Yes Sister!" Miss Fletcher replied.

"Beatrice! Go and tell her ladyship that we are ready and then go
and see if Miss Fletcher needs any help," the nun ordered.

"Yes, Miss," Beatrice, replied scurrying out of the parlour.

As they passed, Jane couldn't help feeling her lust building.
Then as Sister Sapphire led the way she followed and could hear
the footsteps of Beatrice and her mistress coming down the
stairs.

The first room was used as the viewing room.

As the ladies entered they were invited to sit in the chairs that
had been arranged around a raised dais and as they waited, the
sound of reprimands and crying could be heard coming from an
adjacent room.

It came as no surprise to Lady Marlborough to hear crying coming
from the adjacent room. From experience, she remembered that Miss
Fletcher enjoyed this particular task and with the help of
Beatrice the little tarts would have been subjected to some rough
fondling as they were firstly undressed and then as their
uniforms were being checked for the correct fit.

When the door finally opened, Beatrice was the first out and
stood to one side as Miss Fletcher marched the girls over to the
dais and made them mount and face their audience.

"Ladies! Let me introduce Helen and Emily Thompson. They have
been sent here because their parents were killed in a carriage
accident and have no other relatives," Miss Fletcher explained,
paying no attention to Emily who was clasping her sister's hand
tightly and crying.

"How lovely they look in their new uniforms. How old are they?"
Miss Jenkins enquired.

"Helen is eleven and Emily is nine," Miss Fletcher announced.

"Do they have any hobbies?" Miss Jenkins asked.

"Yes Madam! On the way, Helen told me that they have been
learning to ride and that Miss Shaw their riding mistress
insisted that they sit astride their saddles and not sidesaddle
for their hourly lessons," Miss Fletcher, replied.

"Why do you think she insisted that you sit astride your saddles
and not sidesaddle?" Sister Sapphire asked.

"I am not sure Miss," Helen replied.

"Well! Did it feel pleasurable between your thighs?" she teased.

"Yes Miss! But I didn't let her know," Helen replied.

"Well! I am quite sure that she would have been able to tell,"
Sister Sapphire said, making the child blush.

"They certainly look healthy enough, but what evidence do you
have that they would be suitable to be taken into service?" Miss
Jenkins enquired.

"Well Madam! Sitting astride their saddles has certainly gone a
long way towards making their thighs sturdier so that they will
be able to cope with all the work and has made their bottoms more
resilient to pain, which I am sure will make punishing them most
rewarding," Miss Fletcher explained.

Removing their kilts, she made them turn and bend forward with
their feet placed wide apart. To demonstrate her point, she
smacked their bottoms hard making them cry and squirm, which gave
a tantalising glimpse of their cunts and anuses and for those
seated the added bonus of seeing their naked charms at eye level
due to the raised dais.

Lady Marlborough had no doubt that they would be suitable to be
taken into service and would be the perfect entertainment for the
partners on their next visit but wanted to see how they handled
being abused so decided to remain silent.

"You have demonstrated your point well Miss Fletcher. Perhaps we
should now move to the second room," Miss Jenkins suggested.

"Very well! Take them through, Miss Fletcher," Sister Sapphire
said as she returned from making the necessary preparations in
the second room.

The second room was used as the hygiene treatment room.

The room had two doors; one that Miss Fletcher led the girls
through and another that the ladies entered that had chairs for
them to watch in comfort.

As Lady Marlborough, Sister Sapphire and Miss Jenkins made
themselves comfortable, they listened as Miss Fletcher explained
to Helen and Emily how she intended to ensure that they were
thoroughly cleansed.

It wasn't long before their little faces turned from pale to
flushed then to pale again, as they saw the enema apparatus that
had long tubes and nozzles of all sizes hanging from the back
wall. A solid metal beam that was split and could be adjusted ran
across the tiled room and the floor sloped towards grilled
drains. Over to the left were washbasins and a place to hose the
new arrivals down and over to the right a line of exposed toilet
bowls.

"Beatrice! Go and help Miss Fletcher," Miss Jenkins told her.

Miss Fletcher removed their uniforms and marched the little
darlings over to the beam. As Beatrice watched, Miss Fletcher
adjusted her part of the beam and attached Helen's feet to
leather straps in the floor forcing her thighs wide apart and to
straggle the drains below, then adjusted Beatrice's part of the
beam before indicating to her to do the same to Emily. Walking
around to the front, Miss Fletcher then pulled Helen forward over
the beam and attached her wrists to leather straps in the floor
and indicted to Beatrice to do the same to Emily.

With their cunts and anuses so erotically displayed, Lady
Marlborough and Jane took great pleasure in discussing just how
much the partners would appreciate their tightness and just how
to make the most of the rest of the afternoon.

Miss Fletcher then selected two nozzles and attached them to the
long hoses that snaked down from an overhead tank containing a
solution of warm soapy water. The nozzles one large and one small
had inflatable flanges to keep the solution retained and then
keeping the larger one for Helen she handed the smaller one to
Beatrice for Emily. Beatrice took the nozzle and starred at it
flushed with excitement.

"Now watch carefully! You use the nozzle like this," Miss
Fletcher explained, dipping it in grease and then slipping it
into Helen's anus then withdrawing it again, only to force it
back in up to the hilt, her passion aroused by the child's
screams.

Beatrice's first attempts to insert the nozzle into Emily's tiny
anus were comical and caused the child much discomfort, but with
the help of Miss Fletcher she finally pushed the nozzle to its
hilt causing the child to scream loudly, which translated to the
rubber cocks in the ladies cunts as they squirmed on their
chairs.

For several minutes, Miss Fletcher spanked Helen's bottom and
pinched her clitoris and nipples making her squirm and scream
then indicated to Beatrice to do the same to Emily, which she did
without hesitation and with a huge smile. In the dormitory, she
often struggled to keep control of her prey, but Emily was held
captive and she was being encouraged to make her scream, which
she did with a real passion.

As Miss Fletcher released the solution into Helen's colon she
roughly pinched her causing the little tart to scream, which set
Emily off as Beatrice did the same to her.

Being a novice at giving enemas, Beatrice made the crucial
mistake of drawing her nozzle out prematurely, which meant that
she had to move quickly out of the way to avoid the solution as
it was expelled into the drain.

"How dare you let the solution out before being told," Miss
Fletcher reprimanded Emily.

"Please Miss! I am sorry," Emily replied.

"Insert the nozzle back into Emily's anus and then keep it
there," Miss Fletcher told Beatrice, with a smile.

"Nice and deep! Let the solution flow and then inflate those
flanges when their belly's are distended," Miss Jenkins told
them.

"Now listen! You are to keep the solution in your bottoms for a
full ten minutes and you are to remain still or you will be
punished, do you understand?" Miss Fletcher told them.

"Yes, Miss" they chorused.

Crying and desperately trying not to move on the beam, they
presented a most delightful spectacle and the ladies watched with
excitement as the poor darlings struggled as their bellies were
cruelly distended.

After ten minutes, Miss Fletcher released them both and led them
over to where the toilet bowls stood all gleaming and in a long
row. There was a strange delight, watching their expressions as
they strained to rid themselves of the solution, only to be
pulled roughly from the toilet seats and hosed down with cold
water. They screamed as the cold water hit their sore bottoms and
it caused their clitorises and nipples to become painfully hard.

"A repeat dousing is always worthwhile. They need to know that
pain is sometimes pleasurable," Miss Jenkins said with a grin.

Then they were quickly led back to the beam and once again
attached as before. With the repeat process came familiarity, and
Beatrice soon showed improvement and much pleasure in her task.
She inserted the nozzle into Emily's anus, let the solution flow
then closed the flange and kept it in for ten minutes whist
pinching her clitoris and nipples with sadistic casualness.

However, during the second enema both Helen and Emily struggled
to keep still for the whole ten minutes.

"What did I tell you would happen if you didn't remain still?"
Miss Fletcher asked.

"That we would be punished Miss," Helen replied.

Miss Fletcher released them again and marched them over to the
toilet bowls. After standing over them as they expelled the
solution, she then made them wash each other with harsh scouring
brushes and use coarse towels to dry themselves.

Hands on hips, Miss Fletcher smiled at the sobbing girls as they
came timidly forward after their ablutions and bent them over to
examine their cunts and anuses and check that they were now
clean, and then nodded her approval.

"Perhaps it is time to take them to the third room," Miss Jenkins
suggested.

"Very Well! Miss Fletcher, take them through.

Helen and Emily began to cry in earnest as they were led naked
into a room that was adjacent to the third room.

Beatrice, you go and help," Sister Sapphire said.   The third
room was used as the punishment room.

Knowing their way, the ladies entered by a different door and
then gathered around the two punishment horses. These specially
designed structures, which stood in the middle of the sound
proofed room, were made from solid wood and stood on four stout
legs.

They were decorated with straps and other pieces of leather and
their saddles were connected to handles underneath the horses so
that they could be adjusted. They stood side by side and where
positioned so that when mounted, the girl's bottoms would face
the same way and by mirrors placed on the wall in front, the
expressions on their faces could been seen by those watching from
behind.

When Helen and Emily were brought in they looked a very sorry
pair standing naked and trembling. The room was cold despite the
warm afternoon, which had them shivering after their hygiene
treatments and showing signs of arousal as their nipples started
to hardened.

Although they were used to riding ponies they were quite
bewildered by these structures. They still had that glazed look
in their eyes from the special lemonade but despite knowing that
they were about to be punished they made no attempt to defy their
tormentors.

To Jane's delight, who by now had no doubt in her mind that all
three girls would be going back to Marlborough Hall, their
bottoms appeared to be firm, delightfully rounded, covered with
goose bumps and their flesh a deep crimson from all the spankings
and rough handling.

"Watch carefully! This is how they should be made to mount," Miss
Fletcher explained.

Marching Helen over to her horse and placing a pair steps against
the structure she made her mount and sit astride the saddle
making sure that her body was pulled back so no forward motion
would protect her cunt and anus from being punished.

Then after placing her feet in the stirrups and adjusting them
she used the straps to tether her thighs apart and the handle
under the horse to adjust the saddle and lift her bottom so that
her cunt and anus were fully exposed. Indicating to Beatrice that
she should do the same with Emily, Miss Fletcher found it
necessary to help her with her task.

When Miss Fletcher gauged that they were both properly and
securely mounted she retrieved two curious looking whips for a
nearby rack.

"These are called martinet whips. The French use them to whip
their children's bottoms. However, here at St Agatha's orphanage
they are not retracted to just their bottoms," Miss Fletcher
said, swishing one through the air.

As Beatrice looked at her whip, which had a six-inch handle and
had a dozen soft oiled strands of leather attached, none shorter
than a foot in length, she felt the same lust building that she
always did when she was about to punish one of the little ones in
her dormitory.

"Now! It is up to you how you whip Emily, but I am going to start
by whipping Helen's thighs, then her bottom and then whip her
cunt and anus," Miss Fletcher explained.

"You enjoy hurting little girls don't you Beatrice?" Lady
Marlborough asked.

"Yes Miss." Beatrice replied.

"Then don't be put off by the screams," Miss Fletcher said,
bringing her whip down hard across Helen's thighs to demonstrate
her tactics and making the little tart scream.

"Thighs first," Beatrice repeated, bringing the whip down hard
across Emily's thighs and felt a surge of pleasure sweep through
her as the little one screamed and struggled against the leather
straps holding her thighs apart.

The whips rose and fell, against tender thighs that bordered pink
and sensitive genitals. The contrast in their skin tones was
remarkable, from the fair, unsullied pink of their bottoms and
genitals, to the bright red, inflamed and tortured skin of their
thighs.

It didn't take long for Miss Fletcher to move on to Helen's
bottom as the little tart wept and screamed, jerking and
squealing.

Beatrice soon followed, enjoying the site of Emily's little
bottom thrashing about in her saddle and struggling to cope with
the pain.

"Now their genitals," Miss Fletcher announced.

Beatrice nodded.

Miss Fletcher, her heart pounding and aware of how the long
leather strands would strike Helen's vulva and bulbous clitoris
hood flicked the whip onto her shoulder and felt her passion grow
as the little darling tensed, trying to ready herself.

"Slowly at first, then build up the pace," Miss Fletcher
announced.

Beatrice nodded. None of the strokes were heavy, yet they were
delivered directly onto the poor little darling's cunts and
anuses and their screaming swept right through their tormentors
and as they watched the expressions of the sisters in the
mirrors, the ladies gasped sending multiple shock waves through
their cocks, which cascaded into their cunts.

Helen's vulva was the first to open, followed by Emily's as their
inner flesh brightened and gleamed and the tips of their
clitorises peeked out tantalisingly.

Beatrice was to first to stop using the whip downwards and to
begin whipping upwards, the direction making it easier for the
pieces of leather to strike Emily's clitoris. Helen was soon
screaming as Miss Fletcher followed suit and pronounced jerks
from both little tarts told their tormentors that they had indeed
succeeded.

Moving around to the front of the horse, Miss Fletcher indicated
to Beatrice that she should do the same with Emily and brought
the whip down hard across Helen's breasts until her nipples
hardened.

Then standing sideways, Miss Fletcher used one hand to pinch
Helen's nipples and the other to masturbate her clitoris just
long enough to cause Helen to swoon but stopped before she could
have an orgasm.

Beatrice had no reservations about doing the same to Emily, but
had to stop because her little fingers were starting to ache. She
had to be helped by Miss Fletcher who pinched Emily's nipples and
clitoris until the child screamed.

It wasn't an easy task for the poor darlings to dismount as all
the strength had drained from their bodies. In the end they had
to be carried back into the parlour by Miss Fletcher who had to
make two trips. The ladies joined them for refreshments and as
they enjoyed tea and biscuits this time severed by Sister
Sapphire the girls were severed more of the special lemonade and
cakes to help revive them.

"Well! I think that went very well, don't you Miss Jenkins?" Lady
Marlborough asked.

"Yes! I think that after all there efforts to entertain us all
three girls deserve to be taken back with us to Marlborough Hall.
Beatrice to be trained as a parlour maid under Mrs Asher and
Helen and Emily to join Sophie and Hazel under myself to be
trained to entertain our guests," Miss Jenkins suggested.

"That seems like a very satisfactory idea," Lady Marlborough
said.

"Very well! Will you please see to the preparation of the girls
for their journey Miss Fletcher," Sister Sapphire said with a
smile.

"Yes Sister," Miss Fletcher replied, leading all three girls out
of the parlour.

When the little darlings were out of earshot, Lady Marlborough
and Jane started to consider ways to abuse them in the carriage
and the pleasures that their cocks were going to bring as the
driver earned his extra shilling.


