This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Lost Tribe, Part 7 (caution, nosex)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Two weeks passed.

Allie absentmindedly caressed her midsection as the slim blonde strolled through the girls' camp, spear in hand. With Karen hunting, and Mary in the cage for another turn trying for a baby with Rodney -- Mary's period having arrived a couple weeks previous -- Allie was the only one left in their dwindling tribe on guard duty.

"Psst!"

She looked around. That noise had come from off to the side of the cage. There, off in the scrub along the edge of the crescent canyon their camp occupied, crouched Jason!

"What...?" The blonde readied her spear, looking around for more members of the other tribe. He seemed to be alone.

His finger to his mouth, Jason waved for her to approach.

Allie considered for a moment. Since Mary had just gone into the cage, Allie wouldn't be needed to let her out for at least a few minutes. If it was anyone else she wouldn't hesitate to sound the alarm, but Jason...

She walked over to him, her spear at the ready. "What are you doing here?"

He stood up, his arms open to indicate he was unarmed. "Hey, Allie. I came to see you, to make sure you were okay."

"I'm...fine..." she replied uncertainly.

"And the baby?" He looked pointedly at her stomach.

She moved her hand to cover her bare midriff. "How did you know?" Her period hadn't come last week, and it had always arrived like clockwork before.

He slowly moved a little closer. "I just knew it! We have a connection, you and I. Allie, please come away with me...you're going to be the mother of my child, and I want to take care of you."

Strange feelings washed over her. "You...you do? But what about Makayla?"

He came closer, and she let her spear hang loosely from one hand, non-threateningly.

Now he was right in front of her, and she could see up into his deep blue eyes, those eyes she had looked into when he had been inside her, making her cum, filling her up with his child.

"She's not carrying my baby; you are." Then he stepped forward and she could smell his musk. She realized that she had missed that smell. He leaned forward and she dropped the spear as he took her face in his hands for a kiss.

Savoring the taste of his lips, she closed her eyes.

The scream from the plane opened them again. Sister Nancy! She turned...where was her spear?

"I'm sorry."

Then Jason wrapped her up in his strong arms, pinning hers. She struggled and kicked, but it was no use; Jason was stronger.

She saw George and Joan rush into the plane. They must have come up the clearing leading from the beach, unseen due to Jason's distraction.

"No! Mary!" But the other girl was still locked in the cage. The boys' tribe had picked the perfect time for their attack. Then she realized: "You've been watching us."

"Yes. We didn't want to hurt anyone, but Sister Nancy murdered Abe. She has to pay."

---

A few minutes earlier...

Sister Nancy dozed in the broken cabin of the crashed plane. She had slept a lot since the incident with the boys, since she had...Abe...

The cloaked figure that had haunted her dreams of late stood on the tarmac, his face hidden in the darkness of night. Behind him, an airplane that looked a lot like the one they had crashed in, except coal black, waited for her to board. She knew the destination, had known it since she had pulled that trigger two weeks previous. She walked up to the spectre. He gestured to the steps leading into the craft.

She rushed forward and ripped the cloak from his head.

Abe's face, young like the day they had crashed on the island, stared back at her accusingly. Then his mouth opened wide and chemical fire issued forth, melting the skin of his face and blinding her as he gurgled in agony.

She screamed.

---

Sister Nancy screamed just as George and Joan reached the plane from the beach approach. They looked at each other...had Sister Nancy seen them? They dashed into the plane.

---

Once Allie had seen the tribe leaders enter the cabin she stopped struggling, waiting to see what would happen.

A few minutes later, George waved them over before returning to the plane's interior.

Jason set Allie down gently and scooped her spear up before she had a chance to do anything. He wasn't holding it threateningly, though.

"It's over...c'mon." And he headed toward the plane. She followed.

They found George and Joan standing over the fallen figure of Sister Nancy. The nun's eyes were open but focused on nothing. Blood stained her coif and forehead.

"What did you do?!" Jason said, rushing forward. "We agreed to a trial!"

"Whoa, whoa, there, pardner!" George said. "We didn't do nuthin'! Found 'er like this, and nobody else is here. Looks like she done hit her head...agin."

Jason could see that Sister Nancy was still breathing. Not dead, but...what?

Joan knelt, looking at a smear of blood on the hard edge of a nearby seat arm. "Looks like she hit here. Tripped?" Then she turned to regard the unresponsive nun. "Could she be faking?"

"Easy enough to tell," George said, kneeling down and pulling his knife back out.

"GEORGE!" Everyone else moved to stop him, but he quickly grabbed Sister Nancy's hand and thrust the tip of his blade under her index finger's nail. Blood spat onto the floor as the insensate older woman's fingernail flew off. There was no noise or any sort of movement to indicate she had felt the damage.

"Nope, she gone," George remarked coldly. "Ain't no one home."

---

George and Joan searched the plane and found the flare gun, as well as the last two flare cartridges. They also found...

"Chocolate?!" Joan exclaimed reverently as George pulled the candy bar from its hiding place under a seat.

"Oh hell yeah!" George replied, examining the unopened confectionary. "She must'a fergotten it here, or...shit..." He paused, thinking. "Remember how Sister Barbara useta give out candy to the students when they did good? I bet Sister Nancy wuz keepin' this fer the same reason, but nobody wuz ever good enough for her so it just sat there."

Joan scowled. "Yeah, that sounds about right. Fucking bitch." She aimed that toward Sister Nancy, who they had moved back onto her makeshift bed of parachute silk after wrapping her finger and closing her eyes.

---

Outside, Jason took Allie to the far side of camp, away from the pounding originating from the other side of the cell door.

Jason turned to her, "I really am sorry, Allie."

"Fucking liar!" She looked ready to go at him with her fingernails.

He took a step back. "Only a little. I spoke to Makayla, and she agreed that if you want, you can join us and we can take care of our baby together. One big happy family."

She paused, thinking. "You, me, and Makayla? Wouldn't that be weird?"

He gave her a wry smile. "Any weirder than me being forced to do all the girls? Makayla was actually fine with that, and you seemed to be, too."

She felt those strange feelings again. "I'll...I'll think about it..."

"Okay! That's all I can ask." He beamed one of those toothy smiles at her and she melted. No thinking required. She took his hand.

---

They let Mary out of the cage. Unarmed, she grudgingly listened to the story of what had happened. She checked on Sister Nancy. She spoke with Allie. Finally, she agreed that she would join the other tribe as well. Jason apologized for his rough treatment of her and she apologized for sacking him when she had captured him weeks ago. Then they hugged. Bygones.

When Karen got back from hunting, Allie and Mary explained the situation. When Karen heard that Rodney would be kept in the cage indefinitely and there would be no more forced sex, she happily agreed.

---

Jason asked if Sister Nancy had gotten pregnant, since she was the first one that he was forced to have sex with.

Mary spoke up. "No, she got a really bad period a few days late. She was really upset about it."

Jason let out the breath he didn't realize he had been holding.

---

There wasn't enough room at the other camp for the reformed tribe, so everyone moved back to the plane camp. It had housed all of them after the crash, after all; it had room.

"Y'all come!" George yelled from the entrance to the plane. The tribe gathered.

He had a big shit-eating grin on his face. "To celebrate our reunion an' new covenant, ah bring forth for y'all to eat...the body of Hershey!"

There was a collective gasp as George revealed the chocolate bar from behind his back. One by one, they came forward to receive a single square of the milk chocolate. While it had turned whitish in the time they had spent on the island, it was still good; George and Joan had made sure of that right after finding it.

Finally, everyone had a piece. George looked to Joan. "Two pieces left. Leaders git extra?"

"George, don't you DARE!" Allie stepped back up. "I am PREGNANT, so gimme!"

George looked back at Joan, who nodded sagely. "Umm...okay..." He gave another piece to Allie.

Then Tina was there, grabbing the last one. "And I missed my period too...so there." She stuck out her tongue at him before turning away and nibbling on the last piece in order to make it last as long as possible.

George shook his head.

---

Sister Nancy was moved into the cage with Rodney and he was ordered to take care of her. If she died, that would factor into the length of his incarceration. They made sure to give him berries and things that could easily be crushed into a pulp. Though she didn't respond to most stimuli, she did swallow when she was given water and mashed-up food.

When the door closed and locked again, Rodney looked over at the comatose older woman. He had only just started with Mary when the screaming began, so his balls were uncomfortably full. He lifted the bottom of her habit. Not bad legs, he thought. Finally, he pulled her clothes all the way up and off. A bit thick in the middle, but no teenage girl had big boobs like that, not even Joan, he noted.

"This'll do," he remarked to himself as he pulled his pants down.

End of Part 7.

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com).