COALTON CORRECTION FACILITY

BY JSMILES

Part 2

Arrival and Examination

Bubba held onto Kelsi's arms as he escorted her to the back end
of the house. He took her to a room at the end of the hall and
said, "The Doctor will be in here in a few moments. You are to
completely strip naked, quickly shower, put this dressing gown
on, and wait for him over there on the exam table. If you aren't
ready when he arrives, you will be punished." Bubba closed the
door, and waited outside.

Kelsi remembered what he had said about making her ass sizzle,
and she wasn't going to allow that to happen, at least not if she
could help it. Being naked wasn't anything new to her. Her Daddy
used to strip her naked to punish her bottom, and her boyfriend
Jeremy had gotten her naked a time or two, when they went skinny
dippin' in the old mill pond. Quickly she peeled her clothes off,
and stepped into the shower. She washed up quickly and started
drying off, finishing up just as the door opened. She stepped out
of the shower room and looked around for the dressing gown, but
it was gone. She hung her towel around herself and blushed
profusely as he glanced a look at her.

"Hello Kelsi." He softly said. "I am here to examine you and to
give you a physical. Just relax, and lay back on the table, and
we will be done in no time." Dr. Abbott was a good looking middle
aged man standing over 6' tall, with sandy brown hair, and a
handsome movie star face.

Kelsi stuttered out, "Sir, I'm naked, and the dressing gown I was
supposed to wear is gone."

Dr. Abbott just smiled and said, "That's OK, dear, I see naked
girls all the time, and I'd only have to remove it myself,
anyway."

Kelsi reluctantly lay back on the linen covered exam table, as he
began listening to her breathing and her heartbeat. Then his
fingers went to her breasts, and he began to roll the tender
breasts in his hands. But when he squeezed her nipple with his
finger tips, she squealed out, "AGHHHhhh, Please Sir, that hurts.
Would you please not do that anymore?"

He smiled at her and whispered, "Relax Kelsi, I am just examining
you, and need to check your breasts for lumps and sensitivity.
I'm done with your breasts for now, but I will check them on a
regular basis. Now I need to check your pelvic area. Hold still
while I prepare you!"

Suddenly, he swung some leg stirrups up from under the table and
before she knew it her legs were separated by heavy metal
stirrups. He quickly used leather straps to secure her ankles and
legs in place. He next tried to secure cuffs to her wrists, and
then she panicked. "What are you doing to me! Please let me go!
No Doctor ever tied me down before, and this isn't right. Let me
go!!"

He called for the guards, and Bubba and Billy Joe quickly
responded. They grabbed her wrists and secured them above her
head. She was now helplessly immobilized, and totally on display
for these three men.

"NO PLEASE, STOP THIS! You have no right to do this to me.
PLEASEeee!"

The Doctor attached a pair of wire cables to the aluminum leg
supports, and suddenly her legs rotated up and backwards, totally
lifting her ass up and exposing her thinly covered blonde bush
and puffy pubes, as well as her pink puckered anal rose. Kelsi
struggled to get free, but she soon realized that her struggles
were futile.

Billy Joe whispered in her ear, "You're being a naughty girl,
Kelsi, and after the Doctor is done, you are going to get a
whooping. If I were you, I'd learn to behave and quit
struggling." Kelsi began sobbing as her legs were spread, and the
Doctor opened up her pussy with a speculum. "Not a virgin up
front, I see. How about back here?"

Kelsi felt something cool and wet on her anus, and then suddenly
his middle finger slipped up inside of her. "OOOhhhh, Sir,
Please!", she squealed, as Doctor Abbott wiggled first one, and
then two fingers into her tight bottomhole. Her outer sphincter
muscles clenched down on his thrusting fingers, and he smiled, as
she helplessly whimpered while his fingers stretched and manually
sodomized her virgin anus. It was her secondary sphincter muscles
inside of her colon that spasmed and gripped his fingers wildly
and involuntary.

"Pretty tight back here, boys, I'll bet she still has a squeakin'
clean virgin asshole." He snickered. "Why don't you ask her,
boys." Bubba leaned close to Kelsi's ear and whispered, "So
sweetie, is this little puckered hole still virgin territory, or
has some lucky fella already slipped his big pecker up your tight
little butt?"

Kelsi blushed beet red, wiggling in her restraints, and quickly
stammered out, "OOOhh, Gawd, No! You guys are awful! No one has
ever done that to me." All the boys just laughed and then Kelsi
squealed out as the doctor shoved his fingers in as far as he
could to check out her colon. She lay there whimpering as the
doctor finished with the rectal portion of her exam.

Then Dr. Abbott said to her, "Kelsi, at CCF, every girl is
assigned to a "Trainer", who mentors them and helps with their
rehabilitation, training lessons, and discipline. Bubba has
volunteered to be your personal trainer. You're a lucky girl,
Kelsi, as most girls just get assigned to a trainer, but Bubba
wants to be your personal trainer. Now, let's get you shaved and
prepped, because we care about your health, as well as your
correction and rehabilitation. We at CCF want our girls to be
clean, both inside and out. Make no mistake about it Kelsi, we
are going to get to know each other quite well."

Doc took a little shaving cream and dabbed it on Kelsi's thin
blonde pubic curls. Then taking a razor, he began shaving the
fuzz from her pubic lips and above her clit. She cried and
sobbed, as the hair covering her puffy teen slit was removed,
until she was as bare as a little ten year old. His fingers
continually played with her clit, as he carefully shaved her slit
and ass cheeks until they were smooth.

Then the Doc took a dab of lotion, and rubbed it over her butt
and pussy lips. It was a lotion for smoothness, and also cooled
the irritated skin from the shaving. Then he placed his fingers
on either side of her clit, and began to wiggle her stiff little
love button. Bubba began playing with her titties, pinching the
tender nipples, until she was more than uncomfortable. Kelsi
squealed and thrashed in her restraints as both men fondled and
stimulated her, in an attempt at achieving an orgasm. She knew
that this was wrong for these men to finger and use her,
especially since she was restrained and couldn't help herself.

"You BASTARDS!", she screamed. Dr.Abbott played with her clit and
pussy, while Bubba molested and pinched her tender teen titties,
until she was on the verge of both tears and a rushing orgasm.
Suddenly, at the Doctor's nod and signal, they both stopped.
Kelsi was all worked up now, and about ready to explode. She
needed to desperately cum. They had started teasing her just
before her orgasm, and then they left her hanging there,
frustrated and aching with need. Why had they done this, and if
they were going to be such perverts, why hadn't they finished her
off.

She now begged them, "Please, guys, make me cum. If you are going
to work me up, at least finish me off."

They both laughed and just walked away, letting her cool off for
a while as they disappeared into the next room. She listened
intently, frustrated as she was, and in a short while, she could
hear little AmySue in the room next door, undergoing a similar
initiation.

About 20 minutes later, the Doctor returned with Bubba, and they
both released her from the cuffs and table. Then Dr. Abbott said,
"Well Kelsi, I need to go check on my other patient next door,
but you passed your physical with flying colors. Now Bubba and
Billy Joe have a little lesson in discipline that they are going
to teach you before they sent you to your room. You better be
good, or you will only make it more difficult for yourself.. You
see, every girl who is sentenced here is given an initiation
spanking. It lets them know and understand what they will face in
the future, should they not behave as they are instructed. I
understand that besides swearing at us, you also lipped off to
the warden. I'm sure that will bring you a little something extra
during your punishment session. Now go with the boys, and you'd
better behave."

"But, Sir, I am naked." Kelsi spouted. "Yup, we like ya that way,
too!" Bubba retorted, as he picked her up and tossed her over his
shoulder like a sack of potatoes. Kelsi felt so helpless and so
vulnerable, and he carried her out the door and across the yard
to a big wooden building. Bubba was slapping her bare bottom, and
telling her to behave. When they reached the punishment building,
aptly named, "Wood Shed", Billy opened the door, and Bubba
carried her inside.

