This site contains fictional stories with explicit descriptions of sexual activities, and not suitable for minors or prudes. If you are under 18 year of age, do not enter this site as it is illegal for you to do so and you are not welcome here. Also if you are offended by sexually explicit stories, do not enter this site, as I do not wish to offend your sensibilities. Having said that, by entering this site you are representing that you are at least 18 years old and do so of your own free will and are not offended in any way by sexually explicit stories. The stories are fictional and any resemblance to actual people or other entities is purely coincidental. ======================================================= 

My name is Henry, though my friends call me Hank.  Im in my early 40s, college graduate and a real estate investor/business man.  That is, I own commercial real estate and residential property in and around the city.

I was having some difficulty with one of my properties an decided to see for myself what was happening with a surprise visit.   Sitting in the office, unannounced, I waited for the manager who was meeting with a tenant.

After about 10 minutes, both came out and the manager said, Mrs. Warren, Im sorry, but if you do not straighten this out, regardless of all your time here, Ill have to ask that the premises be vacated.  The lady, started to say something, but then just turned and left.

What was that all about, I asked, getting to my feet?  Oh, sorry, didnt mean to keep you waiting, my manager replied.  Just a couple who are no longer able to pay their rent, so

Warren, Warren, I know that name from somewhere, I said.  What does he do, I asked.  Hes retired, and she was a school teacher, now just tutors students.  Yes, thats it, I said.  I think I know that lady from a long time ago.  Hold off doing anything till you hear from me, I instructed the manger.

We then proceeded to attend to other business, but before leaving I pulled the contact information from the file on Len and Patricia Warren.

That evening I was on the phone with Mrs. Warren.  After a brief introduction I reminded her that I was one of her students in high school and asked to meet with her.  She said shed be delighted and invited me over to the apartment.

Upon arrival the three of us sat down and chatted about old times until finally the talk turned to today.  I explained that I was the owner of the complex where they lived and asked about what was going on, and what the problem was.

After some skirting of the issue, Len said that they were in major financial trouble and the rent was just part of it.  We went into some details and I was very very surprised by the facts.  Major trouble wasnt the word that Id use, more like a total and complete disaster would be more like it.

Anyway, I started to say good night and leave, when Len asked me to wait a second, then turned to his wife and said, Pat, Im sorry, but we just need to.  

Len then immediately said, Hank, may I call you Hank, youve heard of our problems, but because of them we cannot afford to move and certainly wouldnt be able to get into another place, only because of our problems.   Probably true, I said.

Anyway, Pat is a bit ashamed to ask or say anything, but under the circumstances, I hope you wont mind my asking and wont be offended by it, he said.  Fire away, I said.

Well, because of our financial situation, we sort of decided that a good way to earn some income was for Pat to be on a website.  Website, I asked?   Yes, sort of an adult one, and since she has a good figure, well who care if someone pays some money to look at her.   Okay, I said, looking towards Pat.

So, were wondering, if perhaps, maybe, we could work something out...his voice trailing off some, then he added, and if you dont mind, Id like to watch.

I sat there not knowing what to say, and just weighed the possibilities, finally looking towards Pat and asking, Pat?

If you dont mind an old lady, she said.   I looked towards Len, and asked, watching?

Ive always fantasied about seeing Pat with another man, so what better opportunity is there, he asked?   I shook my head and said Id have to think about it, then left.

The next day I received a message to call Pat Warren.  When I called the number, Pat answered.  Im so sorry, she began.  I told Len that it wouldnt be right and not to go there, but he wouldnt listen, she continued.  Anyway, I wanted to call and apologize she said.  

And if Id had said yes, I asked?  After a long moment of silence, Pat said, then I guess we wouldnt be having this conversation now, would we.  Guess not, I said, but tell Len my answer is yes and teach, Im looking forward to a few lessons, I said, then added, see you tonight, to stone silence before hanging up the phone.

That evening I rang the bell and a somewhat nervous Len answered the ring.  Can I come in, I asked?    Yes, yes, please, he said, opening the door wider as I passed into the short hall leading back to the apartments living room.

Wheres Pat, I asked.  Shes just finishing up and will be out in a minute, replied Len.


A few minutes later the bedroom door opened and Pat stepped out.  She was wearing a straight black skirt and a print blouse along with some heels.  You look very pretty, I said.

Len, I said, motioning him to the side of the room where a chair was located.  So, Mrs. Warren, I began, do you remember in class you always managed to call on me and embarrass me, I asked.  No, I dont remember, she said.   Well, you did, and now its my classroom and you do want to please me and pass the class, dont you, I asked, not receiving or expecting a reply.

So, bring me up to speed, I said. There were so many things I wanted to know about, but never found out in high school.  Such as, she asked?  Well how tall are you?  Im 57 in my stocking feet.  And how old are you, I asked?  Ill be 58, was the reply.  So 25 28 years ago you were strutting around driving me and the other guys nuts, werent you.  

Oh, I certainly hope not, said Pat.  Well you were, but that was then and this is now, so have your tits grown since then, I asked.  I dont know, but I think so, said Pat...Ive filled out some.

Really, I said.  Turn around so I can see your ass.  Pat turned her back to me and I moved forward to run my hands over her skirt covered ass.  Nice, I said, then asked, virgin?  You mean, she said.  Yes, ever had anal sex, I asked.  No, and I really dont want to, she replied.

Well see, I said as I slipped my hand under her skirt and began to feel her inner thighs.  Ever think one of your students would have his hand up your skirt, I asked?   No.

Len said he was going to take some photo of you.  He do it yet?  No.  Whats going to be in the photos, I asked as my fingers reached the bottom of her panties under the skirt.  Pat, flinched some, then said, I guess Im going to be in the photos, she said.

I withdrew my hand and said, turn around.  Pat turned around facing me and glanced over towards Len sitting in the corner.  Take off your skirt, I said.   She twisted some and undid a few things, then pushed the skirt over her hips and guided it to the floor where she stepped out of it.

Walk around some, I said.  I always wondered what was happening when you moved around in the classroom.  Please, lets not do this, she said.  Oh, want to stop, I asked?  Thats hardly the teacher I remember.  Keep trying was your statement, and when I or someone didnt then - - boy oh boy did we catch hell.  Now you dont even want to try, so guess you and Len will be moving on, I said.

No no, please Im sorry, said Pat.   I know what you want, but please can you an I do this in private, she asked.   No, Len set the conditions, not me, I replied.  Think he wants to enjoy seeing you show me your body in every conceivable way and then fuck and suck me until, I added.
Oh, I cant, I just cant - - - Len please cried Pat.  Honey, began Len, we dont have a choice, he doesnt want to see me, and hes holding all the cards.  Our backs are to the wall, but if you dont want to, then Ill understand and still love you.

Oh Len, please began Pat as her voice trailed off.  I looked to Len and just shrugged my shoulders and said, sorry as I got up from the chair and started to leave.  

Wait, said Len, please Ive an idea and think youll be satisfied.  Please, said Len, pointing to the chair.   I returned and took my seat as Len moved to Pats side and grasped her hand.

Hank, he began, I can fully understand how you must feel.  Those years in school, growing up and wondering about the woman who was your teacher.  Maybe one day in class you caught sight of a little more leg than usual, or perhaps she bent over to pick up something and in that short instant you were treated to a look which you could only dream about.

Now, circumstances, bring us all together and I want to be sure your circle of wonderment is complete, even after all this time.  So, if youll allow me, asked Len?

Sure, I said, waving my hand for him to proceed.

You know, began Len, one of the first things that attracted me to Pat was her height and as you can see from her long legs she does have a good height, which when you add her tits in make her all the more attractive.  

Ill bet, Len continued, that sometime Pat gave you a peek at her tits, didnt she, he asked?   Pat, bend forward so the man can see your tits, said Len.  There you are Henry, said Len, see some of Pats tits.

Yes, I said, and theyve always been lovely.  Now, let me take off her blouse, said Len, and youll get to see what more is happening under that blouse.  Okay, I said, and Len began unbuttoning and finally removing Pats blouse.

Pat was now in her bra and panties and standing in her heels as Len said, there, now you can see more of her tits.  What do you think, he asked?   Well, from here, Id say youre a lucky guy, but then again lingerie does sort of add fantasy or illusion, doesnt it, I asked?

Now, teach, I quipped, if you want to get back on track, let Len sit down and watch as he wanted to do, then get your prim and proper ass over here and take off your bra.  Now, of course if you dont want to, or think that your tits and pussy are so special, just say the word and Ill leave, I said.

Ill do it, Pat said to Len.  Now do as he says, go sit down, she added then moved forward to stand closer to me.  This better she asked, pushing down her shoulder straps?  

Hold on teach, I said.  Before you go too far, I want you to use your imagination for a start and give me a good slutty show and tell.  That will peak my interest, I said.  Im not sure I can, Pat replied.  Sure you can, I said.  Just be the teacher and explain and show me what each item does, okay.

Ill try, whispered Pat.  Oh, and this isnt biology class, I said, so you know, talk dirty and keep my attention.  Now why dont you tell me about what youre wearing and well try continuing.

Pat suddenly remembered and realized that she was just in her lingerie, so gaining some composure she began.  Well, here I am in my heels and lingerie for you to see, but lets just begin with my bra, shall we, began Pat.

Im sure you arent interested in the construction of the bra, but more what it does, continued Pat.  Its job is to lift my breasts, I mean my tits, she smiled, and hold them so they dont giggle too much.  See as I turn sideways how you can see the nice cones on my chest.  Hope you can see their size and that you will want to play with them, she continued.

Also, when you look at the front of the bra, you can see how nice it is cut so you can see the nice form of my tits and cleveage, she continued.



 