I suppose I was bed and barely out of Rosa when I first saw Sarah eat cat food.
While I can't control people outside the box's EM field without the nanotech networks, I can still get them to sign things while they're inside. I and my collection had therefore taken up legal residence in the girl's dorms during the holidays. Yes, legal - I got the headmaster to sign it and everything. His brain worked just like it was supposed to while he was in the marquee, and I hadnt let them out until after Id got it signed and had confiscated the keys to the door.
In any case, Id found the dorm to be quite comfortable, now that teachers couldnt get in. Every so often I strolled out into town with one of my girls on my arm to see if there was anything worth buying, but most of the time I had a set shopping list and sent one of the girls out for it. I hadnt realised the dorm already held cat food - although there used to be a cat on the premises, so really I shouldnt have been surprised.
But when Jackie dug out the bowl and spooned a can of Whiskas into it, I sat up. Rosa, who Id just finished with, sighed in contentment and began to lick me clean, while I continued to stare at Jackies odd behaviour.
"Jackie, what the fuck are you doing?"
She looked at me in total bewilderment. "Feeding the cat, master," she said.
Feeding the cat... It took me almost a minute for what was going on to click. Id written a line of brain-language code into each of my remaining ten conquests which made them perceive Sarah as a human-shaped cat. I hadnt realised it would create a reaction like this.
Then Sarah crawled over and buried her face in it, lifting it back out again with a mouthful being thoroughly chewed.
"Oh, nice," I said. I opened up Sarahs file and loaded in a compulsion to have mouthwash after eating. Im not one for unhygienic acts. Then I loaded a compulsion into everyone else to leave mouthwash lying around in a bowl on the floor next to Sarahs feed bowl.
Next item on the agenda; somewhere you could reach while on all fours for Sarah to spit into. Meanwhile, Jackie stood back up and walked into my room, heading for the sink and the Listerine.
I watched all this with a smile of bemusement. This was one of those moments when what Id done really hit home; when I realised the power I had over these women. I could control directly or by alteration of their perception, and when I did it by alteration of their perception it had side effects I couldnt possibly foresee.
I felt myself beginning to rise again, and looked down to realise that Rosa simply hadnt stopped licking when I was clean. I shrugged and lay back, leaving myself to her ministrations, but I kept one eye on the touching scene in the next room - another bonus of the nanonics; I turned the sensations over to the emotional centre of my mind and started to multitask, running calm observation at the same time I was getting excited.
Jackie put the other bowl down next to the food bowl, and knelt beside Sarah, smiling fondly at her. Emi came up, as well, and looked down at her. Both of them looked almost proprietary about Sarah, which I suppose was fair enough given that Id left her under their control, two levels of the hierarchy below me.
Sarah finished gobbling down the chunks of rabbit in jelly and gravy, and dipped her head again, to begin lapping up the mouthwash. This process is actually better than Id have thought; it wasnt long before she was gargling a mouthful. Jackie and Emi exchanged curious looks. It took me a moment to understand that one, as well; cats dont normally gargle.
On the other hand, their perception of her as a cat was too strong to simply be written off like that; so I left it. I figured theyd probably just accept gargling as a new fact about cats; a fact which might have caused them future embarrassment in a social situation, if a social situation with anyone other than me and their fellow slaves was possible. Since, beyond the shopkeeper-customer interaction when I send them out to buy things, this is impossible, I didnt particularly worry about it.
I kept watching until a little alert flickered into my mind; about to offload. I switched off my analytical observation and plunged straight into sensory mode, going right for the maximum exposure to the pleasure surrounding ejaculation.
Afterward, I switched back into analytical mode, but the fuss over Sarahs feeding had died down; Emi was tickling her under the chin. *Someone wants to come,* I thought, and smiled.
"Rosa, just clean me up this time," I said. She nodded; not looking at her, I didnt see the motion, but with her lips wrapped around me I still felt it. I had an idea I wanted to try out...
***
The thing about being able to meddle with the minds of my harem in the way I do - viewing their minds as computers, with personalities as operating systems, habits as programs and memories as the old history folder - is that you very quickly develop a highly unusual view of the brain. Ive looked at the laymans translations of a lot of neurology theories now and, really, theyre nothing like the way I now see the mind, although I realise that my views are coloured considerably by the way my brother put this system together. But it did give me cause to wonder.
The fact is, at the time I first had this idea I was transferring the files in my own computer across to one of the dorm PCs so that I could use them while I was shacked up in the dorm before I headed out to Uni at the end of the holidays, and I was doing this down the phone lines, having forgotten to bring my Notepad with me - Im certainly not perfect at planning ahead, nor have I ever claimed to be, though I think Ive got most of the bases covered with this one.
That and the computer/mind analogy the nanonics had presented me with had got me thinking. What I was really doing was creating a duplicate of my original computer in the dorm one - which was by no means the same physically; from an almost-new laptop to a three-year-old desktop. It couldnt run some of my programs - The Sims, for example, as you needed the CD - but it could do everything I absolutely needed.
And I wondered...
I shunted Rosas memories and personality into long-term storage in her mind and opened a remote-operation link, receiving all her emotional and sensory data and reacting for her, controlling her body. I shut down my own bodys motor responses. And I stood up.
Rosas body uncurled from its position cleaning my cock and stood up. It wavered, uncertainly, as I tried to get used to a whole new balance, a whole new body. It gave me a totally new perspective on the difference between dorm PC and my Tosh.
I reached down into folds still moist from sex just prior to Sarahs feeding and slipped my hand inside. It was novel, never previously experienced. *Great*, I thought. *Stick a man in a womans body, and he still cant find the clitoris immediately*.
I couldnt help smiling. What a condemnation of the male gender, out of my own mind. Still, couldnt be helped.
I multitasked again; wrote a quick program and loaded it into Jackies mind from base camp in my own brain, my own set of nanonics, the master set. *Come fuck Rosa, lesbo slut*.
Not exactly subtle, elegantly-phrased or neatly put, and Id have to erase the whole thing next time I wanted to have her in person, so to speak, but it worked, so what the hell.
Botch job, I know; Ill never make a programmer.
Jackie walked into the room, lust in her eyes - which I was used to seeing - and a certain set of her step that I wasnt used to. A confidence of a different type to the sexually confident demureness that I had by that time come to associate with Jackie; a certain predatory aspect. A woman who wouldnt just sit back and wait for me to call her, but would damn well go out and get herself a man.
Or rather, a woman.
She strode over to me - to Rosa - and rammed her tongue down my - Rosas - throat, seeking the same hunger in me - Rosa - as in herself. I returned the kiss, inexpertly - different tongue and mouth making the operation almost as novel as when I had my first kiss. In a way, it was. My first kiss in Rosas body.
She ran her finger down, sliding into me-Rosa. *Her* finger had no trouble finding the clitoris. I reciprocated, and I shut down the nanonic controls. I allowed myself, for the first time, to be overwhelmed by sensation with no part of me scrutinising my surroundings.
***
So *thats* what multiple orgasm feels like.