T07 Strip, No Tease {Titmouse} (MF,oral)
----------------------------------------
WARNING NOTICE: 
 
   The following story is erotic fiction and includes 
descriptions of explicit sex.  If you are a minor or
if such things may offend you, quit reading now.
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

                  Strip, No Tease

                    by Titmouse
            (C)1997, All Rights Reserved



	Carrie raised a hand to the top button of her 
blouse.  "So, you wanna see 'em?" she asked.
	"Sure," I said.  "I've been wondering what they 
looked like since we met."
	"I know you have," she said.  "I see you looking at 
them all the time.  I thought that tonight you deserved 
to find out."
	Carrie slowly began to unfasten the buttons.  She 
moved her hips to the slow rhythm of music from the 
radio.  As her hands moved downward, the blouse opened 
gradually, revealing the tops of her breasts cupped in a 
lavender bra.  The round tops plunged into a deep 
cleavage.  I watched her, daydreaming about running my 
tongue down between her large, soft tits.
	Carrie released another button, allowing the blouse 
to gap farther apart.  She slid a hand inside it and 
cupped her own breast, just as I would have liked to do. 
She squeezed it, eyes closed to savor the sensation, 
and ran her thumb and finger down to the tip where her 
nipple was raising a bump under the fabric, pinching and 
pulling on it.  Then she resumed her job of unbuttoning.
	At last, the two sides of her blouse separated.  
Carrie turned her back to me, gave me a coy look over 
her shoulder, and let the blouse slip down and off her 
arms.  She tossed it onto a nearby chair.  Swaying to 
the music gracefully, she crossed her arms in front of 
her, hugging herself with a hand on each shoulder.   She 
stoked at each bra strap with her fingers, first one and 
then the other, until both had slipped over her 
shoulders. 
	Still with her back to me, Carrie reached up and 
slipped the catch on her bra.  She crossed her arms 
across her breasts again to hold the bra in place and 
turned back to face me.  She twisted her shoulders 
slowly and sensuously, making the bra straps slide down 
lower and, with only slightly revealing glimpses of more 
breast, worked the strap on one side down past her elbow 
and slipped her arm free.  Then she did the same with 
her other arm.
	Now, only Carrie's crossed arms kept the bra in 
place.  Slowly, she lowered the left side, exposing more 
of the top of her breast until the rosy region around 
her nipple showed, and then the nipple itself peeked 
free, erect and taut.  Carrie dropped her arm and the 
bra fell away, exposing her left breast.
	"That's the smaller one," she said.
	"Looks fine to me," I told her.
	Carrie's left hand still held the remaining bra cup 
over her right breast.  She squeezed herself, then moved 
her hand underneath her breast to lift it, offering it 
to me.  She pulled the bra away and let it slide to the 
floor.  Turning slightly to one side, Carrie pulled her 
shoulders back, then turned back the other way, 
displaying her tits from both sides.
	"What do you think?" she said.
	"They're beautiful," I told her.  "They're 
perfect!"
	"Do you think so?" she asked, as if bemused by the 
idea.  Carrie crossed her arms behind her head, making 
her breasts jut out even more prominently, and shook 
them gently from side to side.  "Well," she said, "is 
there anything else you'd like to see?"
	"I'd like to see it all," I said.  "I want to see 
everything."
	"There's an idea," Carrie admitted.  She pressed a 
finger against her lips, thinking. "Well, okay."
	Carrie dropped her hands to the waist of her skirt. 
She found the zipper at the side and slid it down.  
With a rocking motion of her hips, she slowly worked the 
skirt over her fanny and let it fall to the floor, then 
stepped out of it daintily.  After she laid it carefully 
across the chair arm, she did the same with the dark 
purple slip.  She wasn't wearing nylons, just high-cut 
panties in a lavender color that matched the bra she had 
been wearing. Carrie turned her back toward me, glanced 
over her shoulder and smiled, and rolled the panties 
over her hips and down her thighs, revealing a smooth, 
well-toned butt.
	"Nice?" she asked.
	"You bet," I assured her.
	"Well," Carrie said, reaching for her blouse, 
"unless you..."
	"Wait a minute," I protested.  "I haven't seen 
everything!"
	"Oh," she said, still acting bemused.  "That's 
right, I guess you haven't."  With an impish expression, 
she stepped to the sofa and turned to face me, keeping 
her thighs pressed tightly together.  Only her dark bush 
showed above them.  Then she sat on the sofa, still 
keeping her knees together.  Carrie looked at me and, 
when she was sure she had my attention, relaxed her legs 
and slowly let her knees fall apart.
	"Can you see all right?" she asked solicitously.
	"Not quite," I said.
	"Here, then," Carrie said, scooting her butt 
forward on the sofa and spreading her legs wide.  The 
dark rose color of her pussy lips showed between her 
legs, slightly open and glistening with dampness.  "Now 
can you see?"
	"Yes," I said.  "Now I can see."
	"Do you like what you see?" Carrie asked me.
	"Of course I do," I said.  "You're beautiful."
	Carrie licked a finger and then slipped it between 
the lips of her pussy.  She moved it up to the button of 
her clit and rolled it around.  She put her finger into 
her mouth again, then moved it back to her pussy and 
slowly inserted it between the lips and into her cunt.  
When it was all the way in, Carrie rolled her wrist 
around, rotating her finger up inside her.  Then she 
slipped it out again, now wet with her juices, and 
teased her clit again with her fingertip.  She closed 
her eyes and took a ragged breath.  Then she opened them 
again and looked at me.
	"So," she asked, "is looking all you want to do?"
	Instead of answering, I went down on my hands and 
knees and crawled across the room to her.  Kneeling in 
front of her, I put a hand on each thigh and spread them 
wide apart.  The lips of her pussy opened slightly, 
revealing the slick bud of her clit and hinting at the 
opening of her deeper channel.  I leaned forward and 
buried my face in her pussy.
	First, I stuck my tongue as deep into her cunt as I 
could and forced it back and forth and in and out.  
Then, I licked upward toward her clit.  Carrie moved her 
hand out of the way.  I flicked her clit with my tongue, 
chewed on the lips of her pussy, and wrapped my mouth 
around her clit and rubbed it vigorously with my tongue. 
 
	Carrie seemed to like that.  She rolled her hips, 
pushing up against my wickedly teasing tongue and 
moaning softly.
	"God," she said.  "I'm so ready.  I could cum just 
like this."  She was very wet, and not just from my 
kisses.
	"Be my guest," I told her.  "I want you to cum."
	With a gasp, she reached forward with both hands 
and pulled my head into her cunt.  I lashed at her clit 
with my tongue, and Carrie bucked her hips up at me in 
increasingly convulsive jerks.
	"Oh, jeez!" she gasped.  "I'm so close, baby.  Lick 
it for me, honey, please!  Make me cum!"
	Her hands were pressing my mouth hard against her 
pussy.  My tongue and lips flicked and sucked and pushed 
into her and rolled her clit and nibbled at it and 
licked and hummed.  I sucked on her clit like it was a 
nipple.  I shook my head from side to side, holding it 
in my lips.  Then I lapped at it like a dog -- strong, 
long licks.
	With a shudder and a gasp, Carrie came 
convulsively.  She pushed her pussy at my mouth and 
humped on my tongue.
	"Ahhhghgh!" she cried, then whispered, "oh yes baby 
that's so good oh fuck me with your tongue honey oh lick 
me oh ohmigod lick me yes baby that's it that's it 
that's it."
	After a while, Carrie relaxed and took a deep 
breath.  Her thighs, which had been clasping my head, 
relaxed and fell wide apart.  She opened her eyes and 
looked at me.
	"Put it in me," she said.  "Right now, baby.  Don't 
waste any more time.  I want your cock right now."
	I rose up on my knees and tore my pants open, 
forced them and my underwear down, and shuffled forward 
into position.
	"Put it in me, baby" Carrie said.  "Put it in my 
pussy."  She put a hand under each of her knees and 
lifted up and out, spreading herself open before me.
	I put the head of my rock-hard cock at the opening, 
waggled it up and down to get some of her lubrication on 
it, and pressed forward.  I got about halfway in before 
her tight channel resisted me, so I pulled back a little 
and rocked back and forth.  Then I pushed forward again. 
My prick slid in smoothly in one steady motion until 
her pussy lips were spread wide around the base of my 
prick and I could feel the head pushing against the back 
of her cunt.  I pulled out and pushed back into her 
again.
	Carrie wrapped her legs around my waist, clutching 
me with her thighs.  Her heels prodded at my butt, 
pulling me into her.  I shoved my cock in and out of her 
pussy.  I slipped my arms behind her back and pulled her 
forward against me, pressing her tits against my chest. 
My other hand slipped down behind her butt and pulled 
her cunt forward, forcing it onto my cock as deep as it 
could go.
	Carrie hunched her hips forward, meeting every 
thrust I gave her.  She shook her hips back and forth as 
I pumped in and out of her pussy.  Her lips kissed all 
over my face, then dropped to my mouth and, opening 
deeply, forced her tongue into my mouth, kissing and 
licking and sucking on my tongue.  Carrie put her hands 
behind my butt, and both of us pulled toward each other, 
pressing her cunt onto my hard cock.
	She was making little moans and cries as I pumped 
into her, and I could tell that she was going to cum 
again.  I love fucking a repeater.
	"Oh, yes, honey," she whimpered.  "Oh, give it to 
me, just like that.  Yes, yessss.  Push it in me.  Push 
your cock in there.  Fuck me harder.  Harder!  Yes, damn 
it.  Give me your prick, baby.  Stick it in me all the 
way.  Ah!  Ah!"
	Carrie's whole body began to shudder with passion. 
She held her legs as far apart as possible so that I 
could fuck my dick into her cunt.  Then she put her legs 
back around me again, pulling me into her, socking her 
pussy up to meet my thrusts.  Then she came again.
	"Ah!  Ah!  Oh, god!" she cried.  "Yes!  Fuck me!  
Fuck me hard!  I'm cumming!  Yes!  Ah!"
	Arms around my neck, she pulled herself up against 
me, pressing those marvelous tits into my chest while 
she snapped her pussy up to meet each of my thrusts into 
her.  Then, as her orgasm subsided, she slowly relaxed, 
letting her legs down to the floor.  I continued to 
stroke into her, slow and steady.
	"Mmmmmm," Carrie moaned.  "My, does that feel good. 
Does it feel good to you, baby?"
	"Jesus!" I said.  "Yes, it feels good.  You're so 
hot and tight.  It's wrapped around my cock.  I can feel 
you milking it."
	And she was.  Carrie's pussy gripped my prick.  She 
would relax each time I pushed forward, giving me free 
access to bury my cock as deep as possible inside her.  
Then, when I drew back for another stroke, Carrie 
tightened the muscles of her cunt, resisting my 
withdrawal.
	"That's real good, babe," I told her.  "It almost 
feels like you're sucking me."
	"Now, there's an idea," Carrie said.  She pushed my 
shoulders away and hunched backward with her pussy.  My 
cock slipped out.  "Let me eat you, honey."
	She patted the sofa, indicating that she wanted me 
to sit there, and slid off onto the floor.  We changed 
places, with Carrie kneeling between my legs.
	"What a lovely prick," she said.  "It looks as good 
as it felt."  Carrie leaned forward and kissed the tip 
of my cock.  "Mmmmmm," she murmured, "it tastes like 
me."  She extended her tongue and began to lick the 
head, grasping me in one hand to hold it steady.
	When she had cleaned the head to her satisfaction, 
Carrie pushed her lips down over it, holding just the 
head inside her mouth and sucking on it.  Then, 
maintaining a sucking vacuum, she forced me deep into 
her mouth.  She pumped her head back and forth, her lips 
forming a grasping ring around my cock that she slid up 
and down its length.  When I was deep inside her mouth, 
she waggled her tongue back and forth along the 
underside of my prick.
	"Like that, baby?" she asked, pulling her mouth off 
me.  Her hand pumped up and down on my dick.  "Do you 
like it when I suck your cock?  Do you want to cum in my 
mouth, baby?"
	I didn't answer and Carrie didn't really expect me 
to.  Without waiting, she put my prick back in her mouth 
and began working on it again.  Now, her hand joined her 
lips, jacking up and down on my cock with her mouth.  It 
slid through her clutching finger into the warm, sucking 
tunnel of her mouth and then back out again, her lips 
trailing along it as if yielding it reluctantly.
	Carrie began to work on me energetically, shoving 
her head down onto my cock and pulling back quickly, 
only to shove me into her mouth again.  She also began 
humming at the back of her throat, little moans of 
passion each time she exhaled, which imparted a 
vibration to my cock.  My prick shot in and out of her 
sucking mouth and clinging fingers.
	"Oh, jeez, babe," I warned her, "that's gonna do 
it.  Oh, god!"  I could feel it start somewhere around 
my toes.  A burst of warmth and tension shot through my 
loins.
	Carrie sensed that it was coming and sucked my cock 
frantically, furiously, throwing her head forward and 
back, rotating her mouth around my prick while she 
sucked so hard that smacking sounds burst out around her 
lips.  Her hand flew up and down along the shaft of my 
cock.  I shoved my hips back and forth, fucking into her 
mouth, and exploded convulsively, spewing cum into that 
warm, grasping cavern.  Carrie kept sucking as the jets 
of cum splatted against the back of her mouth.  She 
swallowed hard, several times, each swallow tugging on 
the length of my cock and extending the sensation.
	When I stopped shooting, Carrie kept her mouth on 
my prick for a while, sucking on it more gently as I 
gradually came down from the peak.  Every now and then, 
she'd run her tongue under the bottom of my cockhead, 
sending an electric pulse shooting through me.  Finally, 
she pulled back and let my dick slip out of her mouth.
	"Ummmmm," she said, licking her lips, "my favorite 
drink."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
End of 'Strip, No Tease' by Titmouse.  
Story 07

Author's Note:

The real life inspiration for Carrie was a consultant who worked
for my company for several months.  She had perhaps the most
perfect set of knockers of any woman I've ever known -- big, but
not too big.  Thrusting, almost imperious, perfectly proportioned.
It was rumored that she was gay, actually, and there was some 
ambiguous evidence to support it, but that didn't stop me from 
fantasizing about her.

                          ---
I welcome your comments but hate spam.  Send messages to
NiteSweats@aol.com and put 'Titmouse' somewhere in the subject line.
Anything else will be deleted automatically.
