[ This story is a work of fiction, and any similarities whether it be person, place, or thing are entirely coincidental. ]

[C] Copyright 2009


Akia and Rayth drifted down a long path to Camadore, the little village inhabited by many good people. As the two rode Luna to the Inn, they dismounted and tied the horse to a pole.

Rayth entered through the doors and Akia followed. The sweet smell of fresh baked bread loaf, and delicious meats filled the air. The kitchen was packed with customers toasting their goblets and enjoying themselves. As Akia and Rayth asked for a room, they turned towards the kitchen and prepared for a feast.

As Akia entered the dining hall, all voices came to a halt, and silence now filled the void. Men, and women turned and stared as the Princess, and her mate walked in and sat at a lone table.

A man walked over to them, and greeted himself.

"My lady, I am honored to be standing before you." He spoke happily, but shaking a little. "My name is Darkboon."

"Pleasure to meet you too." Akia responded, looking to Rayth, then back at the man.

"I beg you for one, small gift," He gestured, staring lustfully at her breast. "In return, you may have what you wish from me."

The man knelt down before Akia, and faced down to the floor below.

"I know what it is that you desire," Akia said to him, "And you may have it," She continued, showing a small smile to him.

The man looked up to her, and thanked her. Akia interrupted, "But, what I desire will seal your fate," She began.

"What is it you want from me?"

"I want you to find..." She paused, looking into his eyes, "The Emerald Moon."

The crowd opened their ears as she said this to Darkboon. Whispering became loud outbursts, and the crowd began to scream to Akia.

"Do you know what you are asking of this man?" A male voice cried from the rear of the dining hall.

"It's his death!" An old woman cursed at her.

"I know what it is that I am asking of him," Akia responded. "It is, after all, a fair trade," She continued. If he does this task, then not only would he taste the pleasures of my body, but he will be remembered as the man who gave his life for the Princess. He will be remembered as a hero," She finished.

A long pause loomed over the crowd, until a few people rushed forward to Akia and her gent, raising fists, and cursing her. Rayth held them off as the weight of multiple persons put pressure against him. A woman who pushed her way through raised her arm which held a stick, and swung it hard and fast.

In mid-air, the cane stick froze, and Akia looked on at the older woman, as her eyes became dark. The old woman could not budge the stick, and felt a wave of fear race through her body. Akia looked still, and her head tilted from left, then right. Her eyes became a pure black and as she opened her mouth, such force exited that an invisible magic exploded sending many people into the air and back down. Rayth looked on, and back towards Akia. Her face now fine, and eyes normal again.

"Now..." Akia paused to look at the crowd as they stood upright to face her once again, "I do believe there is a task at hand."

"Yes, my Princess," Darkboon responded.

The crowd fell to whispers then a hushed tongue.

A man's voice from the gathering asked Akia one question. "My Princess, are you aware of the Emerald Moon's true powers?"

"I know of its origins," She answered, transfixed now with a look of confusion.

"Then, you know that it possesses two halves?" He went on. "Those who...." He was finishing before an interruption.

"Leave that to me!" Akia spoke to this man. "What is your name?"

"My name is Ingel," He answered, lowering his head in service.

"Ingel, you will come with me," She smiled to him, "Alone."

Rayth looked among Akia, and lowered his head in a response that shown her true power over him.

Rayth noticed a change in Akia. Obsession. Those who have chosen upon themselves to seek the Emerald Moon, fall into a dark spell. The Emerald holds much power, and only the strong can overcome its powers that be.

Ingel followed Akia through the long walkway to a private room. Upon entering, she thrust Ingel back onto the small bed heap, and slid her dress down to reveal a perfect naked body. Ingel licked his lips, and reached out for her to come to him. Akia reached back, and pushed down hard onto him. Without any hesitation, she pulled out his penis by the large round tip, and slid him deep inside her slippery wet hole. He groaned loudly, and Akia tilted her head backwards to the ceiling sifting through her own pleasures.

From down the hall, Rayth began to fill with anger. He was not too pleased with how Akia presented herself. She was a Princess, wanting to be Queen. It was time, he felt, that she awoke to a fresh reality.

Rayth paced slowly, then his heavy boots trampled the floor underneath. He made haste down the long all, and stopped just a step outside the closed door. From where he stood, moans were heard.

With one hard fist to the center of the door, it swung open smashing into the wall behind it. Akia looked up, but didn't stop what she was doing. Ingel only gave wide eyes, before returning to a trance of pleasure.

"Come now, Rayth. Are you going to watch me play, or come join in the fruits of the Gods?" Akia opened and said to Rayth. It caught him off guard, but, his anger subsided.

Rayth removed his shirt top, and slipped along side Akia as she still rode Ingel, softer then to a halt. She pressed on Rayth leaning him backwards and curling forward to wrap her mouth around a now, thick and stiff exposed cock.

Rayth fell into a deep trance himself, as the seduction overwhelmed his body and mind. Ingel has long succumbed to the beauty and sex of Akia, and she herself was unaware tremendously of her own actions. The consequences were great, the sex was fulfilling as the sweet smell rose to the air. Her pussy opened then closed to wrap around Ingel's pleasuring member.

As Akia moaned aloud, she dug her nails into Ingel's back, causing trails of blood leaking from their wounds. Ingel was too far into the moment, that his bliss had blocked any pain that was set upon him. His hands pulled on her hair, and she screamed and cooed at the same time, juices dripping from her pussy and all over him.

Rayth wrapped his hand around his cock, and shot a thick stream into Akia's mouth. She licked every last drop and enjoyed the tip of his dick lingering softly on her lips. He maintained erection, and soon the two men switched so Rayth could feel the pleasures of his woman. Rayth eased behind her and plunged his stiff cock into her from the rear. He was immediately, but gently stroking her g-spot. He didn't want to make it too quick, so, he slowly progressed, making sure that Akia was very happy with it.

Ingel had his large cock in Akia's mouth and was face fucking her as he slapped her across the mouth. The pain she could feel, and it was good. Akia gave in to the pleasures of pain and screamed, "Choke me! Choke me Ingel while I suck your cock! Oh God, Rayth, fuck my pussy." Akia was rubbing her clit as every stroke from Rayth's cock made her cum down her leg. The wetness was so pure, and so pleasurable.

Ingel choked her so she could feel pain, but still maintain the mind to continue working his shaft. She relaxed her throat and took him in to the base. He could feel himself ready to burst, but held in for as long as he could.

The force that hit her rear was great and she could feel herself tingle even as Rayth still penetrated her hole. He raised his right hand and brought it down hard as it connected with her right buttock leaving a perfect, fine red hand-print on her ass. She jumped, but it felt oh so pleasuring to her. She sucked Ingel harder and faster as Rayth smacked her again. As he did so, he thrust deep into her hole and shot a thick, sticky load inside her. Ingel couldn't hold it in no longer himself, and he ejaculated down Akia's throat. She swallowed and showed tongue, to prove that she loved every drop.

They laid there for a while, filling the bed as Akia rest her head on the pillow. The more time that passed, the more reality set in to them.

Akia jumped, and realized what she had done. She rose from her spot, grabbed her dress and ran from the room, holding it to cover her breasts. She hurried to the dining area and managed to utter, "We must find the Emerald Moon, and destroy it!"

As Akia finished, she blacked out and fell to the floor.



[ END ]
