disclaimer:  This is a work of fiction.

Emma goes about her morning chores and discovers the joy of fresh milk!

--------------------------

Emma had managed to sleep through the morning alarm clock - the cock that her mother had insisted on, "because it is farmy".  And so it was 10am before Emma rolled out of bed.  She had gone to bed in her wet panties, which had now dried and were slightly stiff in the crotch where they had absorbed the most of her juices.  She still wore the t shirt she had had on yesterday, an old tshirt advertising a band that she had never heard of - something her mother had bought at a concert a decade ago.  It was loose fitting, but only came down to about mid butt cheek, leaving the lower part of Emma's cute little panty-clad ass exposed, as well as the front of her now dirty panties.



She walked downstairs to the kitchen and got out a bowl for cereal.  She was dismayed to see that even though her mother had gone grocery shopping before she left, she had forgotten to get cheerios, and all that was left was her mother's bran cereal.  She was about to put her bowl back in the cupboard when her stomach rumbled, and so she decided to give it a shot.  She ate the cereal, which was a little bland, but not so bad, and tried to wake up fully.  As she remembered the events of the night before, she started to get horny again, which she was a little annoyed at since she had to do the morning chores.



She put her empty bowl in the sink and turned to go upstairs and get dressed, but then a thought crossed her mind.  She thought it might be fun to just wear what she was wearing - there was no one around the farm for miles and her mother wasn't home, so what was the harm in just wearing panties and a tshirt?  The idea of wearing it outside also excited her, and so she slipped on the mud boots just as she was, and headed outside.



Once again, Ollie was excited to see her, as he loved meal times most of all.  Again this morning, she bent over to scoop his food and he immediately thrust his nose into her crotch from behind.  This time it was forceful enough that it pushed her forward so that she had to drop the scoop and hold her hands out to brace herself against the wall in front of her.  Ollie started to lick at her panties, and she found that she instinctively spread her legs a little to allow him easier access.  



When she realized what she was doing she chided herself and pushed Ollie away.  Again when she put the food in his bowl he ignored her and went about eating.  



After scattering some seed for the chickens she headed to the cows, as they had to be milked this morning.  It had taken Emma some time to learn how to milk the cows, her mother teaching her over the course of a week or so.  Now she was pretty good at it, and actually didn't mind doing it, so long as her mother didn't make her do it at the crack of dawn.



She entered the barn and grabbed the bucket and the stool.  It was almost 11am at this point, and already it was hot out.  It was the middle of summer and so the sun was high in the sky at this point.  Emma was milking the first cow and she eyed the hose in the corner of the barn, wishing she could have a drink of cool water.



As soon as she finished the first cow, she went over and took a long drink from the hose, the cool water felt good, and she didn't mind that some of it ran down her chin, along her neck, and got absorbed by the white cotton of her tshirt.  She turned off the spout and went to the next cow.



It wasn't until the third cow that she really thought about the utter for the first time.  She found herself wondering what fresh milk tasted like, and the motion her hands were making was quite erotic - pulling and massaging, again and again.  After dismissing her fears, she pushed the stool aside and got under the cow.  Slowly, she raised her head and closed her thin lips around a tit.  The cow seemed to not notice or care about this new milking method.  She began to suck, with limited success.  It was hard to hold her head in that position.  She lowered her head and held her mouth open under the utter while she reached up with one hand and pulled on the tit.



Her aim was a little off, and a small jet of milk hit her on the forehead, covering her face.  She laughed and tried again, this time managing to get some in her mouth.  As she continued pulling, the milk covered her face and was soon running down her chin and neck and onto her chest.  Soon her t shirt was almost transparent, the white cotton sticking tightly to her bra-less breasts.



Emma found this to be quite fun, and as she got wetter and wetter she became more and more aroused.  While her left hand pulled on the utter her right had slipped beneath her panties and was massaging her clit.  Soon she had climaxed, and it was wonderful.  Her cum leaked out of her pussy and into her already dirty panties, adding to the amount she had left there the night before.  She stood up and ran her hands down her torso, forcing excess milk out of her drenched shirt.  It ran through her panties, soaking them, and then trickled down her legs in little streams.



She felt cooler now, and quickly finished the milking.  She dumped the collected milk into the refrigerated tank and stepped out of the barn into the afternoon sun.  She was exhilarated to be standing outside in the middle of the day dressed in only her milk soaked shirt and panties.  Her brown mud boots were the only pieces of clothing she was wearing that wasn't almost transparent at this point.  Her thin frame and Request:  While my artistic ability is limited to bad stick-figures, I'd absolutely love to see artistic renderings of any of the people or scenes from my stories!  If you have the talent and will to do this, please send me your drawings, and I'll try to post them here.  Thanks!Request:  While my artistic ability is limited to bad stick-figures, I'd absolutely love to see artistic renderings of any of the people or scenes from my stories!  If you have the talent and will to do this, please send me your drawings, and I'll try to post them here.  Thanks!milky white skin quickly dried in the sun, and by the time she got back to the house, her shirt and panties were also almost dry.


