Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Twenty-Five: Interrogating the Dwarven MILF
Summary: Kurits learns the real reason the rakshasa queen has shown such interest in him as he finds himself embroiled in her schemes.
Keywords: MF HF MHF inc oral anal DP D/s cuck voy exhib bond fantasy magic

Copyright: 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Kurtis  Ankush, The Queendom of Naith

I'll let my Minister of Foreign Security and my Minister of Internal Security explain the situation, purred Queen Athirmi.

I looked around the throne room. She had her two centaur guards/lovers, the two orange-haired twins who knelt on either side of her throne, the werespider lurking behind her throne, and the lamia curled up in a purring ball at her feet. I had Lasla standing to my side and our mother to my right and behind us.

Okay, I said and then blinked as the two orange-haired twins rose. They had green eyes and pale-olive skin that gave them an exotic look. They moved with a sensual grace as they swept over to me. They pressed into me.

Mmm, you were quite impressive in the Trials, the one on my right said. I'm Tama, Minister of Foreign Security.

Yes, yes, the way you dominated Pradu was a thing of beauty, Kurtis, the one of my left breathed. I'm Mona, Minister of Internal security.

You two? I asked in surprise, their hands sliding over my body. You're not just pleasure slaves.
My privy council is always ready to serve and please me, Queen Athirmi purred. She waved her hand. I cannot trust any rakshasa with this, after all, and the dwarves have their uses, but... I need my closest advisers to be around me at all time.

I see, I said, the two twins rubbing on me. I glanced at my mother. I can get that. Keep your trusted people close to you. So the centaurs are your generals, then.

Something like that, Queen Athirmi cooed. 

Lust bled off the two twins. They weren't human. I could feel my father's DNA in them. Some sort of lycanthrope. Not werewolf, they weren't vicious enough. Not werespider, that was the woman lurking behind the throne. Werebears were male. Werefoxes, maybe? They were said to live across the seas in the distant lands that traders braved to visit. It was said even a hundred years ago, ships didn't survive the crossing, but thanks to the work of Thrak and Faoril, the seas were safe from the sea monsters who prowled it.

Mostly.

Mmm, you are definitely useful, Mona said, her hand sliding down my back to squeeze my ass through my robe. You surprised us greatly.

Yes, yes, they didn't think you would make it, Queen Athirmi said with wry amusement. Despite their wisdom, they had little confidence in you succeeding.

No one has ever defeated Solja in combat, said Tama. Her hand slipped into my robe and slid down my naked stomach to find my cock. She grabbed it, stroking it. He's been the champion for years.

Of course, you had help, Mona said, her hand slipping inside my robes to cup my balls. She played with them. Your sister was the one who fought him. Not you. So, we still weren't certain you would survive Pradu.

I could feel Lasla, standing at my side, grinding her teeth. She was not happy about any of this.
But seeing how you used Tharaka to coerce Solja into surrendering... Tama trembled, her hand squeezing about my dick. She brushed my crown, sending pleasure through me. Well, that was an impressive use of intelligence, but defeated the spirit of the Trial by Steel. You didn't even kill them.

Queen Athirmi was very generous. She didn't want to lose her troll. Mona leaned in. Or you. Mmm, she likes people who break the rules and get away with it.

Yes, yes, in the Trial of Pain, you shattered those rules and flaunted it. Tama pumped her hand faster up and down my cock. I could feel her lusts building. She wiggled her nubile body against mine. You showed yourself to be as cunning as a rakshasa.

My brother's amazing, Lasla hissed.

Yes, he is, purred Mona. And that's something we need. Cunning. If it was just brute strength, we could have unleashed Solja and his sister on the problem. What you lack in brawn, you made up with cunning and charm. You used your opponents' weaknesses against them. She leaned in and licked my ear, her tongue hot while her fingers gently massaged my balls. That was so exciting to watch. That sort of tactical thinking is what we need for the task at hand.

Okay, I said, my dick throbbing. And what is the task at hand? I don't really need to be teased so much. I prefer to do the teasing. Do I need to take charge of you two?

They sprang from me, leaving me hard and aching. I gasped at that as they then sauntered around to my naked mother. She stood tall, her chastity belt on, her gold collar about her throat, the leash dangling down between her large tits. Her blue hair fell about her lush face.

Now, this is interesting, purred Tama. She sidled up to my mother and cupped the dragoness's breast, squeezing her large tit. Why is she the one you brought as your bodyguard for this meeting? Not Pyrriah or the sphinx.

They knew Nephi was a sphinx? 

I felt Lasla giving me a worried look. I glanced at her and tried to tell her to act natural without betraying my own nervousness. She had to be a queen right now. Lasla straightened, her breasts rising and falling in her purple robes.

They left the Ziggurat, said Mona. If you paid any attention, sweet sister, you would know that he sent his two most dangerous women out to the boat. She grabbed my mother's other breast. He just wanted to bring a pretty delight to play with. He enjoys flaunting his mother. Still, I would have brought Naryu. She might be a weak rakshasa, but she still has the queen's blood in her.

Are you really that stupid, sister? asked Tama.

Mona hissed. What? She bent down and licked one of my mother's nipples. She's just a pleasure slave, so weak she let herself be dominated by her own son. A prized bauble he likes to parade around. To flaunt how his mother loves to suck his dick and take his cock.

I almost said something, but that was what I wanted people to think. No one could know she was a dragon. They were supposed to be exciting. She would be hunted by the Knights Dragoon or one of the other orders.

Lasla's breathing quickened. She knew how close we were coming to having a secret that could never be exposed.

Don't be so quick to judge, said Tama. She licked my mother's cheek. She's got power. I can feel it. She keeps it restrained. Hidden. She's the secret weapon that Kurtis has held back. The last line of his defense. He brought her here because he expected us to betray him. Mmm, you play your role wonderfully, Azuliana.

Do I? my mother asked.

After all, you're a hermaphrodite, Tama said.

My stomach lurched.

She's a what? demanded Mona in shock.

Look, sweet sister, Tama said, sliding her fingers down to the golden chastity belt. This covers only her clit. Not her pussy. You could fuck her cunt or asshole, but her clit is what's being protected. With this over it, she can't grow it into a dick. She's a hermaphrodite with control over when she has her cock. She thrust two fingers into my mother.

She gasped and arched her back as Tama fingered her.

A demigoddess? demanded Mona. She pinched one of my mother's nipples and twisted it. Is that what she is? No elf, gnome, sylph, or nixie has any control over their clit-dick.

Not only that, but she gave birth not only to a dual sex race, but to a son and two daughters. Tama worked her fingers in and out of my mother's cunt. She groaned, her boobs jiggling.

They didn't know that Lasla had a different mother. I wouldn't correct that. 

A son, Tama said, emphasizing that. Wholly male. Oh, there is something here. A miracle. Kurtis is no human. I suspect a demigod, too. Las's son, perhaps. It would explain his abilities. The way he has taken control of the Treasure Box.

I couldn't believe that this was happening.

How intriguing, Mona purred. She studied my dragon-mother, still twisting her nipple. So, Matar, Illth, or Henta is your mother. And then you went and fucked Las. How was he?

Incredible, my mother said, her voice throaty from being molested. Henta is my mother. She fucked a human woman she found in the woods.

I hoped that they believed her. I knew Lasla must be freaking out, but she was doing a good job of not showing it. We couldn't show any weakness before queen Athirmi. If we did, she would tear us down. She needed me to be strong.

My entire harem to be strong.

Well, this is all so fascinating, Queen Athirmi said, drawing all our attention back to her. You have such a mysterious family. Las's son. Mmm, yes, yes, that does explain so much about you.
I don't like to advertise it, I said, facing the queen while my mother whimpered.

Yes, yes, the queen said. Your mother has a dick. Show me. I wish to see this hermaphrodite that gave birth to a male.

Lasla gave me the ability to dismiss the collar and chastity belt. With those unbreakable items on, she couldn't transform into her dragon form. Or use her clit-dick without my permission. The gold melted away around her waist and covering the top folds of her pussy.

Mother, show her.

My dragon-mother shuddered, her pussy still being churned up by Tama's fingers. The werefox pulled her hand out of the way, digits coated in my mother's cunt cream. Then, with a whimper, my mother let her cock blossom.

I was never all that fascinated in her cock, but the two werefoxes gasped as it blossomed. Queen Athirmi leaned forward, a hungry look in her eyes. Her large breasts jiggled while her tongue flicked over her lips. 

My, oh, my, purred Tama. I was right. A hermaphrodite.

And the resemblance is there, Mona groaned. He is her son. You can see it. This is fascinating. The power of Las's seed is incredible.

Yes, it is, said the queen. My, my, that is a big dick. Mmm, I think you and your mother are both hard and both should receive some satisfaction before we continue. Tama, Mona, on your knees and suck their cocks. You owe them an apology.

Mona and Tama froze, their hands reaching out to grab my mother's dicks. I frowned, confused.

You have treated the Naith's new ambassador with insolence and molested his property without his permission. The queen rose. You are lucky I don't make it worse.

Our deepest apologies, Lord Ambassador Kurtis, Mona and Tama said together, staring at me. We should not have stroked your cock or fondled your slave without your permission. Allow our mouths to repay you.

Then Tama fell to her knees before my mother, grabbing her girl-dick with pleasure. Mona turned and sank before me with grace, her green eyes twinkling. She spread open my robe and grabbed my cock. It was a little bigger than my mother's clit-dick. The naughty werefox slid her lips over the crown.

I groaned as Queen Athirmi sank back down on her throne. If they do not satisfy you enough, Kurtis, I will have them further punished. Ayeka can do magical things with a whip.

Mona squealed around my dick while the werespider looked suddenly alive and eager.

I'm sure they will give my mother and me the best blowjobs possible, I groaned, enjoying Mona's lips sliding up and down my dick.

Yes, yes, Tama has such a sweet mouth, my mother purred. Mmm, she's just working those lips up and down my dick and sucking so hard.

You will suck my brother's cock hard, Lasla hissed, her hand sliding through the werefox's orange hair. You hear me?

Mona did. She put her heart into her apology. She sucked with passion, her tongue dancing around my dick. I groaned, savoring the way she bobbed her head. She worked her mouth up and down my dick. My nuts tightened as I savored it.

My mother moaned beside me, her large breasts jiggling. Tama worked her mouth up and down that hermaphrodite-dick, sucking with hunger. She sucked and slurped, the wet sounds she made mixing with my own.

Mother glanced at me, a smile on her lips. Her blue eyes twinkled. I grinned back at her and winked. Naughty boy. Enjoying watching your mommy getting blown.

Yes, I am, I panted, the ache at the tip of my dick rising from that hot mouth working up and down it. Always a treat to watch you being pleasured, Mother.

She inclined her head and then groaned. Her head tossed from side to side. She groaned as she enjoyed what they did to her. Tama suckled on my dragon-mother with hunger. Both of the werefoxes nursed with passion on our cocks. The twins bobbed their heads, almost synced up. 

My nuts loved it. The queen spread her thighs and the lamia turned and buried her face into the queen's pussy. The rakshasa ruler of Naith groaned. She arched her back, her swarthy breasts jiggling from the pleasure she received.

My hands grabbed Mona's head, my fingers sliding through her orange hair. Lasla kept a grip, too, as I thrust away at her mouth, driving my dick to the back of her throat. She moaned, sucking the entire time. My balls tightened.

That's it, whore, I growled. Apologize for touching my mother.

Mmm, you're so protective, Master, my dragon-mother purred. Just the way a son should be.

I winked at her as I drove my cock hard into Mona's mouth while Lasla nodded her head in agreement.

And you, panted my dragon-mother, don't forget about that pussy that you were having fun fingering. Ram those digits into my cunt and pump them in and out of me.

Tama did. My mother moaned, her large breasts jiggling as she arched her back. Her blue hair danced. I loved the pleasure crossing her face as I thrust my cock in and out of Mona's mouth. The werefox danced her tongue around my shaft.

Make my brother cum, Lasla moaned.

I hit the back of her throat and this time, I didn't stop. She squealed, her green eyes bulging. I drove my dick down her gullet. Her lust flared in her. She liked being used. Not surprising considering who she served. A sex slave and a spymaster. 

That's it, I groaned. Las's big dick, swallow every inch of my cock.

Yes, purred the queen, her lusts swelling, too, and not just because of the lamia's licking.

You better take it, slut, hissed Lasla. Or your apology won't be accepted.

Mona moaned as my cock plunged deeper and deeper down the werefox's throat. My sister was a treat. I smiled at her as Mona's tight gullet massaged the crown. Her lips reached down my shaft until my balls smacked her in the chi. Her lips nuzzled into my black bush.

I groaned, holding her head tight, and drew back. She moaned around my cock, the vibrations of her vocal cords massaging me. I groaned, loving the way she did that. My face contorted with the delight of this moment. My balls tightened.

I thrust back down her throat, my nuts smacking into her chin. She moaned, her lusts swelling in her. I fucked her throat hard. I buried my dick down her gullet over and over again. I loved the way she moaned, her humming massaging my cock.

Gods damn, that's it, I growled. Apologize with that tight throat and mouth, slut!

Apologize! whimpered Lasla, her lust swelling in her, too.

Yes, yes, apologize to my son! moaned my dragon-mother, her tits swaying. I'm going to cum so hard. Yes, yes, just explode. Ooh, you're going to drink my hermaphrodite-cum, aren't you?

Tama moaned while I fucked my cock down Mona's throat. I shuddered, the ache swelling at the tip of my dick, the pressure in my balls growing. I would dump my cum down the werefox spymaster's throat. Just flood her with my jizz.

I gripped her head tighter, groaning as the pressure built in my nuts as they smacked into her chin. My dragon-mother swelled to her own orgasm. I could feel that burst of pleasure growing in her pussy and ovaries. She would cum only the way a hermaphrodite could. She would fire all her girl-cum into Tama's mouth.

Gods damn, I groaned, plunging down Mona's throat. I controlled my orgasm, holding back while giving my mother a nudge.

Matar's big dick! she gasped. Oh, you wonderful, little werefox. Yes, yes, thrust those fingers into my cunt and suck my clit-dick. That's it. Oh, I'm going to cum.

Cum, Mother, I growled.

Yes, Master! she gasped and that was it. That set her over the edge.

I joined her.

My dick erupted and pumped cum down Mona's throat as Mother's hermaphrodite-cock fired spurt after spurt of her girl-jizz into Tama's mouth. The pleasure slammed through me. I groaned, the heat washing through me. Stars danced before my eyes.

Las's big dick! I growled.

Oh, Master, I'm flooding her mouth! my dragon-mother moaned, her big boobs bouncing and heaving.

Mmm, that's it, slut, purred Lasla, petting Mona's hair. There you are. You're doing something good with that mouth now. Just take it all.

Queen Athirmi watched on, lust on her face. The lamia slave feasted on the rakshasa queen's cunt. I shuddered, enjoying the audience as I pumped load after load of my cum into the naughty werefox's belly. I pumped it straight down her gullet.

She moaned around my dick as I fired every drop of spunk down her throat. It was amazing. I groaned, my heart pounding in my chest. I tossed my head to the side. This was rapture. Amazing, delicious, wonderful ecstasy to pump her stomach full of my cum.

Gods damn, that's a fine mouth you have there, I groaned as I hit the peak. I glanced up at queen Athirmi. So, what is it that you need from me.

Yes, Lasla whispered, her voice tight. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla

I trembled. I knew this queen would not let us leave too soon. Memory of that dwarven woman being interrogated by making her watch sex swirled through my mind. Did that have anything to do with this task?

I need to give some history, I think, said Queen Athirmi. She shuddered, the lamia still licking at her cunt, but not to make her cum. Just to please her. When my ancestors came to Naith from the jungles of 'Zakon, we found more than humans living in these lands. Beneath the earth, a colony of dwarves lived. Others lived in the Ostol Mountains to the east.

And you made the ones who lived beneath what is now Ankush into your bureaucracy, I said, remembering the tour.

My brother gave me a sharp look. I flushed. I hadn't told him about my late-night visit to the queen.

Eventually. She licked her lips. It certainly evolved into that direction over time. It started with trade. Especially with those in the mountains. They mined metals and precious gemstones, quarried useful stone. Commerce flowed as we expanded our power across the lowlands that the humans farmed.

Soon, we controlled the territory to the mountains. Then we extended up into the mountains. The riches the dwarves traded us fueled our own slave trade. We imported from around the known world, our power creeping up into those mountains. We built outposts. We claimed the mountains for ourselves.

Still, the dwarves were content to train with us. They live in their tunnels. We can't root them out, but they can't drive us away. We've been existing in a delicate stance. Trade continues, which we need, and we supply them with the staples they cannot get in their tunnels. But that all changed in the last few decades.

Our relationships have grown more... complicated.

And? I asked, impatient.

My brother gave me a warning look. Sorry, Your Majesty. It's been a long day. I'm eager to hear this situation that you wish my help in resolving.

At least you can be diplomatic, the queen said, amusement on her lips. What changed was a flock of avians who call themselves the Cuckoo Flock. My... grandmother didn't see any real problem that they were settling in the high peaks. They were using terrain that no human could live in. They were setting up an industry that may have proved useful.

Instead, they turned the dwarves against us.

Cuckoo flock? my brother asked. I have heard of Avians. They live on the Isle of the Bird out in the Nimborgoth, right? 

I nodded. The Nimborgoth was a vast sea that was boarded on the north sides by the kingdoms that used to from the High Kingdom of Hamilton. Thlin, Thosi, Valya, Secare, and the Princedoms. To the south was the vast Halani Desert. Dotting the Nimborgoth's coats and islands were the Seven Free Cities, an alliance of humans, halflings, and nixies. 

Do you know the story of Sir Angela and her companions? asked Queen Athirmi. They're exploiting a few centuries ago were legendary.

Of course, said my brother. He was a big fan of Thrak, the orc, who had tamed the dangerous warlock Faoril as well as a rakshasa pirate named Thyrna. 

Chaun and Aurora are the progenitors of the cuckoo flock, Queen Athirmi explained. A changeling who mated with an avian has caused... unusual descendants. They are a mix of the two races' abilities. Avians could already turn into birds and changelings could take the form of the man a woman most desired to seduce them. They are a race of shapechanging cuckolds and seductresses. They have thoroughly infiltrated the dwarves, using their powers to not only increase the population of dwarves through impregnating their women, but also to awaken passions in the male dwarves.

Worse, these cuckoos have this sense of moral righteousness. They see the mountains as belonging to the dwarves and their people. They live in the peaks and skies, the dwarves in the caves. It has escalated into nighttime raids. The cessation of commerce. Attacks on supply lines.

And there is very little we can do since they can shape-shift, the cuckoos have infiltrated Naith. They are spying on us. Mona has done her best to root them out, but she has only caught two spies, a pair working together. A dwarf mother and her cuckoo son.

I realized that must be the dwarf I had seen during my tour.

Runaway slaves flock to the mountains. Queen Athirmi clenched her fist.

We have many patrols to recover them, said Tama, still kneeling before my mother, but they slip through thanks to the help of the shapechangers.

Our patrols that go into the mountains get destroyed, one of the centaurs said. He shook his head. The cuckoos can be a songbird perched in a tree. They have complete intelligence of movement and can wait until the soldiers are in vulnerable spots and wipe them out.

Sounds bad, my brother said. Not sure what I can do about any of that.

Three years ago, they struck at my grandmother. Queen Athirmi shook her head. They plotted with one of my aunts and another of my cousins to kill my grandmother and take the throne. My aunt would give up our claim to the mountains in exchange for gaining the throne.

I take it the plot succeeded, said my brother. 

Partly. She let out a great sigh. I learned of the plot, but not in time to save my grandmother. I did manage to capture my aunt and cousin. I had them executed, of course, and, with a heavy heart, took the throne.

She didn't look sad at all. She had this smile on her face. I didn't want to consider what really went down. These rakshasas are loathsome. I wanted to get our ambassador papers and get out of Naith. I never wanted to come back.

My condolences for the death of your grandmother, My brother said, giving an incline of his head. I still don't see what I can do against an entire war.

I don't want the war to end. Athirmi smiled. These rebels keep things interesting. The court is off-balanced. My sisters and cousins are all plotting to use this to their advantage.

And you can blame any problems that arise on the rebels? I asked. Scapegoat them.

Always useful to have as a ruler. Queen Athirmi leaned back. Take credit only for the successes, never the failures. That is what a wise ruler does.

It sounded to me that the queen wasn't wise at all. She was trying to hold mountains she didn't need to hold. Just trade with the dwarves like before. But she wanted to grasp onto everything. Enslave as much as she could. 

So, then why am I here? Kurtis asked. And not on my way to Shizhuth?

The queen leaned back and drummed her fingers on her throne's armrests. The lamia stopped licking her at some unseen signal. Not long before you arrived in Ankush, they raided the ziggurat and stole something of value. Something irreplaceable that I owned. I needed it returned to me.

Ah, my brother said. Okay.

I have tried other agents. 

Mona squirmed and hung her head low.

But they failed.

We had planned to send Solja and Tharaka to destroy the item, said Tama. Better for it to be removed from the rebels in any way so it can't be used, but that's is the last resort. Then along came a man who dominated not one, but two rakshasas in the space of a night.

An interesting turn of events, said Mona. And after your performance in the last two Trials where you broke all the rules, well, I am certain that you are just who we need to complete this task.

Yes, yes, you have convinced my advisers that it is wise, the queen said.

My stomach sank as I realized just what we were asked to do. 

So, we just infiltrate the rebels, steal back this item, and then return it to you, Kurtis said. I don't think that would be a problem.

I wanted to screech at my brother. It sounded impossible. What was he thinking?

Succeed, and you shall have my seal and be my representative to Shizhuth. So long as you conduct the negotiations I need with the empress, you are free to pursue whatever your real goal is. A smile spread on her lips. Whatever a son of Las is searching for.

Just enjoying all the varieties of women in this world, my brother said with a shrug.

Well, come back, and you can bed any of my slaves, she said. I know you're eager to enjoy a few of them. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

Agreed, I said. This would be another test. If we couldn't handle a hostile force, we would be in trouble in Shizhuth. So I would do this. I would get back the item.

Now, I mentioned that we had caught a team, said the queen. A dwarf female and her cuckoo son. We suspect they are lovers. She knows something, but we have been unable to break her. For three days, she has had her lust swelled. The libido of dwarven women is beyond any other female out there. But she held the denial of sex. Can you break her?

Of course, I said. I glanced at my dragon-mother. She had put her cock away. Mother, you'll need your dick for this.

Of course, she said.

What are you planning, Kurtis? Lasla hissed as the two werefoxes scampered off. They vanished down the stairs at the back of the Ziggurat.

That I need to break one of them to tell us where it is. The mother has refused, but this son... He smiled. I bet he is protective of his mother.

You're not going to hurt her? she gasped.

Of course not. I pulled my sister to me. I stroked her arms. You know what sort of man I am. And if she and her son are lovers, well, how many sons want to see another man fuck their mother. I grinned. I know I don't.

You're going to cuck him? I gasped.

I pulled my sister to me. But first, we have to get the dwarven mother so horny, she'll be begging us to fuck her. We'll continue the charade, so... I opened my sister's robes and smiled at the sight of her body. Mmm, I'm going to have to love you. So will my mother.

Lust flared through my sister. You know I enjoy that.

The robes fell off her body. The centaurs both watched. I didn't care if they watched. They couldn't touch. Besides me, only women, and my dragon-mother, could touch my sisters. I slid my hands up and cupped her breasts. I squeezed and kneaded them. Lasla whimpered. Her face contorted in delight.

My dragon-mother slid up her. She stroked my sister's shoulders and then leaned in and kissed Lasla on the neck. My sister shuddered as my mother kissed her. For a moment, I thought of Lasla's mother, Sianili who we'd left behind with our two older sisters and our children.

I missed my children, but I would return to our island a hero. I would have saved Las, liberating him. My father would not stay in bondage to Throwia forever. I would find a way to save him. One day, the Goddess of Suffering would figure out I was on the path to save him. 

And she would bring her fury down on us. So I had to be strong. I had to hone myself. Naith, this mission, and even the nagas of Shizhuth would all make me ready for that day. 

It took some time for the prisoners to arrive. I arched an eyebrow. Just how deep were they.

Deep, Lasla whispered.

I glanced at her and she shot me a shake of her head that said, Not now.

What had my sister been up to? How did she know what was down that staircase? She had been holding something back, and that wasn't good. I'd have to talk with her, but now wasn't the time. The dwarven woman appeared first.

I could feel her lust. It spilled out of her before she appeared. My dick twitched as she was brought up by a pair of dwarven men. They wore muscles with knotted beards. Despite the naked, moaning woman they escorted, not a single one of them had a hint of arousal in their hearts. I had heard dwarven men had the less sex drive of any creature in existence save maybe goblin women.

Now I knew it.

They were voids of lust. There was only the faintest spark. I might fan that up in a candle flame, but there just wasn't the fuel in them to burn brighter. They were practically stone. Unyielding in their implacability.

Not the dwarven woman. She was naked, in chains. She was taller than a halfling, but not as tall as even a short, human female. She was curvy, not stocky like the males. Not solid muscle but bountiful curves. Big breasts, curving rump, plump thighs. A yoke was about her neck, her wrists manacled to it. Her fingers flexed as she struggled to reach her own pussy and masturbate herself.

Please, please, please, she moaned with desperation. Just let me cum.

Where have the rebels hidden what they stole from me? the queen hissed.

I don't know, Your Majesty! she squealed. But something in her lust flickered for a moment.

Gods, Lasla whispered. She's a bonfire.

And she's lying, I said. All that lust, and she's still holding onto the secret.

The queen smiled. You can get it out of her?

I broke Pradu, did I not? 

The queen inclined her head in acknowledgment.

The son appeared next. He was no dwarf. He was bound in the same yoke. He had a slender body, as tall as me, but delicate. Like a bird. He moved with an avian grace. I could see the blood of Chaun in him. He had pure black skin. Not that deep-brown or ebony a Halanian had, but the color of night. His hair was white and cut short, contrasting with him. He was naked and hard.

Mother, be strong, he said, and the way his desire pulsed...

They were lovers. 

Lasla, straddle my dragon-mother, I said. We need to really heat up the dwarven woman.

Yes, we do, my sister moaned as my hermaphrodite-mother sank on her back, her clit-dick thrusting up from her crotch. 

My sister straddled her step-mother's waist and grabbed that dick. She lowered her pussy to it and groaned as she pressed the tip into her black bush. Then she sank down on it. I smiled and followed her down, my own cock throbbing and aching. I was so, so ready to just sodomize my sister. To fill her asshole up with my dick.

The dwarven woman watched us with frustration. Her lust burned in her. She groaned as my sister bottomed out on my mother's girl-dick. I winked at the prisoner and pressed my dick into my sister's asshole. I slid my dick up and down her butt-crack and found her puckered anal ring.

The prisoner whimpered, her chains rattling, as her envious lust swelled through her. She wanted to be my sister right now. The dwarven woman wanted to have her asshole sodomized by my big dick. She wanted to be full of cocks.

Be strong, Mother, the son called, his lusts not nearly as out of control.

I'm trying, she moaned. I need your cock. I need to be fucked.

I smiled and flared her lust even more. She moaned while Lasla groaned. I sank into her bowels. Her velvety sheath engulfed my cock. The friction flowed down my dick. I slid to the hilt in her. I loved sliding into her bowels. It was magnificent.

My dick throbbed in her bowels. I twitched, savoring that passion. My hands grabbed my sister's hips. She moaned, her body brimming with her own desire. She lifted her cunt up my mother's girl-dick while I drew back my hips.

Las's big dick! my sister moaned. Gods, that's good. Ooh, two cocks in my holes.

The dwarven woman whimpered as I thrust back into my sister's asshole and she impaled her cunt down my mother's big dick. The sounds were so exciting to hear. I shuddered, my dick throbbing in my sister's asshole. 

I pounded her hard while she rode my dragon-mother's shaft. The hermaphrodite moaned. Her gasps echoed through the air. My sister gasped and groaned, slamming her cunt down that big dick while I buried my large cock into her asshole.

So good, she whimpered. Oh, Kurtis, Mother Azuliana, I love having your dicks in me!

You're going to cum so hard on us! I moaned, feeling my sister's lusts rising. And my mother's.

Matar's big dick, you are! Mother moaned. Oh, sweet Lasla, work that pussy up and down my dick. Yes, yes, just like that.

The dwarven woman moaned, her pussy soaking her bush. She shuddered, big tits jiggling. I grinned, the ache building and building at the tip of my dick. Everyone watched on, the queen and her two werefoxes, the centaurs, and the werespider. The dwarven guards didn't seem to care at all. The son hissed encouragements to the horny mother.

She was molten with lust, gasping and moaning, her yoke creaking as she strained to break her chains free. I loved how horny she was as I plowed into my sister's asshole. Lasla was almost about to cum herself.

She was excited.

Gods, I groaned as I reamed her, my balls tightening. The ache at the tip of my dick swelled. Oh, damn, Lasla, that's great. Let me feel that ass cumming!

Kurtis, yes! my sister gasped as I slammed into her asshole. I buried deep and groaned as she rippled around me. Oh, Kurtis! Mother Azuliana! Yes, yes, that's so good!

Her black hair danced before me while her asshole suckled at my dick. She nursed at me with hunger. She suckled at my dick, wanting to feast on every drop of cum that I would fire into her. I would hose her down. Just baste her with all the spunk in my balls.

My dragon-mother moaned, Matar's big dick! I felt her cumming into Lasla's cunt. Yes, yes, yes!

Oh, Mother Azuliana! Lasla gasped, her asshole sucking at my dick. I could feel her hunger. She wanted me to erupt.

I drew back and then buried to the hilt in her bowels I exploded in her. Hot cum spurted into her anal sheath. Her velvety walls suckled at my dick. They rippled and writhed as the pleasure slammed into my mind. 

The dwarven woman gasped and moaned as she watched. She stared at me with lust. She panted for this bliss. I spurted over and over into Lasla's bowels. I flooded her with everything that I had, the pleasure slamming through my body and into my mind.

Please! whimpered the dwarf. Fuck me like that!

Mother! her son whimpered. I could feel the humiliation coming from him. I'm here! You don't need him.

I do! Oh, Zian, I do! The dwarven woman's large breasts quivered. Her chains rattled and the wooden yoke groaned. I need him in me. Please, please, fuck me!

I ripped my dick out of my sister's asshole. Release her!

The queen snapped her fingers. The dwarves who had brought her up produced keys and unlocked her cuffs. She thrust both her hands between her thighs and rubbed at her fiery bush. Her large tits jiggled and bounced while she smacked her lips.

On your hands and knees, dwarf! I growled. You want to cum, you have to earn it.

Yes, yes, yes! she moaned and turned around. Fuck me with your dirty dick.

Mother! her son groaned. Xian was clearly her lover. Don't do this, Mother. I love you.

I love you, too, she moaned, but this cock... Krab's mighty creations, I need his dick in me. I need him fucking me so hard!

I fell to my knees and pressed the tip of my cock into that soaked bush. Queen Athirmi watched on. The two werefoxes looked disgusted. They didn't want me fucking her before she had told her secrets. The queen, however, was allowing me to proceed. I knew what I was doing.

I thrust into the dwarf's wet and juicy cunt. Her hot flesh spilled over my cock. I groaned at the feel of her pussy engulfing my dirty dick. Her tight snatch buffed me clean of my sister's asshole. She gasped, her back arching, her orgasm swelling.

I seized her climax and clamped it off. I would not let her cum. 

Fuck me! Fuck me! she moaned. Oh, Gods, I need this cock fucking me so hard. Just pound made!

Mother, whimpered her son, watching on as his mother had utterly surrendered to me.

Who's cock is better? I asked her, drawing back. Mine or your son's?

Yours! she moaned, too lost to her lust to care about anything. Yes, yes, this dick will make me cum.

Will it? I asked and thrust forward, her hot flesh squeezing about my dick. She felt incredible. Juicy and tight. A mother's cunt. Her son watched on, thrashing against the manacles. Will you cum on my dick!

Don't, Mother, her son groaned. Don't cum on her cock! You're mine. You promised.

I'm sorry! she moaned as I pumped away at her cunt. I'm so sorry, Xian, but your mommy needs a big dick to fuck her hard. Yes, yes, just pound me! Fuck me with that huge dick.

Xian slumped, watching on defeated as I fucked his mother. I savored this moment of triumph. There was always a rush in cuckolding a man. In taking his woman from him. And that she was his mother made this even sweeter.

I gripped the dwarven woman's hips. I thrust into her, savoring how she squeezed down on me. She whimpered, just moments from her orgasm, but unable to achieve it. I had complete control of it I thrust into her over and over again.

She was strong. Like the male dwarves, she had that unyielding stone in her. She could endure the madness of her sluts without ever cracking once. 

I slid my hand up her body and grabbed her breasts. I squeezed them. She gasped, squeezing her cunt down on my thrusting cock, polishing more of my sister's asshole off my dick. My fingers dug into her hard as I plowed away at her. I fucked her with powerful strokes, reaming her cunt.

Mmm, your mother has such wonderful breasts, Xian, I groaned.

Just stop fucking her! he groaned, staring at me with wild eyes.

Stop? I smiled. But I haven't made her cum yet.

She's not thinking right! he gasped. Don't do that. She's mine. My mother. I love her. Please, please!

You know how to make this stop, I groaned, squeezing the dwarven woman's tits. Just tell us where the item was taken, and I won't make your mother into my next whore. I won't breed her.

I flared a twinge of lust in the dwarven woman. Oh, yes, yes, breed me with that huge dick. Fuck me so hard. Make me cum and then flood me with your seed.

Mother! Xian gasped, his slender body trembling. His midnight-black skin contrasted with his white hair. Please, Mother.

So good! she moaned. Oh, yes, yes, this dick is so good. It's going to breed me. I'll have another son. Oh, yes, yes, another son to fuck me. Oh, Gods, yes. Fuck that big dick into me.

I pounded her hard, twisting her nipples. The ache in my balls rose. The two werefoxes were longer looking disgusted. Their eyes widened. Queen Athirmi smiled, her fingers drumming on her throne. Then the lamia buried her face into the queen's pussy and licked her.

Queen Athirmi rose to her orgasm as I fucked the dwarven woman. I pounded her hard, twisting the busty mother's nipples. Her son watched on with violet, trembling eyes. He thrashed against his manacles, the chains rattling.

I'm getting closer to spurting my cum into her, I groaned. Once I do, she's mine forever. Just tell me where it is. That's all.

I... I... Xian's face twisted.

Cum in me! begged the dwarven mother. That'll make me explode. Please, please, just spurt all that jizz into me. I need it!

Time's running out! I groaned. My balls are tightening. I'm going to erupt. Just spurt all that cum into her pussy.

It's...

Don't tell them, Xian! moaned the mother, her pussy squeezing tight. Just let me cum. Let him breed me!

No! Her son glared at me. It's in Azkobez Hold beneath the Purple Nipple. He slumped forward, panting.

Gods, no! the mother moaned as I ripped out of her cunt. Please, please, don't stop fucking me.

I promised your son, I groaned and turned, snapping my fingers at my mother. 

She darted over, big tits heaving, and fell to her knees. She opened her mouth wide and suckled my dick into her mouth. She nursed on me hard as I erupted. I threw back my head and pumped my cum into her mouth. The dwarven mother howled her disappointment as I shuddered, firing blast after blast of cum into my mother's mouth.

Take away the prisoners! Queen Athirmi moaned and then she gasped out in rapture, cumming on her lamia's mouth.

The cum fired out of my dick. I flooded that hungry mouth with spurt after spurt of my jizz. I shuddered, my heart racing. I shook my head, stars dancing before me. My chest rose and fell as I savored this wonderful moment.

I panted as I fired the last of my cum. I looked to Queen Athirmi. So, what is this item that was stolen that I have to recover?

Follow me, the queen said and rose from her throne. She marched around it, heading to where the prisoners had both appeared from and now had been taken down.

I held out my arm to my sister. Panting, she took it, still naked. Our mother followed behind us. The queen went down the stairs into the darkness of the Ziggurat. I glanced around and then grinned. I would show no fear.

I headed into the darkness after them.

To be continued...
