THE AFTERMATH 
(Or What Follows Next)
Chapter 10: Grigor and Axel

This is story of erotic fiction meant for adult readers over the age of eighteen years.

Written by Jean-Christophe (Chris)
Read my stories at http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Jean-Christophe_Stories

"The characters and ideas contained in this story are the writer's and shouldn't be used without permission. Please respect the integrity of the story and don't do any rewrites, alterations or add pictures. "

Chapter 10: Grigor and Axel

Grigor and Axel hang suspended in their chains and wait apprehensively - but for what?

They hang naked, suspended by their wrists from the ceiling of the room. Their ankles are spread wide and fastened to thick, iron ring-bolts securely anchored into the concrete floor. The two men are separated three metres apart and facing one another, and with their bodies stretched taut, neither has much movement. Frustrated by this lack of movement, Grigor futilely struggles in his chains and roars out in anger and frustration.

Immediately, a door is thrown open and two semi-clad overseers, armed with vicious canes, rush into the room. These overseers waste no time in applying the canes to the shoulders of the suspended men. As the canes cruelly cut into their flesh, both Grigor and Axel cry out in pain. Twice they feel the excruciating bite of the canes; twice the overseers demand that they `keep quiet'. 

And, to emphasise those demands, both overseers pace the room swishing their canes ominously through the air.

Now subdued, Grigor and Axel hang suspended in their chains and wait.

Eventually, Grigor tries to speak to Axel and once more they both feel the cut of the canes. Now they remain silent; each lost in his troubled thoughts.

Time seems to have stood still for Grigor. How long is it since he, Axel and his men were ambushed by enemy forces, captured and sold on to the slavers? Is it a week, two weeks, a month? Grigor doesn't know. Since their capture, Grigor has lost all sense of time and place.

He recalls that he and his men were in high spirits the evening they went out on what was to be their last patrol. The previous night had been spent in the local tavern where there was an abundance of food, drink, and women. Grigor recalls that he had enthusiastically partaken of all three.

Such evenings were a welcome diversion from the monotony of patrolling the disputed border areas between his country and that of its neighbour. The long running dispute is a simmering one involving much heated rhetoric, hairy-chested posturing and the occasional skirmishes along the border. 

Historically, its origins have been long forgotten; it legacy is the bitter hatred and enmity between the two countries. Grigor has been ambivalent in his attitude to this shared enmity; but as a soldier and an NCO, he has always given unquestioning support and loyalty to his country.

However, his first loyalty has always been to Axel and the men in his unit. Bitterly, he reflects that his support and loyalty to his country have now cost him dearly and delivered him into slavery.

He raises his head to look across at Axel who smiles back. Both men are firm friends and have been since they were posted to the same unit three years ago. They have that rare camaraderie that is found between men who share their lives in close proximity to one another and who, at times, totally depend upon each other; sometimes for their very lives. Grigor loves Axel as the brother he never had and Axel returns that affection. Now, both are to share the horrors of slavery.

                             >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Grigor reflects on the confusion as they came under attack while on night patrol. His unit fought hopelessly against overwhelming odds; the inevitable conclusion was their capture and transference to a prison camp within enemy territory. Grigor expected that they would be treated as prisoners-of-war. In this he was mistaken.

After a week at the camp, Grigor and his men were lined up on the prison's parade ground and ordered to strip naked. Grigor, supported by Axel, had protested at this and both were soundly thrashed. The other men in the unit, wishing to spare Grigor and Axel further punishment, complied with the order. Soon, all stood naked, at attention, and waited in the scorching heat of the sun.

As he stood naked, Grigor felt apprehensive; he'd heard rumours that the enemy didn't keep prisoners. Rather they sold them to slavers who took them to the slave markets of the south. Was this the fate that now awaited them?

Suddenly, they were approached by several enemy officers accompanied by two men dressed in civilian clothes. Slowly, these men strolled down the front of the line of prisoners before moving to the rear of the line to continue their visual scrutiny. This inspection lasted ten minutes.

Next, the two men and the officers were engaged in an animated debate; they were haggling over a price for the prisoners. Finally, agreement was reached and the shaking of hands sealed the deal. Grigor and his men had been sold and now they were officially slaves. Their new owners wasted little time in taking delivery of them.

Quickly, other men armed with whips and canes, moved onto the parade ground and while the enemy soldiers kept guard, Grigor and his men were introduced to the accoutrements of slavery. Each man was fitted with a temporary iron collar - eventually to be replaced by order of their new owners with permanent ones - and heavy shackles were placed around their wrists and ankles. Weighed down by the weight of their new uniforms the former soldiers were shocked at their reversal of fortune.

Then, loaded onto a transport truck and driven south for two days and one night to a grim prison - they didn't know where - they were immediately processed into their new slavery.

Here, their hair was cropped and they were branded with the mandatory S - for slave - on their left flanks. Nothing they had endured in the past had prepared the new slaves for the torture of their brandings. Grigor had been the first of his men to be branded.

Dragged forward to the branding table, Grigor was stretched out full length on his belly; then he had been securely strapped down to await the branding iron.

From where he was lying, he could see the handles of several irons heating up in the coals of a brazier. Periodically, these were withdrawn from the coals and checked for readiness only to be placed back in the brazier for further heating.

Grigor felt cold fear as never before and he struggled to be free. Soon he was covered in sweat - the sweat of sheer terror. Through his confusion, he heard laughter and he felt a hand patting his buttocks accompanied by a soothing, accented voice telling him.

"STEADY! STEADY!" 

Panic-stricken, he had a mental vision of a nervous animal being calmed by its owner prior to some painful operation.

He watched as an iron was withdrawn from the brazier. Satisfied that it was at the right temperature, the brander walked the short distance to the table. Grigor followed the man's actions with horror-filled eyes. Trembling uncontrollably, Grigor heard himself pleading. 

"NO! PLEASE DON'T! PLEASE!"

His pleas were ignored!

Next, Grigor felt a firm hand resting on his ass pushing downwards to keep him steady. Vainly, he tried to turn his head to see what was happening. He felt a sudden warmth as the iron was poised above him. Slowly and methodically, the brander positioned the iron above his quivering flesh. The brander was well practised and knew when and for how long to apply the brand. He took pride in the clarity and crispness of his brands and he wouldn't be hurried. Suddenly, with lightning speed, he applied the iron to Grigor's body.

As the hot iron seared into his flesh, Grigor experienced pain unlike any other he'd felt in the past. . It was unimaginable pain and it seemed to last for ever. Detached from reality, he heard an animal like shriek and realised it was coming from him. The iron was withdrawn and sobbing; Grigor was quickly freed from the table. As he was dragged away, he saw Axel, struggling in the grasp of two determined handlers, as he was wrestled onto the table.

Placed in a cell, he was left to lie on its straw covered floor where he cried in misery. Suddenly, he heard Axel's anguished scream. Soon after, Axel joined him on the floor of the cell and they both listened to the pain-filled screams of their companions as they too were branded.

The newly branded slaves were left to rest and recover for the next few days. Slowly the pain eased and the blistered flesh formed a healing scab that protected the rawness of the brand. Grigor knew that eventually this scab would lift off to reveal the crisp outline of the letter S burned permanently into his body. He felt great shame and humiliation that he and his men were now no more than branded livestock awaiting an uncertain future.

It was during this period that they were introduced to their new diet -Slave Fodder. This unremarkable food is noteworthy only for its blandness.  Accustomed as they were to army rations, the new slaves nevertheless found it difficult to adjust to their new diet. The fodder is tasteless and unsatisfying and is made from a specially formulated mixture of unknown ingredients and other supplements designed to keep them lean, fit and healthy.

It comes in two forms; one, fed to them each morning, is a dry powder which, when mixed with water, takes on the consistency of glutinous, cold porridge. The evening meal is in the shape of dry biscuits and is very similar to eating breakfast cereal. They were given only water to drink; subsequently they are to learn that this will be their only diet throughout the long years of their slavery.

Agonisingly, Grigor watched as his men lost all hope and sunk into despair. Try as he might, there wasn't anything he could do to lift them out of their despondency. Grigor was determined to resist enslavement with every fibre of his being and in this he was supported by Axel.

Then, one day they were driven out of their cell, loaded onto a transport and delivered to Dave Matheson's dealership. Here, they now await their impending sale.

                             >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Grigor knows that he and Axel are in this room, at the request of the arrogant, young man who had peered so intently at them through the bars of their pen. He had heard the young man ask to inspect them and listened as the older man described them as wild and did his best to dissuade him. However, the younger man had prevailed in his request and both he and Axel were roughly dragged out of the pen and manhandled through the building to this room. 

Grigor and Axel had fought as hard as they could and they wear the bruises of their resistance on their bodies. However, they were no match for the eight handlers it took to drag them here and chain them up.

Grigor knows they are here for a purpose and that they have been made available for the young man to inspect them He wonders what an inspection entails and he is worried.
                            >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Andy slowly walks around each of the two suspended slaves. As he does so, both slaves turn their heads trying to follow his movements. Pausing between them, Andy is deciding which to examine first. He chooses Grigor.

Now, standing within a few inches of the suspended slave, Andy looks into Grigor's intensely blue, hate-filled eyes and smiles. Reaching out he places both hands on the slave's muscular chest and is delighted with the silky feel of the slave's hair. The hair is thick and the same golden colour as the hair on his head. 

At the touch of Andy's hands, Grigor draws back and struggles in his chains. He misses the nod of Dave Matheson's head to one of the overseers and is he unprepared for the resulting bite of the cane. He cries out in pain and struggles in his chains.

"Dave, you are right. These two are wild and I sense their determination to resist. Can I make a suggestion?" Andy asks.

"Please do, Andy."

"Well it seems to me that both of them are strong-willed and capable of withstanding any personal pain inflicted on them. However, there appears to be a bond between them and I wonder just how strong that bond is. How would they re-act if one is punished for the other's misdemeanour, I wonder?"

"AAH! I know where you're going with this, Andy. It's a technique I've used myself on occasions. There's one way to find out - let's try it and see what happens." 

Dave Matheson instructs the overseers to take up a position - one behind each slave. 

"There you are, Andy. Go ahead and see if it works."

Placing his hands once more on Grigor's chest Andy ask.

"How old are you, slave?"

Defiantly, Grigor maintains a sullen silence. He is startled by Axel's sudden agonised cry of pain as the overseer's cane slashes across his back.

"Let's try again. How old are you, slave?" Grigor stubbornly remains silent.

"AARHH! OH HELL! UGHH!" 

Once more, Axel cries out in pain as he is punished for Grigor's refusal to answer. For a second and third time, the cane strikes Axel's back. Finally, Grigor realises the futility of his resistance; to continue with it will only cause more pain for Axel. As he sees the cane raised once more he shouts.

ALRIGHT! ALRIGHT! I'm twenty-two."

"There now. That wasn't too hard, was it slave? But you really do need to show respect. When under inspection, it's customary for a slave to refer to whoever is inspecting him as Master. So let's try that once more, shall we? How old are you, slave?"

"Twenty-two..........." Hesitating, Grigor catches sight of the overseer's upraised arm and he chokingly stutters ".........M-M-M-Master"

"What is your name?"

"My name is Grigor and my army numb............" His answer trails off as once more Axel yelps with pain.

"That's the wrong answer. I only asked for your name. As you are now a slave your army number is irrelevant. Confine your answers to the questions asked of you. So, one more time - what is your name?"

"Grigor, Master."

"GOOD! Now that's so much better, isn't it slave? It's better for you and CERTAINLY better for your friend. So your name is Grigor. I like that. Should I buy you, I might even let you keep it. Normally, slaves don't have names and only answer to `slave'. If you become my slave would you like to keep your name?"

"Yes Master" 

With each new answer Grigor is further acknowledging this man's mastery over him, he reflects bitterly.

Andy is pleased at the slave's responses. Really this is all too easy. He'd expected a lot more opposition from the slave. He doesn't doubt the slave's strength of character or the resolve of his will-power. Andy reasons that if he was only dealing with this slave, then his task would be much harder.

However, it seems he is correct in assuming that there is a strong bond between the two slaves and it would appear that the slave - what's his name - ah yes, Grigor will humble himself to spare his fellow slave any unnecessary pain. 

In a way, he is envious of the two slaves; he has NEVER had a friendship with that depth of feeling. He can't imagine his artistic friends sacrificing their self-interests for one another. He reflects that, after tomorrow's sale and sadly for the two slaves, their friendship will be fractured as each is taken off to his individual slavery.

Still he IS enjoying himself in bending the slave to his will. He now knows that should he succeed in buying this unbroken slave, he will spend many interesting hours in training him. As he thinks about how he'll break down the slave's resolve, Andy is aware of the throbbing hardness of his cock

"Let me explain what is to happen to you, slave. Tomorrow you and your friend are to be sold and it is my intention to buy one of you. However, before I do so, I need to inspect you both to see if you meet my requirements. Do you understand what I'm saying?"

"Yes, Master."

"Good. Then listen carefully. I need to examine your body. To do this I have to place my hands on you. You WILL submit and allow me to do that or your friend will be punished. You'll stand quietly as I inspect you and you'll remain silent. You won't flinch or draw away from my touch. DO YOU UNDERSTAND?"

"Yes, Master."

"Good, then let's begin."

Now, as they stand toe to toe, Grigor feels Andy's breath on his chest. He is disturbed by this close proximity and shudders as Andy places his hands on his body. He feels revulsion at the touch of another man's hands.

Of course, in the past, he has often been in close physical contact with other men as he trained for hand to hand combat. And often, out of sheer boredom, the men in his unit would strip to the waist and wrestle one another. In the spirit of those occasions, Grigor and Axel had joined in the fun.

But Grigor always told himself there wasn't anything sexual in this; after all he wasn't gay. However, if he is honest with himself, he secretly enjoyed the feel of another man's hard, muscled body as it made contact with his own body.

For Axel's sake, Grigor wills himself to stand steady as Andy's arms encircle his chest in an embrace. Andy smiles into the slave's face as his hands travel up and down his back exploring the powerful muscles. As Andy's hands move down to the rounded curve of his ass, the slave begins to breathe heavily. Then, grasping a firm buttock in each hand, Andy begins a gentle squeezing of the lean, hard muscles. The slave tries to back away but is stopped by Andy's instruction to. 

"STAND STILL!"

Suddenly, Grigor gasps loudly and his body tenses as he feels a finger seeking to enter into the cleft between his buttocks. Involuntarily, both buttocks clench tightly together in an effort to stop this intrusion.

He is ordered to "RELAX!" And fearful for Axel, he does as commanded.

Now, he feels the impatient finger exploring the warm, dark recess between his buttocks. As the finger touches his puckering hole, Grigor's sense of shame is palpable. Sensing this shame, Andy maliciously asks the slave.

"Have you ever been fucked? Have you ever had a man's cock in you, slave?" 

And as if to emphasise the question, Andy crudely thrusts his finger into the slave's body.

Grigor, outraged at this assault on his body and the implications of the question, shouts his defiance.

"GET YOUR HANDS OFF ME, YOU FILTHY PERVERT! I'M NOT GAY!"

Now, both he and Axel pay the price for his defiance as both overseers lay into them with their canes. Their cries are a mixture of pain, outrage, humiliation and shame.

"That little outburst was really silly, slave. It caused you and your friend a lot of unnecessary suffering. I didn't ask if you are homosexual. As a slave, your sexual orientation is completely irrelevant. What happens to you is in the hands of your new owner. Should he wish to use you for sex, then he will do so. As a slave that choice is no longer yours. Now let me ask you again. Have you ever been fucked? What about your fellow slave - has he ever fucked you? Have you ever fucked him?"

"No, Master." Grigor answers tearfully.

"Then, I'm sure your new master will soon correct that situation." Andy laughs.

Andy returns to his inspection of the slave's body and, as he tweaks the prominent nipples, he finds they are remarkably similar to Toby's. In fact, Andy is struck by the similarities between the two slaves. Of course, this slave is younger than Toby and has different hair colouring- he is blond whereas Toby is darker. But like Toby, this slave too, is magnificent.

Viewed from the front, the slave is tall, long legged and extremely handsome. With his arms stretched above him, the tautness of his body highlights his superb musculature; from the width of his powerful shoulders down over his imposing torso to his trim, narrow waist. 

His broad chest, rising and falling with his heightened breathing, is dominated by two very erect nipples surrounded by large, dark coloured halos. The tautness of his suspension throws into relief the scalloped edges of his abdominal muscles and at the centre of his belly is a deeply indented navel. The chest is covered with softly textured, golden hair which trails down the centre of his belly to the genitals. And it is here that Andy's scrutiny stops - he is entranced.

The slave has a large, thick penis resting on top of, and slightly to the left, of two large testicles. But it is the cock that most interests Andy. The slave is uncut and, though not aroused, there are signs of an incipient erection. Shyly, the pink glans peeps out from the protective cover of the foreskin. And Andy is delighted to see a tiny, white pearl of pre-cum glistening at the piss-slit.

Grigor is humiliatingly aware that his body is under close scrutiny and for some reason he feels unclean. He feels powerless in the face of this man's lust and he knows he is no longer in charge of his destiny. There isn't any doubt in his troubled mind as to what fate awaits him should this man buy him. He knows this man's interest in him is aggressively sexual and he is appalled at the prospect of becoming his slave. Instinctively, he knows he will be used for this man's pleasure. He cringes with shame as the man focuses his gaze on his genitals and despite all his willpower, he feels his cock slowly responding to the man's lasciviousness.

Andy licks his lips as he watches the slave's cock inch itself into life. He senses the slave's shame and helplessness and he revels in his uncontested power. He will enjoy owning this slave; he feels excitement as he anticipates the training the slave will need to undergo to bring him up to the same high standard as Toby. He knows he will need to train the slave HARD - but he believes he is equal to the task.

As Andy reaches out to take the cock in his hand, the slave pulls away as far as his chains allow. Andy persists and now begins to move the foreskin back along the shaft. He is surprised at the softness of the slave's prepuce and he watches the mushroom shaped head emerge from its concealment. Now he begins to manipulate the foreskin, sliding it back and forth over the glistening dickhead. He is fascinated by the feel of the foreskin.

Toby, of course, is skinned; as are all Andy's slaves. This goes back to his late father's day; for ascetic and health reasons he'd insisted that all the Trevorrow stock were circumcised. So an uncircumcised slave is a novelty to Andy and after the long years of using Toby, he thinks this slave will add variety to his bed. 

Andy decides that should he buy the slave, he'll allow him to keep his foreskin, at least in the interim. For Andy possessing a slave with a `turtle neck `will be a welcome diversion; he anticipates spending many enjoyable hours playing with it. He is completely captivated by the slave and wants nothing more than to fuck him. The despairing slave, for his part, weeps tears of helplessness and shame.

With the slave's cock in his hand, Andy slowly strokes its sensitive underside. Grigor steels himself against Andy's ministrations, but his willpower is useless in the face of Andy's determination. Horrified, he feels himself responding as his cock thickens and lengthens. Andy looks straight into the slave's eyes and chuckles triumphantly. Mortified, Grigor lowers his eyes in shame and defeat.

As Andy continues to tease the now excited cock, Grigor trembles and tries vainly to stem his rising passion. Deep within himself, he knows he is fighting a losing battle and with the promise of the pleasure to come, it's a battle he wants to lose; inevitably he abandons the fight altogether.

Incarcerated with his men since their capture, it has been some time since Grigor has had any sexual relief; now despite his deep shame, Grigor longs for it and submits to Andy.

Soon, Grigor is softly moaning with pleasure as his body responds to Andy's persistent manipulation of his cock and balls. His legs tremble, his knees buckle and he sags in his chains. He is oblivious to all others in the room save Andy; his immediate world consists only of himself and this man who is arousing him. 

He is unaware of Axel's look of disgust as he watches or of Dave Matheson's amusement at how easily he has capitulated to Andy. Dave stands in awe of Andy's undoubted ability to break the resolve of a stubborn, wild slave.

Without warning, Andy removes his hands from the slave, leaving him suspended between ecstasy and frustration. The slave jerks his hips forward in a vain invitation for Andy to continue. Instead, Andy walks behind the slave to study him from the rear.

Andy is as equally impressed by the rear of the slave as he is by his front. Andy's eyes slowly wander down the slave's muscular arms from the shackled wrists to the shoulders. Here, he pauses to watch the erotic play of the slave's powerful back muscles rippling under his skin.

Continuing, Andy's gaze sweeps down the deep V shape of the slave's upper body; from the wide shoulders to the trim, narrow waist. He stands entranced by the flaring, curvaceous lines of the firm, hard buttocks - still quivering from the slave's unfulfilled desire - to the strong, corded muscles of the thighs.

Andy is exhilarated by this slave and decides that he truly is a slave for any master to savour and enjoy. As he gazes lustfully upon Grigor's naked body, Andy is aware of a slow, dampening patch in his undergarments.

Andy parts the slave's buttocks and begins to gently tease his hole. Grigor struggles as he feels the finger thrust into him and he grunts in discomfort. Plaintively, the slave begs. 

"MASTER! PLEASE! DON'T! PLEASE, MASTER............."

Undeterred, Andy persists and soon the finger is buried deep within the slave, exploring the warm, moist interior of his body. Andy is delighted with the silky smooth feel of the slave and begins to slowly work his finger in and out of hole. He feels the slave's resistance as he strains to eject the finger. Andy likes the feel of the clenching and unclenching of the strong sphincter muscles. As he reflects on the tightness of the slave's hole, Andy decides that it will require much exercise and training to prepare it for the uses he has in mind for it.

He withdraws the finger and returns to the front to stand face to face with the slave. Andy runs his hands over the cropped head before tracing his fingers down over the tear stained face to the mouth. He taps the side of the slave's mouth and orders. 

"Open your mouth, slave. I need to inspect your teeth and tongue. So open up, WIDE!" 

Meekly, Grigor obeys. Impatiently, Andy delivers a stinging slap to the slave's face and orders him to. 

"OPEN WIDE! WIDE I SAID! WIDER!"

Unhesitatingly, Grigor obeys, once more.

Anxiously, Dave asks. "Andy, is it wise to put your finger into the mouth of an unbroken slave?"

"Don't worry, Dave," Andy laughs. "I think our wild slave is now well on the way to becoming a very tame one."

A solitary sob wells up in Grigor as he realises that Andy is right. With all of his resistance now gone, he is no longer a man - he is just a slave.

Once finished with Grigor, Andy then turns his attention to Axel.



To be continued.............................



.




