The following is a work of fiction consisting of adult concepts and 
possibly sex.
Do not read if you are not legally permitted. I dont want the police 
on my front doorstep.
You are welcome to read but please dont distribute without my 
permission.
Feel free to make any comments to the author.
Send E-Mail to dalech33@hotmail.com

Cheerleader Blues Part II

Tracy was nervous. She really didn't want to be here in the gym right 
now. Her twin sister Stacy had arranged for the both of them to meet 
Coach Baxter here for some special treatment. 
Stacy wanted to be a cheerleader more than anything else and this was 
the only way she could be one. It wasn't because she wanted do 
something useful with her life. She just wanted to sleep with Angus, 
the school jock. But Angus only dated cheerleaders. Stacy had gone for 
cheerleader tryouts but had failed because she wasn't currently 
sleeping with any of the football players. She had tried to persuade 
Ms. Spencer to let her be a cheerleader but soon found out that it was 
Coach Baxter that made the final decision. Stacy had done a little 
research on Coach Baxter and had discovered that he had a weakness for 
Incestuous, Lesbian porn movies (all this, plus other interesting 
titbits, is in Twins 04).
Which is why Tracy was now freezing her arse off in the school gym 
waiting for the coach to turn up.

"I'm freezing my arse off," stated Tracy, confirming that the author 
did indeed have a grasp of the situation.

"Oh stop whining. At least you remembered to put on some underwear."

"If I had known it would be this cold I would of put on a hell of a 
lot more than this skimpy cheerleaders outfit. Or better still, I 
would have stayed at home in bed with Clifford."

"Well you can leave if you want. Of course if you did then I would 
have no chance of becoming a cheerleader, which means I wouldn't get 
to screw Angus and then Cliffy would lose his dare, so it will be me 
being kept warm by his hot bod instead of you." (See Twins 04)

Tracy glared at her sister. If looks could kill Stacy would be worm 
food right now. The thought of Stacy's body being consumed by maggots 
brought a thin smile to Tracy's lips. She was about to get up and 
start jogging around the gym to keep warm when the main door swung 
open. 
Coach Baxter stood in the open doorway and looked at the girls. Tracy 
thought it was a very hungry look. She shivered but it was not because 
of the cold.
Stacy got up and sauntered over to the coach. She stopped in front of 
him, placed her hands behind her back to thrust out her young breasts 
and looked up at him in her best little girl pose.

"Hello Coach. I'm Stacy and that is Tracy." She gestured behind her to 
the mats in the middle of the gym where Tracy was seated.

"I want to be a cheerleader Coach Baxter and I was hoping you could 
help me."

"Cheerleader quota is full," said the coach in an abrupt tone but 
Stacy noticed he was looking at her in a very lustful way. She decided 
to work on that.

"Oh there must be a 'position' for me," said Stacy, thrusting her 
breasts out as far as she could and absent-mindedly running a finger 
over her lips. Coach just kept staring at her so she gently took his 
hand and led him over to the mats. She let go of his hand then sat 
down on the mat next to Tracy.

"I really want to be a cheerleader coach. More than anything. And 
Tracy said she would help me."

"Only because you're a dirty, blackmailing whore," muttered Tracy 
under her breath.

"And we are here to make your every fantasy come true," breathed 
Stacy, totally ignoring her sister.

Coach Baxter just stood where he was with his arms folded, glowering 
at the girls.
Stacy was beginning to wonder if this was going to work. She decided 
to see if a little action wouldn't help to thaw out the coach. She 
turned to her twin and kissed her lightly on the lips. Tracy made no 
effort to return the kiss.

"Play along," whispered Stacy, "or Clifford will be fucking me by 
morning."

Tracy glared at her sister and then returned the kiss. It quickly grew 
in intensity, their young tongues twining together as they held each 
other close. 
Stacy reached down and grabbed Tracy's sweater then gently lifted it 
up over her head. 
Tracy raised her arms to make it easier for her sister to remove the 
garment, then returned to kissing her. 
Stacy slowly moved her lips down to Tracy's throat, placing soft 
kisses as she went. 
Tracy leaned her head back and gave a low moan. If nothing else, Stacy 
certainly knew how to turn her on.
Stacy continued to move down until she reached the lacy white bra that 
her sister was wearing. She placed her mouth over one fabric-clad 
nipple and gently sucked. 
Tracy reached behind her own back and quickly undid her bra, allowing 
Stacy to push it aside to reach her breast. Placing her hands on 
Stacy's head, she gently pulled her closer to her breast. She 
surprised herself with how much she was enjoying this. They had fooled 
around before in the back of Clifford's car on the way home from a 
party but they had been drunk at the time. Now she was clear-headed 
and really getting into it. It was surprising just how much sensation 
you miss when you are drunk. She moaned again as Stacy gently nipped 
her nipple with her teeth. She reached behind Stacy to grab her top 
and started to pull it up. Stacy released Tracy's breast so she could 
pull her top off, but it didn't stop there. In a matter of seconds the 
girls were completely naked.
Stacy looked over at Coach Baxter and was disturbed to find that he 
was still standing with his arms crossed, staring down at them in that 
stern manner of his. 
Then she looked at his pants.
They were virtually bursting at the seams.
From Stacy's vantage point it looked like the coach was not only horny 
but also hung like a horse. She envied Mrs. Baxter. She turned back to 
her sister who was lying on her back on the mat. Stacy climbed on top 
of her twin and positioned herself so that their nipples were just 
brushing. She smiled as Tracy opened her legs to allow Stacy to lie 
between them. She pushed her hips against Tracy's and slowly rubbed 
against her puss. 
Tracy wrapped her long legs around her twin sister and they started to 
rock, Stacy pretending to thrust into her sister. The motion and 
friction was quickly getting to Tracy and before she knew it she was 
climaxing beneath her sister. She held her tightly as her body bucked 
against her sister. When it subsided Stacy bent down and they kissed 
again. Then Stacy slowly slid down till her breath was playing over 
Tracy's still throbbing pussy. She started to run her tongue over 
Tracy's moist lips and was pleased to see her sister tremble under her 
touch. Stacy started to run her tongue around the entrance to Tracy's 
puss in ever decreasing circles. She reached the centre and thrust her 
tongue in as deeply as she could. 
Tracy gasped as she felt her sister penetrate her. She reached down 
and ran her hands through her sister's long, blonde hair. Lifting her 
legs she placed them on Stacy's shoulders, lifting her hips to allow 
her twin to thrust her tongue in deeper.
Stacy took her cue and did exactly that, making swirling motions to 
try to reach every spot that she could.
Tracy could feel another orgasm coming on when suddenly she felt her 
sister pull back.

"No! Don't stop!"

Stacy looked up and smiled at her sister, then wet two of her fingers 
with her long tongue before sliding them into Tracy's wet puss.

"Oh God yes. Finger fuck me. Slide those fingers into me. Make me 
cum."

Stacy had every intention of doing just that. She bent down and placed 
her mouth over Tracy's clit, gently applying pressure to it with her 
tongue as she began to suck.
This was all too much for Tracy and she fell willingly in to the abyss 
of an incredible orgasm, her whole body bucking under her sister.
Stacy was amazed at how powerful Tracy's orgasm was. She couldn't wait 
to have her twin do the same thing to her and was about to get into a 
69 position when she felt two strong hands on her naked hips.

'Well it's about fucking time' she thought to herself. Her thoughts 
were cut off when she felt something large and warm at the entrance to 
her arse.

"Um Coach, I think you have the wrong hole there. If you could just"

She nearly fainted as Coach Baxter thrust his nine-inch dick into her 
arse. The pain was exquisite. Stacy gasped as she fought to relax, 
knowing that the sooner that she could, the quicker the pain would go 
away.

"Fuck Coach, you could have at least spat on it before you jammed it 
in there." She slowly relaxed and allowed the monster cock to work its 
way in deeper. As she grunted with the exertion she looked up at her 
sister to see a wry smile cross her face.

"I guess this is what they call, poetic justice," whispered Tracy.

"Shut up, I'm busy," grunted Stacy. 

She tried her best to go with the thrusts of Coach Baxter but it was 
not easy. She felt like she was being torn apart. Sure she had done 
the anal sex thing before but not with someone this big. She thought 
that if she had the time to prepare she might actually enjoy this but 
right now she was to busy trying to catch her breath.

"Oh God Coach, slow down a bit will you?"

She contemplated faking an orgasm in the hope that it would excite him 
enough to get him cum. She decided to wait for a couple of minutes. He 
was thrusting faster and faster so she didn't think he would last much 
longer.

Coach Baxter had indeed built up a head of steam and was moving faster 
than Brittney Spears on Acid. With a moan he shot his load deep into 
Stacy's arse.

'Christ' thought Stacy, "I'm going to be shitting cum for a week."

As Coach pulled his rapidly deflating cock from Stacy's arse she 
turned to him and decided to ask the question.

"So Coach Baxter, can I be on the squad?"

"No."

"No? Why the hell not? We put on a lez show for you. I even let you 
fuck my arse. Why can't I be on the squad?"

"Because it's not up to me."

Stacy stood before him with her hands on her hips. She was furious. 
This was the second time she had been fucked for nothing.

"Well then who the fuck is it up to?"

"Principal Pendergrast."

"What? Him? I have to fuck that old goat now?"

"Well no actually you don't."

"You mean he will just let me onto the squad?"

"No, I mean he doesn't like girls. Well at least I don't think he 
does. He never talks about them and I have never known him to go out 
on a date. So I guess he is either celibate, or gay. Either way I 
guess you are screwed." Coach Baxter pulled up his pants and started 
to walk towards the doors, but turned to give one last comment.

"Nice fuck by the way. You have one tight little arse. See ya."

Stacy stood fuming as she watched him walk out of the gym.

"I don't know how, but I am going to make him pay for what he did."

Tracy threw Stacy's clothes at her.

"Get dressed, we're leaving."

"Noooo. I have to go fuck Principal Pendergrast now. It is only six 
o'clock so he will still be in his office."

"You are not going to fuck the principal. You heard Coach, you're not 
his type."

"But I can't give up now. And you have to help me. You have just as 
much at stake here as I do. Unless you don't really care what happens 
to Cliffy."

"You know damn well I do. And I will help you, but first you have to 
remove that dare from him."

"But then you won't help me and I really want to fuck Angus. If I 
still can after what Coach did. I am surprised I can still walk."

"Ok then change the dare to me. I will take Clifford's place."

"Nope, sorry. A dare is a dare. I guess if you want his dick then you 
will just have to help me, won't you?"

Tracy glared at her sister.

"Fine. Now come on."

"Where are we going?"

"To Principal Pendergrast's house."

"But he won't be there, he's in his office."

"Just shut up and come on," said Tracy as she dragged her sister out 
of the gym.


Two dark figures slipped through the shadows of the room. One moving 
with the stealth of a cat, the other shuffling along and making faint 
whining sounds.

"I'm cold and my arse hurts."

"Shut up. I told you to wear underwear."

"What about my arse?"

"Well stop sticking large objects in it and it won't hurt."

"It wasn't exactly my idea you know."

"Ssh. I'm trying to concentrate. I need to let my eyes acclimatise to 
the darkness."

"Well why don't you just"

"Will you please shut up!" hissed Tracy. She was beginning to wish she 
had come here alone.

"But"

"If you don't shut up we will forget about the whole thing and go 
home."

Stacy reached behind her sister and flicked on the light switch.

"Aaahh! Shit!" Tracy covered her eyes in an attempt to stop the pain 
of sudden light lancing through her eyeballs.

"Are you trying to fucking blind me or something?"

"I just thought it would be easier to see with the lights on."

"Well of course it will. And it will be a lot easier for the 
neighbours to see us in the Principal's house."

"They won't see us, not through those heavy curtains."

Tracy looked at the windows and saw that her sister was right. Every 
window had heavy cloth curtains draped across it.

"Why would he have those on his windows? It's almost like he didn't 
want people to see in here."

The twins moved around what was obviously the Principal's bedroom. It 
was a large room, empty except for a double bed against one wall.

"There's something strange about this room," said Tracy. She just 
couldn't put her finger on what it was.
Her sister picked it up almost immediately.

"There's no wardrobe, nowhere to put his clothes."

"But there has to be. It's not like he goes around naked." Tracy 
walked over to one wall and started to inspect it.
Stacy walked over to the bed and flopped down on it. She rolled over 
on to her stomach and started to rub her arse.

"Will you look at my arse Tracy? I am sure it is all bruised."

"I'm not going near that thing."

"Oh come on. I did a lot for you tonight."

"Oh yeah. I especially liked the bit where I had to have sex with my 
sister in front of Coach Baxter."

"Really?" asked Stacy.

"No, I was being sarcastic." Tracy continued to examine the wall. She 
had found a faint join running from floor to ceiling.

"Fine," pouted Stacy, "be like that then. You could at least be 
grateful that I made you cum."

She rolled over and grabbed the bedpost to help her sit up. The 
bedpost moved under her grip and she heard a faint clicking noise.

"Whoa," exclaimed Tracy as the wall in front of her started to 
accordion apart. What was revealed inside had her standing open-
mouthed.

"What is it?" Stacy couldn't see from her position on the bed. No 
response from her sister had her leaping up to see what was in the 
hidden alcove.

"Oh my God" she said as she moved beside her sister.

"Principal Pendergrast has somewhat of a hidden life."

"No shit. Umm is that thing what I think it is?"

"I think so. I have seen pictures in magazines but never in real 
life."

"But how would he use it?"

Tracy looked up at the ceiling of the bedroom and saw what she was 
looking for over the bed.

"Up there" She pointed to the hooks in the ceiling. "He would just 
attach it to those."

"Okay so I guess we just blackmail him then."

"I don't know if that would work. It would just be two schoolgirl's 
word against a respected Principal. And he could always get rid of 
this stuff before anyone bothered to look in here."

"So what do we do?" Stacy was convinced that blackmail would work but 
she knew her sister was smarter than she was and she respected her 
decisions. They were often right.
Tracy bent down and picked up a magazine from a box on the floor of 
the alcove. She flipped through a few pages and scanned the pictures.

"How's your arse Stacy?"

"Still sore, why?"

"I think it is about to get a lot better."

----------------------------------------------------------------------

What will happen next?
What is in the hidden alcove?
What deviant plans does Tracy have for Principal Pendergrast?
Will Stacy's arse ever be the same again?
Will Stacy ever get to sleep with Angus?
These and other questions will be answered in the final episode of  
"Twins, Cheerleader Blues"

