  A business trip leads a man to one of his lifelong fantasies.  Mb Oral


	I sat on the edge of the bed, nervously rubbing my fingers against the piece of paper 
Paul had given me.  Hed told me to call the number once Id gotten settled into my hotel room 
and to be ready for the time of my life.
	I reached over and picked up the phone.  My hand was shaking so bad I had to hang up 
and dial the number three times before I managed to get it right.
	The phone rang three times before a woman picked it up and said, Hello?
	Umm. Hi. I might have the wrong number.  I was given this number by Paul 
Armitage, I said.
	You do have the right number, Mr. Sloan, Mr. Armitage called and told us to expect 
your call, she said.
	Oh. Okay. So what do I do now? I asked.
	She laughed and said, The first thing you need to do Mr. Sloan is to breathe.  Our 
service is very discreet and we will meet whatever needs you have.
	Okay, I said.
	Now, are you looking for a companion for just the evening or for an entire night? She 
asked.
	Is just a couple of hours okay?
	Certainly, she said.  Would you like a female or a male companion?
	I couldnt speak.  I knew what I wanted to say. I knew saying what I really, truly wanted 
could get me into a hell of a lot of trouble. Paul had told me this service had everything but I 
was sure they couldnt possibly have what I truly wanted.
	Mr. Sloan, its alright to ask for what you want, she said, as if hearing the turmoil in 
my mind.  We dont judge you, sir.  We each have our most private desires.  Our job is to help 
you experience those desires.
	Male, I managed to force myself to say.
	Very good, sir, and how old?
	Thirteen, I answered, my voice just above a whisper.
	Once Id finally gotten past those two answers it was actually easier for me to go over 
the rest of my needs.  It took nearly twenty minutes to go over everything and pay but, once I 
was done, I was told the boy Id requested would arrive at my door in about two hours.
	I ended the call and opened my laptop to try and work.  After a few minutes of that I 
gave up.  My mind was very much not on work tonight.  I tried to watch TV, I paced, I stared out 
the window but nothing seemed to make the clock move faster.
	Finally, after an eternity, there was a knock at the door.
	I rushed to the door, nearly tripping over my own two feet in the process.  I stopped at 
the door took the handle in my hand and froze.  This was it, the moment of truth.
	I twisted the handle and pulled open the door.  This sight that waited me on the other 
side of the door stopped my heart in its tracks.  
	He was perfect.  He had short black hair and the softest brown eyes.  His face had a very 
feminine cast to it and his small frame looked perfectly normal in the small black dress he was 
wearing.
	He looked up at me and then back down at the floor.  
	Hello, sir, he whispered.
	Even his voice was perfect with its high lilt.  
	Hello.  Would you like to come inside? I asked.
	He nodded and stepped past me into the room.  As he passed, I caught a whiff of the 
strawberry shampoo he had washed his hair with and the smell sent tingle down my spine.
	He went to the bed and say down.  I walked over and asked, Would you like something 
to drink?
	Water please, he said.
	I got him and myself a water and then sat on the bed next to him.  He opened his water 
and took a sip.  We both sat quietly for a minute before he turned and looked up at me through 
his long eyelashes and asked, What would you like me to do?
	I took a deep breath and held it.  There were so many things I wanted him to do.
	Stand up and let me look at you, I said.
	He slipped off of the bed and stood before me.  He made a slow turn in front of me, 
letting me get a good, long look at him.
	When he finished the turn, I whispered, You are gorgeous.
	He smiled and blushed a deep red.
	Thank you, he said.
	Would it be okay if you took the dress off? I asked.
	He nodded and reached up to slip the straps off of his shoulders.
	Slowly, I said.
	He reached over and slipped the right strap off first, then, reaching across himself, he 
slipped the left strap down.  I watched as the dress slowly slid down his body.  First it exposed 
this chest, letting me see the small training bra he was wearing. Then it slid down letting me 
gaze at his flat, perfect stomach.
	It slipped lower, exposing the black, lacy thong he was wearing.  I could barely take my 
eyes off of the bulge in his panties long enough to take in his creamy legs.
	He stepped out of the dress and looked up, watching me as I watched him.
	I didnt think you could get any more beautiful but you did, I breathed.
	He smiled and it felt like the entire room lit up under his smile.
	Take off your bra, I said.
	He slipped the straps off and pulled the training bra over his head.  I gazed at his small 
little nipples on his flat, hairless chest.
	Come here, I said, spreading my legs and waving him closer.
	He stepped between my legs and I reached out and touched the skin of his stomach.  He 
was so warm and inviting, I needed more.  I slipped my hands onto his chest, rubbing him, 
needing him.
	I slid my hands onto his back and pulled him closer.  I bent my head down and kissed his 
shoulder.  I planted little kisses along my way to his nipple.  I flicked my tongue against his 
small nipple and heard him gasp.  I rubbed my tongue around his nipple, feeling it harden 
under my touch.
	He ran his fingers through my hair and pulled my head against his chest.  I sucked on his 
nipple a little longer, enjoying his sounds of pleasure.
	Reluctantly I gave his nipple one last kiss and leaned back.  His pupils were wide and his 
mouth hung open as he gasped for air.  I ran my fingers along the side of his face, reveling in 
the feel of his smooth skin.
	He leaned forward as I did and our lips touched.  I felt the softness of his lips on mine 
and then I felt his tongue licking along my lips.  I opened my mouth and felt his tongue slide 
against mine.  I moaned deeply, enjoying the feel of his kiss beyond words.
	We kissed for a long time before he broke the kiss and stepped back.  I stared at him, 
not sure why hed stopped.
	He knelt down in front of me and placed his hands on my thighs.  He pushed my legs just 
a little more apart as he leaned his face close to the hard lump in my pants.
	Do you want me to? He asked, eyeing the lump in my pants.
	Yes! I said.
	He reached up and unbuckled my belt.  He unbuttoned my pants and slowly unzipped 
them.  I lifted myself off the bed so he could pull my pants down, leaving my sitting before him 
with just the soft cotton of my boxers between us.
	He hooked his fingers in my boxers and slid them down, leaving my hard cock exposed.
	He looked at my cock and then up at my face.  He reached out and slowly took my cock 
into his hand.  I groaned as he gave my cock a gentle squeeze.  His eyes still on me, he bent his 
head forward and flicked his tongue against he head of my cock. I groaned louder and balled 
my fists in the bedspread.  His touch was almost too intense.
	He licked his way down the shaft of my cock, rubbing it against his face as he made his 
way back up.  He slid the head of my cock into his mouth, brushing it with his soft lips.  He slid 
my cock in and out of his mouth while his hand stroked up and down my shaft.
	I looked down and watched him suck my cock.  I saw his other hand was pressed down 
between his legs, rubbing at his hardness beneath his panties.
	I put my hands on his shoulders and said, Wait.  Stop for a second.
	He slid my cock out of his mouth and watched me expectantly.
	Stand up and take off your panties, I said.
	He rose, hooked his thumbs under his panties and slid them off, exposing his hard little 
cock.  I stared for a long time at him, memorizing every perfect feature.
	I slid back on the bed and said, Lay down with me.
	He crawled into bed and laid down so we were facing each other.  I reached out and 
touched his soft body.  I moved my hand down his chest and across his stomach.  He lay there 
watching me as I touched him.  
	When my hand brushed his cock he let out a little moan.  I wrapped my hand around his 
cock and stroked him.  He bit his lip and let out a long moan from my stroking.
	After a while I let go of him and told him what I wanted him to do.  He smiled and 
crawled between my legs.  He got on his knees and, as I lay back and watched, he began to 
stroke his cock.  
	He closed his eyes and I listened to his breathing, becoming more excited with every 
second.  I heard him gasp and licked my lips in anticipation.
	He moaned loud and leaned forward, pressing our cocks against each other.  I felt his 
body shudder as he came.  I watched his cum shoot out onto my cock as he rubbed against me.  
	When the last of his cum had dripped out, he lay there a moment to catch his breath 
before moving on to the next part of my wish.
	He lay between my legs and pressed his lips against the base of my cock.  He slowly 
licked his way up the shaft, licking his cum off of my cock as he went.  He took the head of my 
cock into his mouth and sucked me.  He wrapped his small fingers around my cock and stroked 
me up and down.
	It didnt take long before my orgasm hit me.  I felt my cock jolt as the first load of my 
cum shot into his mouth.  He gripped my cock tight and sucked my hard, swallowing every drop 
of my cum.
	I collapsed back onto the bed, letting out a long, contented sigh as he licked the last of 
my cum from the tip of my cock.
	Come here, I said.
	He crawled against me and we lay on our sides, facing one another.  I rubbed my hand 
down his back and cupped his perfect ass.  I squeezed the cheek feeling how soft it was.  I slid 
my finger between his cheeks and rubbed the tip against his anus.
	He groaned and ground himself against me, rubbing his cock against mine. 
	A loud beeping noise sounded and I looked around to find what it was.
	Its my cell, he said.  It means I only have five minutes until puck up.
	I was disappointed and wanted to tell him to stay but I knew I couldnt.  I could barely 
afford the little time Id had with him without my wife noticing the missing money.
	Reluctantly I let him get off of the bed and get dressed.  I lay there watching him, 
etching his every movement into my head.
	Once he was dressed, he came back over to the bed and gave me a quick kiss on the 
lips.
	The next time you call ask for me, my names Lexy, he said.
	I perked up.  Really? I can ask for you again?
	He smiled shyly and said, Yes.  I really liked you.
	Why? I asked.
	Youre very gentle and you have a nice face, he said.
	I lay there, stunned by his words.  There was a knock at the door and Lexy gave me one 
more soft kiss before running to the door.
	I laid there for a very long time, wondering how I could find a way to pull out more 
money.  I had to have him again.
