Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa Slime From Outer Space Chapter Eleven: Futa Slime's Naughty Plan
Summary: The futa-slime has one naughty plan!
Keywords: HhFf HHF inc oral creampie DP tentacle alien scifi wife cheat BDSM D/s school

Copywrite 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Ruru

This was turning into such a wild day.

I never thought I would have a sex slave. That was what I thought Mrs. Seymour was. My sex slave. A married teacher, a MILF, who wanted me to command her. And as she was doing an amazing job dominating Calista.

I stepped around my friend, Shannon, wearing her form. I had formed hair with pigtails like her little sister Morgan had, the only part of me that wasn't like her. I had the same round breasts, shapely rump, sleek thighs, and cute face. I licked my lips as Calista stared up at me.

The Hispanic girl had gorgeous, golden-brown skin. She slid her mouth off Shannon's futa-dick with a wet plop. She berated in, staring at me with these eyes that were so wide. She licked her lips. I winked down at her. 

You're... you're... She glanced at me. She's like your twin sister.

Just a copy of her, I said. I'm Ruru. And you're a naughty cunt that was mean to my friend Shannon. I won't allow that to happen.

I don't want to be mean to her. I want to fuck her. 

CRACK!

Mrs. Seymour, wearing her black leather corset and fishnet stockings, cracked the riding crop across Calista's rump. The girl squeaked in pain. Her head tossed and her face contorted with pain. Tears sprang up in her eyes. 

You call her 'Mistress Ruru,' cunt! Mrs. Seymour hissed. Show Mistress Ruru respect. If you want to be more than a cunt, that is. If you want to be her slave.

Shannon's slave, I said, smiling at my friend.

Mine? Shannon asked with giddy delight. Really?

Ruru nodded. I think that's only fair. Once she's nice and trained.

God, how am I going to explain all this to Raquel? Shannon asked, her face contorting. Her red hair swayed about her face as she stepped back. Her round boobs jiggled in such an exciting way while her cock bobbed before her. My cum leaked out of her shaved pussy and ran down her thighs. 

Just let me take care of her, I promised. You've seen what I did to your mother and sister. I'll open her eyes to the joys of polyamory.

Wow, Shannon said. You are such a naughty thing.

I winked at her. This world would be my home. I wanted to take care of it. To make it something amazing. I turned to Mrs. Seymour. And I'll fix your husband. Make him into a futa-MILF. Then I'll give you to her as a sex slave. She'll serve me. You'll serve her.

Yes, Mistress Ruru, moaned Mrs. Seymour. She fell to her knees. Do with me as you wish.

I glanced at Shannon. How should we fuck her?

Well, what if we both shoved our cocks in her pussy? Shannon asked. Do you think she would like that? If she could even take that much dick.

Oh, I want to find out if I can, Mistress Ruru, Mrs. Seymour moaned. She lifted her face, staring up at me with such hope in her eyes.

How do we do it? Shannon asked, this thoughtful look appearing in her green eyes.

We could do what lesbians do and scissor our pussies together, I told her. Then our cocks would thrust upward. That would be a wonderful way to do this.

Oh, my, yes, moaned Mrs. Seymour. I am so eager to please both your cock, Mistress, and your friend's wondrous dick. I will not fail either of you. I promise.

So, shall we? Shannon asked as she sank to the floor. 

I nodded then glanced at Calista. I didn't fully trust her yet. She had played ball, as the humans put it, but would she backslide? I hadn't destroyed her phone, just deleted the cloud accounts that had those compromising photos and made sure they were gone from her device.

But she could make more of them.

I grew a pair of tentacles from my hips as I sank to the floor with Shannon. I threw my right leg over Shannon's leg then I thrust my left leg under her right. I wiggled closer to her, my futa-dick twitching and throbbing, my tentacle-cocks grew thicker and longer.

My pussy kissed Shannon's. I loved the way her wet twat felt on mine. I ground my snatch against hers. My clit-dick throbbed as I rubbed my cunt against hers. We tribbed together for a moment. It felt just wondrous.

Then Mrs. Seymour grabbed both our cocks and lifted them up. She then straddled us and lowered her cunt down to our dicks. Her pussy lips kissed my dick and Shannon's. This wicked heat shot through me as the MILF pressed her married twat down our futa-shafts.

My tentacles waved through the air as Mrs. Seymour's hot pussy lips stretched over mine and Shannon's crowns. That juicy snatch sank down us. The MILF gasped, her big boobs jiggling before me. She stared down at me with this passion in her eyes as more and more of her cunt sank down our clit-dicks. 

I gasped in delight at that. Her twat devoured us. She groaned, her hands grabbing her big boobs. Her wedding ring sparkled as she bottomed out on our futa-dicks. My cock and Shannon's were sharing the same cunt. Our shafts throbbed in her.

She had such a big smile as she stared down at us. Then her pussy clamped down on my futa-dick. She slid up me. I groaned, savoring the delight. This heat through my body. I shuddered at it as the MILF worked her pussy up and down our clit-dicks.

Oh, that's amazing, Mistress, she moaned, her cunt clenching about us.

Fuck, yes, it is, moaned Shannon.

Ooh, that's so hot to watch, Calista purred. Who are the tentacles for, Mistress Ruru?

You! I purred and struck.

One of my tentacle-cocks shot between Calista's thighs. She gasped as one buried into her snatch. I shuddered as a second one of my dicks, as sensitive as the futa-rod sharing Mrs. Seymour's delightful cunt, plowed into the girl's cunt.

Oh, my fucking Calista started to gasp.

My third tentacle-dick buried into her mouth. I plunged deep into her. She groaned, sucking on my rubbery appendage. Now I had three cocks buried in three wonderful holes. Calista trembled there as I fucked her mouth and pussy with my tentacle-shafts.

I pumped them in and out of her as Mrs. Seymour worked her cunt up and down me and Shannon's futa-dicks. It was so incredible having my cock pressed tight to her cunt. We squirmed together, our pussy lips kissing as that delightful snatch rode us.

Oh, my fucking god, whimpered Shannon. Oh, Ruru, this is so amazing.

It is, I moaned. Ooh, Mrs. Seymour, ride my dick. That's so good. Yes, yes, you're just massaging my big dick with that tight pussy.

Uh-huh, she moaned, her twat slamming down my girl-dick. Ooh, ooh, that's so amazing. Yes, yes, you have such a wonderful futa-dick.

I winked at her. 

I loved the feeling of her cunt working up and down our girl-cocks. She massaged us with that hot twat. She made me feel amazing. I rose towards that big burst of pleasure. I would just shower her cunt with all the spunk in me.

She squeezed her pussy around our futa-dicks as I fucked Calista. The naughty girl suckled on one tentacle-cock while the other fucked in and out of her pussy. I plowed that tentacle-shaft deep into her juicy cunt.

My twat drank in the three delights. Three different holes that massaged me. Plus the delightful feel of Shannon's cunt rubbing on mine. Our futa-dicks throbbed together, my ovaries building and building with the pressure to cum.

Oh, that's so good! I gasped, my hands shooting up to cup my MILF's big tits.

She was mine. I owned her now. 

That was so hot.

Mistress Ruru, Mrs. Seymour moaned as she slammed her cunt down my dick. I loved the way she devoured my cock. This is amazing. May I cum on your awesome dick?

And mine, Mrs. Seymour, moaned Shannon. 

SMACK!

My friend spanked my sex slave's rump. Mrs. Seymour gasped in delight and slammed her cunt down our futa-dicks. It was incredible having all that snatch engulfing my dick. The pleasure shot through me. My face contorted.

I fucked Calista's pussy faster with my tentacle-cock. I thrust into her snatch with hard strokes. She moaned, squeezing her cunt on me. Her mouth nursed with such passion around my other tentacle-dick. The pleasure shot down my appendages and rippled through my snatch, washing around my ovaries.

I bucked on the floor, grinding my cunt against my friend's. The pleasure swelled in me. I hurtled towards that bursting point. Calista's tongue danced around the crown of my tentacle-dick. Her cunt clenched on the other while Mrs. Seymour slammed her snatch down my dick and Shannon's.

Yes! I howled.

I erupted.

All three of my futa-dicks spurted cum. I bathed Calista's mouth and cunt while flooding Mrs. Seymour's pussy. My twat writhed, gushing juices that bathed Shannon's vulva. The pleasure shot through me and slammed into my mind.

Oh, yes, yes! I moaned.

Calista gulped down my futa-cum firing out of my tentacle-cock while my other appendage drove deep into her cunt and flooded her. My real clit-dick pulsed against Shannon's as Mrs. Seymour slammed her cunt down my dick. She took me to the hilt. It was a treat. An amazing delight to have that juicy pussy engulfing both our shafts.

Oh, wow, Shannon moaned. You're cumming, Ruru. And... and... Yes!

Her futa-dick pulsed against mine. Her cum spurted into Mrs. Seymour's pussy, too. We flooded her with our passion. It was such a wild delight. I loved this so much. My head tossed from side to side, the pleasure rushing through me.

Oh, Mistress! squealed Mrs. Seymour. Yes!

Her cunt writhed around our girl-dicks. She suckled at our spurting clit-cock. I shuddered, my snatch grinding against Shannon's. Our juices bathed each other. Our passion gushed out and soaked the other. It was such an exciting delight to feel this.

Then Calista squealed.

Her cunt writhed around my other dick. Two of my futa-cocks were engulfed in spasming snatch as my cum fired from my three appendages. I trembled through the rapture, my heart beating a wild rhythm that swept through me.

The girl suckled down my cum.

Mistress Ruru! gasped Mrs. Seymour, her cunt rippling around my dick. It was such an amazing delight. I loved every second of it. Oh, Mistress, Ruru, this is amazing!

I groaned, trembling through my rapture. My face contorted with the bliss of this moment. I quivered, my boobs jiggling. This was such an incredible moment. I loved every second of this delight. I shuddered and whimpered, my face twisting with delight.

Oh, yes, yes, that's incredible, Shannon moaned.

I fired the last of my cum from my three dicks. My clit-rod and tentacle-cocks throbbed with the pleasure of this moment. My heart beat in my chest. The heat swept through me. It was such an exciting delight to enjoy.

I panted, sucking in deep breaths. I felt so dizzy from this delight. 

A car door slammed outside. I blinked then sat up. I twisted my head around and looked out the window. A woman walked up in a pencil suit. My eyes widened. It wasn't just any woman. It was Lieutenant Seabrook.

Oh, no! I gasped, fear rippling across my body. She's here. 

DING-DONG!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Nora Mathers

Wow, my sister said. Lizzie stared from me to my wife and back to me.

I had a wife now. Stephen was Stephanie, this hot futa-MILF that had licked my cum out of my sister's cunt. All while I had fucked my new wife in the cunt. I had thoroughly enjoyed her gender-swapped pussy.

You really had sex with my nieces? Lizzie said, her eyes so wide. That's hot.

Yeah, I said. Last night with Shannon and Morgan had been hot. Ruru had just made it much better. I glanced at my wife, her futa-dick thrusting out before her. You okay?

Yeah, she said. You really fucked our daughters? Damn...

You found it hot fucking Ruru when she looked like our older daughter, didn't you? 

My futa-wife blushed and nodded. She really was a sexy beauty with those big tits of hers. And she had a pussy just dripping with my cum. I smacked my lips, staring at her twat. This had been a wild day. I had fucked a patient who had just had a baby. Ass-fucked her and drank her breast milk.

I really should get back to work. Someone was bound to notice that I had gone missing. I would get fired, but... My wife had all that cream leaking out of her cunt. I wanted to just eat her out. Just lick out all my cum from her twat.

I moved to my gender-swapped wife and found Lizzie doing the same thing. I glanced at my little sister and saw that wicked gleam in her blue eyes. She was hungry for that cunt, too. I shuddered, wanting to fight her for it, but...

Share? I asked.

Sure, sis, she said, winking at me.

Share what? asked my wife. Oh. She glanced down at her futa-dick. A double blowjob from my wife and her sister? That sounds hot.

Right, right, blowjob, I purred and fell to my knees before her. I grabbed her girl-dick and pushed it up, pinning it against her belly. Then my sister and I both leaned forward, our cheeks pressing together as we nuzzled into my wife's bush.

The spicy aroma of her pussy rose above the salty scent of my cum. That mouth-watering aroma was just delicious. I groaned and buried my face into her black bush. Her jizz-matted curls rubbed on my face. And my sister's. 

She nuzzled into my wife's thick pubic hair and found her pussy lips. Her futa-cock throbbed in my hand as we licked her. We dragged our tongues through her folds, tasting that delicious mix of cream and spunk.

Girl-jizz and gender-swapped pussy mixed on my tongue.

My sister and I licked her. Our tongues slid past each other. We brushed each other as we licked at my gender-swapped futa-wife's pussy. Stephanie gasped and moaned as we devoured her. My tongue gathered the jizz leaking out of her cunt.

Oh, my god, my wife moaned. Nora! Lizzie! This is incredible. Two sexy MILF-sisters licking the cum out of my pussy.

Mmm, you're lucky day, I moaned and thrust my tongue into her snatch.

My sister joined me. We both swirled around inside my wife's cunt. It was hot, like we were kissing and eating cunt. This incestuous rush shot through me. I loved that we shared my wife's pussy. It was amazing to do this.

Yes, yes, yes, gasped Stephanie. This is such a wild experience to have you both licking my cunt. God, I have a cunt. This is just amazing.

My sister and I scooped out the cum inside her pussy. We dove into my wife's cunt over and over again. It was just such a wonderful delight. My tongue darted around in her snatch, finding more of my futa-jizz in her snatch. It was fantastic.

Then my sister darted in and gathered up jizz. We took turns feasting on my futa-seed mixed with my spicy snatch. It was fantastic. My wife moaned, as her big boobs jiggled and swayed. They smacked together and rippled. Her nipples looked so suckable.

And so did her futa-dick.

Mmm, no more cum, my sister moaned.

Yes, there is, I purred and stopped pinning my wife's futa-dick to her stomach. You had such yummy cum as a man. Let's find out if it's yummy as a woman.

I swallowed her futa-dick. 

I nursed on her with hunger. I suckled with such passion on her clit-dick. My tongue danced around her crown. She gasped, those lovely boobs jiggling. Her gorgeous, mature face twisted in delight. She groaned out her delight.

Lizzie pressed her cheek against mine and whimpered as I bobbed my head. I worked my mouth up and down my futa-wife's girl-dick. My own clit-cock ached as I loved her. My pussy clenched. I wanted to feel this big dick fucking me.

I want to suck her, moaned Lizzie. She's my hot sister-in-law! My turn!

I popped my mouth off and moaned, I've never sucked her as

My sister engulfed my futa-wife's dick and nursed hard on her. 

Hey! I squeaked with annoyance. That's my wife's dick. Ooh, I should be sucking her!

Lizzie worked her mouth up and down my futa-wife's cock. Stephanie just moaned her delight. Her face scrunched up and her big boobs jiggled. I licked my lips, coated in her spicy cream. She did have a yummy pussy to eat.

I had never been into pussy before. Now... Now I was starting to get that hankering to lick her twat. To just feast on her and make her cum. That would be hot. I ducked my face back into my wife's bush and nuzzled into her cunt.

I found her thick pussy lips. I nibbled on them. She gasped. My sister suckled with noisy passion as I licked up and down my wife's slit. I brushed her folds, loving their texture and that spicy flavor of her cunt.

Nora, Stephanie moaned. Oh, wow, Nora, that's amazing! 

I winked at her as I licked at her cunt. My tongue slid through her folds. She had such a wonderful delight for me to lap at. My tongue slid through her petals. I thrust my tongue into her depths and swirled around in her.

Yes! she gasped. Fuck, Lizzie! And Nora! Just... Fuck, you two are such a hot pair of sisters! Damn, this is hot. I am going to cum so hard!

Drown me in your pussy cream, honey! I moaned. And flood my sister's mouth with all your yummy jizz!

My wife groaned, her hips wiggling back and forth. She rubbed her furred muff into my face. The curls tickled across my features. I loved this. I thrust my tongue into her snatch. I fluttered my tongue around in her. It was delicious to feast on her like this.

I plunged my tongue in and out of her cunt. I caressed her with hunger. I loved the way she rubbed her cuntlips on my face as my sister bobbed her head. She nursed with passion on that big futa-dick. My wife moaned.

God, I'm going to cum, she moaned. I'm going to just erupt. Shit, shit, shit!

I thrust my tongue deep into her pussy. Her spicy flesh clenched about me in this exciting way. She gasped. Moaned. Then her pussy gushed juices. Her pussy cream squirted out of her and bathed my mouth with all that wondrous passion.

All that feminine delight.

My gender-swapped futa-wife moaned as her cum was pumping into my sister's mouth. She must be gulping down all that jizz, just swallowing it with hunger. I shuddered, loving the sounds I was hearing. The passion bursting from my wife's lips as she bathed my face in her spicy cream.

Fuck, that's so hot! she gasped. Nora! Lizzie! Yes, yes, yes!

Save me some of her cum, Lizzie! I moaned.

I licked up the cream spilling out of my wife as her bush rubbed on my face. She had such a delicious tasting twat. Her futa-cock pulsed before my eyes. Lizzie moaned, gulping down that salty futa-spunk. This was so wild.

Then my wife panted, her big boobs jiggling and swaying over our heads. It was such a hot sight to witness. My sister slid her mouth off my wife's girl-dick. I pulled my mouth from Stephanie's bush and turned my head. 

My sister planted a naughty kiss right on my lips. She thrust my wife's girl-jizz into my mouth. It was just a wicked treat. I shuddered, snowballing the cum back and forth. A shudder ran through me. My wife's cum tasted so good.

Damn, Stephanie moaned, her big boobs rising and falling as she watched us. Oh, damn, you two look so fucking hot doing that. Just snowballing my cum back and forth.

It made my cock so hard sharing my futa-wife's girl-cum with my sister. So damned hot. My cunt melted from the heat as the cum melted through our mouths. My sister grabbed my boobs, kneading them as she worked.

That was hot.

I broke the kiss with her and groaned, I have to get fucked by your new girl-dick, honey. You need to ram that cock into my pussy.

Just as you fucked your sister? my futa-wife groaned, her big boobs quivering.

Yes! Lizzie moaned. In the fucking ass, sis! She hopped up onto the bed and spread her legs wide. Her pussy dripped with juices. They ran down her taint to her asshole. That naughty backdoor gleamed with her excitement. Just bugger me.

Yes, groaned Stephanie. Lizzie, we're on the same page.

My sister beamed at my futa-wife. They were getting along so well. I loved that. Okay, let's do it!

I rose, my futa-dick throbbing with the excitement of buggering my sister. I moved towards her, my futa-dick twitching before me. My precum dripped from my dick. It was such an exciting thing to experience. I rather enjoyed it as I pressed my cock into her anal ring.

She grabbed my boob again, kneading them as I drilled my cock against her asshole. My sister moaned in delight as her backdoor widened. I pushed harder, aching to get in her. She groaned, her face contorting.

Fuck, sis! she moaned. Oh, fuck, that's good. That's real good. Just ram that big dick into me. Just fuck me hard!

I thrust hard. Her anal ring swallowed my cock.

I groaned as I slid into my little sister's tight asshole. It was so hot to bugger her. My MILF-dick sliding into her tight bowels. And as I did that, my MILF-wife was coming up behind me with her own throbbing cock.

My sister groaned, her round tits jiggling. I grabbed them, squeezing them as I sank deeper and deeper into her bowels. I loved the feeling of that tight sheath engulfing my dick. It was fantastic to have that amazing delight wrapped around my girl-dick.

Yes, I groaned as I bottomed out in her, my bush rubbing into her shaved pussy.

So much cock, sis, she purred. Now you, Stephanie, fuck my sister hard. Ram that big dick into her pussy. Let her feel what your new girl-cock is like!

God, yes, Stephanie moaned, pressing her dick into my bush.

She found my pussy lips. I groaned as she pushed against my twat. My labia engulfed her cock. She slid into me with ease. Her big boobs piled into my back as she sank deeper and deeper into my twat until her ticklish bush rubbed into my ass.

She hugged me, her hands gripping my tits. It was so strange feeling my wife with those big, soft tits. This wasn't how it was the last time she fucked me from behind. I loved how big her clit-dick was. She filled me up with that amazing shaft. It was fantastic.

She drew back her hips. My cunt clenched down on her. I chased her, pulling my cock out of my sister's tight asshole. She gripped my bowels with that wondrous ass. She held me tight as I pulled out her anal sheath.

Then my wife slammed back into me.

Oh, god, yes! I moaned, savoring Stephanie's thrust driving my clit-dick back to the hilt in my wife's bowels. She squeezed her velvety sheath around me as I gripped my wife's big cock in my pussy. That's it!

So good! Lizzie moaned. Oh, sis, fuck me hard! 

I will! I moaned, knowing my futa-wife would do that to me.

My wife sat the pace with her wondrous girl-dick. She plowed into me with hard strokes. She fucked me with just such amazing thrusts. Her girl-cock plowed into me again and again, churning up my cunt.

As she did that to me, my futa-dick pumped away at my sister's asshole. My clit-cock slammed into her bowels and drew back. She clenched about me, massaging the tip of my cock and sending such delight shooting through me.

I groaned as my wife pounded my cunt. Her futa-dick drove me into my sister's asshole again and again. I stared Lizzie in the eyes, my fingers kneading her tits. She grinned at me, such joy crossing her face as I buggered her.

Ooh, that's it, she moaned. Mmm, you're such a good fuck, sis!

That's my line, I purred and kissed her.

My boobs, being massaged by my wife's hands, pressed against my sister's as our tongues danced together. I fucked her bowels, rubbing my bush into my sister's cunt. My futa-wife hammered my pussy with her big dick, her nipples rubbing into my back.

My tongue danced with my sister's. She groaned, sucking on it as I drilled her asshole. The ache grew and grew at the tip of my dick. I hurtled towards that big burst of cum. I would flood her with so much jizz.

It would be amazing to flood her asshole with my cum while my wife pumped her girl-jizz into my pussy. My cunt clamped down on Stephanie's thrusting futa-cock. The heat from my sister's bowels and my wife's big dick heated my ovaries.

They grew tighter.

I groaned, my orgasm building and building in me. I groaned, rising towards that amazing orgasm. I would have such a big one. It would explode out of me. I shuddered, my wife drilling my cunt. My dick ached in my sister's asshole. I kissed her hard.

She broke the kiss and squealed, Nora!

Her pussy juices gushed out and soaked my bush with her passion. I gasped, her asshole writhing around my aching clit-dick. She suckled at me as my wife buried her clit-dick into my pussy. My ovaries burst with the pressure.

Oh, yes, yes, yes! My futa-cock erupted into my sister's asshole.

My pussy writhed around my wife's girl-dick as I flooded my sister's bowels. I pumped spurts of futa-cum over and over into her anal sheath as my wife groaned. Her hips drew back, my pussy writhing around her clit-dick.

Nora, honey, yes! my wife gasped.

She plowed into my pussy and erupted. Her cum pumped into my twat. It was so hot as I milked her girl-cock. I shuddered, my pussy working out all that cum in her. I shuddered, the pleasure shooting through me.

It was amazing to enjoy. I loved it so much. Stars burst across my vision as my wife spurted her girl-cum into my cunt while I basted my sister's bowels. She trembled against me, her round boobs rubbing on my tits.

I smiled with joy as I hit the peak of my orgasm, my sister's bowels working out the last of my cum while my futa-wife pumped a final blast of jizz into me. I shuddered with this delight. It was fantastic. I was so happy right now. Just so thrilled with this pleasure.

A big smile spread on my lips. 

Now, I really, really, really have to get back to work, I said. I'd have to take a quick shower. Okay. Lizzie, uh, we'll have to reschedule our original chat, and Stephanie, honey, we'll figure out what to do with your new situation tonight.

Right, right, she said. 

Well, I'll keep you company, Lizzie said. I'm stealing your futa-wife, sis!

Borrowing, I said, giving her a hard look as she squeezed her bowels around my dick. It was such a nice sensation.

What did I say? she asked innocently.

I rolled my eyes and smiled.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Shannon Mathers

My heart clenched as Mrs. Seymour rose off mine and Ruru's girl-dicks. I shuddered at the grip of her pussy. Then she motioned us to the kitchen as she rushed for the stairs and hurried up them, still dressed in her S&M gear.

I stood up and seized Calista, who still had a mouth full of tentacle-cock and hissed, Not a fucking word from you! 

Ruru and I dragged her to the kitchen, my futa-slime keeping Calista gagged. Just in case. We raced around the island and crouched down. Just then, the doorbell rang. The chimes echoed through the house, making my stomach clench.

A wave of fear washed over me. We were so busted.

How did she find us? I asked Ruru.

She was at the school. Maybe she saw us leaving with Mrs. Seymour, Ruru answered.
 
DING-DONG rang through the house again. My stomach clenched with fear. 

But then why did it take her so long to arrive if she... I groaned. She's with the government. If she saw even a part of Mrs. Seymour's license plate, she could figure out who she was. Make and model would narrow it down. Fuck. 

DING-DONG!

Coming! Coming! Mrs. Seymour called, her footsteps echoing down the stairs. 

I peeked out for a moment and saw her in a purple bathrobe that was pulled tight. Smart. She reached the door and I ducked back down. She undid the deadbolt then opened the door, but it didn't sound like she had fully opened it.

Yes? asked Mrs. Seymour. Wait, are you that woman that was talking with Shannon before my class today?

Yes, I am, said that investigator. What was her name? Lieutenant Sea... Sea... Seabrook. And I am curious why you left today with Calista Santiago not long after.

I wasn't feeling well, said Mrs. Seymour. So I arranged for a substitute. The school asked me to take Calista home, too. Since she wasn't feeling well.

Is she here? asked the lieutenant.

Mrs. Seymour laughed. Now why would she be here?

Because maybe there is a reason you left early, the lieutenant said. Perhaps she's up in your bedroom right now.

You have a very deviant imagination, Mrs. Seymour huffed. I'm a happily married woman. Now, get off my porch right now. I have a splitting headache. Go. Leave.

You get migraines? asked Lieutenant Seabrook.

I do, hissed the teacher. Not that it's any of your business. You can find Calista at her home.

Uh-huh, and what do you take for migraine? asked the lieutenant. My stomach lurched. She was nosy and suspicious. 

Relpax, Mrs. Seymour rattled off with ease. Do you need to see my prescription?

And what is Calista's address? asked Lieutenant Seabrook.

Mrs. Seymour hesitated. I don't know. She gave me directions. Over off Aldbrook. In the housing development.

No, it's not, I whispered. She's going to research it. And why is she looking for you?

Calista arched her eyebrows and shrugged, looking as perplexed as one could with a pink tentacle-cock shoved in her mouth. My heart pounded in my chest. I didn't know what to do about this. Lieutenant Seabrook would not let up. She wanted to figure this out.

Thanks, said Lieutenant Seabrook. I hope you feel better. And I hope Calista isn't in here. Lying to a Federal Agent is a felony. Obstruction of justice.

She's not here, hissed Mrs. Seymour. Now, please, leave, I have a bad headache. The door closed. I heard a heavy sigh. Then Mrs. Seymour rushed through the house to the kitchen and around the island, her face pale. Mistress Ruru...

She's tenacious, I whimpered, scared. You were totally wrong about where Calista lives. She's nowhere near Aldbrook.

Really? The teacher winced. Shit, shit, shit. What do we do, Mistress Ruru? She's hunting you.

Let me think, Ruru said. Did you notice anything unusual about her?

Ruru stared at me with my own face. I swallowed, frowning. Well, she looked exhausted. Bags under her eyes. And she was pounding coffee. I think she's been up all night. And if she has an office job, she might have been up for more than twenty-four hours.

Ruru nodded. So she's dealing with sleep exhaustion. Maybe I can work with that. She bit her lip. It'll be tricky. I'm going to need a distraction to get to her car.

An idea popped into my head. Mrs. Seymour, you need to tell Lieutenant Seabrook what Calista's real address is. Get her up on the porch. Ruru, you're going to have to be a sneaky slime and get to her car.

Is she still here? asked Ruru.

Probably trying to get a warrant to come in here, I said. She doesn't believe you at all that Calista isnt here.

Let's do it, Ruru said. You distract her, and I'll be a sneaky slime. I have an idea. It'll be very pleasurable for her, too.

Going to molest her with some tentacles? I asked, a big grin on my lips. You did a number on my mom last night.

Not just your mother, Ruru said then she crawled over to the back door and opened it. Give me a few minutes to get around to the side of your house, then be a distraction.

Yes, Mistress Ruru, Mrs. Seymour moaned. She was so ready to be such a submissive slut. I was thrilled that things were working out.

And you, I said as Ruru pulled her tentacle cock out of Calista's mouth, are going to get that mouth wrapped around my dick. I want to make sure that you don't make any noises.

Ooh, yes, Mistress Shannon! Calista squealed. I don't have to be a cunt!

She ducked her head down and swallowed my cock. My eyes widened as she did that. This wicked heat shot through me. I groaned as my girlfriend's bratty sister suckled on my cock. The heat swept through me. I shuddered, my face contorting with delight. 

Damn, I groaned as the sliding glass door opened. Then Ruru crawled out and scurried out of sight. I closed my eyes, hoping this would work. As I was enjoying one naughty blowjob. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ruru

I crawled down the side of the house and reached the corner. I peered around and saw a wooden fence. It would give me cover. I rushed to it, keeping low so that Lieutenant Seabrook didn't see me. I peered through and saw her parked in a blue sedan.

I studied the ground as I compressed myself. I shrunk smaller and smaller, compressing everything, even my heart. I made myself stretch out into a snake. I had read about them. I wasn't sure if I could fully mimic them, but I had seen other such creatures out in the rest of the galaxy.

I grew out to be about ten feet long, my body nice and compact. It wasn't as comfortable as being more gelatinous, but it would be fine. I was still flexible enough to have a good range of movement. I just needed the distraction.

The front door opened a few seconds later. Lieutenant Seabrook! called my sex slave from the porch. Lieutenant Seabrook!

The driver's door opened and the agent came around the front of the car and hurried up to the door. As she vanished from sight, I slithered beneath the door. I wiggled out into the front law, moving my body in a sinuous motion to propel myself forward.

I said Aldbrook, didn't I? said Mrs. Seymour, her voice tight. This migraine has my head all screwy. It was off Temple Heights. Grover Street. That's where she lives. A blue house. White trim.

I was moving fast to the car.

And you just happened to remember such specific details when you were so vague last time? Lieutenant Seabrook asked. It was clear she didn't believe my sex slave's story.

This migraine is murder, she groaned. But my pain killers are starting to kick in. It grew a bit clearer. That's where you can find her. Unless she was faking it. She's not the best student. Lots of skipping school and the like.

I slithered closer and closer to the car.

Uh-huh, said Lieutenant Seabrook. So you're giving me a chance to find her, but she might not be there.

Sorry, Mrs. Seymour said. I slithered beneath the car now, crouching in the shadows. I just had to find a way into the interior. How hard could that be?

I stared up at the undercarriage. It was... complicated. Lots of stuff. I hadn't bothered to learn about cars. I really wasn't sure what I was even looking at. Where what I needed to find was located. So I started oozing around.

The car door opened as I slithered around in the interior. It was filthy, but luckily I was a slime. I didn't pick up things I didn't want to. A cloud of dust and muck and rust spilled from me as I quested about. I just needed a hole that led up into her car. But there was this really annoying metal that was between me and the interior.

But I was undaunted. I kept searching, reaching my pseudopodia around, feeling with my gelatinous appendages. There had to be a weakness. I found the engine block. It was hot and made me nervous. I could be really hurt if she started her car.

I moved to the other end of the car and found something near the back. There was a hole that was plugged up. I pushed on it and found an opening. I smelled rubber. I oozed through into darkness. I spilled over a circle made of rubber with a metal middle. 

The spare tire. 

The ceiling felt smooth, but it shifted as more and more of my body pushed into it. A lid of something. So I swelled upward and found myself spilling out into the trunk of the car. There was a jacket back here, and several cases. Some light bled in from her direction. I oozed towards it and felt the cool feeling of fake leather.

It was soft. Springs. The back of the chair?

I shuddered and probed around at the spots where the light bled through. It was perfect. I oozed through the gape into the light and the back seat. I quivered in delight as I spilled over the seat. She was sitting in the front seat sipping at coffee and rubbing at her eyes. 

I spilled over the back of the seat, moving slowly so as not to be detected. If she looked back here and noticed me then I'd be in trouble. She kept staring at the house. She was definitely waiting for something. That was perfect. My plan would work.

I pooled into the bottom of the car behind her seat. The perfect place. I quivered here, staring down beneath her seat. I could see her feet, wearing flat shoes and dark nylon stockings. I oozed beneath her seat, pulling myself along.

It was dusty.

But that dust did not cling to me. I moved until I was at her feet. This next part would have to be fast. I would have to engulf her in my slime like I had with Shannon. I had to cover every bit of her body. Those nylons would be a problem.

I reached out a tiny feeler, poking it out into the back of her foot. I felt the material. It was interesting. A long polymer chain. And I could just easily dissolve it. I fashioned that chemical and added it to my body's makeup. This had to be as much skin to skin contact as I could manage.

I readied myself, then pounced.

I shoved out my pseudopodia and grabbed her ankles. The nylons melted away from my touch. They dissolved into a gunk I absorbed, passed through my body, and expelled it out the back. I surged up her legs as she gasped. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lieutenant Seabrook

The feeling of something warm and gelatinous grabbing my ankles shocked me out of my stupor.

What the fuck?! I gasped. I squirmed in the seat of my car as it spread up my legs. I stared down at my pants, watching the fabric waving. What is this?

I could feel it climbing up my legs. It went higher and higher. My heart pounded a mile a minute in my chest. I swallowed, struggling to think what to do. It was at my knees and spreading higher fast. It spilled over my thighs, rising higher. I stared down at my feet. There was pink gel over my foot as it oozed into my shoes.

The alien! I gasped. It had me.

It spilled up my thighs and reached my crotch. I felt it flowing underneath my panties. It flowed over my asscheeks despite me sitting on them. Now it covered my butt-crack and my vulva. Now it was surging up my hips. My stomach.

No, no, no! I gasped and struggled to get the door open. It was so warm and gooey. It surged fast no, rushing up my torso and hitting my breasts. It pushed beneath my bra and covered my tits. I fumbled for the door handle. I got it open.

I struggled to move my legs, but they were falling asleep. They were being numbed. This fuzziness washed over me. I leaned out the door, struggling to pull myself out. 

The warmth reached my armpits and my neck. It rushed out of my blouse to my chin. It was going to cover my face. It spilled over my chin. My mouth. Nose. In moments, pink engulfed my world. I screamed against it. 

It flowed down my arms as it engulfed my head. Hair and all. My arms went numb. I slumped forward, limp. Black crashed down on me. I was falling into blissful unconsciousness. This couldn't be happening. 

What was going on?

I drifted through darkness.

I had to find something.

Hunt something.

Pink. 

It was pink. I had a lead. I had to find... find...

A loud knock on my door snapped me awake. I blinked and looked up to see a cop staring at me. I shook my head and straightened. I was in my car. What had I been doing...? I had been looking for whatever crashed to earth. I had been following a clue. It was... was...

The officer knocked again. I shook my head and rolled down the window. He stared down at me and asked, You okay, ma'am?

Sorry, sorry, I was up all night, I said. Tracking down leads. I'm a Federal Agent.

You are, uh? the cop asked. Any reason you're parked before a high school, Agent...?

High school? Why would I be at a high school? I was looking for someone, right? Just tracking down something. Classified. DoD. It was a girl I had to talk to. Calista... Calista... Santiago. To talk to her about why Shannon lied to me. That girl was suspicious. I thought I had tailed her to... to... Where?

It's Lieutenant Seabrook, officer, I said, reaching into my pocket. My toes wiggled in my shoes. Why did they feel bare? Like I had forgotten to wear my nylons. Surely I put those on. I pulled out my ID. 

He took it and frowned. The... United States Space Force?

I nodded. And it's classified. I have to speak with a student here. Calista Santiago. She left, I think. I... My mind grew hazy. I remember looking for her, but... How did I end up in my car asleep?

Right, right, classified, he said. I'm going to have to get my sergeant down here.

I sighed. Right, right, I muttered. Fine. This wasn't going well at all. I couldn't believe I had fallen asleep. I was up all night and... Why did my body feel all tingly? Like pins and needles. My head throbbed, too. 

And there was this strange taste in my mouth.

As the cop called for his sergeant, I grabbed my phone to check my notes and... It was gone. My notes. My photos. Everything that I had gathered. My brow furrowed. No, no, that wasn't possible, was it?

Then it hit me.

Missing time, I whispered. I... I must have run into the alien. She got to me. Tried to erase my memory. Throw me off the trail.

I smiled. The hunt was far, far from over.

To be continued...
