Author: mypenname3000
Title: Owning a Maid Harem Chapter Four: Sister Maid Serves Her Big Brother
Summary: Lance's little sister revels in being his slutty maid!
Keywords: mf mFff mFf mc inc oral anal A2M exhib voy

Copywrite 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Lance Hayward

I lay on my back, with a big grin on my face. My little sister Kylie sat straddled my waist. Her blue eyes were so bright, her black hair spilling down around her face. She was naked, her small boobies quivering with just such a delectable amount of quivering flesh.

She was adorable.

On her left thigh was the pink garter belt. She was my Virgin Maid. 

That's it, Mom purred. She, too, was under the mind-controlling magic of the silver garter she wore on her left thigh. She was now my Mommy Maid, devoted to pleasuring me. Just like my sister was. 

Mmm, guide your daughter down to Master Lance's dick, purred Cali, the final woman in the room. A busty, purple-eyed maid that had served the Hayward family for generations. My Familiar Maid, she was mysterious and sensual, her big boobs jiggling. Just let her asshole sink down that big dick and pleasure him.

Yes, Mom groaned. Mmm, that's it, honey. Our Master needs your tight, little asshole around his dick. Your last virgin hole must be his.

Yes, Kylie said. She was a Hayward, too. She had resisted the magic and tried to flee into the manor house and learned first hand the dangerous secrets.

This manor held monsters. It was my duty to recruit my maids to keep the Imprisoned trapped. Hoary monsters out of Lovecraft's fevered imagination were trapped in paintings, statues, and tapestries. It might be wrong to mind-control my mom and sister and turn them into my submissive maid-slaves, but I had to do this. 

I had to keep the world safe.

The incestuous sex was just a massive bonus for a seventeen-year-old boy to enjoy. I was eager as Kylie lowered her body to my cock. Mom aimed me right for her butt-crack. My sister's black-furred muff dripped with cream. I had already taken her virginity, already loved her the way no brother should.

It was an excellent delight. I was so eager for it.

My cock slipped between her butt-cheeks and found the little rosebud of her asshole. I shuddered at the wonderful feel of her anal ring against my cock. That tight and puckered hole just begged to be violated by my big dick.

Now push your weight down on your brother's cock and let that beautiful, little asshole blossom and swallow his cock, Mom purred.

Yes, Mommy, Kylie groaned. She stared down at me with such heat in her eyes. Oh, Master, I'm going to be the best sister-maid in the world!

She pushed harder against the crown of my cock, her face twisting in delight, then she squealed in pleasure. Her back arched and her anal sheath swallowed my dick. I shuddered as all that wonderful asshole swallowed my cock.

Oh, my god, I groaned as inch after inch of her bowels swallowed my dick. It was an incredible rush to feel her devouring me like that. Just an amazing rush. I was so thankful for it. Just so thrilled to have that bliss devouring my dick. Yes!

Master Big Brother! squealed Kylie as she bottomed out of on me. Her nubile form quivered in delight. Oh, Master Big Brother. Master Big Brother! Yes, yes, yes, yes!

Her asshole had swallowed every inch of my dick. I shuddered there, loving the feel of my little sister's bowels squeezing about my cock. She groaned, her face twisting in delight. My Virgin Maid looked so happy on my cock. She wiggled her hips from side to side.

Now just slide up and down his cock, purred Mom as she knelt on the right side. Just work your cock up our Master's big dick and give him such pleasure.

Yes, Mommy! moaned my sister, a big smile on her lips. 

She flexed her supple thighs, one graced with a pink garter. It was an incredible delight. I loved how she massaged me. How she held me tight with her bowels. It was pure joy. Just something wondrous and beautiful to experience. I loved every second of it. Every last moment of that heat working up and down my cock.

I groaned then grinned as Mom slid her hand up my sister's torso to cup her little titty. She winked at me then ducked her head down. Her blonde hair spilled down from her head and swept over my stomach. She latched onto my little sister's nipple.

Kylie squealed in delight. Her head threw back. She whimpered with such passion as Mom nursed on her. My sister's bowels gripped my dick as she worked her sheath up and down my dick. She suckled on me with such passion. She hungered on me. It was an incredible delight to feel her hot bowels massaging me.

Mommy! squealed Kylie. Oh, yes, yes, you're making riding Master Big Brother's cock even better!

Yes, she's a wondrous maid, cooed Cali. She grabbed Kylie's free nipple and pinched it. 

Moans burst from Kylie's lips as the purple-eyed maid twisted and twerked that pink nub. Kylie worked her hot, tight ass  up and down my dick. She massaged me with that wonderful ass. She had such an amazing one. Just a thrill to have her working her ass up and down my dick. She suckled at me with such hunger. 

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned, savoring that heat. I loved it so much. I savored the way her hot flesh gripped me. She had such a wondrous grip. Damn, Kylie!

Do you like my ass working up and down your cock, big bro! she moaned, her ass gripping my dick. 

I fucking love it! I groaned. Oh, damn, that's good. That's so good. Shit, yes! I'm going to burst with such passion. I'm going to flood your asshole with my cum!

Flood me, Master Big Brother!

Mom suckled hard on Kylie's nipple as the naughty girl moaned out that passion. She slammed her asshole down my cock, swallowing my dick with her hot anal sheath. She rose up me, her head tossing and black pigtails dancing.

Cali licked her lips then joined my mom suckling at Kylie's nipples. The two older maids loved her nipples. Suckling. Nibbling. Teasing her. It was an incredible delight. My dick throbbed in her snatch. I loved every second of it. I savored every last moment of this hot asshole riding my dick.

The incestuous heat swept through me. It was an incredible delight to have working up and down my dick. It was an incredible delight to have my little sister working her tight asshole up and down my dick. She massaged me with that hot asshole. 

I loved it.

I savored it.

Yes, yes, yes, just like that, I groaned. Shit, that's so good. Keep doing that. Just keep doing that. Fuck!

You love it, Master? she whimpered, her hands sliding through Mom's blonde hair and Cali's black hair. She held the two older maids to her nipples. You love my asshole?

I love every bit of you, Kylie, I groaned. 

She beamed down at me, so under the control of the garter. She slammed her bowels down my cock then slid back up me. She gripped me with all that passion. It was an incredible delight to have her working up and down my cock.

The pressure in my nuts increased, fed by the warmth melting down my cock. Her hot bowels massaged the crown of my cock, swelling that bursting ache there. I would have such a huge one. It was a wondrous delight. I groaned at how delicious it was. Just savored that hot passion. 

Every time she slammed down on me, she swelled that wonderful pressure at the tip of my cock. That amazing need to cum just grew and grew. It was a wonderful thing to experience. I was so glad to have it building in me. 

Shit, yes, I groaned. Kylie!

Master! she whimpered, Mom and Cali nursing hard on her nipples. The wet, slurping suckles only made this wilder. Oh, Master, I'm going to cum on your big dick. I love it so much. I love you!

Love you, too, Kylie! I groaned as she impaled her cunt down my cock. Shit, that's so good.

She slammed her snatch down my dick and swallowed every inch of my cock. She gasped and bucked. Her asshole rippled around my cock. Then pussy juices squirted from her furred muff and splashed on my stomach. Her anal sheath sucked at me. 

Master Big Brother! she howled at the top of her head, filling her bedroom with her passion. Yes!

I groaned at the incestuous heat rippling around my cock. She suckled at me with such passion. I loved it so much. I savored that wonderful heat spasming around my cock. It was an outstanding delight. I loved every second of it. Every last moment of her orgasm surging around my dick.

Fuck, Kylie! I groaned, the pressure reaching that bursting point at the tip of my cock.

I erupted.

I fired my cum into her asshole. I pumped blast after blast of my cum into my sister's bowels. She gasped out with rapture, her face twisting with such delight. She groaned, her anal sheath convulsing around my dick. She nursed at me with such hunger.

I loved it.

I savored that hot flesh rippling around me. It was an incredible delight to spurt my cum into my sister's bowels. To flood her anal sheath with everything that I had. I groaned as I unloaded in her again and again.

Master Big Brother! she howled, her anal sheath ripping around my spurting dick.

I loved every second of unleashing my cum into my little sister's bowels. I flooded her again and again with blast after blast of my cum. It was an outstanding ecstasy. I groaned as her anal sheath wrung my nuts dry.

Fuck, I groaned as I pumped the last of my cum into her mouth. I spurted every drop of jizz into her pussy. It was a fantastic pleasure. I panted, savoring the joy of filling my little sister with all that cum. 

A big smile spread on my lips. I felt amazing right now. Just so wondrous. My chest rose and fell with the pleasure of this moment. I sucked in deep breaths, a shiver rushing through my body. I groaned, my face twisting with the pleasure of this moment.

She quivered on me, a huge grin on her face, her hands holding Mom and Cali to her nipples. Her asshole rippled around my dick a few more times. She looked so thrilled sitting there. Just so happy that I had cum in her asshole.

Oh, Master, I love serving you, she moaned. Your cum feels soooooooo good in me. 

Mom popped her mouth off my sister's nipple and purred, Now, Kylie, what do you do for your Master after he enjoys your naughty asshole.

Kylie blinked. Um, what, Mommy? Tell me! I have to be a perfect maid for Master! 

Mom grinned. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kylie Hayward

The way Mom grinned as she casually straddled my big brother's head made me shiver with such naughty sensations. They washed through me. I licked my lips as she settled her pussy right on his mouth. She planted that hot cunt on his face, clearly smothering him in her blonde bush.

God, I love this pussy, groaned Master. My big brother's cock throbbed in my pussy. 

Mom groaned, her face twisted in delight. A big smile crossed her lips, too. Her large boobs jiggled before me as I squirmed on Master's cock. His dick throbbed in my asshole. That felt so naughty. I loved having my big brother in me. I just savored it so much. I worked back and forth as I wanted to know how to please him

Mommy, how do I pleasure him? I whimpered.

First, she purred, her voice so throaty with the pleasure of Lance licking her. Oh, Master, yes! Yes! You're loving Mommy's pussy!

So yummy, growled Lance.

Our Master was such a hunk. I was so glad that I served him now. I was such an idiot for rebelling against him. I was a fool. But I was glad that I had realized just how sexy and hunky my big brother was the way Mommy had. 

Mmm, now, Kylie, you first have to slide off his cock, mommy said.

Right, right, I said and squeezed my asshole around my big brother's cock. I shuddered as I slid up and up him until I popped off him. Ooh, that's wonderful. Just amazing!

Yep, growled my big brother into Mommy's hot pussy.

His cum dripped out of my asshole as Mommy licked her lips, grinding her twat on our Master's mouth. It was so hot that Master devoured our mother's cunt. That was the hole that had birthed us. She leaned forward, her big boobs swaying. 

Now you need to lick his dick clean with your tongue, purred Mommy. That's what a good maid does. Lick your big brother's dick clean of that dirty, dirty ass.

A naughty shiver ran through me. My asshole clenched. Cum trickled out of my bowels and dribbled down my taint. A hot shiver raced through me. That was such a naughty thing to hear. I loved it. I loved it so much. My heart pounded in my chest.

It just beat with this wild rhythm at what she suggested. I quivered there then grasped my brother's cock by the base. He throbbed and twitched as he feasted on Mommy's cunt. Cali watched on with those mysterious, purple eyes of hers.

I leaned my head down, my black pigtails swaying back and forth. They draped over his groin around his cock. I breathed in and smelled the sour musk of my asshole on him. I shuddered, my mouth salivating with the need to devour him. To just lick and lap at him with everything that I had. It was such a powerful impulse. 

I was so close to him.

I salivated for this dirty thrill.

Mmm, just lick up his cock, purred Mommy. Just slide your tongue up his cock. You're going to love it. Just love it so much.

Yes, Mommy, I moaned and licked our Master's dick.

The earthy flavor of my bowels saturated the taste buds on my tongue. I groaned at the dirty flavor as I licked up his twitching shaft. I quivered there, more of his cum leaking out of my asshole and trickling down my butt-crack to my taint. I flicked my tongue up to the pinnacle of his dick.

He groaned into Mom's pussy as my tongue slid over the crown of his cock. I loved the mix of his salty precum with the earthy flavor of my asshole. The two flavors combined to make something just absolutely naughty in my mouth.

A delicious mix of my sour bowels and his delicious cum.

Ooh, that's yummy, Mommy, I moaned.

I know, purred Mom, her big boobs swaying as she smiled down at me.

It's a maid's honor to clean her Master's cock like you are, cooed Cali. You are fortunate to be one of your brother's chosen maids.

I am, I cooed as I ducked my head down to lick at the base of his cock.

I cleaned up a slightly different strip of his cock, buffing off that salty cum. It was such a treat to enjoy. I loved this wonderful flavor. It was an incredible treat to feel as I climbed higher and higher up him, loving how he groaned into Mom's pussy.

He loved what I was doing to him. That made my naughty cunt clench with wicked delight. I was serving my big brother. I quickly ducked my head down to lick up his dick again, buffing off that dirty flavor. It was such a thrill to do this.

I could do this all day. Just lick up his cock and cleaning him of my naughty asshole. Each time I lapped up him, my asshole remembered working up and down his thick shaft. Riding him. Pleasuring him with my naughty hole.

Now I was pleasuring him with my wicked tongue. I licked and lapped at him with all this hunger. All this passion. It was such a wild thrill to drag my tongue up his cock and savor that hot passion. It was an amazing delight to enjoy.
 
A wondrous treat for me to revel in. I was having such a hot time doing this. Licking up his cock again and again was so naughty. My pussy grew hotter and hotter as the dirty flavor of my asshole dwindled as I cleaned him up.

Oh, you're doing so good, Kylie, Mom groaned, her big boobs swaying as she ground her cunt on my brother's mouth. She wiggled back and forth. Yes, yes, just keep doing that. Mmm, and when you're ready, swallow his cock and nurse on him.

Yes, Mommy! I moaned, so eager to suckle on my Master's dick.

He owned me.

The sour flavor lingered in my mouth as I kissed the tip of his cock. I gripped his thick shaft in my hand, loving how it throbbed as I held him. My tongue swirled around the crown, stroking the spongy material. He groaned into Mom's pussy.

Fuck, Kylie, he growled.

I loved that sound.

My lips slid over the crown of his cock. I slid down him and reveled in this moment. It was so wild to have his cock in my mouth. I groaned around him, my eyes closing as I savored sucking on his dick for the first time. My cheeks hollowed with the force of my passion.

He groaned into Mom's pussy, making her moan in delight. He devoured her yummy cunt as I suckled on him. He was a wonderful treat. The salty flavor of his precum spilled over my lips. It was a pure treat to have that flavor soaking my taste buds. 

Mmm, now bob your head and work your tongue around his cock, honey, Mommy purred, her voice throaty with delight.

I followed my mother's wonderful advice.

I worked my mouth up and down my brother's cock. My lips massaged him as I suckled with everything that I had. It was a true wonder to enjoy. A true treat to behold. I savored every second of devouring him. My tongue moved around his shaft, too. I stroked him. Caressed him.

Loved him.

The salty flavor of his precum soaked my taste buds. It was a delicious treat. My reward for pleasuring him. No, that would be his cum. I couldn't wait for his salty jizz to spurt into my mouth. It would be a thrilling treat to have his seed gushing out of him.

I suckled even harder now. I craved that so much. I worked my mouth up and down his cock, tongue dancing. My hips wiggled with my excitement. He groaned as he feasted on our mother's cunt. He devoured her with such passion. I watched his jaw moving and her boobs jiggling over me as she squirmed on him.

Oh, yes, Master, Mom moaned, her back arching. She shuddered there, gasping out with such obvious delight. Oh, yes, yes, you're such a loving son, Master! 

It was such a wicked sound to hear. I loved every second of sucking his cock as Mommy rode his mouth. She gasped, thrusting her arms up in the air, her boobs smacking together. Her plump tits rippled from the impact.

Oh, you're going to drown in Mommy's cunt cream, she kept moaning. Oh, your tongue is churning me up. Just driving me wild! Yes!

I want to drown in those juices, Mom, Lance groaned. Fuck!

Such beautiful words to hear.

Mom kept moaning and gasping as she rose towards her orgasm. I suckled on his cock with all my might. Cheeks hollowed with the force of my sucking. My pussy clenched. Juices trickled down my thighs, dripping from my bush. It was a wild thrill. I was so happy with this. Loving this so much. I savored every second of this moment.

It was beautiful. Fantastic. This was something that I was fortunate to participate in. I could just suckle on him until the end of time. 

His dick throbbed in my mouth as I nursed on him. I brought him closer and closer to cumming as Mom moaned louder and louder. More of his cum spilled down my taint to my bush, leaking out of my asshole. This was so wonderful.

Shit, Lance groaned.

Oh, my fucking god, Master, Mom moaned. Oh, my fucking god, that's just so hot. Oh, yes, yes, that's it. I'm going to cum.

Cum! he groaned. Just cum on my mouth! Drown me, Mommy-slut!

Master! 

Her head threw back and her blonde hair flew. Big boobs bounced as she shuddered through her orgasm. She drowned our Master with her incestuous pussy juices. He must be loving those juices. Just reveling in that flavor. 

His cock throbbed in my mouth. He growled. I could feel it building. The salty flavor of his precum grew in my mouth. Mom shuddered over him as I nursed with all my might on my Master's taboo cock.

He erupted.

All that wonderful cum flooded my mouth. I savored it direct from the source, loving every moment of the jizz splashing against the back of my throat. I groaned, my entire body quivering as more and more of his cum pumped into my mouth.

I loved it. As my brother groaned, I swallowed hot gulp after hot gulp of cum, loving how it ran down my throat. Mom gasped out her delight, my big brother moaning into her pussy as he unloaded all his salty spunk.

Shit, Kylie, growled my Master. I love you!

My pussy melted with joy as I gulped down more of his cum. I swallowed every drop of that jizz that erupted from his cock. I nursed out every bit of his jizz that I could. I was so happy to do that. Just so thrilled.

I quivered there in pure delight as I nursed out every drop of cum that I could. My eyes closed as I savored this wonderful moment. I was my brother's maid. How could I not be so happy right now? He trusted me with the defense of the world.

Me!

I was the luckiest little sister in the world.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lance Hayward

I woke up the next morning with my arm around Kylie. She was spooned against me, her body slender and petite. She just fit so perfectly in my arms. I nuzzled into her neck for a moment. I breathed in how sweet my little sister smelled.

I wanted to just fuck her, but I had work to do. I glanced at the alarm clock and noticed the time. I had to get up and get ready. I realized that Cali and Mom were both missing. Mom always woke up early and Cali...

Did she even sleep?

I noticed on the back of Kylie's door was a sexy maid's uniform like the one that Cali wore. I shifted, my cock hard with my morning wood and rubbing into Kylie's soft butt-cheeks. She whimpered as I rolled from her.

Morning, sleepyhead, I gasped at her as she stirred. Good morning, Kylie. Time to serve your big brother.

Her eyes snapped open. Yes, Master Big Brother! My Virgin Maid quivered. How can I serve you? Blowjob? Anal? Just want to pump your cum in my pussy.

I need you to get dressed. We have to get ready for school.

Oh, right, she gasped. Um, what would you like... She spotted the uniform hanging up. Is that for me? That is! That is for me! My own maid's uniform! Yay!

She rolled out of bed and darted towards it, her pigtails flying behind her. She bounced up and down as she stared at her maid's uniform. Then she plucked it off the door and removed it from the hanger. I smiled as she dressed.

She pulled it on with such glee. I couldn't help but smile at how she wiggled into the tight-fitting maid's uniform. It was low-cut like the one Cali had on, but clearly intended for a petite cutie like my sister to wear. She worked it down her body with such ease. It hugged her torso and the lace decorating the black bodice emphasize her small breasts. The skirt poofed out and fell short to show off her great legs, the pink garter just peeking out.

She then drew on the white, thigh-high stockings that went with it, rolling each one up her legs. She bent over as she worked, aiming her cute tush and black-furred muff right at me. Such a little tease. Fourteen, and she knew how to work that body.

I loved it.

Last, she slipped on her black heels. She spun around and grinned at me with such pure joy in her blue eyes. I had never seen her happier. She looked so thrilled to be my maid. She then curtsied to me, raising her skirts and bending her legs.

Master Big Brother, I am ready to serve, she cooed.

My dick lurched. I so wanted her to serve. That would be just wonderful. Just the treat that a big brother like me needed. I was so happy to have her be one of my maids. And I had a few more to claim. I knew two already, but that third one...

I had some ideas, but she had to be just right.

You can serve me by making sure there's some breakfast to eat, then me and you have to get to school.

Of course, Master, she purred. But we're going to be late as it is. It's an hour's drive into town.

Go, I said, shaking my head. You horny, little maid.

Giggling, she spun around and flounced out of the room with a cute giggle and a flash of her skirts swirling. I grinned, loving what she did. It was a fantastic treat to see her scurrying off. I wanted to beat off so fast, but...

School. Maid recruitment. Saving the world from the dark, eldritch evils that lurked in the paintings and macabre statues of this manor house. 

The responsibility of being Master of Hayward Manor pressed on my shoulders in that instant. The maids were such sweet rewards for this pressure that pushed down on me. I rolled off her bed, my hard cock bobbing before me as I hurried out of her room and into the hallway. Hers was right next to mine.

I found my luggage had all been unpacked. I grabbed boxers, socks, and jeans from the dresser and found my shirts hanging up in the closet. I dressed and rushed out of the bedroom and down the hallway, passing the five bedrooms for my five special maids. I opened the door to the living room/kitchen area of the master suite and found my mother in her own maid's uniform.

She had her back to me, wearing the short skirt and white stockings with heels. My cock throbbed with this incestuous ache to just slip up behind her and ram my cock into the very pussy that birthed me. 

To fully claim my birthright.

Recruitment, I told myself. 

Mom turned around and smiled at me, her blue eyes just dazzling. She worked her spatula on the skillet, frying something that smelled delicious. Eggs and bacon, or so I thought. Just a few more minutes for breakfast, Master. Kylie mentioned you want to go to school.

Yeah, I said.

I know just who you want to see, she added.

My cheeks warmed. Then my phone beeped. I pulled it out and saw  Bella, my best friend. You coming to school? Or are you a rich and lordly rich guy who can't deem to rub elbows with us plebes?

I smirked. Rich and lordly rich guy? I sent. Tried to be clever and you still choked in a text. You can edit it before hitting send.

I meant it, she said with a winky emoji. So, oh Lord of Hayward Manor, will you grace our lowly peasant school with your august and regally august presence.

I snorted. I'll be there. I need to talk to you. It's important.

Never say that in a text. Now I'll be stressing! She sent a frowny face and a nauseated face. 

Sorry. I felt that nervousness, too. The acid churned in my stomach for a moment. It was... unsettling. Just a tad. I'll be seeing you as soon as I can.

Fine. Rich McLordy Rich.

I sent her a laughing emoji with tears streaming from my eyes. 

I put my phone away to find my mother smirking at me as she carried plates to the table. Kylie was already sitting there texting on her own phone. Was she telling all her friends she was now my maid? How would they take that?

Probably accept it. There was a magic around this place. Only someone with Hayward blood could resist it. Kylie did, but Mom had only married into the family and she had been under this place's spell the moment she walked in. And from her talk of my uncle attending her wedding with his maids, she didn't find it weird, though it had offended Dad.

I glanced up at the heavens. I hope you're cool with me, er, doing Mom, Dad. I promise to take good care of her. 

I sat down. Mom placed my plate before me, bending over to give me a remarkable peek down her cleavage. There you are, Master. Enjoy.

Thanks, Mom, I said, my stomach rumbling.

Kylie thanked Mom, too. Then the three of us attacked our food. I found it helped to calm those nerves in my stomach. This would work out. Hopefully. It really all was up to Bella. I took in deep breaths after I finished eating.

Cali strode in as I was standing up. My purple-eyed maid smiled at me as she sauntered over, her skirt rustling and big boobs threatening to pop out of their holsters and be exposed for all the grateful world to see.

Master Lance, she cooked, the Gizzamuluke is back where he belongs. For now.

My blood chilled. I'm heading to town to recruit some maids.

Of course, Master, purred Cali. But your mother and I must clean the house to keep any more... nightly adventures to a minimum. If that is okay, Master? Kylie can be spared to accompany you.

Can I drive? squealed Kylie.

No! Mom and I said together. 

She pouted. She didn't even have her learner's permit.

You'll be needing this, Master, Cali said and picked up the cedar box that held the three other garters. She had produced it from... Where? 

Uh, thanks, I said and took it from her. I swallowed then said, Well, uh, Let's get going, Kylie. You're with me today.

Her eyes lit up. Serving Master at school. What a treat. What an absolute treat. I'm just so lucky.

She skipped ahead of me from the table, her skirts flaring. It was so adorable. I followed after her, my cock so hard. I just wanted to rub one out. But I had to be in control. She headed down through the living room, rounded the corner, and passed through the antechamber to the warded door.

The symbol didn't glow purple. I supposed that meant with the sun up, things were safe.

We headed out. I glanced at the paintings. At the strange things slithering through bucolic scenery. Misshapen beasts and shadowy entities. The Imprisoned that I had to keep jailed. I wasn't sure how to do that. I passed the painting with the Gizzamuluke. I could feel it in there. Its hatred awake and fresh.

My guts throbbed with the pain of its claws.

I didn't show fear. This was my manor. I ruled it. I was in charge here. I wasn't going to let these monsters make me afraid in my own house. I would march along as the master of this mansion, back straight. Eyes hard.

We reached the stairs and headed down them. I noticed a statue of a beautiful and naked woman near the base of the stairs. She had a cruel look on her face and now eyes, just black pits that made her feel empty and hungry at all times.

Creepy, said Kylie. But we'll keep her imprisoned, Master.

Yeah, I said as Kylie flung open the front doors. Our car was parked there and running. Cali's work? She must have known what I wanted. How could she have known that, though?

Magic.

I was glad she was bound to me.

Kylie and I headed to the car. She tried to hurry around and open the door for me, but I was already climbing inside. She huffed and flounced back around the car to her side. She slipped in and shook her head.

I'm supposed to do that for you, Master, she complained. You're taking all the fun out of it.

I'll let you suck my cock clean the next time I fuck a maid in the ass.

She lit up. Promise?

Promise, I told her, winking at her. 

She wiggled in her seat and felt so good about herself. She looked so proud. A cat that had caught the canary which made me smile. I liked seeing her feeling good about things. I hummed in delight as we headed off to our school.

I drove fast through the country roads as we headed to our school, but I had to slow down when we reached a more densely populated area of the town we lived in. Well, suburb. Soon, I was driving through the streets and reaching our high school.

Classes were just about to start as I found a place to park. Kylie burst out of the car, but I was already stepping out as she rounded it. She shook her head, her pigtails dancing. I grinned at her and cupped her face. 

So cute, I told her and kissed her.

She melted to me. It was hot doing this in public. Her naughty tongue thrust into my mouth and flitted around for a moment. The taboo thrill of our forbidden kiss swept through me. I quivered in delight as she broke it, beaming at me.

Well, shall we? she asked.

We threaded our way through the parked cars. I spotted Bella Miles waiting patiently outside. The last few girls were heading in. Carla, one of the cheerleaders, a brunette cutie named Felicity, and a Hispanic hottie named Gloria. Bella pushed off the wall when she saw me.

She wore jeans and a baby doll t-shirt with a girly Voltron on the front. Lion Power Meets Girl Power! glittered along the image forming a circle. A slender girl with curly, brown hair that tumbled down to her shoulders. She licked her plump lips while her round breasts filled out her top in such a delectable way.

So, what did you... She trailed off as she glanced at my little sister. Oh, my god, Kylie!

Right? Kylie said. Isn't it awesome?

You're Lance's maid? Bella asked, stunned. I'm mean, wow. I never thought you would serve him. You never seem to take your brother seriously.

He's Master Lance now, said Kylie. It's very serious. I even get to suck his dick clean the next maid he fucks in the ass.

I winced at that, expecting Bella to blanch.

Good for you, Bella said, completely accepting the situation. Isn't that what a maid's supposed to do? Suck her Master's dick clean of a girl's ass. I bet Lance loves that. I've seen his search history before.

You have? I asked, heat flooding my face.

She blinked at me. 

Well, uh, I need to talk to you about, um, my family's traditions, I said. Kylie, if you could make sure we can have some privacy.

Yes, Master! Kylie said and winked at me, this naughty grin on her face.

Sure, sure, said Bella as I took her arm and led her from the door, the cedar box in hand. 

My nervousness swelled through me. I squirmed here, my heart beating so fast. My mouth had gone suddenly dry. This was it. This was the moment. Shit, I felt so scared. Did guys feel like this when they asked a girl to marry them?

I pulled her into a little alcove off to the side of the main entrance. A bit of privacy outside. Kylie took up a guard position at the entrance as I led Bella all the way to the back of it. My hands were so sweaty and my stomach churned with this nauseated roil.

What's up? Bella asked, her cheeks pale. 

I swallowed and thought, Here goes nothing...

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Maria Hayward

We have to clean the portraits, said Cali as she led me to one of the cleaning closets hidden throughout the manor. It looked like the maid service room at a hotel. Stocked full of cleaning materials with carts to push them around. I know this might seem weird, but that's how we keep them contained.

Okay, I said as she grabbed a cart loaded with various cleaners. 

It's a lot of work, continued Cali, and I can't do it all on my own. It's always a problem during a transition before we have enough maids to keep this place fully cleaned with ease.

What happened to the other maids? I asked. When my brother-in-law died.

They moved on, she said. I'm the only maid that is inherited. The others are bound to their Master.

Oh, those poor things having to find something else to do with their lives, I said, shaking my head.

Cali just smiled. Now, we have to be careful with the paintings. We're just wiping them down. We don't want to run through the varnish and ruin the oil paints. So we use a light cleaner on them. We'll want to polish all the metals and use bleach on the statues.

I nodded as we headed to do the work.

It was creepy seeing all these different paintings and statues. Real creepy, but that was life, right? I shuddered at some of the things I'd seen. One on the first floor was of a banquet with a shadow thing on the ceiling with tendrils spreading across the room and starting to reach down to the oblivious guests.

I sprayed it with the cleaner and wiped it with my rag.

I didn't want that getting out. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Bella Miles

Lance was acting so weird. He looked so nervous. He ran a hand through his brown hair while his sister stood watch at the entrance of the alcove the way a good maid should. She was acting normal, but Lance was being super weird.

So, uh, you don't find Kylie being a maid strange? Lance asked.

I blinked as this lethargy washed over my mind. It was so hard to... worry about Kylie. It was easier to just accept it. Because it made sense. Right? Why would I? She's your maid.

Yes, just easier to accept it.

Okay, said Lance. Um, I was wondering... what do you think about me?

You're my best friend, I said, my heart beating so fast. It pounded in my chest. This wild rhythm hammered away. I was scared of this. Frightened. This abyss opened between us. I felt like if I jumped, I might not make it across and lose him.

We were risking our friendship now.

And those words I said made his face sink. They were the wrong words. A flutter of panic swept through me, the crack widening to a canyon. Fear squeezed about my drumming heart now. I struggled to breathe.

That's... it? he asked slowly. He stared at me, his eyes full of emotions that I couldn't quite recognize. 

This was turning out bad. Oh, so bad.

My cheeks warmed as I said, Well... I mean... I had to jump. I had to gamble. I mean, do you want to be more?

He nodded. Yeah, I think I do.

I squirmed there, my heart beating so fast. This was so hard. Why did it have to be hard. I've always wanted more, Lance, but what if it ruins our friendship?

Suddenly, a confidence filled him. He stared at me with this grin that split his lips. A big one. Brimming with such force. I couldn't believe how strong it was. He suddenly shifted his grip on the cedar box he held. 

I can guarantee it won't, he said with such masculine certainty.

My breath caught. I stood facing him, my entire body trembling now. This was so insane, but I believed him. How?

Do you trust me? His blue eyes met mine. They held me.

Yes, I breathed, my heart pattering so fast. My entire body trembled with excitement. This heat flushed through me. I had loved him since we were children. I was so excited about this. It was an amazing rush to stand here. Yes, I do.

He opened the box so I couldn't see in it. Then he pulled out a yellow grater. It was soft, the color of dandelions. Of yellow roses. The color of friendship. My breath caught as I stared at it. I wanted that on me. I needed that on me.

Will you be my maid, whispered Lance as he knelt before me like a man before his love. He held that ring to me.

Yes, I breathed and suddenly my clothes felt wrong. They had to go.

I peeled off my Voltron t-shirt and tossed it to the side, exposing a white bra containing my round breasts. I reached behind me and unhooked the clasp. I shrugged my bra off my shoulders, unveiling myself to a man for the first time.

To Lance.

My Master Husband.

He groaned at the sight of my breasts. They were round and firm. They quivered as I slid my hands down to my jeans, my fingers sliding hot over my sides to my belly. I reached my jeans as my feet busied themselves. I used the toe of one foot to push on the heel of the other's shoe. I slipped off my tennis shoes in moment.

I popped the fastener off my jeans. The snap echoed through the alcove.

The zipper rasped down. My heart pounded as I stared down at my kneeling Master. He was ready to slide that yellow ring up my leg and make it official. I loved him so much, and now I was his. Utterly and completely his.

I worked off my jeans, my round boobs jiggling and bobbing as I did that. He stared at them with this hunger in his eyes. He licked his lips, just so greedy for my tits. I loved the eagerness in his eyes. He wanted me so badly. That was the sexiest thing in the world. 

I stepped out of my jeans then bent down and worked off my socks, my brown hair falling in curls around my burning cheeks. I stared into his blue eyes. They burned with such love for me. I smiled at him, tears stinging my eyes.

I had never been so happy.

I shoved off my panties and exposed my brown bush. My curls dripped with pussy cream. This was so exciting. He breathed in my sweet musk. I could smell how wet I was. I was dripping with my excitement. Just so eager for this moment.

I stepped out of my panties then held out my left leg for him. I shook, whimpering, Master Husband.

Husband, he breathed as he slid the garter over my foot. The feel of that silky cloth on my calf sent a tingle that raced up to my pussy. You're my Wife-Maid?

Yes, I moaned as he slid the garter over my knee and onto my thigh. Your companion and protector. The manager of your estates and your security. Your Wife and Bodyguard, Master. I always wanted to be your wife. 

Tears spilled down my cheeks as the garter settled in place on my upper thigh.

And now I am, Master! I cried for joy.

My Master Husband rose, took me in his arms, and kissed me. 

To be continued...
