TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

   Copyright (C) FEBURARY 2015 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

   This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for profit.  This
story may be freely distributed for personal use with this notice attached.

   All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely Fictional.
There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World
Situations Or Persons.

   Story Content: (Cuckold,M+/F, Mind Control (MC), MM, Inter, Impreg,
FemDom, MDom)

   WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ THIS STORY IF
YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE
DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE
TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED,
SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR
WIVES' MALE LOVERS.

   TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE
Title: Memoirs of a Virgin Husband
Author: C.D.E.
CAST:

   Cecil - Husband Cora - Wife

   CHAPTER 1: INTRODUCTION

   My name is Cecil and my wife's name is Cora.  We've been married for 20
years, and for my twentieth anniversary, she permitted me to finally
consummate our marriage, that is, let me finally put my prick in her
luscious pussy after all these years.  So I guess you can say I've been a
virgin husband up until now.

   However, I feel as if I've been having an out of body experience in my
marriage all these years, as well as during a good part of my engagement
before that.  You see, I believe that my wife Cora J****** (her maiden
name) and the J****** family have mind control powers and have used them on
me and my family all these years.



   I say out of body experience, because while I'm doing what I'm being
told or ordered to do, it's like it's not me actually performing them, or
receiving the strange pleasures I experience.  It's more like me watching
someone else accomplishing the acts in question.



   Over the years, I've found it difficult getting others to believe me, so
I felt it was time I try developing a written record of the events in my
marriage as best I remember them.  Many times I get confused about what is,
and what use to be, before I met and eventually got married to Cora.  Or
maybe it's better to say, she married me.



   This is also a good time to reveal that I was the one that changed my
last name when we were married.  She wanted me to carry her family name. 
It was like I was the bride and not the bridegroom.  This is just another
instance of Cora overwhelming my will and convincing me it was a good thing
to do.

   Also, I must ask the reader to please forgive me for any confusion that
arises in my story telling.  For as I write my story, this mind control or
whatever it is, has caused me untold confusion over the years, as to what
thoughts are truly mine, and what thoughts have been planted in my head,
and made to seem to be mine.



   I've decided to write my story in 2 parts.  Look upon the first part as
a summary of my experiences from the time I met Cora to the present.  Part
2 will be a mishmash of events or situations where I try to capture details
and the full flavor of my feelings, emotions, and depth of the abject
experiences that I underwent at some particular moment in time.  Please
note, despite that I felt I was being degraded and severely humiliated, I
often couldn't help from feeling a strange and often intense pleasure from
my own degradation.



   It is a fact, I was a virgin when we married.  Mother insisted on that
and made sure by having me wear an electronic genital control device that
ensured I stayed chaste until my wedding day.  It's quite a device - small
and unobtrusive to normal body functions, except that it provides a mild
shocking jolt if I try to masturbate or tend to an erection in any manner
without mother's approval and supervision.  I've been wearing such a device
since before puberty.  Mother made sure to get a device upgrade each time
it was available over the years.

   I met Cora when I was 22 and I was still a prisoner to the device even
at that age.  Mother found it to be so successful that she made my dad wear
one too.  Mother's attitude is that a well behaved male is a controlled
male.  She has never been as articulate or said those exact words, but she
sure practices that philosophy.  So the reader can easily discern that I
grew up in a household with a very controlling mother and wife.



   I was only allowed to sexual relief under mother's strict supervision,
every 2 weeks or thereabouts.  That's when she would electronically unlock
the device on my genitals and permit me to beat myself off as she observed
me.  This was so embarrassing.  However, I later discovered that dad faired
only slightly better than I, as she only let him put it in every 2 weeks,
or so also, and many times when she was not in the mood, he also had to
jack off, and always under her watchful eyes.



   At 22 I was out of college and working in a financial management
company. I wanted desperately to leave home, and my home town of
Phantomville.  However, mother was intent on that not happening under her
watch.



   When I met Cora, or maybe I should say, when Cora met me, I thought for
sure, I would finally get out from being under mother's tight fisted
control and finally be free of that darn loin inhibiting device and finally
be able to manage my own life.



   Little did I know that Cora's interest in me was ignited because I had
been so molded into being a well behaved and mannerly "gentle-male" -
mother's word.  Mother also said I wouldn't be a man until she told me I
was.  This irked me, but there was nothing I could say.



   Cora came into my life like a blur, for very shortly after meeting her
by accident in a deli one morn, where we both were buying bagels.

   She was taller and exhibited more of a physical stature than me.  I
guess one could say she was big boned, rather than being muscular or fat.
She however, had a very beautiful face.  That along with her dark hair,
very shapely figure and sparkling Hazel colored eyes, made her quite lovely
to behold.

   She started a conversation, and for the life of me, the next thing I
know is that we had our first date the next day.  That date was followed by
2 more before I found myself hopelessly in love and devoted to her desires.

   The real strange part of our budding relationship was that she seemed to
always know what I was thinking about.  I felt uneasy around her, not only
because I never had a real girlfriend in high school, i.e., due to mother's
meddling and constant control of my life, but because of Cora's beauty, and
searching, but intense hypnotic eyes.  I sincerely felt like she was giving
me a mind scan.  It was because of this feeling that I mentioned to her
that I felt she had some type of mind control effect over me.  She broke
out laughing, and told me I was being silly, but never refuted my
assertion.

   The day after our third date, Cora had insisted upon meeting my parents,
who I had yet to tell any real details about Cora.  You see, mother is a
real busy body that still tries to control me, even though, I'm 22.  I'm
constantly trying to assert my independence from her, but I still can't
seem to break away.  I believe she means well, despite her iron grip on
managing me and dad and our household.



   Dad and I both know that it's useless arguing with mother when she sets
her mind on wanting us to do something.  Dad has essentially conceded she's
pussy whipped him, and while I have not, I have yet to disobey her in
anyway.  She too seems to have this strong mental hold over me that deter
my being independent and breaking away from her domain.



   Well, after meeting Cora, both mother and dad were really impressed with
her, especially mother.  And even more so when, to my complete and utter
surprise, when Cora revealed that "I will be requiring Cecil to be faithful
to me, even though I will be having intimate dates and sexual relationships
with other men in my life."



   Her words almost caused me to fall out of my chair, but for some reason,
mother and dad, who seemed entrances upon Cora, almost had no reaction, but
accepted her pronouncement as if it was just the most normal thing for us.



   One thing that really appealed to mother was that Cora stressed very
emphatically, was that she would insist upon me retaining my virginity
until such time she and I were wed.  While I gasped in shock that the "W"
word was even brought up, everyone else, including Cora, thought it was a
forgone conclusion that I was promised and committed to her.



   A further shock to me was Cora revealing that I was already licking and
sucking her pretty pussy after her dates.  I turned beet red and wanted to
be swallowed up by the floor.



   To my utter surprise, mother was very contented, and even pleased that I
was performing oral sex on Cora.  It seemed that she was more concerned
about me retaining my virginity and praised Cora for her ingenuity getting
other men to satisfy her lusty desires, while at the same time sharing her
joy with me in such a delightful manner.



   I found it hard to believe that those words came from my mother's mouth.



   And the more Cora went on about her very active sexual life and why it
was necessary for things to be this way with us, before I knew it, I found
myself accepting her rationale as to why it was not only necessary that I
be a devoted second fiddle in our budding, but young relationship.  Again,
I suspected it was Cora and her mind control powers.



   While I was awed that such a beautiful creature desired to have me as
her husband, events had unfolded and evolved so quickly, and in such an
unusual manner, I was overwhelmed by it all.  I guess the anxiousness and
uncertainty that I harbored was because it seemed that I had no control of
events affecting me.



   "Oh Cecil, you just don't know how long I've longed and searched for
such a sweet boy like you.  And then to find you're a mama's boy that has
been raised as a certified virgin so you could marry that way is so
incredible.  I can't but help falling in love with you.  I must have you as
my husband."



   After that first meeting with my folks, our household and my family, has
never been the same.



   The very next day, Cora had her dad come by to meet with me and mother
and dad.



   Mr.  J****** was a tall and imperious figure.  For some reason, he
immediately intimidated me and dad by his very presence, while it was
immediately obvious that mother was bowled over by his charm and handsome
muscular appearance.



   It was really at this meeting that Cora's dad took over more control of
my family and me.  For it was his directive that I move into his house
immediately for training by his wife, -Cora's mom- to be tutored to be the
type of good husband his daughter would need in a future spouse.



   It was the strangest thing, mom and dad, as well as I took this news as
if it was the most natural of things to occur.  Yet something in me, had a
twinge of concern and puzzlement, but yet the other 99% of me, seemed to
think this was not only natural, but an honor.



   Cora's dad also drove home the point that Cora had previously announced
to mom and dad.



   "As he has already knows, Cecil will have to accept that he'll be my
daughter's pussy sucker after she's fucked by her other real men." He
stated in an authoritative tone.



   Cora then interjected.



   "I've told him the same thing daddy.  I've boasted to his mom how well
he's performed for a relative beginner.  It's obvious he's comfortable
tasting and consuming my men's spend, for he eagerly laps and sucks me out
now each time I asked him to suck my used cunt clean of their heavy
leavings."



   Again, I was too mentally flustered to say a word.  I could only sit and
smile nervously with an extreme flushed red face.



   My mind was recalling what had happened just a day ago when Cora
returned from a date and came before me holding up the hem of her very
short, and revealing, mini dress.  She had no panties on.  Her swollen
pussy lips were not only gapping and messy and nasty looking, but still
oozing a very thick unctuous goo, which I knew had to be remnants of the
fuck deposits deeply ejaculated in her.



   On the inside of both her shapely alabaster thighs, there were dried
drip trails where the fuck muck ooze drain from her apparently overflowing
well fucked fuzzy cunt.



   But alas, despite what a normal man would see as a revolting nauseating
image, I couldn't help becoming aroused and lapping and slurping the
interior of each leg, from her ankles to her hairy crotch, before settling
in and nosily using my mouth to vacuum suction her soft hot, pussy flesh
and stretched fuck hole.



   Whatever powers Cora used on me, I now found myself unable to refuse the
delicious, scrumptious taste of her when she was all used and reeking of
some man's, or I should say, men's horny dicks.  For as when I'm consuming
the fuck glop from her, she loves to brag about the guy or guys who deep
drilled her with their horny hard meaty tools.  That was the case last
evening.  She gloated over how good it was to have been fucked bareback by
4 "real men".







   CHAPTER 2: A WONDERFUL OFFER TOO GOOD TO REFUSE

   "Oh son, your mother I and couldn't refuse such a wonderful offer by
Cora's dad.  Signing our house and all our money and assets over to him in
exchange for him becoming our life manger, and us having the opportunity to
be in total servitude to him.  I-It w-was just too good an offer not to
take advantage of." My dad said excitedly.

   "Yes Cecil, it is especially delightful for me to finally be under the
control of a real man.  His being so imperious and commanding as well as
seducing me right in your father's presence and making me his whore, was
such a fantastic experience.  I just knew I couldn't be satisfied going
back to my old life.  I gladly committed to becoming his submissive slut
and would gladly whore for his profit.  And I'm so excited that Mr. 
Jackson got your dad to fully accept what a wimp he is and that he also
needed to be under the complete authority of a real man.  Right, honey?"
Mother said looking at dad lovingly.

   "Yes dear, you're so right.  Yes Cecil, as he and I talked the first
time he came over, he made me feel so comfortable admitting how inferior I
was as a man and that I was better suited to be in the role of what I truly
am, a pussy whipped wimp and pantywaist husband.  A-And son, when he had me
suck his fuck slime coated massive penis clean, t-that is after he finished
fucking your mother, I-I couldn't believe how contented I felt doing that
for him.  And when he next directed me to suck his heavy ejaculate load
from her overflowing gapping pussy, it felt so good to do that for him." My
dad said with a very pleasant and broad smile on his face.

   And between the two of them, I learned of other "wonderful" things that
Cora's dad had done for them while I was resident at Cora's folk's place
for the last few weeks.  That is, under Cora's parent's training regime in
helping me to be the type of husband their daughter needed.

   Even though a significant part of my training involved performing
household domestic chores, there was a lot of time devoted to my
understanding the joys of submission, masochism, and the happiness that
results from someone like me, being subjugated.  I had a lot more practice
in cock sucking too.  I was also elucidated about my latent desires to suck
cocks and being a "fuckable" sissy bitch to horny men.  These latter skills
were deemed necessary so that I could be a working participant in the
family's brothel business.  Cora's family wanted to be sure that I could
properly provide for my future bride and future family.  Cora's family felt
strongly that it was very acceptable for me to become a sissy cock whore
for my wife's profit.

   Little did I know that my mom and dad had undergone very similar
training, and were already being pimped out by Cora's dad.

   Dad had also been broken into being a skilled cock sucker and having
full passive intercourse with countless horny men.  Needless to say, he's
still a full fledge sissy cock whore too, and still whoring for Mr.  J*****
total profits.  Cora's dad even collects any tips dad or mom get in
addition to their basic whore's earnings.

   Another more sinister aspect of mine and dad's training was the
indoctrination that it was arousing and deeply pleasurable to watch well
hung men, fucking the women we loved, that is, mother and Cora,
respectively.  The sad thing is that the brainwashing was very successful,
because not only did Dad and I get stiff pricks from observing fucking our
women, but an even greater pleasure mouth cleaning up the slimy remnants of
the sexual liaisons, to the point of often having uncontrolled ejaculations
while doing so.

   CHAPTER 3: ON BECOMING A FAG COCK WHORE

   "Cecil, I think it's delightful that Cora's dad has plans to make you a
sissy fag cock whore.  He's so right, you'll be in a position to be a
better provider and to give Cora the lifestyle that she is deserving of. 
Plus, I just know it'll mean so much to her to know that you love her so
much that you'd willingly become a fag whore for her profit.  Just knowing
how you're letting yourself become a lowly street cocksucker and giving of
yourself to make her happy, can only strengthen her love for you."

   "Y-Yes mother, s-she was e-elated t-to hear it too.  B-But... w-well
y-you know I-I've grown f-fond of s-sucking all those dicks t-that her dad
had me going down on o-over the past few weeks.  B-But s-sucking a-a lot of
strange c-cocks f-for money....  T-There j-just seems to b-be something
w-wrong about t-the w-whole..."

   "Sweetie, what can be wrong with demonstrating your love to the one you
love and being a good provider at the same time?  Don't worry, this is
Phantomville, cuckold husbands do such wonderful things to express their
devotion and love for their wives.  Plus, you'll get a whole lot more of
that hot tasty man cream you love to eat."

   Mother was correct about sissyhood and cuckold husbands being common in
Phantomville.  It was that I just never had plans to be in that lot. 
However, mother was right about my newly acquired taste for hot fresh jism,
even though there was something in the back of my mind telling me how
immoral whoredom is, but the thought of being fed large volumes of hot
semen, as well as tasting much more hard dick meat, was oh so appealing.

   In addition, the very thought of doing such nasty acts as being on my
knees and swallowing all those large slimy loads also seem to be more
exciting and arousing to me the more demands that were made of me to suck
hard throbbing dicks.  And later when Cora's dad forced me into having
passive intercourse with him and his horny buddies, just as with sucking
cocks, I grew to being fond of being a wanton sissy ass-cunt too.

   As I shared these thoughts with mother, she hugged me warmly and
tightly, all the while she assured me that I should not feel the least bit
of guilt or shame just because I'll be looked upon as a cock and cum
sucking sissy pervert, who willingly lets horny strange men fuck me in my
sissy ass hole pussy.

   I had to confess to mother that it has become a pleasure to so wantonly
desire the taste of used pussy, all fucked and filled by many, many hot
gooey wads of fresh ejaculate.  I could only smile as she repeated what I'd
mentioned to her not long ago how pleasing was the lingering aftertaste of
sucking dicks and swallowing countless hot slimy loads of semen.

   For some reason, mom and dad were too far under Cora's dad's control to
even relate to what I was telling them about the three of us possibly being
under mind control, despite that, we three had grown fond of being
subjugated sexual slaves and in abject servitude to Cora and her family.

   "Son how could you possibly think what we're doing is degrading to us or
that we're under some kind of mind control.  It's so plain and obvious that
it's good for us to serve Mr.  J*****and you Cora.  And having my genitals
under his lock and key, and likewise yours under your wonderful fiance, is
really more of a badge of courage that you and I wear to let others know we
aren't afraid to show we aren't worthy of controlling our own sexual
relief, but that it's best managed by those superior to us.  And son, my
being allowed to masturbate for relief whenever Cora's dad, or in your
case, Cora, permits us, is something we should fully accept and be happy
that we are allowed to please ourselves at those moments, as well as bring
joy to them as they delight in seeing us beat our meat and eat up our jack
off juice."

   "Your dad is so right Cecil, stop such silly talk, the Mr.  J***** and
his family are wonderful masters, and we three should be honored to serve
them as they desire us to, and to eagerly let them use us they desire.  Now
c'mon, let's all hug and kiss and stop talk of such nonsense that we are
being taken advantage of, or being humiliated."

   It was the strangest thing, but as we three did a 3 way tongue in mouth
prolonged kiss, I also felt silly for thinking as I had, for there was a
strange and cozy contentment being a part of this slavish circle.

   "And Cecil, another thing, those strappings and whippings we all
occasionally get, while painful, and which leave us bruised and marked,
it's obvious Mr.  J****** as well as Cora and her mom, derive pleasure from
beating us, as well as well as correcting our behavior if we've displeased
them.  Also, they may also be just to show us what we'll get if we do
misbehave - you know, sort of preventive medicine.  But you and I and your
mother, know it's good for us to endure such treatment because they say
it's good for us.  And you know if it wasn't, they wouldn't say so."

   I could only look at my mom and dad and feel sorry for them not being as
perceptive to our plight as I was.



   CHAPTER 4: CORA'S OFFICE HUSBANDS AND MY STATUS AS HER "EIGHTH HUSBAND"

   "Cecil honey, as you can see, my boss and the 6 guys in my office do
have a valid point.  They have known me longer than you.  And even though,
you're going to be my legal husband in a few months, they have been there
for me, and me for them as... as well, sort of like their common law wife
for a long time.  Hence their rationale why it would be so natural for them
to impregnate me with their children as their wedding gift to us.  Plus
honey, it would make me so happy to have their babies for our family." My
fiance said to me in a very sincere tone and a matching expression on her
pretty face.

   "W-What!  C-Cora, I-I can't b-believe t-them even putting their lips
together to say such a thing or-or you e-even giving a-any serious thought
to their c-crazy idea.  O-Oh Cora.  I-I never thought I-I'd have a
relationship w-with a girl as beautiful a-and as smart a-and capable as you
are.  I-I've come to understand why I-I should a-accept your needing to
have sex outside o-our marriage a-and t-that it's appropriate f-for me to
be a-a cuckold a-and orally clean your cunt a-and even y-your stud's cock
a-after you t-two have intercourse, b-but t-the very t-thought o-of your
o-office husband inseminating you with 7 different babies o-over 14 to 16
years, w-while I-I have to wait u-until y-you deliver all their kids t-to
even have intercourse w-with you a-a-and to b-be c-content j-jerking off
all that time, is-is j-just u-unbelievable."

   "Cecil, darling, look me in the eyes and tell me you aren't being
selfish now are you?"

   "S-Selfish?  O-Of course not.  I-It's t-that t-this is s-so hard to
believe t-this is happening to me.  Y-You know I-I want you to be happy,
b-but..." it was then that my thoughts seemed to literally freeze as I
looked upon her beautiful face.  I don't know what happened, but in a
flash, I indeed felt awash with a deep sense of selfishness, the likes of
which I'd never felt before.  A moment later, I could scarcely believe my
own words, but I was not only saying them, but actually meaning every word.

   "I-I-I'm s-sorry Cora.  Y-Yes you're right, I-I guess I-I am being too
s-self-centered about this.  Y-You're right, y-your happiness is paramount,
a-and if it m-means t-that much to you, I-I should n-not be a s-stumbling
block." I heard myself utter those words.

   "Oh Cecil sweetie, I knew you'd see thorough your selfishness and do the
right thing and agree to me making you a first class cuckold, and a daddy
to other men's babies.  This will mean so much to me having you working
hard to provide and raise other men's children." Cora said to me as she
warmly hugged and kissed me on the forehead.

   We two then had a long talk about the definition of "Love".

   "So you see Cecil, with love being the expression and demonstration of
unselfish affection and devotion to the person you say you love, you should
feel so much better now knowing that I am allowing you the chance to show
me the highest level of unselfishness.  That is, by gladly doing something
no real man would agree to in order to please and make me happy."

   It was strange, but all she said to me was so clear and logical now. 
She went on to add, "Darling, the real men in my life, like my 7 work
husbands, could never give up their manly dignity and self-esteem for my
love, but I see in you, that you have the courage to do so."

   And for some reason hearing her say those words in such a noble tone,
really made me feel gallant about her plan for me to be a first class
cuckold and husband number 8.

   CHAPTER 5: AFTER MEETING CORA'S OFFICE HUSBANDS

   "Cecil, darling, I'm so proud of how well you carried yourself.  The
fellows are absolutely thrilled at you being my husband - well my eighth
husband." Spoke Vera gleefully as we were driving away from her office.

   "Y-Yes t-they all seem okay.  A-And just l-like your dad, t-they're all
h-heavy cummers too." I replied sheepishly.

   "Yes they are.  And it was so nice of you to suck their dicks when they
asked you to.  I really enjoyed watching you on your knees slurping and
slobbering on their manly dicks.  Sucking all their dicks and drinking down
their cum really showed that you respected them for being Alpha males.  And
they really admire you too sweetie, for being so obedient.  I'm so proud of
you for being so sweet about all this."

   As a result of my oral performance to completion on her work husbands'
large thick tools, Cora has me using my tongue and lips to clean their
languished cocks, and big hairy balls, of fuck gunk after they fuck her. 
It's terrible to admit it, but I do get a strange pleasure from mouth
cleansing their genitals, as well as Cora's cavernous cunt free of copious
slimy fuck residue after their vigorous sex sessions.  Again, I attribute
my adoration of submissive depravity to my being brainwashed by Cora.

   Needless to say, no matter how hard I try, I can't refuse doing Cora's
bidding.  Despite the stress and duress it places on me, she often has me
watch her and her work husbands, and other men too, have passionate
intercourse.  And when I say watch, on many occasions, it's right up under
their coupled sex organs with me being required to lick her studs' shaft
and flopping balls as they energetically fuck.  I've lost count of the
number of occasions I've been slapped silly in my face by her different
studs' large, loosely hanging nut sacs.

   The splatter of fuck fluids on my upturned face is another hazard of the
shameful position I was made to assume.  But, giving credit where credit is
due, Cora was right about it putting me in a good position to more
effectively clean up the fuck drippings when her studs first pull out of
her very juicy fuck slit.  And I have to add, much of the initial cunt
drainage was fresh, thick rich, and often lumpy, jism, which was not
heavily diluted by pussy juice.  This made for better tasting cunt drained
spend.  Never would I ever have dreamed I'd develop a craving for such
nasty fuck slime.

   As I thought about what I just wrote, I couldn't help chiding myself on
just how depraved I'd become to have been brainwashed such that I was now
so discerning about the taste quality of fuck glop from a well fucked cunt.

   As you can imagine, it's rather tough on me to watch so many men
enjoying her sex, which is denied to me for a lengthy waiting period of
years, while I have to suffer in silence as I long and dream of putting my
aching burning prick in her luscious wet arm juicy pussy slit.  But on the
bright side, she at least still lets me jack off every 2 or 3 weeks when
she's in the mood to monitor my masturbation efforts.  For some odd reason,
she adores seeing me spurt my pent up stuff into an air pussy and have it
splattered all over myself, as I moan and groan with ecstasy as I pump my
prick to prolong the orgasmic pleasure and get out the last dregs of jism.
Later in our relationship, she would require me to eat my own jacked off
cum.

   After working hours, there were times that I had to carry my wife to
rendezvous with her work husbands, if I didn't wait in the car, I had to
wait outside the bedroom door while they fucked her.  After their fuck
liaisons, with a snide smile and condescending tone, her work husband would
order me in to mouth clean their messy genitals of their slimy messy fuck
muck.  It was so embarrassing to have to kneel and lave and suckle each
man's large languished penis meat, but yet my much smaller prick would be
stretched to the breaking point and there was a warm delightful feeling
that invaded my senses that let me know that such abject humiliation and
degradation gave me quite an erotic high and filling of mental contentment.
Many times, when sucking up the abundant spend from my Cora's very messy
nasty looking oozing, reeking and well fucked cunt, the enjoyable feeling
would cause me to involuntarily come in my shorts.

   It was these involuntary ejaculations that often caused me to get
demerits from Cora, and her family too, which translated into lashes as
punishment for not being able to control and contain my lust to release my
cum just for her, that is, when she permits me to masturbate for her eyes
only.



   CHAPTER 6: THE WEDDING:

   I have to be honest, I was not ready for marriage when Cora and I got
hitched, but it happened whether I was ready or not, because Cora was
ready.

   In addition, my marriage to her was not only the end of what little
freedom I had as a bachelor under my mom's control, but also of my freedom
as a Phantomville citizen.  Let me explain.  Phantomville has a special
"Ownership" marriage license, which allows wives to marry and get
Government condoned ownership of their cuckold husbands, as if they were
chattel property.

   It's too agonizing to go into it here in this part of my memoirs, as to
how I was "literally" given away at the altar by mother, to Cora and her
family.  I'll include a more detailed discussion in Part 2 of my memoirs.

   In this chapter, I thought I should concentrate on the wedding attire
mother forcefully made me wear.

   "Cecil, my dear sissy son, I know you had your heart set on wearing a
white tux for your wedding, even if you didn't agree with me planning to
sissify it a bit - you, know trimming it in lavender scallop lace.  But
sweetie, we tired our best to agree on the right tux design for you, but
me, Cora, and Cora's mom, all came to the same conclusion.  That is, that a
wedding gown was so much more appropriate for to wear.  It will express and
signify your virginity and soft pantywaist nature so delightfully."

   My mother's words hit me like a sack of rocks in the face.  However, I
know I could do nothing but comply with her and Cora, and Cora's mom when
they insisted I go try on the very lacey and flouncy feminized male (
fem-male) wedding gown they had selected for me to wear at my wedding.  In
addition, the veil was so sheer and just as lacey, but was trimmed in
lavender lace.

   To add to my embarrassment, the word "Virgin" was stitched in many
places on the sheer, seemingly, ultra-white, waist length veil.

   Needless to say, I had no choice in the matter.

   I walked down the aisle, to the tune of the traditional wedding march,
wearing the fairy fem-male wedding gown that was picked out for me.  There
was much snickering and loud chuckles of laughter as my mother escorted me
down the aisle as if I was the new bride.  My face was crimson red from my
total and utter humiliation, but I had no control over my situation.  I was
simply doing as others, more superior to me, demanded of me.

   Cora, my bride-to-be, was already at the altar, dressed in a black and
white tux type outfit that was designed to accommodate her being 5 months
pregnant.  In addition, her pretty pussy bush was totally exposed.  I had
been told earlier, that the design was to signify that our marriage was
open for her, but closed for me, just as my genitals were also hers to
control.

   My best men were Cora's seven work husbands, which she refers to now as
my husbands-in-law.

   At the conclusion of the ceremony, the woman minister pronounced us
married as "Mistress Wife and Servant Husband".

   Another aspect of my wedding that I once considered too embarrassing to
even mention, had to do with the brilliant 5 carat wedding ring set that
Cora wore.  It was not the ring I selected, but rather one she and her
family picked.  To pay for the $25,000 set, I was required to perform over
a thousand blow jobs, in just 4 months prior to the wedding date.  My new
bride-to-be desired that of me so that she could announce at the wedding
that I loved her enough to give of myself in such a lowly, and highly
demeaning lascivious manner.  She really didn't have to add that I was a
certified Phantomville fag whore or that I always swallowed all the thick
slimy ejaculate spurted between my lips.  I blushed a deep red at her
revelation as I roasted and stewed with the additional utter humiliation
dumped on me at the wedding altar.

   The vows were even more damming, as I had to swear complete loyalty,
faithfulness, devotion and obedience to my Mistress Wife, while her only
vow was her enforcing her total subjugation of me.

   The jewelry I wore was the traditional white pearl necklace and other
pearl jewelry adornment typical of wedding attire for the bride.  Even
before the wedding, mother, and specifically after her brainwashing by
Cora's family, urged me to wear pearl necklaces and matching earrings and
bracelets often when turning tricks for the J****** family.

   Since white pearls are indicative of an expression of femininity, I
looked upon my wearing such jewelry, as my indoctrination into
fem-male-ism.

   Another more heinous brainwashing aspect was the drilling into dad and I
that wearing trashy feminine attire and jewelry enhanced our
self-confidence in performing sissy cock whore sex acts.  It did seem to
work, for both dad and I did feel greater self-assurance in being the fag
tramps we were to the men who used us lustfully for their sexual relief and
satiation.





   CHAPTER 7: OUR GROWING FAMILY

   I had made the fallacious assumption that the most number of gifts of
kids from my new bride's work husbands would amount to was 7.  Woe be unto
me for not considering what a fertile womb Cora had, or the virility of her
work husbands' seed.  As an example, just from her first 3 pregnancies, she
delivered 6 children.  The first delivery was a boy, the second was triplet
boys, and the third gave us a set of twin girls.

   So you see, I knew then that fate was against me.  From the remaining 4
pregnancies, can you believe that Cora had a total of 6 additional
children. Therefore after 16 years of marriage, I found myself having to
raise and provide for a dozen kids, not one of which was biologically mine.

   And to make matters worse, during the next 4 years after our sixteenth
wedding anniversary, Cora also delivered 3 additional babies from 3 old
boyfriends that her mom was really fond of.  More will be discussed about
this situation in Part 2 of my marriage memoirs.

   It was a bit unexpected on my part, but each time my wife's pregnant
tummy plumped up, and her milk laden tits inflated to gigantic proportions,
her appearance had some sort of erotic hypnotic effect.  I felt a strange
sense of pride knowing that another man had inseminated her and proven his
superior virility over me in a most indignant way.  Yet, all I could do was
passively accept my lowly subservient cuckold role.  Cora required me to
kiss her pregnant belly each and every morning.  Her stare of condescension
while wearing a snide grin, spoke volumes about my situation.  Even this
simple act of affection by me, and being met with her disdainful look,
aroused me tremendously, many times to the point of involuntary
ejaculation. This further drove home the point to me just how masochistic
I've become in finding pleasurable feelings from routine dismal humiliation
and degradation.

   Another instance of where my self-esteem was horrendously trampled over
by my wife, had to do with her concerns that her work husbands, as well as
her other real men, be sexually satisfied while she was unavailable during
her pregnancies.

   "C'mon Cecil darling, don't be that way.  Other horny guys fuck your
sissy pussy.  Why don't you want to let my work hubbies and men friends
have a piece of your ass when they need a fuck?"

   "C-Cora ... I-It's t-the principle of it a-all." I-I stammered nervously
in reply to my wife.

   "Look honey, you're a fag whore, so it really shouldn't matter.  Plus,
when I'm late in term with the babies, it would only be right that you be a
substitute for me when they need to get off.  After all, you are my husband
and we are in this together, remember?"

   After a few more minutes of this exchange between me and my wife to be,
I actually began to see Cora's point and concluded it was a losing battle
and that my concerns for principles and self-esteem, was a losing battle,
and really non-existent.  I caved in and agreed to let her work husbands,
my husbands-in-laws, and her other studs, fuck my face or ass, as they
preferred.  At least, if nothing else, my concession kept me in good graces
with my future bride and her various men

   EPILOGUE: PART 1

   So as the reader can discern from all the information I've presented in
Part 1, I am totally put upon in this marriage, and horrendously taken
advantage of, yet can't find the will to object or refuse the dismal
mistreatment continuously imposed on me.  All I can do, it seems, is accept
my station and delight in the wretchedness imposed on me.  I feel I am
enjoying what's happening to me, but I don't know of any reason why I am so
gleeful for my own degradation and humiliation.  Yet I hate to say it, I
have come to fully enjoy my plight, despite feeling recurring twinges of
severe humiliation and utter embarrassment over the 20 some years of my
relationship with Cora.

   As I promised, the foregoing is basically a summary of my engagement and
20 year marriage to the present.  Having to raise and care for 15 kids that
so many know were sired by the many men from my wife's numerous affairs and
illicit liaisons, is indeed stressful for me.  But as it is when you are
repeatedly subjected to so much loss of esteem and manly dignity, as I have
been, one becomes desensitized, and resigned to the dreary fate being
imposed.



   At any rate, I can't hold the kids responsible, so I'm a doting cuckold
daddy to all "our" children.



   Yet strangely, despite the countless acts of sexual degradation I've
been mentally persuaded to perform, or the countless horrendous acts of
humiliations I've had to endure and accept as if it was natural and normal,
throughout my marriage, I couldn't feel happier being the obedient,
subjugated, and enslaved husband I am to the woman, I can't help loving.

   ***END OF PART 1***
   
