


*****************************************************************

Title:       The Camera Eye, Part 2
Story Codes: MF, voy, cons 
Author:      Christian Alan
Summary:     A photography student searches for a female model 
             and finds more than he bargained for.  	

*****************************************************************


Two


Great sex has a way of changing your outlook on life. I barely
noticed the rain as I walked back to my door. Back inside, the
apartment was somehow different. Angela's photoshoot had
shattered the quiet solitude, and the place began to feel more
isolated than ever as the echoes slowly faded away. Her scent
still lingered faintly in the studio. I knew I would miss it when
it was gone.

The next day I developed the first roll of photographs. All of
them were good, and several were exactly what I'd wanted. I
couldn't take much credit for it though; it was Angela who had
made all the difference. She was on my mind almost constantly. I
debated calling her but I felt it was too soon. I decided to
wait.

Saturday night. It was late and I'd just fallen into bed after a
boring evening alone when I heard a quiet knock at my door.
Throwing on some clothes, I went and looked out through the
peephole. It was Angela. I quickly opened the door, trying to
hide my surprise.

"Hi Rick," she said slowly. She was wearing khaki slacks and a
black short-sleeved top. No glasses. She looked somewhat
disheveled. "Can I come in?" Her voice sounded odd, and I
realized that she was probably drunk. It figured that having a
woman show up on my doorstep while in a rational state of mind
was just too much to ask.

"Um, sure." I let her in and closed the door. As soon as it was
shut she grabbed me clumsily and kissed me. Her mouth definitely
tasted like she'd been drinking, though she'd had a mint or
something to help deal with it. I felt a twinge of conscience. I
broke the kiss and looked at her.

"What's up?" I asked, trying to stifle my libido.

"This," she replied, kissing me again. I pushed her away gently.
She blinked, looking a little bewildered and more than a little
turned on. "Don't you like me?"

"I do like you," I answered, feeling like a complete loser. But
this was all wrong. "You're just a bit drunk." My first time had
been like this, clumsy drunken fumbling at a party with a girl I
didn't even know. That wasn't what I'd wanted then, and it wasn't
what I wanted now.

Angela pulled away and stood there looking dejected. "I'm...I'm
sorry. It's just...my date turned out shitty and I didn't want to
go home. I thought..." she swayed a bit, her eyes looking glassy.
"Never mind. I should go."

"No, it's all right. Stay." I took her by the hand and lead her
to the couch in my living room. I wasn't about to throw her out.
Besides, I did feel flattered that she'd come to see me, drunk or
not. I pulled her down on the cushion with me and held her with
her legs across my lap. She started kissing my neck as I turned
on the TV. I set the volume low and let my fingers play gently
through her soft black hair, trying to ignore how incredibly
arousing it was just to have her laying there pressed up against
me.

"Mmm, you're a great guy," she murmured, resting her head against
my chest. Her words made me feel good, even though she might not
even remember any of this later. In a few minutes she was asleep.
I moved her arm from around my neck and lifted her up. She
twitched a bit and mumbled something I couldn't make out as I
carried her into my bedroom. I wasn't the most athletic guy, but
luckily it was a short distance and I managed to get her there
without banging her head against anything. I set her down on the
bed carefully. She looked sexy lying there with her mussed up
hair and her long legs spread slightly apart. I fought with the
urge to undo her clothes, fondle her, or just flat out fuck her.
It would be so damn easy to do. That's what she'd come looking
for anyway, right? Maybe. Maybe not. 

I rolled her onto her stomach and eased her head toward the side 
of the bed, hoping she wouldn't throw up during the night. I 
dimmed the lights, then on impulse kissed her on the cheek before 
going back out to lie on the couch. In the soft gloom of the 
shaded streetlamps outside I lay there and wondered if it was 
possible to fall in love with someone you barely knew. It took 
me a long time to drift off.

I woke up to an empty apartment. She must have been pretty quiet
when letting herself out. There was a note stuck to the
refrigerator with a big smiley face on it.

'Thank you,' it read. 'I'm sorry about last night and I really
appreciate what you did. Call me later?'

I called. I was nervous, but the conversation flowed pretty
smoothly after the initial bits of awkwardness passed. We ended
up talking for over an hour, and I was surprised at how much we
actually had in common. She confessed to being somewhat of a geek
in high school, someone that was usually overlooked by everybody
else. In her senior year she'd decided to break out of that mold
once and for all. She'd gone out and gotten her nose pierced, and
after that she found out that she wasn't invisible anymore.

"It wasn't like I was a different person," she explained, "but it
gave people a reason to talk to me. And once they did I could be
myself." I felt much the same way about my camera. It was a
focus, a conversation piece, a safety buffer. You could ask
questions about a camera or a piercing and still be casual.
Asking things about a person was more invasive.

When there was short lull, I decided to go for it.

"Hey, if you're free one night, I know a good Thai place
downtown. My treat." I hoped my voice didn't betray how anxious I
was.

She didn't hesitate at all. "Sure. How's Wednesday sound? I'm
working part-time the rest of the week."

"Sounds awesome." I answered. "Eight work for you?"

"Perfect."

It sounded like she was smiling, but I couldn't be sure. I was
grinning like a total moron.

"Okay," I said. "I'll come by your place and we'll go from there.
I'll bring your pictures too." Earlier she'd told me that she
shared an apartment with two other girls only a few blocks away
from mine.

"Cool, I'll be waiting. See you then."

We said goodbye, and that was that. Easy. Almost too good to be
true.

By Wednesday I had all her prints ready and done up as
professionally as I could manage. I even ordered flowers. Then a
half hour before eight, my cellphone buzzed. It was Angela. As
soon as I heard her voice, I knew.

"Hi Rick. I hate to do this, but something came up and I can't
make it tonight." She sounded sincere, but mostly I heard the low
rumble of the universe shifting back to its normal axis.

"Oh," I replied, trying not to sound too disappointed. "It's
okay. Raincheck?"

She paused for a moment. "I don't think so...I'm going to be really
busy for a while." Another pause. "Sorry."

"Well, okay then." I felt like I was drifting helplessly off into
space. "Can I drop your pictures by sometime?"

"Yeah, that'd be great. Rick, I really am sorry."

"It's no big deal," I lied. "See ya around?"

"Yeah," she answered slowly. "See you."

And that was that. Fuck. I looked over at the flowers sitting by
the door, right next to the white cardboard sleeve with her
pictures in it. Feeling masochistic, I grabbed my camera and took
a shot of the scene. I would be a good photo to frame and put
somewhere in my bedroom. I could even title it `Futility' or
something like that. The flowers continued to sit there and
silently mock me. I decided that there was no time like the
present to get rid of them.

I wandered toward Angela's apartment with the intention of
leaving her things on the doorstep and fading out of her life. On
the way, a blonde girl and her black boyfriend passed me on the
sidewalk. The blonde saw the flowers in my hand and smiled, then
gave her boyfriend a sharp nudge in the ribs.

"See? *He* knows what he's doing," I heard her tell him as they
walked away. I just shook my head, wishing it were true.

Angela's apartment was on the second floor of a two-story
complex. I thought about knocking, but if she was just inside
watching TV or something I'd rather not know about it. I propped
the cardboard sleeve up against the wall and laid the flowers
down beside it. She lived in a fairly nice area so I wasn't
worried about someone stealing them. I had just turned to leave
when I came face to face with the disapproving expression of a
short, sour-faced young woman who had just come up the stairs
from the first floor. She had her brown hair tied back in a
ponytail and her face was flushed like she'd just returned from a
jog. She glanced at the sleeve and the flowers, seeming to note
Angela's name on the card.

"She's not here," the girl said curtly. "She went out on a date
with her ex."

"Thanks," I answered with a weak smile. "Now I feel like even
more of an idiot."

She looked at me for a moment, then her expression softened.
"Sorry." She began to unlock the door to the apartment. "I'll
make sure she gets these. You wanna come in for a beer or
something?"

"I should be going. Thanks for the offer though," I answered. She
was fairly attractive when she wasn't scowling and had
impressively large breasts, but the last thing I wanted was more
social embarrassment.

"Okay. Seeya."

I walked aimlessly for a while and watched the various sorts of
people as they came and went, wondering if any of them felt quite
as discouraged as I did. I supposed that I should've felt lucky
about having hooked up with Angela at all, but now I almost
wished I'd never met her. We'd seemed to fit well together, well
enough to make me want so much more than just a simple fuck.
College was supposed to be all about parties and casual sex, but 
I just wasn't wired that way.

A week passed. I tried to concentrate on my classes, but Angela
was still on my mind more often than not. Once or twice I
considered calling her, but our last conversation had seemed
rather final. Still, I was bound to run into her again
eventually. I only wondered if she would even acknowledge me when
it happened.

The following Monday I was walking home from my evening classes
when my cellphone rang. It was a number I didn't know.

"Hello?"

"Hi." It was a girl's voice. "This is Nicole. From when you were
dropping off the flowers and stuff? Ponytail? Bitchy? Remember?"

"Yeah, I remember." I did, though I had no idea why she was
calling me. "What's up?"

"I saw a few of the pictures you took of Angela and thought they
were really good. She gave me your number, and I was wondering if
you could take some of me."

"Um, sure," I was caught a little off guard. I also wondered
which ones she'd seen, as I'd included all the more risqu
pictures in the portfolio I dropped off. "We can set a time,
evenings are best for me."

"Great. How much will it cost?"

For a moment I didn't know how to respond. I'd never been offered
money before.

"I'm not a pro, so no charge," I replied. "You're actually doing
me a favor by letting me practice."

"Hmm." Her tone made it impossible to tell whether she approved
or not. "Okay then. How about tonight?" One thing was certain,
she didn't waste time.

"Sure, that'll be fine." I gave her directions to my apartment
and we set the appointment for an hour away. As I got home and
started setting up, I briefly wondered if this shoot might turn
out anything like Angela's. Nicole didn't strike me as the
adventurous type though. She seemed more like the kind who could
make a photoshoot as much fun as getting kicked in the mouth.

Nicole arrived exactly on time and carrying a travel bag full of
clothes. I could already feel my teeth starting to hurt, but I
just smiled and guided her to my studio. She was even shorter
than I remembered, maybe five foot two at the tallest. She had
her hair down this time. It was light brown, slightly curly, and
reached just past her shoulders. She was also wearing some makeup
and looked to be in a better mood than before. She wasn't exactly
striking, but she did have a well-shaped face and an athletic
figure. Her large chest made her look rather top heavy, but that
wasn't a bad thing.

"So," I asked as loaded the camera. "What kind of pictures did
you have in mind?"

She hesitated for a moment before answering, seeming almost
embarrassed. "My fianc is in the Army overseas and I wanted to,
well, surprise him."

"Ah," I answered, noticing the small ring twinkling on her finger
for the first time. "Am I right in guessing that means something
a little provocative?" I tried to do my best impression of
someone who knew what he was doing.

She nodded, blushing slightly. "I took a peek at the pictures you
brought before I gave them to Angela. The, um, nude ones seemed
very tastefully done."

"Thanks." I smiled sheepishly, wondering if she'd still have the
same opinion if she knew what had happened afterward. "Well,
whenever you're ready we can get started. You can use the
bathroom to change." Nicole hesitated, suddenly looking stiff and
anxious. Strangely enough I barely felt nervous at all. I think
the fact that she was engaged made me feel safer somehow.

"Actually, lets start with some warm up pictures," I said,
switching on the small stereo I'd brought in earlier. One thing
I'd learned from school photoshoots is that a little low music
helped everyone to relax. "Just try to forget that I'm here.
Pretend the camera is your fianc, and that it's just you and
him."

I snapped a half dozen shots to get her used to the camera. She
smiled and seemed to loosen up a bit.

"Should I change now?" She asked. It almost seemed like she was
talking to the camera instead of me.

"Sure, go ahead."

Nicole grabbed her bag and disappeared into the hall bathroom.
She was in there for so long I was beginning to think she'd had
second thoughts, but then she finally reappeared. It was my turn
to feel a bit anxious as she came in wearing a tight schoolgirl
outfit complete with pigtails and white knee-high socks. Her body
was lightly tanned and very fit, and in the skimpy outfit her
breasts looked even larger. She was blushing fiercely as she
stood in front of the backdrop.

"You look great," I said, taking position behind the camera.

"Thanks," she answered. "What should I do now?"

I thought for a moment, thinking of the things that sexy
schoolgirls were supposed to do. "Act shy and drag the toe of one
foot around in front of you like you're marking the floor."

"Like this?" She did a near perfect impression of a coy
schoolgirl, holding her arms behind her back and looking shyly at
the camera. I wasn't too big on the look, but she had it down
pat. She could have passed for a well endowed sixteen year old
with no problem at all.

"Wonderful," I said with a smile, taking several shots. "Go with
it. Remember, its your fianc watching, not me."

She began trying different poses, getting slightly naughtier with
each one. She pressed her arms together and pushed out her chest,
then bent forward to show off her cleavage. It was an impressive
view, and I had her hold it until I was satisfied that I got some
good shots. Then she started teasing with her skirt, pulling it
up inch by inch until she was exposing just a hint of her white
panties. It was my turn to start blushing, but she didn't seem to
notice. She was focusing almost totally on the camera and seemed
much more relaxed. I suggested she turn a bit and she responded
with a slow girlish twirl, ending up with her back to the camera.
She lifted her skirt again and revealed a glimpse of her butt,
then she bent forward and poked her skirted ass right at the
camera. She could definitely be sexy when she wanted to be.

"Could you lean forward a bit more?" I directed. She quickly did
as I asked. "Great. Now flatten out your back...perfect." I clicked
away and finished off the last of the roll.

She went to change again as I loaded some new film, trying to
remain objective and stay focused on my job. Any chance of that
failed when Nicole came back in wearing a white lace teddy and
nothing else. Her hair was loose again and fell wildly around her
shoulders.

"He really likes it when I wear this," she explained, looking a
bit embarrassed. I could easily see why he did. Her nipples were
visible through the lace and the white material drew attention to
every curve from her chest down to her thighs.

"He must be a man of good taste," I commented. She smirked for a
moment. Not sure what her reaction meant, I suggested that she
make use of the sofa or one of the chairs if she wanted. She
quickly sat down on the sofa, and I re-adjusted my lights and
tripod to her new position.

"You know best about what he likes to see," I told her. "Its all
you. Think about how hot these will make him."

She settled back and squeezed her tits together with her elbows,
her legs spread slightly open. The upper part of her mound that
was visible through the lace looked hairless and smooth. I moved
in for some closer shots as Nicole began running her hands down
over her tits and across her stomach, continuing down her body
until both hands were resting on the insides of her thighs. Her
face and upper chest were flushed, and it seemed like she
might've been taking my advice about treating the camera like her
fianc a little too literally. Not that I was complaining.

Gazing steadily into the camera, she moved one hand up and licked
her index finger. I focused in for a few moments as she began to
suck on it, my cock giving a sympathetic twitch in my jeans. The
fingers of her other hand were moving in slow circles over her
crotch. The studio was feeling warmer and warmer, and the only
sounds in the room were the quiet R&B tunes on the radio and the
soft click of the shutter. Nicole seemed to be off in her own
little world.

She reached up with both hands and peeled the straps of her teddy
off her shoulders, slowly pulling the top down until her sizeable
tits bounced free from the cloth. Her nipples were large and
erect, and her boobs quivered slightly as she moved her hands
underneath and hefted them up in all their glory. Her fianc
must've been a tit man. He wouldn't have had a choice. Nicole
didn't even seem to notice me as I went in for some close-ups.
Her tits were surprisingly large for someone with such a toned
body, but they definitely didn't look fake. I enjoyed the show as
she played with them for a few minutes, then adjusted my angle as
she pushed her teddy down around her waist and slid her hand
underneath it to rest between her legs.

"Arch your back," I suggested quietly, starting to feel like a
porn director. She complied, and a moment later she was slowly
stroking herself, the outlines of her fingers clearly visible as
they moved under the white cloth of her teddy. It did seem like
the shoot was quickly moving from tasteful into pornographic.
Maybe Angela had been right about the lights.

Nicole suddenly sat up and stripped the teddy all the way off.
She fell back onto the sofa and continued with what she'd been
doing, caressing her breasts with one hand and stroking herself
with the other. Her pussy looked freshly shaved or waxed, with no
bumps or stubble at all. The petal-like lips were large and pink,
and glistened under the lights as she slowly ran her fingers up
and down over them. By this time I was hard as diamond, but it
seemed like she'd almost forgotten I was even there.

"Try turning over," I whispered. Nicole immediately flipped over
with her knees on the floor and leaned forward against the sofa,
thrusting her round little ass into the air. She reached down and
began rubbing herself from underneath, even running a finger over
her clean and tightly puckered butthole. Her ass was arched up
right at me, her head resting to one side on the cushion with her
hair fanned out across her shoulder. It was an incredibly hot
pose, and I was dangerously tempted to just grab her from behind
and fuck the hell out of her, fianc or no.

I stopped to reload the camera and catch my breath. I was ready
to cut the session off and go take a cold shower before something
regrettable happened. Nicole held the pose and looked back at me
over her shoulder, her eyes fixed on the front of my tented
jeans.

"Am I turning you on?" She asked, her gaze never leaving my
crotch.

"Yes," I replied with an embarrassed grin, wondering why she'd
bothered to ask. It had to be obvious that she was. "Yes you are.
I think I need a break."

"Okay," she said, finally looking away. "I think I need one too."
She stood up unsteadily and walked to the bathroom. I did my best
to cool down in her absence. In a few minutes she returned, fully
dressed and looking more composed.

"Those should be enough for now," she said, avoiding eye contact
with me. Whatever spell she'd been under had obviously passed.
"When can I pick them up?"

"I can have them ready in a few days," I answered, somewhat glad
to be back on solid footing. I felt like I'd come very close to
slipping off a cliff. "Should I call you when they're done?"

"Yes, please do."

She gathered up her bag and I escorted her to the door. After
giving me a polite smile, she left. When she had gone I fell onto
the living room couch to think for a while.

***

Nicole came by on Wednesday evening to get her pictures. I'd
expected her to feel uncomfortable and leave quickly, but she
seemed very casual and even wanted to look at the photos with me.
I sat down on my living room couch and spread them out over the
coffee table.

She took a seat beside me and began to scrutinize each one. "You
do good work," she commented, looking at a picture of herself as
a schoolgirl.

"Glad you like them," I smiled, feeling a bit distracted by her
presence. She was sitting less than a foot away, close enough for
me to smell her faint perfume. She had her hair tied back and was
wearing jeans and a blue hooded sweater.

I saw her face color slightly as she regarded one of herself
lying naked on the sofa, then she suddenly looked up and caught
me watching her. I felt my heart beat faster as we locked eyes
for a moment. I hadn't meant to look for as long as I did, but
there was something in her face that held my gaze, an uncertain
sort of embarrassment that told me she was enjoying the
attention. We both looked away at the same time.

"Hey," I said, feeling an unusual rush of courage. "You wanna
grab something to eat? Nothing like a date, just hanging out.
You're not obligated to or anything." I half expected her to grab
her pictures and storm off, or maybe slap me.

She only looked at me curiously, seeming to hesitate. "Right
now?"

"Yeah. Thai okay?"

A quick flurry of emotions seemed to move across her face, then
she smiled. "Okay."

Two orders of Pad Thai later, we were sitting in the restaurant
and talking. She only brought up her fianc once, mentioning how
he'd been away for almost eight months and was out of contact
most of the time. She seemed a little bitter as she talked about
him, and I got the feeling that things between them weren't
exactly peachy. She also seemed pretty lonely. Working on a dual
major in Business and Psychology didn't leave her whole lot of
time to relax. There wasn't a whole lot we had in common, but we
got along and seemed to enjoy each other's company.

Nicole had left her pictures back at my apartment, and after
dinner we went back. She sat down on the couch as I gathered up
the photos and put them in an envelope.

"The negatives are in there too," I said as I handed them over.

"Thank you." Her fingers brushed lightly over my hand as she took
the envelope.

"My pleasure," I responded, meaning it.

"I should get back." She rose to her feet, seeming almost
reluctant. "I have a lot of reading to do."

"Okay. If you feel like hanging out again sometime, just give me
a call," I said, smiling as I walked her to the door. "I had fun
tonight."

"I'll do that." She smiled back and left. It almost sounded like
a promise.

The rest of the week was rough. I had two papers to do and hadn't
given myself enough time to finish them. I squeaked by and got
them in on time, though barely. Thursday afternoon I caught sight
of Angela standing outside the library. She looked like she was
waiting for someone. I thought about walking over and saying
hello, but then *he* showed up. Angela grabbed his shoulders and
kissed him as he ruffled her hair affectionately. The old
boyfriend. He was stocky, well dressed, handsome, and had a cocky
high-school quarterback kind of look that made me want to punch
him in the face. Still, I had to admit that they looked good
together. Suddenly feeling sick, I turned and walked away before
she had a chance to see me.

Nicole called on Friday and we agreed to meet at a pizza place
nearby. I was glad for the chance to get out, but I wasn't
feeling extremely sociable. When I arrived I saw someone waving
me over to their table, and it took a second to realize it was
Nicole. She looked so different I almost didn't recognize her.
She had her hair styled and was wearing a nice black v-neck top
and white pants. She had a bit of eyeshadow and lipstick on and
was looking quite good. For a moment I wondered if she was
waiting for somebody else.

"You look great," I said, sitting down at the table. I felt like
a bum in my jeans and faded long-sleeved shirt.

"Thanks." She smiled.

"Any special occasion?"

"No, I just felt like dressing up. It's been a while."

We ordered and made small talk for a bit. She talked a little
about her classes and the Psych professor she couldn't stand, her
pretty blue eyes locking with mine far too often to be
accidental. I didn't mind it, though I was feeling a bit awkward.
I started holding her gaze, wanting to see how long it would take
for her to break it. It turned into a game to see who would look
away first, and Nicole won more often than not. Our food came and
we ate our pizza in silence for a time.

"If I didn't know better," I said, feeling the need to say
something. "I'd say you were flirting with me."

"Oh?" She looked as if she had no idea what I was talking about.
"What makes you say that?"

"Wishful thinking maybe?"

"I bet." There was a hint of a smile on her face, and also a bit
of tomato sauce.

Feeling suddenly flirtatious myself, I took my napkin and reached
over to dab it off. She let me get it, looking slightly
embarrassed.

"Relax," I said with a smile. "It's just a little spot. Besides,
its not like I've seen you naked before or anything."

Her eyes darted away and the rosy tint of a blush appeared on her
cheeks. I made a mental note to shut up. I wasn't any good at
this stuff.

We finished eating. Nicole insisted on getting the bill.

"Up for a movie?" I asked as we went outside. I felt like I owed
her something for embarrassing her, if nothing else.

"Sure," she answered. "I think I'd rather stay in though."

"Well, I have a bunch of DVDs back at my place. Even popcorn."

"Only if it's the buttered kind," she answered, sounding very
serious.

I assured her it was. On the way to my apartment I briefly
wondered if we were moving into dangerous territory. It was hard
to imagine that Nicole could be seriously interested in me
though. She was probably just lonely and having a little fun.

When we arrived she chose The Last Samurai because she'd never
seen it, and with the lights down and popcorn ready we started
watching it on the couch. About fifteen minutes in, Nicole
suddenly shifted closer and leaned her head against my shoulder.
I felt my pulse quicken, but I tried to ignore it and focus on
the movie. After a few minutes I gave up and put my arm around
her. She nestled in even nearer, her warm body lying firmly
against mine. I told myself it was just a bit of casual human
contact. Harmless.

A little while later I felt her head turn against my shoulder.
Wondering if she was falling asleep, I glanced down and saw that
she was looking up at me with her head tilted slightly back.
Mostly I saw the soft outline of her lips in the flickering light
from the TV screen. I fought a silent battle with myself, but
before I knew if I'd won or lost I was already leaning in and
kissing her. She responded immediately, pressing her velvety
mouth back against mine. We kissed for a long time like a pair of
teenagers making out, then she suddenly took my hand and placed
over one of her boobs. I held and squeezed it gently through her
shirt. She was obviously turned on, her breath coming in little
gasps between kisses. My cock had become so stiff it was tenting
my jeans.

For the first time I had to seriously consider my intentions.
Earlier I'd been dead set against the idea of pushing her to
cheat on her fianc, but now I felt my resolve weakening. She was
an attractive and lonely girl, and also a horny one on top of
that. I mentally drew the line at necking and hoped I'd have the
strength not to cross it.

My plans flew out the window when I felt her start rubbing my
cock. Then she started working my zipper open, and I knew that
this was probably going to be our last chance to put on the
brakes.

"Maybe we..." I began, but she only put her finger to my lips and
stopped me. Her other hand slid into my pants and around my cock,
making me forget what I'd been going to say. With one quick
movement she pulled it out and leaned down to take it into her
warm mouth. All thoughts of resistance faded as Nicole started
blowing me with an almost furious intensity, her lips making wet
sucking noises on the head of my cock. I slid my hand down her
back and over her ass, grabbing a solid handful of cheek as I
felt her start sucking harder. On a whim I slid my other hand
through her hair and tugged it gently, wondering how she'd
respond. She groaned around my cock and stopped her movements,
and taking the hint I got a firmer grip and began moving her head
up and down by the hair. She groaned again, seeming to enjoy
being treated a bit roughly.

I was enjoying it too, but the sensations of her bobbing mouth
and swirling tongue were already bringing me close. I pulled her
up and kissed her before pressing her slowly back on the
cushions. My hands slid under her shirt almost of their own
accord, and I felt my way up over her tight stomach until I found
her holstered breasts. I sucked on her bottom lip as I reached
underneath to unhook her bra. It came loose with a quiet elastic
snap, and I pushed her shirt and bra up together to take her
naked tits in my hands. They felt incredibly soft and resilient.

"Suck them," she whispered, making it sound like a command. I
wasn't about to refuse her. I leaned down and took one of her big
nipples into my mouth, swirling it with my tongue and biting it
gently as it quickly stiffened between my lips. She moaned
quietly, wriggling a bit on the couch as I switched back and
forth from one tit to the other. I slid my hand down over her
belly and found her own hands already busy unbuttoning her fly. 
It seemed about time for us to move to a better location.

I gathered her up and carried her into the bedroom, her small
frame fitting surprisingly well in my arms. She grabbed my
shoulders and looked up with an expression that said 'fuck me'
just as plainly as if she'd spoken it out loud. I dropped her
onto the bed and stripped my clothes off, watching her in the
near dark as she did the same. She looked on with her hands
resting over her breasts as I pulled a condom out of my
nightstand and put it on.

Moving onto the bed, I kissed her neck as I slid my hand between
her legs, finding her pussy still shaved bare. The lips felt very
soft and warm against my fingers. I wanted to taste her, but
Nicole was done playing around. She grabbed me by the cock and
guided me in, spreading her legs out wide. With a few slow pushes
I was firmly inside, and I began fucking her with long, hard
strokes, hearing her whimper every time our pubic bones bumped
together. She was tight and very wet, her pussy seeming to cling
to me with every thrust. Luckily with the condom on I wasn't in
any immediate danger of coming. She closed her eyes and groaned
as I mouthed her nipples again, seeming content to lie back and
let me do the work. I didn't really mind.

After a few minutes I reached down and squeezed her thigh.
Suddenly curious to see how flexible she was, I lifted her leg up
and pushed it over her body until her knee was touching her
shoulder. She raised her other leg, and I moved it up into the
same position until her body was bent practically in half,
letting me thrust into her even deeper.

"Oh! God! Yes!" She gasped as I held her by the ankles and
started pumping harder, causing her tits to heave wildly and her
breath to escape in sharp little huffs. She squeezed her eyes
tightly shut and dug her fingers into the sheets as our bodies
slapped together again and again. Almost before I was aware of
it, the pressure in my groin suddenly rose to the point of no
return. I grabbed her by the shoulders and grunted as I came
inside her, the waves of intense pleasure pulsing almost
violently through my body. Nicole sucked and bit at my shoulder
gently as the pulses subsided, and I slowly resumed fucking her,
hoping that I could stay hard. I kissed her as I built the rhythm
back up, nibbling on her lower lip as I thrust into her harder
and harder. She suddenly pushed her body up against me, and with
a low whimpering cry, she came. Her eyes rolled back in her head
as her body trembled, then after a few seconds she pushed me off
and lay there panting with one hand draped protectively over her
pussy.

I sat next to her and caught my own breath, admiring her slim
athletic body until she stirred and sat halfway up. She looked at
me for a moment, her face glowing with spent desire. There was a
brief flicker of guilt in her eyes, but it faded as she slowly
leaned over and kissed me, brushing her lips against mine very
softly before pulling away. That was all the communication
needed. I grabbed her pants from where they'd been kicked to the
foot of the bed and handed them over. Nicole stood and got
dressed, seeming to wobble unsteadily on her feet. I disposed of
the spent condom then pulled my own pants on and saw her out,
watching as she walked off and disappeared into the night. I had
the feeling that my life had just become a lot more complicated.




*****************************************************************

Comments Welcome. 

christian562@gmail.com

More at http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/Christian_Alan/www/

*****************************************************************




