Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Bimbo App Chapter Fifteen: Bimbofying the Teasing MILF
Summary: Eric makes his cock-teasing MILF neighbor into his bimbo-slut
Keywords: mF MmF mc oral anal A2M DP exhib voy MILF wife cheat cuck

Copywrite 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to WRC264 for beta reading this!

Eric Murphy

I had the credits. It was time to claim that naughty MILF who did her hot yoga in the backyard every day at this time. I had wanted to claim her as one of my bimbos. I was so thrilled to do this. My cock was so hard.

I reached the fence and climbed up it, using the framing on our side to reach the top. I popped my head over the top to find Mrs. Mayers in her yoga pants as usual. She was bent over, her ass aimed right at my house. The gray fabric hugged her rump, molding to the curves of her delicious butt. 

She stared at me between her thighs, her short bob of auburn hair swaying around her face. Her large breasts were held in a sports bra, gravity pulling them toward her face. She was in great shape. Just a gorgeous woman in her forties.

A hot MILF.

You're not watching from your bedroom window, she said, holding the pose. 

I grinned at her. Guess not.

Mmm, you're such a bad boy. She straightened up and stared at me over her shoulder, her eyes flirty and hot. I gripped my phone in my hand. Always gawking at me when I'm doing my yoga.
So you like me looking at your ass, I said. 

Do I? she asked in this mysterious and playful way.

You're always aiming that ass right at my window. I climbed up more. I can come over and watch up close. Really see how great that ass is.

She arched an eyebrow at me. What do you think you're doing, Eric?

You're the one who wants me to come over there and fuck you, I said. That's why you're teasing me every day.

She burst into laughter. It was mocking. I'd feel humiliated if I didn't have my phone with the bimbo app ready to be used. She shook her head and stared at me like I was a stupid, little kid who didn't understand the world at all.

So, you're just a cocktease then? I asked, a surge of anger still rising in me. I kept climbing up and dropped over the fence.

She planted her hands on her hips and hissed, Get lost, Eric! I let you watch before because I didn't care, but now you're being even more of a little creep than normal.

Little creep, huh? I said as she glared at me. I aimed my phone at her.

You think you can get away taking a pic of me? she demanded, marching at me. I'm going to rip that phone from you than have words with your mother.

I smiled and tapped the screen to make her my next bimbo. I think you'll find she doesn't care. You'll be sucking my cock like she does.

You little fuck

I hit YES.

er. A big smile spread on her lips as all the anger melted away. She bounced in place, her boobs bouncing in her sports bra. You're a wittle little fucker, yay! I wanna be a fucked by a wittle fucker! Ooh, ooh, that sounds like such funny times!

Yes, it does, I said as I just spent 729 Bimbo Crystals which dropped me down to 128 of them. That was tens of thousands of dollars to make her into my willing fucktoy. It was so worth it to have Mrs. Mayers as mine.

She squeezed her big boobs through her blouse. She squeezed her tits, this wicked gleam in her eyes. It was such a thrill to see her looking like that. My dick twitched so hard in my jeans. I was so ready to just take her hard, but first...

Let's see some naked yoga, Mrs. Mayers, I said. Get naked and start taking poses!

I can tots do that! she squealed like a girl half her age. She bounced up and down, her boobs heaving in her sports bra, her bob of auburn hair bouncing around her face.

She ripped off her sports bra. Her big, heavy tits spilled out and slapped together. They rippled from the impact. I groaned at the sight of seeing her boobs. I had jacked off so many times standing at my window watching her do her yoga. 

Just stroking my cock while standing at my window and witnessing the hot sight of her going through her yoga poses. And now here she was stripping for me. I no longer had to imagine what she looked like naked.

Nor what it would be like to fuck her.

She shoved off her yoga pants next. Like I knew, she wasn't wearing panties beneath. I thought she had a shaved pussy, though, since she always had such a clear camel toe. Instead, she had a landing strip of auburn hair leading down to her thick pussy lips. 

Shit, I groaned as she worked those pants down, her boobs swaying beneath her. She stepped out of them and popped back up. 

Yoga time! she squealed and flashed me the V for Victory sign. She then bent backward. I shuddered at this one as she planted her hands on the ground, her pussy aimed right at me. Her boobs quivered as her stomach faced the sky.

I didn't know how she was so flexible to do that, but it was such a hot sight. I ripped off my t-shirt and shoved down my jeans. My cock popped out and bobbed before me as she held the pose. Part of me just wanted to step up and slide into her pussy.

After all, I did own her. She was my MILF now. 

I loved this App. I shuddered to think how much bimbo number 8 would cost. I mean, Jesus, that had to be a lot. A few thousand. I didn't care, though. I wasn't sure I needed more bimbos. Seven was enough. I had my three favorites and four that would make me so rich.

Before I could step up and fuck her, she went into a handstand. She just pushed up with her legs and had them thrust at the sky. I stared at that perfect ass. I moved around her, her boobs landing toward her face, forming delicious mounds, her nipples pointing hard at me. She flexed her toes as she stayed upright.

Ooh, ooh, all the blood is gushing to my brain and making me feel all dizzy wizzy! she squealed. Ooh, ooh, So then I do this!

She brought her legs down again, pointing her ass at me as she was in that A-pose she'd held when I walked up. Her cunt dripped juices just a foot away from my cock. She stared at me between her thighs, a big, empty-headed smile on her lips. 

I couldn't take it any longer. Still gripping my phone in my hand, I stepped up and pressed my dick against her twat and thrust into her pussy. I sank to the hilt in her snatch, reveling in the warmth of her cunt around my cock.

Little wittle fucker! she squealed as I sank to the hilt in her snatch. Ooh, ooh, but not wittle. No, no, you're so biggie! Ooh, ooh, Eric is such a biggie fucker!

Yes, I am, I groaned.

God, she had such a fantastic twat. She felt amazing around my dick. Just an absolute delight to have her cunt wrapped around my dick. I savored finally being in the married MILF. She had such a wonderful twat. She gripped me with that magnificent cunt. I was in pure heaven.

I drew back my hips, savoring the way her twat gripped me. She held me tight with that hot snatch. I pumped away at her snatch. I thrust into her cunt over and over again. I fucked Mrs. Mayers hard and fast, loving her twat around my dick.

Ooh, ooh, Eric is a biggie fucker who's fuckering my pussy! squealed the MILF, still bent over, her butt-cheeks rippling from the impact of my crotch.

Yes, I am a big fucker, I groaned, stirring up her cunt. Damn, that's good pussy. That's a fucking amazing cunt. Yes, yes, you're a tight one. Your husband must be a little fucker!

A wittle fucker! she moaned in agreement. Ooh, ooh, I wuv your dick so much. Just lovey wuvy love it! 

I grinned as I fucked the MILF. I pounded her cunt hard and fast. I thrust into her again and again. She had such a fantastic twat. I loved fucking her. I pound her hard and fast. I thrust into her snatch with everything that I had. It was a thrill to ram into her like this. I pounded her over and over again. It was a thrill to pound her.

I fucked to the hilt in her snatch again and again. I pounded her with everything that I had. I loved fucking her. I savored her snatch wrapped around my dick, her hot snatch gripping my cock. It was heaven to finally be in her.

God, I've wanted to fuck you for so long! I growled as I pounded her. 

Ooh, ooh, me, too! she moaned, her pussy clamping down on me.

Oh, really? I grinned at those words. I fucked her hard and fast, churning up her cunt. How long?

Um... She blinked. Since I got all naked! I wanted you to fuck me as I did all my posyes and was flashing my pussy at you and hoping you would all fucky me with your biggie fucker! That was so long! Like a few minutes! And I was wet and itchy and hot and juicy and needed your biggie dick in my cunt just all fucking me! Like this!

She clamped her pussy down around my dick. I loved thrusting into her cunt over and over again. I pounded her over and over. I loved how she gripped me. Massaged me. I shuddered, savoring that delicious snatch.

I hurtled toward cumming in her snatch. I wanted to flood her pussy with everything that I had. It would be just perfect to have all that pleasure surging through me. I shuddered, enjoying that hot passion around my dick.

Fuck, fuck, fuck, I groaned. That's perfect. You love that, don't you? You love my big dick fucking your pussy!

Oh, so muchy, she moaned. Ooh, ooh, my pussy is feeling so amazey and your biggie dick is churning me up and I'm gonna cum! Yay! Yay! I love cummings! It's the bestest!

Fuck, yeah! I groaned, my nuts slapping into her clit heavy with my cum. I would spurt all my jizz into her twat. Oh, yes, I'm going to cum in your twat. Just flood your snatch with my spunk.

I thrust into her hard and fast. I fucked in her twat with force, loving every moment of hammering her twat. It was an incredible delight to fuck her like this. To pound her cunt with force. I savored how amazing it was to have her pussy wrapped around my dick.

Just fantastic to fuck her like this. I enjoyed every moment of hammering her cunt, my nuts slapping her twat. Her married pussy gripped me as I hurtled toward my orgasm. She squealed as I buried my dick into her cunt.

Biggie fucker! she gasped as her pussy went wild around my cock. I'm cummies!

I shuddered as Mrs. Mayers's cunt writhed around my dick. The MILF's hot pussy spasmed around me in such an exciting way. I loved this so much. I savored that pleasure rippling around my dick and suckling at me. 

My nuts tightened as I drew back my dick, her pussy suckling at me. She nursed at my dick. I shuddered as her pussy rippled around me. It was amazing to feel her doing that. I thrust back into her cunt and smiled and groaned in delight.

I erupted into her cunt.

I pumped blast after blast of my cum into her pussy. I flooded the MILF with my seed. 

Yes, yes, all your biggie jizz flooding my twaty! she gasped, her pussy rippling around me. Sucking at me.

You fucking got it! I growled as I pumped more and more of my cum into her snatch. I loved how she suckled at me. It was a fantastic thrill to have all that pleasure firing out of me. I savored that heat rippling around me. Shit!

I fired my cum into her cunt over and over. I basted her twat with all that jizz. I shuddered at how amazing it was to fill her snatch up with my spunk. It was a fantastic rush. A big smile spread on my lips as I left her soaking in my cum.

My seed filled her womb. I splattered her cervix with my spunk, flooding her uterus. She was my MILF. I owned her sexy ass. Her cunt rippled around me as she squealed out her pleasure. I groaned, gripping my phone in my left hand.

Shit, that's good, I groaned. Oh, damn, that's so fucking good.

So fuckedying good! she purred. Ooh, ooh, you're such a biggie fucker with all that biggie jizz in me! Yay!

Yeah, I said. Get on your hands and knees now. I have to fuck that ass!

Ooh, ooh, anal! I lovey it up the ass! She slid forward and popped her cunt off my dick. She landed on her hands and knees before me. Her butt-cheeks rippled together in such an exciting way. I loved how they quivered like that. It was a sight to behold. One that made my dick so hard. A big smile spread on my lips at the sight of her like that. Come, come, fuck me up the ass. Ooh, I need it so much!

Yeah, I said as I dropped to my knees behind her. You're going to love my big fucker pounding your tight asshole!

I will wuvy it so much. She wiggled her hips, her butt-cheeks jiggling. It was such a hot sight to witness. This was all my fantasies come to life.

I pressed my dick into her butt-crack, smearing the pussy cream on it down her crevice until I found her asshole. I pushed against her backdoor. The MILF tossed her head, her auburn hair swaying around her face. She squealed in delight as her anal ring widened to take my dick.

Yesy yes! she moaned. I wuvy it up the ass! Ram that biggie fucker into my naughty wotty assyhole! I want it so muchy!

Fucking anal slut! I groaned as I drilled against her anal ring. I pushed against her as I loved how her backdoor stretched open for me. I thrust harder.

She squealed when I popped into her velvety bowels. I sank into her anal sheath as she trembled there. My cock slid deeper and deeper into my bimbo-MILF's asshole. I reveled in sinking to the hilt in her. She was all around me. Hot and tight, massaging the crown of my cock.

I bottomed out in her bowels. My balls rested on her taint. That felt perfect. Just what I needed to feel. I loved that so much. I savored having all that hot bowels around my cock. It was perfect. Just the delight that I needed.

Damn, I groaned. Oh, damn, that's perfect. That's just perfect being in your asshole, Mrs. Mayers.

Ooh, I know! She threw a look over her shoulders. I'm perfect! Just so hot and sexy and gorgeous and stunning and perfect! That's me!

I grinned as I drew back my dick. Her anal sheath clung to me, massaging my cock with that wonderful flesh. I savored the pleasure racing down my cock. I thrust back into her. I buried to the hilt in her bowels. I savored her hot flesh massaging my cock. It was perfect to have her bowels around my dick. Just fantastic.

I fucked her hard. I pounded her anal sheath with force. She moaned and gasped, her head tossing as I buried my dick into her bowels again and again. I fucked her anal sheath hard. I pounded her with force, reveling in this pleasure wrapped around my dick.

Shit! I groaned. Oh, shit, your asshole is so fucking tight!

It's the bestest bestiest best asshole! she moaned. Oooh, ooh, I wuvy your biggie fucker fuckying me! Pound me! Yes!

I buried into her as my phone blared in an alarm. It vibrated in my left hand. I plowed to the hilt in her and swiped the screen to unlock it. The App was open with big, red letters flashing across the screen. 

JEALOUS HUSBAND APPROACHING

This was why I had kept a hold of my phone as the sliding glass doors banged open. Mr. Mayers, a tall and fit man in his forties with blond hair, marched out. He was the type of guy that ran marathons. His eyes fixed with outrage at me. He burst into a run.

What the fuck? he bellowed, murder in his eyes. Stop raping my wife, you fucking creep!

He's fuckying me, honey! whimpered the MILF as I tapped my phone. 

Make Nathan Mayers into a cuck? YES and No appeared. I smashed YES with my finger so hard, I could have cracked my screen. He stumbled to a halt just moments from slamming his fist into my face. He stood there as I slammed my cock back into his wife, blinking. Confused.

Oh, uh, you're clearly not raping her, he said, his cheeks growing red as I pumped away at his wife's bowels.

No, no, no, he's fuckedying my asshole with his biggie fucker and I wuvy it! whimpered Mrs. Mayers, her asshole clamping down on my dick.

Easiest 20 Bimbo Crystals I had ever spent. I was down to 108, but I didn't care. This was just awesome to fuck his wife before him. I pounded her anal sheath as he stared down at us, his cock swelling in his slacks.

Damn, that's good, I groaned, fucking his wife's ass. God, she's tight. Do you ever fuck her asshole, Mr. Mayers?

Yeah, he said as I pumped away at his wife's bowels. She loves anal!

I wuvy it oh, so much! she moaned, her asshole clamping down on my cock pumping away at her. Ooh, ooh, and it's so wuvy with a biggie dick! Ooh, ooh, he's got a hugey fucker, hunny! Just so hugey and biggie and thickie!

I groaned as I fucked her asshole hard, savoring pounding the slut-wife before her husband. I rammed into the bimbo-MILF's with hard strokes. I thrust to the hilt in her anal sheath, loving how she squeezed around me. 

She gripped me with that amazing flesh. Her velvety sheath held me in just the right way. It was a fantastic delight to fuck her bowels. I plowed into her with force. I buried to the hilt in her again and again. It was an incredible rush to take her before her husband.

I tossed my phone onto my jeansI didn't need it any longerand slid my hands up her boobs. I grabbed her breasts and squeezed them. I massaged them as I pumped away at her asshole, reveling in how soft her tits were. 

Just so much fun to play with.

Biggie dickie in my butt! moaned Mrs. Mayers. I wuvy a biggie dickie in my butt!

You hear that? I grunted to her husband as I fucked her bowels hard and fast. I plowed to the hilt in her anal sheath. She loves my big dick!

Yeah, her husband said, massaging his cock through his pants like a good cuckold.

I thrust into her anal sheath. I reveled in her cunt squeezing around my dick. I shuddered, savoring that hot asshole around my cock. I fucked into her bowels hard and fast. I thrust into her asshole, reveling in that wonderful hole around my dick.

She massaged me with her delicious flesh. I savored every second of fucking her. I loved every last moment of pounding her. It was Such a thrill to fuck her before her pathetic husband. To make this MILF mine.

Shit, shit, shit, I groaned, massaging Mrs. Mayers's big boobs. Mmm, your wife is going to cum so hard on my dick!

So hardy hard! squealed the bimbo-MILF. I wuvy dovey his biggie fucker! It's so awesomey in me! Yay! Gonna cummy on him! Ooh, ooh, Nathan, I'm gonna cummy on him so hardy!

Good, he groaned, squeezing his cock through his slacks.

I ignored him massaging his dick like that as I pumped away at her bowels. I fucked her anal sheath with force. I thrust to the hilt in her bowels over and over again, the pressure in my nuts growing. Her flesh swelled the ache at the tip of my cock.

I ached to cum in her. I drove into her bowels over and over again. I fucked her hard and fast. I loved the way she squeezed down on me. I savored how delicious it was to bury into her bowels again and again. It was fantastic.

Ooh, ooh, that's so goody! she moaned. I wuvy being fucked by your biggie fucker! Eric! Eric! I wuvy you!

I love you, too, slut! I growled. God, you're my bimbo-whore!

Yay! she squealed, her anal sheath squeezing down on me. 

It was so very awesome to bugger her before her husband. I loved it so much. I savored pounding her. She moaned, clamping her bowels down on my dick. I savored that delight. I fucked her anal sheath hard and fast. I plowed into her again and again.

It was an incredible rush to fuck her like this. I thrust into her anal sheath with force. I buried my cock over and over into her bowels. She squeezed her asshole down around me, moaning louder and louder. Her head tossed.

Cummies! she squealed. Ooh, ooh, such big cummies! Yay!

Her asshole convulsed around my dick.

I groaned, squeezing her big boobs as I pumped away at her bowels. I savored the way her flesh spasmed around me. She suckled at me with such passion. I shuddered, savoring every moment of her bowels spasming around me. 

Fuck! I groaned and buried my cock into the bimbo-wife's asshole. 

I erupted.

I pumped blast after blast of my cum into her anal sheath. I flooded her with my cum. I spurted over and over again. I flooded her bowels with blast after blast of my cum. I erupted again and again. I groaned as I flooded her asshole with all my jizz.

Shit, I groaned as I pumped her anal sheath full of my cum. Oh, shit, that's good!

Goody greaty good! squealed the MILF, her anal sheath writhing around my cock.

I kneaded her boobs as her bowels suckled at my erupting dick. I pumped my cum into her hot anal sheath. It was such a delicious moment to have her bowels massaging my shaft. I groaned, the pleasure slamming into my mind again and again.

I reveled in this. I loved every second of pumping her bowels full of cum. I loved this passion. It was a wonderful moment. I savored every last second of filling her bowels with my spunk. I reveled in this moment. Stars flashed across my vision.

Shit, shit, shit, I groaned as I pumped the last blast of cum into her bowels. I shuddered, savoring that delight. I filled her anal sheath up. Fuck, your wife has a great ass.

She does, Mr. Mayers panted.

Does she ever suck your dick clean after you fuck her asshole? I asked as I slid my cock out of her bowels. I rose to my feet, my naked toes flexing in the grass.

He shook his head. She'd never do something that degrading.

Mrs. Mayers, suck my dick clean of your ass right now, I commanded.

Okey-dokey, she said and turned around. I wuvy your biggie fucker oh, so muchy much! I'll suckey it all nice and clean!

Looks like she would for me then, I said, grinning.

His wife kissed the tip of my dirty dick. I shuddered at the softness of her lips on it. Then she flicked her tongue around it. A wave of heat washed through me from that naughty touch. It was perfect to feel sliding around my dick. Just what I needed. 

She moaned, Such a naughty hottie flavor! Yummy!

She swallowed my cock, her lips sliding over the crown off my cock. I savored her warm mouth engulfing the tip of my dick. Her cheeks hollowed as she suckled on me, polishing my pole clean of her asshole. She was so wicked. 

I groaned as she nursed on me. It was a fantastic delight to have her buffing my dirty dick clean. She swirled her tongue around my shaft and bobbed her head up and down my cock. Her husband watched with such envy, groping his cock through his slacks.

Mrs. Mayers worshiped my cock with her hot mouth and nimble tongue. She suckled with passion. I groaned at the force of her suckling. Pleasure shot down my shaft and soaked through my nuts. I loved every second of it. 

Fuck, that's good, I groaned. That's really, really good. Shit, yes. That's just perfect. She's really gobbling my knob. You see that?

He swallowed and nodded, his eyes so wide as he stared at his wife suckling on my dick. The naughty bimbo-MILF polished my pole with her hot tongue and plump lips. She bobbed her head, her auburn hair swaying around her face.

My nuts twitched, reveling in the pressure of her suckling. She nursed on me with such force. She bought me closer and closer to cumming. It was a wild time to have her working her mouth up and down my cock. She suckled at me with passion.

The pressure was incredible. A big smile spread on my lips as she worked her mouth up and down my cock. She loved me with passion. I savored what she did to me. I groaned, loving this so much. She knew what she was doing.

She worked her mouth up and down my cock. She suckled on me with all that passion. I savored every second of her sucking on me. She nursed with passion on my cock. I loved building and building toward my orgasm.

Goddamn, look at your wife loving my dick, I groaned.

I am, Mr. Mayers said. She's... really into it!

So fucking into it! I groaned. Goddamn, she's just a slut for it. Wow, that's good. That's really, really good!
She winked at me as she danced 
her tongue around my cock. The bimbo-MILF swelled the ache at the tip of my dick. I shuddered, the pressure building. My nuts twitched as she loved me. I slid my hand through her short bob of auburn hair.

I gripped a fistful as I hurtled toward my orgasm. She nursed on me with everything that she had. She loved me with that hot mouth. It was a fantastic treat to have her suckling on me like that. It was perfect. Just what I needed.

Shit, shit, shit, I groaned. Wow, you're driving me wild. I'm going to dump my cum into your mouth.

She moaned around my dick, suckling so hard.

Do it, her husband panted. Cum in her mouth!

Yes! I panted as she suckled hard. I gripped her hair and growled, Get ready, you cock-gobbling slut! Oh, fuck, your mouth is incredible. Keep nursing so hard... Fuck!

I erupted into her mouth. My cum spurted over and over into the MILF's warm, wet mouth. My back arched as the pleasure slammed through me. Ecstasy crashed into my mind. My thoughts reeled from the ecstasy.

I reveled in every second of this heat. I loved every moment of the passion surging through me as I dumped my cum into her mouth. She gulped it down while her cuckold watched. I shuddered with each spurt of cum. 

Shit, shit, shit, I groaned. Oh, damn, that's good. That's so good. Shit, that's amazing!

I erupted again and again. I pumped her mouth full of my jizz. She swallowed it all down, moaning as she did. I shuddered through the pleasure. Ecstasy slammed into my mind. My thoughts reeled from how fantastic this felt.

Damn, I groaned. Oh, damn, that's so good.

She suckled on my cock to nurse out the last spurt of my cum. It was wonderful to have her suckling with passion on me. I shuddered, my eyes rolling back in my head as she loved my cock. It was so amazing to have all that pleasure washing through me.

I panted as I dried up. My phone beeped as she kept sucking on me anyways. I pulled my cock out of her mouth with a wet plop. She whimpered as I did that, my cum dripping down her chin. I had overflowed her mouth.

Nice.

I snagged my phone and saw she had leveled up. I knew what I wanted to give her, DP Lover Bimbo. I wanted to make her a Yoga Bimbo at Level 3. I couldn't wait for that moment. I turned around to her husband, a thought bursting into my mind.

So, Mr. Mayers, who's your best friend? I asked.

Hank, he said without hesitating.

I grinned. Call him over here to fuck your wife with me. She likes having a dick in both her holes.

I do! whimpered Mrs. Mayers, wiggling her hips. My cum dripped down her thighs and coated her butt-crack. I wanna have biggie fuckers in my pussy and my assyhole! I wuvy it so much! I just know it'll be oh, so much fun!

Okay, Mr. Mayers said. He pulled out his phone and swiped the screen. In moments, he held it to his ear. Uh, hey, man, can you come over? A pause. Yeah, right now. It's important. Why? Uh, well, so you can fuck my wife.

WHAT? I heard that answer loud and clear as Mr. Mayers winced.

I mean it, man. I want you to come over and fuck my wife with her... He glanced at me.

Owner.

With her owner, he said. That kid, Eric, that's always watching her doing yoga. He owns her now, and he wants you to fuck her with him.

Yes, yes, I want to have your biggie fucker in me, Hank! Mrs. Mayers squealed. I heard you have a biggie dickie! Really stretched my friend out when you were dating her! Please, please, please, come over and fucky me!

So you'll be right over? Mr. Mayers asked, sounding eager. Well, he was a cuckold. Great man. That's really great. Okay. Cool. He hung up the phone and glanced at me. He'll be here in a few minutes. He doesn't live far away. It sounds like he's always wanted to fuck my wife.

Of course he does! Mrs. Mayers squealed as she stood. I'm such a hottie wife with big boobies and a plumpy booty and a tighty cunty and I'm just perfecty perfect!

I slapped her on the ass. She jumped and giggled, a red handprint blossoming.

I grabbed her rump and pulled my newest MILF to me. I headed to the open sliding glass doors and headed into the Mayers' house for the first time, her husband trailing after us. My cock was so hard. Just so ready to give this MILF what she craved: two dicks in her.

She would be another bimbo whore. 

I moved us into the living room and decided to fuck her sitting on the couch and having her ride my dick. I glanced at the cum on her face and squeezed her rump. She smiled at me, her eyes dazzling with delight.

Go wash your face, I said. You have cum on your lips!

Ooh, yummy! she squealed and darted for the bathroom, more of my jizz leaking down her thighs. I had over filled her pussy.

I sank onto the couch as I heard her in the downstairs bathroom. The faucet turned on. The doorbell rang a moment later. Mr. Mayers darted to the door and opened it. A stouter, middle-aged man stood there with brown hair graying in spots. He was Mr. Mayers's age but didn't keep in as good shape.

So, uh, you're really going to have me fuck your... Hank's words trailed off as Mrs. Mayers bounded naked out of the bathroom and rushed over to me. His jaw dropped as he watched her big boobs bouncing. Holy shit!

I washedy my face, Eric! the MILF said as she straddled me on the couch. See!

Her lips gleamed wet. I hadn't expected her to prove that she had cleaned her face by kissing me. Her lips melted on mine. I groaned as she kissed me with her passion. This was insane. My dick twitched beneath her as Hank watched on. 

Shit, I'm going to fuck your wife so hard, Hank said as he ripped off his blue-and-red striped polo shirt. He tossed that aside and shoved off the khaki slacks he wore. Oh, damn.

I broke the kiss with Mrs. Mayers. Her lips kissed at my cheek as I groaned, You fuck her ass while she rides my dick. She's going to love it. She loves cocks in both her holes.

Wuvy dovey it! she squealed as she bounced on me. Ooh, ooh, I want Eric's biggie fucker in my pussy and Hank's in my assyhole! No more wittle fuckers for me, Nathan! Just biggie dicks!

Yes, honey, groaned Mr. Mayers as his friend shoved off his boxers and his cock popped out. 
Mrs. Mayers shoved her hand between our bodies and grabbed my cock. She held me tight. I loved her raising my cock to her sloppy pussy lips. She pressed me right into her folds. I smiled as she plunged her twat down my dick, swallowing me with her hot flesh.

I groaned as in her big boobs bounced before my eyes. I buried my face into her soft boobs. I loved them around me. It was so hot having those soft mounds rubbing into my cheeks. I breathed in her delicious scent, a mix of salt, flowery perfume, and her tart cunt.

Damn, I am really about to fuck your wife's asshole, Hank said as he moved into position.

Please, please, fucky my assyhole with your biggie fucker! the bimbo-MILF moaned as she bounced on my lap, sliding her cunt up and down my cock. 

Fuck, I groaned at that wonderful massage.

Hank moved into position. She squirmed on my lap as he drilled against her anal ring. Her cunt clamped down on me while I just enjoyed being between her lush tits. She had such great boobs. Her moans grew louder and louder.

Fuck, fuck, fuck, groaned Hank. Oh, damn, I'm doing it. Shit, I'm sliding into your wife's asshole!

Yeah, Mr. Mayers said. I heard a chair creak as he sat down then a zipper rasp. In moments, I heard the sounds of him stroking his cock. 

I ignored that and just focused on his bimbofied wife's big boobs around my face. I rubbed my cheeks into them as she squealed in delight, her body shuddering. Hank fucked her. He rammed his cock into her bowels, his crotch slapping into her rump.

She squeezed her twat around my dick and slid her snatch up my cock. I groaned, loving the feel of her pussy gripping me like that. She held me tight with her cunt as she worked up my cock. Her hot flesh gripped me. It was an incredible rush to have her massaging me like that. It was fantastic.

She plunged down my dick. I loved how she took my dick like that. It was an incredible rush to have her massaging me like that. She gripped my cock with her wonderful flesh. She massaged me with it. I loved how she did that.

Fuck, I groaned. Oh, damn, that's really good.

Thanks, she moaned. I wuvy having your biggie fuckers in my holes! It's just so righty! So righty right! Yay!

She rode my cock, her big boobs jiggling around my face. She moaned as Hank fucked her asshole. We were both enjoying her body. Both loving what she did to us. It was a fantastic thrill to have her squeezing about me like that. I enjoyed it so much.

I pulled my face from between her tits, savoring this pleasure. It was an incredible rush having her hot cunt working up and down my cock. She massaged my dick with that hot twat while Hank fucked her bowels.

Yes, yes, yes, he groaned. Oh, I have wanted to fuck your wife's tight ass for some time! She's such a fucking cocktease!

Right! I groaned as that hot twat worked up and down my dick. She is. Such a fucking cocktease. She did yoga in the backyard knowing I was watching!

I knewy knew it! she moaned. Ooh, ooh, l wuvy making men all hard and achy and wanty to fuck me! I just never let them! I should've! Men need to fucky me!

Yes! Hank groaned, thrusting hard into her. I felt his strokes rocking her body. Her boobs jiggled as she plunged down my cock. Fuck, yes!

You do, honey, panted the cuckold as she jacked off to his wife being double-teamed.

Mrs. Mayers squealed in delight as she worked her cunt up and down my cock. She massaged me with her wonderful twat. I loved how great it was to have her cunt squeezing down around my dick. It was a fantastic treat to have her riding me.

She worked her cunt up and down my dick. She held me tight with her wonderful cunt. I savored how she gripped me. It was a thrill having her pussy massaging my dick. She massaged the crown of my cock as she enjoyed being double-fucked.

Ooh, ooh, two biggie fuckers fuckying me is the besty best! she moaned, her breasts bouncing before my eyes. Just keep hammering my bootyhole, Hanky wanky! Ooh, ooh, I wuvy it! And riding my owner's biggie fucker! She cupped my face and kissed me.

Her tongue thrust into my mouth.

She swirled it around. I loved that feeling. I savored it as she kissed me with passion. My heart pounded in my chest. I loved what she did to me so much. This was the life. I kissed her with passion, my tongue dancing with hers.

I loved this. I savored it so much. I flicked my tongue around in her mouth as she plunged her juicy cunt down my dick. She kissed me with passion, her fingers massaging my face. I groaned, my nuts tightening with this pleasure.

She broke the kiss and moaned, Oh, I'm gonna cummies on your biggie fuckers!

Cum on them, hunny! groaned her husband. Yes, yes, just cum on them!

I'm gonna cum so fucking hard! growled Hank as he hammered the bimbo-MILF's asshole.

I loved that. My cock throbbed in her pussy. I loved how she worked her pussy up and down my dick. She massaged me with that hot delight. I groaned, my cock twitching in her snatch. She gripped me, her hips working from side to side as she stirred her twat around me.

Her boobs heaved together as her head threw back. She plunged her cunt down my cock as Hank fucked her asshole. She squeezed her pussy around me while grinding her clit into my pubic bone. She squealed in delight.

Her cunt went wild.

Cummies! she gasped as her pussy suckled at my dick. Her cunt cream gushed out and soaked my balls while she quivered on me.

Holy shit, groaned Hank as he fucked her asshole. Holy fucking shit, she's going wild! Fuck! Take my jizz, Virginia! Take it!

Yes, she is taking it, I groaned, savoring that hot cunt writhing around my dick. Oh, yes, she is! Bimbo-slut gone wild!'
So wildly wild! she moaned, her twat suckling at my dick. The pressure hit the b
ursting point. 

I erupted. 

My cum fired into her pussy. I flooded her cunt with spurt after spurt of my jizz. It was a magnificent passion. I loved every second of this bliss. The heat rushed through me. I groaned, my heart pounding in my chest. 

I pumped blast after blast of cum into her pussy. Hank flooded her bowels, the bimbo-MILF squealing in delight. Her twat suckled at my cock. It was a fantastic moment to dump more and more of my cum into her cunt.

I enjoyed every second of that hot twat. It was an incredible rush to have all that pleasure rushing through me. I groaned, enjoying every last bit of this bliss. It was an outstanding rush to have all this bliss hurtling through me.

Damn, I groaned, erupting one last time into her snatch. Oh, damn, that's so good. That's just amazing.

It is, Hank groaned.

I leaned back there, just savoring this pleasure buzzing through me. The euphoria of this moment was outstanding. I was so glad to experience it. A big smile spread on my lips as I lay here. I shuddered, enjoying every second of this pleasure.

Damn, I groaned. Oh, damn, that's just perfect. I glanced at the husband who had cum, too, based on those wet stains on his shirt. I want you to take your wife to a bar and find guys to fuck her. Just pimp her out and bring her back to my place by... 2 AM.

Oh, sure, said Mr. Mayers.

Lots of big fuckers in my pussy and assyhole! Mrs. Mayers squealed, her cunt clenching around my dick.

I wanted to make money off her as some sort of whore. Maybe there would be something interesting with this path. And if not, I also wanted to speedrun her into being a Yoga Bimbo. I was so curious about that.

If she has a trench coat, grab that for her, I said as Mrs. Mayers slid off my dick. Hank had already pulled out of her and was just looking in awe. Then just pimp her out.

Yeah, said Hank. I'll come along. I could... use a drink. He stared at me. What the fuck did you do to them, kid?

Got ten grand? I asked. I wasn't giving the bimbo app out for cheap.

No. He frowned. Why?

Get ten grand, and I'll tell you how I did it. I stood and headed naked for the backyard.

I grabbed my pants and t-shirt. I put my jeans on before scrambling over the fence. I headed inside to Mom cooking dinner. She was humming away, such a good Mommy Bimbo who knew how to take care of the family.

Mrs. Juarez walked in as I was taking off my jeans. Tina was happily lying on the couch with her hands bound behind her back and her nurse cap perched on her head. Nearby, her mother nursed from my little sister's huge, lactating titties. Barbie was curled up taking a cute nap.

Welcome back, I told the gloryhole slut. She had been servicing men at the bar. Go get cleaned up.

Yes, mi hermosai, she cooed in her bimbo way. The Hispanic teacher rushed back 

Ooh, I have to go and be a stripper and give all the lappy dances! Mrs. Waters said, her lips coated in milk. She darted out the door.

I checked my phone now that Mrs. Juarez was back. She was nearly to Level 3 as was Barbie. She had made me $11,450. That translated into 286 crystals plus $10 credits left over. My new total was 394 Bimbo Crystals.

I checked how much I would need for Bimbo number 8. 

Fuck, I groaned at the number. 2187 Crystals. Did I want number eight? I had everyone in my personal life I wanted. I mean, there was that weather girl on Channel 4 with the red hair and big boobs. Maggie Storm. And a porn star might be fun.

Like Chloe Heart with that fresh face, glasses, and her heart-shaped ass. That would be fun. But it would take a lot of work, and having more bimbos than now... Did I really need more? I needed to figure out if I could turn the money my bimbos made into cash. I'd have to check with Mrs. Waters when she came back if I could just cash out.

Probably at a cost or something.

I thought about that as I nursed from my sister. Then Mom had dinner ready. It was a delicious meal. She really outdid herself with the healthy food. Lemon-herb chicken, steamed cauliflower with this wonderful vinaigrette sauce, and a salad that just was the best. I didn't know how Mom did it. 

She had advanced as a cook while a bimbo.

You deserve a reward, I told Mom. I'm going to let you ride my cock and cum in your pussy for that excellent dinner, Mom.

Ooh, ooh, thank you! she squealed as I rose, my dick hard. Barbie, Tina, and Cherry, do the dishes. I want it to be a good job! Mrs. Juarez, I'll be coming for your ass next.

They all chimed in as I led Mom to the living room. I sat down and smiled as she straddled me. She just slid her cunt down my cock when my phone rang. I shuddered at the feel of that hot pussy swallowing my dick.

My phone blared.

Fuck, I groaned as I grabbed it and said, Hello?

This is the little putz that owns my daughter? a voice growled. Because I'm getting her back. I want to trade for her.

To be continued...
