Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Bimbo App ~ Santa's Bimbofied Elves Chapter One: Santa Bimbofies His Sexy Helper
Summary: Santa bimbofies his bratty helper into being his bimbo-elf slut!
Keywords: MF MFF mc oral facial anal A2M wife cuck bodymod

Copywrite 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my beta reader!

Hank Oldman

My head pounded. It was another day in the mall parking lot. Another day as the Mall Santa. All the dumb Christmas decorations were set up before it to make Santa's Workshop. I sat in the tent on my chair in the jolly suit, padding beneath to make me look fat. A fake beard on, the cap. 

I needed a drink.

I hated this gig. It was a trap. Once I had all the stuff to do the Mall Santa gig, I had to keep doing it. The investment had to pay off. And I made money at it, I did. Mostly enough to keep me in booze through the year so I didn't have too much work besides it, but...

I wanted this day to be over. I wanted to go back to my trailer behind the tent and pound a few ones back, but instead, I had another kid on my knee. I put on the smile and breathed in deeply, mustering one more, Ho, ho, ho, and what do you want for Christmas, little girl?

The kid started babbling as I turned to the mother. Now here was the one real perk. The mothers. I was set up in a well-off part of town. The mall where the housewives of the rich and powerful dragged their kids to. Women who had great asses like the one I was staring at.

The brat's mom had an ass that poured into the jeans she wore. She was talking on the phone, her back to me. I stared at that heart-shaped rump being hugged by the denim. The woman had such a great ass. I loved the sight.

Goddamn, that was a woman I wanted to bend over. How long had it been since I had more than my hand?

Uh-huh, I said as the kid kept babbling about what she wanted for Christmas. Good choice.
She nodded energetically as I stared at her mom's rump. Damn, that was one fine woman. She had bleached-blonde hair. She turned to the side, letting me see the swell of her breasts in the tight crop top she wore. No jacket. It was a warm week in Southern California, so I was sweating like a hog.

Were those D cups? God, maybe Double D's. I'd love to have my face buried between them.

Yes, yes, sounds great, I said. Santa will see what he can do.

The mom had nice lips, too. Red and plump. Kissable lips. The tight that would feel great working up and down my dick. I bet she was sucking someone's cock. Maybe the pool boy's rod or the pilates instructor's shaft. Why not mine? That would

An elbow smacked into my ear. Pain erupted. I grunted and snapped my gaze up to Vivian, the nineteen-year-old girl who worked as my elf this year. She was in the green dress with the fur-line skirt and the candy-cane striped leggings. Her blonde hair hid her ears. She didn't wear the fake ones.
Will I get them all, Santa? the little girl asked.

If you're a good girl, I told her, putting on that jolly tone. Ho, ho, ho, if you're a good girl and do whatever your parents say, I'm sure you will.

The kid beamed at me. She was cute. She hopped off my lap and darted over to her mom. The woman glanced at me. She looked right through me before taking her kid's hand and leading her out while still talking on the phone.

God, she still had such a fine ass.

Hey, Vivian said, standing before me and leaning down to glare at me. Stop ogling the mothers and ignoring the kids!

The position let me see down her dress. Vivian had certain charmsit was why I hired her for the gig this year. Nice, big tits. They were definitely Double D's. She had such charms that I was enjoying staring at her while she glared at me.

Ugh, you're such a pig, Hank, she said, straightening up.

You're the one showing them off, I said. And I know every woman is aware when she's showing off the goods. You must want to.

I don't know why the fuck I'm still here, she muttered.

Desperate for cash? I suggested as she turned away, my eyes falling on her rump. I mean, with an ass that fine, you could be dancing around the North Pole.

Are you saying I should be a stripper? she demanded.

You got the tits and ass for it, I said, shrugging.

Four more weeks of this? she muttered. It was the first weekend after Thanksgiving. We opened up on Friday, and now it was Sunday. 

And we get to do it tomorrow, I told her. It'll be a slower day. You'll see.

Yeah, yeah, she said.

Any more kids with hot moms? I asked.

No. She stretched. Thank god.

Good, see you tomorrow. I rose and headed for the back of the tent. Get things closed up. I got to take a piss.

She muttered something under her breath. I didn't hear it as I opened the door to my trailer and climbed inside. Empty beer cans abounded. I stepped on one as I ripped off the jacket and tossed it down. I peeled off the fat suit, losing the fake beard and hat in the process. I ran a hand over my scraggly whiskers. 

I opened the trailer's refrigerator. I was getting power from the mall. I grabbed a cold one and cracked the can. I sat down on my chair before my laptop. I went to my favorite site, PornHub. I had that MILF in my mind.

I drank the beer as I shoved my hand down my pants. I found a video with a woman sitting on Santa's lap. It was very inspiring. I stroked my cock and sipped my beer. The stress of the day, and that damned headache, faded away. 


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I snorted awake to a throaty moan of, Yes, yes, yes, Santa!

I blinked as I looked around for the woman who could be moaning like that. I'm Santa, I muttered. You want...

I realized it was my laptop. I had fallen asleep with it auto-playing porn. I blinked to the sight of a busty woman bent over and getting reamed from behind by a guy in a fake beard and a Santa cap. The woman had blonde hair and fake titties.

Like that hot wife from today.

Damn, I groaned, not sure of the time. I wanted to fall back asleep.

My phone chimed with a notification. I grunted and grabbed it, half expecting to see a text from Vivian that she quit. It happened. I usually went through two or three elven helpers. I had others on backup. I ranked them from hottest to ugliest.

I swiped my phone and saw a new one from The Bimbo App ~ Mall Santa Edition.

What? I muttered and clicked on the notification.

Congratulations, you've been selected to try out The Bimbo App Mall Santa Edition. Want to have hot elves prancing around you? Desire hot moms sitting on your lap? Collect 3 Bimbo Elves to unlock a special perk.

The fuck? 

A moment later, the screen loaded the app. It was like I could take a picture. I moved my phone around, confused. It wasn't doing anything. It promised to make bimbos? I didn't get it. I had 3 Bimbo Candy Canes in the corner and a help icon.

I clicked that.

Aim your phone at a woman you want to bimbofy and tap the screen. If you have enough Bimbo Candy Canes, you can make her your bimbo. Your first is free. Have fun, Santa!

What the fuck was this?

I leaned back on my chair and closed my eyes to think about it. Bimbos... Bimbos... 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

BANG! BANG! BANG!

The loud pounding on my trailer door snapped me awake. I grunted and blinked. I was sitting on my chair. I grabbed my phone and swiped the screen to see if I had any notifications. Instead, it was opened onto the camera app. Why would it...

No, no, it was that strange app that was talking about making women into bimbos. And getting three Bimbo Elves to have hot wives sitting on my lap or something. That was a fantasy that wouldn't ever happen in real life. 

Still... 

BANG! BANG! BANG! 

Wake your drunk ass up, Hank! Vivian shouted. 

That shrew. I grunted, my head throbbing and my stomach rumbling. I stumbled to the door of the trailer, gripping my phone. I opened it up to find Vivian standing there in her elf outfit. She was wearing... a shirt beneath it to cover up her cleavage. It was green, but that was rude of her.

God, you're fucking just wearing your underwear, she said. Take a shower, we open soon.

Right, right, I said and aimed my phone at her. The moment it was at her, a button appeared on the screen. BIMBOFY. I clicked it.

Do you want to bimbofy Vivian Keller? appeared on the screen along with the YES and NO buttons. She scowled at me as I aimed my phone at her. She crossed her arms beneath her breasts, such disgust on her face.

I'm so done with this job, she said. Find some bimbo to do it! I'm not going to be ogled by you, dick! 

Another bimbo... I grinned. Why not you? I clicked YES.

The anger and loathing melted away from her. Her outfit rippled. I blinked as her one-piece dress became a two-piece outfit. A fur-lined boob tube that hugged her big breasts and a matching, green miniskirt that barely covered her ass. Her candy-cane-striped leggings became thigh-high stockings, and her white tennis shoes with black, heeled boots. A look of empty-headed joy appeared on her face while... pointed ears thrust out of her blonde hair.

Not the cheap prosthetic she refused to wear. Those were real pointed ears.

The fuck, I said.

I love fucks! Vivian said. Ooh, Santa, do you need your sexy wexy elfy helper to fucky you? Huh, huh? I lovey it so much! I wanna share all your Christmas cheer.

She bounced up and down before me, her tits heaving in her top. Those tits had almost popped out of her. That was just such a wild thing to see. Her nipples poked against the thin material. It was just such a hot rush. My dick went hard. 

I rubbed at my cheek only to find that I had a thick, white beard. That was different. Did I forget to take off my fake? No, no, that was a real one. When did that grow? I didn't know, but my cock was so hard in my boxers.

Ooh, ooh, I wanna suckley on Santa's candy cane! squealed Vivian. My elf-bimbo dropped to her knees and yanked down my boxers. Mmm, I wanna drink all of Santa's Christmasy cheer right from his biggie candy cane!

She swallowed my cock.

I groaned as she engulfed my dick in her hot mouth. Vivian stared up at me, her blue eyes sparkling. The fuzzy tassel at the end of the green cap she wore on her head bounced as she bobbed her head. She worked her mouth up and down my cock.

Holy shit, I groaned. Ho, ho, ho, that's a good elf. Just suck on Santa's big dick. Was my cock bigger, too? God, I felt so strange.

She worked her mouth up and down my cock. She suckled on my dick with such hard nurses. It was a wild rush to have her doing that. She worked her mouth up and down my dick. It was a fantastic rush to have her doing that.

She suckled on me with force. Her cheeks hollowed as she created such powerful suction. She worked on me with that wonderful mouth of hers. I loved it. I savored that delight. This was where it was at. It was a fantastic rush to have my bimbo bobbing her head.

I glanced at the screen and saw her photo was on the screen. She was a Level 1 Bimbo Elf. I shuddered, savoring the feel of her nursing on my cock with such hunger. She slobbered on me with passion.

I loved the way she swirled her tongue around my cock. She made me feel amazing. I savored that heat so much. It was a wonderful thrill to have her sucking on me like that. I shuddered, my heart pounding in my chest. 

Fuck, yes, I groaned. Damn, that's good. Just keep nursing on me like that. You're going to have me spurting my cum into your mouth! Ho, ho, ho!

She squealed around my cock and suckled with such noisy passion on my dick. I loved that so much. She had a wild mouth. Just a wicked way of sucking on me. I loved every second of her sucking on me like that. She bobbed her mouth with hunger.

It was a wonderful treat to have her nursing on me. Vivian suckled like an abject slut on my dick. She nursed on me with passion. I loved how she worked that hot mouth down my dick only to suckle hard as she went back up.

That's it, I groaned. You're just Santa's dirty elf!

She moaned around my cock as she suckled on me with such passion. I loved the feel of her mouth working up and down my dick. Her tongue danced around me. It felt incredible having her suckling on me like that. She had a wild mouth.

Damn, I groaned. Oh, damn, that's good. Shit, that's just fantastic.

She nursed on me with passion. She suckled on me with that hot mouth. Her tongue danced around my cock. She drove me nuts. I loved how she worked that hot tongue around my dick and drove me wild with her sucking.

My nuts tightened with the load that would flood her pussy. I shuddered, just wanting to erupt in her. It was such a hot delight to have her nursing on my cock with such passion. I groaned out loud, savoring how amazing her hot mouth was.

Damn, that's it, I groaned. Fuck, that's just amazing. Keep sucking on me like that. I'm going to blow in your mouth! Such a dirty elf! Santa loves it! Ho, ho, ho!

She moaned her delight as she did just that. She suckled on my cock with passion. I loved that heat sweeping through me. It was an awesome rush to have her loving my cock like that. Vivian worshiped me as she blew me.

I stared at her pointed ears. They twitched. I pulled back her blonde hair to expose them fully. They were real. She had pointed ears now. I stroked her ear and she moaned around my cock. I couldn't believe that. It was so hot.

She nursed with such passion on my cock. My eyes rolled back in my head. It was fantastic to have her suckling on me like that. This was just such a hot moment. I rose toward that amazing climax. I shuddered as I hurtled toward cumming.

Ho, ho, ho, I groaned. Big moans came from my belly. I threw back my head and erupted.
My cum flooded her mouth. I erupted over and over into the bimbo-elf's mouth. My sexy helper gulped down my jizz with such eagerness. I loved dumping my cum into Vivian's mouth. She was such a delight.

Just a wonderful thrill to have her gulping down my cum. I loved every last moment of this heat surging through me. I grunted and groaned as I pumped my cum into her mouth. She swallowed every last drop of it.

Such a slutty elf for Santa! I groaned as she nursed out the last of my cum.

My phone buzzed in my hand. I shuddered as Vivian kept sucking on my dick. I loved her nursing on me like that. I held up my phone and saw a new notification on the screen that read, You have unlocked Level 1 with your first Bimbo Elf. Bigger cock and a real beard are your perks! Find out what Level 2 is with your second elf!

Fuck, I muttered. I did have a bigger cock. That was amazing.

Vivian ripped her mouth off my cock and moaned, Ooh, ooh, that was so yummy nummy. She patted her flat, tanned stomach. I lovedy your salty Christmasy cheer, Santa! Ooh, ooh, I lovey it, but now I'm all wetty and hottie and itchy in my pussy! My elfy cunty is all naughty, Santa!

Oh, no, I said, staring at my chair. Sit down on Santa's chair and let him eat out that cunt! I bet you taste good, Vivian!

Yay! she squealed and bounced to her feet, her big boobs nearly heaving out of the fur-lined boob tube she wore. 

She darted to the chair on her heeled boobs and sat down. She spread her legs wide. I walked past her and noticed that there was a new part of my tent that read, Children's play area. When did that get installed?

I moved around my chair and groaned. Vivian's skirt was so short, her pussy was on full display with her legs draped over the armrests. S
he had a shaved twat, her pink cuntlips parted so that I could just dive right in and feast on her.
I fell to my knees and licked my lips. My beard rubbed on her thighs as I leaned in. I groaned and kissed her right on the pussy. The spicy taste of her pussy soaked my lips. My beard rasped over her shaved vulva as I ate her barely legal pussy.

Oh, yay, I lovey Santa's beardy! she moaned, her thighs squeezing around my head. Ooh, ooh, Santa is lickeying my pussy wand rubbing his scratchy beard into my naughty twaty! Yay! Yay! Merry Christmasy!

Merry Christmas, I groaned and licked at her cunt again.

It was so delicious eating her muffin. I lapped at her pussy with hunger, my tongue flicking through her folds. She groaned as eat her out. Her boobs jiggled in her top while her head tossed. I loved how the tips of those ears wiggled.

What the fuck was going on? Was this some messed-up Christmas magic? Had all the porn I watched rotted my brain and this was just my mental break? If it was, her cunt was delicious. So spicy. I could eat her out all day long.

I thrust my tongue into her twat and shoved my hands up her body. I grabbed her top and shoved it up and over her boobs. Her perky Double D's spilled out. They were so delicious, topped by her pink nipples. She giggled and grabbed them. 

Boobies, Santa! She smiled down at me. Elvish boobies! Yay!

Yeah, elvish boobies, I groaned. Ho, ho, ho! I kept saying that. I couldn't stop.

I thrust my tongue into her pussy and swirled it around in her snatch. I flicked about in her, loving the way she gasped as I did that. She quivered as my tongue flicked through her folds. She trembled in delight as I devoured her twat with hunger.

My tongue wiggled around in her snatch. I loved the way she squeezed her pussy down around my tongue. It was so much fun to have her groaning. She squeezed her thighs around my head and humped her pussy into my beard.

She soaked my whiskers with her pussy juices as I licked at her. I loved the scratchy sound as my beard rasped over her pussy. She gasped and shuddered, my tongue licking at her snatch. She was such a hot treat to devour.

Ooh, ooh, she moaned, her hips wiggling from side to side. Santa's whiskery beard is so naughty on my twaty! I lovey it!

Yes, you do, I groaned. Such a dirty elf for Santa. Ho, ho, ho!

So dirty wirty! she gasped. Giggles burst from her mouth. I'm Santa's slutty elfy helper whore!

I thrust my tongue deep into her pussy. I whirled it around in her snatch. I loved the taste of her. How she groaned and gripped my head with that hot twat. It was an amazing delight to have her shuddering against me. I licked at her with hunger. I tongued her with passion. I had to make her explode. I wanted to have her bursting with her orgasm.

I licked at her cunt with hunger. I stroked my tongue through her folds. She shuddered as I did that. She whimpered as my tongue flicked over her folds. I lapped at her with all that I had. She shuddered, her boobs jiggling.

Santa's so naughty wotty! the bimbo-elf gasped. Ooh, ooh, that's such North Pole goodiness! I lovey it, Santa!

I flicked my tongue to her clit and danced around it. Her boobs bounced as she quivered in my chair. Her moans echoed around my tent. I suckled on her bud. I wanted her to drown me in her cum. I wanted to fuck her pussy next.

My cock ached to pound this young cunt. Nineteen-year-old pussy. I was so ready to slam into her snatch and fuck her hard. I nursed on her clit as she squealed in delight. Her head threw back, the tasseled end of her cap bouncing along her cheek.

Santa! Vivian gasped. Ooh, ooh, Santa's! I lovey you so much! I'm your hottie helper! Yay!

She bucked and shuddered. Her cunt cream gushed out and flooded my mouth. I groaned as I licked up her juices. Here spicy cream soaked my beard. She drenched me as I drank down her flood of cream. It was a wonderful thrill.

I licked my tongue through her cunt. I lapped at her with hunger. I flicked my tongue through her folds as she squirmed against me. Her passion echoed through the air. It was a hot delight to drink her pussy cream.

Santa, you're the bestest best! she squealed. Merry Christmasy cummies!

Fuck, yes, I groaned and rose, my cock thrusting hard before me. I bet you want to get fucked by Santa's big dick because you've been a naughty elf, ho, ho, ho!

So naughty wotty for you Santy Claus! she moaned, her eyes staring at my cock, her spread-open pussy begging for me to pound into her.

I draped myself over her and thrust my cock into her snatch. I buried to the hilt in her cunt. Her hot twat engulfed my dick. She gasped, her legs gripping my waist. I loved the way that she held me tight. It was an incredible rush to have that hot cunt around my dick.

Damn, I groaned. Oh, damn, that's good.

So goody, Santa! she moaned. Ooh, ooh, it's such a Merry Jerry Christmasy Day! I have Santy Claus's biggie dick in me!

Yes, you do, I groaned, savoring her tight cunt around my dick. I drew back my dick, loving the silky grip of her pussy. She was so tight. Just such a hot delight to have her pussy wrapped around my dick. Ho, ho, ho!

I buried to the hilt in her snatch. I fucked deep and hard into her pussy, reveling in that wonderful delight. It was just so amazing to have her gripping me. She held me tight as I pumped away at her with such heat. It was just so hot to fuck her.

To have made her into my bimbo-elf. She gripped my dick with her hot cunt. It was so wonderful to have her pussy gripping me. I pounded her hard and fast, my nuts slapping into her taint. She gasped and moaned.

Her arms went around my neck. She pulled me down and kissed me, my wet bread rubbing into her face. She kissed me with passion as I fucked her twat. Her lips were so nice on mine. She giggled and broke the kiss.

Santa, your whiskery beard is so tickle lickle! she moaned.

Tickle lickle? God, you're such a fucking bimbo-elf!

Yep! She squeezed her cunt around me. I'm a fuckeying bimbo-elf being fuckyed by Santy Claus and his huge dick!

Those words were so hot to hear. Huge dick. I had a huge dick fucking her barely legal cunt. I pounded the bimbo elf hard as she held me tight, her big boobs rubbing into my chest. I loved the feel of those Double D's on me.

I thrust into her snatch again and again. I fucked her with force, reveling in that hot twat gripping me. She squeezed down on me with passion. I buried into her pussy, the pressure growing and growing in my balls. I would be giving her a huge Christmas gift.

Just pump my large load into her pussy. My bimbo-elf hugged me tight. She rubbed her face into my beard, giggling in delight as my whiskers rustled over her. It was so wild to have her doing that. I loved it so much.

Ooh, ooh, Santy Claus's whiskery beard and biggie cock are the bestest best! she moaned. You fucky me all the time. I'm your fucky bimbo-elf slut!

God, yes, I groaned. And I'm going to pump you full of my Christmas cheer!

Yay! she squealed, her cunt squeezing down on my cock. 

I nearly burst from that hot friction. She had such a juicy snatch. She held my cock as I fucked into her hard and fast. I drilled into her snatch again and again. I fucked into her twat, the need to cum brimming at the tip of my dick.

I grunted with each thrust as the bimbo-elf clung to me. She held me tight as I pumped away at her. I fucked her with force. I reveled with each thrust into her hot twat. I wanted to make her explode. Just burst with delight. 

Santy Claus! she moaned as I buried my cock into her pussy. Merry Christmasy Cummies!

Her pussy convulsed around my cock. It was a hot delight to have her pussy rippling and writhing around my dick. I loved the way she spasmed around me. She had such a hot snatch. She suckled at me. It was an outstanding delight.

Fuck! I groaned as the pressure burst in me. Merry Christmas!

I erupted into my bimbo-elf.

Santy Claus's cummies! she squealed, her pussy writhing around my cock. Ooh, ooh, such hottie Christmasy cheer!

I grunted with each spurt of jizz into her twat. I filled Vivian's pussy with my spunk. I shuddered on her, loving her hot twat rippling around me. My bimbo-elf moaned, hugging me tight with her arms and legs as I pumped her womb full of my seed.

Blast after blast of my cum pumped into her snatch. I grunted with each eruption onto her twat. The ecstasy erupted through me. I loved how great it was having all that bliss sweeping through me. Stars danced across my vision.

Santy Claus! Santy Claus! Santy Claus! squealed Vivian, the bimbo-elf's ears twitching. I lovey it oh, so muchy much! Fill me with your Christmasy cummies!

I did. I pumped her cunt full of my Christmas jizz. I spurted over and over into her pussy, my mind reeling from the ecstasy. I felt so great flooding her with my spunk. It was such a rush having all that jizz spurting into her snatch.

Damn, I groaned and erupted one last time. My body buzzed with euphoria. So much of that bliss swept through me. I felt fantastic. Ho, ho, ho, you're such a bimbo-slut!

I am! Vivian beamed at me. She rubbed her face into my beard, her pussy rippling around my dick for a few more moments. Ooh, ooh, I lovey having all your Christmasy cheer in me.

Bet you want more, I said, still horny. I pulled out of her. She shuddered, her legs spreading wide again. Her legs looked incredible in those candy-cane-striped thigh-highs. My cum dripped out of her pussy. Yeah, you want to bend over Santa's Toy Box and get fucked in the ass.

Ooh, ooh, I do! she moaned.

She darted over to an ornamental chest that looked festive. Part of the props I had for the place. She draped over it and wiggled her rump, her skirt barely covering her ass. Her sloppy cunt was on full display between her tanned thighs.

I smiled and moved to her. I dropped to my knees and flipped up her skirt. She had a tan ass. Nude sunbathing. I approved. I pressed my cock into her butt-crack. I slid it down to her asshole. I loved that naughty feeling.

I haven't fucked a girl in the ass in twenty years, I groaned.

I'm an elf! she squealed. A bimboy-elf that fucks only Santy Claus's big dick.

That's fucking right! I growled and thrust against her sphincter.

My pussy-lubed dick drilled against her anal ring. She squealed in delight, her head tossing. The tasseled end of her cap swayed behind her. Her ears twitched as her asshole spread wider and wider to take my big dick. I loved the feeling of her sphincter slowly swallowing the tip of my dick.

I pushed harder against her. She trembled as her anal ring devoured my cock. I popped into her bowels. I loved sliding into her asshole. I savored that hot sheath engulfing my dick. She moaned as I pushed deeper and deeper into her.

Ooh, ooh, I've never done analy before! she gasped. It's so awesomey. A really Christmasy delight!

Fucking right it is, I groaned as I sank into her. Every bimbo-elf has to be sodomized by Santa.

Yes, yes, yes! 

I loved how dumb she was. How she accepted whatever I wanted. I bottomed out in my bimbo-elf's asshole. God, didn't even have to pay her any longer. She was mine. I owned her. She was my bimbo thanks to that impossible app.

If this was a Christmas miracle, then it was the fucking best around. I was so glad that I had been given this chance to have it. That I was a Mall Santa. Finally, this dumb gig had paid off. I gripped her hips as I savored having my cock all the way in her ass.

The bimbo-elf moaned as I drew back my cock. I pulled my dick back until I almost popped out of her asshole. Then I rammed back into her. I buried to the hilt in her anal sheath. Her butt-cheeks jiggled from the impact.

Ooh, ooh, all your cummies are running down my thighs, Santy Claus! she whimpered, her asshole gripping my dick. And I want more Christmasy cummies! That's all the reward a bimboy-elf needs!

Cum in her asshole? I grunted as I fucked away at her anal sheath.

And my pussy and my mouth and my face and my tits and everywhere Santy Claus shoots it!

I loved this. I could pay her like this every day for the rest of my fucking life. I thrust away hard into her cunt. I drilled into her asshole with force, reveling in her hot sheath gripping me. It was a wonderful experience to have her holding me like that.

I loved it so much. I savored that hot grip around my dick. I fucked in her bowels with such force. It was a hot rush to have all that bliss melting down my cock and swelling the pressure in my nuts. A big smile spread on my lips.

I fucked deep and hard into her bowels. I pounded her with force. I loved how she gasped out with passion. It was such a hot rush to have her groaning like that. I buried to the hilt in her again and again. I loved what I did to her. It was such a hot passion. I plunged deep and hard into her bowels.

Santy Claus! Santy Claus! she gasped. I lovey it up my ass! I'm such a naughty goody bimboy-elf, aren't I?

Just the naughtiest, I groaned. 

And goodiest? she whimpered, her anal sheath gripping my cock.

Damn straight, I growled. Just enjoy that hard cock fucking your asshole. That's your reward. Ho, ho, ho!

Thank you spank you, Santy Claus! she gasped as her bowels squeezed about my dick.

I loved her gripping me with that hot sheath. I savored her delicious sheath. It was such a wonderful rush. It was just a fantastic thrill to plow into her bowels. I fucked her with everything that I had. I loved that amazing sheath.

She squeezed around me. She held me tight with that fantastic asshole. I groaned with each thrust into her backdoor. My nuts slapped into her taint as she wiggled her hips back and forth. It was so hot just having her gripping me.

My bimbo-elf tossed her head, her cap's tasseled end swishing back and forth. I loved watching that fuzzy ball dance as I drifted back and forth. I slid my hands around her body and found her big boobs. I squeezed those as I fucked her.

Ooh, ooh, Santy Claus! she moaned as I kneaded her tits. Play with my elfy boobies! Yay!

Santa loves your big boobies, I groaned, squeezing them. They felt so soft in my hands. Soft yet perky. I pounded the nineteen-year-old bimbo-slut in the ass, loving holding her lovely breasts. 

I squeezed those lush tits as I fucked her anal sheath hard and fast. I pounded her with such force. It was an incredible rush to bury into her again and again. I loved how great she felt around my cock. I pounded her with force.

I'm gonna cummy on Santy Claus's biggie dick! she moaned. She threw a look over her shoulder, her blue eyes sparkling.

You better, I groaned, fucking her tanned ass hard. My hands squeezed her tits. I want to feel your ass going wild around my dick, bimbo-elf!

Yesy sir, Santy Claus! she said with such seriousness ruined by her empty-headed delight. Ooh, ooh, Santy Claus's biggie dick fucking my assyhole! So goody great!

I pumped away at her, the pressure rising in my balls. I slid my fingers up her breasts and found her nipples. I twisted those nubs. She gasped and clamped her bowels down around my cock. She squeezed down on me as I fucked her bowels with force. I pounded her snatch with everything that I had. I loved it so much.

I thrust deep and hard into her asshole. I fucked her with force, the pressure swelling in my balls. I was so close to bursting. I pinched her nipples. She gasped, her anal sheath clamping down on me as I played with her nipples.

Santy Claus! she howled as her asshole convulsed around my cock.

I reveled in her velvety bowels rippling around my dick. That a felt amazing. I buried into her and groaned, Ho, ho, ho!

I spurted my cum into her bowels. I flooded her anal sheath with my spunk. The pleasure slammed into my mind. I grunted, pinching her nipples as I basted her asshole with my jizz. She squealed around me, her flesh writhing about my cock.

I loved her suckling at me. It was a hot rush to have her nursing on me with that hot anal sheath. I groaned with each eruption. I savored each blast of jizz into her bowels. I savored that pleasure shooting through me.

Damn, I groaned.

Cummies in my buttyhole! she squealed.

So much! I panted as I kept erupting.

I felt like a million bucks as I dumped all the cum into her anal sheath. I filled her to the hilt with my cum, spurting again and again into her bowels. She suckled at me with that hot asshole. I erupted a final time, a final blast of euphoria firing through me.

Damn, I groaned, feeling just amazing. Goddamn, that's amazing.

It was oh, so muchy much, Santy Claus, cooed the bimbo. She threw a look over her shoulder, a big smile on her lips. Thank you oh so muchy much, Santy Claus!

You're welcome, I told her, feeling so fucking amazing.

Ooh, ooh, and I bet all the goody boys and girls with their hottie mommies are lining up, she said. You have to get ready, Santy Claus.

Yeah, yeah, I said. You're still a taskmaster, I see, Vivian.

A taskymaster bimboy-elf slut! she said as I drew my dick out of her bowels. I popped out, her tanned butt-cheeks clenching tight. She turned around and shoved down her top. Can't let the cutie kiddies see boobies. That's for adulty people. 

She snapped her fingers. I gasped as red swirled around me and I was suddenly garbed as Santa, minus the fat padding. I didn't mind that. She squealed and bounced up and down, her skirt barely covering anything. 

Okay, I said, blinking in surprise. She was a bimbo-elf. I supposed that made sense she had Christmas magic. Like any of this made sense. Get the first kid.

Okey-dokey! she squealed and darted for the opening of the tent.

I sat down on my chair, feeling amazing. I stared at my elf's ass as she wiggled it back and forth. Santy Claus is ready to see you, young man! Ooh, aren't you a cutie? You're gonna be a goody boy, right?

Sure, a kid with black hair said. He darted up and sat on my knee and started babbling about what he wanted. 

His mom came in after. I groaned at the sight of her in a pair of black yoga pants that hugged the curve of her hips. She had on a baby doll t-shirt that hugged her large breasts. Her black hair spilled around her head.

I'm going to capture them all! the kid said. I've done it all the games, and I can't wait to have the new ones. I want...

His words drifted off as he babbled about fucking Pokemon. I didn't give a fuck as I stared at his mom. I needed three elves. Why not her? She could be Santa's helper with those big tits. She looked up and smiled.

Where was my phone? I patted my coat pocket and found it in there. How convenient. I pulled it out and aimed it at the Mom. She blinked and smiled at it, dazzling me. She was in her early thirties. A sexy MILF. 

It cost me my 3 Bimbo Candy Canes I had been given with the App to make her into my second bimbo-elf. Her picture appeared on my phone and both she and Vivian leveled up to 2. Franny Lassiter appeared as her name while her body rippled. Her baby doll t-shirt and yoga pants vanished, replaced by her slutty outfit, a mirror to Vivian.

Franny had even bigger tits. They must be F-cups and were clearly fake, outlined by the green cloth hugging them. Her pointed ears now thrust out of her black hair. She giggled in delight and darted over to me.

Santy Claus! She cupped my face and kissed me on the bearded lips, her tongue thrusting into my mouth. 

Mom? her son asked, confused. He hopped off my knee.

A man entered in a gray suit. Uh... I was just in a meeting and... Hey, kid, uh, looks like Mom's an elf now, so... He took his son's hand. Uh, let's go.

Damn, this app was amazing. 

I made out with Franny. I kissed her with passion, my tongue dancing with hers. I loved the feel of her mouth on mine. It was a delight to make out with her. My beard raped on this hot wife bimbo-elf's mouth. It was so wild that she was mine.

Ooh, ooh, we're both bimboy-elves, squealed Vivian. 

Franny broke the kiss and bounced up and down before me on her heeled boobs, her big tits jiggling in her boob tube. We are! Let's sucky Santy Claus's dick together!

And he can showery us in his Christmasy cummies and coat our faces in all his cheerful jizzies! 

Both bimbo elves dropped to their knees and unfastened my red pants. They pulled my cock out together. I groaned as they licked at my dick together. Their tongues slid up my dirty rod. I shuddered as they cleaned my shaft of Vivian's asshole.

They reached the pinnacle and danced around the crown of my cock. That felt amazing. I groaned each time they lapped over my cock. It was a spectacular delight. I savored it so much. They bathed the crown of my cock in their saliva. It felt amazing.

Damn, I groaned as they licked me again.

Such a naughty wotty flavor, cooed Franny. The hot wife swallowed my cock. I knew she didn't do that for her husband. It was so hot owning her.

She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my dick. It was so hot having those two bimbos nursing on me. It was a fantastic rush to have her sucking on me. My toes curled in my boobs as that sexy wife nursed on my dirty dick.

I wanna sucky on him, too, whimpered Vivian. It's my dirty naughty flavor all over his biggie dick! Let me sucky on Santy Claus!

Franny popped her mouth off and Vivian happily engulfed my cock. The bimbo-elf suckled with delight, her blonde hair swaying around her flushed cheeks. They hollowed as she nursed on me. She loved me with such force. It was an amazing rush to have her sucking on me.

Just fantastic. A delight to have her sucking on me. I loved it so much. Her mouth was such a hot delight. She suckled on me with everything that she had. It was so awesome having her love me like that. 

Damn, I groaned, savoring the way her mouth suckled on me. She nursed hard.

My turny worny! whimpered the hot wife bimbo-elf.

Vivian popped her mouth off with a wet plop, her ears twitching. She passed me over to the hot wife who engulfed my cock. The black-haired bimbo-elf suckled hard on me. She nursed with passion, buffing my dick clean.

I groaned, savoring that delight. More moms with their kids were out there waiting to get in. I smiled, enjoying that delight. I savored having that hot mouth working up and down my dick. It was a hot delight to have her blowing me.

Ho, ho, ho, I groaned enjoying this passion. You two are going to get so much cum!

Yay! Vivian said.

Franny ripped her mouth off and moaned, Santy Claus's Christmasy Cummies!

Vivian swallowed my cock and bobbed her head. I groaned, loving this passion. I savored every last moment of that hot mouth suckling on my dick. It was a fantastic rush to have her hot mouth working up and down my dick. It was just a rush to experience all that passion. She nursed so hard on me. I loved it.

The pressure grew and grew. Then Franny traded me back to Vivian. The two bimbo-elves, their pointed ears twitching, blew me. They went back and forth, one sucking on my cock then the other. They were so amazing at it.

So spectacular.

Ho, ho, ho, groaned from my mouth again and again.

I stroked my new beard as I savored the barely legal bimbo-elf sucking my dick. Then she traded me off to the married bimbo-elf, the hot wife's mouth so hot. She suckled on me with such force. I enjoyed every last second of this, the pressure about to explode in my nuts.

I'm gonna cum, I groaned.

Franny popped her mouth off my cock, her pointed ear brushing Vivian's. The hot wife cooed, Cummy all over my face! I'm a naughty cheaty hot wife bimboy-elf!

And I'm a bimboy-elf slut-whore who wants to be drenchy drenched in Santy Claus's Christmas cheer! Vivian moaned, her hand stroking up around down my cock fast. 

Ho, ho, ho! I groaned and erupted. 

They thrust out their pink tongues as I erupted. My cum fired all over their faces. I shuddered, drenching them with my jizz. I splattered their cheeks and lips. I coated their foreheads in my spunk. They caught it on their tongues.

Merry Christmas, I groaned as more cum erupted from my cock. 

I shuddered, savoring my jizz spurting over and over onto her face. I drenched my bimbo-elves in my spunk. It was a hot moment. I loved every last second of basting them in my spunk. I marked these two as mine.

I owned them.

Santy Claus! gasped Vivian as my cum splashed on her forehead.

Ooh, ooh, I lovey your jizzies, Santy Claus! Franny moaned, her wedding ring gleaming on her left hand. Just the besty bestest best!

I growled out my agreement, savoring the pleasure slamming into my mind. Sparks flared across my thoughts as I pumped my cum onto their faces. I shuddered, rapture exploding from my cock with each spurt.

I threw back my head and roared out as I fired my last blast of cum onto their faces. My phone chimed. I shuddered, savoring this delight as the pleasure washed through me. It was so hot having all this pleasure washing through me.

I grabbed my phone as the two started licking up my cum off each other's faces. A new notification from the app appeared. You have unlocked Level 2 with your second Bimbo Elf. Hot moms can pick one toy from the box! One more Bimbo Elf and you'll earn an amazing reward! Just earn 9 Bimbo Candy Canes! 

Damn, how did I earn those? 

To be continued...
