
Emma's Farm - 5 (fsolo, beast,scat) 

Disclaimer:  this is a work of fiction.

Emma is cleaned by her dog but then has an accident in her panties.

--------------------------


Ollie the Border Collie was again excited to see Emma.  He had demonstrated his interest in her pussy already and Emma wondered how he would react now that her panties no doubt smelled like pee, cum, and even lentil soup.  She smiled to herself as she entered the shed with the dog food and bent over the dog food bin, wiggling her ass a little to get Ollie's attention. Sure enough, she soon felt the wet nose poke against her pussy.  As he did last time, he started to lick her panties and thighs.  This time however, Emma reached back and pulled the gusset of her panties aside.  She shuddered as she felt Ollie's long tongue bath her bare pussy.  Ollied worked at it hard, trying to get all left over food bits out of ever crevice of Emma's back side.  Emma had her hand between her legs now and was masturbating as her dog ate her out, shaking with pleasure every time the tongue found its way between the lips of her pussy and pushed slightly inside.  She came, and screamed aloud as she did, figuring there was no reason to be quiet.  She recovered as Ollie lapped up every bit of cum from the little girl's pussy.  
	Emma let the gusset of her panties snap back into place and she dished out Ollie's food which he ate vigorously.  Emma walked over to the chicken coop, realizing that she had forgotten to collect the eggs that morning.  She spread out some seed and then entered the coop and collected all the eggs, putting them in a basket.  She put the eggs in the house and then went back out to check to see if the cows and horses had enough hay.  Halfway to the stables, she became aware of a pressure building in her bowls.  She usually pooed in the morning, and realized that in all the excitement she hadn't gone.  She remembered that she had also had two bowls of her mother's bran cereal.
	At this point, the idea of defecating in her panties didn't even give her pause.  She did pause however, and leaned forward, resting her hands on a large tree stump in the field.  The sun was just starting to set, and its warm yellow rays caressed the girl's body.  Bent over a tree stump, thrusting her little butt up into the air, Emma was quite the sight.  Her tshirt and panties were filthy, and she was moaning loudly as she relaxed her sphincter.  
	A huge turd began to emerge from the girl's tiny ass-hole and she grunted as it made its way into her panties.  It pushed the fabric of her panties out until it broke off and was joined by what seemed to Emma a massive amount of softer poo which flowed out of her asshole easily and quickly.  When she was done pushing, her panties were bulging with the large amount of shit that she had just expelled.  She slowly straighted up, and quivered with joy as she felt the poo adjust itself in the back of her panties.  Her legs had been spread slightly and poo had begun to work its way along the gusset of her panties towards her wet and horny pussy.
	She reached back and felt the warm bulge in the back of her panties.  She pushed a little, and moaned as it smushed into her ass, spreading out and filling every inch of her panties.  She pushed again and poo slid along the gusset and she could now feel a little bulge in between her legs in the front.   She closed her legs and the poo in her gusset was pushed up, forcing poo up against her pussy, spreading her lips slightly and threatening to enter her vagina.  She sat on the tree stump and masturbated, rubbing poo into her clit until she came with a loud scream.  She wiped her fingers off on her shirt, leaving two streaks of poo across her left boob.  
	With a smile she jumped up and bounded off in the direction of the stables, luxuriating in the feel of her poo squishing around in her panties as she moved.
