Author: mypenname3000
Title: The God's Passionate Love Book Three: The Paladin's Passion, Chapter Six: Speedy Sailing
Summary: Two ships race across the seas of passion!
Keywords: HF FF fantasy magic oral exhib voy anal DP

Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to WRC264 for beta reading this.

Ahlona  The River Whisper

Captain, Stefan said as the River Whisper sailed across Lake Tur away from the Black island, I can speed up our travel.

You can? she asked, giving him a skeptical look. I know what blue robes mean. I do not mean to doubt, but...

I have grown more skilled since leaving Esh-Esh, he said, his cheeks getting spots of color. He rubbed at his goatee and cleared his throat. It would be best to use nixie pussy juices.

Ah, she said. Then Azure smiled as she shoved down her pantaloons. Intimidated by my big cock?

I'll admit it's not something I want to play with, he said. But Ahlona can collect your pussy juices. If you'll allow her.

Azure's smile grew. The nixie glanced at me, her deep-blue eyes flicking up and down my body. I was utterly naked. I had not reformed my chastity belt like I normally would. I had to leave my pussy available for Azure's pleasure.

Very well, the nixie said and stepped out of her pantaloons. She leaned back against the railing on the stern deck of the ship. She had a big grin on her face and said, Lick away, sweet angel.

Stefan pulled out three glass vials from the pocket of his robe and handed it over to me. I had filled many of these. Would need to fill more since he must have used so many of them in the Black Vault to survive the traps and that terrible man's betrayal.

I held the glass vials and turned to the hermaphrodite. Her cock thrust out hard from her hairless pussy. Her large breasts rose and fell in the cloth wrapped around it. Her nipples poked at the wet material. More beads of water ran down her body. A sweet musk filled the air.

The scent of pussy.

My wings fluttered and my halo pulsed. I sank to my knees before her. That beautiful cock bobbed before me. It was so delicious the way it thrust from the folds of her pussy. I couldn't help but kiss the tip of it, tasting some of her salty precum.

Then I went for her pussy.

Sweet angel! moaned the nixie captain. Henta's spurting cock, that's nice.

My tongue lapped through her pussy folds, tasting her sweet cream. My left hand, the one not holding the glass vials, grabbed her girl-dick. I stroked up and down the hermaphrodite's throbbing cock. I fisted her as my tongue caressed through her folds, loving every bit of her pussy.

She moaned, her large breasts swaying above. The swish of water washing down the hull as it knifed across the lake merged with her sighs and gasps. My tongue probed into her pussy, swirling around and caressing her sweet depths. Her passion dribbled over my chin.

I pumped my hand up and down her girl-dick. I fisted her throbbing cock. The precum leaking out of the tip lubed my hand pumping up and down her shaft. I caressed her. Loved her. I savored every moment of jerking her off.

She groaned in delight, her body trembling and her boobs jiggling. She ground her delicious cunt on my mouth. Her juices spilled over my chin, running down to the hollow my neck. I fluttered my tongue through her sheath while she moaned.

Henta's spurting dick, I love it when your angel eats me, moaned Azure. She has talent.

She is enthusiastic, Stefan said. I knew he watched.

He's better at eating cunt than me, I moaned. My tongue lapped up her folds to the base of her girl-dick. Mmm, just amazing.

I find that hard to believe, groaned Azure.

He's a mage, I moaned, my pussy on fire. It was exciting licking her twat. He knows how to devour a woman to get what he needs.

Hmm, shame he's a man, groaned Azure. But you... Oooh, sweet angel, get that tongue in me. Lick me out and fist my dick. I'll drown you in my cream. Matar's big dick, I'll give you every drop you crave.

Excitement rushed through me, pulsing my halo. Wings fluttering, I thrust my tongue deep into her pussy and swirled it around. I caressed her and teased her. I loved the sounds she made as I devoured her. It was such a naughty delight to experience. Her juices ran down my chin. She groaned, her breasts swaying as she ground her cunt down on my mouth.

I loved every minute of licking and lapping at her. My tongue buried into her cunt. I swirled around in her. I caressed her with passion. She whimpered, her cock twitching in my stroking hand. Her breasts swayed and her moans grew louder.

That's it, Ahlona, groaned Stefan. His voice sounded throaty. In the background, I heard Illina's cries of passion. Mmm, just get those pussy juices.

Yes, my Stefan, I moaned, so eager to serve him. I loved my mage. I would do anything for him.

My tongue thrust into the depths of Azure's pussy. I wiggled it around. Her cuntal walls clenched down on me. Her moans sang across the ship. She ground her twat on my face. She smeared that hot cunt on my hungry mouth. I loved it. I licked and lapped at her. I caressed her. I fluttered my tongue up and down her, savoring the delight of her passion.

She felt incredible. I loved the taste of her. I caressed her, so eager to make her cum. It would be fantastic. My tongue thrust in and out of her pussy as I fisted her cock faster. I fucked her cunt, juices spilling down my chin.

Henta's big, spurting dick! she moaned, her cunt clenching around my tongue. Ooh, yes, yes, sweet angel. I'm going to give you that cream!

I tensed, my hand gripping the vials. I stroked up to the tip of her girl-dick, feeling her cock twitch. She verged on the moment of cumming. I shuddered, pussy cream leaking down my own thighs. Then I pulled my face from her pussy.

I shoved the first vial an inch up into her cunt as my mouth engulfed the tip of her girl-cock. I sucked hard on her. She gasped, her head throwing back as I nursed on her futa-dick. Her cock pulsed and throbbed, erupting into my mouth.

At the same time, her pussy cream drenched my hand. It gushed out of her, flowing into the vial I held in her pussy. The fuel Stefan needed to power his magic. I gulped down every last drop of Azure's futa-cum, my own cunt on fire.

Hot cum spurted over and over again. It splashed against the back of my throat. I groaned, loving every moment of gulping it down. The salty delight set my taste buds alight and then flowed down my gullet. I switched out the first vial and pressed the second one into her pussy.

Henta's big, throbbing cock! she moaned as she flooded my mouth. Gods, yes!

I gulped it down. I swallowed every drop. My pussy clenched. This heat rippled through my body. My cunt clenched. Her futa-dick twitched and throbbed. The cream ran hot down my thighs as I swallowed her passion.

I pressed the third vial against her pussy, the other two feeling so warm in my hand. I fucked it into her as I sucked hard on her girl-dick. Her sea-green hair swayed about her face as she moaned out her passion.

Gods, you are a gift, sweet angel, moaned Azure. Her large breasts heaved beneath the band of cloth clinging to them. Oh, yes.

The final spurt of cum fired into my mouth. I shuddered and pulled my mouth from her girl-dick. I panted, my pussy aching with need. I held up the three vials. She had filled them all with her passion. I stood up on unsteady legs, using my wings to help balance me.

I turned to find Stefan watching, a big grin on his handsome face. I held up the vials and purred, My love. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Stefan Halian

I need another payment, Azure groaned and took my angel by the hand. Do not harm my ship, mage.

I won't, I said, confident that I could do this. I was performing feats of magic far stronger than I should have the skill for. Now that I was awakened to my heritage and had a goal, something to apply myself, my powers had grown. Taming the goblin's shade and healing myself and Illina in the Black Vault were all works that should have been beyond me.

And this one I was about to use would be easy.

I drank down the first vial, guzzling Azure's sweet pussy cream. Still fresh and warm from the hermaphrodite's pussy. I groaned as I gulped it down. Different races worked better with different elements. Ahlona's pussy cream fueled life magic better than the other four. Nixies, unsurprisingly, fueled water. They were close to the element. All five of the hermaphroditic races birthed by Matar when she impregnated herself were close to one of them.

I felt the power in my stomach and sent it out to the water of the lake. The wind blew us west towards the Equath River, but we could go faster. We had to move faster. We had to break the curse on me before we could even fight Sir Bryce. I would be useless otherwise. And with his paladin powers, I feared the skills he had.

Worse, he had Monica wrapped around his cock. She would support him. Her powers were deadly.

So we had to get ahead of him. Nixie ships were said to be swift if they sailed in the seas. Their abilities to dive somehow gave them advantages. But that was on the sea. This was a lake. What I had to do was create a current. 

The water would push us faster.

I sunk threads of water magic into the lake. A chaotic writhe of competing forces had the water flowing this way and that. The difference in temperature from the cold bottom and the sun-warmed surface created a convection current. The wind blew the surface water, too, but it grew choppy, competing with forces sending the waves coming from the south shore. I wasn't what caused those waves.

I tamed the surface level and fashioned a river around the boat. A current that kept us moving west. I slowly burned through the pussy juices in me as I sent tendrils of magic ahead of us and behind. It was far more effective than it should have been.

My powers were growing.

The River Whisper knifed through the water, pushed along by the current and the wind. The nixie crew was looking down at the sides. They had noticed. I smiled and leaned back against the railing as we swept down the river I had formed in the lake.

I would have to maintain it. I had two more vials of Azure's pussy cream to down. I would use them as needed and we would make time. We would get ahead of that bastard so we could land on the Tribes of Ilt's territory.

Let them have the shamans skilled enough to break my spell.

I had no idea how we'd convince them. But I'd have to find a way. There was no other option that I could think of to break this damned curse that Bryce put on me. I closed my eyes, thinking of poor Monica.

She had no idea the monster that she took into her bed and loved. I feared for her more and more. She was pregnant with Pater's child, and he was taking her to the Black Spire. The home of the norns, the three demigoddesses who wove the fate of mortals.

What did he need there that could let him kill Pater? It should be impossible, but even if he failed, he would harm Monica and my unborn half-sibling in her womb. She had no idea she'd been kidnapped. She thought he'd rescued her. 

What better way to make your prisoner biddable than to convince them you were their bodyguard and not their jailer. The anger boiled inside of me. The water flowing around the ship rushed just a little faster.

I'll avenge you, Mom, I prayed. He'll pay for what he did to you. If he truly loved you, he would have understood. No wonder you always had that sadness about you.

I would take pleasure in killing Bryce. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Alloria  The Mermaid's Tickler

I moved through the deck that held the sweeps, what they called the oars. Why were they sweeps on a big ship and not oars? Sailors seemed to make things more difficult. Calling things weird things. Port. Starboard. Aft. Fore. Why not left, right, back, and front. Why weird names for things?

I put that out of my mind. A drumbeat the rhythm that the crew of the River Whisper rowed to. There were two men per oar. They all worked together, the muscles of their azure backs flexing as they propelled the craft downstream.

This excitement surged through me as I strode naked between them. They were all my boys, under the enchantment of my pussy. They stared at me with such lust when I passed, their red eyes lighting up.

That's it, boys, I moaned, my large breasts jiggling with my every step. Mmm, work those oars. You have to get us to the sea as fast as possible. Mmm, if you do, I'll give you such delights!

M'Lady, moaned one-eyed Kalith as I passed him. He licked his lips, his brawny chest flexing as he pulled back on his sweep. 

That's right, you're going to get the reward of my sweet, sweet body, I moaned as I turned and strode back the other way. I let my hand trail across young Toshix's arm. I felt the play of muscles beneath my fingers as he pulled back on the sweep.

M'Lady, he moaned with feverish light in his eyes, his cock tenting the front of his pantaloons.

Oh, yes, yes, I'll take care of all my boys. I grabbed my tits, squeezing them.

They all rowed with such enthusiasm. It looked like hard work, but I was distracting them from their labor. I inspired them to propel us down the Equath River to the sea faster than they would have without me.

It was so exciting. My pussy juices dripped down my thighs. I dug my fingers into my tits. I gripped them tight, squeezing and kneading them as I passed man after man. I grabbed my nipples and pinched them both.

Vedr's queef, I'd love to play with those nipples, M'Lady, groaned Zarvil. The scar on his cheek flexed as he spoke.

Such a dashing and dangerous man. Yes, yes, Bryce had shown me what real men were like. And I'd found more among these sailors. The type of men who seized a woman and just fucked her hard. Not like those weak and effeminate merchants I'd used for their wealth. They had utterly disappointed me, so I had turned to women and found delight in them, but now...

Yes, yes, pull that sweep, Lesvin, I moaned, running my fingers across his thick, black beard. I'm going to plant my cunt right on that mouth and feel those whiskers rubbing on my pussy.

M'Lady, he groaned, rowing harder.

The creak of wood and the swish of water rushing by the hull rose between the steady beat of the drum. It pounded through the air like a throbbing heartbeat. I shuddered, my pussy clenching. I was so eager to have an orgasm.

Monica appeared by the stairs, staring down at the sailors rowing. The black-haired, fair-skinned beauty watched them with a certain hunger in her eyes. She had come to appreciate them, too. She enjoyed cocks and men. 

It was wonderful that Bryce let her indulge her lusts now. The pregnant leywife padded down the center in her white vestments. Her round breasts swayed beneath the cloth. Her bare feet peeked out of the hem. She stared at me, arching an eyebrow.

Mmm, Monica will please you boys, too, moaned Alloria. Won't you?

Oh, well, yes, Monica said, her hands pressing down at her belly. I could see a faint curve there. She was beginning to show. I would love to. We need you all rowing so hard. We're trying to stop a dastardly man.

That's right, I said when Monica reached me. I grabbed the ties holding her vestment's closed and tugged. They opened like a robe, exposing her round breasts. Were they getting bigger? Heavier? I grasped them and squeezed them. You'll get to play with these breasts.

Yes, she gasped, her twin braids of dark-brown hair swaying behind her. Ooh, you'll get to do so much naughty things.

She slipped out of her vestments. The cloth fell down onto the floor, exposing her naked body to the eyes of the rowing crew. A groan ran through the men. I smiled, squeezing her breasts. I walked backward, bringing her to the front of the rowers, in the aft of the hold. They faced away from the direction the ship rowed. 
Mmm, I purred, facing them and pushing Monica down to her knees. You boys keep rowing so fast, and you'll get to enjoy this wonderful delight. My pussy.
I put a hand on the back of Monica's head. She didn't need much prompting. I pressed her face into my shaved pussy. With a gleeful moan, she licked her tongue through my folds. I shuddered at her dainty appendage stroking me. My large breasts swayed from the shiver racing through my body.
I leaned my head back, groaning out my delight. My large breasts wiggled from side to side. They were rowing so fast now. Their bodies gleamed in sweat. Their manly musk filled the room while Monica swept that nimble tongue of hers through my pussy.

Her left hand held my hip while her right slid up my thigh. Her fingers came closer and closer to my pussy. I gasped as her tongue fluttered to my clit. She bathed that bud, caressing it. Sparks burst inside of my pussy.

Her digits reached my twat.

Saphique's yummy cunt! I moaned as Monica thrust her fingers into my snatch's depths. Yes!
I groaned as she pumped her fingers in and out of my cunt. She worked them with skill. It was incredible to feel. I squeezed down on them while her tongue fluttered around my clit. She caressed my bud, sending bursts of pleasure rushing through my body.

The crew's hungry eyes were locked on my breasts. The drummer, at the far end, stared, too. He beat faster, the crew rowing to his rhythm. I groaned, savoring their inspiration. My hips undulated from side to side, grinding my hot twat on Monica's mouth, her fingers jamming up into me.

Yes, yes, I moaned. Row! My big, strong boys! Row us to the sea and then you'll get to enjoy our bodies!

Mmm, yes, Monica moaned, her two digits thrusting faster in and out of me.

Her left hand slid around my hip and grabbed my ass. She clung on tight, digging her fingers into my flesh and holding tight. She sucked on my clit and thrust her digits in and out of my cunt. She stirred me up, bringing me closer and closer to my orgasm.

Slata's hairy cunt! I moaned.

M'Lady! one of the sailors groaned.

You're a goddess, M'Lady! another moaned. 

Their eyes were locked on me as Monica devoured my pussy. Her wicked tongue swirled around my clit. She teased me, her fingers thrusting hard and fast in and out of my pussy. I shuddered, my hand gripping the back of her head.

Then she thrust a third finger into my pussy.

I gasped at the sudden intrusion. My cunt squeezed down on her digits. I gripped her tight, loving the passion of what she did to me. Her wicked fingers pumped in and out of my snatch. She buried them hard and fast.

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned, my body trembling. Oh, that's good. That's amazing! You wicked slut! I love it!

Her three fingers plundered me. She sent such pleasure rushing through my body. I groaned, my big breasts swaying together. She felt incredible. Her fingers drove me wild. I groaned, my heart pounding in my chest.

The sailors rowed. They grunted. Groaned. They lusted for me with those red eyes. They watched the sway of my breasts as my body built and built towards that explosive finale. I shuddered and then gasped.

Oh, yes, just like that, poppy! I whimpered. You're amazing. Yes, yes!

I came.

My pussy convulsed around her digits. My juices gushed out. She ripped her fingers from my snatch and sealed her lips around my pussy. I gasped as she sucked at my cumming snatch, drinking my cream gushing out of me. My tangy aroma filled the air.

I bucked through my pleasure. My moans filled the hull. The sailors watched me cumming. They cheered me on as they stroked their sweeps. My tits heaved as the rapture drowned my mind. I groaned, the pleasure swirling through my thoughts.

Then the beat of the drum stopped. I panted, shocked by that. Someone shouted something. I blinked as the sailors cheered. They pulled in their sweeps through the holes cut in the hull. I panted, struggling to understand.

What's going on? I moaned, Monica's tongue fluttering through my tongue.

We're past the mouth, Farin said, a big grin on the sailor's face. We're in Misria Channel.

A shudder ran through me. Well then, boys, come and get your reward.

With a hungry growl, the sailors of the Mermaid's Tickler rushed at Monica and me. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ahlona  The River Whisperer

I lay on my side in the captain's cabin. In the captain's bed. She had led me into her quarters hours ago, her cock stuffed in my pussy. I brimmed with cum. More and more of the hermaphrodite's jizz leaked out around her cock to mat my thighs.

Through the porthole window, I could see the afternoon sky darkening as evening approached.
 
Mmm, are you ever going to pull out of me? I asked, the nixie's wet breasts rubbing into my back. It wasn't uncomfortable at all. Though they were damp, it was warm and delicious. Her nipples hard.

I am going to enjoy as much of your angel pussy as I can, the hermaphrodite moaned. Her futa-cock twitched in me, growing hard again. Mmm, I'm feeling like I can dump another load in you.

I shivered. How many is that?

It'll be the seventh, she moaned, her hips drawing back and sliding her cock through my messy cunt.

You're lucky I'm a demigoddess, I moaned as she thrust back into me. Her hands grabbed my breasts. Because I'd be fucked raw, wouldn't I?

The nixie laughed. Mmm, you would

A knock wrapped the door and then it opened. Stefan strode in, looking a little tired. He blinked at the sight of us in the bed. A momentary flash of guilt washed through me. He had been working all day propelling the ship. I hadn't meant to be down here the entire time. I had expected to go up on deck and suck on his cock.

To keep him company.

I'd wondered where you'd gotten to, he said, sounding amused.

She won't let me go, I moaned. She's fucked me six times.

Working on that seventh, purred Azure, thrusting her cock back into my cum-filled pussy. Your angel is worth every bit of sailing you around southern Althis.

Good to hear, he said, smiling. I seem to recall a provision of our agreement, Captain.

Right, right, moaned Azure. You want to fuck her asshole. I'm having too much fun with her pussy.

I do enjoy my angel's ass, he said.

Yes! I moaned, this feverish heat. Sorry, Captain, your cock's going to have to pop out of my pussy.

But only for a moment, she moaned.

I shuddered as she pulled back on her hips. Her delicious girl-dick slid out of my cunt. I gasped when she popped out. A flood of her nixie-jizz poured out after. The air was rich with that salty scent. I turned over on the waxy sheet of her woven kelp blanket. My round breasts jiggled. On my other side, I pressed them into her large tits.

Mmm, yes, she moaned, those soft, wet tits rubbing on my own. She pressed her cock between my thighs. There's that sweet, sweet angel-pussy.

I gasped as she rammed back into me, forcing out more cum and sending a tingle of wild stimulation through my body. My wings twitched. I whimpered, squeezing my cunt down on her cock. My asshole tingled.

Cloth rustled. I looked over my shoulder and smiled as Stefan stripped out of his robes. His fit body appeared. He had grown even stronger over our travels. No softness in him at all. Just that masculine strength that made my asshole tingle. His cock thrust from his dark-brown bush. 

Mmm, cum slide that cock into my asshole, I moaned. I've missed you.

So have I, he said. 

Azure suddenly gasped. Then rising up into the air were drops of cream. They floated to Stefan and then smeared along his cock. He lubed himself up for my asshole. I shuddered as he smiled at me, lust in his serious eyes.

While I've been propelling this ship along, the greedy captain has been hogging my angel.

So greedy, Azure moaned, pumping her hips away at my pussy. She drove her girl-cock in and out of me. Mmm, yes, yes, I love this pussy. I'm never going to let you go.

I'll have something to say about that, I said, my voice ringing.

She laughed. Then I better enjoy this.

She buried her girl-dick into my pussy and then pulled back. My cunt clenched down on her while Stefan slipped onto the bed. His cock nuzzled into my asscheek. He slid it over my cute rump and nuzzled it into my crack. I groaned at that hot contact. This wicked heat rushed through me as he brought his cock against my butthole.

He was ready to ram into me and sodomize me, the wicked man. I groaned at that. I shuddered, savoring his lubed cock thrusting against my backdoor. My anal ring surrendered to my sexy mage. His cock popped into my bowels.

The Divine Spark's rapture! I moaned as both their cocks thrust into my holes, Azure's faster. 

Stefan groaned. His whiskered lips kissed at my neck and shoulders. His goatee rasped on my skin while his muscular back held me tight. I shuddered between their bodies, my breasts rubbing into Azure's large tits. She pumped away at my cunt as he reached deeper and deeper into my bowels.

Gewin's mighty cock! he groaned as his cock reached deeper and deeper into my bowels.

The velvety heat melted down to my cunt. I shuddered, reveling in that wonderful delight. The heat swept through my body. It joined the bliss Azure churned up in my cunt as she thrust her girl-dick in and out of me.

Matar's big dick! moaned Azure. I love your angel's pussy.

So do I, Stefan groaned. And her tight asshole.

His wiry pubic hair rubbed into my ass. I shuddered, loving the feminine body pressing against my front and the masculine body rubbing into my back. This was so exciting. I clenched my holes down on both their cocks.

The dual frictions melted through me. Stefan drew back, his cock sliding through my bowels and stimulating me. Such wicked pleasure surged through me. It was incredible to feel. I reveled in it.

He grunted and groaned, thrusting into me with his hard cock. I shuddered, squeezing down on him. I loved the feel of him burying his cock into me. He slammed deep and hard. He plunged that shaft to the hilt in me.

I gasped as he pumped away at me. He reamed out my asshole over and over as Azure pumped away at my cunt. It was incredible. I loved every second of their two dicks fucking me. This amazing heat rushed through my body. I trembled, squeezing my bowels down on his cock and my pussy on her shaft.

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned. Oh, that's it. Just like that. Mmm, you're going to make me explode!

Yes! Azure groaned, thrusting away at my pussy. Mmm, just going to fuck you hard! Matar's cock

Gods damn, we'll make you explode, Ahlona, Stefan groaned. He kissed at my neck, his whiskers rubbing at me. My sweet angel gets to howl her head off.

I love you! I moaned, turning my head.

He kissed me. His rough whiskers felt amazing on my mouth. I whimpered, my orgasm building and building as they rammed their cocks into me. They filled me up over and over again with their powerful thrusts. They slammed their dicks into my holes with passion. They fucked me hard and fast. I shuddered, loving every second of it.

My bowels drank in Stefan's cock. My pussy reveled in Azure's hermaphrodite-dick. They thrust into me, spearing into my depths. My body trembled, my nipples rubbing into Azure's soft breasts. Stefan's crotch smacked into my rump with his powerful thrusts, his hand stroking my hip.

They both fucked me. Loved me. They thrust their cocks into me. I moaned into his lips, savoring every second of it. Our tongues danced and dueled while I whimpered. My body melted from the heat they churned up in me.

I hurtled towards my orgasm.

Matar's big dick! gasped Azure. Your pussy, sweet angel... Your pussy is going to make me explode. I will never get tired of this cunt!

Stefan broke the kiss and groaned, I know what you mean.

Ooh, you are so lucky to have the key to her cunt! gasped Azure, driving her dick harder and harder into me.

I am, Stefan said softly. He nuzzled into my ear.

I groaned, my wings, folded up on my back, twitched against Stefan. I shuddered, my halo growing brighter and brighter as my own orgasm built. The dual frictions fed it. Every thrust of their cocks into my holes hurtled me towards it.

I reveled in his cock plundering my bowels and hers reaming my cunt. They fucked me hard now, pumping away at me. They thrust into me, one going in while the other slid out. It was so amazing. I shuddered.

Creation's passion! I howled as my orgasm burst through me.

My pussy convulsed around Azure's hermaphrodite-dick. My asshole writhed around Stefan's semi-divine cock. I loved them both. The pleasure surged through my body, rippling out of my cunt. Stars burst across my vision.

The Divine Spark's rapture! I gasped, bucking between them.

Gods, yes! growled Stefan, slamming his cock deep into my bowels.

Henta's spurting dick, you want my cum! gasped Azure. She buried hard into my pussy. Take it! Oh, Matar's cock, take it!

Her hot cum spurted into my spasming pussy. The heat swept more bliss through my body. My halo blazed bright. I felt every spurt of her cum splashing on my cervix. I whimpered, my bowels rippling around Stefan's cock.

He slammed hard into me, his balls smacking into my taint. He growled as he drew back, my asshole sucking at him. The fiery stimulation he created as he buried back into me sent another wave of bliss through me.

My angel! he growled. My beautiful Ahlona!

Stefan! I gasped as his cum flooded me. I love you!

He kissed me over my shoulder again, his tongue thrusting into my mouth while his cum pumped into my bowels. My asshole spasmed harder. Both their dicks were flooding me with their jizz. I trembled, savoring the warmth. The passion.

Matar's big dick, groaned Azure as she fired the last of her nixie-cum into me. Mmm, that's amazing.

I agreed, trembling between them. My tongue danced with Stefan's as my asshole milked his cock dry. I hit the peak of my orgasmic pleasure. My tits jiggled against Azure's. I shuddered in delight, reveling in this bliss.

Mmm, that was fun, moaned Azure. You cum harder when Stefan's in you, don't you.

I broke the kiss to purr, Yes. He owns me. I love him.

Azure sighed. Well, I guess I should be thankful you took a break. Or did you run out of pussy juices?

Almost, he said. I had to stop because we're at the Gate in the Cliffs of Tur.

Azure blinked. We're at the river already?

Uh-huh, he panted, kissing at my neck.

Illth's cursed cum, I have to get out there. She pulled her girl-dick out of me and scrambled over us. Why didn't you tell me right away? If those ninnies think to pilot my ship through the river without me in command!

I burst into giggles. 

The sun is setting, Stefan protested. Surely, you're not going to travel down the river at night. Isn't that dangerous?

She paused. Maybe for human sailors. We're nixies. We know the waters. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sir Bryce Cartith  The Mermaid's Tickler

The sun set as the ship sailed southwest to round the southern tip of Althis Isle and head for the Dead Isle where the Black Spire awaited. My long journey was almost over. Nothing could stop me from delivering my vengeance upon the Lawbreaker.

To avenge my wife. That woman I'd killed hadn't been my Deana any longer. She'd been a thing that Pater had poisoned with his seed. I closed my eyes and remembered my Deana before then. She had been a priestess of Slata. She had devoted herself to pleasing all men, but then she had found all she needed in me.

In my quest to become a full knight, like all the other male Knights Deute before me, I had been given a quest by the priestesses of Slata. With me had been sent an acolyte to aid me with her divine magic. It had taken us months to complete our quests.

We had fallen in love. Become one.

She had renounced her vows. Quit the priesthood. We had married beneath Luben's temple to show the world we only needed each other. I closed my eyes and felt the amulet around my neck. It had an image of my bride in it. Smiling with her faithful love.

Pater had stolen that away. He had parted her thighs and made her into a whore again.

He's just a god, Deana moaned through the vaults of my memories. The words she'd said that terrible day. It's not the same. You can't deny Pater. No woman can. He's the Father of All. The way she had smiled, this look of ecstasy, had sickened me.

I knew in that moment I would never again be all that Deana needed. 

Pater had stolen that away from me. He had given her a taste that no mortal man could compete with. He had poisoned her with his seed, expecting me to raise his bastard like a good, little cuckold. Deana didn't care that she had ripped out my heart.

Because it wasn't Deana any longer. Pater's cum had killed her.

Monica's moans rose from the orgy below. Another woman corrupted by Pater's seed. 

It didn't bother me that she reveled with other men She might be my wife, but her use was almost at an end. She had provided pleasure with that whorish body, but how could I ever love a woman that lusted after that barguest with such naked hunger. 

She claimed she loved me, but she proved she didn't as she squealed on the cocks below. I stared off at the water rushing by, the sounds arousing me. I was still a man. A widower. I had no one to be faithful to.

Not in this life.

I gripped the amulet. In the next, Deana would be fixed. She'd be waiting for me. She would understand why I had to do it. I had to set her free of that cursed body. She would thank me for killing the bastard who ruined her.

The lust built and built in me. That collar chained about my desires pulled at me. I squeezed tighter about the amulet, hating this lust for Alloria. I ached for her. Needed her in ways I had never even needed Deana.

As if my lust had summoned her, I heard footsteps pad behind me. Not Monica's, she was squealing her head off in orgasmic delight. I could feel Alloria coming up behind me, smell the salty cum pouring off her body.

She came up beside me a moment later. She dripped with cum. It covered her large breasts and clung in her black hair, white streaks of drying passion. She looked down at the water, this smile on her lips.

I think I love you, Bryce, she said.

That took me aback. What?

I know. She laughed. We both started out trying to dominate the other, but... We're tied together. I've found something traveling with you that I never knew in my life. I thought I had everything I wanted, but it all feels so pointless now. All my scheming and plotting and grasping for wealth had never brought me satisfaction. I always hungered for more and was terrified of losing what I had.

And now?

Now I found something meaningful. I don't think I'll be helpful to stop the Lawbreaker, but I'm in this. I'm with you, Bryce. She pulled off her necklace and held it in her hands. The rising moon cast sparkles across the amethyst and platinum.

She let it go.

It plunged into the black waters, lost forever. 

She smiled at that. She threw her arms wide and laughed out with pure joy. I frowned at her. What was this? She turned to look at me, smiling in this beguiling way. My cock lurched with lust for her. This ache to bend her over and fuck her hard.

Bryce, we're bonded together, she said.

Until death, I said, grabbing her hips. 

Until death, she repeated and then kissed me.

Her lips tasted sweet. Monica's pussy. My dick throbbed in my pants. I groaned and then spun Alloria around, breaking our kiss. She gasped as I bent her over the railing. Her breasts swayed over the edge. Her hair rustled in the cooling breeze.

Yes, yes, take me, Bryce! she moaned. Those sailors were nice, but none of their cocks can compare to your dick. Ravish me!

I attacked the lacing on my pants and fished out my cock. My heart pounded with lust that drowned out the rush of water surging down the hull beneath us. My dick throbbed hard. I pressed it against her rump, so ready to ram into her and make her explode.

Then she'd make me explode. She'd drain my balls.

I didn't need lube to slide into her asshole. The whore had more than enough of the sailors' cum dripping out of her backdoor. I could feel the sloppy jizz squeezing around me. She was another woman who could never be satiated with just me.

She claimed to love me, but her actions proved the truth. 

I thrust into her bowels.

Yes! she moaned, her back arching. Bryce, my love! My husband! Oooh, yes, yes, Monica and I are yours!

I grabbed the railing, gripping the wood hard as I slid deeper and deeper into her bowels. I buried into her with ease. Her tight sheath squeezed about me, the friction sending bliss that flooded through my body. I groaned as I savored that delight around me. That carnal pleasure.

My balls drank it in. They swelled with my own seed to spurt into her asshole. Her black hair swayed before me as she moaned. My hands tightened on the rough wood of the railing. I drew back through her bowels, her velvet flesh clinging to me.

Gods, yes! I growled and thrust into her asshole. I spanked her naughty rump. Biaute's tight ass!

Mmm, Pater's mighty cock! she moaned, squeezing around me.

I snarled and fucked her asshole harder and harder. I plowed into her bowels. I drove my dick to the hilt in her again and again. I buried hard into her. I reveled in the velvety grip of her flesh squeezing about me. I growled, the pleasure surging down my shaft to my balls.

They drank in the heat. I groaned, loving every second of burying into her velvety delight. This amazing pleasure rippled around me. I groaned, savoring that wonderful passion as I slammed to the hilt in her. 

Ooh, yes, yes! she moaned. That's it. Gods, that's good. Your cock, Bryce... I love your cock. I love you!

Love your asshole! I growled, driving hard into her. My balls smacked into her flesh. 

Yes, yes, that's so good! she moaned, her hips wiggling in wanton circles. She stirred her velvety flesh around my cock. Oh, Bryce, yes!

The pleasure built and built at the tip of my dick. That wonderful ache that needed to erupt out of me. I would flood her hard. Pump her ass full of my cum. She squeezed about me, bringing me closer and closer to that moment of delight.

Cum in me! squealed from the hold, Monica's moans rising above the sailors using her flesh.

Mmm, cum in me, Bryce! moaned Alloria, her hips wiggling. I love the feeling your jizz firing into me. So does Monica.

She loves cocks flooding her with spunk! I growled, thrusting into her.

She's a woman!Alloria gasped.

That was the problem. So few could transcend beyond their desires. To control themselves.

She's lucky you let her fuck others, Alloria purred. She loves you so much. She was so willing to ignore her desires for others to make you happy. That's a rare woman.

She shouldn't have to ignore her desires. She shouldn't have them.

Mmm, yes, yes, Bryce, hammer my asshole. I'm going to cum so hard! She undulated her hips, working them around my cock. Ooh, you're melting my pussy! Oh, Bryce, yes!

I plowed into the depths of her bowels, her flesh squeezing about me. I groaned, my nuts, smacking into her taint, tightening. My cum came closer and closer to that boil. I would dump it in this woman who had chained me to her body.

My hands squeezed at the railing, clutching to the wood as I drove my cock to the hilt in her bowels again and again. She clenched down on my dick on the pullback, massaging me. The pleasure swelled. I was so close.

I drove into her bowels.

Gods, yes! Alloria howled, her asshole rippling around my cock. Bryce! My love! Yes!

Her bowels convulsed around my dick. I groaned as I drew back, that hungry hole sucking at my cock. My balls tightened. I had to unleash every drop of cum I had in my nuts. I groaned and thrust to the hilt in her.

Spurt after spurt of my cum fired out of my dick. It flooded into her body. I basted her with my passion. I groaned, the pleasure slamming into my mind. She gasped, her asshole spasming with more passion around my dick.

Bryce! she moaned. Pater's cock, I love it when you cum in me!

Biaute's tight ass and Slata's hairy cunt! I snarled, the pleasure hammering my mind.

So good, she panted, working out my cum. Her asshole milked me.

I spurted the cum into her bowels. I groaned as I fired the last of my passion into her. I sucked in breaths. My amulet swayed across my bare chest. Alloria whimpered and purred in delight. She leaned over, her body shuddering.

That was beautiful, Bryce, Alloria moaned.

It was, a new voice said.

I glanced over to see Monica walking up drenched in cum. She had this beatific smile on her face, her hands rubbing the jizz into her belly. The first hint of her pregnancy showed, a slight curve now. She licked at the cum sliding down her face to her lips, freshly fired on her.

So beautiful to see you two loving each other, she said. It makes me so happy. We're going to have a wonderful future together.

We will, Alloria purred.

I smiled. I had all the pieces I needed now. I just had to reach the Black Spire and this would all be over. I sucked in deep breaths. My heart raced, my blood boiling. All these years waiting for the circumstances to be right.

For another woman to be pregnant with Pater's child. 

To be continued...
