Good Morning                   MF oral


She looked at the clock. 6:45 AM. It was a bit early to be getting up on a Saturday morning. Next to her, her husband was sound asleep, laying on his back. Not his usual position. She considered snuggling up to him but didn't really want to wake him. At least not yet. So, she lay there looking at him for a few more minutes. 

After a few minutes, the idea struck. He never sleeps on his back. I cannot get back to sleep but it is kind of early. He never sleeps on his back. So she slipped her head under the covers.  Slowly and gently she worked her way down to his crotch. While she could not see it, she knew his soft cock was just a mere inch or two away from her lips. She inched forward and gave the tip of his cock a soft kiss. Then a loving lick from base to tip. He groaned and shifted a little. Then, she lifted his cock so she could take it into her mouth. She lovingly circled the head of his cock with her tongue. He started to grow in her mouth, a sensation she had never experienced before. She continued to suckle on him as he grew to his full 6 inch length. She wondered if he was awake yet or just "dreaming". 

She got her answer when she felt his hands on her head. She started to bob her head on his cock, being careful not to drag her teeth over his sensitive organ. He moaned and started to fuck her mouth in time with her movements. The sensations on his cock were becoming overwhelming. She hadn't gone down on him in a long time. He certainly wasn't going to stop her and ask what the occasion was. 

She raised her head so that only his cock head was in her mouth. She swirled her tongue around the glans a few times then removed her mouth completely. She stuck her tongue out and glided all the way down to his balls. She sucked one into her mouth and heard him moan again. He pushed the blankets back so he could see her. The view of her long hair fanned across his thighs was intoxicating. 

She let his testicle out of her mouth and proceeded to give a few laps to that sensitive area just between his balls and anal opening. He responded but raising his hips. She then licked all the way back up to the tip of his cock. She opened her mouth and took it all in one gulp. She started sucking for all she was worth. He stroked her hair and enjoyed the tingly sensation that was beginning to develop. He could feel his balls start to tense as she continued to suck on his cock. The movement of her tongue on the underside of his cock was causing him to breath harder. 

She didn't need him to tell her. She felt his cock expand in her mouth. He let out a loud groan and the cum started to fill her mouth. She swallowed the first couple of spurts but held the last couple in her mouth. She slowly lifted her mouth off his cock and crawled up to lay beside him. 

She leaned over to kiss him. He opened his mouth to accept her kiss. She opened her mouth and slid her cum covered tongue into his mouth, sharing his seed with him. He eagerly accepted it, swirling the semen around on his tongue and hers. As they broke the kiss, he swallowed the fluid that his loving wife had deposited in his mouth.

She looked at him and said, "Good morning."