Author: mypenname3000
Title: Daddy's Mind-Control Spreads Chapter Two: Mind-Controlled Daughters Love Their Daddy
Summary: MIchael mind-contorl's two daughetsr to love thier daddy and triggers thier ovulation.
Keywords: Ff Mff MF inc mc oral creampie facial anal A2M wife exhib voy 1st breed

Copyright 2021

Note: Thanks to wrc264 for beta reading this!

David Shepherd

I was heading upstairs with my eldest daughter, Sarah. We had just come home and my wife, Mandy, had called us up. I whistled, in a good mood. I reached the second floor and passed my son's room. He had his door open and...

He was working hard on his homework?

I stared at Hank. At sixteen, he had turned into a real problem. Not doing his schoolwork. Skipping classes. Our good kid had gone down a dark path, and Mandy and I didn't know what to do about it. Sarah, a year older, hadn't been like this. She was a good girl.

But here was Hank doing his homework. He looked hard at work at it, too. He was leaned over his books. They were spread out on the table. I just couldn't believe it. What had changed about him? I didn't know. Was that what my wife wanted to talk to me about?

I headed down the hall to my bedroom, passing Sarah's and Amber's rooms. She was our youngest at fourteen. A cutie who was always such a good girl. I pushed open the door to my bedroom and froze in the doorway, my heart dropping out of my chest.

My wife and youngest daughter were cuddled naked and flushed on the bed. They were entwined in a way that could only be called intimate. An incestuous pairing. My blonde wife's big tits rose and fell as Amber clutched one, her blonde pigtails spilling down her bare back. Her petite form was pressed tight to my wife's, one slender thigh shoved between Mandy's legs and pressed up against her... her... pussy.

And then there was the man. He was standing over them naked, his cock thrusting out hard. The bed rumpled, room reeking of sex. My wife and daughter had fucked this man. He had screwed my wife. My Mandy. She had been my high school sweetheart. My one and only. And... and...

The pain ripped at my heart. I wanted to throw up and scream all at the same time. The world spun around me. How could she do this to me? How could she cheat on me? And how could she involve our daughter, Amber? What sort of sick and depraved

Relax, Mr. Shepherd, the man said and pain burned across my mind. Needles stabbed into my mind, tearing my thoughts apart. 

And I relaxed. My stomach stopped roiling and the room stooped spinning. The pain was still there, but I could breathe. I could think. I could murder this man who had fucked my wife. She had thrown our lives away. Why had she done that?

Your wife has done nothing wrong, continued the man. It's not cheating with a god. And since I am a god, what your wife and daughter did is an act of worship that you are so proud of. That you are happy that she pleasured me. It brings you joy to know that your wife is a good woman who has never cheated on you. Never been with another man. I am a god, not a man. There is nothing to be jealous of. Angry about. Hurt. You're happy that she pleased your god. That she pleasured me.

As he spoke those words, my knees buckled. The pain seared my brain. A million molten needles stabbed deep into my mind. My vision washed black, stars bursting across the sea of darkness. But as he spoke, the pain faded. The jealous anger. Instead, this pride swelled in me for my wife that she had pleased a god.

Pleasured him with her body.

I staggered to the bed, the pain burning across my thoughts. I was so happy despite the agony that consumed me. I reached the bed, sitting on it. My naked wife smiled up at me. I took her hand and kissed the back of her knuckles. I noticed that she had some dried jizz in her bush.

The god had fucked my wife. He had taken pleasure in her. This awe fell on me. You did so good, Mandy, honey.

Thanks, Dave, she whispered. I love you.

I love you, I said, my smile so big.

I love you, too, Daddy, Amber added. And Mommy. She's such a wonderful mommy. She helped me learn how to have sex with you. Our god taught me so much with her help. I can blow your dick or you can fuck me.

I swallowed at that. 

There is nothing wrong with a father fucking his daughter, said the god. My thoughts blazed again. Sarah gasped behind me. A mother making love to her daughter. A sister to her sister. Good men, faithful and loving men, rule the women of their families. Their daughters are theirs to love as much as their wives. And their daughters' daughters. Good men deserve harems. They desire their daughters. Want to make love to them. And their daughters desire them back. They want to make love to their good daddies. Are you a good man, Mr. Shepherd?

Yes, I said, my mind still aching from the weight of all these reservations. I glanced at Amber, lust burning in me for her. I had never thought of her as a woman. She had always been my little girl. Now... now she was a gorgeous thing cuddled up to her mother. 

Then I glanced at Sarah standing in the doorway. My eldest daughter held the frame, her face twisting in pain. She panted as she looked at me with this expression of lust on her face framed by her sandy-blonde hair. Her hazel eyes burned with desire for me.

Have you ever cheated on your wife? asked the god, his voice powerful and hard. Always speak the truth to me!

No! I gasped, my thoughts prickling. Never.

See, Mandy said to the god. He's a great man.

Yes, he is, said the god. He stared at my youngest daughter.

She gasped and quivered next to her mother. She humped her pussy against Mandy's thigh. Amber whimpered then she panted and let out such a heavy breath. A big smile spread on her lips. Then this look of awe like something amazing had just happened.

I have regenerated your daughter's virginity, said the god. And made sure she's ovulating so that you can breed your first granddaughter. Then the god fixed his blue eyes on Sarah panting in the doorway. She gasped, too. Well, she still has her virginity. And now she's ovulating, too. You have a pair of great daughters.

Thank you, sir, I said to the god. This was all so shocking. To meet my god in the flesh. To find out that I could have sex with my daughters. That it was right and proper. Mandy, you're okay with me...

Making love to our daughters? she asked. Just so long as I can share them with you.

Of course, I said, stroking her cheek. I love you.

She beamed up at me. I leaned down and kissed my naked wife. I was so glad that our god had come here and found us to be such good people. My tongue danced with Mandy's. She was such an amazing woman to want to share our daughters with me. I was so hard for them.

Well, enjoy your daughters, said our god. I'll just get Mandy out of the way. Have fun with them. You'll have plenty of time to enjoy them with your wife. She just has more worship she has to do. You understand, right, Mr. Shepherd?

A little itch skittered across my thoughts. I broke my kiss with my wife and said, Of course. Mandy will do an amazing job worshiping you.

Oh, yes, she said, her breasts rising and falling. A big smile spread on her lips. However you want me to worship you, my god, I will.

Good, good, said the god. I didn't even know his name. Was it just God? Why not? He held out his hand and my wife rose from the bed and crawled over Amber. He took her hand and led her out of the room past Sarah.

My eldest daughter had such a big smile on her lips as she let them past. Then she rushed over to me. I stood and threw my arms wide. My daughter melted into my embrace. Her lips found mine. They were hot with her incestuous desire for me.

I grabbed her ass like how I would when kissing her mother. Sarah rump felt like Mandy's had at seventeen. Perky and wonderful. Now it was a plumper rump that I also loved, but this tight, teenage ass was something to enjoy, too. Sarah was a younger version of my wife. And Amber an even younger version.

I had known Mandy all my life. I was so glad that she had brought our two wonderful daughters into this world. Mandy would make a wonderful grandmother. She would love the daughters I would breed in our daughters. I wanted that so much.

The god had arranged it all. He was so mighty. He performed miracles.

I want to kiss you, Daddy, Amber moaned. Please, please don't forget about me.

I broke the kiss with Sarah and, still holding her to me, I spread my other arm wide. My naked youngest hopped up on the bed. Her small breasts jiggled. Her blonde pigtails flew behind her as she jumped into me.

She snuggled into my other side and kissed me with her hot lips. They melted to mine. They were just so delicious to taste. I loved the feel of them. The way she moved them against me. My hand slid down her naked back and found her ass.

I squeezed her rump. I kneaded her. She whimpered against me. She was just such a sexy thing. I was so glad that I had Amber and Sarah in my life. That I had Mandy, too. This was such a perfect life that I had.

I was so lucky to be chosen by our god.

I had to just enjoy my daughters. This was such a rush. I broke the kiss and said, Amber, honey, get on the bed. I'm going to get naked then fuck your sister. She's oldest.

But Daddy, what about me? she asked. Ooh, can Sarah lick my pussy while you fuck her?

Oh, yes, can I, Daddy? moaned Sarah. Our god said I should love my sister, too.

And we should love our nieces. Any daughter of Daddy's is someone that we're okay to love. Him, Mommy, and all his daughters.

Yes, Sarah gasped. That makes such sense. Ooh, and I want to eat your pussy. I'll eat it so good. I mean, I've never done it, but I am sure that I will please.

I grinned at Sarah. You will. I know it.

Amber threw herself on the bed, her pigtails flying. Her petite form quivered as she spread apart her legs, her trimmed bush dripping with the god's seed. He had fucked her. That was so amazing. My daughter had worshiped our god. Mandy was doing that right now.

She was such a good woman. My heart beat with love for my wife. Love and pride.

Get naked, Amber whimpered. I want to love you both. I'm so wet right now.

I grinned and nodded. I broke the embrace with Sarah and pulled off my shirt. I threw it down on the floor. Sarah bit her lower lip as she looked at me. A shiver ran through her. She wiggled her hips back and forth and let out a throaty sound of desire.

Amber made it, too. My cheeks warmed as both my daughters stared at me the way their mother did. My cock ached in my pants. This was such a flattering moment. I undid the belt I wore and shoved it off. Then I was pushing down my pants. My cock throbbed with my excitement. I wanted to do so many wicked things to my daughters.

And I could. They were mine. A harem. I had a harem of Mandy and our two daughters.

Sarah pulled off the tank top she wore. It was a warm day in Alamogordo. She had on a white bra that cupped her round breasts. As I shoved off my boxers, she wiggled out of her jeans. Her panties were red, her boobs jiggling in her bra.

My cock popped out. Both my daughters groaned. Amber rubbed her thighs together and giggled in delight while Sarah shuddered, her hazel eyes locked on it. She slowly stepped out of her jeans, down to her underwear and socks.

That's a big one, Daddy, Amber said. Ooh, I will have to tell all my friends that my daddy has a big dick. Just the best mortal cock in the world.

Wow, Sarah said, straightening. That's... Are they always that big?

I... I don't know. I stared down at my cock. It's always kept your mother happy. You'll love it, too. I'll be gentle. I know it's your first time. I was your mother's first, too. You won't be the first cherry I've popped. You'll be the second.

Sarah smiled. Thanks, Daddy. She reached behind her and undid her bra. I am so wet. I haven't ever been this wet. I really thought I might be a lesbian, but I want your cock in me so much.

I blinked. A lesbian? But that was a sin. She knew better than that.

Then she unhooked her bra and slipped it off her shoulders. The straps fell down her arms and came away from her boobs. They swayed back and forth, jiggling with such wondrous perfection. I loved how they had that perky quiver to them. They were firm like her mother's had been before having Sarah.

Then Mandy's boobs had grown big and soft like they were now. Big tits that were so much fun to play with. 

I reached out and cupped Sarah's breasts. I squeezed them. Kneaded them. They felt so wonderful in my hand. My daughter smiled at me as I played with her teenage tits. I massaged them. Loved them. They felt so wonderful in my hands. I swept out my thumbs and brushed her nipples.

Daddy! she groaned as I rubbed her nubs, pushing them into her areolas. Ooh, that feels so good. Thank you, Daddy.

I winked at her and leaned in and kissed her.

She moaned as my lips claimed hers. My thumbs continued their massage, rubbing at her breasts. She quivered as my tongue thrust into her mouth. I swirled it around in her. She groaned, kissing me back with such hunger.

I could just make out with my daughter forever. She had such a yummy tasting mouth. Just the best. My lips worked on hers. It was incredible kissing her like this. She whimpered into my lips. Her tongue darted around in my mouth.

Mmm, that's so hot, moaned Amber, but wouldn't you like to have your tongue licking my pussy, Sarah?

Sarah broke the kiss and moaned, I've always wanted to eat pussy, Daddy. And I can eat hers and Mommy's pussy, can't I? All the time?

Of course, I said. It's perfectly okay for a daughter to eat her mother out or her sister. Nothing sinful about that. Our god said so. It's not even lesbianism, is it? It's just harem love.

I am so happy, Daddy, moaned Sarah. Would you... pull down my panties and take my cherry? I'm so wet.

I nodded, my dick so hard. This was so exciting. To slide into a pussy that wasn't my wife's. I had been tempted, of course. There was a close call a few years ago when we had a rough patch. But we worked through it. Mandy was worth it. My family was worth being faithful to them.

Sarah slid onto the bed, her ass clad in her red panties. They hugged her in such a sexy way. I loved it. Her ass wiggled as she settled between her sister's thighs. Sarah lowered her head to her sister's bush leaking our god's cum.

Oh, Amber, Sarah moaned. Your pussy smells so good. Ooh, this is going to be so much fun to lick you while Daddy fucks me.

Yes, it will, Amber moaned and grabbed a fistful of Sarah's hair. My youngest shoved my oldest down into incestuous passion. Sarah moaned as Amber gasped, Yes! Lick my cunny!

I shuddered, my cock throbbing before me, and I headed to the bed. I slid on it behind Sarah, staring at her tight, teenage ass. I slid my hands over her rump and grabbed the waistband of her panties. I hooked them and pulled them down. 

Her panties slid off her rump. I worked them off, my cock throbbing before me. This was such an exciting moment. I was so thrilled about this. My heart hammered in my chest as I unveiled my daughter's rump. I kissed at her butt-cheeks, moving down and down until I exposed her trimmed, blonde bush. The tart scent of her pussy filled my nose.

Oh, Sarah, I groaned and nuzzled into her pussy. I kissed at my daughter's virgin pussy.

My tongue licked up and down Sarah's seventeen-year-old twat. I licked and lapped at her, stroking my tongue over her snatch. I loved the feel of her pussy lips. I drank up her tart juices. She tasted so good.

So wonderful.

Daddy, she moaned, her voice muffled by her sister's virgin pussy. That's so good. Ooh, I am so glad that I can make love to you. This is perfect. I never wanted another guy because it had to be you, Daddy. That's it. No other guy could measure up to my daddy.

My heart just burst. I love you, Sarah. I love you so much. God, you are wet, too.

I'm so wet and ready, she moaned. Just take my virginity.

I was so hard and excited. I felt like a teenage boy all over again. Just so eager to get my first taste of pussy. Mandy and I had dated two years before that first time. We were engaged by then. We knew we would be together forever.

Just like Sarah and I would be. And Amber. My two daughters would always be mine and Mandy's.

I pushed my cock into Sarah's bush. Her curls slid over my dick in this exciting way. I shuddered as I pushed in to find the wet folds of her pussy. I slid up and down her snatch, feeling her juices soaking my crown. Then I nuzzled against her labia. They parted to reveal her hymen.

I pressed my cock against her maidenhead, feeling my daughter's virginity. All that stood between me and sliding into her cunt. I just had to pop her cherry. I pushed harder against her. She moaned into Amber's pussy.

My youngest had a big grin on her face. Pop her cherry, Daddy! She's moaning into my pussy. Just licking so hard. I think she loves my cunt, Daddy.

Of course she does, I groaned and thrust harder.

Sarah moaned into her sister's pussy as her hymen stretched and stretched. Then her cherry tore. I groaned as I shot into her twat. Her hot cunt engulfed my dick. The delight of her twat squeezed about me. It was just amazing to feel her snatch drawing me in. 

I sank deeper and deeper into her until she took all my cock. I gripped my daughter's hip. I loved the feel of her about me. This was so hot. So exciting. I was inside my daughter's cunt. I was in her pussy. My nuts burst.

I came.

Fuck! I gasped, flooding my daughter's cunt with my seed. I basted her fertile, ovulating pussy with my cum. I groaned, feeling like a real teenager now. Sorry, sorry!

Oh, Daddy, gasped Sarah, her pussy squeezing around my dick. 

It was amazing to cum in her. I shuddered as my load flooded into her. The pleasure shot through my body. My mind reeled from the incestuous thrill. I pumped her twat full of all my seed. I panted, shuddering through the delight of being in my daughter. 

Fuck, I groaned. Sorry, Sarah. God, that never happens. Your pussy... It's just so exciting to be in you and... I was still hard. And now I can really fuck you.

Yes, yes, fuck me, Daddy, she moaned, squeezing her pussy around me. I was so glad that I had cum in her. I had bred her. And now I could just enjoy her.

I drew back my hips as Sarah feasted on Amber's pussy. Amber quivered there, staring at me with her hazel eyes. They shone with such delight as I slammed into her sister's snatch. I buried into her cunt. I fucked her hard and fast. I pounded my daughter's deflowered cunt.

She moaned into Amber's pussy. Sarah's butt-cheeks jiggled as I fucked her. I slammed into her pussy again and again, my balls swinging into her cunt. I loved her teenage ass. She had such a perky rump. Her asshole peeked out as I fucked her.

I plowed into her with such force. I fucked her hard. Her cunt massaged me. She held me in that wonderful grip. It was amazing to fuck her like this. To pound her. I fucked her with passion. I buried to the hilt in her over and over again. 

I loved fucking my daughter.

Yes, yes, yes, Daddy, moaned Sarah as I plowed into her. Your cock is amazing. I love it.

I bet you'd love daddy's cock in your butt, too! Amber moaned.

I would, moaned my daughter. I would love his cock wherever he wanted to stick it.

I blinked at those words. I savored her snatch about me as I stared at that asshole peeking out of her butt-crack. I stared at her as I slammed forward into her. She was just amazing to feel around my cock. She squeezed about me with such force. I loved every second of fucking her pussy.

But... What would that backdoor feel like? Mandy and I enjoyed anal. Would our daughter's asshole feel as amazing? That thought filled my mind as I fucked Sarah's pussy. I pounded her cunt hard as she licked at Amber's cunt.

Ooh, my clit, moaned Amber. I love what you're doing to my clit. That's just so amazing. Yes, yes, make me cum, sis! You're so amazing.

And you're so tasty, groaned Sarah. Ooh, Daddy, your dick is so amazing. I love it in my pussy. I love being fucked by you. I love you, Daddy!

I love you, too, Daddy! gasped my youngest. A big smile spread on her lips. Love you oh, so much! And you, too, Sarah! Lick my clitty! Lick it!

Amber squirmed as I fucked Sarah's cunt hard. My eldest daughter's pussy gripped my dick. She massaged me, but that question whispered through my mind. What did her asshole feel like? Did she have a tight, velvety hole like her mother?

I had already cum in her cunt. I had bred her. Now... Now... I could fuck her in another hole. Try her out. Give her a thrill. She was my good girl. She would take my cock back there. I slammed into her pussy. I buried deep and hard. I was soaked. She was so wet.

Fuck, I groaned. Sarah, you're going to love this. I have to fuck you in the ass.

Fuck her butt, Daddy! Amber whooped, thrusting both her arms into the air above her head. Yes, yes, fuck her butt! Fuck her butt!

I'm your daughter, Daddy, moaned Sarah. Whatever you want, I want!

I shuddered and ripped my cock out of her pussy. I slid my dick up her taint to her asshole. I loved that naughty hole. I nuzzled against her backdoor. I thrust into her. She gasped as I did that. Her anal ring widened as I drilled my wet cock against her.

I was taking my daughter's anal cherry. This was so hot.

Amber grinned at me as I drilled against Sarah's asshole. Her anal ring widened and widened. That velvety hole stretched over the tip of my cock. She moaned into her sister's pussy. I sank into her asshole. Into her bowels. It was incredible.

Fuck, Daddy! Sarah groaned as I sank into her backdoor.

I was in her velvety bowels. Her hot anal sheath swallowed my big dick. I gripped her hips as I sank into her hot depths. The friction melted up my cock. My balls tightened with the load of cum I would fire in her.

If I hadn't already popped off in her pussy, I would be exploding right now. This was all so exciting to enjoy my second woman ever. My daughter. This incestuous thrill race through me as I sank to the hilt in her asshole, my crotch rubbing into her butt-cheeks.

Oh, my god, Daddy, Sarah purred. Her asshole squeezed around me. That's incredible. Fuck, you're all the way in my butt.

Woooot! squealed Amber. Then she gasped. And keep doing that to my clit. You're going to make me cum, Sarah! Best sister!

Such a cute clit, moaned my eldest daughter. She loved her sister's clit as I drew back my hips. My cock slid out of my daughter's asshole.

Her bowels clenched tight about me. The feel of her was incredible. I loved it so much. I savored being in her asshole. I slammed back into my daughter's deflowered asshole. I groaned as her cherry sheath swallowed my cock.

I pumped away at her bowels, my heavy nuts slapping into her taint. I thrust into her over and over. I fucked her with such force. The pleasure shot up my cock as I buggered my sexy daughter. She moaned into her sister's cunt as I fucked her hard.

Oh, Daddy, Sarah whimpered. That dick. God, I love that dick in my butt, too. I love it.

Are you going to cum? Amber groaned. Huh? Huh?

Yes! Sarah clamped her asshole down my dick as I buried into her. I am. Daddy's dick fucking my ass is going to make me cum!

Yay! clapped Amber. Ooh, so am I. Keep licking my clit. Suck on it. Yes!

Amber squirmed against the pillows, her small boobs quivering. She squeezed her eyes closed as her sister suckled on her clit. This made my heart beat so fast as I fucked into Sarah's asshole. I fucked into her with force, loving this threesome.

My first threesome with my two sexy daughters.

My nuts slapped into Sarah's taint while my crotch spanked her rump. I loved the sounds. Savored the feel of her bowels squeezing around me. It was incredible. I drilled into her asshole. Her bowels clenched about me. I loved it.

Fuck, fuck, fuck, I groaned, burying into her tight anal sheath. I'm going to cum, too.

Cum in my butt, Daddy, my daughter moaned. Just flood my asshole with your jizz. Yes, yes, yes. Fuck me so hard. I love this, Daddy!

She suckled with such noisy passion on Amber's clit. My youngest's eyes bulged. She bucked. Her head tossed, pigtails dancing. Then she squealed out her delight. It was clear she was cumming on Sarah's face. One of my daughter's made the other orgasm.

Shit, I groaned, my dick burying hard into Sarah's asshole. Oh, that's so hot. You made your sister cum, honey.

I did, Daddy! squealed my eldest. Her bowels clenched around my cock as I slammed into her anal sheath. And... and... Yes!

Her asshole convulsed around my cock as I drew back. Her flesh spasmed about me, sucking at me. I groaned as I buried back into her anal sheath. Her velvety bowels suckled at me as I drew back. The pressure at the tip of my cock hit that bursting point.

Sarah! I gasped as I slammed forward and erupted. 

I fired my cum into my daughter's asshole. I basted her twat with all this spunk. It was amazing. I groaned, savoring that delight. I loved it. My face twisted with the pleasure of this moment. I groaned, pumping my spunk into her with such passion. 

Every eruption sent incestuous rapture shooting through me. Stars burst across my vision as my daughter's asshole milked my cock. She worked out all the jizz in my nuts. It was incredible to enjoy. I groaned, my face twisting with delight.

Fuck, I moaned, savoring cumming in her snatch. Oh, fuck, that was good.

Yes, Daddy, She moaned, her flesh rippling around my cock. Ooh, that was just so awesome. I love it. I love it so much.

I quivered, loving the delight of her milking out my dick. I fired the last of my cum into her bowels. My face contorted with the delight of this moment. It was so incredible spurting all my jizz into her anal sheath. I panted, face burning with the joy of this moment. 

It was fantastic fucking my daughters. I felt so dizzy right now with my joy.

Oh, damn, I groaned. Oh, damn, that was incredible. I am so glad our god came here. I hope your mother is worshiping him so hard. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Michael Horne  The God Ares

How do you need me to pleasure you? Mrs. Shepherd asked the moment we went downstairs. The fact that she and her husband had always been faithful was so hot to me.

Not like that cheating whore I married. But now I had my harem of my daughters and many of their teenage friends.

Well, you were disappointed that you didn't get to suck me clean, I said, my dick so hard to fuck her in the ass again. So I thought I would fuck you in the ass so you could polish my pole.

She quivered and fell to her hands and knees before me. I loved how she wiggled her plump rump at me. Please, please, fuck my asshole however you want, my lord. I love it up the ass. David fucks me there all the time.

He is a good man, I said. Faithful to you. You're a really lucky woman. And he's a lucky man.

I am, she said. I'm so happy to be David's wife. I've loved him since we were kids. I still love him. I am so glad he can love our daughters, too. They won't find a better man.

That's right, I said and fell to my knees. This was so hot having my powers.

Just spread your will everywhere, the voices whispered. They were male and female that spoke as one. They gave such good advice. Guiding me on my road to full deityhood.

I pressed my cock into Mrs. Shepherd's married cunt. She gasped as I sank into her twat. Her blonde hair tossed as I bottomed out in her. I wanted to get nice and lubed before I enjoyed her asshole. I had fucked her pussy and cum in her once.

That was enough. This was David's pussy. I was just having fun. A perk of being a god.

I ripped out of the sexy wife's cunt and slid up to her asshole. I pushed against her anal ring and drilled against her. The Shepherds were the perfect family. The model of what I wanted for the world. I smiled, so glad that I had come here to deal with their drug-dealing son.

I thrust harder against her anal ring. She groaned, her back arching. Her asshole widened for me. She swallowed my cock slid into her bowels. It was incredible to feel her married flesh devouring me. She moaned her delight.

Oh, my lord, I love worshiping you with my asshole, she moaned. I'm always available for you, my lord. Always.

I smiled. God, it was great being a god.

I slid deeper into her asshole. Her hot flesh squeezed about me, loving me. I bottomed out in her. I slid my hands up her body and found those big boobs of hers. I kneaded them as I drew back. The hot wife moaned while her husband fucked their daughters upstairs. This was so wild.

I slammed back into her anal sheath. I fucked into her with such force. She gasped, her bowels clamping down on me. She moaned and purred her passion, wiggling her hips as I drew back. She put her all into fucking me.

Oh, yes, yes, my lord, she moaned, her anal sheath gripping me. I love your divine dick in me.

I grinned and slammed into her bowels over and over. I savored that hot delight. I fucked her with passion. I pounded into her anal sheath with force. I loved the way she held me. It was just perfect to fuck her like this. I drove into her anal sheath again and again.

The pressure in my nuts swelled as I fucked her bowels hard and fast. I buried into her again and again. I slammed my dick to the hilt in her bowels. She moaned, her voice echoing through her living room. I loved it.

I stared at a wedding picture of her and her husband. Yes, yes, they were the perfect example. The blueprint for what I would do to Alamogordo.

I squeezed her tits, pounding her anal sheath hard and fast. I drilled my dick into her bowels. She moaned, her passion echoing around me. She wiggled her hips, her blonde hair dancing around her head. She rocked back into my thrusts.

I'm going to cum on this dick, my lord, she moaned, her asshole gripping me. Worshiping me. 
I want to feel that, I groaned, slamming into her. Let me feel that asshole going wild around my cock, Mrs. Shepherd. My thoughts prickled a bit.

Yes, yes, yes, she gasped and came.

I set her off. I told her to orgasm, and she did. My powers were amazing.

I slammed to the hilt in her and drew back, letting her massaging flesh suckle at me. Every stroke into her bowels brought me closer and closer to erupting into her asshole. The pressure built and built at the tip of my dick as I fucked her climaxing body.

Her moans resounded around us. She cried out in ecstasy as my dick slammed to the hilt in her. It was wondrous burying into her again and again. I savored every moment of it. My heart pounded in my chest. This was wonderful.

Fuck, fuck, fuck! I grunted.

Cum in my asshole, my lord! she moaned. Please, please, cum in me. Let my asshole worship you!

Yes! I gasped and plowed to the hilt in her bowels. My nuts slapped her taint.

I erupted into the hot wife's bowels.

My cum fired over and over into her anal sheath. Stars exploded across my vision as her wondrous asshole milked me. She suckled at me with her velvety flesh. She nursed at me, working out every drop of cum that I fired into her bowels. 

The pleasure slammed into my mind. I shuddered through the bliss. My head swayed from side to side as I enjoyed every second of cumming in her. I hit that peak. I fired the last of my jizz into her bowels as my rapture spilled through me. 

Yes, I groaned.

My lord, she purred and crawled off my cock. I shuddered as she slid off me. She spun around and opened her mouth wide. Let me clean you now.

She swallowed my cock. I gasped as her hot lips slid over my dirty dick. She nursed her own sour musk off my shaft. She stared up at me, her tongue polishing my pole. There was such lust and worship in her blue eyes. Just full of such desire for me.

I groaned in delight, savoring what she did to me. My cock throbbed in her mouth. She moaned, sucking hard. Her cheeks hollowed as she loved my rod. She buffed my dick clean of her asshole, savoring that dirty flavor.

That's it, I groaned, loving what she did to me. Just work that mouth up and down my cock. You're going to get a mouthful of my spunk.

She groaned, her eyes melting with even more lust at that proclamation. She nursed with such passion on me, wanting to taste my divine seed.

I grinned at her. And I bet you would like to have another daughter with your husband. A complete set of Shepherd women bred today.

She nodded, her eyes brimming with delight.

I focused on her womb, on her having a daughter, and triggered the ovulation. My mind burned with pain that mixed with the pleasure shooting from my cock. She groaned as she bobbed her head. I was such a benevolent god.

Yes, yes, you are going to have a daughter, too, I proclaimed, throwing my hands up wide. You and your daughters will all have your husband's daughters. And you'll raise them to be his women so he can breed them.

Her cheeks hollowed. She bobbed her mouth with a frantic need to drink my cum. Her lusts boiled over. Lust and happiness shone in her eyes as she worshiped me. It was so heartening to give this family such joy.

It was so wonderful to be a god.

I savored it. I was so happy to give them this gift. My cock throbbed in her mouth as the pressure built and built. I rose towards that mighty orgasm. I would just have such an amazing orgasm. I rose towards it faster and faster.

She had such a wonderful mouth. 

That's it, I groaned. That's so good. Yes!

I erupted. 

I flooded her mouth with my cum. The jizz spurted out of my cock. She swallowed it down. The pleasure slammed through my thoughts. I groaned out my passion. My head threw back as she gulped down my cum. My worshiper swallowed all my seed. It was incredible.

I hit that peak of bliss. I shuddered there, a big smile on my lips. Yes, yes, the Shepherd family was perfect for my needs. They would help me transform this town. I was so thrilled about that. A big smile spread on my lips. 

Just perfect. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

David Shepherd

Oh, Daddy, we have to lick your dick clean before you can pop Amber's cherry, Sarah said as I pulled out of her asshole. That's just not clean.

Let's do it together, moaned Amber. The god taught me how to do that with Mommy. And then Daddy can cum on our faces.

That's perfect, I groaned and stepped off the bed. My cock bobbed before me.

My two daughters scrambled to get to me. They both fell to their knees before me, their eyes bright with the need to please me. My heart pounded with my excitement as they knelt there. Sarah's round breasts swayed while Amber's itty-bitty titties hardly quivered.

They both had the same eyes. Hazel, like mine, but their mother's blonde hair. Though Sarah's was closer to my brown. They were both adorable, though. Their faces similar, obviously sisters. I could see my wife in them both.

I love you both so much, I said, my heart bursting with joy.

We love you, too, Daddy, my daughters said together. Then Sarah grabbed my cock and licked the tip. She shuddered at tasting her own sour asshole. Oh, wow, that's dirty. I love it. I never wanted to suck a dick before, but now I want to blow yours so much!

Kiss the tip, Amber said. Smooch around it. Then lick the crown. Then swallow him. That's what Mommy taught me.

Amber looked so proud as Sarah did just that. My eldest daughter looked so sexy as she did that. It was such an amazing delight to have her smooching about the crown of my dick. Amber ducked in, nibbling on the side of my tip at the frenulum.

Then Sarah licked. She danced her tongue around the crown of my cock. Pleasure hot through me. This amazing delight that had me groaning. My face twisted with the bliss of her tongue stroking me. She caressed me. My heart pounded with such joy.

Then she slid her lips over my cock.

That's it, cheered Amber. Swallow Daddy's cock!

Yes, I groaned as my eldest engulfed my dick.

She stared up at me with such joy as she suckled on my dirty dick. She nursed on me with hunger. Her tongue danced around my cock. I shuddered as she polished me clean of her ass. She was such a good girl. 

That's it, Sarah, I panted, my dick throbbing with delight. She worked her mouth up and down my dick. She suckled with passion. 

She winked at me as she worked her mouth up and down my cock. It felt amazing for her to do that. She sucked hard, her cheeks jiggling. Amber nodded, such approval in her sparkling eyes. She licked her lips. She wanted to suck my dick, too.

Share with your sister, Sarah, I panted. She wants to taste your ass on me.

I do! Amber squealed.

Sarah popped her mouth off my dick, drool running down her chin. She handed my dick over to her sister, letting Amber just suck on my cock. My youngest opened her mouth wide and inhaled my dirty dick. She swallowed it with hunger.

Fuck, I groaned.

Suck on him, Amber! Sarah moaned.

Amber nursed on my cock with such hunger. She suckled on me with passion. I loved it. She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my dick, her pigtails swaying. The naughty girl loved me with all her might.

The pressure grew at the tip of my dick as my daughter nursed my cock clean of her sister's asshole. My balls tightened from the bliss. It was so hot. Sarah smiled beside Amber, staring up at me. I loved this so much.

Then Amber switched and let Sarah nurse on my cock. I groaned, savoring my eldest daughter bobbing her head a few times. Then she passed back to Amber who worshiped my dick with such enthusiasm.

It was so hot having my daughters pass my cock back and forth.

To have them both love me.

My nuts tightened. The ache swelled at the tip of my cock.

My two daughters had amazing mouths. I was such a lucky father.

That's it, girls, I moaned as Amber sucked on my cock. I'm going to cum! 

She popped her mouth off my dick and pressed her cheek against her sister's. Cum on our faces, Daddy! 

Yes, yes, cum all over us, Daddy! begged Sarah, her hazel eyes the same sparkling delight as her sister's. Just spurt onto us. We're yours.

Yes, they are, my wife purred.

I threw a look to see her standing there naked and flushed from her worship. She had such a loving and motherly smile on her lips. Such pride shone in her blue eyes. Her large breasts rose and fell as she waited for that moment. My daughters fisted my cock.

I stared down at them both begging for my cum. My nuts tightened with the joy of this moment. Then I erupted. My cum fired out my cock and splashed across my daughters' faces. I coated them both with my spunk.

As the pleasure slammed into my mind, I painted ropy lines of spunk across my daughters' cute faces. My thick spunk ran over their features. It was such a hot delight to watch the spunk spill down their features. I basted them in all my cum.

It was amazing to paint more and more my spunk on them. They opened their mouths and thrust out their pink tongues to catch my spunk. Mandy clapped her hands in delight and moved up beside me. She cuddled against me.

Just hose them down, honey, she purred.

I had the best wife in the world. 

I shuddered as I fired the last of my spunk onto my daughters' faces. The rapture soaked my thoughts as my cum ran down my daughter's faces. I sucked in a deep breath, a big smile spreading on my lips.

You did good, dear, my wife said and kissed me on the cheek. I turned my head and she kissed my lips. This was such an amazing moment.

My daughters purred below. I heard licking. I broke the kiss to see them lapping up my cum with such hunger. They were cleaning it off each others' faces. They were just gathering it up on the tips of their pink tongues, looking so cute as they did that.

So adorable, gushed my wife, her hand rubbing my back. Mmm, and I have good news. The god has blessed my womb. I'm ovulating, too. I'm going to have your daughter. Isn't that wonderful? In nine months, you'll have three new daughters.

Then we better get to making them, I said. Amber next, then you.

My wife beamed at me. I love you, Dave.

Love you, Mandy, I groaned and kissed her as my daughters licked my cum clean of their faces. This was such a wonderful day. My new god was amazing. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Agent Daniel Hardson

Mmm, I'll see you tomorrow, Shannon said as she slipped out of the door of my motel room. My married lover was quite the hot delight. 

The one perk of this assignment that had brought me to Alamogordo, New Mexico for the Agency. I had to monitor this guy named Michael Horne. He was just some family guy. Married and had four daughters. 

But I got to hook up with Shannon. I loved married women, and we had been lovers long enough for us to have a daughter who was fourteen. Not that Shannon would let me meet our daughter or even let the girl know who her real father was.

Well, I didn't want to be a father, did I?

I grabbed that dumb, metallic headband the Agency sent me. I was supposed to never take it off, but what would Shannon think with this dorky thing on. I couldn't hide it under a hat while fucking her hard. It was supposed to protect me from the psycher's abilities.

It was all such horse shit, but that was my job.

I frowned when I looked at the monitoring equipment. There was a spike in a neighborhood on the outskirts of Alamogordo. What was that about? I decided to check it out. I needed to get out of this motel room. Let it air after that wild romp.

I pulled on jeans, a t-shirt, and headed out.

To be continued...
