Author reserves all copyrights.  No part of this story may appear in form
at any operation which requires payment to access it.



   THE ENCLAVE



   PART THREE



   As the two women led Danny back towards the cabin, the boy felt very
confused and humiliated.  Inside, he wanted to run, but he didn't know
where to go in this strange place.  He consoled himself that at least the
staring and whispering had diminished.

   As they walked, Danny saw what looked like a public restroom.  He felt
both the urge to pee and a desire for just a few moments of solitude.

   "Mistress Ann?"

   "What is it.."

   "Is that the boy's room?" he asked, pointing at the brightly painted
shack.

   "There are no 'boys' rooms' here.  Do you need to use the toilet?"

   "Yes, Ma'am."

   "Very well.  Come on then." She led him into the public lav.  Two young
girls about his age were just washing their hands as the three entered. 
They gave little notice of a boy entering the restroom with two women.

   Danny spotted a urinal and walked toward it, but was surprised that Ann
walked along with him and leaned against the wall next to the urinal,
facing him.

   He looked up at her, confused.

   "Do you have to pee or do you not have to pee?" she asked flatly.

   "Yes Ma'am, I have to pee." he answered, perplexed.

   "Then do it."

   He cast another look to Mother Ruth.  She only nodded her agreement.

   Tears formed again.  "I can't."

   "Why not?"

   "Because..."

   Ann reached down and sprung open the front of his robe, moving him
closer to the edge of the urinal.

   Danny's poor shy bladder just wouldn't relax enough to let go, and he
began to cry softly.

   "Can't do it?" Ann finally asked.

   "No Ma'am.  I can't do it with you...with anybody looking at me."

   "I think you will find out that you can, boy."

   "Why do you have to look at me, ma'am?"

   "Because that's the rule.  No boy is allowed to go to the restroom in
public by himself.  You'll find that rule is also strictly enforced at my
house."

   "But why, ma'am?"

   "Fasten your robe."

   "Yes ma'am.  But why do you have to watch me?"

   "Do you remember the rule about not touching yourself down there?"

   "Y-Y-Yes, ma'am."

   "Somebody has to watch you to make sure you don't."

   This stunned Danny.  "I won't!  I promise!"

   Ann smiled.  "I know you won't, so you have no need to promise." This
didn't make sense to Danny, but Ruth found herself oddly amused at the
exchange.

   "Well, come on then.  If you don't really need to pee now, you will
later." She took him gently by the nape of the neck and guided him back to
the path.

   Mistress Ann saw the girls coming out of the recreation center and
called to them.  Amanda, her youngest, ran over to them.  Danny was a
little frightened that the girl might rat him out for hitting her and said
nothing.

   "Can we stay out another 30 minutes?" asked the ten-year-old.

   Ann smiled.  "OK...but not a minute more!", shouting out the last part
as the little girl scampered away back to the other girls.  Kim and Dee
waved smiling at thier mother, and giggled at the sight of Danny in the
short cotton robe.

   As they neared the cabin, a neighbor of Ann's came out carrying a canvas
bag.  She greeted the women and exchanged some small talk with Ruth.  Then
she looked Danny over quickly and said, "I think these should fit the boy.
Let me know if they don't."

   Just before they entered, another neighbor shouted a greeting.  Ann
answered back.  "Has Andy been any trouble, Rebecca?" "Not a whit," the
plumpish Rebecca answered.  Andy appeared from the doorway of the
nieghbor's house and ran to his mother, pausing momentarily to look at
Danny in his "boys' clothes", but saying nothing.

   Going up the steps, Andy sidled up to his mother and took her hand in
hers like a little boy crossing the street, or even like a young 4th grader
with his first girlfriend.  Danny thought it odd, but something inside of
him connected with some unspoken need and he found himself slipping his
hand into his mother's as they followed the other pair into the cabin.

   "Andy, pour Miss Ruth and I a couple of Iced Teas." The boy busied
himself as Ruth slid slowly into a rocker.  Ann took Danny by the shoulders
and walked him to the wall..  She took a piece of chalk and drew three
circles on the wood, then pressed him against the wall, his nose in one
circle, and his two hands up near his shoulders touching the other two.

   "You've not exactly been a good boy, Danny.  You'll stay there quietly
until I say you can move."

   Ann collapsed on the sofa, exchanging a mother-comrade glance with Ruth
as they smiled tiredly.  Andy brought out the iced teas and gave one to
each of the ladies.

   ""Are you thirsty boys?  Ann asked.

   "No.  Ma'am" replied Andy.  Danny whispered.  "Yes.  Ma'am".

   "Andy, give the boy a sip of this one." Andy took it to Danny and held
the glass as he sipped through the straw.

   The two boys eyes met briefly.  As odd as Danny found this strange boy,
he felt a bit of a connection.  The complex emotions he had experienced so
quickly on his arrival at the ENCLAVE, pounding his mind and body like
waves of surf, the jumble of new feelings and impossible to understand
transformations that had occured within him began to rest in his heart and
mind, and he started to let silent tears flow freely, but only after Andy
had turned away.

   He couldn't see any of them, but he sensed thier presence behind him. 
Mother Ruth and Mistress Ann talking quietly about things not involving
him, even as tears ran down his cheeks and puddled on the floor between his
bare feet.  Andy bustling in the adjoining kitchen/dining room.  He thought
about his little friends back home.  The boys he had shared secrets with,
been naughty with, just been 'boys' with.  A choke of emotion hit
him...quickly extinguished by the sounds of the girls coming up the steps.

   It was all excited talk between all four girls and thier mothers about
the great time the girls had been having and all that they were finding in
common.  Suddenly, Kim noticed Danny in his cotton robe pressed against his
chalk-outlined 'stocks'.

   "Oh my God!  Is that my little brother?" she laughed.  Dee joined her in
unfettered merriment at the sight of thier mutual tormentor now subdued,
still, and silent.  Danny felt his anger rising.  Bad enough this strange
woman Ann.  Bad enough his new 'headmistress'.  He could even accept some
humiliation from his Mother Ruth, but not from his sisters.  Not from those
over whom, in his juvenile world, he had always wielded power.

   "Fuck you, Kim." He felt like yelling it in her face, but he only
managed to mutter it and kept his nose in the circle.  Ann was quick to his
back.  She pulled his hands away from the wall and jerked his robe down and
off, tossing it aside.  Then she placed her foot between his ankles and
kicked against them just hard enough to make the boy spread his feet apart.
This cause him to have to stretch to reach the circle with his nose and to
cock his arms askew uncomfortably to keep his hands in place.

   Dee and Kim were flabbergasted.  They looked to thier mother, expecting
an explanation.

   "He's been a bad boy." was all she said.  Kim and Dee were struck
dumb...as much by thier usually brow-beaten mother's change as by thier
brother's predicament.  The other girls noticed the change in thier new
friends, a little perplexed, but eventually brought them back into lively
conversation.  It was hard for the sisters, though, to not keep looking on
in amazement at thier naked brother, his ass cheeks still reddened and a
little bruised by his multiple spankings.

   Andy, who had been serving up more iced tea to the girls, spoke up. 
"Mother Ann?"

   "What is it?"

   "May I use your restroom?"

   "Yes dear.  Girls?"

   Amanda spoke up quickly.  "I'm not going with him.  I went last time!"
Missy fired back, "No you didn't!  Remember?  I know I did!" Amanda's last
piece of ammo in the convo was, "Yeah...but...I did it twice before that,
so it's still your turn!"

   Ann groaned, but playfully told BOTH girls to go if they were going to
argue all night.

   Amanda and Missy followed Andy closely towards the back of the cabin. 
Dee and Kim looked at each other quizzically.  Danny had heard the whole
conversation.  His bladder was beginning to ache a bit, but he couldn't
bring himself to either ask permission to go, or accept the thought that
there had to be witnesses.  There was nothing but shame on him.  To even
turn around to go to the toilet was an unbearable thought...to expose his
privates to his siters was worse, for the moment, than any discomfort he
felt.

   Ann sensed the confusion in Ruth's two girls, but instead of
'explaining', she lightened the mood asking them if they would like pizza
for supper.

   "You have a pizza parlor here?" they asked in unison.

   "Yes...and they deliver too!"

   "COOL!"

   Ann got on the radio and placed the order, making sure she got at least
a half pizza with each of the girls favorite toppings.

   "Danny just likes 'paper-oni'." little Dee added thoughtfully.

   "Mr.  Danny won't be eating with us this evening." Ann smiled.

   Ruth's three came back from the restroom and Ruth told Andy he could sit
down.  He pulled a small, padded stool way from the wall and placed it out
of the way, sitting on the undersized seat with his knees high.  Kim found
herself glancing over at the boy, his position showing a lot of thigh and
even a little hip with the short robe riding out of the way, but he sat
demurely, his knees together and held there with his arms.  She looked at
his face and he caught her, blushing a little which only made her blush a
bit too.  Ann noticed this little interaction, but said nothing.

   "Girls, " she spoke softly, mostly to Ruth's daugheters, "I suppose you
have a lot of questions about our lives here.  Maybe some things seem a bit
strange?" Both girls moved to sit at her feet.  Even Ruth herself, though
growing sleepy, leaned in to listen.

   "Go ahead and ask me anything.  All us women can talk to each other."

   There was silence for a few minutes.  Then Dee spoke up.

   "Where is your husband?"

   "DEE!" Ruth interupted, but Ann calmed her.

   "Well, little one.  We really don't have husbands here.  We really don't
NEED husbands here."

   "So you're divorced like my mom?" Kim queried.

   "Well...yes...I am.  But not all of the women here are.  Some have never
gotten married, and some are still married, in a way."

   "Where are the husbands?" Dee asked.  "Silly...she just said they don't
have husbands here." answered Kim.

   "Do you mean where are the men?"

   "Yeah...and do you have a last name?" Dee continued, her six-year-old
mind connecting the dots as best she could.

   Ann laughed.  "No...none of the women here have a last name.  Nobody
does, really."

   "Why not?"

   "Well...where you come from, a woman either keeps her father's name or
takes her husbands name.  We don't believe in that."

   "I have my father's name." Dee chimed.

   "Yes, but mom doesn't have it any more." Kim said.  "He was a rotten
father.  I'm glad she doesn't have his name anymore."

   Against the wall, Danny listened.  For once, he agreed with his older
sister.

   "Think of it this way." Ann, reasoned, "There's worst, bad, better and
best...right?" The girls accepted this.  "Some fathers and husbands are the
worst.  Some are not the worst, but still pretty bad.  Some are better than
most, but not really the best.  But with fathers and husbands, that's as
good as it gets.  A man just can't be the 'best' parent or the 'best'
partner because all of them don't know how to live right."

   "What do you mean?"

   "Well...just look at all the wars.  All the greedy people.  All the
power-hungry dictators.  They are all men.  Men just don't have what it
takes to be 'the best' kind of person." She paused while the girls
considered this.  "Who has the babies?  Women do.  Who can feed the babies
with thier own body?  Women can.  It's just wrong for men to think they run
the world.  It's doubly wrong for a man to think he can boss a woman.  It
just goes against nature.  Does that make sense?"

   "I think so."

   "Not every man...but almost only men are the hurters in the world."

   "When my dad hurt my mom, I wanted to kill him." gritted Kim.  "I was so
mad!" Danny, his nose in the circle, silently agreed.

   "Well, the worst men should probably be killed...or at least punished
very strongly.  But what about the ones that aren't the worst?" Ann asked.

   "I don't know."

   "We've thought about this here...a lot.  The worst men here are punished
very severely.  The bad ones who just can't be taught right are punished
too, but not as harshly.  The good ones...the ones who can learn to be
good...have a place in our world.  But not as the boss, or the dictator, or
the hurter.  You understand?  That's fair, isn't it?"

   Both girls nodded, Kim because she really did have an inkling of
understanding, and Dee because Kim had.

   "We do everything in our power here to raise girls to be good, strong,
capable women the way the Goddess wants us to be.  That's our good work
here.  I'm so pleased that your mother and you have come to join us here."

   "Thank you."

   "And we also try our best to salvage all we can out of men and boys.  We
give them every chance we can and work sometimes extra hard to help them
learn to be good people instead of bad.  We encourage all our women and
girls to excel in whatever they want to be.  But we also spend energy
helping boys find the right thing for them to do."

   As if by good timing, footsteps were heard on the steps, and a knock on
the door.

   "I think that's our pizza!" Ann smiled.  All the girls squealed as Andy
rose and answered the door.  Delivering the pizza was the first grown man
any of Ruths' clan had seen since they arrived.  In his early 20's and
looking more like a movie star than a pizza delivery person, he passed the
boxes off to Andy and got a signature from Ruth.

   "Are you a good man?" asked little Dee?

   He glanced at Ann and she nodded.  "I hope so, little Miss.  I try to
be." Ruth smiled at him and he blushed.

   Slices were downed while the conversation continued.  Danny could taste
it just from the smell, but he didn't say a word.

   "If you don't have husbands, how are there babies?" Dee pondered.

   Ann and Ruth both laughed.  "THAT, little lady, is a secret.  And you
will find out about it when your turn 8.  So there!" Ann teased.

   Dee blushed and smiled.

   "For now...and for you too, Kim...just remember that what a woman has is
precious, and what a man has is cheap." Ruth couldn't help but smile at
this last statement from Ann.

   "Any more questions?"

   "What happened to Danny?"

   "Ahhhh.  Well, we went to the headmistress' office to speak with her and
start him learning how to be good..." At that last comment, both girls
broke out laughing.  Ruth, despite her attempt to be serious, couldn't help
but giggle as well.

   Ann continued, smiling.  "OK...OK...I know that sounds impossible, but
it isn't.  It's just going to take a while with him.  Anyway...where was I?
Oh yes...somewhere in the course of his first lessons he broke one of the
big rules."

   "Let me guess," Missy interjected.  "He didn't obey."

   "You are correct, Missy."

   "I guessed it because he did the same thing in the hall outside the
Principal's office".

   "Yeah, " Amanda joined in, "And he hit me hard on the shoulder.  I still
have a bruise!"

   Danny fumed at the rat-out.  He wanted to speak up and defend himself,
but he didn't.

   "Well...the evening is still young for Mr.  Danny." Ann said flatly.

   "Did he get a spanking?" asked Dee, a little giggly.

   "For one disobey, he got three spankings."

   "Oh my God!" piped in Kim.  "What was he supposed to do?"

   Ruth, finally a little revived, interupted Ann.  "Danny...what were you
told to do that you didn't?"

   Danny blushed furiously.  Even from behind, the rest of them could see
his shoulders turn red and quiver.

   "I asked you a question, Danny.  You will answer me." Ruth intoned, much
to the surprise of his sisters.

   Silence fell as Danny swallowed hard and croaked.  "She told me to take
off my underwear."

   "Oh My Goddess!" screamed Melissa.  "Three spankings because he didn't
want anybody to see his little willie!"

   "That's so stupid!" laughed Amanda.  Dee joined them in laughter, but
Kim felt a sudden spasm of pity, even though deep down she had real reason
to be forever angry with him.

   "Maybe it's time to kill two birds with one stone." Ann stated. 
"Danny...come here, boy."

   Danny hesitated as long as he felt it was safe to do so, then turned
with his hands covering his boyhood and walked over to Mistress Ann on the
sofa.  She turned him to face the girls.

   "What was the first rule Headmistress tried to teach you today.?"

   He didn't look at anybody in particular, but recited like the cathecism,
"All women are my boss and I have to call them Mistress."

   "What about girls?" giggled Amanda.  Danny looked at her with a bit of
fire still in his eyes.

   Ann spoke up.  "Andy, come here." Andy rose and walked to the side of
the sofa.  Tell this boy what he is to call all girls."

   "He's supposed to call all girls 'Miss'."

   "OK, Danny.  Start with your sisters.  Say Hello to them properly like a
good boy."

   "H-H-Hello Miss Kim.  Hello, Miss Dee."

   Dee couldn't help but giggle, but her older sister smiled with something
approaching pride in her brother.

   Dee asked, "What do we call him?  Mr.?"

   "No, sweetheart.  That's a little joke for grownups.  You can call him
by his name since he's one of two boys in the house.  But if he's the only
one, you can just call him 'boy'."

   "But if he's about to be punished, you shouldn't call him by his name."
Amanda added.

   Dee nodded her incomplete understanding.

   "Now, Danny.  Say hello to my girls."

   "Hello Miss...Miss...I forgot your name." The girls reminded him gruffly
who they were, and Danny made his good-boy greetings with an attitude of
rising sarcasm.

   "What was the second rule, Danny?"

   "That when a woman tells me to do something I have to do it."

   "Danny.  In my house the rule goes further.  If any of these girls tells
you to do something, you will obey." Danny gulped.  Dee and Kim sat
spellbound and captivated.  "The only exception is...your Mother Ruth's and
my orders take precedence over thiers."

   "What's 'take presidents'?" asked Dee.  The older girls giggled...Missy
kidded Amanda saying she didn't know either.

   "It means what your mother and I say goes first.  If I tell Danny to
stay in the house, you can't tell him to go outside.  You understand?"

   "Yep."

   "The only other rule for you girls is that you can't tell him to do
something silly.  It has to be useful or for his own good."

   "How will we kno..."

   "It's part of your education learning how to train boys.  Don't worry
about it too much.  You won't get in trouble if you mess up."

   "Do any of you girls have anything you'd like Danny to do?"

   Danny blushed hard.

   Amanda spoke early, "He can kiss my ass for giving me this bruise!"

   Danny shot her a very brief heated glance that Amanda caught and smiled
at.

   "Now, sweetheart.  That doesn't help things.  He'll learn."

   The girls thought some more, but Ann's were too angry and Ruth's too
bewildered to come up with anything.

   Missy leaned forward and whispered to her mother, "What about...you
know...that kind of thing.?" Ruth heard her, as did Danny who of course
didn't understand, but it wasn't clear whether the other girls did, so Ann
leaned forward and whispered.  "Not yet, sweetheart.  We don't know how
he's wired yet.".

   "Okay, Danny...what was the third rule?" Ann quizzed.

   Danny was lost in humiliation.  How as he supposed to say he mustn't
touch or play with himself down there while standing naked in front of
strangers, his sisters, a very odd boy and two grown women with nothing
sheilding that which he shouldn't touch, except his own little fists.

   "Answer Mistress Ann, boy." Ruth spoke with the same calm flatness that
her mentor used so effectively.

   Her voice and tone startled Danny, and he turned his head quickly to see
if it was real.  Of course, it was.

   "I'm not allowed to touch myself...my...my self down there."

   Ann's girls, of course, knew the rules.  They were in fact charged with
helping enforce them with thier own brother-boy.  Kim was pretty sure she
understood, but not completely.  Little Dee finally spoke up.  "What does
that mean?"

   "I think it means a little show and tell." Ann smiled.

   "Sit back here on my lap, Danny".  Danny complied, his legs together and
his knees over hers, still covering his baby-jewels with his fists.  Ann
took hold of his knees gently and parted them slightly, then spread her
legs a bit to force his open some more, before finishing the operation with
her hands again.  She patted the outsides of his thighs, and told him to
place his hands there.  Danny sighed, closed his eyes, and opened his
privates to the gaze of all.

   "Three spankings to hide that?" Amanda laughed.  Missy giggled, "He's
must be really stupid!" Danny tried to will himself to be somewhere
else...somewhere free of this burning shame.  The giggles of the two
strange girls kept drawing him back, and the silence of his sisters filled
his mind with imaginings of thier thoughts...more painful than the giggles.

   It wan't 15 seconds into the great unveiling, before Ann continued. 
"This is what he is not supposed to touch or play with.  The rule for
outside is 'not without permission' but the rule in this house for
Danny-boy is not at all."

   "You have to understand, that boys really can't help but want to do
this. It's so strong in them, that up until they are 8 years old, they are
allowed to.  But when they get older, it's bad for them and interferes with
thier training.  Poor Danny is already older than 8, so he's got to go cold
turkey."

   "I can't explain everything tonight, but just know this...part of your
responsibility as girls is to make sure this rule is not broken.  That's
why Missy and Amanda went to the restroom with Andy.  As good a boy as my
Andy is, he is still a boy and would break this rule without supervision."
Andy blushed and shuddered slightly.

   Dee and Kim remained silent, Dee glancing back and forth between Ann's
face, Danny's closed eyes, and his soft little package.

   "Danny has had a big day and had a lot to learn.  We can't expect him to
understand everything right away.  We'll talk about the other house rules
tomorrow.  But he IS smart enough to know what rules he broke today.  Some
he has been punished for.  Others he has not.  He has to be punished
tonight for those misbehaviors."

   Silently, she helped Danny to his feet, then placed him over her lap. 
"Welper, Andy." Andy went to a cabinet and came back with a ping pong
paddle, the padding worn away to the bare wood.  "For disobeying me in the
hall outside the principal's office, I will spank you until you cry."
THWACK THWACK THWACK, fast and furious, on his already tender bottom. 
Twenty strokes at least, but only Dee was counting almost silently.  Danny
tried to pretend to cry, but nothing came out.  Between the pain, the
humiliation and his failure at self-defense through pretense, he did manage
to cry for real.

   "Now...for physically fighting Missy and Amanda outside the principals
office and for insulting Missy, there needs to be a more severe punishment.
"Rudy, Andy".  Andy went back to the cabinet and came back with a thin flat
metal bar, somewhat flexible and full of pre-drilled holes.  She rolled the
blubbering boy over onto his back, his wet eyes wide with fear of this
unknown instrument.

   "Missy, you first." Ann spoke softly, handing the tool to her
13-year-old daughter.  "Chose your bud, baby." She contined as Missy layed
the flat end of the metal slapper on the boy's tiny left nipple.  Danny
cringed and blubbered, remembering the fire the headmistress had put in it
earlier...a pain forgotten in the spankings that followed.  FLAP FLAP FLAP
FLAP.  Missy laid quick, hard blows on the sensitive little nubbin, after
agreeing with her mother that 40 seemed sufficient.  Danny wailed and
thrashed in Mistress Ann's lap as the young teen whipped his stiffening
little boy-nip.  Kim and Dee looked on, bug eyed.  Ruth watched intently as
a student, noticing the small winces on Andy's face as the new boy was
nipple-spanked.

   Even before this punishement was over, the quivering boy felt his
bladder began to spasm.  He cried out louder to end the torture early, but
nobody heard, understood, or cared about his blubberings.  Finally
finished, Missy cooled the heat in his nipple with the pad of her thumb,
even the momentary pleasure being excruciating.

   With all sense of shame gone, Danny finally pleaded, "Mistress Ann?  May
I use your toilet?"

   Ann laughed.  "I was wondering when you couldn't hold it any more.  Do
you really have to pee?  Or are you just trying to escape punishment?"

   "No ma'm...yes ma'am...I have to pee."

   "Buford, Andy".  Andy went to the kitchen and dug around under the sink.

   "No...you may not use my toilet.  But you may use this bucket." Andy
returned with a small aluminum pail and sat it on the floor.  Danny quickly
slid to his knees, all eyes upon his quivering little prick, dripping a few
drops of piss from the head.  The pressure built until Danny felt he would
lose all control.  The pain on his ass cheeks and nipple screamed for the
attention needed to allow his bladder to relax in front of a small crowd.
He reached down to take hold of his flaccid little penis, and Ann grasped
his hand.  "Lean down closer, boy.  You won't touch that under my roof."

   More seconds passed as Danny moaned his ultimate discomfort.

   "Dee?" Ann spoke.

   "Yes Ma'am?", the six-year-old answered.

   "Tell this boy to go pee-pee." Ann's girls laughed.  Kim felt a little
embarassed.  But Dee thought it was great fun.

   "Danny Boy...hurry up and pee." Dee giggled.

   At that moment, the dam burst within him, and a stream started, slowly
at first fighting over the last walls of shame and humiliation, before
turning into a steady flow and slowing to a trickle.  Ann nudged his soft
little pecker to and fro to keep him on target, then flicked the head to
shake way the last little droplets.

   "Well, done, DEE!" Ann laughed.  All the girls joined in.  Even Ruth
found it funny.

   "Come here, Boy." Ruth spoke...her rapt attention fractured by the
girl's gaeity.  "You hit Amanda and gave her a bruise.  Your father used to
do that to me.  I will not have a boy who does that to girls." Danny
sobbed, his back heaving against his mother breasts.  What's appropriate
for that one, Ann?"

   "Well, I was thinking of giving Amanda a crack at the other nipple.  But
since this means a lot to you, we'll get Spooner." Andy's knees wobbled a
little, but he went back to the kitchen and returned with a flat wooden
stirring spoon.  Mistress Ann helped arrange Andy upon his Mother Ruth so
that his legs were widely splayed and his tender little privates fully
accessible.

   She called Ruth's girls to attention away from the scene, and guided Kim
to the floor beside her mother and Danny's left leg.  Then she motioned
Little Dee and Missy to the other side.

   "Girls...you need to take hold of the boy by his knees.  That's
right...do what Missy is doing.  Take his legs in the crook of your arm. 
He's going to want to put those legs together, and you have to hold them
apart."

   She then stepped behind Ruth's chair and guided Ruth to put him in a
sort of headlock, with her arms tucked beneath his and her hands clasped
behind his head, raising his arms up.

   "Boy.  You are going to want to stop this by any means necessary, and
that won't be good for you.  So I'm going to hold your hands up over Mother
Ruth's shoulders.  If you move them out of my hands, you'll be punished for
that as well.  Do you understand?"

   "Yes, Ma'am." Danny sobbed.

   Amanda took the spoon and looked to her mother.  "Sweetheart, you've
never done this, so just remember what I showed you.  Not too hard...just
quick, and all over." Missy, who had been perhaps the least interested in
watching the punishments settled in and gave her little sister an intent
gaze.  Kim and Dee were at once both fascinated and mortified.  Ruth looked
over to see Andy looking nervously onto the scene set before him.

   Amanda laid the broad flat end of the wooden spoon against Danny's soft,
hairless scrotum.  Just that contact was enough to make young Danny wince
at the pain about to befall his undeveloped little balls.

   Amanda spoke.  "I'm going to spank you until you're sorry for hitting
me." With that, Danny blubbered over and over, "I'm sorry...I'm sorry...I
won't do it again."

   Ann spoke.  "No, Boy.  You're not allowed to just say you're sorry.  You
have to BE sorry."

   Danny contemplated that.  He hated this girl already.  One for bossing
him around, and two for ratting him out for what he still thought of as an
accident.  His eyes burned with anger at her, until she raised the spoon
and brought it down on the underside of his fully exposed ball-bag.

   It was all Ann could do to hold his arms in place.  The pain was so
sudden and intense, he lost his breath.  He couldn't scream, yell, cry, or
even moan.  Just one sudden grunt and he was at the mercy of a 10-year-old
girl and a wooden spoon.  Amandas blows weren't hard, but they fell over
and over as she aimed the spoon to the left and right of his scrotal
crease, above midway just under the base of his wildly flopping little
penis, and down below nearer his perinium.

   Danny gasped as the spoon fell on it's mark over and over.  His eyes, at
first full of hatred, took in the sight of a calm, skinny little
10-year-old girl spanking his nuts with great care.  In his mind, his
excuses began to evaporate, and he knew...even though he had not intended
to hit her or hurt her...he had disobeyed and fought with her.  As he
struggled to elicit a sound up from his air-depleted young lungs, a vision
of his father came into his memory.  Pleading with his bruised and
disheveled mother to give him another chance.  That he was sorry...so
sorry...swearing he'd never do it again.  Through the pain came epiphany.
He wasn't going to be like his father.  He was truly going to be sorry.  He
was true.  He was sorry.

   The fire left his eyes, and they glowed softly.  Large pools of tears
formed and fell, mixed with snot and sweat, around his gaping lips.  He
caught the little girl's eye as she switched her gaze from his dancing
little nutsack to his face.  She slowed.  She stopped.  He caught his
breath and sank into Mother Ruth.  Ann released his hands, but they only
drifted slowly to his sides as the spasming pain in his tender little nuts
abated with each heartbeat.

   "I think he's sorry, momma." Amanda said, softly and with a hint of
pity.

   "I think so too, Baby.  Good job, Amanda.  Very good job, sweetheart."
Anne beamed.  Missy gave her little sister a snuggle and whispered,
'awesome'.

   Ruth was in tears.  She thanked Amanda over and over.  Mistress Ann and
she clasped hands in warmth and comradeship.  Kim and Dee were crying a
little too.  Partly from having witnessed such an event, and partly in
sisterhood with thier long-abused mother.

   "Are you OK, Danny?" Ann asked.  Panting and sweaty, Danny answered,
"Yes, Ma'am."

   "Wipe his face, Andy."

   "Before we put you to bed, there is one more tradition in this house."
Ann gathered all the girls, including Ruth, onto the sofa...crowding and
jostling and sitting atop one another.  "Kneel down on the coffee table
facing us, Danny." He did, shaking and quivering.

   "Andy, show this boy how to properly salute his mistresses." She said.
Andy looked briefly confused, and went to unwrap his robe.  Ann smiled. 
"Not on yourself, Andy.  On the other boy."

   Nervously, Andy went and stood beside Danny.  The boys exchanged
glances. Andy seemed to be trying to silently communicate, his face a bit
tense and embarassed.  Danny looked just a bit stunned.  His eyes still had
a bit of 'plead' in them, but he knew he was licked.  An embarassed
resignation fell over his face as this strange older boy gingerly took the
10-year-old's soft little pecker and tweaked the frenulum left from his
circumcision.  Then he lightly pinched the reddened skin of the younger
boy's scrotum and twisted gently.  The effect was near immediate as Danny's
soft little prick began to stiffen and lengthen.  All eyes were on it as it
bobbed quickly to life with each new heartbeat until it was pointing
skyward.

   Danny felt ashamed.  He felt little of anything sexual or 'fun' in this
small demostration of his ultimate boyhood, so abraded were his nerves, his
emotions, and his sense of himself.

   "Good, Danny.  Now say thank you to everybody here who's helped you
learn to be a good boy."

   With his little erection still bobbing, he hung his head and began to
speak.

   "No, boy.  Look your mistresses in the eyes when you thank them." Ann
spoke quietly.

   One by one, his teary eyes met each of the females seated on the couch
before him.

   "Thank you, Mother Ruth.  Thank You, Mistress Ann.  Thank you, Miss
Missy.  Thank you, Miss Amanda.  Thank you, Miss Kim.  Thank you, Miss
Dee."

   Ann reached for the canvas bag she'd been given earlier and pulled out
some garments.  The first was a tight fitting pair of shorts made of
elastic cloth, like a bandage.  She and Mother Ruth helped him into it. 
The clingy fabric cooled his skin and comforted him, trapping his little
hard-on pointing up towards his belly button.  Next came what looked like a
jumbo pair of diapers...a thickly padded garment that, when he was helped
into it, fit him from his lower rib-cage to half way towards his knees.  It
fastened with velcro, mostly, further secured with a canvas strap like a
dog lead, and buckled into place with a small lock.  Next came a large pair
of long gloves which ran up almost to his hairless armpits.  The gloves
were sewn together at the fingertips.  His arms were bent into place in a
prayer-like gesture, and the fingertips strapped to a small collar which
was placed around his neck.

   While Ruth, Dee and Kim watched intently as Ann helped Danny into his
sleep clothes/chastity garments, Amanda and Missy had already secured Andy
into his similar outfit.  He looked a bit disappointed.  Danny looked
relieved and sleepy.  The boys slept on cots in thier respective sister's
bedrooms.  Ann and Ruth stayed up a while longer, eventually sharing a bed
in the mistress bedroom.
   
