Author: mypenname3000
Title: The God's Passionate Love Book Two: The Thief's Passion, Chapter Eight: A Clash of Sex
Summary: Lady Alloria makes her final bid to get her necklace back. Will she succeed?
Keywords: MF MFF fantasy magic exhib voy oral MC creampie preg

Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to WRC264 for beta reading this.

Leywife Monica  Ten-It Highway, Kingdom of Valya

The Black Spire...

As we rode north the next morning, the name, and what it conjured, shuddered through me. The Black Spire. Almost mythical. Located on Dead Isle east of Althos, a cursed and haunted land that no sane person would ever land. A place haunted by all manner of undead. Shades, zombies, umbral whores, wights, specters, and things that didn't even have names. And in its heart, so it was said, thrust up the Black Spire.

A fang of midnight stone plunging upward into the sky. Surrounded by a miasma, warded by magic. From there the three Norns were said to dwell at its peak. The demigoddesses who controlled the fates of mortals. There they wove the skeins of a person's life. Mine. Bryce's. Illina's and Barg's. I shuddered, thinking that the terrible man who sought to kill Pater would ultimately head there.

What dark thing did the man seek from the Black Spire? Which horrid artifact supposedly placed there by Dauthaz, the father of the Norns, to safeguard them from the darkest forces in the world. A terrible strongroom of devastation and destruction.

The Rams Horn of Agrippin which was said to drive mad any who heard it trumpeted. The Bloody Fleece of the Putrid Mammoth, a horrid creation of the Biomancer Vebrin. It was said to release a foul vapor that poisoned all. Even after it was killed by Genovain and his sister-lover, the Phoenix, it still shed that foul rot. The Heartstring of Kalagon Fireblood, one of the ancient dragons who, if strung to a lyre, could play a note that would boil the minds of all who heard it. Or the Miter of King Nuvian who could control the will of any struck by it its tip.

So much evil locked away in the Black Spire. It was supposed to be inviolable. No mortal could ever enter their home atop the peak. Their Fate would not allow them. But the Gods Fates were to be immortal, so how could they die unless the criminal sought a way to step out  from his own Fate. How could he do that?

The weight on my shoulders bore down on me realizing just the burden that lay before us. Where the quest would take us. After Illina and Barg parted from our company after retrieving the Ambrosia from Cernere's Vault, Bryce and I would have to head into deadly peril. Face the horrors of this world in order to save Pater. But I would do it with Bryce. Last night, I had faced temptation to break my vow of monogamy.

I had overcome it. He had confided in me. Told me where our quest would take me. Despite the fear, I felt a renewed commitment to Bryce. I had grown even closer to my knight. I would ride at his side.

I rubbed my hand over my belly. We could let nothing stop us in our quest to save my unborn child's father. So I had to hone my skills, those  abilities granted to me through motherhood of a gods child. So long as I carried my child, I had power.

I had to use it to save my god.

As I rode, I resumed my practice. I focused on spreading out my senses, letting them spill across the road. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Illina

I leaned forward, resting my elbow on the pommel of my saddle. My dumb horse knew to plod along after Sir Tightass and Monica. I didn't have to guide it. I could think about more weighty matters. Like the next round in my game with the paladin and the seduction of the pretty leywife.

I wanted to see her gasping and crying out on Barg's cock. To have her be knotted to his dick. To see the joy that my lover would give her. Sir Stonebrain would stare blank face, trying to pretend he didn't care, while his emotions seethed beneath watching her getting pounded. Getting knotted. 

It would be so much fun.

Maybe I should be more blatant in my seduction. Be bold. Just flirt with her in front of him. Have Barg fucking me in his barguest form while telling her how amazing it is. She'd squirm and watch us with covert interest. Even Sir Mushmind would notice that she was getting turned on. He would grow more and more jealous and...

What if he decided to kill Barg? I mean, he was a Paladin of Lagu, but I bet he could find some way around it. Barg wasn't human. Wasn't a dual sex or hermaphroditic race. He was a monster. Cursed by a fairy queen. He could justify himself.

No, no, I couldn't push the game that far. Back to being subtle. Another distraction. Maybe in the Ten-It forest. All those elves around. They would be after Sir Bryce. They liked cock, and their women only grew theirs for three days in a moon's cycle. 

So a human with one would be attractive. If Monica were to think he'd stray, then she wouldn't be held up by her morals. She would come to Barg and satisfy that itch burning in her pussy. I would get to watch them fuck and get knotted. Then I could lick her clean.

And for the rest of the trip, I would think about it every time I looked at Sir Monogamous. I giggled.

Sir Bryce turned, his armor creaking, to stare back at me. I gave him a big grin. Oh, yes, we'd be in the Ten-It Forest soon. We'd reach the outskirts by nightfall at least. I couldn't wait. Tomorrow night, we'd be amid the elves.

The night after that, we should reach the village where Shasti stayed. My alchemist would whip me up the alchemical items I needed while the elves preyed on Sir Limpdick. He'd no doubt fend them off, but would Monica know that?

Yes, yes, just a few more days.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lady Alloria Valis Korvan  The Edge of the Ten-It Woods

Illina and her companions camped at the edge of the Ten-It woods. Only saplings grew here like the forest was slowly creeping forward through the sprouting of new trees. The thick wall was a few hundred feet away from where the coals of their fire lay.

I had to wait hours for them to go to sleep. I was almost out of food. It was nasty stuff, too. These trail rations. Hard jerky and dried fruit. How did tales of adventures sound so glorious when the heroes had to eat this terrible crud.

I wanted fine food. Soft silks. I wanted to be back in Raratha, not crouched behind a bush and wrapped up in invisibility. I had to wait for them to fall asleep. To bed down and close their eyes. You'd think they could be accommodating and just pass out after a day riding, but Sir Bryce and Barg seemed to be in a competition to see who could fuck their women the longest. 

Men were such disgusting things.

Finally, they fell asleep. I waited another hour, struggling not to fall asleep myself. It was so boring. How did guards just stand around all day and not do anything? I could lounge away my day enjoying grapes being fed to me soaked in the pussy juices of my maids and having a naughty vixen devour my pussy for hours, her tongue giving me to orgasm after orgasm.

But to just sit here and do nothing but watch. I wanted to rip my hair out.

The stars wheeled overhead. They twinkled down at me. The moon shone silvery bright. It was time. I glanced at Saniyya. The submissive Djinn waved her hand. I didn't feel anything, but my body vanished even from my own sight. My hands. The tip of my nose at the bottom of my vision. I stared down at my form wrapped in my toga.

I was invisible.

I stripped that off. I couldn't afford to make any noise. It would rustle. Being naked didn't matter. I was invisible. No one could see me. I stepped out wearing only my traveling sandals and socks. I moved with care, sneaking like that dumb girl I used to be in that mud-stained farming village where I grew up. If I hadn't escaped there, I'd be a crone by now who wasted her life shoving mandrake bulbs up her snatch so a man could fuck me and fertilize the plant with his disgusting seed.

I focused on Illina. She slept beside Barg. The black-skinned monster lay on his belly snoring softly. She was on her back. And it was around her neck. My necklace. I could see the amethysts in the dying coals. I padded towards her, my excitement building and building. I would take it and flee. No more thoughts of revenge. No more trying to kill her friends and capture her.

I just needed my necklace back so I would stop aging. So I could escape my fated death. Every sunset, I aged another day. Too many would start to pile up. The fear of becoming old almost drove me to rush heedlessly at her. But I was so close to having it back.

I was the thief tonight. It was time for Illina to be robbed.

I reached her and held my breath. With delicate care, I grabbed the necklace and turned it to reach the clasp. My fingers shook as the gold chain slid along Illina's pale throat. If she woke up... My heart pounded so fast. It thundered in my chest, the blood pumping through tight veins. My head ached from the strain.

I found the clasp.

Monica bolted upright on the other side of the fire and shouted, She's here!

I froze.

Illina's green eyes snapped open. Her hands shot up and she grabbed my invisible wrists, her fingers seemingly wrapped around nothing. With a snarl, she twisted. I gasped as pain flared. The world blurred. Then I ended up on my back. The air burst from lungs in a wheezing gasp. Illina pivoted and straddled me. A dagger appeared in her hand.

Then it pressed against my throat.

A whimper of fear rushed through me. She had it right on my artery. I stared at it while the rest of my body went still. I trembled from my racing heartbeat. I didn't know what to do. She had me. She would kill me. I didn't want to die.

Alloria, Alloria, Alloria, Illina cooed, such malicious joy in her eyes. Each time she spoke, she pressed the dagger a little tighter into my throat. I could feel it there, poised to slash and spill my life's blood out. You've caused a lot of problems. Banish the invisibility or...

Do it! I screeched, my words coming out as a croaking shriek. Saniyya, remove the invisibility!

It went away as fast as it came, my nose appearing at the bottom of my vision. My body naked, straddled by the equally nude Illina. Her fiery hair swayed about her skin with that strange texture to it. Not quite human skin. Almost artificial.

Barg rose over me, staring down with flat eyes. Then Sir Bryce appeared, naked save for an amulet around his neck. A locket in Luben's colors, white and black checkers. His eyes were dangerous. Anger lurked in them.

Here's the bitch who hired those men to kill us in our sleep. Illina leaned down to me. Sir Bryce is a Paladin of Lagu. He doesn't like people who break the law. I think murder's a big one. I could be wrong. I'm a thief.

It's the biggest, said Sir Bryce, his voice a flat rumble.

So, you're fucked, aren't you, Lady Alloria? Illina said, not hiding her glee. Her green eyes hone.

Please! I gasped. I just wanted my property back. My necklace. You don't have to kill me. I have money. I can pay for my mistakes. I can make restitution.

If you wanted to buy it back, why, I could have been accommodating, Illina said. She pulled the dagger from my throat and then tapped my cheek with the flat of the blade. I'm very reasonable. Why, I'm sure we would have found a price that would have made me very happy.

Please! You don't have to execute me. I'm the wife of Lord Gregorin Korvan. He can pay any amount of fine, Sir Bryce. Just level it. I'm sorry my men were overzealous. They were just supposed to recover my necklace.

You don't expect us to believe that, do you? Illina asked.

I don't deliver justice, said Sir Bryce. I'm not a follower of Iustia. I follow Lagu. I care about the law. Those who break it need to be punished.

I shuddered.v
We're about to enter the territory of the Ten-It Elves. The law you have broken is Valyan. They do not have jurisdiction over you nor can we retreat to the nearest town tonight to hand you over to a magistrate.

They weren't going to immediately kill me. Hope surged through me. Okay. So... You'll let me go. I can just get my neckl

Did I say anything about releasing you? he growled. You almost harmed the most important person in the world to me. Fury blazed across his face. I am hunting down the greatest lawbreaker this world has ever known. He has flaunted custom and broken oaths. He has shattered so much. Left so much pain behind. Your petty actions almost let him escape any form of punishment for what he's done!

I quivered beneath his withering gaze. Fire burned inside of him. Anger. Rage. This criminal had hurt him personally. He didn't care about handing me over to justice because he sought something that mattered to him. That gave me an advantage.

I'll go. You'll never hear from me again. I just want my property back. Illina broke the law by stealing it from me.

And she is in my custody, said Sir Bryce.

She doesn't look it to me.

She is earning her redemption by helping.

I can help!

He sneered at me. No, you can't.

Then what are you going to do? I quivered there. 

I'll collar you. He said the words with such finality. I felt this sentence being passed on me. I quivered there, not sure what that meant. This can be done painfully or pleasurably.

Ooh, ooh, choose painfully, said Illina. Her eyes were bright as she squirmed on me. She slid the knife along my cheek, the sharp edge kissing me. If she pressed any harder.

What does pleasure involve? I asked. 

Sir Bryce glanced at Monica. The naked Secaran woman had padded up, her round breasts swaying. She wore her hair loose, the brown spilling around her youthful and almost innocent face. She studied me then nodded to the knight.

Did she give him permission?

It involves us having sex, said Sir Bryce. The moment I fire my seed in you, Lagu's enchantment shall settle on you. A collar that will bind you to me. You won't be able to get far. If you do, I will unleash pain on you. Disable you. Even if you can overcome the torment, I can track you to the ends of the earth.

And I will. One day. When I have finished with the lawbreaker, I will find you and see you executed for your crime.

I shuddered at the coldness in his words, but my pussy clenched. He had no idea what having sex with me would do. I couldn't smile. I couldn't show such joy. I was about to be free. I would own this paladin. He'd be my new boy toy.

Pleasure, I gasped. I choose pleasure. Just... get Illina off of me. I don't want her to cut me.

You're no fun, Illina said, tapping her knife's flat edge against the tip of my nose. I wanted to thank you for unleashing Kurg Widowmaker on me. That was such a wonderful gift. I soooo need to repay you for it. He almost killed my Barg.

You shouldn't have been a thief, I spat back at her.

She grinned at me and then slid off of me. She stood up and said, Have at her, Sir Bryce. I like how you can find ways to get out of that monogamy to enjoy a pretty woman.

We do what we must sometimes, growled the paladin at Illina.

He didn't like her. She didn't like him. This was perfect. Once he was in me, came in me, he would be mine. I would put an end to this dumb quest of his and channel the paladin into serving my law. I shuddered, my pussy getting wetter and wetter for him.

My hands slid down my body to the diamond-shaped patch of black pubic hair on my pudenda. I slid my fingers through my curls, toying with them while my pussy grew juicier and juicier for him. I just wanted him to slam into me. To fill me to the hilt.

It would be incredible. He would fuck me hard. He would pound me with such force. Ram into me. He would spill all that cum in me. My cunt clenched as my fingers slid down to my pussy. One more man to fuck to get my dreams.

I could handle it.

My digits stroked my lips as he moved between my thighs. He was hard. Eager. He might have gotten permission from Monica, but it was a formality. This man wanted me. They all did. So long as I was young and beautiful, I had power over them.

And once they were in my pussy, I would control them.

He seized my wrist and ripped my fingers from my twat. I shuddered at his strength. Here was a man who'd been in charge all his life. He was in his forties. Strong and mature, a hint of gray in his black hair. Not much. He had a weathered face. Strong lines. The epitome of masculine strength that made most women wet and quivering.

He thrust my fingers at Monica. Now she was more my type. Shaved pussy, round breasts, youthful and glowing with excitement. She already had pussy juices trickling down her thighs as she opened her mouth and sucked on my digits, cleaning off my tangy flavor.

Mmm, you like that, poppet? I cooed to Monica. Maybe once I'm collared, Sir Bryce will let me eat you out.

She slid her fingers from my mouth and moaned, Only if you needed healing. That's the only time I do anything sexual with anyone. 

Shame, you'd love my Barg's dick, Illina called. And so would you, Alloria. You'd howl your head off.

A shiver ran through me. After I had Sir Bryce, I needed to get Barg to fuck me. It would be so pleasant to have her own lover pin her down while I ripped the necklace off of her. Barg would help me break her in. Make Illina my slave. I'd keep her chained to my bed. She could lick my pussy whenever I wanted.

I find all the satisfaction I need with Bryce's cock, said Monica. She had heat in her voice. Steel in her spine. She faced Illina without flinching.

Sir Bryce seemed oblivious as he rubbed his finger up and down my pussy's folds. He stroked me, brushed my clit. I groaned as the pleasure burst through my body, my bud hypersensitive from my excitement. I would dominate both men. It would be incredible.

I shuddered on the bedding as that rough, calloused digit, so different from the soft touch I craved, caressed my clit. My cunt clenched, the heat rippling through my body. I bit my lip and moaned, my breasts jiggling. Sir Bryce loomed over me, that pale, Secaran skin of his contrasting with the bluish tone of mine. I squirmed, my large breasts jiggling.

This was perfect.

You're wet, he said and thrust a pair of fingers into me. Thick, stretching out my pussy. 

I gasped, Yes!

She's a whore, said Illina. All those noblewomen in Raratha are. The things they let me do to them.

I ignored her and quivered on his digits, waiting for his cock to penetrate me. It was worth fucking a man to dominate him. My toes curled as those serious eyes of his bored in on me. He would be ravishing me soon. He would be fucking me. Pounding me. He would plunge that dick into the depths of my pussy and make me cum.

It would be glorious. I clamped down on him and quivered there, my heart racing. My blood pumped hot through my veins. I whimpered and groaned, my cunt clenching down on his digits. The heat rushed through me.

Those fingers stirred me up. They felt incredible in me. I quivered, my hips wiggling from side to side as he worked his digits in and out of me. My toes curled. It would be such a wild delight to feel him in me.

You're too ready for this, he said, his brow furrowing.

You're just so sexy, I cooed, putting all my sensual desires I could fake into it. He couldn't be suspicious. I love a big, strong man ravishing me. My hands shot up. I rubbed at his hard muscles, his swaying amulet brushing the inside of my wrists. Was he married to this Monica? A Lubenite ceremony? No wonder he had to ask her permission.

Luben was such a stuffy god. Love should be free, not bound in marriage.

Fuck me! Collar me! I'll show you that I'm compliant. That I just want this misunderstanding cleared up.

He ripped his fingers out of my cunt, leaving me gasping, then he was on me. He rammed his dick to the hilt in me. I shuddered in delight, knowing my magic would chain him. He would be mine. My pussy clung to him, reveling in his dick burying to the hilt in me. My clit burst with sparks. His balls smacked with heavy weight into my taint.

Yes! I moaned, my twat squeezing about him. I reveled in being filled by him. The pleasure was exquisite. It surged through me. I groaned, my hips dancing from side to side. I savored every inch of his dick filling me up. Oh, yes, yes, Sir Bryce, collar me!

My arms slid around him as he lowered his weight. His amulet pressed between my large tits. My thighs gripped him. I wouldn't let him go. I would hold him in me. My pussy clenched around his dick as he hammered me.

He didn't hold back. This mighty paladin fucked me like a warrior. My eyes widened at the powerful plunges of his cock. His thick bush rubbed into my shaved cuntlips as he buried his dick to the hilt in me. His heavy balls smacked into my taint, full of that cum.

Yes, yes, yes! I gasped. I love it when a big, strong man fucks me! Ooh, you love my pussy, don't you?

He didn't answer. He just grunted, his strong chest pressing into my large breast. My nipples rubbed into his iron-hard flesh. His woman knelt beside us, rubbing at her twat and staring at us with a feverish light.

She bit her lower lip and quivered as he drilled his cock deep into me. Hard. He buried to the hilt in me again and again. I gasped, the pleasure building in me. His virile strokes had my body responding. 

Treacherous flesh.

My cunt squeezed down on his girth. He reached so deep into me. Plunged so far. I groaned, delight rippling through me. My fingernails clawed at his back as I gasped and whimpered. I cried out my rapture as his thick dick buried into me over and over again.

Hard. Fast. Powerful plunges.

I squeezed my eyes shut. I quivered beneath him. He rammed his dick into me with such power. He buried that big dick into my cunt. I gasped, my back arching. My twat gripped his hard shaft, increasing the friction.

Feeding my orgasm.

Gods! I moaned. Pater's cock, yes!

He snarled and slammed even harder into me. He buried his dick to the hilt in my cunt with his powerful blows. I shuddered beneath him. This was incredible. He plundered me with such intensity. I groaned and quivered. I was buffeted by this wild passion. I couldn't believe the strength of him. The virile passion.

Collar her, my love, Monica moaned. Then I shall suck your cock clean of her juices.

That sent me over the edge. I exploded. My pussy convulsed around his cock. I bucked beneath him, the enchantment of my pussy flowing into him. The pleasure rushed out of my snatch and washed over my mind. His dick rammed into me.

Gods! he growled and erupted. 

The first blast of his hot cum into me sealed the spell. He was mine.

Lagu, he snarled as spurt after spurt of his seed pumped into my cunt, bind this criminal to my care so that she may have her parole, free of shackles. If she violates her agreement, let the sentence pass. 

The spell sealed around me. I gasped. As I claimed him, he claimed me. Magic swirled around us. The blessing of a Goddess danced with the enchantment in my cunt. His eyes opened. He felt it, too. I shuddered beneath him, cumming even harder.

My pussy spasmed and writhed around his cock while his cum filled me. Ecstasy drowned my mind. It spilled over my thoughts, consuming them. It felt incredible. I gasped out to the world. I shuddered, savoring every last moment of this wonderful rapture. It boiled across my mind. 

Yes, yes, yes! I screamed. Oh, gods, this is amazing!

My pussy writhed with such passion. My cunt convulsed with wild delight. I loved every moment of it. Every second of this ecstatic joy. My pussy spasmed and celebrated his cock burying to the hilt in me.

Spurting in me.

What was going on? I shouldn't love this.

Sir Bryce!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sir Bryce

I spilled the last of my seed and ripped out of the woman. Magic surged through me. It gripped my soul. It clutched at my essence. I staggered back, grabbing my amulet, holding the last memento I had of my wife. My heart hammered in my chest. 

What did you do to me? I growled as I stared down at Alloria.

The blue-skinned woman shuddered there, beautiful, glorious. Like the sunrise. Like a summer sky in all its azure majesty. Bountiful breasts, large and made to be worshiped. Supple thighs. Her youthful face with her plump, red lips. Black hair, as glossy as it was dark, spilling around her face. Her juicy pussy demanding my cock. 

I ached for her like I never had for my wife.

I wanted to fall to my knees and suck on her toes. Lick up her thighs. I wanted to bathe her tits in my saliva. My fists balled tight. Rage surged through me as she panted, a look of shock on her own face. Her hands went to her throat as she struggled not to speak.

My pussy is enchanted! she gasped out, her red eyes bulging. Any man who spills his seed in me is dominated by me.

That's how you got all those men to try to kill us? Illina demanded. Then a look of revulsion crossed her face. You fucked Kurg Widowmaker?

No! Alloria said with such vehemence. Her words were beautiful. Glorious. I just paid him, but the others... I just wanted my necklace back. Sir Bryce, take it from her.

I felt the desire to obey her. It wasn't magical but birthed out of my attraction to her. She was so beautiful, I wanted to do things for her, but she was also my prisoner. She had to obey me thanks to the collar about her throat.

No, I growled.

She gasped. You have to obey me. She fluttered her eyes at me. Don't you love me? Worship me?

I do. I slammed my fist into my thigh out of anger. I Las-damned do want to worship you. You're gorgeous, Alloria. The most beautiful woman in the damned world, but I'm not a slave.

Bryce? Monica asked. She looked at him with confusion.

Gods, I want to flip her over and fuck her from behind, I growled. I want to slam my cock back into her.

You can, the bitch moaned. The temptress. Her beguiling, red eyes stared up at me with such hunger. Just give me back my necklace.

Why do you need it? I growled, so tempted. It was just a dumb trinket. I could give it to her. Rip it off that smug Illina's neck. I knew what game the thief was up to. I could tolerate it, and her, for now.

I need it to stay young, gasped Alloria. Her face twisted. I don't want to grow old. It's enchanted. Look at me. Do you want this perfection to be ruined.

Gods, I groaned, my dick throbbing hard. I wanted that so badly. 

So don't you want to get it back for me? Her seductive, wheedling voice rippled through my thoughts. They entwined around my mind. What was the harm? Why not make her happy? Then I could fuck her again. I could revel in the embrace of her body.

I would be her slave.

She was the lawbreaker. Her minions tried to murder me.

No, I growled. She can keep it. You need to be punished.

But it's mine! she said.

Gained by that enchantment on your pussy? I demanded. How did you get it?

I... I... blackmailed a mage to make it for me, she spat out. She closed her eyes. But he was more than happy to do it after I told him what I wanted..

A lie, I growled. And who is that Saniyya you shouted for? The one who dropped your invisibility?

My Djinn. Frustration rippled across Alloria's face. Why do I keep talking. It's... This... Does the collar make me your slave?

No, I growled.

The domination half-reflected back on her, Monica said. She stared at us. Your blessing and her enchantment are entwined. They got snarled up. The effects are rippling through you both. She... knotted you together.

Gods, no, groaned Alloria. I can't want a man. I hate men, but... but...

Yes, I growled. I wanted to fall to my knees and fuck her. Where did you get a Djinn?

I made Kargon give her to me, she groaned, her eyes fixed on my cock. She sat up and grabbed my dick. I shuddered at her touch. He was a bad mage. A warlock. I made him give her to me. She's my slave. 

No longer, I growled. I didn't need this woman causing more mischief. I shuddered. You don't need a slave. You have me.

I do, she moaned, rubbing my tip into her cheek, smearing her pussy juices across her smooth skin.

Release her, I ordered.

She glared up at me for a moment. It's so unfair that I have to take orders from you. Why don't you obey me.

It's all I can do not to worship you, I growled, seeing the pain in her eyes. I could soothe it. She didn't need to release her Djinn.

I beat that down. I had to strip from her anyway for her to commit mischief. Her damn pussy could ruin everything. I had Monica's trust and love. I needed that if we were to defeat the bastard who killed my wife. I couldn't let anything jeopardize that, but... but...

Saniyya! Alloria shouted. You're free. Go back to Hargone. Find another master. An efreet or whatever. I don't care.

Yes, Alloria, a voice said, drifting out of the darkness.

She didn't even call me Lady Alloria, groaned the noblewoman. Her eyes stared up at me with such heat blazing in them. Happy?

Yes, I growled, her anger only making me want her more. To jam my cock into her mouth. To choke her throat with cum and then eat out her pussy. How in the name of Las's foul cum and Illth's rotting girl-dick do we break your spell?

I don't know. She licked the tip of my cock. Do you think I want to worship this glorious dick? I like women. Girls with tight slits and juicy quims. Their feminine fingers caressing me. I like to fuck them with strap-ons, not want to be fucked but... but... Gods, what a beautiful dick you have.

She sucked it into her mouth. I closed my eyes, groaning against the surge of pleasure that shot down my cock. My heart pounded in my chest as she nursed on me. Her lips sealed tight. Her tongue was lithe as it danced around my tip.

Monica pressed against me. Her round breasts rubbed into my arms. Her nipples hard. She stroked my naked stomach. Her hazel eyes met mine, a soft smile on her lips. She was beautiful, her heart-shaped face lovely to gaze at, but... but...

Alloria outshone her. Outshone all women.

Sorry, I growled, unable to muster the will to stop the radiant creature from sucking on my cock. Her lips bobbed up and down on my shaft. Anger boiled through me at my lack of self-control. I... I...

It's okay, Monica cooed. She stroked my arm, a gentle caress. Don't worry. I know it's not you. We'll share her together, my love.

Her eyes shone with the honesty of her feelings. The tension relaxed around my heart as Monica's hand closed over the amulet I wore. She held it tight as she rose on her tiptoes, bringing her succulent lips closer.

Alloria hadn't ruined things with her enchanted cunt.

As she kissed me, I closed my eyes and let the soft caress of her lips soothe away all the tension. My lips moved on hers. I kissed her with hunger. Her tongue darted forward. She drove it inside of my mouth, teasing and dancing with mine. My left hand slipped down to cup her ass, squeezing and kneading on her while Alloria bobbed her head.

She sucked with such eagerness. My right hand rested on her head, savoring the feel of her perfect, silky hair. She bobbed her head with such hunger on my cock. My balls tightened. That wonderful delight of her sucking mouth sent such pleasure surging down my shaft. 

My balls tightened as she worshiped my dick. She sucked with wild hunger. Her tongue danced and swirled. She teased me. My chest rose and fell. The pleasure she gave me had me grinning into the kiss with Monica.

She broke it. Mmm, just cum in her mouth, my love. Then I'm going to lick her pussy clean of all your spunk while you fuck me from behind. How does that sound?

Perfect, I groaned, surrendering utterly into this life.

I don't mind sharing you, Monica cooed. She'll be the exception to our monogamy. Something we adapt to until we figure out how to break the spell.

Yes! I growled, an idea crystallizing in my mind. How to fix this. Yes, yes, that's perfect.

Alloria sucked with hunger, the pressure rising and rising in my balls. My nuts tightened as her head bobbed. She worshiped my cock with need. Desire. She wanted my cum flooding her mouth. To taste my seed.

I would give it to her. Feed it to the slut. The goddess-whore who worshiped me, and who I wanted to worship back. Monica would be our priestess. Our intermediary. She would writhe with us, sharing in our passion.

That's it, I snarled. You want that seed. You're going to drink it all.

Alloria's red eyes stared up at me with such intensity.

Ooh, she wants it bad, groaned Monica, her shaved pussy rubbing on my left thigh. I squeezed her rump. Spill all that jizz into her, Bryce.

Yes, I growled. 

My dick throbbed and ached in her hungry mouth. The pressure built and built at the tip with her every suck. Her lips slid up and down my shaft, the suction incredible. Her tongue caressed over the surface.

Her hand cradled my balls. She kneaded them with care, massaging them. Her touch sent them boiling over. It happened. That powerful explosion burst inside of my nuts. The cum rushed out of them and fired into her mouth.

Gods, yes! I snarled. Slata's hairy cunt! Drink it, slut!

She sucked hard on my cock as my jizz blasted into her mouth. The rapture slammed into my thoughts. I gripped Monica's ass, her juicy pussy grinding on my thigh, while the ecstasy blazed through my body.

Alloria sucked out every drop of cum I hard. She drank it down then slid her mouth off and moaned, Let's share your woman, Bryce. Mmm, I want to feel her eating your cum out of me. Then I could do the same with her.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Leywife Monica

I fell to my knees between Alloria's bluish thighs. Valyan women had such wonderful skin color. I slid my pale fingers over her azure flesh. Supple and soft. My fingers slid towards her shaved pussy. She had that delicious diamond-pattern sculpted on her pubic mound, the black curls looking so soft.

You are a beautiful woman, Lady Alloria, I said, being polite.

And you're a cute thing, poppet, she cooed, a big smile on her lips. Come on, lick me clean. Lick our man's cum out of me.

I shuddered. Our man. I liked the sound of that. I was supposed to be one wife of five. I had been prepared to be in the harem of Bishop Tomas Sanderian. Marrying me, a Leywife of Pater, would have elevated him to the leadership of the Church of Pater. It was why he chose me. I didn't mind. I would be serving my God through him.

We would avenge him and the others that evil man slew.

I buried my face into Alloria's pussy to push down my emotions. Hot cunt lips rubbed against my lips. That tangy delight had me shuddering. I licked at her. My tongue danced over her cunt, gathering up her cream and Bryce's salty cum leaking out of her.

It was wonderful to lick cum out of a woman's pussy. I wiggled my hips, my twat on fire. My pregnant juices ran down my stomach as I waited for him to ram his cock into me. He grabbed my ass with his left hand. I knew he was lining up at my pussy.

I trembled in anticipation, my tongue lapping up cum and cream.

His cock nuzzled into my pussy.

Fuck her, groaned Alloria, her large breasts jiggling. They formed two lush piles. Fuck her hard. She needs it.

I really, really did.

Bryce's cock rammed into me. I moaned into Alloria's pussy as the wonderful delight of being filled by his cock sent pleasure rippling through my body. My cunt clamped down on him. I plunged my tongue deep into Alloria's cunt, trying to give her a fraction of the delight that dick gave me.

My twat clamped down on him as he pulled back, my pregnant pussy rejoicing in the pleasure he delivered to me. My hips wiggled from side to side, stirring his dick around me. Juices spilled down my thighs. A thick and wonderful trickle that had my cunt on fire. His balls smacked into my clit.

Pater, yes! I moaned into her cunt.

Mmm, he's fucking you hard, isn't he, poppet? cooed Alloria.

Gods, he is! I moaned, wiggling my hips from side to side, stirring my twat around that thick dick fucking into me. He knows just how to make me quiver. He's amazing. His dick is stirring me up with his hard plunges.

Good. Alloria stroked my brown hair. Because you are digging out all that cum in me. It's so delicious. I never enjoyed jizz before, but his... I know it's just the spell, but I want more. I want so much more of his spunk.

I knew what she meant.

My tongue dug into her pussy, licking out that salty cum seasoned by her tangy juices. At the same time, his cock plunged in hard and fast into my cunt. He fucked me with powerful strokes. He rammed that big dick into me and had me shuddering. My hips wiggled from side to side, rejoicing in his dick filling me up.

It was an incredible cock, too. Just amazing to savor plunging into my pussy. He would make me cum so hard. I couldn't wait for that amazing moment. Every thrust of his thick cock into my pussy churned me up, his balls smacking at my clit over and over.

Sparks burst through my cunt with each impact. Soon, they would start a fire blazing in me.

My sweet Monica, groaned Bryce. Mmm, she's got a delicious pussy, Alloria.

And tongue, gasped the Valyan beauty. Oh, yes, yes, she's lapping out all your cum. She's feasting on me. She's such a hungry thing.

I was.

Pump her full of cum so I can lick her clean! Just flood the poppet with all that wonderful spunk!

Yes! snarled Bryce.

He fucked me harder. I groaned in delight. My tongue wiggled deep into Alloria's twat, searching for more jizz, as Bryce's dick stimulated me. He massaged every inch of my cunt. He set every bit of me on fire. I rejoiced. I moaned and gasped, squeezing about him.

He grunted. Groaned. My pussy pleasured him as much as his cock fulfilled me. Making love was such a wonderful sharing of delight. I worked my tongue into Alloria's cunt, stimulating her flesh. She gasped, her thighs squeezing about me, her tangy juices growing hotter and hotter.

I couldn't find any more jizz to lick out of her.

So I fluttered my tongue up to her clit. I sucked on it. She gasped. Her big boobs heaved and smacked together. The pleasure rippled through my body. It was incredible to enjoy. I wiggled my hips from side to side, stirring his dick around in my pussy. His balls smacked into my clit.

Pleasure brimmed in me.

Gods, I'm going to pump your pussy so full of cum! my love growled. His hands slid up my body and cupped my breasts. He massaged my nipples. Just flood you with my seed.

I want that, my love! I groaned. Then I'll feed it to Alloria while you fuck her.

A never-ending feast of cum and pussy! gasped Alloria. Oh, poppet! Bryce!

The Valyan woman bucked. Her tangy juices gushed out of her. They bathed my face. I reveled in the flavor of her. The feel of her passion spilling over my cheeks and chin. I drank down her delight as Bryce buried into my pregnant pussy.

His balls cracked into my clit. Sparks fell on my impending climax.

I blazed with rapture.

I joined her in orgasmic ecstasy. The pleasure burned through my body. It consumed my mind. Flames of ecstasy blazed across my thoughts. I loved it. My pussy convulsed and writhed around Bryce's cock while I moaned my pleasure into Alloria's pussy.

She bucked against me, smearing her hot cunt against my face as I lapped up her juices. My own twat spilled cream down my thighs, the flood gushing out around Bryce's cock ramming into my convulsing depths, feeding more fuel onto my climatic fires.

Gods, yes! he growled and erupted.

Oh, Bryce, yes, yes! I moaned in delight as his seed pumped into me.

Sweet poppet! groaned Alloria as she trembled through her own pleasure. She squirmed on the ground, grinding her pussy on my mouth. I licked and lapped up her juices, feasting on them as she quivered through her rapture. 

The three of us would have so much fun on our quest. I rubbed my face into her, so glad for a pleasurable ending to all of this. I know Bryce would one day find a way to free himself from the tangle of emotions, but I would enjoy having a woman in our relationship until then.

I would love them both.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Stefan Halian  Carithia, Kingdom of Valya

They stayed in this room, Ahlona, I said, grinning as I paced back and forth. I was excited. My angel lay on the bed, her pussy leaking with my seed. I had fucked her hard on the bed. Just last night, Ahlona. Last night!

I know, she said, amused. 

It wasn't the first time I said these words, but my excitement bubbled through me. Tomorrow, if we push the horses and use my magic, we'll have them. By nightfall, we'll bring justice to the man who murdered my mother and plots to kill our divine father!

Yes, we will, Ahlona said. You're first heroic deed. It makes me so wet. Her wings fluttered. I need more from my hero. I need to be ravished again.

I grinned at her. Tomorrow night. One more day and I would avenge my mother. Dick throbbing hard, I advanced on my angel.

To be continued...
