TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright  February 2009 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for profit.  This story may be freely distributed for personal use with this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(Cuck, M+/F, MM, Impreg, FemDom, MDom)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE


TITLE:  An Understanding Husband 
Author: C.D.E.

CAST:
Larry - Husband
Lois - Wife


	My wife Lois is a very beautiful and stunning looking woman.

	Many would classify her as a dick magnet.

	While we love each other very much and have a good solid marriage, there is one slight problem I have with my wife.

	That problem is that she's a chronic cheater.

	Handsome and better endowed guys than me are always after her trying to get in her panties.  And unfortunately, many have been successful.

	Lois tries to avoid having affairs, but even she admits that she has had a lot of difficulty in doing so.

	We have 5 children and all of them are the results of her affairs with other handsome studs, that have seduced and impregnated her.

	Lois and I know that we have a strong love for each other, and I have been understanding with each of her failures to be faithful to me.

	Because of our love for each other, she and I have always concluded that there was no need for us to separate, or divorce because she happened to have gotten pregnant a few times from illicit relationships.

	It hurts that such things happen in a marriage, but as I'm a very understanding, as well as unpretentious, non confrontational type guy, I was willing to forgive and forget her infidelities.

	 Her beauty has always captivated me and plus, I really love her, and I understand that mistakes happen.  One thing that I have come to realize about being married to Lois is that I have to be an understanding husband.

	I was told that having a beautiful voluptuous wife is difficult, as other men will never leave her alone and constantly offer her temptation to stray.  So I attributed her failures to abide by her marriage vows manly to external influences from other men, even if Lois has always been some what of a flirt herself.

	As I see it, even if she is an incorrigible flirt, the guy that sees a ring on her hand knows she's married, and should know her actions are not to be taken seriously enough to fuck her.  But alas, it appears that many men have no scruples or sexual restraint.

	Over the years, as regard the several pregnancies and resulting babies, I've accepted all the children as ours and continued to march on with our loving relationship, and not look back at spilled milk, or in our case, spilled jism in my wife's unprotected womb. 

	I want our marriage to work, so I work hard at it. 

	Early in our marriage, after several discovered affairs and two babies by other men, we had a long talk about our marital situation.  As a result, Lois and I accepted that it was just too difficult for her to be monogamous in our marriage.   So therefore we concluded that she shouldn't try to be, if it's just too hard for her to do so.

	Instead we decided that our  marriage would be open for her, but she insisted that I honor all my wedding vows, especially being faithful to her.

	Honey, it's very apparent my needs are different than yours, and since you really can't satisfy them, it's only right that I have more freedom than you in the marriage.  She gave me as her rationale.

	I hated it, but her reasoning was sound.  After thinking things over and knowing my options were limited since I wanted to remain her husband, I capitulated and agreed with her. Being the optimist I am, I consoled myself mentally as I told myself that at  least I wouldn't have to worry about her cheating on me again.  That is, since now she won't have to hide her indiscretions.
 
	Also, Lois has had problems with several brands of birth control pills and drugs due to severe side effects. 

	Therefore, every since we've been married, she concluded it was best for me to wear condoms as our birth control. 

	She also finds diaphragms uncomfortable.  

	The bad news is that many of her studs don't use, or see it as insulting to use rubbers with such a delectable hot wet cunt as Lois's.  Her men friends have told her so many times.  She loves the praise and often is too weak to stop them from taking her raw and unprotected and filling her pussy full of their abundant virile semen.

	My wife calls such occurrences accidental sex, since she had no plans on having sex with the guy.

	 It was Lois who came up with a plan.  She showed me a report from the Internet that indicated that if I put my mouth to work on her cum filled pussy within 6 hours after the last ejaculation in her snatch, we'd have a very strong chance of preventing her accidental insemination.

	The report indicated it should be the husband who did the cunt sucking, as he had the best incentive to suck strong and long, to insure that his wife's pussy was sucked out properly.

	She got me to see that if she had a failure of sexual faithfulness and gave into the seduction of a well hung stud, she would as soon as possible, get me to suck all his sperm out of her pussy. 

	So that's been the system we've employed after the birth of our first child between her and her lover. She thinks it has been relatively successful since we've only had 5 failures of her getting pregnant all these years.

	She thinks without my mouth suction, we possibly would have had several more children from her various extra marital liaisons.

	As I said earlier being an understanding husband is critical to making a marriage a success, as I'm sure that many husbands would have some reluctance about sucking up other men's cum from their adulterous wife's well fucked muff. But as I see it, an understanding husband would do what needs to be done.

	Getting accustomed to the taste of her used, freshly fucked, hot, semen oozing  pussy, wasn't as difficult as I had assumed it would be.  In fact, since Lois really gets off on having me nosily slurp up her other men's jism from her sloppy wet pussy, me doing that for her has only enhanced and strengthen the love between us.

	You see, as she and I have discussed, the root causes of her infidelities are:, one, my ability to satisfy her with my under endowment - that is, my small prick.  Number two, her weakness for better endowed and tall handsome, aggressive studs.

	The outcome of our discussion was that she let me know how much she cherished me sucking her used pussy after another man fucks her.  I know she really gets much pleasure from mounting my head and plopping her wet, sloppy, and dripping hairy, but trim, snatch on my face. Her orgasms are very intense and she exhibits a lot of gymnastics as she gyrates and bucks and scrubs her dense frothy slimy bush against my face.

	Even though I still feel a bit embarrassed, and somewhat humiliated, I love that I please her so.  It boosts my ego greatly knowing I can compete in some way, pleasing her as well as her other lovers, even if it's in a reverse of what they do.  That is, I have to suck out what they put in her.  And I have to admit, I do suck out a lot of their jism.

	Another thing I have noticed is that there appears to be a pattern to her becoming inseminated.  Our kids are all 2 years 9 months apart in age.  She says it's just a coincidence, but I always get nervous when we reach that 33 month span of time separation between our kids.  In other words, the math shows that whenever the last baby she's delivered turns 2 years old, Lois seems to come up pregnant. 

	I noticed this pattern after the third baby was born.  And sure enough, when the third baby turned 2 years old, she accidentally got impregnated with the fourth one.  And when when the fourth baby turned 2 years old, she accidentally got impregnated with the fifth one - our most current and last arrival.  So I still think that my worry is well justified.

	However, I have to give credit to Lois.  She really is a good wife at heart, even if she just can't be faithful to me. And she's a super mom to our kids and adores them dearly.  

	She is also a pro-lifer and abhors the thought of having an abortion. Something she has severely criticized me for even thinking about.

	No darling, I must suffer for my failings.  It is necessary for me to bear my shame for doing this to you, who are such a fine and good and devoted loving husband.  And because you are so loving, I also see it as you having the  opportunity to demonstrate just how much you love and care for me by accepting and raising another man's child.

	I sincerely appreciated that my wife thinks so much of me, but sometimes I worry about the strength and soundness of her rationales.

	Well anyway, even if her logic is a little mixed up, I know her heart and intent are in the right places.  So, I've accepted all her illegitimate children as our own, and they all carry my name. 

	Incidentally, even though all of our children have my last name, their first or Christian names, are the same or direct derivatives of their biological fathers. Lois insisted on naming them that way so as to have the results of her more serious infidelities facing her everyday.

	They remind me of my weaknesses, and therefore by doing so, is bound to make me stronger.  She said to me in earnest.

	When I look at our children, I also can't help but be reminded of the men who sired them.  But I can't be angry at the kids.  It's just not in me.  Besides, my mother  and Lois's mom too - constantly reminds me that I should bear no ill will toward these innocent children, and I don't.

	Larry, I knew you were the right husband for my Lois.  I told her she needed a nice boy like you who was understanding, sensitive, tolerant, and compassionate, as well as a hard worker and a good provider.

	I was so glad she followed my advice and didn't marry a lesser husband who wasn't level headed or would let his ego get in the way of keeping a good marriage together, no matter if Lois was a bit adulterous, or had a few babies by her other lovers. 

	And Larry, I can tell you without a doubt, she is so much in love with you and is always boasting what a wonderful husband you are to put up with her, and accept as your own, all the children she's had that don't look anything like you.

	You are a wonderful son-in-law Larry, and as I've always said, that's why they have for better or worse in the marriage vows, so that the marriage can weather little bumps in the road as what you two have experienced.  

	Lois's mom's words of wisdom always makes me feel better about myself, whenever I get a little down about my marital situation.  It's also a boost to my ego to hear her emphasize my strengths as a husband.

	Lois gets a lot of attention from all sorts of guys, and many are always calling the house to talk with her or leaving messages, even when I answer the phone.  I keep telling her not to give out our phone number, but that seems to be another weakness of hers.  She also tells them that I don't mind taking messages for her.

	I'm not thrilled about doing it, but because she's asked me to take messages from her callers, I do.

	She chides me about being a worrywart, as she thinks it's okay to phone flirt with guys after also having flirted with them in person.

	It makes me angry that many of her men friends who call her, and especially the studs who've inseminated her, often don't show me the respect, I think I'm due as her husband.

	In addition, the men who've inseminated her, feel like she sort of owes them sex on demand for giving us a baby in our family.  In other words, they seem to be holding their paternity claims to our kids over our heads.

	She says it's necessary for her to continue to date and frequently have sex with the men whom she has made babies with, in that she doesn't want them claiming any paternity rights toward our kids.  Another separate issue she brought up has something to do with what she calls the emotional connection that occurs too.

	"Plus honey, I guess I sort of see some of what they're saying. You see, there is sort of an unspoken emotional bond between a man and a woman when they have sex and a baby results from it.  It's that bonding between me and the guys that makes me feel that I should still put out for them.  No offense darling, and don't take this as me disrespecting you, because I love you very much, but what a guy and I did to produce a baby is still special to both he and I.

	And Larry honey, and I don't mean to hurt you, but because you don't have the equipment between your legs to do what it takes to make a woman feel that way, you'll just have to take my word for it and accept he and I getting together when the urge hits either of us to fuck.

	I hated to admit it to myself, but I sort of understood where she was coming from.  I know many folks would say that I'm a weak sniveling wimp and pantywaist because I'm an understanding guy, especially when my wife is justifying her actions and feelings to me, her husband, - and still fucking - another guy that knocked her up.

	But one of the things I adore about my wife Lois is that she's open and honest.  Even if she tells you things that hurt, she tries to make you feel good about it.  She was and is more sexually sophisticated than I'll ever be, so it stood to reason that I should take her word and accept her opinion on this subject. That's also part of being an understanding husband too.

	With our first child, I took it upon myself to confront the biological father about him wanting to have sex on demand from my wife, just because they made a baby together.  That didn't work out too well, as he had the nerve to threaten to beat me up if I didn't give my wife permission to fuck him.  He also demanded that I tell my wife that he was a better man than me, and that I was a pussy whipped wimp and pantywaist.

	Being easily intimidated, I took his demand very seriously about him assaulting me.  I attempted to escape before committing to deliver the message he demanded I deliver.  However, with him being much bigger than me, he seized me.  When I still wouldn't agree to tell my wife such a despicable thing as he was demanding, he forced me to my knees, slapped me and forced me to suck on his cock.

	I didn't want to submit to him, but with the vice grip he had on my head and fearing for my safety, I settled down and did as he demanded.  His dick was really hard and thick and easily stuffed my mouth and throat.  After what seemed like an eternity, he ejaculated and flooded my mouth with his gooey hot slimy semen.  He made sure I swallowed it all. He also made me continue milking him for a long while afterwards too.  And to add insult to injury, he had me kiss his balls and thank him for being allowed to suck him off.

	"Now you little cocksucker, go tell your wife what I told you to tell her in the first place.  And when I want to fuck her, I want you to bring her by my place, and come pick her up after I've fucked her." Needless to say, I left him feeling very embarrassed and distressed.

	I also hate to say it, or admit it to myself, but from that first hand encounter with his dick, I've gained a new appreciation of his sexual prowess, as well as the accounts my wife has told me of her fuck sessions with her other well endowed studs.   

	I know for certainty now that me and my 4 inches are both outclassed and out gunned by her better endowed men friends.

	Well anyway, it was with extreme trepidation and discomfort when I delivered his message to my wife Lois.  But I have to say, she really showed me great love and compassion as she smiled and hugged me after I finally stammered it out to her.

	I  left out the part of him forcing me to go down on him.  I just told her he hit me and I that I saw that the smart thing to do was to concede to her lover.

	I understand Larry darling.  You did the right thing, and you're so brave to have tried  to stand up to him.  And if it's any consolation, I don't see you as a pussy whipped wimp and pantywaist.  But honey, remember, you're just not man enough to stand up to my men friends. So promise me it won't happen again.

	With my head hung and looking very sheepish, I softly made the promise she asked.

	And from now on, it's best if you let me and my pussy handle situations like this. Okay?

	Again I acquiesced to my wife and indicated I would defer to her to handle such threats and demands against our marriage by her studs and lovers, as she saw fit.

	After all was said and done, I thought I had come out of this situation with some of my husbandly esteem in tact.  But later, to my chagrin, I later learned that her lover couldn't keep from telling her that he had indeed made me suck his big cock.

	Larry, we are suppose to be open with each other.  You should have told me he made you suck his dick and swallow all his cum. Lois said as she chided me for not being totally honest and forthright with her.

	I was standing before her with my head hung, as she stood before me with her hands on her hips and in a defiant posture.  I felt like a little boy taking a loud verbal lashing from his mother.

	After her initial loud verbal onslaught, she lowered her voice.

	But honey, your having sucked his lovely cock only demonstrates that I indeed picked the right guy for a husband. I love you darling. And remember, a good and loving courageous husband would suck a cock for his wife.  She added smiling.

	I felt small in her eyes and so much less manly than the men she constantly put out for, but her words did console me.

	Well that has been a few years ago, and he no longer requires me to drop Lois off at his door steps (can you believe he actually required me to escort her to his door and wait for him to answer, as well as pick her up at his after he fucked her too?).  Now he no longer needs me to chauffeur my wife to his place every since Lois had me give him a key to our house.

	And needless to say, after the above experience with the biological father of our first born, I have supported my wife to the fullest, as she dealt with similar demands from the biological fathers of our other kids.

	When she returns from these sex dates with the biological fathers of our kids  incidentally, she has named them "my husbands-in-laws" - she always demands that I give her drippy pussy a thorough sucking.  It outrages me that none of them use rubbers or that they always get her raw and unencumbered by a condom.  They always leave her luscious cunt so gloppy and a mess.  But, alas, what can I do about it, for that's how my wife has seen fit to deal with them, and as a result, that's how I have to deal with the matter too.

	During her second pregnancy, and her other three since then, she has enlisted my aid in helping her out when she reached a time when she wasn't able to have sex with my so called "husbands-in-laws". 

	I was a little embarrassed to do as she insisted in offering my mouth to them for their horny throbbing dicks.  She made me remember my forced cocksucking experience with my first husband-in-law, and reminded me that a good husband would suck cocks for his wife, if she needed him to.

	I was very reluctant to do so, but to keep the peace between us, and prove to her I was indeed her soul mate, and marriage helpmate, I gave in and did help my husbands-in-laws with the needed relief for their hard dicks.

	  I discovered that after the first, and each subsequent time, you become less and less sensitive to the embarrassment of being a cocksucker and a cum sucker for your wife's well endowed and brawny studs.

	Their dicks are so big and hard, but I have gotten accustomed to handling them, and fondling their big hairy nut sacs, as they stuff my mouth and literally fuck my face.

	As was mentioned earlier in this story, I was forced to suck my first husband-in-law's dick.  However, when I later voluntarily did it, it was far less stressful.  And it really helped that I was already acclimated to the taste of spent sperm that I've suck so much of from my wife's pussy.

	One other thing I must say about being a cocksucker for my  husband-in-laws, is that sucking their dicks regularly has reduced the tension and friction between them and me.  You know, because they're the Alpha males, and I'm the Beta male thing.

	I know on my part, that a lot of my anger at them, as well as my own shame and feeling of disgrace, has  evolved into outright awe of their sexual equipment and prowess, as they repeatedly stuff my mouth with their stalwart rigid penises and flood it with their abundant, scorching slimy ejaculate.

	And on their part, I sense that they are showing more civility toward me the more I've sucked them off.  When they call up now, they ask me, in a civil tone, to suck their throbbing horny cocks.  When before, they demanded or ordered me to do so in a loud, condescending, rough tone of voice.

	I see that as a positive even if I still have to do that for them on demand and suffer them calling me things such as sissy boy, mouth pussy, pussy boy or  bitch boy.

	The good thing is that, so far anyway, none of our children's' biological fathers have re-inseminated her.

	Lois has also gotten me to see that my providing them my mouth for their ejaculate, even when she's not pregnant, probably has contributed to this also. They all use me quite often for quickie blow jobs when they come by our house and my wife is away.

	I'm amazed at well I've accommodated giving impromptu blow jobs, sometimes a couple of times a week, to each of my 5 husband-in-laws, and doing all the other things that I have to do for Lois and the kids, including working a full and a part time job.

	I always babysit the kids while my wife is out socializing with their real fathers, or with new guys that she goes out with on Platonic dates.

	But it's only my husbands-in-laws that have the run of our house and can have sex with her in our master bedroom. I tend to the kids while Lois is busy in bed with the husbands-in-laws.

	Now the other studs, who are not my "my husbands-in-laws" who seek dates with my wife, do cause me a lot of worry. I really worry about them being added to the increasing list of my husband-in-laws.

	However, Lois has convinced me that she'll be careful and try to prevent then from getting in her panties, but in case they do, she'll rush right home and get me to apply EPS - our own acronym for Emergency Pussy Sucking.

	I would like for her to avoid going out with strange guys who are always propositioning her, but she assures me that she does need to get out from time to time and socialize with new people, other than me and my husband -in-laws.

	"And Larry darling, and what better way than going out with guys who'll pay to give me a good time on a Platonic date.  And look at the up side, it won't cost either of us a penny."

	I had to admit she did have a point there, as we do operate on a tight household budget.  Especially, with all the mouths we have to feed, and not to mention the shoes and clothes we have to buy for our growing brood of kids.

	"And honey, it's only some of the guys who try to have their way with me.  The vast majority, or really more like 99%  of them know that we're happily married and love each other, and won't act ungentlemanly.  They just want some companionship over dinner or at a show or to do some club hopping, that's all.  Okay?"  Lois said to me.

	"So, you see it's good for me to get away from the house and the kids for a while.  You know I need it.  And you know I'll always come home to you and the kids, no matter if it is in the wee hours of the morning.  And darling, even if by chance things between my date and I get overheated, and our passions boil over, you know I'll bring my pussy home for you to suck clean as soon as I can." 

	Mentally, I sighed and lamented that her coming home with a cum oozing used pussy is more the norm, rather than the exception.

	Despite my worries, I know I have to let my wife have some freedom, since she's a stay at home spouse and spends so much time with the kids.  I can understand her needing to spend other quality time with guys who can dance and have money to spend on her - since I can't dance that well, or have any extra money for such frivolities.

	But I tell you, I can't help but worry about that 1 percent of guys that have no concern for the rules of marriage and run roughshod over my wife's fragile sexual resistance and invade her charms.

	As it is now, I have a part time second job, just to keep the kids fed, and in decent clothes and shoes.  Another child in our growing family will mean that I for sure will have to go to a full time second job. 

	The kids outgrow their clothes and shoes so fast.

	Because she and I agreed we don't want my husband-in-laws exerting any of their paternity claims, we don't seek money from them for child support.

	I had thought about it once, but Lois was outraged about me showing such weakness. She was adamant I not ask them for one red cent.  She wasn't deterred even when I brought up they often ate over at our house too, and had the run of the refrigerator also, when they came by to be with her.

	After she made me feel so guilty and irresponsible about the matter, I followed her advice and got a part time job, which I've had now for a few years. It really has helped me be a better provider. Lois is so proud of me for working harder for her and the kids.  I can tell she respects me more for doing this than seeking money from our children's biological fathers.

	When my wife goes out on her Platonic dates, she always requires her dates to come to our door to pick her up. Her Platonic dates are guys who have not inseminated her. However, they may have accidentally fucked her on previous dates, due to their passions boiling over, but they have not inseminated her.

	Lois stresses that any sex she has with any of her Platonic dates is purely accidental.  She says she only plans to have sex with me and my husbands-in-laws.

	I have often warned her that she should not dress so provocatively if she doesn't want to risk the temptation of sex with her Platonic dates.  I really don't like her wearing those thigh high mini dresses, of which has so many.  They make her look so ravishing and loose.

	However, she says that's the fashionable norm and she's just being normally dressed.

	In trying to be an understandable husband, you have to know when to back down when it comes to your wife being fashionable.

	Well back to the point I was trying to make.   As I was saying, my wife likes to have her dates come in and always introduces me to them, as her loving understanding husband.  They are all of the same mold, which is everything I'm not  they're tall, well built, assertive, have a gift to gab and worse of all, handsome, - all of the same characteristics of my husbands-in-laws.  

	Myself, I'm rather unassuming, of small stature, and some might say, on the nerdy side.  I never knew what my wife saw in me, but I'm so proud that she does love me so much and saw fit to marry me.  I can't help but gloat and beam with pride whenever one of her dates, or even my husband-in-laws, tells me how lucky I am to have such a beautiful sexy wife.

	I have to admit that she and her dates always exhibit an image of a stunning couple, as I look at them as they depart for a night of Platonic fun, while I remain  home babysitting our kids.

	As I've mentioned before, Lois will typically always be back back home well before sunrise if on a week night.

	If the unfortunate happens where passions boil over, and her date has been successful in getting her to give him some, she'll get back home as soon as possible, so I can get my mouth on her over flowing pussy.

	On some weekends, she gets invited by some of her men friends to go away for a couple of days, but is always home by Sunday night.

	These seem to be the most dangerous times for her to get pregnant.  I've come to the conclusion it's because I'm not there to apply EPS within 6 hours after she and her men friend's passions boil over.

	As I've mentioned before, she and I have used condoms for our birth control every since we've been married.  I only get to put it in her luscious pussy, unencumbered with a latex sheath,  when she's pregnant, so at least there is a silver lining to the dark cloud of her being pregnant with other men's babies.

	The guys that have been successful in putting their cocks in her, typically don't use condoms. Or if they do, all of their condoms have ruptured doing intercourse, primarily due to the stress of the size of their cocks- every single one of them - Lois tells me. 

	Also, many of her men friends are allergic to latex, so that's another reason they don't wear them.  And then there are the smooth talking ones who tell Lois that her pussy just looks too good for them to wear a rubber. 

	My wife admits that she admires such talk.  And that when they tell her something like that, and especially when she's all hot and bothered and in heat, she's just too weak to refuse them entry into her hot, juicy, and often unprotected snatch. She has also told me that real men see it as insult for a woman to ask them to wear a rubber.

	And you know Larry, I can see their point.  Plus a woman likes a man flooding her with his hot jism and making her pussy all wet and squishy from a good vigorous fuck.  I'm just so fortunate to have such a wonderful husband as you, who doesn't mind sucking out their heavy ejaculated deposits, so I don't have to end up insulting my men. 

	Oh well, that's my story.  I'm sitting at home tonight while she's out with a new guy I've met for the first time tonight.  He's offered her a chance to get out of the house. He's taking her out for a Platonic night on the town.

	As I've mentioned earlier, I'm not a good dancer and am really not that much into night life, while my wife loves both, especially the club hopping scene. 

	 So besides having other guys who don't mind entertaining my wife - at no cost to me I might add - I also save on babysitting costs too, by doing it myself.  So I'm coming out ahead, money wise, very well.  It's like having your cake and eating it too.  Except, I'm more likely to end up eating my wife's creamy hair pie.

  	However, there is something else I'm a little concerned about at the moment.  You see, it just dawned on me. Our youngest child's second birthday is just 7 weeks away.

###END###

Like this story? Let me know:  ccwriter@hotmail.com