Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Sixty-Four: Incestuous Reunions
Summary: Solja and Tharaka are reunited with thier mothers.
Keywords: HF MFF MF inc oral facial creampie anal exhib voy fantasy magic
Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Antagony  Kinmer, The Free Cities of Grena

I hated this tavern. It was vile. The scent of sour beer and unwashed men assaulted my nostrils. Their inane babblea mix of coarse laughter, shouts, and angry wordsfilled the air with a constant drone. It was packed with humans. Men.

Foul, disgusting men lusting for every female here. 

I hated their loathsome eyes glancing at myself and the deva Ziryihm as we sat at a table in the back on a rough chair with none of the legs the same length. It rocked with the slightest shifting of my legs. As shoddily made as the rest of the place. The floor was made of rotting straw with fresh hay thrown down only to slowly dissolve into the beer-soaked mud.

Dice rattled around one boisterous table while scantily clad barmaids roamed through an assault of hands all groping their breasts and ass as they delivered drinks. Another table sang a bawdy song, my ears bleeding from the aural assault. 

This better be worth it, I growled at Ziryihm. I burned to find my quarry and kill that bastard who stole my moon maiden from me. That foul and loathsome bastard who dared to touch me. 

Kurtis.

I would skin him alive. Flense the flesh from his body and cut off his cock. I would choke him to death with that foul appendage. 

Relax, Ziryihm said, the deva wearing a cloak to hide her wings and her stunning beauty. They will be here, and it will be worth it. Trust me. Have I ever led you wrong?

I glanced at her. The tools you gave me

Worked. It is not my fault you proved as weak as your mother.

I slammed my fist down on the table. I am not as weak as that slut! I have not disgraced the name of Amazons. I will redeem her whorish mistake by killing Kurtis.

Good, said Ziryihm. She flicked her gaze to the entrance as a stir rippled through the bar. 

A group of blue-skinned women entered. They had sea-green hair often tied back with colorful bandannas that matched the sashes holding up the pantaloons they wore. They wore bands of cloth tied about their breasts while their crotches bulged with their hermaphrodite-dicks.

See, Antagony, they're here. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Azuliana  The Dream

With the help of the twins' dreaming powers, I was back home. As real as our small island could be when I was asleep on the Treasure Box sailing from Zeutch. A big smile spread on my lips. I was so glad to be here staring at my wife. 

My beautiful Sianili.

She floated a few inches off the ground, showing off as she drifted toward me. Her long flow of white hair was all she wore. It fell around her small breasts. Tall and elegant and breathtaking, her yellow, motherly eyes full of her love. 

Azuliana, she said, her eyes roaming up and down me. You look so beautiful. How goes the quest?

I smiled at her as she neared me. We have a goal. A destination to seek. The final leg of the journey. Soon, we'll be reunited for good.

Sianili smiled and slid her arms around my neck. She kissed me, her small breasts rubbing against my big ones. I groaned, my hands traveling over her hips to grab her rump. I kneaded her firm tush as our tongues danced together.

It was a fantastic thrill to dance my tongue with hers. I loved making out with her. Around us, our children were embracing. My two sylph daughters I had with Sianili along with our children that we had with Las. 

Our family. 

I squeezed her rump. I kneaded her ass as I made out with her with all the passion that I had. My tongue danced around in her mouth. I loved the feel of her. The taste of her. This was an incredible moment. I was so happy here.

I was so glad to enjoy this delight. 

I broke the kiss with her and stared into her yellow eyes. My nose rubbed against hers as she pushed me down to the sands. I shuddered as I let myself sink down with her. I stretched out on the beach, the sapphire waves washing against the beach lit by the silvery moon above. 

Sianili kissed at my neck. I shuddered at her love as she nibbled at my throat. Her lips felt so wonderful against me. She made me shiver as she smooched lower and lower. She crossed my collarbone, her fingers cupping my large breasts.

Oh, Sianili, I whimpered as she kissed down my breastbone. Oh, that's so good.

She worked lower and lower as she moved between my breasts. She rubbed her face between my large tits. I loved her touch. I reveled in this. It was just perfect to have her doing this. I was so happy here. I was just so thrilled to have her doing this.

She rubbed her face back and forth between my boobs, her hair spilling over my nipples, tickling them. My pussy drank in the delight, my clit throbbing. Begging to turn into my hermaphrodite-dick. I squirmed on the sand, loving her touch.

Mmm, my sapphire, she groaned as she smooched up my big breast.

My windy wisp, I purred as her hot, wet lips kissed up my tit toward that aching pinnacle. 

She reached my nipple and engulfed my nub. She suckled on me. I gasped at what she did. My eyes rolled back in my head. I shuddered, savoring what she did to me. My pussy clenched as she loved me with her lips and tongue.

She swirled her tongue around my nipple, stroking my areola. I shuddered, enjoying every last second of this delight. My eyes rolled back in my head as she suckled hard. Her hands kneaded my boobs as I squirmed on the beach.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned. Oh, Sianili. My windy wisp!

She suckled hard.

I bucked, the jolt of delight shooting down to my cunt. I shuddered, my heart pounding a mile a minute. She nibbled with her soft lips as I shuddered, my pussy cream dripping out of my cunt and running down to my asshole.

I groaned at how great it felt. My heart pounded a mile a minute. This was wonderful. I loved what my wife did to me. Her yellow eyes stared up at me as she loved me. She nibbled on my nub before she ripped her mouth off.

Mmm, you sound like you need something else, my sapphire, she cooed.

I just need you, I groaned. I miss you.

I miss you all, she said. Our daughters and granddaughters are some comfort, but...

It won't be much longer. I smiled at her. Were sailing toward the lands that hold the Cradle. It will be a dangerous journey, but we will make it. Kurtis won't be denied. He has conquered every other threat out there.

Good, Sianili purred and slid down my body.

Her lips kissed across my stomach. She smooched with her hot lips. I shuddered at the warmth of her lips. She made me tremble, my heart pounding a mile a minute as she went lower and lower. She kissed at my bellybutton.

Sianili! I squealed. Oh, Sianili!

My eyes rolled back in my head as her tongue danced around in my navel. It was so wicked having her caressing about in my divot. My cunt clenched. The heat rippled through me. It was such a wondrous moment. I loved this moment.

She kissed lower and lower. She smooched toward my pubic mound. Her lips kissed lower and lower. My cunt clenched and clit throbbed. She smooched over my hot flesh, nearing and nearing the top of my slit.

My windy wisp! I gasped as she kissed my pussy folds.

Her lips kissed down and down my labia. She crossed my folds and rubbed into her cunt. I loved how she did that. A wave of delight washed over me. It was just perfect. I enjoyed every second of it. My eyes rolled back in my head.

Matar's big dick! I moaned as her tongue flicked through my folds and brushed my clit.

Mmm, her dick can't be as big as yours, cooed Sianili. And your son's...

He is amazing, I groaned. Like his father's.

What a night that was. Sianili giggled. Mmm, but this is the sort of night I long for now.

She thrust her tongue into my pussy. I groaned as she swirled around in me. She danced about in my cunt. I loved her stirring me up. Pleasure rushed through my body. My eyes rolled back in my head. The bliss was just fantastic.

I humped against her mouth. I savored that delicious tongue licking and lapping at me. She stroked through my folds, sending warmth sweeping through me. I loved this passion. It was wondrous to have her stroking her tongue through my folds like that. I enjoyed every last second of her licking at me like that. 

She tongued my cunt. It was a treat to have her lapping at my pussy. She thrust her tongue into my twat and swirled it around in me. I quivered, my boobs jiggling as she made love to me. My eyes rolled back in my head at that delicious passion.

My wife flicked her tongue up my slit to my clit. She stroked over my bud.
Sianili! I gasped. Gods, yes!

My delicious wife suckled on my clit.

She nursed on my bud, her lips nibbling on it. My eyes widened at what she did to me. It was an incredible rush to have her licking and lapping at me like that. I savored it so much. My bud pulsed with the need to grow.

I sprouted.

My hermaphrodite-cock grew. 

With the pounding beat of my heart, it swelled bigger and bigger, growing into her mouth. She moaned, her lips sealing around the expanding girth. She danced her tongue around the growing shaft, lifting her head to keep from choking on the growing clit-dick.

She suckled on it, pleasure rushing down to my wet pussy. My ovaries quivered, brimming with their cum. I loved that so much. I savored the way she suckled on me. She worked her mouth up and down my cock.

I loved how she pleasured me. It was an incredible delight to have her working her mouth up and down me. She knew what she was doing. She was suckling on me with passion. It was an abject delight to have her bobbing her head.

This was just perfect.

Matar's big dick, I moaned as my wife bobbed her head. Ooh, my windy wisp!

She moaned around my clit-dick.

My hermaphrodite-cock ached in her loving mouth. She sealed her lips about the shaft and suckled hard as she bobbed her head. The pleasure rushed through me. I groaned, loving every second of what she did to me. 

My back arched and boobs jiggled. She drove me wild with that hot mouth of hers. Her fingers stroked my cuntlips. She caressed my labia, adding more delight to me. My toes curled as my wife made such sweet love to me.

She thrust two of her fingers into my cunt.

Sianili! I squealed.

Her fingers thrust into my cunt. She worked them in and out of my twat. I loved what she did to me. She churned me up with those naughty fingers. My hermaphrodite-dick throbbed in her mouth. She suckled on me with passion, working her mouth up and down my girl-cock.

My cunt clamped down on her digits. She plunged them in and out of me fast. The pressure grew in my ovaries. Her tongue swept around the crown of my cock. My body quivered, my boobs jiggling. I rose toward my orgasm.

She churned up my pussy. She jammed her digits deep into my cunt. I loved what she did to me. I shuddered, enjoying this pleasure. Her tongue swirled around the aching crown of my hermaphrodite-dick. The pressure throbbed there, needing to erupt into her wonderful mouth.

My windy wisp! I moaned.

She suckled so hard, her fingers plunging in and out of my cunt.

Yes, yes, my delicious Sianili! I squealed as the pressure in my ovaries burst. I erupted.

My hermaphrodite-cum pumped into her mouth. I flooded her with blast after blast of my cum. I bucked, my cunt writhing around her digits. The twin delights swept through me. Ecstasy and rapture bathed my thoughts.

I squealed out in delight as the pleasure rushed through me. I groaned, my body bucking through the ecstasy. Such bliss fired from my cock while euphoria gushed out of my cunt. My pussy spasmed about her fingers.

Matar's big dick! I gasped as my wife swallowed more and more of my hermaphrodite-cum. She gulped it down. Sianili!

I erupted one last time, my orgasm soaring to the heights of bliss. I squeezed my eyes shut as I savored this bliss. My wife moaned. She ripped her mouth off my clit-dick and slid up my body. She kissed me with lips salty with my cum.

She thrust my own hermaphrodite-jizz into my mouth. I groaned as we snowballed my spunk back and forth. We shared it as we trembled together. I held her, my dick throbbing, and rolled her over onto her back. I was on her, my clit-cock trapped between us.

I savored sharing my salty seed with her.

We passed it back and forth as I shifted my hips. My hermaphrodite-dick slid across her pubic mound and nuzzled into the folds of her pussy. She whimpered as I thrust to the hilt in her wet and delicious pussy.

My sapphire! she gasped, breaking our kiss.

Mmm, I groaned, savoring being in her pussy. It was such a wonderful delight to be in her cunt. My dick throbbed in her. I enjoyed every last second of her juicy flesh squeezing about my girl-cock. Isn't that wonderful?

Matar's big dick, it is, she groaned, squirming beneath me.

Her hands stroked my back as I drew back my hips. My hermaphrodite-dick pulled out of her cunt. Her juicy flesh massaged me. She held me tight. I trembled as I thrust to the hilt in her. I fucked deep and hard into her cunt.

I pumped away at her. I fucked her with passion. I buried deep and hard into her snatch. I plowed into her with force. With vigor. I loved how she squeezed about me. She held me tight with her hot flesh. Her delicious pussy massaged my hermaphrodite-dick.

Yes, yes, yes, she moaned, her pussy clamping down on my clit-cock. Oh, my delicious wife!

My windy wisp, I groaned, staring into her yellow eyes. Gods, you're amazing!

I kissed her as I made love to her. I buried to the hilt in her snatch. Our boobs rubbed together, nipples caressing. Pleasure sparked between our nubs. I loved that feeling as I fucked deep and hard into her pussy. I slammed my hermaphrodite-cock to the hilt in her cunt.

I fucked her twat hard, my tongue dancing with hers. She gripped my snatch with that wonderful twat. She held me tight as I pumped away at her. My clit-dick reveled in her silky pussy. Her juicy flesh massaged me.

The pressure grew at the tip of my cock.

I moaned into her lips as her hands slid down and grabbed my ass. She gripped me as I drilled away at her pussy. I fucked my wife's cunt with my hermaphrodite-cock. I reveled in every thrust into her silky depths.

She broke the kiss, gasping, My sapphire!

Oh, that's so good, I groaned, thrusting into her snatch. Ooh, you're going to make me cum so hard!

Yes, yes, yes, she moaned. I want that. I want to make you cum. Ooh, keep driving that big dick onto my cunt. Just like that. It's fantastic!

It was fantastic to fuck her like this. To pound my dick into her cunt. I rammed into her again and again. I plowed to the hilt in her snatch. Her pussy massaged my girl-cock, driving me wild. The pressure built at the tip.

My ovaries brimmed with the load of cum I would pump into Sianili's depths. My wife clamped her pussy around my hermaphrodite-cock. She held me tight with her wonderful flesh. I shuddered, thrusting harder. Faster.

Oh, my sapphire! she moaned. Oh, yes, yes, I'm going to cum! I'm going to cum so hard on your dick! 

You better! I moaned, hammering her twat. I fucked to the hilt in her pussy. Let me feel that twat going wild around my hermaphrodite-dick, my windy wisp!

She nodded, her face contorting with delight as I pumped away at her pussy. Her hot flesh gripped my hermaphrodite-cock. I rose toward that moment of erupting. I shuddered, savoring that delight of her twat, fighting against my climax.

She trembled beneath me, her fingernails biting into my rump. She held me tight as I drilled in and out of her pussy. Her hot flesh made it so hard to keep from cumming. My ovaries brimmed with my hermaphrodite-cum. 

I buried into her and she bucked.

Her pussy convulsed around my dick.

I erupted into her pussy.

I kissed her as I pumped blast after blast of my cum into her pussy. I flooded her with all my jizz. The ecstasy swept through me. All that wonderful pleasure shot through my body. My cunt gushed juices as I unloaded in her snatch.

She moaned, kissing me with passion as we trembled through our orgasm. Together. I kissed her with everything that I had. I loved every last moment of this delight. I quivered through all this bliss. All this wonderful bliss shooting through me.

Her cunt writhed around my cock. She suckled at my hermaphrodite-dick. She nursed at me with everything that she had. She milked out all my girl-cum. I groaned, pumping blast after blast of spunk into her pussy. I filled my wife to the brim.

I was so happy to flood her with all my hermaphrodite-cum. It was an incredible delight to dump my load into her cunt. Her hot twat suckled at me. She worked out all the spunk in me. I enjoyed every second of this.

She broke the kiss and purred, That was amazing.

It was, I said, stroking her rump. Mmm, that was just delicious. I'm so happy to enjoy this. Just so happy to be here.

Me, too, she moaned, her yellow eyes brimming with passion and love. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

I slid my fingers through my sylph sisters' tresses. Frelia and Iliasa knelt before me, grinning up at me. My older half-sisters were two gorgeous sylphs with features blending my dragon-mother and step-mother. Frelia had violet hair and yellow eyes while Iliasa had white hair and blue eyes. 

She also had her hands behind her back.

Such a naughty big brother forcing me to suck your cock with our sister, Iliasa cooed, loving that fantasy of being forced.

Mmm, just suck his dick or he'll spank you, Frelia said and kissed the tip of my cock.

Iliasa joined her.

It was wonderful having their lips and tongues sliding over the crown of my dick. I groaned, enjoying the dream. It was wonderful to be here. A reward. We had dropped off Solja and Tharaka, and now we were on the final leg of our journey. We would sail the Nimborgoth to Hargone then from their cross the Halani Desert using the oases Mumal and Fotibayid for supplies. Leaving the desert, we'd cross the Savannah on our way to the Uth Jungle. 

But that was for later. Right now, I was enjoying my older sisters loving my dick. They flicked their tongues around the crown of my cock. I groaned at the pleasure they gave me. It was a spectacular treat to have them loving me.

Frelia swallowed my cock first. She slid her mouth down my dick while Iliasa stared up at me with this naughty gleam in her eyes. I groaned at the feel of my older sister sucking hard, her violet hair swaying around her face.

Such a bad, bad little brother making us love your cock, Iliasa cooed as she stared up at me with her sapphire eyes.

So bad, I groaned as Frelia worked her mouth up and down my dick. I'm just an evil man. I'm going to cum all over your faces, too!

You cad! squealed Iliasa, her blue eyes so bright with her lust. Her passions brimmed in her for me to do just that.

Frelia, too. she suckled hard on me. She nursed with all that passion that she had. It was a magnificent thrill to have all that pleasure surging through me. She suckled with passion. It was a fantastic thrill to have her nursing on me like this.

I loved every second of it. I savored every last moment of her nursing on my dick. She suckled with passion. With pure rapture. It was an absolute delight to enjoy. A big smile spread on my lips as she bobbed her head.

Oh, yes, just like that, I groaned, savoring the way her mouth worked up and down my dick. Damn, that's good!

She moaned around my cock, her tongue sliding about it. This pleasure swept through my body. I loved that delight. I savored the way she bobbed her head and nursed on my cock. She drove me wild with that sucking.

Iliasa has to suck my dick, too, Frelia, I said. 

Yes, yes, you have to force me to worship your big dick, you bad, bad brother! moaned Iliasa.

Frelia ripped her mouth off my cock and grabbed the back of our sister's head. Grinning, Frelia shoved Iliasa forward, forcing my dick into Iliasa's mouth. I groaned as her lips engulfed my dick. It felt fantastic. I shuddered at those wonderful lips engulfing my dick.

They were magnificent to feel around my cock. Just spectacular. A big smile spread on my lips as she bobbed her head. She worked her mouth up and down my dick. I loved every second of this. I shuddered, the rapture sweeping through my body.

She worked her lips up and down my cock. She bobbed her head, nursing with passion on my dick. She suckled on me with everything that she had, Frelia holding the back of her head like she was making our sister nurse on my dick.

Iliasa needed no such encouragement.

That's it, slut! hissed Frelia. You pleasure our Master! Our big brother owns that mouth!

Iliasa groaned around my cock.

That's right, she cooed. He owns it, and you better make him cum all over our faces. He wants us drowned in his jizz!

Gods damn, yes, I groaned, Iliasa suckling so hard, her tongue dancing around the crown of my dick. That's it. You dirty slut. You pleasure me with everything you have! You drive me wild!

She whimpered and moaned around my cock. She suckled on my dick with passion. It was an incredible rush to have her doing that. I loved it as she nursed with all her passion, bringing me closer and closer to erupting on their faces.

Ooh, I have to do it, too, Frelia hissed and ripped Iliasa's mouth off my dick. 

Panting, Iliasa stared up at me while Frelia swallowed my cock. My eldest sister suckled hard. The firstborn of Azuliana and Sianili nursed on my cock with passion. She swirled her tongue around my cock with such passion.

Oh, you brute, whimpered Iliasa, her body squirming. Her bound hands pulled at her ropes. Just forcing our sister to suck your cock.

Such a brute, I groaned as Frelia bobbed her head. She worked her mouth up and down my cock. She nursed on me with all this passion. It was an outstanding delight to experience. I loved it so much. I savored it as she suckled on me. Damn!

I groaned as she suckled on me with force. The pressure in my nuts rose and rose. Frelia knew how to love my cock. She nursed with avid hunger. I groaned, my cock throbbing in her mouth as she brought me closer and closer to cumming.

Gods, I groaned.

She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my cock. Her tongue stroked around my dick. It was such an exciting delight. My balls tensed with my cum. I groaned, hurtling toward that powerful moment of climax.

I would coat their faces in my cum.

It would be a beautiful sight.

Yes, yes, you're making her pleasure you, moaned Iliasa, so you can fire all your cum over our faces! You're such a cad!

I grinned at her, my dick twitching in our sister's mouth. I missed them so much.

That's it, I growled. Stop sucking!

Frelia ripped her mouth off my cock, moaning, Cum on our faces!

Yes, yes, you wicked little brother! whimpered Iliasa. Just spurt all your jizz over our faces. Coat us in your seed and mark us as yours!

Gods damn! I growled, Frelia's hand stroking up and down my cock. She felt incredible. She brushed the tip.

I erupted.

I spurted my cum across my older sisters' faces. I bathed Frelia and Iliasa's features in my cum. I loved this so much. Their tongues thrust out to catch my cum. Their boobs quivered as I coated them in my jizz. It was an outstanding pleasure.

Las's big dick! I growled.

I painted my sisters' features in my seed. My pearly cum ran down their pale skin. They groaned, their pink lips gathering it up. It was such a stirring sight to see. I groaned as my dick twitched, spurting again and again.

Ecstasy shot through me as I unloaded my cum on their faces. They dripped with my jizz. I love the sight of my older sisters drenched in my seed. They both panted as they turned to each other and licked up my jizz.

Yes, I breathed, watching one sister lap my cum off the other.

It was such a delight being here. I was so glad to share this dream with my family. I grinned as their tongues flicked out, gathering up every drop of cum that they could. They flicked over each other's features, savoring the taste of my cum.

They kissed.

Their tongues danced together. It was an exciting moment to watch as they shared my seed. My other sisters were making love with the mermaids. Mother and Mother Sianili were writhing in passion together. It was a perfect place to be.

So, I said, staring down at my two sisters. Which one of you two am I going to ravish first?

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Solja  Dragon's Rest

She's been doing great, Minx said as she led my sister and me through the bustling town of Dragon's Rest that lay around the Temple. It was a mix of humans, elves, and the cuckoos. There was a large plant that spread flowering vines everywhere that quivered as Minx passed. We told her you're coming. She's very eager to see you both.

Good, I growled, my voice rumbling with eagerness. And nervousness. 

Minx marched to a house. She smiled and winked at my sister and me. I took in a deep breath. Tharaka opened the door and entered first. I ducked in after, my eyes adjusting to the dark room. It was a simple room with a hearth that had a pot hanging from it, a stew cooking on it. A table, a bed.

And mother.

I recognized the swarthy orc woman on sight. She was as tall as Tharaka but lacked her... warrior fitness. Mother was a softer orc. Curvy in the dress she wore. It fit tight about her body and was low-cut in the Zeutchian fashion to show off her large swath of cleavage. She had such big breasts.

Lasla's words echoed in my mind. My cock stirred in my loincloth.

Mother, Tharaka gasped and flew to her.

She threw her arms around our mother. I swallowed, trembling, my head nearly brushing the rafters above me. My hands washed together as Mother and Tharaka hugged. Tears spilled down Mother's cheeks.

My strong daughter, she said and glanced up at me. And my strong son.

Mother, I said, kneeling.

She broke the hug with Tharaka and pulled me to her. Kneeling, she pressed my face between her large bosom. I hugged her with care, not wanting to hurt her. I breathed in her scent. It had been so long since I had seen her.

My strong, strong son, she said, her hands stroking me. Oh, my, such a mighty troll you became.

So mighty, Mother, Tharaka said. There's something I have to tell you. I'm pregnant.
Mother looked at her as she kept holding me. Oh. Her eyes widened. And your brother is the... father.

I inherited your... resilience, Tharaka said. And you're... cravings.

Mmm... She shuddered. There was such pain in the labs, and such pleasure. She stared down at me nestled between her breasts. They broke me, Solja. They broke my body and remade me to crave...

Me? I asked. Trolls. Monstrous dicks.

Yes! she moaned and ducked her head down. She kissed me.

I groaned at the feel of my mother's lips on mine. I groaned, kissing her with passion. My dick ached so much. I had to take her. I had to make love to my mother. My hands slid down her back to her rump. I squeezed her butt-cheeks. I loved the feeling of her in my hand. She felt perfect. I massaged her. kneaded her.

She kissed me with passion. Her tongue thrust into my mouth. I groaned as I kneaded her rump. My hands hiked her skirt. I drew them up and up, my cock so hard. I had to be in her. I had to fuck my mother hard. I had to give her what she craved.

I drew her skirts up more and more until they were bunched around her waist. I squeezed her naked ass. This time. I had to get my cock out, but my hands were busy. My lips were claimed by Mother's. I wanted to be in her, but I didn't want to stop groping her.

My sister understood what I needed. What we needed.

She undid my loincloth and purred, Fuck Mother hard, Solja. Mmm, give her that wonderful cock. He won't hurt you, Mother. He'll only make you cum hard!

Mother broke the kiss and moaned, I know. Mmm, I need my strong son in me again!

My cock free. I lifted her. She groaned as turned and moved to the table. I set her on it as she shuddered. She leaned back on her elbows, her eyes burning hot. She stared at my massive cock thrusting out before me.

Yes, yes, that's a troll's cock! she moaned. Fuck me with it!

I pressed my dick into the wet folds of her pussy. My orc-mother moaned in delight as I pressed my cock into her folds. I thrust against her. I pushed hard. She groaned, her head tossing. Her cuntlips widened to take my shaft.

Her hot flesh stretched over the crown of my dick. The incestuous pleasure swept through me as I sank deeper and deeper into her cunt. I groaned as I pushed into her hot twat. She had such a delicious pussy. Mother welcomed me home.

Solja! she moaned as more and more of my cock vanished into her. Only two women, Lasla and Tharaka, had ever taken my dick like this. Oh, yes, yes, Solja!

Her hot cunt squeezed around my cock. She clamped down on me. It was an incredible delight to have all that passion engulfing my dick. It was fantastic to sink deeper and deeper into her twat. She had such an amazing cunt. It was so hot being in her twat.

Her snatch gripped me. She held me tight as I sank to the hilt in her cunt. I loved having every inch of my dick in my mother's pussy. She stared up at me with such lust burning in her eyes. She clamped her pussy down on me.

This is what I need, she moaned, her big boobs jiggling in her bodice. Fuck me, Solja!

Fuck our mother! Tharaka moaned as she watched.

I grabbed the front of Mother's dress and ripped it open. Her swarthy breasts popped out. I cupped them in my massive hands, kneading those soft boobs. I drew back my cock as I did. She groaned, her pussy clamping down on my cock.

She held me tight with her hot pussy. I loved the feel of her around me as I thrust back to the hilt in her cunt. I buried deep into her, my nuts slapping into her taint. She moaned, her amazing twat clamping down on my dick.

I pumped away at my mother's pussy. I fucked the beautiful orc before me. I slammed deep and hard while my sister watched. I felt Tharaka's hot eyes on my incestuous reunion with our mother. I buried my dick back into the pussy that birthed me.

Solja! gasped Mother. Gewin's mighty cock, ram that big dick into me!

I pumped away at her. I fucked her with force. I plowed to the hilt in her snatch, loving the feel of her wrapped around me. She had such a delicious snatch. She massaged me with that wonderful sheath. I fucked her hard and fast. 

Solja! Solja! 

Hearing her cry my name as I fucked her pussy was delicious. I kneaded her big boobs as I hammered her cunt. This was what she needed. She had been conditioned to this passion by all those troll cocks she had fucked before.

Now she needed my big dick. I had to fuck her all the time. I had to keep my mother happy. I was back with her. In her. I plowed deep and hard into her snatch. I reveled in that hot twat squeezing around me. I growled as I fucked her.

My strong son! Mother gasped, her cunt clamping down on my dick. She massaged me with her silky flesh. My mighty Solja!

Mother! I groaned.

I loved every second of fucking her cunt. I buried to the hilt in her snatch. I fucked over and over into her. I loved that so much. I savored the way she massaged me. It was an incredible rush to plow into her snatch over and over again.

Her hot cunt gripped me. She massaged me with that delicious twat as I swelled toward my orgasm. It was a mighty thrill to have that pleasure swelling in my nuts. I groaned, rising toward that burst of bliss.

I slammed deep and hard into her cunt. I buried hard and fast into her snatch. It was just a pure joy to fuck her like this. I loved every second of it. I savored every last moment of ramming into her cunt. I thrust deep and hard into her snatch.

I fucked her with passion.

With force.

I plowed deep into her twat. I buried to the hilt in her twat again and again. She gripped my cock with her hot pussy. She massaged my dick with her passion. I shuddered, loving her snatch gripping me. She held me with her wonderful twat.

I groaned, the pressure in my balls swelling. The need to cum in my mother built and built. She moaned as she quivered there, her boobs jiggling in my hands. I massaged them as I thrust to the hilt in her cunt.

My mighty son! she moaned, her pussy clamping down around me, swelling the pressure at the tip. I rose toward bursting. I hurtled towards that hot moment. It was so amazing to fuck into her snatch. I plowed into her again and again. Please, please, I'm going to cum!

Cum, Mother! I growled, my thumbs massaging her nipples.

Her pussy clamped down on my cock. My nuts ached, swollen with my seed. I thrust to the hilt in her cunt. Mother gasped, her head throwing back. Her twat convulsed around my mighty dick as she climaxed.

Solja! she cried as her pussy suckled at me.

Mother! I snarled and erupted.

I flooded mother's cunt with my cum. I pumped blast after blast of my jizz into her snatch. Her twat rippled around me. She suckled at me with that wonderful cunt. I groaned, savoring that wonderful pleasure shooting through me.

She moaned as I filled her womb with my potent seed. I trembled as I bred my mother. She shuddered, her twat rippling around my cock. She suckled at me with such passion. She worked out my cum. I snarled and erupted one last time.

Mother! I growled. I will always be here for you! Always!

I know, she groaned, her pussy rippling around me.

And so am I, my sister said as she stepped up. She was naked now, too. She had stripped, her tongue flicking over her lips. We love you, Mother!

I pulled my cock out of Mother's pussy and stepped back. Tharaka stepped up. She bent over and pressed her face right into Mother's pussy and started licking. I shuddered at the sight. It was wild to witness her tongue sliding through Mother's folds.

She devoured mother as my dick throbbed and ached. I had to just fuck my sister's asshole. Her ass wiggled before me. I pressed my cock between her butt-cheeks. I found her backdoor. I drilled against it with my mighty dick as she moaned into Mother's pussy.

My sister's asshole stretched and stretched. I thrust hard and rammed into her bowels. She moaned as I did that. She groaned into Mother's cunt. Mother watched on, a big smile on her lips as Tharaka cleaned her pussy of my cum.

My strong daughter and mighty son! she moaned, her big boobs jiggling. Oh, what a lucky Mother I am!

I grunted as I sank deeper and deeper into Tharaka's asshole. I loved the velvety feel of her bowels squeezing around my dick. She held me tight. I loved that feeling. I gripped her hips and thrust and bottomed out in her anal sheath. 

Growling, I drew back. My sister moaned into Mother's pussy. Tharaka's bowels held me tight. Her anal sheath gripped me. I loved it. I thrust back into her bowels. I fucked to the hilt in her asshole. I loved burying into her.

I pumped away at her asshole. I thrust into her anal sheath again and again. It was an incredible thrill to fuck her bowels. I pounded her anal sheath with force. She gripped me. I loved that so much. I savored her hot bowels around my cock.

I loved the way she massaged me. It was an incredible rush to fuck her bowels like this. I pumped away at her anal sheath with force. I drilled into her bowels, loving the way she held me. It was an incredible delight.

I pumped away at her with everything that I had. I shuddered at the feel of her bowels gripping my dick. She held me tight. I groaned, pumping deep and hard into her bowels as the pressure rose at the tip of my cock. 

Oh, yes, yes, Tharaka! Mother moaned. Oh, you know what you're doing. That's so wonderful. Mmm, that's amazing!

Right? Tharaka moaned as fucked into her asshole again and again. Oh, Gods damn, that's good. That's so good, brother. Fuck my asshole!

Fuck your sister's asshole! Mother groaned, her face contorting.

I pounded Tharaka's asshole, the pressure growing and growing in my dick. The need to cum built and built in me with each plunge into her bowels. I fucked her hard and fast, my nuts slapping into her taint. I loved this so much. I savored this pleasure.

Every thrust into my sister's bowels built and built the ache at the tip of my cock. The need to cum swelled in me as I fucked her anal sheath hard. I pounded her bowels with force. I thrust to the hilt in her asshole.

Yes, yes, yes, she groaned. Gewin's mighty cock! I'm going to cum on this big dick!

Make your sister cum, Solja, Mother moaned, her thighs squeezing about Tharaka's face. Oh, because she's licked all your cum out of my pussy. Ooh, she's amazing! Tharaka!

Mother! 

My sister suckled, nursing on Mother's bud. The sound was so hot to hear. I fucked hard into her bowels as I watched Mother trembling. Her face contorted with delight. She arched her back and squealed in delight. 

Mother climaxed on Tharaka's lips. My little sister made her cum. That was so exciting. My dick thrust into her asshole hard and fast. I drilled into her bowels with such force as Mother bucked on the table. 

Gods damn! my sister moaned as her asshole convulsed around my dick. Yes!

I groaned as her hot flesh rippled around me. She suckled at me with that wonderful sheath. I loved every moment of fucking her hot anal sheath. I buried to the hilt in her bowels hard and fast. I plunged into her with force. It was an incredible rush to plow into her. She suckled at me with all that force. 

I plowed to the hilt in her and erupted.

My cum flooded my sister's asshole. I snarled as I basted her anal sheath with my cum. Mother moaned, bucking on the table and drowning Tharaka's lips. My sister's asshole suckled at my cock. She nursed at me, working out all the cum in my balls.

Yes! I growled, dumping more and more of my jizz into her asshole.

Oh, brother! she moaned, her voice muffled by our mother's cunt.

Tharaka rubbed her face back and forth into Mother's cunt. It was a sight to behold. I groaned, pumping spurt after spurt of my jizz into her anal sheath. I basted her bowels with my cum. I loved every second of flooding her anal sheath with my jizz.

It was a delicious moment. I savored the heat of it as my eyes rolled back in my head. I groaned, my dick throbbing in my sister's asshole. She milked me dry. Mother whimpered, her head tossing back and forth.

I had pleasured them both. I had made them both cum so hard. It was exciting. I snarled in delight, my heart pounding in my chest. The beat swept through me as I stared at my sister and mother. I would take care of them.

I would pleasure them.

I would defend our new family. My sons would be born, and they would need women who could handle their seed. A new breed of troll started here. Kurtis had upheld his promise. I hoped he would succeed at his quest. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis  The Treasure Box, Holani Sea

Kurtis! 

I looked up to see Telesi running up to me. I was napping on the deck, the sun warm while the wind was coo. What?

We have a problem, she said. There's a ship that just emerged from the ocean behind us! A nixie ship but she has black sails.

And? I asked. Nixies sell the Nimborgoth, right?

But she has black sails. I think it's the Black Tide. Fear flashed across her features. Terror trembled in her eyes. She's a pirate corsair!

To be continued...