Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa Harem vs the Demon Lord Chapter Fifteen: Futa Succubus! Worshiping the Sultry Beauty
Summary: Saffron gets in over her head and is enchanted by a futa-succubus!
Keywords: Hh hhhhh hh hf mc inc oral anal DP voy exib inter super fantasy gamelit magic

Copywrite 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Saffron Homewood

My futa-dick spurted over and over in my panties just from kissing this demonic goddess. Her lips seared on mine. Her tongue thrust to the back of my throat, longer than it should be. My hands grabbed her large and bountiful breasts.

I felt those perky tits that defied gravity, like boobs in an Anime.

Her wings flapped and tail fluttered.

The most gorgeous woman in the world. I could think of nothing else but her. She burned in my thoughts while my cunt convulsed and my futa-cock spasmed. Rapture and ecstasy blazed through me, the fuel that fed the flames consuming me.

I trembled, whimpered. My lips worked on hers as my fingers dug into her bountiful breasts. I breathed in the cinnamon aroma that surrounded her. She was incredible. I had to worship her. I had to worship my demonic goddess.

I broke the kiss and fell to my knees before her, the metal grating of the catwalk biting into my flesh. There was talking below, but I didn't care about them. All that mattered was the perfect cock thrusting out from the folds of the demon goddess's cunt.

“What do I call you, my Goddess?” I whimpered.

“Vixen,” she purred. “Mmm, and I am no goddess, but that doesn't mean you can't worship me.”

I shuddered and grabbed her girl-cock. I held her with both my hands. She throbbed in my grip. I leaned forward and swallowed Vixen's dick. My lips slid over the crown of her dick. She threw back her head, her big breasts bouncing.

“Oh, yes, you humans are wonderful,” she moaned. “Mmm, you suck cock the way Ella does. She worshiped my girl-cock just like you did. Isn't that wonderful?”

It was.

I suckled hard on the demon-goddess's dick. I worshiped Vixen with all my might. Her salty precum spilled like ambrosia over my tongue. I shuddered, my face contorting from the delight of this moment. She shuddered, her breasts jiggling.

“Ammuch's Treacherous Kiss!” moaned Vixen. “Yes, yes, suckle on my cock. Nurse on me. That's so wonderful.”

I bobbed my head, sliding my mouth up and down her girl-cock. I worshiped her with hunger. I nursed on her with passion. My cunt clenched while a tiny part of my brain echoed with, “Ammuch's Treacherous Kiss.”

I groaned, my cheeks hollowing. I twisted my head, putting my all into worshiping her cunt. I fisted her cock while the cinnamon scent filled my nose. It was her pussy. That wonderful delight was the scent of her cunt.

It was mouthwatering. I loved it. I inhaled deeply and shuddered with how wonderful it was. I groaned, bobbing my mouth. I worked my lips up and down her girl-cock. I suckled with such passion, drool running down my chin. 

She groaned, her wings fluttering. I groaned, my pussy clenching. My dick throbbed in my cum-soaked panties. I closed my eyes and worshiped her. Her head tossed back and forth. I suckled with everything that I had.

“Yes, yes, yes, little thief,” she groaned. “Mmm, I thought I sensed something up here yesterday. That lust. You were doing naughty things, weren't you? But I had been distracted by the conversion. You didn't see me, did you? I lurk in the shadows, but so do you. Mmm, and you returned to the scene of your crime.

“Naughty, naughty.”

I was so naughty. That was why I had to bob my head and suckle with all my might on her cock.

“Yes, yes, yes,” she groaned. “Oh, it was so difficult coming to this world, but it was so worth it.”

That made me so happy. It was worth it. I was pleasing her.

“Yes, just like that, Saffron. Just like that. Mmm, you're going to make me explode. I'm going to dump all my cum into your mouth. You're going to swallow every drop, right?”

Of course! Her cum was precious! A gift!

I suckled with all my might, drool running down my chin. It was incredible. I danced my tongue around her crown. I caressed her. I loved her. It was awesome. I bobbed my head. I suckled on her with everything that I had. 

My pussy clenched as I nursed on her, my cunt aching to be fucked. My dick twitched and throbbed. My hands fisted her thick cock. She throbbed with her heartbeat. It was so amazing. I loved it so much.

“That's it!” she groaned. “Mmm, Ammuch, Goddess of the Kiss, what a wonderful gift this is! Yes, yes, such a wonderful gift!”

Her cock erupted.

Hot cum pumped into my mouth. I shuddered and drank down the cum that fired out of her girl-cock. It was wonderful. A shiver ran through me. I swallowed blast after blast of her spunk. I felt her dick pulsing in my hand.

I shuddered as her seed warmed my belly. I was so lucky to swallow her cum. Tears spilled out of my eyes as the joy suffused me. My entire body shuddered as she moaned. Her boobs bounced over my head.

“You little dickgirl-slut!” she moaned, spurting a final blast of her salty, wondrous cum into my mouth. “Oh, yes, yes! A naughty little servant of the Dark One! But you're almost mine.”

I whimpered, shaking my head.

“You think you're already mine?” She smiled. “But I haven't fucked you in the ass yet. I haven't planted my seed deep into you.”

I ripped my mouth off her dick and turned around. I bent over and flipped up my tartan skirt. Then I shoved off my sticky panties. My futa-cock popped out and swayed between my thighs. I wiggled my ass at her.

“Fuck me, Goddess Vixen!” I moaned.

“I am not worthy of that title,” she purred. “There are only three Goddesses. Ammuch, Raatak, and Itoyja. Three Goddesses and Seven Devils.”
 
“Then Mistress Vixen!” I moaned, leaving my soaked panties bunched up around my thighs. I grabbed my butt-cheeks and parted them. “I want you to sodomize me. Just ram that dick into my asshole and fuck me hard.”

“Mmm, I will, dickgirl-slut. I will.”

I stared down below. The people down there didn't matter. All that mattered was Mistress Vixen's cock. She pressed her dick into my butt-crack and slid her thick tip down to my asshole. My clit-dick twitched as she pressed against my bowels, ready to thrust it into me. I was so ready for her to fuck into me hard.

She drilled forward. My anal ring parted. I stretched around her. I groaned, the catwalk shaking. Her amazing futa-dick popped past my asshole and slid into my bowels. My velvety sheath clenched down on her.

“Oh, yes,” she moaned, her clit-dick sinking into my bowels. “Oh, what a delicious treat this is.”

“I am so pleased my asshole pleases you, Mistress Vixen!” I moaned.

“Pleased and please in the same sentence?” she asked. “Well, eloquence can't be expected with my dick sliding into your bowels!”

“No!” 

She slid all the way into me. Her hands grabbed my hips. I shuddered, her dick in me. I could feel the wet folds of her pussy rubbing into my butt-cheeks. Then something leathery grabbed my cock. It wasn't her hands.

I peered down my body. Her tail. The spade-like tip of her tail had grabbed me. She stroked up and down me. I groaned, my bowels squeezing around the redheaded beauty's cock. She drew back her hips. Pleasure melted to my cunt.

Pussy cream ran down my clit-dick to her tail stroking me. I groaned at that leathery grip caressing the crown of my cock. She pumped away at my bowels. She fucked me with hard strokes, her crotch smacking into my rump.

“Mistress Vixen!” I moaned, squeezing my bowels around her clit-dick. “Oh, yes, yes, that's so wonderful.”

“Mmm, yes, it is, dickgirl-slut!”

She buried harder into me. My bowels drank in the friction. They fed my pussy. My ovaries grew tighter and tighter. I groaned, loving the force that she thrust away at my bowels. She fucked me with such passion. It was incredible to enjoy. 

Her every stroke swelled the heat in my cunt. The ache grew at the tip of my girl-cock. Her leathery tail brushed my crown. I whimpered, pleasure shooting up my cock and melting from my bowels. They mixed in my pussy.

My short bob of black hair swayed about my face as I rocked to her rhythm. My fingers gripped the grating floor of the catwalk. It rattled and groaned as she fucked me. She buried her girl-cock to the hilt in my bowels over and over again.

“Mistress Vixen!” I gasped, the ache swelling at the tip of my futa-dick. Her leathery tail slid to the top. “Please, please, cum in my bowels!”

I needed her cum to fire into my asshole. I had to enjoy that wonderful spunk spurting into my bowels. Her cock felt so amazing. Her tail pumped wonderfully up and down my clit-dick. I wanted to cum, but I couldn't.

Not before my mistress had her climax.

She slammed her girl-cock to the hilt in my bowels. I clenched my teeth, fighting my orgasm. My pussy burned, hot cream running down my futa-dick and lubing her tail's pumping grip. I gripped the grating, my small breasts quivering.

“Oh, you naughty, little dickgirl-slut!” gasped Mistress Vixen as she drew back her hips, my bowels clinging to her thick cock. “Oh, yes!”

She plunged into my bowels and erupted.

It was glorious to be claimed by her seed. Her cum pumped hot into my bowels. Spurt after wonderful spurt of her cum fired into me. Rapture exploded in my pussy. My futa-cock exploded in her tail's grip.

My cum fired and struck the catwalk. Powerful bursts of jizz that matched the spurts of Mistress-seed firing into my bowels. My asshole drank in that wonderful treat. I shuddered, moaning and gasping out my rapture.

“Yes, yes, yes!” I gasped, my asshole convulsing around her bowels. “That's so wonderful. Ooh, you're amazing, Mistress Vixen! You're honoring me with your seed!”

“I am!” she moaned. “I'm planting my seed so deep in your bowels.”

“You are!” I squealed, my asshole milking out every drop of her cum I could wring from her. I felt so dizzy. So wonderfully dizzy.

I shook my head from side to side, panting as I reveled in her cum filling me up. A big smile spread on my lips. A hot shiver ran through my body. I groaned, loving her clit-dick filling my bowels up with all her yummy cum. It was fantastic. Stupendous. A big smile spread on my lips. A shudder ran through me as I fired the last spurt of jizz from my futa-cock.

Then she ripped her clit-dick out of my bowels. I gasped, my asshole clenching down on her girl-cock. A shiver ran through me. It was wonderful. I smiled, savoring the delight. The passion of this moment. 

“Oh, Mistress Vixen,” I groaned. “Thank you, thank you, thank you!”

She stroked my rump. “You are welcome.”

“Vixen,” Ella called up. “Who are you fucking up there.”

“A little fly on the wall,” purred Vixen. “One of the Dark One's minions. But she doesn't serve that foul bitch any longer, do you?”

“No,” I moaned, shaking my head. “I serve you, Mistress Vixen. You!”

“Is that Saffron Homewood?” asked Ella. “Virginia's twin sister?”

“Is that who you are, dickgirl-slut?” Mistress Vixen asked, her cum brimming in my bowels.

“Oh, yes, it is,” I moaned. “Saffron Homewood. Your loyal sex slave.”

“Well, well, well. This is even more intriguing than I thought. Mmm, how to use you, little dickgirl-slut?”

“Hard and wet!” I wiggled my rump. “I want to be used. Please, please, use me.”

“Oh, I'll use you. If my Goddess allows me to. Ella, my beloved, may I use this unworthy fly against our enemy?” 

“Of course, Vixen,” Ella said. “I think that's a great idea. We need to regain the initiative. We can't let the forces from the other world destroy ours!”

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Virginia Homewood

I chewed my lower lip, worrying about Saffron. I knew she was fine, that my twin sister was amazing, but it didn't take away from how much I loved her. We had been together since the womb. I couldn't remember a time when she wasn't in my life.

“Lady Virginia,” purred Pita Reyes. She came up to me, a big futa-dick thrusting from her black bush. She wore a long fall of black hair that spilled over her shoulder and down her chest. “Would you honor me by letting my first use of my cock be to please you?”

I blinked. “You want to fuck me?”

She nodded, her eyes so bright. “By the Seven Harmonious Goddesses, I would treasure that delight. You look worried, and I want to relax you.”

I glanced around the room. The futas were growing. Lada worked her way down her line of cheerleaders while Aria was fucking the last of her home ec girls, Chelle Crawford. Brígida had a few of her girls left to change.

My harem was almost complete and Saffron wasn't here to enjoy it.

“Well, which of my holes would you like to fuck?” I asked her. “Mouth, pussy, or asshole.”

A tremble ran through Pita. “You would honor me with the choice.”

I cupped her cheeks. “You're one of my futa-concubines now, right? Which makes you like my wife. That means there has to be some give and take.” As I stared into her brown eyes, I realized that I loved her. This warmth rippled through me. I loved them all. “I love you, Pita, and I want you to choose which one of my holes you'll fuck.”

A quiver of delight shot through the Hispanic girl. “I would be honored to enjoy your pussy.”

“Good,” I said. “On the ground. Hold your cock up. I'm going to ride you.” I needed to do something about my worry. A naughty idea popped into my head. “How does that sound?”

“It sounds wonderful, Virginia,” she whimpered even as she sank to the floor.

I glanced around and spotted Felipa Aquino watching me, her eyes so big behind her glasses while her futa-cock thrust from her brown bush. I grinned at the Italian futa and asked, “Ass or mouth?”

“Uh... Virginia?” She shuddered.

“Do you want to fuck my asshole or my mouth?” I asked straddling Pita and sinking to impale my cunt down her dick.”

“Asshole,” said Felipa. A smile grew on her lips. “I'm a futanari now. I can't believe it.”

“I can.” I winked at her. “Now get behind me and fuck me in the ass as I ride Pita's amazing girl-cock. I love you, too, Felipa.”

The effect on the nerdy futa-mage was astonishing. She squealed in delight and darted behind me, her futa-dick bobbing before her. My own twitched as I lowered myself down to impale my cunt down her cock. This would be a wondrous delight. Just fantastic.

As I pressed my blonde bush into Pita's cock, I spotted a cheerleader watching us and stroking her girl-cock. Ejiro Okeke was a slender cheerleader. A Japanese doll with a huge cock. She was the flyer, the one that was thrown into the air by the other cheerleaders. 

“Ejiro, I love you, too,” I purred. “Come and let me suck your dick.”

Her slanted eyes widened. Then she smiled and hurried over, her small breasts hardly quivering. “I love you, too, Your Majesty.”

I sighed. It seemed like all the cheerleaders would call me “Your Majesty” or “Queen Virginia.” 

I impaled my cunt down Pita's cock, my own futa-dick smacking her in the belly. I moaned at the wondrous delight of her clit-cock stretching out the folds of my pussy. A hot shiver ran through me. I groaned, my face contorting in bliss.

My futa-cock throbbed and ached as it twitched on her stomach. I smiled at her, a heady rush shooting through me. My pussy clenched down on her while Pita smiled at me in delight. Then Felipa moved in behind me.

The Italian futa-mage pressed her girl-cock into my butt-crack. She slid it down. I groaned and turned my head to face Ejiro's girl-cock. I opened my mouth wide and grabbed her shaft. I pulled her to me and swallowed her tip.

Felipa found my asshole.

“Queen Virginia!” the Japanese futa moaned and groaned as I suckled on her girl-cock.

“Oh, Virginia, yes!” gasped Felipa as she drilled her futa-dick into my sphincter.

My cunt clenched down on Pita's cock. The Hispanic futa moaned, “Lady Virginia, I am so honored! Oh, yes, yes, so honored.”

So was I to have all these futas loving me. 

I suckled hard on Ejiro's futa-dick as the cock drilling into my asshole stretched and stretched out my anal ring. Then she popped into my sloppy depths. I groaned in delight, my body shuddering. My pussy clenched down on Pita's dick as Felipa slid to the hilt in me.

The Italian futa hugged me, grabbing my tits and rubbing her boobs into my back. She drew back her hips, the velvety friction melting down to my cock-stuffed cunt. I loved it. I lifted my cunt up Pita's cock, my cunt clenching about her dick.

Then I slammed down her cock as Felipa rammed back into my bowels.

It was incredible. I moaned around Ejiro's dick. I had a girl-cock in all three of my holes and my own shaft smacked into Pita's stomach. I rose back up her cock as Felipa pumped away at my bowels. Two wonderful frictions melted through my nethers.

I whimpered around Ejiro's dick, drool running down my chin. I rode Pita's cock and took Felipa's shaft in my bowels. All these naughty delights shot through me. I shuddered, my boobs jiggling in Felipa's massaging grip.

“Queen Virginia,” moaned Ejiro as I nursed on her cock. Her small breasts quivered. “Oh, that's so good. I'm going to cum. I think.”

“Eenoy's lovely pussy, yes!” moaned Pita as I worked my cunt up and down her cock. My dick slapped into her flesh. It felt incredible. I loved her girth in me.

And Felipa's big dick reaming my bowels. She slammed into me, gasping, “Virginia, your asshole is amazing. I love it!”

I moaned, squeezing my bowels on her girl-cock. I worked my twat up and down Pita's cock as Felipa sodomized me with such force. The wonderful delights mixed and swirled around my ovaries. They brimmed with such a big load of cum I would fire all over Pita's face.

I would just cover her in juices. I would gush all over her. it would be magnificent. I whimpered, working my cunt up and down that girl-cock. I rode her with more and more delight. I squeezed my eyes shut, swelling towards such an eruption. 

“Oh, my Queen!” moaned Ejiro, her body trembling. “That's so good.”

I nursed hard on her girl-cock, sucking with such passion. I wanted to drink her cum. To guzzle it all down as Pita and Felipa flooded my holes with all their passion. It would be such a magnificent delight. I rose towards it. Hurtled closer and closer with every moment. 

I trembled, nursing with such force on Ejiro's cock, drool running down my chin. My cunt impaled down Pita's futa-shaft, my girl-dick smacking into her belly. The slap echoed around us. My bowels gripped Felipa's cock as she rammed into me.

I quivered. The top of my dick ached. I was so close to cumming.

“Yes, yes, yes!” Felipa moaned, ramming her girl-cock into my bowels while her fingers squeezed my tits. They slid up to my nipples.

Pinched them.

I squealed as the pleasure shot down to my cunt. My pussy convulsed around Pita's cock. Hot cum spurted from my dick and shot up her body. I splattered her. My jizz pumped over her tits. She quivered there as I covered her breasts in blast after blast of my cum. It felt so amazing to do. 

“Oh, yes, yes, Lady Virginia!” Pita moaned, her face contorting.

Then she erupted. 

Her cum pumped into my spasming pussy. I whimpered, nursing hard on Ejiro's dick. As the dual delights shot through me, drool spilled down on my chin. I whimpered, my asshole rippling around Felipa's thrusting cock.

“Yes!” she gasped and plunged to the hilt in my bowels.

Now I had two wonderful dicks spurting futa-jizz into me. My pussy and asshole writhed around both those dicks. I shuddered, savoring having Ejiro's girl-cock in my mouth at the same time. I nursed on her with passion as my holes milked Felipa and Pita dry.

“My Queen!” the Japanese futa moaned. She threw back her head.

Her cock erupted.

Salty jizz splashed against the back of my throat. I fired my last burst of cum onto Pita's tits as I reveled in swallowing Ejiro's spunk. I drank her cum down, just guzzled it. Pita and then Felipa went dry, both of them panting as they filled me with such jizz. It was amazing. I trembled, loving every second of it.

“Oh, thank you, Queen Virginia,” purred Ejiro as I sucked out the last of her cum. I gulped it down and loved how it filled my belly.

Other futas were squealing through the room. My harem was growing and growing. Every time Brígida, Lada, and Aria came in a girl, I had one more concubine to love. It was so wonderful. I brimmed with this joy.

And wished that Saffron was here to enjoy it.

The next period classes were starting, but we were in the home ec room. We would all be in trouble, but did that really matter. Something momentous was going on. I nursed a final time on Ejiro's cock, drawing out a bit of cum, before sliding my lips off her dick.

“Mmm, thank you,” I purred. “Thank you so much.”

“I'm so glad you enjoyed my dick in your ass,” Felipa said. “Wow, I never thought I'd say that.”

“I'd never thought I'd hear it,” I said, smiling. “Go, enjoy the orgy. It looks like Aria is finished and Brígida is nearly done. Lada's still got half her girls, poor thing. She got such a late start.”

“But she's happy right now,” Ejiro said. “She wanted to make us all into futas last night when she fucked us in the locker room and had been bummed when she couldn't. So, thank you, Your Majesty, for giving her that power.”

I winked at her.

Then the door open and Saffron slipped in. She froze at the sight of the orgy. Her head snapped around, her black hair dancing. She was looking for someone. Her skirt swirling about her thighs. Then my twin sister locked her hazel eyes on me. 

“There you are, Virginia,” she said, her smile spreading on her lips. It was wide. Very wide. “Cool, cool. I, uh, I go to talk to you.” 

“About?” I asked, rising and sliding my holes off Pita's and Felipa's futa-cocks. They popped out of my holes. Cum spilled out of me. I shivered that. It felt so naughty to have the cum leaking out of my cunt and running down my thighs and spilling out into my butt-crack.

“I saw something. Super important.” She rose on her tiptoes. “Got to tell you. In, er, private.”

“This is my harem.” I moved to her and took her hands. I smiled at my twin sister. “You know that. They all can be trusted.”

Saffron arched an eyebrow. 

“What?” I asked. I swallowed, staring at her eyes. They were a little dull. “What is wrong?”

“I really, really have to speak with you.” She grabbed my cock, stroking it. Her hand felt cold like she had bad circulation. I shuddered at her icy grip. “It's important. You're my twin sister. Trust me.”

“I trust you,” I said, smiling at her. “Okay, let's go to the bathroom. Classes are on, so we should be fine.”

“Good,” Saffron said and then led me to the door.

“Er, where are you two going?” Lada asked. She was stepping up to fuck her next cheerleader, a girl named Mackenzie. 

“Just to the bathroom to talk,” I said.

“Okay. Ocean, Ejiro, go with them and keep watch.”

“No!” shouted Saffron, her exclamation shooting over it. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Saffron Homewood

My cheeks warmed. Everyone stared at me. I swallowed. “It's just sisterly stuff. Me and Virginia only. We'll be fine. I can protect her. I'm a super awesome thief, you know?

Had I blown it? Mistress Vixen would be so angry with me if I blew it.

“It's fine,” Virginia said. She smiled at me. So trusting. 

My evil twin sister was despicable. My skin crawled just being so close to her. I hated having to touch her cock. I should only touch Mistress Vixen's wonderful cock. My bowels clenched around her wonderful seed. She soaked me with her love. 

“Shall we?” Virginia asked. “I'm sure you won't let us get caught since I'm naked.”

“Of course not.” I grabbed the doorknob and listened. It was hard to hear over the moans of the orgy, but I didn't hear anyone out there. Not all the teachers were servants of Ella, and there were plenty of regular girls who could spot us and raise a ruckus. “It's clear.”

I opened the door and stepped out, pulling my twin sister along by her cock. My skin crawled doing that, but I had no choice. Mistress Vixen needed me to get her alone. I padded down the hallway towards the bathroom, Virginia's noisy, bare feet smacking on it.

Did she have to be so loud? Didn't she know a thing about sneaking? Mistress Vixen did. She was so stealthy. Way better than me. 

I was so unworthy of her, but she had chosen me. I couldn't fail.

I pushed the door open to the girls' restroom and slipped inside. I led my sister to the last stall. The handicap one. A student could come in here to use the restroom. We couldn't take any chances. I had to tell her my information.

“What's wrong?” Virginia asked as we slipped into the last stall.

“I followed Ella to the performing arts center,” I said. “She had a meeting with all her followers. Teachers, the volleyball team, and the drama club. They all call her a goddess.”

Only Mistress Vixen should be a goddess, but she also serves Ella. So was Ella a goddess if a goddess served her? My brain hurt just thinking about it.

“Saffron,” Virginia said. “You look like you're off in La La Land right now.”

“Sorry.” I swallowed, letting go of her nasty cock. I couldn't believe I had ever enjoyed that pathetic futa-dick fucking me. “It's just what I learned is huge. I mean, you're not going to like it.”

She cupped my face. It took everything I had not to flinch from her touch. Her blue eyes peered into mine. “Are you okay? You look so out of it.”

“Of course I'm out of it!” I snapped. “That's how stunning this news is. I told you, I was spying on them. Listening to what they were talking about. Convergence and how it was coming.”

“Nothing new there,” Virginia said, her fingers stroking my cheeks. “Unless you know what Convergence is.”

“I don't.” That wasn't a lie. Mistress Vixen didn't tell me about it, so there was no need for me to be concerned. “But that's not what's important. It was what Ella said next. 'We have learned who the Dark One is. Virginia Homewood. The destroyer of our world has a face. We have an enemy that we can finally fight. We are going to save our world from the Seven Demons who threaten it.'”

Virginia's brow tightened. “Mrs. Bean called me Dark One, too. Why?”

“Because they think you're going to destroy the world!” I wanted to rip my face from my twin sister's evil grip. She was foul and loathsome. Everything that I hated. “You're evil, Virginia!” 

She flinched.

I went too far. “That's what they believe.” I laughed. “Not me, of course. I'm your twin sister.”

“You are. You know me better than anyone, and I know you. We've been together all our lives.”

“That's right.” I swallowed. “But then Ella said, 'Luckily for us, we have a mole in their group. We had recruited one of her numbers to our side. I can't say who, but in her inner circle is a traitor who will spy on her and guide her into our trap.'”

Virginia's brow furrowed. She stared at me. “That's what she said?”

“I don't know who it is.” I lowered her voice. “But you can see why I had to speak to you alone. We can smoke out the traitor. Me and you.” I swallowed. “I know it's not you. You're the only one I can trust. Not Aria, Brígida, Lada, or their girls. We have to be on guard.”

“Yes, we do.” Virginia swallowed. “Did you record her words?”

“No, no.” I shuddered. “I forgot. Sorry.”

“I see.” She furrowed her brow. “This is very disturbing news.”

“I know. But you can trust me. I'm with you all the way.”

“Of course.” She leaned in to kiss me.

I tensed for a moment then forced myself to react. Her lips sealed on mine. Her tongue kissed me as her girl-cock pressed into my stomach. Then she thrust her tongue into my mouth. I pulled mine back out of instinct. This wasn't Mistress Vixen's tongue. But she warned me I would have to do things like this with my sister.

Incestuous things.

Her lips worked on mine. I kissed her back, wanting to embrace this. My cock even started to harden. This was so wrong to do. I shouldn't be kissing her. The taboo nature of it made my clit-dick swell and swell. I was Mistress Vixen's. Only she should do this to me, but...

I had to let Virginia ravish me. 

She was a horny, evil, despicable futa. I shuddered, wanting to rip my head back. But I didn't. Instead, I grabbed the back of her head and held her to my lips, kissing her as she unbuttoned my blouse.

Her fingers worked up the front of my crisp, white top. She opened it more and more, moaning into the kiss as she did. She reached the top button right beneath the red bow tie. She undid that and pulled it off, tossing it to the ground. 

She broke the kiss and ripped open my blouse. My small breasts were constrained in a black bra. She pulled my top off and threw it beside us. In the handicap stall, we had plenty of room to do the naughty things she craved.

“Mmm, yes, yes, we're going to figure this out together,” I purred, sounding sexy. “Fuck me, Virginia. I know you want to. You can... can... ravish me.”

“That's what you want?” Virginia asked, her blue eyes hot, her futa-cock throbbing before her as it thrust from her blonde bush.

“Of course that's what I want!” I moaned. “I'm your twin! Your lover!” I reached behind me while begging for Mistress Vixen's forgiveness. My asshole clenched, full of all that wonderful cum. It soaked every bit of me. “I love you!”

I wanted to throw up.

I ripped off my bra, exposing my small tits. My sister grabbed them and kneaded them. She ducked her head down and suckled a pink nipple into her mouth. I gasped, my futa-cock throbbing in my panties. A wave of heat shot through me. I groaned, my face burning. I shuddered, my heart pounding. 

I couldn't help how my body responded as the pleasures rushed out of my pussy. My hands shot down to my skirt. I unzipped it as she suckled. My cunt clenched as my skirt fluttered down my legs and landed around my feet.

I shoved off my panties next. My girl-cock popped out. I thrust out hard before me. It bobbed before me and then smacked into her clit-dick. Our tips rubbed together. Pleasure shot down my cock and rippled through me.

“Virginia,” I moaned, plying along. 

She nibbled on my nipple with her lips.

I groaned at that. My entire body shuddered. Pleasure rushed through me. I swallowed, my heart racing. This heat was something else. I rolled my shoulders, my head shaking from side to side as my cock throbbed.

She popped her mouth off my nipple and then stared up at me. She rubbed the tips of our cocks together. She smiled at me, so trusting. She had no idea that I knew the truth about her. She would destroy our world.

“You love me, right, Saffron?” she asked.

“Of course!” I said, my skin crawling. I shuddered. “I love you so much.”

“So you'll suck my cock for me?” She fluttered her blue eyes. “You're my twin sister. Your mouth is the best.”

I couldn't refuse her. 

There was no choice but for me to fall to my knees and suck on her cock. I had to prove to her that I “loved” her. My sister's cock bobbed before me. The first one I had ever sucked. The dick that had taken my virginity.

Something itched at the back of my mind, but I ignored it.

I kissed the tip of her cock. I closed my eyes and forced my lips to slide over her girl-cock. Her thick tip popped into my mouth. I swirled around her, tasting the salty traces of her cum. A wave of heat washed out of my cunt while the ache swelled at the tip of my own futa-dick.

I bobbed my head, my black hair dancing around my face. Her clit-dick throbbed in my mouth. I suckled on her. I nursed with passion. My cheeks hollowed as I loved her. I moaned while I worked my mouth up and down her girl-cock.

I suckled on her with passion. I worked my mouth up and down her clit-dick. My cheeks hollowed as I loved her. I nursed on her with passion. I suckled on her with such force. She moaned, throwing back her head. Her round breasts jiggled.

“Yes, yes, Saffron,” my twin sister moaned, her precum spilling over my tongue. “Show me how much you love me! Prove it!”

My cheeks hollowed. I bobbed my head, my lips sliding up and down her girl-dick. My tongue danced around her crown. I hated touching her. This made me feel so dirty.

And that made my cunt so hot. My futa-dick so hard. 

“Mmm, yes, yes, you're showing me just how you feel!” She smiled down at me, her blue eyes twinkling. “Oh, my god, I'm going to fire so much cum in your mouth. You want it, don't you?”

No!

I moaned around her cock and nodded. I suckled with such passion, my tongue dancing around her spongy crown. Her juices spilled over my tongue. I shuddered at that. A shiver ran through me. My cheeks hollowed as I suckled.

Drool spilled down my chin as I bobbed my head. My hands gripped her hips. I held her tight as I loved her futa-cock. Her breasts swayed over my head as she moaned. Her blonde hair fell about her features twisting in bliss.

“Oh, Saffron, I'm going to fire so much cum into your mouth.” Virginia shuddered. “Ooh, just flood you with all I have.”

I suckled with passion on her. I nursed with all I had. My cheeks hollowed. It was wonderful to suckle on her. I bobbed my head, working my mouth up and down her futa-cock. I suckled with passion. With such force.

The salty flavor of her precum grew as her moans swelled in volume. She grabbed the sides of my head and held me in a place like the evil thing she was. Her futa-cock throbbed in my mouth. Her face scrunched up.

“Yes!” she howled. “Saffron!”

Her salty cum fired into my mouth.

The thick, rich, and creamy futa-jizz fired into my mouth. Her evil tasted so good. I gulped it down, wishing it was Mistress Vixen's seed. Virginia moaned, the sweet aroma of her pussy filling my nose.

“Yes, yes, I know just how you feel about me!” Virginia moaned. “Oh, Saffron, I love you so much! Yes, yes, yes!” 

Virginia's cock spurted a final time into my mouth. I gulped down her cum. My twin's salty seed fell to my stomach. I shuddered as I nursed one more time, just to work out all the drops. Not because her cum was super tasty, but to maintain the illusion.

“Mmm, Saffron,” Virginia moaned. “My sexy twin sister knows how to make me cum.”
I slid my mouth off of her futa-dick. “Of course I do.” I smiled up at her. “I'm your twin sister. I love you more than anyone.”

“You do.” She smiled. “And I love you. Mmm, sit on the toilet. I want to ride your girl-cock. Just work my pussy up and down your futa-dick while staring into your green eyes.”

“Of course, Virginia,” I moaned. That was what the old me who hadn't been blessed by Mistress Vixen's cum would have said.

I rose and then sat on the toilet seat. I leaned back into the plumbing, my futa-cock throbbing before me. She smiled and straddled me. Her girl-dick, soaked in my saliva, dragged down my chest. The smear of precum and spit felt so naughty on me. 

She grabbed my shaft while her blue eyes stared into mine. They twinkled with delight as she lifted my clit-dick. Her silky bush caressed the tip a moment later. Then her hot pussy lips kissed it. I gasped and she moaned.

“Mmm, it's always so wonderful when we come together, isn't it?” she moaned, her blue eyes filling up my world.

My gaze flicked to the left. “It is. Ride my cock, Virginia. I love you so much. Yes, yes, just work that futa-dick up and down my dick.”

“Gladly,” she purred and impaled her cunt down my dick.

I gasped as her hot sheath swallowed my cock. She moaned as her silky cunt devoured every inch of my shaft. Her own clit-dick throbbed against my belly while her boobs bounced. She sank all the way down me, her butt-cheeks resting on my thighs. 

She clamped her cunt down on my dick. She felt so wonderful squeezed about me. She slid up my shaft. She worked her cunt up and down my shaft. It was an amazing delight. I couldn't help that my body enjoyed the incestuous caress of my sister's pussy working up and down me.

She rode me with such passion. She squeezed her cunt around me. I groaned, my futa-cock throbbing in her snatch. She grinned at me, slamming her cunt down my cock and then working back up me again. 

“Mmm, that's so good,” she cooed, her blue eyes staring at me. “Yes, yes, that's just amazing. I'm going to have such an amazing climax on your girl-cock.”

“Wonderful,” I breathed, flicking from her gaze. Her futa-dick rubbed into my stomach. “That's wonderful, Virginia. Just keep riding me.”

“Because you want to cum in my pussy?” She leaned closer, her hands stroking my small boobs. She kneaded my little titties. “Because you want to fire all that jizz into your twin sister's pussy?”

“Yes!” I gasped.

She smiled, her pussy clenching about my dick. “Good. I want you to flood me. I want every blast of your cum firing into my cunt. That sounds wonderful.”

Virginia slammed her cunt down my girl-cock and worked back up my shaft again. Her pussy held me tight. She felt so wonderful around my futa-dick. I groaned, the pressure building and building at the tip of my cock. I was getting so close to bursting. My toes curled.

My hands grabbed her tits. I squeezed her boobs. I kneaded those lovely tits as they jiggled in my hand. They felt wonderful in my grip. I dug my fingers into them, loving the feel of them. I shuddered, rushing towards that moment of erupting. I would have such a huge climax.

I would fire all my cum into her snatch. Just pump her full of my spunk. It would be such an amazing delight. I groaned, the pleasure building and building in me. I would have such a mighty burst of rapture. I would explode.

“Yes, yes, yes,” Virginia moaned. I wished she was Mistress Vixen. “Ooh, that's it. That's what I needed. Oh, wow, Saffron. You're going to make me explode. You know that?”

“Good,” I whimpered, my face contorting with the delight of her cunt working up and down my cock. She slammed her pussy down my dick. It was incredible. I loved the way she rode me. I groaned, my face twisting from the rapture of her cunt. “I want you to hurry up and cum!”

“Mmm, getting there!” My twin sister slammed her cunt down my cock, her own dick throbbing against my belly. “Yes, yes, I'm getting there.”

I squeezed her tits. I massaged her boobs as she worked her cunt up and down my clit-dick. The hot ache swelled at the tip. I came closer and closer to cumming. To exploding. I would flood her with all the cum I had in my ovaries.

I couldn't take much more of her pussy. Her taboo sheath worked up and down my cock. She felt amazing. It was outstanding that I experienced this delight. My face contorted from the bliss. I groaned as she impaled her twat down my dick.

The rapture burst at the tip of my futa-cock.

“Saffron!” she squealed.

“Virginia!” I moaned.

We came together.

Twins synchronized in rapture. Her futa-cock spurted cum that splashed up my body and coated my tits and throat with her spunk. My jizz erupted into her spasming pussy. Her cunt rippled around my shaft. I pumped her full of my seed as the pleasure slammed through me.

Delight rushed out of my cunt and fired out of my cock. Two outstanding blisses. I threw back my head, her pussy convulsing and writhing around my futa-dick. She milked me with her passion. I shuddered, whimpering and moaning with all this delight.

“Yes, yes, yes!” she gasped, her pussy wringing my cock dry. “Oh, Saffron, this is wonderful. I love it.”

“I do, too!” I moaned, my mind drowning in rapture. My eyes fluttered. “Love you!”

“Love you, too!” she moaned as I spurted the last of my cum into her pussy. I shuddered as the pleasure rippled through my body. “Oh, Virginia.”

“Mmm, Saffron,” purred Virginia. “Ooh, what are we going to do about the traitor.”

“Work together,” I said.

“Can we do this?” She stared into my eyes. “Can we figure out who the traitor is?”

“I have a few ways we can smoke the bitch out.” 

My twin sister smiled. “I'm so glad I have you. Ooh, come on, we have to get back. I bet Lada's only got a few more of her cheerleaders to awaken. You need to meet them.”

“Of course.” My stomach roiled. This was it. Time to sow confusion and chaos.

I shuddered as Virginia rose off me. Then she opened the stall door. I gathered up my clothes and we rushed out. After listening for anyone coming, we darted into the hallway and rushed to the home ec class. Virginia opened the door for me, motioning me to hurry.

I darted into a room full of futas fucking. There was an orgy in here. Cocks were spurting, girls moaning. The air smelled of pussy and cum. The door closed behind me. Then I heard the click of the lock to keep anyone from entering.

“Ladies,” Virginia said. “We have a problem. My dear twin sister Saffron has been bewitched by the enemy! Grab her!”

My stomach ran cold as a horde of naked futas surged in at me. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Willow

“The quakes are getting worse,” I reported to Kalirisia, the futa-elf who I thought was my enemy. Virginia had shown us differently. Then she had vanished.

And then the quakes had begun. 

“Trees are spreading the word. They're originating here, Kalirisia.” I tapped the ground beneath my feet. “From the Forest of Golden Dreams.”

“It's Convergence,” Kalirisia gasped. The futa-elf shook her head. “The Demon Lord's enacted her greatest weapon. It's begun. The beginning of the end.”

The ground began to shake beneath my feet.

To be continued...
