Authors Note This story is entirely a work of fiction the output of my
warped imagination.  Under no circumstances should any one attempt to enact
this in real life.  Enjoy the fantasy for what it is, a fantasy.

   Story codes MM, F+M+, bb, Mb, Fb, exhib, voyeur, wrestling

Fighting Family
I looked up from my desk, the previous five minutes had felt like fifteen, the French verbs in front of me had ceased to make what little sense they already made, the letters seemed to rearrange them selves at random and at will, forming bizarre patterns or spelling out my desire for the school day to end. The weekend beckoned and it could not come too soon. I looked around me I was not the only impatient one other boys and girls wriggled uncomfortably. But the bell when it came still caused me to start. I stuffed mu exercise books into my satchel and hurried out. 

Out side the school gates uncle Dave and aunty June were waiting with their son Tom. Uncle was a misnomer  as they were mum and dads special friends, Tom their  son was ten like my self, though not from my school. On the high street we popped into the news agents.  The magazine shelves were as always packed, back in 76 The liberalisation of publishing and the relaxing of censorship laws had opened the porn flood gates. Uncle Dave utterly unashamedly flipped through numerous publications. Likewise Tom and my self rummaged amid the comics,  the comics in terms of content  were a close second  to the adult titles while the photos within were of younger models. I can't deny that I didn't enjoy the photo stories. For younger readers the comics featured colouring that often required a lot of pink. They also explained to kids what mummy daddy and their friends were doing in quite simple and explicit terms.

A number of the comic strips dealt with life in the larger polyamrous families.  I suppose I knew that even then that special friends was not the right term for Dave after all did special friends share a bed with mum and dad? Did a special friend's son share a bed with me. No this was something more they were family. These days poly families are common in places like central London they predominate. I know that I would not be complete without my husband and two wives.

Walking home uncle Dave was his usual teasing tactile self, on Fridays with the week over we tended to let our hair down. Mum, dad, Dave   and June would be more open in their activities,  though they weren't exactly discreet to begin with. Home was a newish house in the London suburb of Rusluip.  Our little sisters Tess and Maddy both 8 arrived  on the school bus shortly afterwards

With mum and dad still at work, Dave set about making Tom and me our tea, while we got out of our school uniforms.  Tom and I not only shared a room we shared a bed as well. It had not taken all that much encouragement from our parents for that sharing to become intimate. As had become our habit we stripped off quickly and changed into lose t shirts and shorts without any undies. Then as fish fingers grilled took some time to read our comics and magazines. Tess and and Maddy followed a similar routine and went from school uniforms to something a bit more comfortable before settling down to watch some telly. We heard June bustling about upstairs as she took the hover round the fourth bedroom. A bedroom with no beds just padded mats on floor and walls. Tonight it would be getting some use though that's not to say it went unused during the rest of the week.

The reason our families lived together apart from the financial was   a shared love of wrestling and very rough sex. This desire was openly shared with all family members along with a circle of friends. Tom and my self tended to make good use of the mat room. So once we'd scoffed our tea, and greeted my mum and dad. We stripped off in our bedroom and entered the mat room. June came up as well just to watch us before going down for the wrestling on telly. I knew that she was planning to get things stirred up and mum in particular wound up.

There is always something deeply primal about tusselling naked, the freedom of being naked coupled with the intense physicality makes it quite addictive.  June sat back against the wall her dress undone and barely still on her shoulders. That early in the evening Tom and my tussle was quite light, with some slapping, holds, locks and pins. It would get more intense later. It was almost as an after thought that June mentioned that we were having visitors later that evening.

Visitors meant the fighting would be more aggressive and quite a bit harder. It also meant that once again our ads had yielded results. Mostly it was just couples or single men. The men would watch mum and June fight before facing dad or Tom. They were never given a choice over who they faced or the fact that they would be watched by all family members. In our house it was our rules. With couples we had seen four way fights and the resultant group sex.  Earlier in the week I'd watched mum slap around another woman quite viciously before forcing her to submit then sitting on her face. At other times dad or Dave had come of worse before being arse fucked. Quite often mum or June were claimed as prizes and forced submit to the victor's desires. 

If the visitors brought kids along we always made sure they were willing participants. Tom our sisters had I had faced a real mix of opponents.  With the inevitable mixed results. 

Once a week a martial arts instructor Sensi Pete would visit for an hour or two of family training. His payment was the pleasures of mum and June. Every other week the session would be at his dojo in Harrow with two or three other families or couples in our circle of friends. In this case there was a basic dress code of trunks or swimsuit.  Though towards the end of the session those would often be discarded. 

Tonight's visitors though new to my parents were not new to Tom and I, their sons certainly were a pair of lads utterly despised by the pair of us. I was pretty certain that they had brought our parent's contact adds to their parent's attention. Tom and I had already had few run ins with Daz and Tony, though they were of similar ages to us they both large and heavy for their years. June told she met Tracey their mum for a chat earlier  and could attest that the family had similar tastes as ourselves. In her case the chat had moved to a grapple in the garden stripped down to their panties. 

Both mum and June were stocky women, well padded all round. While mum was a frizzy blond who tended to keep her hair tied back, June kept hers short, often dyed copper or red. They  both had quite fiery personalities  and would think nothing of administering a swift physical punishment if any of us kids stepped out of line. Dad and Dave were more of a contrast. Dad was 2" taller at 6' though somewhat heavier as well. His body was not particularly hairy. Though his crotch was very luxuriantly furred framing 7 inches. Dave was far hairier though with a fast receding hairline the he kept near shaved. Down below his 6 inches were uncommonly thick. Though neither had our mum's short fuses. When they got wound up they could both have long rage. If it was with each other then it would be out in the garden or the matt room. Often dad or Dave would square off to help each other let off steam after a difficult day or issue. They both shared a fondness for fight mags and vids. In the lounge two stand alone book cases were loaded with these.

At 6 the door bell rang, Tom and I were in the lounge, like our dads all we wore was the briefest of trunks. While our mum's padded round in brief bikinis our sisters wore swimsuits.  The telly in the lounge  was showing an amateur fight video featuring a group of women in a gym. An evening like this was always a mix of physical and sexual tension. It would start off affably enough but the goal was to get every one a bit keyed up. This was largely orchestrated by mum and June with the  fires stoked by Tracey a role she fulfilled by squeezing onto the couch between dad and Dave then flirting and caressing with the intent of  provoking her husband and the disdain of our mums. June in contrast was sat on Graham's lap, making something of a fuss of him in as brazen a manner as she could, amid the fawning were barbed comments aimed at Tracey plus a few choice comments aimed at mum. Daz was sat with  From the start Tom and I were on the defensive Daz and Tony were as obnoxious as always, but this time it involved our mums and our sisters. It was not too far into things when as mum sat on a cushion chatting, Daz came up to her pulled out cock and rubbed it on her face with deceleration of "Suck this bitch".

Mum made a show of disgust, while their dad Graham a bald lanky man with    deeply tanned and tattooed skin streched over arms like steel hawsers looked at me and challenged.

"Nick, your not going to put up with that are you?"

As the adults looked at me expectantly I swiftly moved over to Tracey. Gabbing her pony tailed platinum blond hair, I yanked her forward  off the couch partly helped by a shove from dad. With a shriek she landed  on mums legs, then with all the force I could muster slapped her arse bare on account of her G string. 

Tracey yelled at mum demanding that she" keep her little animal under control", 

As I slapped Tracy's arse Daz dived at me his cock still protruding from his tight shorts. We tumbled to the floor in flurry of blows and abuse.
As I found my self struggling with the larger and heavier lad, 

Mum seized her chance and went for Tracey grabbing her hair and pulling her to her feet. Seated  on Graham facing him, June moved from 
amorous contact to locking her legs round his midriff and applying a squeeze this prevented him from coming to Tracey's assistance.  However in the midst of all of this Tony made the biggest mistake, by grabbing Maddy pulling off her bikini bottoms and trying to finger her. Before an enraged Tom could come to her defence. Shed grabbed Tony's fingers yanked them back then twisted his arm. Getting to her her feet she delivered a swift sharp kick to his bulging shorts that led to something of a deflation.  

Despite her capable response Tom was not going to stand for one of our sisters being grabbed like that.  We  had  both always been quite protective of our sisters,  in this lifestyle that certainly was not easy. We would both sit back if they tussled with each other and other girls. But boys who tried to force them selves were a different matter, even when they were face  down on the floor with a twisted arm and sore balls. Tracey had clearly had enough of being grabbed by her hair, as mum was leading her up stairs to the matt room, Tracey clasped mum's  hand she twisted just far enough to be able to deliver a swift stomach punch the shock caused mum to loosen her grip just enough for Tracey to pull her had free of her hair the twist mum's arm behind her back and slam her hard against the wall. Flattening her heavy breasts. With a hard jerk and rip of splitting seams mums bikini bottoms were ripped off and used to tie her hands together  behind her back. In all fairness she could have put up more of a fight, but Tracey was playing the game beautifully. 

Tracey led her up stairs with a sense of triumph. Dave told Maddy to let
go of Tony but not before Tess had pulled off trunks wiped her arse on them and stuffed them in his mouth. With an arm lock applied her was led up stairs. Dad finally pull Daz off me then slapped my arse hard for being over powered by the fat  sod. Graham like wise was unimpressed by Daz's failure to beat me asked my dad to make us pull each others trunks down very deliberately. 

As for Graham it became clear that June was trying to provoke an encounter between him and Dave or dad. To some thing of her disappointment,  the main thing she had succeeded in provoking was a most impressive erection. June was what be called a fight slut. Few things aroused her more than wrestling and fighting men. Especially if there was prospects that one of them would claim her afterwards. I suspected that if she had to face Tracey or mum to get shagged by Graham, then her opponent would be the worse for wear from their previous fight. Graham seemed to be holding back from facing off with either dad or Dave but was stoking tension between them as to which one could claim Tracey.  We headed upstairs to the matt room. Dad keeping Daz and my self apart.

In any other house this would have been the master bedroom. In ours it was totally bare except for the crash mats that  covered the floor and the walls up to the ceiling coving. In many ways it was like a padded cell. The window was protected from stray blows by a steel mesh  while the door deliberately had it lock removed. 

Mum and Tracey were already grappling as they stood, I arrived in time to see Tracey's bikini top pulled off, closely followed by her bottoms, though considering how brief these items were it did not take much force. Mum's top was already off and discarded her full breasts bouncing as she grappled, I could see she was trying to trip over Tracey only to be dodged and blocked by the taller tanned woman. 

As soon as we entered the room, Daz and I went at it barely pausing and grabbing in each other in desperate attempt to gain advantage. I had no idea what training Daz had but he was no push over, though he was' nt exactly fast.  He had one hell of grip and a damn hard slap, with our mums wrestling naked next to us, the results were inevitable we were both fully aroused. As we off bounced off the wall our cocks collided. When I pushed my self off and managed to get in a sweeping kick that took his legs out from underneath him. When he slammed to the floor. I wound up on top of him trying to force my cock into his mouth. We normally worked on the rules that if your opponent brought his cock into contact with your lips, that you accepted the contact and sucked them. Daz was not playing by those rules. Rather all I seemed to be doing was rubbing his face with my crotch.

Meanwhile June had succeeded in getting Graham and Dave to face off  though not with the  enthusiasm I'd have expected. In all fairness I think they were enjoying watching mum and Tracey. Graham did some what flag as they stepped apart. Unfortunately as I took note of their situation  I failed to take note of mine. Propelling his legs up Gaz succeeded in pushing me forward and into the padded wall. At which point he grabbed me by the balls and squeezed.  Desperate I tried to prize his had off my tender scrotum pulling at his fingers,  when finally I managed to break his grip by pulling a finger back close to breaking then I planted a foot on his chest pushed him back  with all the force I could muster. Gaz rolled back and wound up behind his. Dave seizing chance changed from trying to throw Graham to the mat and simply pushed till he fell backwards over Gaz who was holding his sore hand, landing heavily upon the lad  and bagging his head on the padded wall. Dave and I seized our chances, I grabbed Gaz's legs yanked them apart and pushed my cock swiftly into his bum. Pinned by  his stunned dad who was getting the same treatment from Dave, Gaz struggled in vain. June looked on disappointed. I felt relieved. When I looked round to check on mum, she was flat on her back with Tracey sat on her face in victorious domination. June's displeasure was further heightened when Tracey now urged Graham, who was coming to his senses that he should take the chance to fuck my mum while she was on the mat. As Dave pulled out Graham shifted his weight off his son, I stepped back leaving Gaz dazed, bruised and his anus some what tender.

Ignoring June and shaking his head as if to clear his vision, Graham knelt between mums legs as she lay beaten and exhausted on the floor. At this point June lost it and slapped Tracey hard across the face. An action that resulted in a swift crunching knee to the cunt that lifted June off her feet an deposited her on the mat. Tracy then grabbed one of June's legs planted her foot on June's very sore cunt, twisted June's left foot till she cried out in submission. 

Through out this dad had been watching the fun from the door while also keeping an eye on Tom, Maddy, Tess and Tony who had retreated to Tom's an my room. With Graham fucking mum hard on the matt Tracy kicked June in the ribs pulled her up by her hair then applying a head lock demanded that dad fill June's arse. Dad looked momentarily uncertain, but he knew that he was not allowed to take down Tracey him self so June received his cock while Tracy egged him on. I took this opportunity to slip out of the room.

Tom Maddy, Tess and Tony had managed to avoid any more of the rough stuff and in all honesty I was relieved to have escaped. I found Maddy and Tess and pulled on matching thigh length boots and were astride Tom and Tony being quite happily fucked. I realised them my involvement would have disturbed their fun. I also didn't think they deserved to have the over aggressive Tracey or June demanding they battle it out. So I closed the door an left them to it.  

