Author: mypenname3000
Title: Stud Conquers the World Book Five: The Demon Mommy's Naughty Plan, Part One
Summary: The demon possessing Charels's mother teaches him to be a good boy!
Keywords: mF Ff mFf mc inc oral Fdom D/s spank super

Copyright: 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my beta reader

Chapter One

Lewis Zachary Zach Black

My sister stood before me just having admitted to murdering Charles's mother to cast the memory wipe spell. I told her not to. We didn't have to cut out the heart of a woman to do it. There had to be other ways. Better ways.

I knew that there would be deaths on the way to my goal of wresting this world from the powers in the shadows, but this was so gruesome. It was beyond murder to do that. I recoiled from my twin sister standing there in the cheap t-shirt she'd bought at a gas station, her dyed-purple hair spilling around her pale face. 

I told you not to, I croaked. Why?

Because it had to be done. She stared at me with her brown eyes quivering with pain. Charles is our enemy. He's plotting to kill you, and she's helping him. You needed the spell cast, and that was the only way. So I did it. I did what had to be done for you, Zach! Her eyes grew wet with emotion. It's always been for you. Everything... Everything I do is for you.

Tears spilled down her cheeks. I had never seen my twin sister looking so vulnerable. So raw. She begged me to understand and accept what she had done. I could see what it cost her. She acted so callous and jaded, like she had not a scrap of innocence in her, but...

It was a facade that had just collapsed.

She had done it. She had crossed that line into murder. I had. I could remember stabbing the pig who ran the porno shop. I had taken his life because it was necessary. We had to keep anything from getting out and ruining Susannah's reputation.

And we had to do the same with her mother.

Moira had made the choice. She had sacrificed her own innocence. Maybe she thought it would be easy. No big deal. Now she knew the truth. Her soul bled before me, and I couldn't keep being angry at her any longer.

I pulled my twin sister to me.

I had to do it, she sobbed as she buried her face into my chest. I had to, right?

You had to, I whispered, stroking her back. I held her in the living room of the small trailer we shared with our mother.

Who was now my lover? My secret wife pregnant with my child. I had claimed her like my father had. I was walking in that bastard's footsteps without even realizing it, but I wouldn't vanish. I wouldn't disappear and abandon Susannah and Mom and Mrs. Augustine.

I wouldn't abandon my sister.

It's okay, I told her, rocking her. It'll be okay.

Will it? she croaked.

Mom walked out of the hallway that led to hers and Moira's bedrooms. Mine was at the other end of the trailer right off the living room. Mom swallowed as she watched me holding my trembling sister. Mom didn't know what was going on, but she was our mother. 

She might be naked and fresh from our latest love-making, but that didn't change who she was.

Mom hurried over and engulfed us both. She held her children in her arms as Moira shuddered with her sobs. Her tears soaked my chest. She rubbed her face into my torso as she trembled. I didn't know what else to do but hold my little sister.

Mom and I held her as the tears ran their course. It was a few minutes, maybe ten, before the emotions drained out of her. She whimpered. Mom pulled away and nodded her head toward the hallway. I picked up my sister and followed Mom.

I held Moira in my arms. She was so light. My twin sister was such a petite thing. So different from Mom and Susannah. She felt fragile. A statute that might shatter if I didn't hold her with the utmost care.

Mom slipped onto the bed and patted the space beside her. I sat Moira down there and slid in on the other side. Like parents comforting their frightened child, Mom and I lay around her, shielding Moira from the world.

She rolled onto her side and pressed her face into Mom's bosom, snuggling up to the comfort of our mother's breasts. I held Moira from the other side, my hand resting on Mom's hips. I lay here, thinking about what this meant.

War.

Charles would retaliate in a violent way. I wasn't even sure the charade with Mrs. Augustine could continue. She might be in grave danger if I let her go to his house again. It might be best to cut that tie even if it meant not learning what was happening on Charles's end. 

I had to talk to Sable. We would need protection. We had to start thinking long-term. I glanced to Nisha, my thought form. She stood behind Mom, her arms folded beneath her dusky breasts. Also called a tulpa, I had birthed her from my will to dominate the world.

She would be my guide on this quest.

Yes, Master, Nisha said. You need bodyguards. Sable will handle recruitment. That is why you had to bind her to you. This is what she craves, remember.

Sable was the second woman I had recruited, the rich bitch from my school. A dominatrix and sadist. If she had cut out Mrs. Swartzenburg's heart, she would not be broken by it. She would bathe in the blood. She wanted power from the shadows.

Mistress of Spies and shit like that. 

I was glad to have a plan. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Charles Ludwig Swartzenburg II

Put your back into it, Mother said. She sat on the couch, naked, her legs crossed. She held a glass of chardonnay in one hand that I filled for her. She smiled at me as I scrubbed up the blood that stained the stone floors of the house we lived in here.

Father had sent me to track down the threat to our family, giving me my mother to be my personal woman. His own wife whom he had never loved. She had just been a tool. A woman from an old bloodline that held power. Perfect for birthing his heir. 

I loved Mom, but that wasn't her watching me. Not really. That was Mother. Her corpse was possessed by the demon Ashtaroth. My mother was still in there, but she was mixed in with a monstrous being that delighted in blood sacrifice.

It was my punishment. I had found the threat and followed the advice of the witch. I was befriending him so I could stab him in the back, but he had struck first. He had cut out my mother's heart and performed a ritual to Hecate with it. 

He had cast a powerful spell invoking one of the Five Rivers of Hades.

I had begged my own god, Molech, to restore her to life. I had sacrificed a married woman named Jenny I had enthralled with my powers. A slut so willing to obey me, she had laid down on my mother's corpse while I stabbed her in the heart.

My first sacrifice. I would do anything to bring back my mother. Anything.

And Molech punished me for it.

Mother's eyes fell on me. They were full of cold darkness. I shivered and scrubbed hard on the blood, cleaning it up. I sprayed more of the bleach on the floor and dipped my rag in the mop bucket full of sudsy water. 

I worked at it naked as she watched. It amused her to give me orders. I was no longer in command of this mission. I wanted to be subtle with Zach. Use his girlfriend's mother to stab him in the back. I had Mrs. Augustine charmed, too. She would have poisoned him. 

The final chemical I needed to brew the poison that was supposed to arrive tomorrow. I had ordered it carefully through several chemical wholesalers. In pieces, they were innocuous. Once assembled, they would cause Zach to have a heart attack. 

A rarity, of course, but the poison metabolized so fast in the body, that by the time he was dead, there wouldn't be any traces of it left. The byproducts were normally found in the blood. That would be that.

I should have just had her shoot him in the head and kill herself. Murder-suicide. People would speculate. Maybe they were having an affair. A scandal that would never lead back to me. Too cautious. Father would never have been so cautious.

How could I be expected to take over the family fortunes if I was too timid?

Ashtaroth wasn't timid.

You're slacking, she said, setting down her glass.

Sorry, Mother, I gasped and scrubbed harder, sweat dripping down my forehead. I had never done such menial work in my life.

My back ached. So did my shoulders. I scrubbed away the magic circle and the blood stains. I had already cleaned the pot of burned pasta Mom had been making for dinner when Zach showed up to murder her.

My vision went red with anger.

She was making me dinner when he stole her life.

That's it, purred Mother. Put that rage into it. He took my life. A good boy avenges his mother.

Yes! I snarled and scrubbed at the blood.

I worked faster now. I used that rage. I would take such pleasure in killing Zach, and once he was gone, I would pin down Susannah. I wouldn't charm her. No, no, I would rape her. I would rape her until her mind broke and she begged for it.

Until she was a shattered doll that just craved my cock plunging into her pussy. Her belly would swell with my child. I would glory in it. Once she was ripe and ready, I would sacrifice her to Molech. Her and the whelp in her womb.

He would reward me.

I would have the power to restore Mom fully and free her from the demon's clutches. I would be strong enough to take over the rule of our house from Father. Molech would bless me with more wealth. Influence. My tendrils would reach out into the world and guide it from the shadows.

I'm finished, I said, my future so clear.

Good, good, Mother said. She patted her lap. You were such a bad, bad boy, weren't you?

Yes, Mother, I said, my head bowed in shame.

And bad boys are spanked, aren't they? she purred. I could hear Ashtoreth's delight in the prospect.

Yes, Mother, I said and rose. I moved to her and slipped over her lap on the couch, my face in the cushions.

She rubbed her hand over my ass. I couldn't believe this. I was being spanked like a child. She purred in delight before she pulled her hand away. I tensed, my asscheeks clenching. Her hand hurtled down.

SMACK!

I clenched my teeth against the stinging pain.

Such a bad, bad boy letting your enemy kill me, she cooed. You're supposed to protect your dear mother.

I'm sorry, Mother, I said. Truly.

SMACK!

I grunted through my teeth. It hurt. My ass burned as I lay over her lap. I wouldn't cry out in pain. I was man enough not to be that weak. I could endure her punishment. I would not cry out. I would hold it in. That was what I promised to do.

SMACK!

My rump blazed so hot, but I kept fighting. 

SMACK!

I'm sorry, Mother! I gasped out, my cock twitching against her leg. God, I was hard. 

You should be, she said. But don't worry, I'm here to correct your behavior and make you into my good boy.

SMACK!

Yes, Mother! I gasped, the pain burning through my body to my dick. To my balls.

My cock throbbed again.

SMACK!

This ache swelled at the tip. I couldn't believe I was feeling something like that. It was insane. This was so crazy that I was so weak. I shuddered as she spanked me again.

SMACK!

And again.

SMACK!

My ass blazed with pain while my cock was so hard. My balls tight with a load of cum. I ground my teeth together to keep from crying out. I squirmed on her lap, rubbing my hard dick against her supple thigh. She had such smooth skin.

My, my, are you getting hard from being spanked by your Mommy? she cooed.

Yes, I groaned, my heart thundering away.

What a horny boy you are.

SMACK!

Yes, Mother! I gasped, my ass burning up. It hurt so much. I felt raw back there.
SMACK!

I'm horny for you, Mommy! I gasped out before I could stop myself. Humiliation swept through me at how weak I was. 

Mommy? I wasn't a little boy. I was sixteen. She rubbed at my ass, my dick aching. I don't recall being so horny in my life. It was insane. I wanted to melt away. She kept rubbing my butt-cheeks, stroking my blazing skin.

Mmm, Mommy has a horny boy to deal with, huh? she asked. Stand up.

Yes, Mommy, I said again. It was so humiliating to call my demon-possessed mother that.

I rose and saw the cruel delight in her eyes. She grabbed my cock and stroked me. I groaned as her silky hand stroked up and down my shaft. My butt-cheeks clenched, both smarting from her spanks. I clasped my hands behind me, not sure what to do.

It was so hard not to groan now as she fisted my dick. She stroked up and down me, engulfing the crown of my dick in her soft hand. She held me fully in her. I suckled in deep breaths, my heart racing a mile a minute.

Mmm, do you want Mommy to make you cum? she purred, her thumb rubbing at the crown and smearing precum into the spongy flesh.

Yes, Mommy, I gasped. 

And you'll be a good boy? she asked, her hand flicking up and down him.

Yes, yes, yes! I'll be a good boy!

Then let's find out, she said. She patted the seat beside her. You don't cum until I give you permission. If you do, Mommy will be very disappointed in her little boy. And you don't want to disappoint your Mommy, do you?

I could see the promise of agony in her eyes.

No, Mommy! I gasped and sat down on the couch beside her. My butt-cheeks burned against the fabric. My cock slapped into my belly. I'll be a good boy and never disappoint you, Mommy!

I know you will, she purred and threw her leg over my lap as she straddled me. Her big boobs swayed before me, her blonde hair dancing around her head. Her blue eyes gleamed with delight. She looked so much like Mom. She was Mom, just...

Twisted by Ashtaroth.

She grabbed my cock and guided me to her shaved pussy. She pressed her cunt down my cock. I groaned at the incestuous heat swallowing my dick. I was so horny from the spanking, I wanted to cum right now. I wanted to erupt.

I held back. I wouldn't give her a reason to have to discipline me even more than she already had. I shuddered at the feel of her cunt squeezing around my cock. She clamped down hard on me. I shuddered as she slid back up to me.

Mommy, I whimpered, her hands resting on my shoulders.

Mmm, such a good boy with such a big dick, she moaned. Mommy loves your cock so much, but...

I won't cum until you tell me to, Mommy! I gasped. I'm a good boy.

That's right, she cooed and plunged her hot twat down my dick.

I shuddered as that hot pussy of hers took every inch of my dick. She swallowed my cock. It was wonderful feeling her doing that. She had such a tight snatch. Her cunt massaged my dick with her incestuous flesh, stimulating me so much.

I gripped her hips, fighting against that need to cum. She massaged the crown of my cock as she worked up and down my dick. She moaned as she did, her big boobs bouncing before my eyes. They heaved, so lovely.

I shuddered at that. She drove me wild with her twat. She made me feel amazing as she clamped her cunt down around my dick. I shuddered as she plunged back down me. It was the pussy that I loved. The cunt that I enjoyed fucking the most.

Mom's cunt.

Mommy, I whimpered.

Not yet, she cooed. Mommy isn't anywhere near cumming yet.

I nodded, shuddering as she worked her twat down my cock again. I squirmed, rubbing my burning ass into the couch. This was a worse punishment than the spanking. I wanted to cum so badly. I grit my teeth, battling that urge to erupt.

To spurt my jizz over and over into her snatch. I wanted to flood her. I wanted to fill her up with all my cum. I craved it so much. That was the delight that I wanted. Needed. That was the hot bliss that I craved. She wiggled her hips, working her cunt from side to side around my dick.

Shit, I moaned. Oh, shit, that's so good. 

Mmm, of course, it's good, she purred. Mommy as the best pussy for her good boy to enjoy!

Yes, Mommy! I gasped. The best! I... I... can I cum?

Not yet. She smiled at me while her eyes sparkled with malice. Just be a good boy a little longer. Ooh, Mommy is going to have such a wondrous orgasm on your dick.

I nodded, fighting against orgasming. I battled against that explosive need building and building at the tip of my cock. She massaged me with her hot flesh, stimulating the crown of my dick. It burst with pleasure that shot down to my balls.

They brimmed with all the cum that I had ready to unload. Just all the jizz that I could fire into her snatch. I shuddered, savoring her pussy wiggling from side to side. She stirred her snatch around me and drove me wild.

Mommy! I gasped as she rose up me again.

That sweet, wondrous pussy tortured me as she rode me. She brought me to the brink with that hot snatch. I groaned, hovering on the precipice of erupting. Sweat broke out on my brow as she plunged down me, engulfing me with all her hot twat.

She slid back up me. I groaned again, savoring her hot cunt massaging me. I squeezed her hips harder. I clutched at her, gasping for air as I battled the sweetness of her cunt. The delicious massage of her hot twat. She was so hot. So tight.

This was what I craved, and I couldn't indulge.

Don't you dare cum in Mommy! she moaned as she plunged her pussy down my cock. Be a good boy for Mommy! Yes!

Her pussy convulsed around my cock. I gasped as she suckled at me. I wanted to cum. She cupped my face, staring into my eyes. The pleasure blazed in her blue depths as she suckled at me. She massaged me with that hot cunt.

Mommy! I begged. Please, please, Mommy!

Be a good boy! she moaned.

I shuddered at the feel of her cunt spasming around my cock. She suckled at me with that hot flesh. It was fabulous feeling that snatch suckling at me. My eyes rolled back in my head as I battled against cumming. My nuts brimmed with jizz.

Her pussy worshiped me. Loved me. Begged for my cum, but she hadn't given me permission. I shuddered as her twat rippled around me. She shuddered there on me, moaning her delight. She kissed me a moment later.

Her tongue thrust into my mouth. I moaned, knowing she owned me. I was hers.

I wanted to cum. Ached to cum. 

She broke the kiss, her pussy's spasms slowing. She slid off me. I shuddered at that delight. It was delicious. I whimpered as I stared down at my cock. She smiled at me as she stood over me, her pussy dripping with juices.

May I please cum, Mommy? I begged.

No. She pointed to the floor. At the throw rug. You may sleep here tonight. But you better not touch your cock. She bent over, her boobs swaying. Mommy will know if you've been a bad, bad boy.

I shuddered and groaned. I'll be good, Mommy.

Perfect. Now you have school in the morning. We have to salvage this situation. Our enemy has struck a blow, but we'll return it.

Yes, I breathed, my heart pounding in my chest. We shall.

She kissed me on the forehead. Good night.

I shuddered at how maternal it was. She turned and sauntered away, snagging up her glass of chardonnay on her way to the stairs and the bed we used to share. I sank onto the floor. I pulled a cushion off the couch to use as a pillow. I lay on my side staring at the floor I had cleaned.

Anger boiled inside of me. 

Chapter Two

Sable Newport

Mmm, someone's been a naughty, naughty mommy, I purred and flicked my riding crop.

CRACK!

The stinging sound made my pussy clench. Mother groaned as she knelt on the bed before me. Her big boobs swayed, her nipples clamped. Father sat in his cuck chair, hands cuffed behind him, his dick hard and begging to be touched.

I've been such a naughty mommy, purred my mother. She wiggled her rump at me, a few red stripes already crossing her rump.

CRACK!

How were you naughty? I asked, loving the new welt rising across her rump. Pussy juices dripped down my thighs and ran to the top so of my knee-high, heeled boots. 

By parading around in my skimpy nightie and bending over to flash my whorish pussy at my daughter like a slut-mommy, she cooed.

CRACK!

Yes, you did, I purred. You know how disgusting it is having such a whore for a mother? To have a complete slut for a mother who just wants her daughter to fuck her with a strap-on?

CRACK!

I do want you to fuck me with a strap-on, moaned Mother. In the ass! And I wanted to lick your pussy! I want to make my little girl-cum!

CRACK!

Just disgusting, I hissed. I should tie

The house line rang. I had my phone on silent so I wouldn't be disturbed. No one should be calling at this time of night. That was annoying. More annoying that my mother had a landline in her bedroom. She had a cell phone.

I glanced at the phone on the nightstand and frowned. It was Zach's cell. I sighed and picked it up. He was the one person I obeyed. The one man that I would touch. Who was worthy of touching me. He had defeated me.

Susannah, my favorite dyke-slave, preferred him over me.

I picked it up and purred, Yes, Zach?

I've been trying to get a hold of you, he said, his voice stern.

It's late, I said, moving back to the bed. I flicked my riding crop at my mother's ass.

CRACK!

And I'm trying to rest, so I turned my phone off.

Ooh, whimpered Mother. 

Right, right, rest, he said. Listen, things have escalated. I don't want to speak on the phone about what happened. We'll talk when you pick us up, but we're going to need bodyguards. The appropriate kind that we can control.

That's your sister's department, said Sable. It takes time to find and mold an acceptable slave and break them to your will. It sounds like we don't have time.

We do not, he said. Start thinking of strategies. This is your department.

I smiled. Mmm, I'll get it done. Is there anything else? Did things go well with your mother?

Very well, he said. We had a good heart-to-heart. Moira, too. We're all one happy family over here.

Perfect, I said. I couldn't wait to give Zach's mother a try. I'll see you in the morning.

He hung up. I set the phone back down and glanced at my mother. Bodyguards, huh? It irked me I'd have to use Moira. It was even more annoying that she was my girlfriend. That was our cover for why I was spending time with Zach and his sister. She knew how much I hated it, so she played it up in public where I had to indulge her brattiness.

She was the one girl that I wanted that I failed to dominate. Well, she was Zach's sister. It made sense that I would lose to them both. 

My pussy clenched as I stared at my mother's welted ass and shaved cunt dripping in juices. I flicked my crop again, cracking it across both her butt-cheeks. She gasped out in delight at that, her back arching and boobs swaying.

So you want to be a complete slut-mommy and eat your daughter's pussy, huh? I purred.

Yes, she moaned.

While your husband watches? I glanced to Father and the humiliation in his eyes. You want to show your husband that you'd rather eat your daughter's pussy than suck on his dick.

I never want to suck on his dick, Mother moaned. I just want to eat your pussy day and night, Mistress. Please, please, let me be a slut-mommy and make you cum.

Do it, I ordered, my cunt on fire.

She turned around, the nipple clamps weighing down her breasts. She crawled toward me, her tongue flicking over her lips. I stepped back from the bed, forcing her to crawl off. She did, groaning as her tits swayed. The clamps must be torture right now. Just the way she loved it.

She lifted her face and nuzzled right into my cunt. I shuddered at the incestuous contact of her mouth on my cunt. She licked at me with hunger. I loved the way her tongue stroked through my flesh. That was a fantastic rush. My eyes rolled back in my head as she did that. 

I shuddered, groaning in delight as she feasted on me. My slut-mommy devoured my cunt with hunger. Her hands gripped my rump. She held me tight, her fingers digging into my butt-cheeks. I loved it as her tongue stroked through my folds.

That's it, I purred. Mmm, such a wicked slut-mommy. Just lapping at your daughter's cunt like a complete whore. Your husband is watching!

I'm your whore, Mistress, moaned Mother. Let that limp-dick cuck watch. He's not man enough to stop his own daughter from stealing his wife.

Father looked so ashamed.

I smiled at his humiliation. That's right. He's such a pathetic piece of shit. Mmm, no wonder you love wiggling your tongue around in my pussy or having Zach fuck your cunt.

I love having Zach fuck me, Mother moaned. He's a real man! Oh, he made me cum so hard with this cock. I hope he knocked me up!

So you can have a strong son? I asked. Mmm, I can't believe I'm that spineless jellyfish's daughter. Did you cuckold Daddy? Is someone else my father?

No, no, Mother moaned. You take after his father. He was a man, rest his soul.

Did Mom fuck her father-in-law, my grandfather? The Newport that had founded our wealth. He was a man, I supposed. I vaguely remembered him. Always with a new slut on his arm. They were always so glamorous. 

I wanted to have glamorous women on my arms.

Tell the truth, Mommy, I purred. Is that pathetic man really my half-brother. Did you fuck his father? Did a real man knock you up?

Yes! Mother moaned and thrust her tongue deep into my pussy.

Father squirmed even more. I loved this revelation. Grandfather... Now there was a man I was proud of to be my father. I didn't know how such a worm could come from his loins. Probably my grandmother. She was still alive. This bitter, old harpy that Grandfather had divorced early on. Made sure she didn't get her hands on the family fortune.

I loved it. I savored it as Mother flicked her tongue around in my cunt. Glamours women. That was what Zach needed to protect him. Gorgeous women who knew how to fight. I had such wicked ideas about where to find them.

I shuddered as Mother stirred up my cunt faster. I rose toward my orgasm, riding the high of her confession. I was in heaven here. Father was crying. The pathetic cuck. That just made this even hotter. Mother flicked her tongue over my clit.

I gasped in delight.

My orgasm swelled faster and faster as she flicked her tongue over my clit. She stroked my naughty bud. I shuddered as she suckled on me. She nibbled with passion on that wicked button. I hurtled toward my climax.

I ground my snatch on her as she gripped my rump. She suckled so hard on my clit. The sparks flared. I groaned at how delicious this felt. The pressure in me grew and grew. She nibbled on my bud with her soft lips.

You naughty, cuckolding whore! I gasped. Yes!

I cried out with ecstasy. I bucked, my cunt convulsing. Juices gushed out of my snatch and bathed her lips. Her tongue flicked through my folds. She lapped at me with such rapturous passion. I loved every last second of this heat surging through me.

My cunt juices drowned my mother. She lapped them up with hunger as I shuddered through my ecstasy. Stars flashed across my vision as I enjoyed this bliss. I loved every last second of this ecstasy sweeping through me. I reveled in it. This was such a wonderful moment.

Mistress! she moaned. Thank you! Thank you for your pussy cream!

She frantically lapped up my juices. She stroked her tongue through my folds, gathering up every last drop of cream that she could. It was magnificent feeling the bliss washing through me. I felt fantastic. I could just float away.

I pulled away from her and glanced at Father. Go to your room!

Yes, Mistress, he answered, cheeks wet. He stood, his little cock bobbing hard before him. He'd jerk off in there. Jerk off knowing his father had cucked him.

I laughed at that and slipped onto my bed in the master bedroom. I hugged the pillow to me. Mother would sleep at the foot of the bed, curled up. I always had one of my women there. Sometimes it was Cosette, the maid. Those nights that Mrs. Haverstone stayed, she would take the place.

I really needed to show her husband just how much of a whore she was for me. That happy thought filled my mind as I drifted off into sleep. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Moira Black

I woke up in a strange bed with... my face buried between my tits. 

I pulled back and looked around. It was early, not much after 5 AM, and I had been snuggled into my mother's boobs. My mother? Then I glanced to my right to find my brother sleeping on his back. I shuddered, remembering last night. 

He had comforted me.

I thought it would be easy to take my first life. She was our enemy. It shouldn't have affected me, but It had. So much. Zach had forgiven me. He had still loved me. I had been so afraid of losing him. I wasn't one of his women, but...

Maybe that was because I didn't need to be magically bonded to him. However he had done it to create this ritual to gain four women, he had done it to protect them from Charles and those with Molech's dark blessing.

But me... I was a trained witch. That stuff wouldn't work on me. So he never needed to claim me like that, but he still needed me. I was his twin sister. There was a reason that I was born to him. Father had set this up.

Two sons. One rich and powerful. One poor and weak. But the weak son had a twin sister. Charles was alone. Zach wasn't. Which one of them would prevail? My teacher had wanted me to make my choice, and I had. Zach.

He would never sacrifice me for power.

He would never abandon me.

Zach loved me. We shared a womb. I was his sister. He didn't love me like he loved Susannah. She was also our sister, but also his wife. They had a romantic love. Ours was different, that was all. I didn't have to feel threatened by her or Mom.

I'm going to help you take over the world, I purred and settled between his thighs. His cock was half-hard.

I would change that.

I bent over and licked at his dick. I stroked up him until I reached the crown. I swirled my tongue around his spongy tip, loving his flavor. Then I swallowed his cock. I suckled on him. He groaned as I did that. His face twisted in delight as I suckled on him. 

That was just perfect.

I suckled on his cock with passion now. I nursed on him with hunger. He groaned as I did that. It was hot doing this to him. I suckled with all my might on his dick. He swelled to his full hardness as his eyes fluttered.

Susannah, he groaned.

See, that didn't make me mad that he said that.

I popped my mouth off and said, Nope. Your sexy little sister, Moira. I crawled up to him and brought his cock to my pussy lips. Good morning, big brother!

Damn, he groaned as my cunt plunged down his dick. 

Mom stirred beside us. She groaned and sat up, her black hair spilling around her face as she watched me sliding my cunt up my brother's cock. A smile spread across her lips. I grinned back at her as I reached the pinnacle of his dick.

Sorry for being such a bitch to you, Mom, I moaned as I impaled my cunt back down my big brother's awesome cock. I was going through a phase.

That's okay, she purred and cupped my face. He kissed me.

I shuddered, my tongue dancing with hers. I loved the feel of her lips on mine. It was wonderful squeezing my cunt down around his dick as I made out with our mother. I kissed Mom with passion as I slid back up his cock.

That felt awesome. He had such a big dick. He would make me cum so hard. I couldn't wait for the pleasure to ripple through me. I shuddered as I plunged back down him. I gripped his dick with my tight pussy.

Shit, he groaned.

I broke the kiss with Mom and purred, Mmm, I'm going to cum so hard on his cock, Mommy.

Of course you are, she said, sliding her hand down to my rump and squeezing my ass. You just enjoy his cock, honey. I'm so glad that you're feeling better.

Me, too, I said, working my snatch up and down my cock. Zach loves me!

Of course I love you, he groaned. You're my sister. Even when you're a pain in the ass.

And when I have a hot pussy around your dick?

He grinned. Well, I really love you then.

I giggled and kissed Mom again. It was so hot making out with her while I worked my cunt up and down his dick. That was just delicious. My small boobies quivered. I felt so amazing riding his cock. I would have such a huge orgasm.

I couldn't wait for the pressure to burst out of me. I would have a mighty cum. Just a huge burst of bliss. It would be spectacular. I squeezed my cunt down around his dick. I loved how big and thick he was. He was so hard.

So massive.

I had such a hung big brother.

I was the luckiest little sister in the world.

I worked my cunt up and down his dick. He groaned as I rode him. My twat squeezed about his dick. I broke the kiss with Mom to watch the pleasure crossing his face. He felt just how amazing my pussy was.
Lucky him.

Shit, he groaned. Oh, shit, that's good.

Yep, I squealed, winking at him. You better believe it, bub. You're going to cum so hard and shower me with all your jizz.

Yeah, he groaned. I fucking am!

I loved hearing that. I plunged my cunt down his dick and ground my pierced clit into his pubic bone. Sparks flared from my naughty nub. I loved it. I slid back up him, my climax building so fast. I would have all that jizz spurting into me.

It would be fantastic to have all that cum erupting into me over and over again. I loved every last second of riding him. I hurtled toward that moment of pure bliss. Toward that wondrous climax when my cunt would be wild.

Big brother, I whimpered.

Shit, Moira, he groaned, my pussy gripping his hard shaft.

I plunged down my brother's cock and gasped out in rapture as my orgasm burst in me.

My pussy convulsed around my twin's dick. He grunted as he enjoyed my hot snatch spasming around him. His face twisted in delight as my cunt suckled at him. I nursed with all the passion that I had. It was magnificent climaxing on his mighty rod.

Yes! he groaned as he erupted.

Oh, honey, cum in your sister's pussy! Mom moaned.

My brother pumped my twat full of his cum. He erupted over and over again. I gasped, my small boobs quivering. It was so wonderful having all that jizz spurting into me. I felt amazing as he filled my snatch with all his jizz. 

Oh, Zach! I gasped. Oh, yes, yes, Zach! That's just awesome! You have such an amazing dick! I love it! I love it so much!

Good, my twin groaned as he filled me with more of his cum.

I milked my big brother's dick dry. I worked out all the spunk that he had in his nuts. I loved feeling his jizz splashing against my cervix. It was a fantastic moment. I felt so wondrous having all that spunk splashing into me.

I felt just so amazing. I could just float off. That was how delicious I felt right now. This was just such a special moment. I loved every last second of this ecstasy. I felt so wondrous. Zach still loved me after what I did. 

He still loved me.

I stared down at him then shivered. Umm... There's something else you should know.

Oh, he asked, wariness entering his eyes. What?

Well, I'm pregnant, I said. Me and Mom are both having your babies! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lewis Zachary Zach Black

I stepped out of Sable's limo at school, such a common occurrence it didn't even draw looks. My twin sister was pregnant, too. She knew it because she was a witch. I mean, we were having unprotected sex. I was surprised that Susannah wasn't knocked up. Mrs. Augustine was on birth control, and Sable...

I hardly fucked her.

She had briefed me on her idea to recruit bodyguards from local cops. She would have Moira cast some scrying spells to figure out the best candidates then use magic to brainwash them. Moira said it would only require sacrificing a heifer.

Sable had her father working on procuring that.

Zach, Sable said. There's Charles's car.

He came to school... I trailed off. It wasn't Charles driving the white BMW. I could see the blonde woman in the driver's seat. She pulled up to the curb where the limo had just been parked. Susannah grabbed my arm. She knew that Charles was openly at war with us, but I left out the gruesome details.

I had Sable pick up my sister and me first to brief her on what happened.

Nisha glanced at me, shaking her head while Moira paled. She grabbed Sable's hand, squeezing it like a little girl's. Mrs. Swartzenburg stepped out of the car with black sunglasses on, wearing a designer dress that hugged her curvaceous body.

You have a good day at school, honey, she told her son, giving him a motherly hug. She glanced over at us. There are your friends.

She looked... normal.

Feeling better, Zach, asked Charles as he stepped up. He had a handsome smile on his lips, his blond hair combed back. It had that wet look of gel. 

Much better, I said. I had canceled the study session claiming I was sick.

Good, good, he said, clapping a hand on my shoulder. I was worried. His eyes met mine. They were as cold as ice. He knew. However his mother was driving about, and he knew what Moira had done to the woman. 

He blamed me for it.

Well, let's get to class, he said and strode ahead.

My stomach was as cold as ice. Susannah clung to me. We needed those bodyguards now. Then Nisha leaned in and whispered, Master, there's a demon possessing his mother's body. You're in great peril now. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Detective Annette Carson

And your wife, Jenny, never came back? I asked Brad Lamb. 

Never, he said, heavy bags beneath his eyes. She just ran off. It wasn't like her. Like she's been drugged, and she's not answering her phone.

Yeah, the son nodded. He was fourteen. She just... It wasn't her. She acted so differently when that guy came. He was my age. Blond.

Drove a white BMW, the husband added. I caught the last numbers LZW.

Okay, she said, asking my notes. It was my first week as a detective for the Pierce County Sheriff. No more patrols, and this was what I got stuck with. A missing person case where the wife ran off with her boytoy.

Please, the man said. That wasn't my wife. He did something to her. Please!

I had to investigate it. I'd probably find her shacked up with the boyfriend. I had the phone number. I could locate it through the phone company and track her down. I rose to my feet, closing my notepad.
I'll run down some leads, I said. 

Thank you, he said with such gratitude in his eyes. Poor guy. His wife was a whore, and he still loved her. This would not end well.

To be continued...
