Author: mypenname3000
Title: The World's First Futa  Futa's Wicked Campaign 02: Futa's First Wicked Speech
Summary: With a virgin's help, the world's first futa gives one hot speech!
Keywords: HFF HF MF 1st voy exhib public wife cuck oral creampie anal

Copyright 2018

April 17th, 2047

What was your favorite part of campaigning for president? Adelia Tash asked me.

I shivered, and the answer came immediately to my lips. The rallies.

It was so interesting to talk about the most public part of my life: my bid to become the first futa-president of the United States. I was popular. Almost every woman in America wanted to have my daughter. The all loved me. I just had to keep them energized, and I would win.

Why? Adelia asked. I could feel the studio audience, and even the world watching our interview being streamed live across the internet, watching, waiting for my answers.

What a wonderful forty-eighth birthday this was.

Because I was able to get out among my fans. To feel their love for me as they shouted and cheered. I shuddered. I did so many rallies between August and the elections in November to keep my supporters electrified. It was a blur of traveling with my futa-daughters on the campaign trail. A group of my oldest futa-daughters, girls born to those first few women I made love to as a futanari, had organized it all. While I was out having meaningless sex, they were trying to change the world.

They inspired me to be better.

I loved every moment of it, even though it was exhausting. I smiled. My daughter Bethany did a great job keeping up my morale. She was always making sure I was relaxed and had a new woman to slip into my bed at night so I could fall asleep in post-orgasmic bliss.

What a sweet group of daughters you had, Adelia said. Was there any one campaign stop that was a favorite?

Muleshoe, Texas, I said without hesitation. 

That was a fast answer. Adelia, like any good interviewer, pounced. Why? What made this one special?

It wasn't what happened during the rally, but I had a delightful reunion with a woman I never thought I'd meet again...

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

September 16th, 2036

My tour bus pulled to a stop at the back of the Bailey Country Fairground in Muleshoe, Texas. I stretched while beside me my newest intern, Carlita, snoozed, worn out from losing her cherry and getting fucked hard on the bus.

I'll watch over her, Mom, said Danielle, my daughter with my good friend Dona. The brunette futanari had a wicked grin as she cuddled up against the naked, cum-splattered Carlita. Danielle loved my sloppy seconds.

I know you will, honey, I said. After a month traveling around America with some of my futa-daughters, I was realizing all the things I missed out on. It was wonderful having them in my life, seeing them grown into such responsible, young women.

Now I have a treat for you, Bethany, my morale manager, said. She had golden-blonde hair and stood taller than her sisters. Come on, let's meet the woman who put on this rally.

Oh? I asked, slipping past my daughter Lola and her fiancee, Jen. They got engaged not long after Jen announced she was pregnant with my daughter. I think that was last week. Everything was starting to blur together.

You're going to love it, Mom, Bethany said, giving me a big grin. She's eager to see you.

That had me arching my eyebrow. Then I frowned. I was in the part of Texas where I... I blinked, seeing a woman outside the bus that looked so familiar. She was older, just like I was, matured from that innocent, trembling virgin I deflowered a dozen or so years ago.

Scarlett? I asked as I climbed off the boss and stared at the woman, her bleached-blonde hair falling loose about her face instead of the braid I remembered. Scarlett Pelley, right?

It's Morgensten now, she said. Been that way for a decade.

Congratulations, I said, smiling at the first virgin I ever deflowered. She wore an airy dress, a golden cross dangling down into her cleavage. Her breasts looked larger, filled out by her pregnancy. As I embraced her, I asked, So you put this on?

I did! she said. With my husband's help.

Then she kissed me. I groaned, my futa-dick throbbing in my panties as I kissed this girl. That was such a wild night. She was part of this group of Christians who thought my seed was divine and that it was a woman's job to have my baby and be fruitful. It was a spreading movement in the mid-west. I spent several years just helping out all those god-fearing virgins and their mothers conceive my children.

I clutched tight to her, kissing her with such passion as she squirmed in my arms. I remembered fucking her and her adopted mother together, showing them the joys of forbidden, lesbian delight, too. All while her adopted father waited down the hallway, listening to me enjoy his wife and daughter.

Damn, I breathed when I broke the kiss, my futa-dick throbbing so hard. It's wonderful to see you.

Mmm, yes, she said, her eyes fluttering. She cleared her throat and stepped back, then turned to a portly man with a cowboy hot and a jovial smile standing next to a budding girl with sandy-blonde hair and the same blue eyes as the man, clearly his barely legal daughter. This is my husband, Mitch, and my step-daughter, Katrina.

It's a pleasure to meet you, Mitch said, marching forward and taking my hand in a firm shake. You're gonna change the world. Give them dirty dems a boot, and kick them republicrats out the door with 'em.

That's the plan, I said as he pulled his daughter, Katrina, to him, his arm going around her shoulder. He had such a proud look on his face while her blue eyes...

They were molten with awakened lust.

This is my daughter, Katrina. She's a good, Christian girl, he said. She's been prayin' for the day to be blessed by your holy seed.

My futa-dick throbbed.

Told you, Mom, Bethany whispered behind me, you're going to love this.

And, of course, I'll be there to hold her hand, Scarlett said. Just like Mom was with me. She joined her husband, such a smoky look on her face as she slipped beneath his other arm.

He looked so proud knowing both his wife and daughter would be in my bed before too long. I shivered. I had changed the world so much, and I wasn't even the president yet. My girl-dick throbbed in my pants. I was grateful to whatever crazy genetic mutationthe scientist were still hotly debating over my DNA sequence, and likely would long after I was dead, for why I came aboutallowed me to be the world's first futa.

Then an idea popped into my head. Leah.

Yes, Mom? Leah asked. My daughter with Professor Rider was a serious-faced futanari, her strawberry-blonde hair spilling about her shoulders. She had round ears like me. 

Who is my distraction while I give the speech? I asked.

Well, we're fresh out of virgins... She trailed off. Oh, I see, Mom. That's kinky.

Yes, it is, I said, my futa-dick throbbing. This is going to be a rally to remember.

Do you need me to adjust your speech, Mom? Rebecca asked. She was my speech writer. She had inherited her mother's large breast and had the same smile as her half-brother, Kurt. 

Talk about blessing her, Christina said. She pushed up her glasses as she came to stand beside her half-sister. She had brown hair and dressed more conservatively than my other futa-daughters, especially Danielle. She was my analyst. Add how you're going to Bless America. That will play really great here.

I nodded my head. My daughters were such a great team. They were barely out of high school, only turned eighteen a few months ago, and yet they were all so sharp. They spent time getting ready for this, dedicating themselves to making their wild mother president.

It stunned me sometimes. I felt such a maternal swell for my two daughters. I scoped them up in my arms and hugged them both, planting motherly kisses on both their cheeks before I released them. They both beamed at me.

Behind them, the tour bus rocked, Danielle had Carlita pressed against the window, fucking her hard. Some of my daughters really took after me.

Okay, we have the band warming up the crowd, Leah said, guitar music coming from stage. You got a few minutes.

Okay, I said then glanced at Scarlett and Katrina. Ready to help me become president?

That's why we're here, they said as I took their hands and pulled them away from Mitch.

Oh, but we're going to do it out there! I said. The entire world's going to witness your daughters' womb getting blessed.

Katrina gave a gasp. Her hand squeezed mine. R-really, Miss Woodward.

Becky, I told her. I fucked your step-mom, so you can call me Becky. I pulled her closer, loving the way she blushed. Besides, I'm about to fuck you, too.

Lord, thank you for this, breathed Scarlett. She clutched at her crucifix. Faith did strange things to people, but I didn't judge.

Well, maybe I would judge that weird cult in Kansas who worshiped me as their goddess. To my horror, they had grown in size in the last decade. They had their first representative elected in congress, one of those virgins I bred that weird day, and were a big block of my supporters. So, publicly, I told the world they were the greatest and how I was flattered to be worshiped as their goddess.

I tried to stay away from them as much as possible though.

Okay, Mom, Leah said, motioning me over. We got your speech loaded in the teleprompter. Rebecca tweaked it a bit, but it's your standard stump speech.

I added something at the end, Rebecca said. A twist. Say it after you cum in Katrina's pussy.
I nodded my head while the butterflies fluttered in my stomach. After a month of doing two to three rallies or dinners a day, I was still scared to go out there. But it was a good fear, the type that had me ready for anything. Keep me sharp. Not complacent.

The music died down.

Now let's give a warm, Texan welcome to the future president of the United States, Becky Woodward! a man boomed.

The crowd thundered. The sound had a physical weight to it. I felt it shaking through my bones. Katrina gasped. She clutched at my hand as she felt it. I smiled at her, staring into her blue eyes. Her cheeks were spotted with color. She lusted for me, needed me to breed her.

She would do anything for it.

You got it, Mom! Rebecca shouted.

Yeah, you do! Lola called out, holding Jen in a tight embrace. The regular girl squirmed in her futa-fiancee's arms.

Christian and Bethany smiled and at me. Leah gave me a smack on the ass like she was my football coach. She always did it, and it always made me blink in shock. Then I was marching upon stage, leading Scarlett and Katrina with me.

The cheers grew even louder. The fairground's bleachers were packed full of my supporters. They were waving signs or flags, a mix of the U.S. Flag and the Texan Flag. Their cheers rippled around me. I smiled, loving the sound, my back straight as I marched towards the podium. It was clear, and longer than they normally were. It has a place for my distraction to slip in and take my girl-dick.

I needed to have my dick wrapped about pussy to keep me focused else a woman in the crowd I hadn't bred my distract me. Luckily, they were kept back far enough that it wasn't an issue. Tonight, there would be a dinner, a place for women to donate to the campaign in exchange for being in an orgy starring me.

I couldn't do one of those every night, but twice a week was great.

As I walked, I waved to them. I blew them kisses. I drank in their affection. It was incredible. There was something so intoxicating about several thousand people supporting you. This was why politicians did it. As much as the power, it was the love of a crowd of people who were all united behind you.

It was so intoxicating.

I bathed in their adoration. I couldn't help but smiling at them. These were all such great, wonderful people. They came out on their Tuesday to see me. They didn't have to, but they were united in seeing the changes I would make to the world. I couldn't let these people down. I had to build something better.

I let the cheers die down normally, the people taking their seats, ready to hear me speak. Katrina gripped my hand while her mother stood nearby, looking as dazed as the barely legal cutie beside me. My breasts rose and fell in my low-cut, silk blouse, my pencil skirt tight about my hips, showing off my bulging dick.

Thank you, thank you, I said, my voice echoing around the stage. They had such clever mics these days. When I was a kid, people had to wear them, now they were focused at you. They could pick up your voice from a distance and then broadcast them. Perfect if you liked to get naked before a crowd the way did. You are just so beautiful. I always love coming to West Texas. You have such a special quality of girls here.

A great roar of pride went up through the Lone Star residents. I smiled at them, waiting for their exuberance to die down again.

I mean, look at Katrina Morgensten here, I said, motioning to the girl. She trembled, blushing crimson, her sandy-blonde hair spilling in lovely curls around her face. Her mother and father helped put this on. They've been fans of me for years. In fact, I met Katrina's step-mother the first time I passed through Texas.

She gave me an inviting welcome.

A laugh went through the crowd.

And now her step-daughter's here to help me out. Help me focus before all you beautiful Texans so I can speak to you today. I grinned. There's just so many beautiful women in Texas to distract me. So let's all cheer for Katrina. This is a special day for her.

Katrina trembled as her mother and I attacked the buttons of her dress. I grinned at Scarlett, the beauty, only a few year younger than me, had ripened in her early thirties. She looked delicious a cute, her cheeks as red as her step-daughters.

The crowd clapped as we pulled the dress down Katrina's body, exposing a lovely pair of round breasts constrained in a satin, cream-colored bra. Her panties were cut high in the front, the waistband a narrow strip. I turned her around, letting the crowd see her perky tush cupped in the triangular embrace of her underwear.

Mmm, that's a great, Texan ass, isn't it? I asked.

My supporters cheered, the front rows almost entirely women. A group of them were topless, showing off their lovely tits for everyone to admire, unashamed of their bodies. Laws denying people the right to be naked, to even have sex in public, had long since been done away with thanks to the Becky Amendment to the Constitution. 

You all want to see that ass, don't you? I asked, my girl-dick so hard. Katrina shuddered as I hooked the waistband of her panties. Mmm, I know I do.

I bent down and drew off her panties. She trembled, letting out a whimpering groan as I exposed her ass to my followers. It was pale and lovely, her tan lines apparent. I licked my lips, loving it. I couldn't help but give her butt-cheek a quick kiss while her mother gave her other butt-cheek a squeeze. Lust burned in Scarlett's eyes.

Now bend over, Katrina, show them that sweet muff, I told her.

Yes, Becky, she said, bending over, her breasts swaying in her bra. 

I groaned as her pussy appeared, her flesh shaved bare. I hadn't expected that. I licked my lips at the sight of her tight, virginal snatch. I wanted to eat her right now, but she still need to expose her entire body.

With a sighing moan, I stood up, my pussy soaking my panties. I turned the girl around. She stood between me and her mother. Her hands rubbed at her belly. She had such a dazed, glassy look in her eyes, almost drunk on this moment.

You ready, honey? I asked her, feeling a maternal warmth for this young girl.

Yes, she said.

Mom? I said, arching an eyebrow at Scarlett.

She reached behind her daughter and unhooked the bra. I groaned with the crowd as Scarlett bared her daughter's round breasts. They were as snowy as her rump, her nipples pink and hard. Her breasts had that perky plumpness of youth, that vital beauty.

I couldn't resist. And neither could her step-mother. Scarlett and I both engulfed Katrina's nipples. We leaned over, sucking on those nubs. I stroked the girl's belly and back as I nursed at her nub. She whimpered, swaying from side to side as we pleasured her.

Oh, Becky! Mom! she moaned. Oh, you're making me feel all naughty. Down there.

I shuddered at that, my hand sliding down to her pussy. Only to find her mother's already reaching across her pubic mound. Katrina shuddered as her mother's fingers rubbed at her virgin pussy. I joined the naughty mom a moment later, stroking her step-daughter's hot petals with her.

Our fingers danced over her folds. Her juices soaked my digits. I sucked harder on the girl's nub, feeling her virginity, her passion. She let out such cute, squeaking moans as she swayed between us, her passion broadcast throughout the fairground arena.

The crowd loved it. They cheered her. Clapped her on. Envied her for being up here with me.

I loved it. I closed my eyes as I sucked on her nipple, loving the flavor of her skin, savoring that salty tinge, while my nose caught whiff of her spicy snatch. Her juices coated my fingers. They dripped out of her. I had to feast on her.

Had to love her.

Oh, Katrina! I moaned as I fell to my knees before her. I rested my head on her hip, gazing out at the crowd as I parted her folds with my fingers and rubbed at her hymen. Oh, you got a cherry pussy.

The crowd roared.

That's right! I said, staring at them. Scarlett joined me, kneeling on the other side. She kissed at her daughter's hip, loving, motherly smooches. She's a lovely virgin. She's pure and untouched. I'm going to put a baby in her.

Yes, do that, Becky! moaned the virgin.

Because when I fuck you, unlike when other politicians do it, you only get blessed! I cried out.

WE GET BLESSED! a horde of women roared back.

That's right! I said. And I'm going to bless Katrina.

I pressed my face into the virgin's spicy pussy. I licked through her shaved folds. She gasped, her round tits bouncing above me as my tongue slid through her petals. I gathered up that delicious cream, reveling in the flavor of her. Already, her juices dribbled hot down my chin.

My tongue brushed her clit before I flicked down to lick at her hymen. My girl-dick throbbed as I pressed against that thin membrane. I was eager to penetrate her. To slip into her and feel that tight, virgin flesh wrapped about my dick and loving me. It would be incredible.

Then her mother joined me. Scarlett's cheek rubbed against mine as she nuzzled her face between her step-daughter's thighs. She flicked her tongue out, licking and lapping at Katrina's virgin flesh. I shuddered, our tongues meeting, coated in her daughters juices.

Mom! Katrina groaned. Oh, that's so wild. I... I like that!

Mmm, so do I! Scarlett panted. You taste as good as I imagined! 

You two are going to be so close, I groaned. I bring people together. I unite them!

Just like you're a union between cocks and pussies! whimpered Katrina.

Uh-huh, I moaned as I feasted on her virgin pussy with her mother.

Together, we licked and lapped through her. We devoured her. We did so much naughty things to her. It was incredible to experience. My tongue brushed her step-mother's tongue as we pleased this sexy virgin. Her spicy juices poured into my mouth while my cheek rubbed against Scarlett's.

Sometimes, our lips would brush as we nuzzled, shifting were we pleasured her daughter's virgin cunt. Scarlett and I would then kiss, sharing the spicy cream, reveling in this taboo passion before the thousands of fans feeling the seats.

It was such an incredible experience. A rush to devour this virgin pussy before all my followers. I fluttered my tongue across her hymen and brushed her clit. Her mother sucked on that nub while we both stroked her thighs.

You taste so good, honey, cooed her mother. Oh, yes, you do. You got such a yummy pussy. Mmm, I'm just going to devour so much of your pussy. I'm going to feast on you.

Please, please, Mommy! groaned the girl. Oh, wow, this is... This is incredible.

Uh-huh, I groaned, sticky, virginal cream running down my throat. It was the best thing in the world.

The crowd kept cheering, urging the virgin on to her orgasm. Her head craned back. Her jaw dropped. Her round, plump breasts jiggled as she swayed. My tongue brushed her clit again. Her mother's joined me. We fluttered against her, attacking her, teasing her, giving her such pleasure. She whimpered in delight.

Her passion surged through her. Her body bucked. Spicy cream flooded out of her snatch, bathing my face. Her mother's face. Scarlett and I licked up all those delicious treats. We gulped them down, reveling in the wonderful flavor of the girl's hot cream.

Mother! Becky! the girl gasped. Oh, yes, yes, yes! I'm cumming!

The crowd boomed. I felt their excitement rushing around me. It was incredible. My eye squeezed shut as I licked up this nubile virgin's spicy cream with her mother. Katrina's sandy-blonde hair danced about her naked shoulders as she squeaked out her rapture.

It peaked in her... Died.

She swayed, shaking her head. She panted, struggling to catch her breath. She shook her head as I stood up, my futa-cock throbbing in my skirt. Her mother kept feasting on her snatch, kept loving her delicious pussy.

I drew up my skirt.

The cheering audience hushed. A silence fell across them. Above me were jumbo screens, a camera pointed right at my crotch as unveiled my dick held tight in my lilac panties. It was a naughty pair, cut to hold my huge futa-cock. It tied at my hips like a bikini bottom.

I grabbed those ties, grinning out at the audience. I could feel the anticipation among my supporters. Many of them had only seen my girl-dick on TV. People leaned forward. That group of topless hotties fondled their breasts as they waited for me to unveil my tits. I loved this. I grinned out at them.

Pulled the ties.

My panties fell away. My futa-cock flopped out beside me. Katrina gasped, still grinding her virgin pussy on her mother's hungry mouth. I loved her excitement while a low groan ran through the women in the crowd.

This is the only thing I'll ever fuck you with! I said, my voice thundering through the fairground. No lies. No false promises. This is 100% girl-dick. That meeting of masculine and feminine that only a hermaphrodite, a futanari, can have. I will bring together the world. I will unite us like the human race never has before.

And I will do it through love and passion. I smacked Katrina on the rump. Just like I'm about to give my love and passion to this virgin!

The crowd exploded in cheers. People waved flags and brandished signs with my face, or my spurting cock, on them. I shuddered as I guided Katrina to the podium. The virgin shivered beside me, her body flushed from her orgasm, her spicy cream adorning my lips. I licked them, loving the taste. It was such a wondrous experience to enjoy this treat.

My heart thudded in my chest. My girl-dick ached as she bent over and slipped into the podium. It was shaped to let her rest bent over like she was kneeling over a desk about to be fucked by her naughty futa-professor.

I have no idea why that popped into my head. Maybe I should have been a teacher, molding all those nubile coeds into my naughty whores.

It's time to bless Katrina's womb with my baby, I said, pressing my girl-dick against her pussy, just like I'm going to bless America with progress. With success. With such freedom and joy for all.

The crowd clapped, eager for it. I maneuvered my girl-cock, sliding through Katrina's silky bush, brushing the hot folds of her pussy. I found her hymen, that thin membrane separating me from burying into her untouched depths.

It was such a treat. I couldn't believe I got to experience this. I was just so lucky. It was just so incredible. With my supporters watching me, I thrust forward. Her hymen stretched and stretched. I heard her whimpers echoing out of the podium.

Then she gasped as her cherry popped.

My girl-cock slid into her untouched depths.

We both moaned as I slid into her pussy. Her silky walls stretched and stretched to accommodate my futa-dick. I whimpered as I entered her. My heart thundered in my chest. I bottomed out in her, my crotch rubbing into her rump. Her twat squeezed down around me.

That is some great, Texan pussy, I said, glancing at the teleprompter and reading my daughter's changes to the script. Rebecca was a genius at this sort of thing. You really grow some fine, young women here.

The crowd whooped. 

That's right, take pride in being Texans. In being Americans. In being Human! I launched into my stump speech. After saying it so many times a day for the last month, I knew it by heart. The teleprompter was more a guide to keep me from getting lost as I enjoyed speaking with my dick wrapped about hot cunt.

I talked about how I was going to bring everyone together. How we would have prosperity and peace. No war or tension. A world united by the love of futanari. All those divisions between us were so petty, such a waste of energy.

The entire time I spoke I stayed buried in Katrina's cunt. I didn't fuck her, not yet. I just enjoyed her deflowered pussy wrapped about my dick. The way she twitched and shuddered. How she moaned and groaned as she wiggled in the podium.

Her every little movement sent pleasure rippling through me. Her silky sheath teased me. It was incredible. My own cunt drank in the heat, keeping my ovaries warmed, priming them to erupt at the end of my speech.

I gripped her hips, squeezing her skin and stroking her rump as I spoke. My head moved, staring out at the crowd while my dick exulted in being in untouched cunt. My tip ached, the pressure building and building as Katrina squeezed and clenched her snatch around my girth.

That's why voting for me isn't a waste, I said, my heart thudding in my chest, my futa-dick twitching and throbbing with excitement. That is why come November, we are going to have a landslide victory! We're going to show America, the World, how united we are!

My dick twitched and throbbed in the deflowered virgin's pussy. She moaned and whimpered louder now, her hips stirring that tight snatch around my cock, bathing me in her silky passion. I groaned, loving it. My hips moved, sliding my futa-dick out of her pussy until only the tip remained.

That is why voting for me will see the world changed!

CHANGED! my followers cheered.

I thrust forward and buried into Katrina's tight snatch. The podium twisted. My crotch smacked into her rump. The sound echoed through the air. It made such a wicked delight. I smiled as my girl-dick twitched inside of her snatch. Her pussy clenched and relaxed about it. This was such a treat to enjoy. I was so lucky to deflower this girl before this huge crowd.

I drew back again, her pussy clenching down on my dick. The pressure was so incredible. I groaned and whimpered. My hands clenched as the delight burned around my cock. I thrust into her depths, burying to the hilt in her again.

I will love you all! I moaned as I loved Katrina's pussy.

My ovaries grew tense. I was so close to cumming. It was so wonderful being in her while all these people watched. I pumped away at her now, my breasts bouncing in my blouse. My nipples rubbed against the fabric.

I will give you all my passion!

The cheers grew and grew. The crowd could feel it coming, that explosive release building inside of me. The ache spread at the tip of my girl-dick. Katrina moaned as she bucked back into me, our flesh slapping together.

Pussy juices ran down my thighs. That hot, sticky proof of my growing pleasure. My ovaries tightened, the cum approaching a boil inside of me. I held her hips tight, pumping away as fast as I could, so eager to dump as much of my jizz into her as I could. I would flood her. I would fill her to the brim with all the spunk I could.

I will give you everything I have if you elect me President of the United States!

I buried into Katrina. Her pussy writhed about my cock. The girl squealed as her orgasm shuddered around my clit-dick. The pleasure rushing down my shaft intensified as I drew back through the silky, convulsing friction.

I will shower you all in my love! I howled and rammed back into her. Just like I'm showering Katrina's pussy with my cum!

My jizz erupted into Katrina's deflowered pussy.

The crowd exploded in cheers as the pleasure pulsed through me. Over and over, blast after blast of rapture slammed into my mind as I pumped my fertile seed into Katrina's once-pure cunt. Stars burst across my vision.

This is my promise to you! I moaned through my orgasmic rapture. I'm going to bless America with prosperity just like I'm blessing Katrina's womb with my futa-daughter!

Everyone was standing, cheering, screaming my name as my futa-cum spurted a final time into Katrina's convulsing snatch. Rapture and ecstasy filled me. It swirled through me. I swayed, so dazed as I drank in their thunderous applause while Katrina's pussy milked out every drop of my cum.

My mind melted in this wondrous moment. I threw my arms wide, drinking in everything. The bliss pumping out of my girl-dick, the hot pussy convulsing around my cock, the pleasure flooding out of my spasming cunt, and the adoration of my followers.

It was the most incredible high in the world. 

Thank you! I cried out. Thank you so much for your support. We're going to do this. 2036 is year of futanari! We're going to take the White House and we're going to change the world!

I ripped my still-hard cock out of the virgin's pussy. With my clit-dick bobbing before me, dripping with precum, I strutted off the stage. I waved to my fans, blew them kisses, and drank in their adoration before I vanished backstage.

Scarlett met me. She threw her arms around me and gave me such a hungry kiss, her lips still full of her daughter's spicy pussy. I kissed her back so hard, her husband watching, grinning with such joy, clapping his hands together like my daughters did. 

Well, to all my daughters. Lola fucked her fiancee Jen from behind, squeezing that nubile girl's small breasts. Danielle had emerged from the bus and had Carlita sucking on her girl-dick.

I broke the kiss, my lusts riding high from my orgasms. I glanced behind me and smiled as Katrina stumbled from off stage, still naked, my cum dripping down her thighs. Mmm, Scarlett, I purred, why don't you clean your daughter up? Look at the mess I made in her cunt.

Oh, yes, honey, Scarlett said, going to her deflowered step-daughter. Mmm, let Mommy lick you up and make you feel amazing.

But I already feel amazing, Mom, she said, her eyes glassy. 

Doesn't mean you can't feel more amazing, Scarlett said. This is your special day with Becky. You need to enjoy it!

Oh, yes, I moaned, loving the sight of Scarlett falling to her knees before her daughter and burying her face into that deflowered pussy. Katrina shuddered, moaning as her step-mother licked her clean.

Ate that yummy creampie I left in her snatch.

My dick throbbing, I moved up behind the mother. I fell to my knees behind her. My girl-dick smacked into her rump, smearing her daughter's pussy cream into her skirt. I lifted her dress, hiking her fast while her husband watched. He unzipped his jeans.

Gina, one of my interns, fell to her knees before him. I got you covered, Mr. Morgensten.

He groaned as the delightful girl sucked on his cock for him, loving him while I enjoyed his wife.

Scarlett wasn't wearing any panties. I stared at the ivory plumpness of her ass. She was a far curvier woman now than she was at eighteen. I loved the changes. I dragged my girl-cock down across her butt-cheeks, smearing precum and her daughter's cream behind. I dipped into her butt-crack.

She groaned when I found her asshole. I rubbed it against her, grinning. It was so hot using her daughter's juices to lube my shaft. I pressed forward. Scarlett moaned into her daughter's cunt as her tight anal ring stretched and stretched.

Then my dick was inside her.

Go, Mom! Bethany cheered. Fuck that hot MILF's asshole.

Mmm, I am, honey, I groaned, my morale manager doing her job.

Are you... sodomizing my mom? gasped Katrina, staring down at me with her glassy, blue eyes.

Uh-huh, I groaned, sinking deeper and deeper into Scarlett's tight asshole. Pleasure rippled through me. It was so incredible as I bottomed out in her, my blonde bush rubbing on her top.

My daughters clapped and whooped, and Mitch groaned, as I fucked Scarlett's asshole. I drew back my cock through her tight sheath, that velvety grip squeezing about me. It was incredible. I whimpered, my snatch clenching as I drank in the hot friction.

Then I thrust into her and smacked her rump. My flesh slapped hers. She moaned into her daughter's snatch. Scarlett clung to Katrina as she feasted, making the deflowered blonde shudder and squirm.

Oh, yes, Mom, she groaned. Oh, wow, you're eating me. Ooh, this is... This is incredible. Oh, yes, yes. That's it, Mom. Oh, you're going to make me explode.

Do it! I moaned, reaching around Scarlett's slender form to squeeze her tits through her blouse. I pumped away at her asshole. Make that cute thing explode while licking out all my cum.

It tastes as good as it did out of my mom's pussy, moaned Scarlett.

That was such a wild night with Scarlett and her adopted mother. I shuddered, thrusting harder and harder, loving all the moans echoing through the room. Jen and Lola were panting as they made love, and Danielle was letting out such throaty groans as she enjoyed Carlita's sloppy blowjob. Gina loved Mitch's dick.

I call dibs on Scarlett when Mom's finished, Bethany moaned.

That's fine, I'm getting Katrina, Rebecca whimpered. Ooh, look at her grind on her mother's face. She's so cute.

Yeah, she is, I moaned, thrusting harder as my daughters planned out their pleasures. They've earned them. Mmm, two futas in one day. Aren't you both lucky?

We are, Scarlett moaned. Oh, Mitch, you're going to watch the blessed daughters fuck me, too.

I will, he groaned. Oh, Lord, what a mouth on this girl.

Every stroke into Scarlett's tight asshole brought me closer and closer to erupting. Pleasure spilled through me. I groaned, my head growing dizzy from the exhilaration. So much rapture rippled through me. I was still buzzing from the high of my speech, and now I got this wonderful delight.

Scarlett's bowels clenched around my cock, squeezing with that tight, velvety heat. I loved buggering a woman. It was almost as amazing as breeding their pussies. I squeezed Scarlett's tits, thrusting into her with all my might. My tits heaved in my blouse, my nipples drinking in the silk.

Fuck my mom! groaned Katrina. It makes her moan into my pussy. And that's incredible.

Yeah, Mom, fuck her! Leah groaned, my press secretary jerking her futa-cock hard.

Yes, yes, yes, Mom! Lola panted, her flesh slapping into her fiancee's delicious tush. Make her cum!

I groaned, loving it. My hips slammed forward with such power. I smacked my crotch into Scarlett's rump. I glanced over at her husband, his eyes locked on me as I enjoyed his wife. He had his hand dug into Gina's brown hair, holding her in place as she blew his dick.

I grinned at him as I savored his wife. It was so hot. I loved it when husbands watched me cuckold them. To witness how much bigger I was then their little cocks, how much more their wives loved my dick in them.

How much harder they cum on my futa-dick.

Scarlett! I moaned. Make your daughter cum! Make me cum!

Let's all cum together, Mom! Katrina moaned. Ooh, yes, yes, lick my clit. That feels so good. Oh, Mom, this is the best day ever! Thank you! I love you so much!

I love you, too! Scarlett moaned, her asshole clenching down hard about my girl-dick.

Mom! the step-daughter squealed. Her body heaved. 

I could tell she was cumming. Scarlett moaned. She licked up her daughter with such noisy enthusiasm while I reamed her bowels. Her asshole clenched down hard on my dick when I buried into her, the friction flaring.

My pussy drank it in.

Then she squealed into her daughter's cunt. She joined the girl in rapture. Scarlett's married asshole writhed about my futa-dick. I shuddered as I rammed back into her, my dick drinking in the delight, gulping down the wondrous cream. The pleasure flowed to my pussy. My cunt grew hotter and hotter.

Yes, yes, yes! I groaned. That's it. You're both cumming.

Now you cum, Mom! groaned Leah while her clit-dick erupted. Her futa-cum fired before her while the rapture surged through my mind.

Oh, yes, I will! I moaned and buried into the wonderful, convulsing heaven of Scarlett's asshole.
As she moaned into her daughter's snatch, I cried out in rapture. My pussy spasmed. My cock erupted. Cum flooded out of my ovaries and pumped into the depths of the married woman's bowels. I shuddered, the pleasure splashing through my thoughts. It was such a wonderful experience.

My back arched, my blonde hair dancing about my face. Stars burst across the room while moans echoed around me. Jen and Lola were locked in the throes of their orgasm, too, and Mitch was grunting as he flooded Gina's hungry mouth.

Oh, Mom, yes! groaned Katrina. She stumbled back and then sat down on the floor, her round breasts rising and falling as she fanned her face. Oh, that was incredible.

Yes, it was, Rebecca purred, advancing on her.

My cock spurted a final time. I groaned, wanting to stay buried in Scarlett's asshole all day, but... I had a campaign to run. There was always more to do. With a groan, my cock still sensitive from my orgasm, I pulled my shaft out of her and rose on wobbly legs. Scarlett gasped, her asshole leaking my cum as she sat down on her rump, panting, her face flushed and smeared with her step-daughter's cream.

Bethany handed me a sports drink while stroking her girl-dick with her other hand. You were awesome, Mom!

Enjoy, I told her, giving her a wink.

I will! she said before pouncing on Scarlett. She bore the blonde MILF to the ground, mounted her, and thrust into her married cunt in a second, her hands squeezing the MILF tits through her dress's bodice.

Beside her, Rebecca was falling on Katrina, mounting the naked girl. Mother and daughter both shuddered as they both enjoyed a young futa-cock reaming their pussies. I grinned the sight, so glad I was reconnecting with some of my daughters, and glad they were having as much fun as me.

So, what's next? I asked.

Leah, my press secretary, came up. Well, the media's waiting for you to give a speech. And we have fresh pussy lined up.

The girl I was supposed to fuck for the rally?

Leah nodded her head. She's a Cambodian cutie with a Texan twang.

Only in America, I said. It was a place where different cultures could unite and meld together. Wouldn't it be amazing if the entire world was like that?

I wanted to make that happen. I wanted to unite the world. Becoming president was just that first step into something better.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

April 17th, 2047

Sounds like a memorable campaign rally, said Adelia.

I pressed my thighs together, my pussy so wet and juicy. I nodded my head, a shiver racing through my body. Yes, it was. Mmm, I can still remember Katrina's pussy convulsing about my dick, milking my cum out of her while all my supporters watched on.

What a life, Adelia said, her voice thick with envy. You have done so much, and now you're about to become president.

I just had to get through the presidential debates without fucking up, I said with a smile.

Now that debate was interesting. Adelia licked her lips. You and the other two candidates, on stage, going back and forth. It was so... exciting watching you demonstrate your foreign policy on them.

I grinned and nodded my head.

To be continued...