
The Bezistan Chronicles
Chapter 2: Rashid's Private Apartments

This story is a work of erotic fiction meant for adult readers
over the age of eighteen years

Written by Jean-Christophe (Chris): October 2008 - re-edited 2012

An archive of my stories can be found at
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Jean-Christophe_Stories

"The characters and ideas contained in this story are the
writer's and shouldn't be used without permission. Please respect
the integrity of this story and don't do any rewrites, make
alterations or add pictures."

CHAPTER 2: Rashid's Private Apartments

As Prince Rashid approaches a sleek, naked slave breaks from the
standing at rest position and throws open the ornate doors of his
apartments. Then, hastily the slave falls to his hands and knees
and places his forehead to the marble floor in obeisance to his
Master.

On entering, Rashid notes that his two body slaves are already
kneeling with their foreheads and hands pressed to the floor,
their knees spread widely and their asses elevated thus allowing
him an unimpeded view of their red, striped buttocks and
impressive genitalia. Rashid, never one to spare the cane, had
only that morning soundly caned the buttocks of both slaves for
some trivial, now forgotten offence.

The two slaves, forbidden to ever leave the apartments, spend
their days attending to their Master's needs and maintaining the
rooms to the high standard demanded by Rashid. They are, of
course, available to serve his cock as required.

Any dereliction of duties, actual or perceived, results in severe
punishment by Rashid's own hands. To this end, he has
incorporated a punishment room into his apartments; this room is
well equipped with a double flogging trestle as well as other
equipment for restraining the slaves as they are punished.
Hanging neatly on one wall is the variety of whips and canes
favoured by Rashid. It amuses him greatly to watch the slaves
tremble as they enter this room as part of their required
house-keeping duties.

Snapping his fingers both slaves quickly scramble to their feet.
Whilst one slave wordlessly removes Rashid's clothing the other
is preparing the shower; ensuring that the water is at the right
temperature. Rashid, as usual, apprises the bodies of his two
slaves. Both are incredibly handsome and are aged in their early
twenties. They are perfectly matched in height, weight and
musculature and each of the slaves has a long, thick cock resting
on top of his large balls.

They are recent acquisitions and, as Rashid looks at their fresh
brands, he has that pride of ownership that only a connoisseur of
rare and beautiful objects can truly appreciate.

While visiting Europe last winter, he took time out from his busy
schedule to visit an international gymnastics competition. When
he travels, he frequently attends such sporting events seeking
out possible `recruits' for enslavement. He had spotted both
slaves as they participated in their various events and knew
immediately he had to possess them.

One was a black-haired French-Canadian with brown eyes whilst the
other, a Russian, had typical Slav features with fine, golden
hair and lustrous grey eyes. Once he had made his choice it was a
simple matter to have them seized and brought to the Bezistan. Of
course their disappearances were much publicised in the media and
widely speculated upon. However, Rashid, with his worldwide
network of `harvesters', is adept at arranging for the seizure
and enslavement of young men and takes great care that there
isn't anything to connect him with such illegal practices.

The slaves are, of course, totally naked. Unusually for Rashid,
he has allowed both slaves to retain their body hair but modified
it to suit his current tastes. The hair on their heads is longer
than that usually worn by slaves and that on their chests has
been neatly clipped back to an acceptable length. Both have
narrow and intriguing trails of hair growing down the
centre-lines of their ribbed stomachs. Their pubic hair has been
shaved as have their cocks and balls. They have, however, a small
tuft of cropped pubic hair resting just above their cocks. When
in bed, with a slave on either side, Rashid likes to tease this
tuft or the hair on the chest and belly of one slave as he kneads
the balls of the other; he finds this relieves his stress much
like `worry-beads'.

In line with his tastes both slaves' ass-cracks and holes are
hairless. Because of their special status as his personal body
slaves they wear jewel-encrusted, solid gold collars around their
necks with matching cinch rings forcing their penises into semi-
permanent and partial erections. Additionally, their prominent
nipples, surrounded by large areolae, are pierced by heavy, gold
rings.

Now fully unclothed, Rashid catches sight of himself in a full
length mirror. Staring back at him is a twenty-seven years old,
virile man of Middle-Eastern appearance with a strong, lithe
body. His limbs, muscular chest and firm stomach have a light
covering of black hair. His prodigious genitalia, nestling in a
thick forest of black, pubic hair stretching from thigh to thigh,
are a darker shade to the rest of his body colour. His handsome
face, framed by a closely cropped, black beard, is dominated by
dark, piercing eyes and a cruel mouth.

With an assurance born of arrogance and vanity he strides into
the shower where his two slaves are kneeling awaiting their
master's pleasure. A snap of his fingers have the slaves, one in
front and one behind, begin to wash him.

Fearfully, and starting at his head, they gently wash his upper
body before dropping to their knees where one begins to wash
between his ass-cheeks as the other gently soaps his cock and
balls. Rashid enjoys the feel of their hands on his body and
would, if time permitted, linger longer in the shower.

However, he is anxious to be on his way to the airstrip and
cruelly cuffs the ears of one of the slaves with the instruction
to.

"Hurry along, slave."

Looking down he sees the Canadian kneeling in front of him and
contemptuously he begins to piss over him. Rashid notes that the
slave doesn't flinch and once more he feels that sense of power
that allows him to dominate other men.

Stepping out of the shower the two slaves gently dry his body and
begin to dress him in the jeans and short sleeved shirt he has
chosen to wear rather than his traditional robes. Rashid stands
naked before his slaves with all the self-assurance of a master
completely in control of the situation. Of course, his culture
decrees that a man will never appear nude in the company of free
men; however as slaves are neither free nor men he doesn't have a
problem with being naked in the presence of his body slaves.

There is, however, one exception that allows him to be
comfortably naked with another free man and that man is his
estate manager, Geoffrey Myles-Lytton. As his `adopted' brother
and lover Geoffrey is the only man that Rashid truly loves and
trusts implicitly.

This love and trust is born out of Rashid's profound gratitude
for the friendship and protection extended to him as a shy, young
boy sent away to a boarding-school in the UK as part of his
education. In this foreign environment, he was an easy target for
insults and teasing by a group of five, arrogant, upper-class
bullies.

One memorable day when he was being rough-housed by these
bullies, he was rescued by the intervention of a young,
blond-haired boy who directly challenged the leader of the
bullies to a fight and soundly defeated him. From then on the
young Rashid was left alone and enjoyed the friendship of his
young, English protector, Geoffrey Myles-Lytton.

This friendship extended to Geoffrey taking Rashid home to his
aristocratic parents' home for weekends and holidays. In time
Rashid was able to reciprocate by having Geoff (as Rashid now
called him) travel with him to visit his father, Prince Youssef,
a senior member of the ruling family.

So touched was Prince Youssef by Geoff's friendship to his
younger son that he `adopted' Geoff into his family, bestowed
upon him the name `Kareem' meaning generous, noble and friendly
and conferred upon him the many privileges he still enjoys. As
both boys approached puberty they naturally explored their
burgeoning sexuality and became the lovers they still remain.

Rashid never forgot Geoff's kindness or the cruelty of the five
bullies; all of whom are now wealthy and successful businessmen.
Never one to forgive or forget, Rashid has discreetly set in
motion a series of events that will eventually see the five
bullies disgraced and ruined.

When this happens he will have them secretly brought to the
Bezistan as slaves. His intends for them to serve him as personal
slaves within his palace whilst he deliberates on their future
roles.

Often he visualises them as naked, draft slaves pulling either a
plough or heavy cart; at other times he sees them toiling in the
quarries or saltpans under the whips of his overseers. However,
he isn't in any hurry to see this happen, as first of all, he
wants them to enjoy the riches and trappings of success before he
makes them his slaves. He intends that their suffering as slaves
will be made more acute by the knowledge of what they have lost.

Now dressed, he signals to the slaves to open the door for his
departure. Once they have done so, they fall to their knees and
wait until the door closes behind him before quickly jumping to
their feet. They know that they have several hours to return the
apartments to the pristine state demanded by Rashid.

Additionally, they must administer enemas to each other, then
shower and oil their bodies before lubricating their ass-holes
ready for possible fucking that night; they are required to be
available at all times. Once all this is done they are to kneel
just inside the door and await Rashid's return.

Miserably, they know that, in all probability, their efforts will
prove unsatisfactory and that they will be soundly caned by their
capricious Master.

                                                       
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Walking through his palace, Rashid greets his major domo, Daoud.

"Good afternoon, Daoud. As there are matters I want to discuss
with you, I would appreciate it if you would walk with me to my
pony trap"

Good afternoon, Your Highness." Daoud replies deferentially.
"What do you wish to discuss with me?"

"I had a phone call from my esteemed father this morning. He has
grown tired of the intrigues and politics of the royal court. He
yearns for a less stressful and more peaceful life away the
court. He wishes to return to the simple country life here on the
estate where he can involve himself in its activities. For that
reason, I would like you to prepare the eastern annex of the
palace for him and his household and I would like it done as
quickly as possible. Select as many slaves as you need to work
there and achieve this in the shortest possible time."

"Certainly, Your Highness. It will be an honour and a pleasure to
have His Highness, your father take up residence here. May I ask
do you require me to allocate slaves to serve him?"

"Naturally he will still retain his household in the capitol and
so I'm not sure how many slaves he will bring here with him. As
you suggest it's possible we will have to allocate some of our
own slaves to serve him. Over the next day or so, I'll question
my father on his plans and get back to you. But please be good
enough to give the refurbishment of the eastern annex your top
priority. Choose as many slaves as you require for the task and
if necessary work them around the clock under the whip. I'll
arrange for overseers to assist you in ensuring the slaves give
of their best efforts."

"Thank you, Your Highness. Rest assured that what you ask will be
done expeditiously."

Approaching the front entrance of the palace, a loud gong
announces Rashid's departure and four naked, white slaves strain
to push open the heavy bronze doors. Stepping through the
opening, Rashid sees a young, naked slave lying in the `full
obeisance' position on the patio floor. His eyes move from the
broad shoulders down over the muscular back and pauses at the
slave's well-rounded and magnificent ass. Slowly, he walks around
the trembling slave, drinking in his physical beauty before
giving the command to assume the `kneeling display' position.

Hastily, the young slave scrambles into position.


To be continued...........













