Author: mypenname3000
Title: Becoming Mama's Good Boy Chapter One: Mind-Controlled into Loving His Mama
Subtitle: A Belt Buckle Mind-Control Story
Summary: After receiving a belt that says "Mama's Boy" from his mother, a young man finds himself eager to obey her!
Keywords: mF mFF Fsolo mc inc fdom oral 1st exhib voy wife cheat cuck

Copywrite 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to WRC264 for beta reading this!

The Figure held up its next masterpiece. It stares at the slender, black belt adorned with a silver buckle. In the most graceful cursive possible, it had written, Mama's Boy on it. The words were beautiful, one letter flowing to the next. Elegant. 

Fitting.

The Figure smiled as it headed to the mist. The portal that connected all space and all time and all universes. An infinity of possibilities for its amusements. How long would this game amuse it? The last one had been decades of fun. A rarity. This time...

It stepped through the mist and appeared in a shopping center. A Target. No one noticed the Figure. It was too nondescript. Too ordinary to be noticed. Eyes slid off it, people parting out of the way as it marched with a purpose to the Men's section. To a display of belts. With a flick of the wrist, it left behind its creation.

Not long after, a mother found it and added it to her cart. 

<p style="text-align: center;">~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

<strong>Jason Reynolds</strong>

Hair still wet from the shower, I stared at the belt draped across my bed. Black and with a silver buckle on the end. I frowned and picked it up. The script on the belt had my cheeks burning with embarrassment. I whirled around and burst out of the door. I barreled down the stairs and charged through the living room.

It was a lazy Saturday morning. Mom and Dad were sitting at the table sipping coffee and lingering over their breakfast. Mom glanced up at me, her curly, brown hair spilling about her face. Her green eyes fixed on me.

You found your gift, she said with delight. Do you like it?

Dad was staring down at his phone, flicking through social media or something, not paying attention at all.

No! I shook the belt at my mother. It swayed in my hand, jangling. What the heck is this?

A belt, Mom said with amusement. I saw it yesterday at Target and thought you'd like it.

Like it? I gasped. I can't wear this.

Sure you can, Mom said. You slide it through the loops of those jeans you're wearing and buckle it up. Easy peasy.

I'm not wearing this. I shook it again. No fricking way.

Your mother bought it for you, so you'll wear it, Dad growled in that same voice he used on perps. He was a cop. His eyes lifted to meet mine. He might be balding, but that didn't change the authority in his eyes. Do you understand me, Jason?

I... I swallowed. Fine. Just get my ass kicked at school wearing this thing. Mama's Boy. Why for the sake of all that was fucking holy, would she buy me a belt that had Mama's Boy written on it. Didn't she get what it was like to be fifteen? Couldn't she remember what high school was like?

I was boned.

You're being dramatic, Jason, Mom said, rolling her eyes. No one's going to care. Now, are you cleaning your room today?

Maybe, I lied. I had better things to do.

Go clean your room, she said and picked up her mug. She sipped her coffee. And put on that belt. I want to see how handsome you look in it.

She stared at me with this expectant smile. I groaned. I couldn't say no to that. Grumbling, I began threading the belt through the loops on my pants. It whisked through one after the other. I pulled it tighter and tighter, the leather rasping as I worked it around. Then I buckled it up tight, the silver falling into place.

A tingle raced over my skin. A prickling of my arms. I blinked at that and shook my head. 

Oh, Mom groaned in that happy, motherly way. Don't you look so handsome? Ooh, Jason, you're becoming a man. She stood up and hugged me. I became so aware of her large breasts pressing into my chest through her top. She held me tight. My baby boy is growing up. But you'll always be my little boy.

Mom, I groaned in embarrassment at her words, this heat rising in me. Why was I noticing her boobs? I could feel how soft they were. Christ, I don't think she had a bra on. Her nipples poked hard into my chest through our t-shirts.

Now go clean your room, she said.

Yes, Mom, I said. I broke from her embrace and turned, hurrying from the kitchen. I had to go clean my room right now. I blinked in shock at how eager I was to obey. I hated cleaning my room. It just got messy again. I didn't see the point of making my bed and putting away my clothes and straightening everything up.

But now...

Mom wanted me to clean my room. I raced up the stairs to my bedroom, bewildered by all of this. I burst into the disaster that it was. It would take me hours to clean. I could be going out and hanging with Tim, James, Carl, and Eduardo.

I stared at it. Almost overwhelmed by the task at hand. But I had to do my best. I had to put my all into it. I rolled up my metaphorical sleevesI was wearing a short-sleeve shirtand went to work. I started in one spot and attacked it.

Like I thought, it was a task that took a few hours. I was working up a sweat as I gathered up dirty and clean clothes. I folded the latter and threw the former into the hamper. I straightened up my stuff. I made my bed. I picked up garbage, far too many Kleenexes that were stuck together, and other items. I opened my window to help air it out. 

I even got the vacuum cleaner and ran it through the floor, picking up so much junk. 

I stared at my room and looked at how clean it was. Way cleaner than I normally would make it. This was something that would make Mom happy. I was shocked that I wanted to make her happy this much. It's not like I wanted to make her miserable, I just wanted to do my own shit.

I was fifteen. She didn't seem to get that.

This dumb belt was an example. Who the fuck would make one that read Mama's Boy?

The task was done, I headed downstairs. I found my mom in the living room chatting with Mrs. Best. She was the hot, blonde MILF that was best friends with my mom. Mrs. Best was also my friend Tim's mother. So I had had plenty of time to lust after her while hanging out at his place.

To say that I hadn't whacked off to the busty Mrs. Best would be an understatement. If ever I wanted to have a Mrs. Robinson experience, it was with her. Only Donna, the hot cheerleader with the red hair I had a crush on, graced my masturbatory fantasies more often than Mrs. Best.

And not by much.

The MILF sat on the couch by my mom, the pair looking at each other. They were both wearing sundresses, Mom having changed, and had glasses of iced tea in hand, condensation spilling down the sides. It wasn't quite summer yet, but it was starting to feel like it.

I finished cleaning my room, Mom, I said, standing before her with this strange craving to gain her approval. What had gotten into me? I'm going to go to Carl's house. That cool.

I heard you vacuuming, Mom said, this look of joy in her green eyes. She smiled at me, the bodice of her sundress hugging her large breasts tightly. God, she had tits as big as Mrs. Best. How had I never noticed that before? 

Heat hardened my cock. That couldn't be because of my mother. It had to be because of Mrs. Best. She was here. That gorgeous woman always had my blood boiling. She had that plump smile on her lips, her large breasts rising and falling in the tight fit of her sundress.

I'm so proud of you, honey, she said, smiling at me. Thank you for cleaning your room.

My cheeks warmed. It's no biggie, Mom. I just want to make you happy.

Why the fuck had those words tumbled from my mouth? Why did I feel like I want to do everything she said. What had happened to me. It was like the belt was making me into what it said on the buckle. What a terrifying thought.

So, can I go to Carl's? I asked.

Oh, would you be a dear and give me a foot massage before you go? she asked, smiling at me. She took a sip of her iced tea. They're still sore from doing all that shopping yesterday.

Sure, Mom, I said to my shock again. I wanted to get out of here. The other guys had been texting me, telling me to get my ass over there. We were supposed to be having a Smash Brothers Tournament right now.

I wanted nothing more than to get out of here, and yet I was smiling and kneeling before my mother. I lifted her foot and peeled off the pink ankle sock she had on. It slid it off her dainty feet. She had small toes. 

I held her foot in my hand and started kneading across the sole with my thumbs. I dug them in at the heel. She let out a groan and leaned back. Her brown hair rustling around her face. A look of delight crossed her mature features. Her breasts rose and fell in her top.

Oh, Lisa, this is amazing, Mom said. Ooh, you have got to get Tim to do this for you.

I can't get my son to clean his room, Mrs. Best said. I can't believe Jason did that. And now he's giving you a foot massage? Tim's been talking all morning about some stupid tournament they're doing.

Well, my Jason's a good boy, aren't you? 

Yes, Mom, I said, staring at her, aching to gain her approval.

She smiled at me.

Joy burst through me, my cock so hard. I worked harder on her massaging her foot. She groaned, closing her eyes. Mrs. Best watched on in envy. I rubbed my thumbs slowly up her foot, my fingers massaging the top. I worked closer and closer to her toes, digging into the ball of her foot. Her toes flexed and relaxed.

Her little sighs were so exciting. I was relaxing with my mother. I was making her feel good. That felt so important to me. I couldn't stop what I was doing. I had to keep massaging her. Keep relaxing her. She arched her back, the couch creaking.

Jason, she groaned.

I loved that I was doing this to her. That I was massaging her and making her feel good.

The other foot, she purred, licking her lips. Her breasts jiggled. Her nipples poked hard into the material. Ooh, you're making me feel so good. Thank you, Jason.

Yeah, he is making you feel good, purred Mrs. Best. Wow. What a wonderful son you have, Rita. I am insanely jealous.

I'm lucky, Mom purred. Mmm, I have such a wonderful son. Yes, yes, he's just amazing. Ooh, Jason, yes, yes, do my other foot. Mama needs that.

Mama...

Why did that make my cock so hard? Why was my mom turning me on? And why the fuck was I doing this? I had better things to do. But I was pulling off the right sock. In moments, her dainty foot was exposed.

I grabbed her foot and massaged her. I didn't even try to rush it. I took my time. I wanted to give my mother the best experience possible. This thrill shot through me as she moaned. I was making her feel good. I wanted to please my mother.

What had this belt done to me?

This wasn't me? I wasn't a mama's boy.

My fingers worked up her foot, my thumbs digging into her sole. She groaned again, her breasts jiggling beneath her sundress. Her legs parted, her skirt around her knees. This strange ache to see up her skirt shot through me.

It should be Mrs. Best I was lusting after. The blonde was a gorgeous woman. The hottest MILF I knew. She could stack up to girls my age in the looks department. And yet here I was lusting after my mother like she was...

Hotter.

I swallowed, my dick throbbing in my jeans. I wanted to run upstairs and masturbate. I ached to fling myself on my bed, grab a wad of Kleenex, and stroke one out thinking of my mother. This was crazy. I was turning into some sort of pervert.

Pussy-whipped by my mother... God, that was sad.

I reached the ball of her foot and dug my thumbs in. She groaned and licked her lips. Her toes curled and relaxed. So dainty and cute. I glanced up at her, a huge smile on her lips. Mrs. Best squirmed beside her. 

She stared with such envy at what we were doing.

Mmm, that's good, Mom cooed when I finished. Makes me so wet when you massage my feet, Jason.

I froze at those words. My mother could not have said them. I must have been hearing things. Wet? Like her pussy?

I bet, Mrs. Best said. Ooh, I need to cool off myself.

Jason, honey, be a good boy and take off mama's panties. Mom stared down at me with these smoldering, green eyes. And eat mama's pussy. I need to cum after that wonderful foot massage.

No fucking way. There was no fucking away my mother just said those words. I had to have misunderstood her. She said something completely different. Mrs. Best wouldn't be nodding there and biting her lower lip. Christ, I could hear Dad in his den. 

My hands reached up my mother's thighs. My palms slid across her shaved legs. I crossed over silky skin, marveling at how smooth she was. I had never touched a girl like this before. Now I was reaching for my mother's panties.

I've never eaten pussy, I croaked, feeling like I was in a daze.

Oh, you're going to be just wonderful at it, Jason, Mom said. I'm sure you're going to love your mama's pussy. You'll be a natural at it. You know why?

I shook my head, this incestuous heat throbbing up my cock while my hands reached further beneath her dress.

Because you love your mama and you want to please her. She smiled at me. You're a mama's boy through and through.

God, I groaned, fearing that was true. 

My fingers found her panties. I slid over the cotton and found the elastic waistband. I hooked them, my heart hammering in my chest. This was so wrong. I couldn't be doing this. It was illegal. Taboo. Violated every law of nature. 

I pulled my mother's panties down. She lifted her rump, her boobs jiggling in her sundress, to help me slide them down. My heart beat faster and faster and faster. Excitement drummed my heart. My breathing quickened as I rolled her panties down her thighs.

The pink garment appeared in my hand. I breathed in a tangy musk as I slid them down her knees. Was that my mother's pussy? The scent of the hole that had birthed me. My cock twitched and throbbed so hard as I pulled off her panties.

The crotch was soaked. The tangy scent stronger, mixed with the aroma of cotton. I swallowed and stared at her spread-open thighs and the dark shadow created by her skirt. She really wanted me to eat her pussy.

My mother's pussy...

Don't be shy, Jason, Mom said. Eat Mama's pussy. Mmm, you're going to be so great at it. I believe in you.

Oh, wow, you're so lucky to have a son that will eat your cunt, Rita, Mrs. Best moaned, watching on.

I pushed up my mother's sundress, the yellow fabric sliding up and up her thighs. The tangy musk grew in my nose as I leaned over. My mouth salivated. I wanted to devour her. I wanted to eat her pussy with hunger. I licked my lips.

Then her brown bush appeared. Curls adorned with dewdrops of her passion. Her thick labia peeked through. My heart drummed faster and faster. I licked my lips and leaned my head closer and closer to her snatch.

That's it, cooed Mom. Eat your mama's pussy! Make your mama cum!

Then I buried my face into her bush.

Her curls slid over my lips and cheeks a heartbeat before my lips kissed at her snatch. My mother's labia spilled over my mouth. Her tangy cream coated my face. I shuddered and then I licked at the pussy that birthed me.

I tasted incest. 

My tongue slid through her folds. Mom groaned, her back arching. It was so wonderful to stroke her. I caressed up her slit, loving the taste of her. The tangy flavor of her pussy melted across my tongue. It was an amazing delight. 

She groaned, her back arching. Her breasts jiggled. She bit her lower lip and moaned. I licked again and again. This taboo hunger gripped me. I was possessed with feasting on my mother's pussy. I had to make her cum. I had to please her.

Oh, yes, yes, that's wonderful, she groaned. 

Mom, I groaned, shocked by how good this was. How hard it made me. You taste so good, Mom. Just amazing.

Mmm, Mama's good, little boy is eating her pussy! She smiled. Oh, yes, yes, that's wonderful!

You're so lucky, Rita, Mrs. Best moaned as she watched me eat my mother's cunt. 

I fluttered my tongue up and down my mother's pussy in stunned bemusement. I was really eating her cunt. Just devouring her. What was my life right now? But, damn, she tasted so good. Cunt was amazing. My mother's cunt was delicious. 

I had no idea what I was doing. I just licked through her thick folds. No tight, barely legal slit here like the girls in the porn I watched. This was a MILF's pussy. I stroked her pussy lips, caressing them. Even sucking on them.

Don't be afraid to go deep into Mama's pussy, she moaned, her face twisting in delight as she stared down at me past her large breasts swelling the yellow fabric of her dress.

Deep... Did she mean...?

I thrust my tongue into the hole that had birthed me. My cock twitched in my boxers and jeans. Her silky curls rubbed on my lips and cheeks as I plundered her pussy. I thrust my tongue in deep. I groaned, shocked that I was doing this. It was insane, and yet here I was fluttering around in her. 

I stroked her. Pleased her. I darted my tongue around in her, loving the taste of her. She squeezed her twat around my tongue. Her thighs held me tight. I groaned, loving what I was doing to her. I devoured her with all the hunger that I had.

I feasted on her with everything that I could.

That's so good, Mom moaned. Mmm, you're such a loving mama's boy, Jason. Ooh, yes, yes, eat my pussy. Eat Mama's yummy cunt.

God, he is going to town on your pussy, Rita, Mrs. Best moaned. I'm so wet.
Mmm, I'll make sure you're taken care of, Mom promised, her pussy squeezing about my tongue fluttering around in her depths.

The tangy flavor of her grew and grew as I fucked my tongue in and out of her. She groaned, her back arching. Those big breasts jiggled in her bodice. What would they look like naked? Big and soft and perfect for squeezing?

How had any of this happened? Why had my mom turned into a complete pervert? What about Dad? I was eating Mom's pussy. We were cheating on Dad. This was so insane. My cock twitched and throbbed in my pants.

Mmm, don't forget about Mama's clit, she moaned. Lick it. Suck on it. Mmm, make Mama cum, Jason.

Yes, Mom, I groaned.

I slid my tongue through her folds and over her bud. She gasped as I caressed her clit. Her pearl thrust out of its hood. I swirled my tongue over that nub. My lips kissed her. I sucked on her. She gasped, her back arching.

Was I about to make my mother cum?

My cock burned in my pants. I wanted to jack off. I needed to free my cock, but here I was gripping my mother's thighs and sucking on her clit. I nursed on her. She moaned, her head tossing. Brown curls spilled about her flushed cheeks.

Yes, yes, yes, Jason! she moaned, not caring if Dad heard her at all. This was insane. That's so good! Mama's going to cum! Ooh, yes, yes, make Mama cum, you a good boy. Oh, Jason, yes, yes, I love you!

I suckled so hard, her words ringing in my ears. Pussy cream ran down my chin as I suckled hard on her clit. I ached to make her cum. To please her. I had to be a good boy for her. The need utterly consumed me.

Her face tensed. Her eyes squeezed shut. She grabbed my head, attempting to grip my short hair. Then she bucked and shuddered. Her face contorted with delight. She cried out in rapture. A flood of tangy juices gushed out of her pussy.

Jason! she howled. Yes, yes! Mama loves you!

I drank the cream gushing out of her pussy. I shuddered, drinking that wonderful flood of juices. I gulped them down. I licked them up. This heady rush shot through me as I drank my mother's orgasmic passion. 

I made Mom cum.

I pleased her.

She trembled and moaned, Mrs. Best watching on with a flushed face and gleaming eyes. I licked up the flood. The juices spilled over my taste buds. Incestuous delight spilled across my tongue. I groaned as I gripped my mother's thighs.

She shuddered and then panted. A big smile spread on her lips. She cupped my face and pulled me up. Her pussy cream dribbled down my chin. She had such a big smile on her lips as she pulled me in for a kiss. I planted my lips on hers.

She groaned as she kissed me with hunger. Her tongue darted out, tasting her own pussy cream. I shuddered, my cock throbbing. I couldn't believe that I had just eaten out my mother. And now I kissed her. 

With tongue.

This was so hot. I was so hard. 

Mom broke the kiss a moment later. She licked her lips. Mmm, I love kissing a man with my pussy on his lips. You're as good as your father, Jason. Just growing up to be such a good boy.

I swallowed. What about Dad? He's in the house. What if he caught us?

What if he did? Mom stared at me, confused. You think he'd be mad. He'd be proud that you did such a good job making me cum.

Mmm, you were amazing, Jason, moaned Mrs. Best as she squirmed on the couch. I need to have my pussy eaten. Tim won't do it. Too busy playing video games.

Oh, Jason will, Mom said. Mmm, why don't you stretch out on your back, let Mrs. Best sit on your face, and Mama will suck your dick.

My cock lurched. I always thought my first blowjob would be from a girl at my school. Jenny, Maria, Natti, Wendy, or Svetlana. Even Donna, though she was way out of my league. All the guys were after her. 

I should say no, but my mom wanted me to do it, so I just popped off my t-shirt and then stretched out on my back, my cock so hard in my jeans. The two women stood up, my mom and the MILF. Then they started taking off their sundresses.

I swallowed as Mom revealed she wasn't wearing a bra at all this morning. That wasn't like her, right? I mean, with tits that big. It was like she knew this would happen and wanted to be ready. I stared at her big, soft breasts as they spilled out. She had dark-red nipples, fat nubs that thrust from wide areolas. Her boobs quivered as she moved. She smiled at me with such hunger, her green eyes smoldering.

You are such a handsome boy, Jason, she groaned. Makes Mama so wet. Mmm, and Mama made you hard. Look at that cock tenting your jeans.

That is quite the bulge, Mrs. Best said as she reached behind her. She was down to a red bra and matching panties. She unhooked hers and slid it off. Her tits spilled out, jiggling with weight. She had dusky nipples, almost brown. Mmm, you are a lucky mother.

I know. Mom smiled at me as she knelt between my thighs. She stroked the belt buckle.

God, did she put a spell on it or something to make me obey her? Everything she wanted, I did. Didn't matter how I felt. It was like I was mind-controlled or something. That was insane, and so was having a threesome with my mom and her MILF best friend.

Mrs. Best slid her panties off. She had a trimmed, blonde bush gleaming with her juices. Dewdrops beaded her curls, her pussy lips peeking through. She stepped out of her panties, tits jiggling and quivering. Then she smiled and walked over to me. She straddled my head and lowered herself to my face.

Mom undid my belt buckle as Mrs. Best settled her furred muff on my face, a tart aroma filling my nose. Different from Mom's. Curls tickled my lips and then her hot cunt kissed my mouth. Her juices trickled over my tongue. 

She tasted great, but not as amazing as my mother.

Mom unfastened my jeans and ripped open my zipper as I licked through Mrs. Best. The MILF's plump rump clenched before my face. She arched her supple back. My tongue stroked through her folds from her clit to her taint.

I was finally eating out Mrs. Best, and all I could think about was how my mother's pussy was better. I mean, I enjoyed the taste of Mrs. Best. It was like settling for chicken after having steak. Still good, still enjoyable, but there was something tastier out there.

There's my little boy's big dick, Mom cooed as she yanked my boxers down. My cock spilled out. She grabbed me. Mmm, Mama has a hung son.

I shuddered as she stroked me. I moaned into Mrs. Best's cunt while my mother's soft hand worked up and down my cock. She stroked me in just the right way. She teased me. I groaned, savoring this pleasure. My cock throbbed in her hand. The pleasure swept through me.

My face contorted from the delight of her stroking. I thrust my tongue into Mrs. Best's tart cunt. God, I was cuckolding both my dad and Mr. Best all at the same time. I had two married women playing with me.

This was insane.

Mmm, such a big dick, Mom purred. Her tongue licked across the crown of my dick.

Shit! I gasped at the incestuous contact of her tongue on my cock. 

Yum. Mama has a tasty son. She licked me again. And again. Her tongue swirled around my crown, bathing me. Ooh, that precum. So salty.

I shuddered as she slid her warm tongue over every bit of my dick. Having a woman touching my cock was amazing. Those licks had me groaning. My tongue danced around in Mrs. Best's cunt as I savored this delight. My toes curled. My balls drank in the pleasure shooting down my shaft.

Then Mom slid her lips over my cock. I groaned as her warm mouth engulfed me. Her tongue danced around my crown before she sucked. I moaned, my balls twitching. They felt the pressure of her nursing mouth.

This was so insane. I loved it. I savored it. My entire body trembled. My back arched. I growled into Mrs. Best's pussy. I feasted on the hot wife while my mom worked her lips up and down my cock, sucking the entire time.

Oh, shit, that's good, Mom! I groaned.

Ooh, your son loves what you're doing, Rita, Mrs. Best purred. And I love it, too. Ooh, Jason, you're such a good boy for eating my pussy.

Yeah, yeah, anything for Mom, I panted. 

Plus, you've been lusting after me for a while, she purred, grinding her furred muff on my face.

God, she knew?

Mmm, yes, yes, I need this. Make me cum, Jason. Make me cum like your mother did. Ooh, you're such a good boy.

I had to be a good boy. Mama's good boy. 

I couldn't fight this. I was helpless to resist this power controlling. And why fight it? My mom's mouth felt amazing on my dick. Right now, I didn't care that it was incest or that I was cuckolding Dad. Betraying him. I was just enjoying this pleasure as I feasted on Mrs. Best's yummy pussy..

I plunged my tongue in and out of her tart sheath as Mom worked her mouth up and down my cock. She suckled on me with such hunger. It was incredible. I groaned every time she slid her lips up, the suction increases. 

Fuck, fuck, fuck, I moaned, not caring I was cursing in front of my mother. That's so good. Mom!

Ooh, Rita, keep sucking your son's dick! Mrs. Best's rump clenched before my eyes, my tongue plunging into her cunt. He eats me out with such enthusiasm.

Mom groaned around my cock. The humming of her passion massaged the tip and shot bliss down to my balls.

My tongue fluttered through Mrs. Best folds. I licked and lapped at her with such eager hunger. I had to make her cum. I had to make her explode. I wanted that so badly. I wanted to make her erupt with passion. That would be great. 

My tongue danced through her flesh. I licked at her, with hunger. She moaned, her butt-cheeks clenching as I pleasured her. Mom pleasured me. The ache built and built at the tip of my dick. My cock throbbed. I was so close to cumming.

Mom! I moaned. I... I... I'm going to erupt if you keep doing that.

Of course you are, purred Mrs. Best while Mom sucked even harder at my dick. Mmm, you're going to erupt and flood her mouth. That's what she wants.

Mom moaned and suckled so hard.

My cock twitched in my mother's mouth. Throbbed. Pleasure shot through me. My nuts tightened. This wonderful ache swelled at the tip of my dick. I would have such a big burst of pleasure. I groaned, my dick twitching from the ache. It would be awesome. Just a mighty burst of rapture. 

Her hand cupped my balls. She kneaded me with gentle pressure. The ache swelled at the tip of my cock. I neared that explosive release. There wasn't much more I could hold back. I wanted to cum in my mother's mouth.

My first blowjob from my mom. My first orgasm caused by something other than my hand.

Fuck, fuck, fuck, I moaned. 

Erupted.

I latched onto Mrs. Best's clit as I spurted my cum into my mother's mouth. I fired over and over again. Each blast slammed bliss into my mind. Stars burst across my vision, dancing over Mrs. Best's clenching butt-cheeks.

Oh, my god, Jason! she moaned as I nursed on her clit and moaned around her bud. That's... that's... Yes!

Tart cream gushed out of her married cunt. I drank the hot wife's passion while I pumped my taboo seed into my mother's mouth. I groaned and bucked, the pleasure slamming through my mind. Stars burst across my vision. I shuddered at how great this felt. 

Spurt after spurt of passion rushed out of my cock. My mom moaned as she gulped it down. She swallowed my cum. I hit the peak of my rapture, my tongue lapping at Mrs. Best's pussy. I drank the MILF's wonderful juices down.

I fired a last blast of cum into my mother's mouth. Rapture spilled through my body. 

I panted while Mom kept nursing at my cock like she wanted to make sure she worked out every drop. My balls twitched in her hand. Mrs. Best panted and then slid off me. She lay on her back. I licked my lips and sat up, staring down my body to my mother still suckling on my dick. 

Her green eyes stared up at me. She looked so sexy with her lips wrapped around my cock. I breathed heavily, bewildered by this. I spotted the belt buckle. It hung out to the side of my open fly. The cursive letters on it told me what I had become.

A mama's boy.

Mom slid her lips off my dick. She had cum and saliva dribbling down her chin. She smacked her lips, her big breasts jiggling. She smiled at me. I couldn't help but grin back at her. What we had down was so wrong. 

Mmm, how was it? she asked. Did you enjoy Mama sucking on your dick?

Fuck, yes! I gasped. Then winced. Sorry, sorry. I meant

She laughed, her large breast jiggling. Oh, swearing hardly seems like a big deal when I want to feel your cock sliding back into my pussy. Mmm, Mama needs her son's big dick back in her cunt. Back where he came from.

What about Dad? I groaned as she stood up and moved to the couch, her plump rump swayin
g. 
She turned around and sat on the couch, legs spread wide, her furred muff aimed at me. What about your father? You keep sounding like he would be mad or something? Mothers and sons are supposed to love each other. It's natural.

What? I gasped.

Oh, yes, Mrs. Best said. Well, except most sons aren't good boys like you wanting to make love to their mothers. She smiled. It was like having my own son lick me out. Mmm, you were like my good boy, Jason. Thank you.

Er, you're welcome, I said, my cock twitching. Christ, I was hard again.

Now, come make love to your mother, she cooed, her arms and legs thrown wide open. Play with Mama's boobs, enjoy her body, and then slide back into her pussy. Return to Mama's womb. Mmm, you might even make another baby in me. Wouldn't that be something?

Jesus fucking Christ, I muttered. I had to obey her. I had to play with her boobs and make a baby in my mother. I had to breed her. The ache swelled in my nuts. I ripped off my jeans and boxers before I stood and stumbled to her. This isn't right, Mom. We shouldn't have kids. That's incest. Inbreeding.

Oh, Jason. She smiled. Mama knows best, right?

Yes. I shuddered. She was right. She knew best.

So it's okay if sons impregnate their mamas, okay? She smiled. That's what good boys do, right?

Yes, Mom, I groaned as I reached her sitting there on the couch, her ass on the edge, her pussy ready to be taken hard.

Mrs. Best curled up naked on the other side, watching on with excitement, her pussy cream running down my chin. My heart hammered in my chest. My cock throbbed and ached with my excitement. 

I sank to my knees before the couch and rose. That put my cock at the perfect level to fuck my mom. But she wanted me to play with her boobs. And they were such lovely tits. My hands trembled, aching with the delight to grab her boobs. To just hold them. Knead them. Play with them.

Mmm, that's it, she cooed as my hands grew closer. She grabbed my wrist and pulled me to her breasts. Don't be shy. Play with Mama's big tits.

I grabbed them. My fingers squeezed her lush mounds. My digits melted into her soft flesh. I loved the feel of them in my hand. She smiled as I jiggled them. Amusement danced on her lips as such awe rushed through me. I had a pair of boobs in my hands.

First time touching a woman's tits? she asked.

Yes, Mom, I croaked.

And that was your first blowjob, too, huh? She smiled. Is my little boy a virgin?

I nodded, squeezing her tits.

Wonderful. She cupped my face and pulled me to her lips as I squeezed her tits.

I kissed her with lips sticky with Mrs. Best's tart pussy. My mom moaned. Her tongue flicked out, licking it up. My cock throbbed as she did that. She enjoyed the taste of another woman's pussy? Of a fellow hot wife MILF's cunt? This was so exciting. 

I groaned as I kissed Mom, my hands squeezing her boobs. I held her tight, my cock throbbing and aching. Our tongues danced together. We swapped spit back and forth. She whimpered, her lips working on mine. 

She broke the kiss and panted, Ooh, you're all grown up. My little boy is a man.

Yes, Mom, I panted and then ducked my head down. I suckled her nipple into my mouth. I loved the texture of her nub. I swirled my tongue around that fat nipple and nursed.

Mom groaned, You used to nurse from me. Mmm, you used to love suckling from Mama's nipple as a baby. Oh, yes, yes, that's perfect.

I suckled hard on her nub. I loved the feel of her bud in my mouth. My cock throbbed more and more as I loved the feel of her nipple between my lips. I groaned, loving her. She moaned, her fingers sliding through my hair.

As much as I loved suckling on her nipple, I had to be in my mother's pussy. I couldn't take any more. 

I ripped my mouth off her nub, my cock throbbing. I released her tits and grabbed my hard dick. I guided myself to her pussy. Her green eyes brightened. I slid my tip into the soft curls of her brown, wet bush.

My cock kissed at her thick pussy lips.

Yes, yes, ram your big dick into Mama's pussy, she groaned. Fill Mama up with your cock. Ooh, show Mama how much you love her.

Yes, Mom! I groaned and thrust.

Her pussy lips slid over the crown of my cock. The silky, wet texture was the most heavenly thing in the world. I groaned as I plunged into the warmth of the hole that had birthed me. I slid into her hot depths. I shuddered as her hot flesh spilled over me.

It was incredible to enjoy. My face contorted with such delight. I groaned at how amazing this was. How utterly wild. The pleasure of her pussy spilled down shaft to my balls. This incestuous bliss embraced my cock.

Mom moaned, her face contorting in bliss. Her arms and legs wrapped around me. She pressed me against her breasts. I hugged her back, staring into her eyes as I bottomed out in her pussy. Her cunt clenched around me.

Oh, my god! she moaned in ecstasy. Mama's son is all grown up. Ooh, yes, yes, Mama loves your big dick in her pussy.

God, that's so hot when you call yourself, Mama, I groaned.

Mom winked at me. I know.

I kissed her. I planted my mouth on hers. Mrs. Best whimpered, watching on while fondling her breasts. My tongue plundered my mother's mouth. At the same time, I drew back my hips. Her cunt clung to my cock. She held me tight. I loved the feel of her squeezing about me. It was amazing to feel.
 
I plunged back into her. I buried to the hilt in her snatch. Her pussy squeezed about me. Her hot flesh held me tight. She massaged me. I pumped away at her, my balls smacking into her taint. I pistoned away, her pussy held me tight.

I reveled in being in her cunt. I savored every moment of thrusting away at her. She felt so wonderful about my cock. Her pussy gripped me. I groaned, savoring that hot embrace about my dick. I buried into her, the ache building

The floor creaked. Someone had entered the living room. Dad!

I broke the kiss and threw a look to see my dad walking by. He paused to stare at us. I shuddered, buried to the hilt in Mom's pussy. Mrs. Best just smiled at Dad while fear flooded through every inch of my body. Frigid terror gripped me.

Oh, honey, our son's finally making love to me, Mom moaned. Isn't that wonderful?

Finally stepping up and being a man, huh? Dad said. Good for you, Jason. Fuck your mother hard. I'm off to the hardware store, Rita. Need anything.

Milk, she moaned, her pussy clenching down on my dick. Oooh, don't stop fucking Mama's pussy. 

I couldn't believe this. I had to obey her. It was so surreal. Dad walked by as I drew back my cock. He didn't care I was cuckolding him. He thought this was normal. Had everyone gone insane? I buried my dick back into my mother's pussy.

She moaned, her pussy clenching down on my cock. She felt incredible. That wonderful hot, silky embrace gripped me. I groaned as I thrust into her. I fucked her hard. I buried over and over into my mom's pussy. 

Mrs. Best squeezed her tits. Then she shoved a hand down to her pussy and masturbated her cunt. She fingered her twat while I buried my cock over and over into Mom's pussy. She held me tight. She gripped me with such passion.

I groaned, pumping away hard and fast at my mother's cunt. I fucked her with passion. I buried to the hilt in her again and again. I groaned, her pussy holding me tight. It was fantastic to enjoy. My face twisted with pleasure.

I loved this. I loved it so much.

Mom! I groaned. Your pussy is amazing!

Her cunt clenched down on my cock. Mmm, and Mama loves your big dick fucking her. She slid her hands down and grabbed my ass. Pound Mama's cunt!

Yes, yes, pound your mother! moaned Mrs. Best, her fingers plunging in and out of her cunt as she watched on with blue eyes.

I groaned and kissed my mother hard on the lips. Her breasts pillowed against my chest, her nipples hard. Her fingers dug into my ass as I drove my cock into her as hard as I could. Mom liked to be pounded like a whore. Her pussy clenched about me.

Every thrust into her swelled that ache at the tip of my cock. I shuddered, my heart hammering in my chest as I fucked her with passion. I plunged deep and hard into her over and over again. It was incredible to feel.

Just amazing to be in my mother.

I loved her.

I fucked her hard.

She moaned and shuddered beneath me as her pussy brought me closer and closer to cumming. To spurting all that jizz into her. I groaned as our lips worked together. Mrs. Best whimpered beside us, the wet plunge of her fingers into her cunt making such obscene sounds.

As I drew back my dick, Mom broke our kiss and squealed, Mama's cumming!

Her pussy convulsed around my cock as I plunged back into her snatch. I gasped as her hot flesh rippled around my cock. The wonderful heat surged up my dick. My balls tightened. I groaned, my heart pounding in my chest.

Fuck! I moaned and erupted.

I flooded my mother's pussyher womb! with my cum. I groaned, the incestuous rush of cumming in my mother sweeping over me. I groaned, stars burst across my vision as her hungry pussy suckled at me.

Yes, yes, flood Mama's pussy! she moaned, her cunt milking my cock.

My balls emptied themselves into her snatch. Pleasure slammed into my mind. I trembled on her, loving her pussy massaging my spurting dick. I groaned as the ecstasy carried me to such heights. I soared through forbidden rapture.

Mom! I groaned. I love you!

I kissed her as I fired the last of my cum into her pussy. Mrs. Best squealed in orgasmic delight beside us as my mom held me tight. Arms, legs, and cunt all wrapped about me. I savored her wonderful embrace. This was amazing.

Mom broke the kiss and cooed, You're always going to be my little boy, right?

Yes, Mama, I groaned. That belt had changed me. Changed the world. Damn. I kissed my mother again, luxuriating in the bliss of cumming in her. Maybe even breeding her. 

To be continued...
