WARNING: This text file contains material of an adult,
explicit, possibly VIOLENT sexual nature. If you are
uncomfortable reading material of this kind, please
delete this file immediately. Under no circumstances is
this file to be read or poessessed by persons under 21
years of age.
-------------------------------------------------------


Besvaarligskramlandepitt (M/f*, best, rape)
by Liam an Scribhneoir

There was once a miller who was poor but happy, but he had a beautiful daughter who always wanted more. Though he loved her, he could find no way to buy her all that she demanded, and he became very distraught. It happened one day that he came to have audience with the king. On his way there, as he 
passed a forest, a grizzly old man appeared to him, and told him to tell the king that his daughter Milis could spin straw into gold. His audience with the king went badly until he mentioned that his daughter who could spin straw into gold.

The king grinned happily, and said to the miller, "That is an art that pleases me well. Bring thy daughter to my castle to-morrow, that I may put her to the proof."

When the girl was brought to him, the king led her into a room that was full of straw, gave her a wheel and spindle, and said, "Now set to work. If by dawn thou hast not spun this straw to gold thou shalt die and thy father too." He shut and locked the door himself, and left her there alone.

So the miller's greedy daughter was left there sitting, and could not think what to do for her life; she had 
no notion how to set to work to spin gold from straw, and her distress grew so great that she began to 
weep. Suddenly, there was a knocking at the rooms door. The the door opened, and in came a grizzled old 
little man arranging his pants. His skin was nut brown and very wrinkled, and there was a scattering of 
.beard hairs on his chin He said, "Good evening, miller's daughter." He doffed his hat, displaying a totally 
bald pate. "Why are you crying?"

"Oh!" answered the girl, "I must spin straw into gold or my father and I will be killed, but I dont know 
how.

The little man asked, "What will you give me if I spin it for you?"

"My ruby necklace," said the girl.

The little man took the necklace, seated himself before the wheel, and whirr, whirr, whirr! three times 
round and the bobbin was full; then he took up another, and whirr, whirr, whirr! three times round, and 
that was full; and so he went on till the morning, when all the straw had been spun, and all the bobbins 
were full of gold. At dawn came the king, and when he saw the gold he was astonished and very much 
rejoiced, for he was very avaricious. He had the miller's daughter taken into another room bigger than the 
prior but also with straw. He told her that as she valued her life she must spin it all into gold in one night. 
The girl did not know what to do, so she began to cry, and then the door opened, and the little man 
entered again and said, "What will you give me if I spin all this straw into gold?"

"The golden and emerald ring from my finger," answered the girl.

So the little man took the ring, and began again to send the wheel whirring round, and by dawn all the 
straw was spun into glistening gold. The king was rejoiced beyond measure at the sight, but as he could 
never have enough of gold, he had the miller's daughter taken into a still larger room full of straw, and 
said, "This, too, must be spun in one night, and if you accomplish it, I shall make you my wife." For he 
thought {{She is but a miller's strumpet daughter, but I am not likely to find anyone else in the whole 
world who can make me richer.}}

As soon as the girl was left alone, the little man appeared for the third time and said, "What will you give 
me if I spin the straw for you this time?"

"I have nothing left to give," answered the girl.

"Oh, but you do." said the grizzled old man, his eyes twinkling as he stared at a spot a hand's width below 
her waist. "You have something far more precious than your mother's necklace and ring. You must give it 
to me before I will spin this roomful of straw into gold. 

"Whatever it is, you may have it." said Milis. "I will give it to you freely."

The old man chuckled evilly. "Then you must remove all your clothes immediately."

"You wish my clothes?"

"No, fool, but I cannot take what you have given me until you have done so." 

With a confused look on her face, the girl began removing her dress.

"Continue! Take off everything."

Finally, Milis stood naked before him, her breasts no more than small bumps and her belly flat like that of 
a camel. Only a bit of peach fuzz covered her otherwise bald cunt.
 
"Now, you must lie on your bed with your knees up and your legs apart." She did as he bid.

The old man removed his pants. His pecs were flaccid, his brown body thin and boney and as wrinkled as 
his face, and his buttock's sagged like empty sacks; but  from his crotch sprang a cock fully as thick and 
as long as his forearm and as hard as a table leg. He climbed on the bed and between Milis's legs. Placing 
the tip of his cock against the lips of her cunt. he pushed. His cock head forced its way through her slit, 
past her inner lips until it touched her hymen. 

"Do you feel that, my dear? That is thy precious maidenhead." He thrust forward, tore through her hymen, 
and the girl whimpered in pain. "Or should I say, that was thy precious maidenhead." He grinned evilly as 
he forced more and more of his cock in her until the head battered her cervix. "Ah, and now to your inner 
chamber." He pushed and pushed, and eventually forced the head of his cock into and past her cervix so 
that it lay within her uterus, whereupon Milis screamed and made to pull away. 

"No my dear. If you pull away, then the deal is off, and I leave immediately."

"No, you promised to spin the straw into gold." She whined between sobs 

"I will, but you must allow me to finish with you first."

She did as he bid, and lay there as he humped her, the head on his long cock never pulling back through 
her cervix. Soon, his breath drew short and his thrusts faster. Then, suddenly, he howled in triumph as his 
seed spilled deep in her young fertile uterus. 

He withdrew, put back on his pants, and spun the large room of straw into gold before dawn. When in the 
morning the king came and found all done according to his wish, he ordered the wedding to be held at 
once, and the miller's pretty daughter Milis became a queen. During the wedding night, the king noticed 
that she did not bleed when he penetrated her, but thought to himself "No matter. T'is more important that 
she can spin straw into gold."

Not long after the marriage, Milis notice that her clothes had become tight. When she mentioned this to 
her handmaidens, they twittered but explained nothing as if it were all some private joke. Eventually the 
king noticed, smiled, and said "Ah, my queen, you are with child."

"But how, my lord?" 

"Do you remember our wedding night when I put my royal cock inside you? Well, I planted my seed in 
your belly that night, and now it grows into my child." Milis was horrified as she remembered that was 
what the grizzled old man had done to her two days before the wedding. After eight more months had 
passed, the castle was filled with the queen's screams as she labored to birth the child in her belly. When 
the royal physician beheld the child, a look of horror appeared on his face. Likewise, when he backed 
away and all the court could see, they too had looks of horror, for there, instead of a pink baby, law a little 
brown wrinkled creature. When Milis saw it, she knew at once that it was the grizzled old man's child. 

The king was furious, and the royal theologians insisted that queen Milis was cursed by God for 
consorting with the devil. The king had Milis and the child locked away, and he ordered her to spin all the 
straw brought to her into gold. Alone excepting her ugly babe, the girl wept bitter tears. Had she not set 
eyes on the kings bounty, none of this would have happened.

Suddenly, the grizzled old man appeared a fourth time, and asked "How is my child?".

"What can I give you to spin this straw into gold?" she asked him in a pitiful voice.

"You have nothing that I need." he sneered.

"What of thy son?"

"I shall soon have him as the king does not want him and you shall be dead."

"Then I shall kill thy son." Milis threatened

The old man laughed "Do that and thy God shall send thee to Hell, and I shall tell the devil to take thee as 
his backdoor whore."

"I shall tell the king that thou did it all!"

"And who am I? What is my name? I shall give thee 6 guesses."

"Erikoispitkaekalu? Immenkalvotuhoaja? Hedelmllinenkynaejae?"

"I am all those and more, but none of those are my name."

"Kultakieppuja? Seinienlaepikaevelijae? Rumavanhamies?"

"I am all those and more, but none of those are my name. You have mistaken me for Finnish. I am in fact 
Swedish, which you should have known from the large size of my cock. The king will never believe you, 
you shall die, and I will have our son." The grizzled old man left, the prison door clanging shut behind 
him. 

Milis looked forlornly at the pile of hay, thought of what fate belay her as the wrinkled brown babe 
suckled at her breasts. He broke into tears again, even louder than before.

A guard heard her, opened the peep-hole into her cell, and ordered "Stop that. No one hurts you."

"But the king will have me killed."

"Is that so?" He leered at her through the peep-hole. "Perhaps I can help you. I could sneak you out tonight and you could run back to your family."

"Oh, kind sir, I would bless you for that."

"Then I shall see you tonight." he said and shut the hole.

Deep in the night, as the whole castle slept, the guard returned and entered her cell. He threw off his clothes and fell on Milis. She fought, but he was stronger. Holding her down, he forced his hard cock up her cunt and fucked her viciously until he shot his load deep inside her. As he redressed himself, he said "You are a nothing but a royal whore." and left. He told the other guards, who came one by one to visit her in her cell, each fucking her and spilling his seed in the royal cunt before the cock crowd the next morning. 

When the king called for her, the next morning, Milis did not care what was done to her. Angered that the hay lay untouched, he ordered that she and her father be beheaded in the castle square at mid-day. Their heads rolled, and the king had them stuck on pikes at the gate to his castle as warning to those who lie to the king. He further ordered that the child be abandoned in the forest.

No sooner was the child left in the forest than the old man appeared and picked it up. The child mewed happily. 

END
*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
The author does not condone abuse or illegal activities. 
This story is meant as an erotic fantasy not real life. 
Anyone acting out such scenarios in "real life" can 
look forward to many years as a convict in their local 
prison.
*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*=*-*