Author: mypenname3000
Title: The God's Passionate Love Book Three: The Paladin's Passion, Chapter Four: Negotiating Booty
Summary: Ahlona has to pay for ship's passage!
Keywords: HF MF fantasy magic anal rim femdom oral

Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to WRC264 for beta reading this.

Ahlona  Sher-Vex, The Kingdom of Valya

Wings flapping, I took to the air and flew over Lake Tur. The dark waters rippled beneath me as I aimed myself at Sher-Vex. The brightest patch on the lakeshore. It had to be the city that we'd sailed from this morning.

The rage was building in me again. Bryce Cartith infuriated me. He wanted to kill Pater. He tricked us. Tried to murder my Stefan. Angry wings flapped hard as I soared over the lake. I itched to summon my sword and just go after the Mermaid's Tickler. They had to be sailing west. We knew his destination. 

The arrogance of the man.

And Lagu supported him? That made no sense. Why would the Goddess of Law countenance the murder of her own father? She should oppose this. And how had Bryce masked himself from any divination? What foul acts had he committed to prepare for this task?

All because his wife had enjoyed the Father of All? 

He should have been honored that Pater chose his wife to sleep with. She must have been a rare beauty to attract the God's lusts. Look at Stefan, the son Bryce could have raised and nurtured and molded into a man. A son Bryce could have been proud of.

Instead, he had acted out of jealous spite. He had done so much harm. He had murdered the woman he professed to love. My teeth ground together. My halo blazed. I must look like an avenging star from below.

Good.

The city of Sher-Vex came closer and closer. The fuzzy patch of light grew more distinct. Individual lights appeared, the various lit windows and lanterns moving through the streets as the port city stayed alive. Sailors carousing while in the dock. It was a major port. Lake Tur had access to the ocean via the Equath River. I would find a ship to get my Stefan off the island and back on our quest.

We had the villain. We'd traveled with him for days. He had convinced us he was on our side.
I screamed as I descended down to the docks. The ships were appearing into clearer view. The fishing boats and trading vessels. I ignored the piers with the smaller crafts and aimed for the sloops and schooners docked at the commercial wharf.

My wings flapped hard. I lowered myself to the end of the quay. A man lounging on the stern of a ship peered down at me. He had a bottle in his hand. He stared at it, swirling it around. Then he glanced down at me.

You real? he grunted.

I am, she said. Is your shipmaster available?

The man blinked and stared at her with a dull face. Then his brow furrowed like he pondered mighty words and not a simple question. You mean the cap'n? He finally grunted. Don't know no shipmaster.

Yes, yes, the captain, I said, folding my wings around my body.

S'not here. Try the Blue Fable. He's probably cock-deep in a whore. The man grinned. Wouldn't mind gettin' cock deep in you. Pretty. Got pretty wings. And I got a pretty cock.

The Blue Fable? I smiled. Are there other captains there?

The man shrugged. Stuck on watch, I is. So... He started unlacing his britches. Let me slide it in that pretty pussy you got. I bet it's just beaut'ful. 

I'm afraid your key doesn't fit my lock, I said and marched ahead.

Don't know till we try! he shouted. The sound of cloth falling rustled behind me. See. It ain't even that big. You don't gotta be frightened.

I snorted in laughter, the cool feel of my chastity belt snug across my pussy lips. Even if I were tempted, which I wasn't, he could never get his dick through the little slit in the covering. The key to my modest protection lay out on the island.

I passed more drunken sailors who all leered at my body and, in between their propositions; I found directions to the Blue Fable. It lay not far away, just a block into the city. The flickering light bled through cheap windows made of some sort of animal skin scraped so thin it was translucent. Singing and laughing echoed from inside.

I stepped in and eyes fell on me. With my halo glowing and my wings wrapped around my body, I stood out. Men set down tankards. One dropped the woman sitting half-naked on his lap as he stood up. She gasped, her blue tits jiggling.

Illth pox your cock, Jevrix! she snarled as she glared at him.

Vedr's queef, yous an angel, one sailor said, sitting on a trestle before a long, rectangular table crowded with others. You here to make my dreams come true.

Doubtful, I said. I'm looking for any ship captains. Adventurous ones who aren't afraid of danger.

Where you wanna go, one man said. He stood up, his potbelly thrusting out over his pantaloons. He had a deep azure to his skin which had a waxy look to it, a strange gleam. My Gushing Wave can go anywhere you want. You can stay nice 'n safe in my cabin.

The Black Island, I said. I have companions who...

The mood changed in the tavern. Everyone looked away. The man's face paled. It confused me. Why did they balk at sailing there? I had spent the day there. Men looked away from me. The captain of the Gushing Wave sat back down. 

Ain't no one sailin' out there, he said. They're dangerous shoals around that island. The winds can come up. And it's death to set foot on the island. Everyone knows that. It's a Goddess's island. Not for us mortals to tread.

I'm a demigoddess, I declared, unfurling my wings. My golden halo blazed bright. I will keep you safe from any danger.

Ain't got no reason to sail near there, another man said. He had a scar across his cheek and a balding head. I can take you to Baumoth. That's where I'm sailin' next.

I need to go to the Black Island and then to Southern Althos, I said, leaving out any mention of the Black Spire. Why frightened them more. My companions are stranded on the Black Island. The Mermaid's Tickler stranded them.

Then they won't last until morning, said the man.

Why? I asked. I was on that island all day. There is nothing threatening there. Just some wildlife.

Well, they say Cernere herself slits the throat of any who trespass on her island, he said. She crawls out of her Black Vault and goes around sneakin' all sneaky like. And when she finds trespassers, why, she pounces on 'em.

I rolled my eyes. Cernere's a thief, not an assassin.

Still, I ain't offendin' the Goddess of Crime by goin' anywhere near her island. Next time I'm in port, like as not, thieves'll steal everything on my boat. Don't want that to be happenin'.

Everyone in the room nodded.

I sighed and headed out into the night.

It was a frustrating and long one. 

I went from tavern to ship, talking to captains and crews. I cajoled, pleaded, and insulted, hoping anger and preserving their masculine pride would get them to act. None of it did. Tears didn't work. Promises of vast wealth. Unearthly pleasures. Nothing. All the local sailors were terrified of the place.

Frustration mounted. The eastern horizon grew brighter as I worked my way near the end of the dock. If I wasn't an immortal demigoddess who didn't need to eat or sleep, I might have grown weary from the search. I was running out of boats to check. Only one more set of quays, three ships.

Then I'd have to try fisherman just to get Illina and Stefan off the island. I was hoping to find a ship that could sail in pursuit of the villains immediately after recovering my companions. All these cowardly men offended me. It was so infuriating.

The second ship here looked different from the others. It had only a single mast and no bow sprint, the spar thrusting off the front. It looked low to the water. Almost dangerously so. It unnerved me. The craft wasn't made of wood, either. The material was hard to determine, but it looked too shiny for wood.

And it was a mix of pink and purple, the boards that constructed the hull forming a patchwork of colors. A woman lounged on the stern deck. I almost thought she was Valyan because of her blue skin, but it was more a turquoise. Her hair was sea-green, not black, and her body appeared to be dripping wet like she'd just taken a dip in the lake even though she looked like she hadn't moved in hours.

Hello, I called.

The woman opened her eyes and stood up. She wore a skimpy top that looked made of tanned fish scales, metallic silver and gleaming. A matching loincloth dangled between her shapely legs. She was the first woman I'd seen on a ship.

Well, well, well, the woman said, her accent different from the Valyans. It had purr to it. An angel. You a little far from the Adamant Palace, aren't you?

A little, I said. I'm looking to hire a boat. I have friends stranded out on the Black Island.

Dangerous currents around there, she said. You have to be careful about taking a boat near them. Lots of submerged rocks.

I blinked at that. Captain Artix of the Mermaid's Tickler hadn't mentioned that. Then again, he was besotted with Alloria's pussy and would do anything to make her happy. He probably didn't care about the dangers.

Still, my friends are there, and we have gold. I swallowed. Then we need passage to Southern Althis.

Interesting, she said. I'm Azure, the captain of the River Whisper. Come aboard, and let's talk.

Aye, captain, I said. That was what all the sailors kept saying on the Mermaid's Tickler. Aye. 

I flapped my wings and jumped. I launched myself up into the air and in moments was settling down beside her, my naked breasts heaving before me. Her eyes flicked me up and down while her loincloth twitched.

I frowned at that. Something was swelling beneath her and... You're a nixie.

I am, she said, her girl-cock growing hard beneath her loincloth. The swelling member pushed the dangling fish scales to the side and thrust out of at me, as azure as her skin. The captain grinned as she looked me up and down. An angel on an adventure. That is intriguing.

I'm glad it percolates your interest, I said. I have been finding it difficult to hire a captain. They're all...

As scared of going to the island as barnacles facing the scraping knife? she asked.

Er, I suppose, I said. Will you have the courage to go there?

Well, she said, her eyes flicking me up and down. For gold and one more thing.

My cheeks blazed. As you can see, I am wearing a chastity belt. I do not have the key for it. That belongs to my lover. I was given to him by Slata.

Lucky man, said the nixie. She licked her lips. Turn around. Let me have a look at you.

Willing to give her some thrills if it would mean rescuing Stefan, I did. I turned, my breasts swaying. I felt her eyes on my ass. The chastity belt didn't cover my crack. It was a simple belt of solid gold with a flange that thrust down to cup my hairless pubic mound and pussy lips. It ended at my taint.

Her hands grabbed at my ass. They were soft and feminine. Mmm, that's a nice derrire you have, angel.

I'm glad you find it stimulating, I said as her fingers dug into it. As you can see, my pussy is locked up. I can't give that to you.

I'll settle for your asshole. She pressed her cock into my butt-crack. For now. I'll take your asshole as payment to go out to the Black Island. Then I can negotiate with your lover for access to other parts of you. It'll be a long voyage. Days and days of travel. I need to have my amusements. And my crew, too. An angel...

Are they all nixies? I asked.

Every single one of them, she said. They're all ashore getting their dicks wet in the whores. Valyan women love a nice girl-dick, don't they? Lets them enjoy all their perverse delights that their men just can't give them.

I bit my lip, her cock in the crack of my asshole. When Stefan and I were in the Ten-It forest, he had let the hermaphroditic elves enjoy my body. We had fun with them. It wasn't like she was a man. She was a woman who just happened to have a cock. I groaned as that dick throbbed between my butt-cheeks.

You can enjoy my asshole, I moaned and bent over, grabbing the railing before me. The sun was cracking the horizon before me, a disk of liquid gold peeking out into the world.

Mmm, delicious, she said, her wet hands stroking me. Let me get it nice and ready.

She crouched behind me as I trembled there. Then she parted my butt-cheeks. I gasped at that. Her head nuzzled into my ass-crack, her cheeks wet. Nixies were always wet. It was a strange property of theirs. Matar had given birth to five hermaphroditic races, one each of the five elements: earth, wind, fire, water, and life. Elves were life, dragons fire, gnomes earth, sylphs wind, and nixies water.

I groaned as Azure's tongue danced over my asshole. My butt-cheeks clenched about her damp face as she caressed me. My wings fluttered. My halo pulsed with delight. Pleasure rippled through my body. My pussy grew juicier, feeling the chastity belt against my swelling vulva. 

My arousal grew in the depths of my cunt as that naughty angel licked and lapped at my pussy. She swirled her tongue around, caressing me. I squeezed my eyes shut and loved every moment of what she was doing to me. It was incredible. I groaned, clenching my butt-cheeks around her face.

Mmm, that's a tasty ass, angel, Azure moaned, her fingers digging into my butt-cheeks.

Ahlona, I moaned. That's what Slata named me.

Mmm, a demigoddess's asshole, groaned the nixie. What a delight.

She swirled her tongue around my asshole again, dancing it across my puckered sphincter. I groaned, my pussy growing hotter and hotter. Wings twitched. I closed my eyes, the rising sun's warmth bathing over my face and jiggling tits.

Then Azure pressed her tongue against my asshole. She wiggled against it, pushing right on that naughty hole. I gasped, my wings flapping harder as she thrust against my anal ring. She wiggled it. Drilled against it.

My sphincter surrendered.

Azure! I moaned. The Divine Spark's rapture, yes!

Her tongue wiggled into my bowels. She swirled around in me. I savored the stimulating caress teasing my anal depths. She was getting me nice and wet for her girl-dick. The excitement in me swelled. My hair rustled about my face.

My back arched, tits jiggling before me. I bit my lip against the delight sweeping out of my asshole. My pussy drank it all in, growing hotter and juicier. The slit in my chastity belt must be dripping with my cream right now.

Such a tasty asshole, groaned Azure. Mmm, angelic booty. What a delight.

I'm glad you're enjoying it, I moaned. Your tongue is delicious.

Wait until you get my cock in you, she said. You're going to love it.

I bet, I moaned.

She slid her right hand down my butt-cheeks and in between my legs. She caressed over my taint and found the chastity belt. I felt her pressing the gold against my pussy lips as she slid forward and found the slit.

I groaned as her fingertip just fit through the gap and tickled my cuntlips. Her mouth latched onto my asshole. She sucked on it. I gasped at the naughty sensation. My pussy clenched, aching to be filled, but she could just tease my labia with her digit.

The sucking sounds echoed behind me, wet plops as she nursed on my asshole. My sphincter throbbed and ached. Then she danced her tongue around it and thrust it back into my asshole. She wiggled it in deep into my bowels.

Creation's passion! I moaned. Yes, yes, that's delicious, Azure!

My wings flapped harder as my orgasm built and built from her licking my naughty asshole. She had her tongue deep in me, soaking my bowels in her saliva. I moaned, my pussy aching. Her finger stroked up and down. My clit throbbed against the gold, aching to be touched.

My butt-cheeks gripped her face. Her tongue danced inside of me. I threw back my head. My orgasm built faster and faster. Her touch was delicious. I whimpered. My breasts bounced, kissed by the morning sunlight.

Azure! I gasped. Oh, Azure, yes! The Divine Spark's rapture!

My orgasm exploded through me.

My butt-cheeks squeezed about her face as I trembled in ecstasy. This incredible rapture flowed through me. My pussy convulsed. Juices gushed out of my cunt and soaked my chastity belt. They spilled over my thighs and ran hot down them. 

My asshole spasmed around her tongue.

Yes, yes! I moaned, my breasts heaving into the rising sun. You've gotten my asshole nice and ready!

She swirled her tongue a final time through my asshole, my pussy writhing about it. The pleasure rippled through my body. I leaned over the railing, staring down at the lake water washing against the strange purple and pink hull of the ship. Stars danced, bursting with delight.

Then Azure ripped her mouth from my asshole. She rose up, her cock smacking into my chastity belt covering my pussy. She groaned as she rubbed it over the metal, pressing it into my aroused vulva. I shivered as the tip reached my taint and then my asshole.

I was certain my Stefan would forgive me. It was a hermaphrodite's cock. A woman's.

Mmm, angel booty, moaned Azure. She pushed her girl-dick forward, her wet hands gripping my hips. 

I groaned, my tingling asshole surrendering to her cock. I threw a look over my shoulder to see her breasts jiggling. She had taken off her top at some point; her large breasts swayed. They were gleaming in the morning sunlight, water beading on her dark-blue nipples. She had a wicked smile on her face, her sea-green hair shimmering around her naughty expression.

She thrust harder.

I gasped as her girl-dick slid into my bowels. My toes curled. The hermaphrodite slid her dick deeper and deeper into my asshole. My velvety anal sheath gripped her cock and drank in the wonderful heat created by its passage. It melted down to my pussy.

I shuddered, my toes curling. It was amazing to enjoy. I whimpered and groaned, loving every second of it. This amazing bliss surged through me. I would have such a wonderful orgasm on her dick. I groaned, drinking it in.

Yes, yes, yes, Azure! I moaned. Fuck me with your nixie-dick!

Your angel ass is going to melt on my dick! she moaned, slamming hard into me.

Her boobs smacked wetly together. I heard the sound echoing behind me while her crotch smacked into my rump. I groaned, squeezing down around her girl-dick as she sodomized me again and again. She drove that wonderful dick into the depths of my asshole hard and fast. The pleasure surged through me. It was outstanding. I loved it. I wiggled my hips, taking her dick over and over again.

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned, biting my lip. Oh, that's good. Oh, yes, yes, slam that cock into me. Ooh, yes, you're going to make me explode. Creation's passion!

Your tight, little angel ass is going to cum on my dick? Azure asked. Her hands slid around my body to grab my jiggling tits. She gripped them, massaging them with her wet palms. 

So hard! I moaned, my wings flapping. Ooh, yes, yes, fuck me. Isn't my ass worth sailing around the world?

Almost! she groaned. I bet that angel pussy is, though.

Mmm, good, I moaned. Yes, yes, just ram that girl-dick into me. Fuck me with that big nixie-cock!

My asshole squeezed down around her. I gripped her with my aching bowels. I rammed back into her. My butt-cheeks smacked into her crotch. They rippled from the impact. The pleasure surged around me. Delight rippled through my body. 

My pussy dripped juices. They spilled down my thighs. I groaned, my asshole clenching down on her girl-dick. My breasts jiggled. The ecstasy swelled in my twat. My naughty cunt drank in the heat of her big cock reaming me.

Matar's big dick! she moaned. Yes, yes, take my cock, angel! Oh, yes, you love it! You love my big hermaphrodite-cock plowing into your asshole!

I do! I moaned, her fingers digging into my breasts.

I thrust my ass back out at her. I smacked my rump into her crotch. The slaps of our flesh echoed. Her boobs heaved. Drops of water dripped on my back. Juices ran down my thighs, spilling through that narrow slit in my chastity belt.

My tits jiggled in her groping hands. Her wet digits slid up and found my fingers. She twisted them. I gasped at that wonderful delight. She tweaked them. Twerked them. I groaned as she drove her girl-dick hard into my bowels.

My hair danced around my shoulders. I whimpered and moaned, the sunlight bathing my face. The warmth caressed my skin as her delicious girl-dick plowed into my asshole. She hammered me hard and fast.

Matar's huge clit-dick! she gasped, pumping away. This ass! Angel booty!

Nixie-cock! I moaned.

My orgasm swelled faster and faster. I hurtled towards it, a more powerful one than her rimming had given me. I whimpered and moaned, squeezing about her dick plowing into me. She buried into me with force. She fucked me with passion.

It was incredible to enjoy. I shuddered, reveling in every minute of it. I clenched my bowels around that dick burying into me. I whimpered and moaned. I leaned over the railing. I shuddered in delight. It was incredible to feel. To experience.

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned. Oh, that's good. That's amazing. I'm going to cum so hard! Yes, yes, yes!

Do it! she moaned. Just explode. Cum on my girl-dick, angel!

The Divine Spark's rapture! I howled as she pinched my nipples. She twisted them hard. My bowels clenched about her thrusting dick.

The friction sent heat melting straight to my pussy. I gasped, my body trembling. Then my pussy convulsed. The pleasure burst inside of me. Waves of heat washed through me. I groaned, my bowels writhing around her girl-dick slamming to the hilt in me. The pleasure flowed through me.

I exploded.

My pussy convulsed. My asshole went wild around her girl-cock. She gasped as she slammed that thick clit-dick to the hilt in my writhing bowels. Waves of rapture swept through my body. My halo burst as bright as the sun while my wings flapped.

Creation's passion! I cried out, ecstasy drowning my mind.

Matar's big dick and salty cum! she moaned and rammed to the hilt in me. Yes!

Hot jizz pumped over and over into my bowels. I groaned at the jizz flooding into my bowels. I swayed there, drinking it in. I groaned, the pleasure sweeping through my mind. It drowned my thoughts. I groaned, my asshole writhing around her shaft. Spasming. I shuddered, my pussy juices gushing out of my pussy.

She groaned as she dumped more and more of her cum into my convulsing asshole. My bowels milked her spurting girl-dick. I savored the bliss swirling through my mind, rapid currents of ecstasy that tumbled my thoughts.

Yes! I groaned, her wet fingers twisting my nipples. You're going to sail for us. Help us save Pater!

The nixie froze, her cock spurting a final time. What?

This is such an important quest, I moaned, panting. Oh, captain, we have to sail as soon as possible.

She stared at me. Let me dig my crew out of the brothel.

Yes, I panted and then groaned as she ripped her girl-dick out of me.

I started out at the rising sun, fully above the horizon now. My hands stroked the railing of the ship, sliding over the strange, smooth material. It was almost like volcanic stone. It was so strange. How could this ship float?

Well, it didn't matter. This was the vessel that would sail us after the dastardly Bryce. My sword flashed into existence in my hand. I couldn't wait to ram it through his stomach. I would impale him in the same spot he stabbed my Stefan. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Stefan  The Black Island, The Kingdom of Valya

After Ahlona left, the night's chill descended. With a belly full of her pussy juices from eating her out, I had more than enough magic to attend to my blue robes. I dried them out and pulled out the bloodstains, separating the particles from the fibers. Then I wove the torn stitching back together, mending it like it had never been pierced by Bryce's sword.

It was simple work. As I did, Illina stood near me with the dagger in her hand. The blade gleamed in the moonlight as she breathed. Other than that, she didn't seem to be moving. Even to really be seeing me.

Do you want me to repair your toga? I asked her.

She didn't answer.

Illina, I can dry your toga and repair it. You can't wear that. It's...

She blinked and then looked down. Her blood stained the cloth from where she'd been stabbed. The white cloth was bedraggled. Her brow furrowed like she was confused about how her garment had gotten so ruined.

Right, she said softly.

Without letting go of the dagger, She unwound the toga from about her body. The cloth swayed heavily in patches. I guessed those were spots where she had hidden pockets to contain her various thieving gear and alchemical concoctions. She revealed her naked body, blue blood staining down her side and hip, rivulets even dripping towards her pussy.

With gentle care, I stroked my magic up her body. I used a combination of water, air, and life to clean the blood off of her. She didn't seem to notice. Then I turned to her toga, doing the same. I slid my magic over it, using earth to help draw out the blood from the fibers along with water. Soon, I had her toga clean and mended with life.

That's useful, she said as I set the robe back down with a gentle bit of air magic.

Just a basic cantrip they teach novices, I said, shrugging. I glanced at the knife. I swallowed. Dauthaz's Dagger. One scratch was enough to kill anyone. And she just held it. Perhaps I should make you a scabbard for that. It's, uh, not safe. You don't want to accidentally cut yourself.

She glanced at me, standing naked before me. You want to fuck me.

Her words were such a non sequitur that my mind tripped over them. Thoughts lurching, I gasped, What?

You got me naked, she said, standing there. You want to fuck me, don't you?

No, that's not why I offered to fix your clothing. I wanted to help you, Illina. You can get dressed now.

What's wrong? she asked, facing me with raw pain in her green eyes. Am I not sexy? Is there something wrong with me?

Of course not, I said. Listen, you're grieving. That can

She lunged at me, knife flashing in her hand. Fear shot through me, my mind fumbling to gather my magic and lash out at her. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Illina

I didn't understand what I was doing. Why I was saying these words or why I lunged at him. I was so confused. Lost. I just wanted all this pain to go away. Why did Barg have to die? Why did he have to leave me alone?

Stefan cursed as I grabbed him by his brown hair with my left hand, my right gripping Dauthaz's Dagger. I hauled his head between my thighs and ground his mouth right against my pussy. I let his goatee growing around his lips caress my vulva. The whiskers rasped so wonderfully on my cuntlips. Sensations rippled through me.

Eat my pussy! I hissed, hand tightening on the dagger. Why was I doing this? I just lost Barg. Now! Make me cum!

Illina, he groaned as I ground my cunt on his mouth and cheeks. His goatee caressed rough over my sensitive flesh. 

Please! I moaned, my back arching, my round breasts jiggling before me. Eat my cunt and make me cum!

His tongue flicked out through my folds. It lacked bold confidence. I shuddered anyways, savoring the delight of being touched. Pleasure. I closed my eyes and let his tongue swab over my pussy lips again and again.

He licked and lapped. He caressed me with bold strokes. He knew how to eat out women. He was a male mage, trained at the Collegiate Tower. He worshiped cunts. Had devoured so many pussies to collect his fuel for his magic.

His tongue knew just where to lick me. Stroke me. My nervous system conducted the bliss throughout my body. It was outstanding. I savored every bit of it. I groaned, trembling there as his tongue danced through my folds.

Yes! I groaned, the dagger blade waving in the air. Just like that, Stefan. That's it. Eat me. Oh, yes, yes, drive it back!

My heart's rhythm increased. The gears in my mind clicked to the beat of his tongue's lashings. My nervous system spread that pleasure through my body. I groaned, my breasts jiggling. I squeezed my eyes shut and melted into his licking. 

His passion.

Stefan grabbed my rump. He held tight to my hips as he devoured me. He thrust his tongue into my pussy and stirred it around in my twat. He teased me. It was incredible. I loved every moment of it. This wonderful rapture surged through my body. 

Cernere's black cunt! I moaned. Get that tongue in me. Oh, yes, yes!

His tongue thrust into my pussy. He plundered my naughty vault. I groaned as he stirred around in me. He feasted on me with such passion. I shuddered, my hips grinding on him, smearing my hot twat on his rough goatee.

The pleasure rippled through my body. My nervous system drank it in like the hungry roots of a thirsty tree. I needed this. My ass clenched beneath his kneading hands. His tongue stroked up to my clit. He danced around it.

Yes, yes, Stefan! I moaned. Cernere's nimble fingers, that's it. Right there. Just lick me right there.

Illina, he groaned into my cunt.

I don't need pity! I hissed. I need pleasure. The dagger waved in my right hand. Make me explode!

He sucked on my clit. My pussy clenched at his sucking passion. It was incredible. I loved it. My hair danced around my head. The pleasure surged down through my body. I groaned, loving every moment of it. Every wonderful second of bliss that flowed through my body. 

It would be incredible. I would have such a huge climax. 

I shuddered, grinding my cunt on his hungry mouth and wiry goatee. I groaned, my body on fire. His tongue licked and lapped and devoured me. My hair danced around my shoulders. I shivered, my hips wiggling from side to side. 

Oh, Stefan! I groaned. Oh, yes, yes, Stefan. I'm going to cum so hard. I'm going to explode!

Good! he moaned, his tongue diving through my folds.

I squeezed my eyes closed. The wonderful pleasure surged through my cunt. I groaned, my pussy clenching as his hungry tongue swirled around my clit again. He sucked on my bud. I whimpered, my heart's rhythm pounding fast.

He nipped my clit with his teeth. Just a little flare of pain, but it was just what I needed.

I exploded.

My orgasm burst inside of my pussy. My cunt went wild, juices gushing out into the mage's mouth. He gulped them down. He drank all of my cream flooding out of me while I gasped and trembled. My breasts jiggled.

I gripped the dagger's hilt, the blade dancing in the air as I trembled through my bliss. Wave after wave of rapture swept through my nervous system and drowned the gears of my mind. They churned through the ecstasy.

Cernere's black cunt! I howled.

Illina, he growled between licks.

He lapped at my cuntlips. He gathered up my salty cream gushing out of me. The scent of my pussy filled my nose. I breathed it in as I trembled through my ecstasy. My breasts heaved as I hit that pinnacle.

Then it died down.

No! I gasped. More, I need more! I stared down at him. On your back, Mage. I want that cock in me! I need to cum on that dick.

His eyes glanced to my right hand. He shivered. Maybe you should

Now! I moaned, the pleasure already dying. Please, please, I need to cum again, Stefan. I want to fuck you! You want to fuck me! Stop making this complicated.

He pulled his face from my pussy and stared up into my eyes. Illina

Don't pity me! I hissed. I'm fine! Now get on your back! I want that cock in me!

He sighed and then leaned back on his back. He unbelted his blue robes and there it was. His cock. Big and strong. A demigod's cock. My pussy clenched. A wave of heat washed through my body as I threw myself down on him.

I'm fine! I ground my wet pussy into his shaft as I stared down at him. My left hand stroked his chest.

His eyes stared at my right hand.

Look at me! I'm a sexy woman grinding on your cock. At least give me attention.

He wrenched his gaze away from my hand. It's just... Look what you're holding, Illina.

What does it matter what I'm holding? I demanded, my pussy sliding up and down his dick. I swung my right hand in the air for emphasis, the blade swishing back and forth. What matters is my juicy cunt engulfing your hard cock.

I slid my pussy up to the tip of his dick. I groaned at his throbbing crown rubbing into my pussy lips. I pressed myself back. I pushed myself down that shaft. I groaned as I swallowed his dick. My back arched, my hair dancing around my shoulders.

I groaned in delight as I engulfed inch after inch of his cock. That wonderful dick filled up my pussy. I shuddered. His hot flesh stretched me out. I whimpered, my pussy clinging to his dick. He felt so amazing as I slid down his cock.

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned. Oh, that's it, Stefan. That's what I need.

Illina, he groaned, his dick throbbing in my pussy.

I rubbed my left hand up and down his chest as I savored his cock filling up my twat. My nervous system rejoiced, drinking in all the wonderful sensations flowing through me. I squirmed my hips, grinding them back and forth as I loved his dick being in me. That thick cock filled me up. He felt incredible in me.

I flexed my thighs. I rose up him. My cunt clenched on him. I groaned at the delightful feel of his dick in me. My pussy clenched around him as I rose up and up his dick. He groaned, his face twisting in delight as I reached the pinnacle of his cock.

Yes! I moaned, my right hand clenching tight on the handle.

I slammed my cunt down his dick. I took him to the hilt. He filled me up. The pleasure surged through my body. I squeezed my eyes shut and savored that bliss. My thoughts clicked in my mind while my pussy worked up and down his cock.

I rode him, clenching around his shaft every time I slid up him. He groaned, his moans mixing with my whimpering gasps. My hair danced around my shoulders. My tits jiggled. My right arm swished through the air as I impaled my cunt down his cock.

Cernere's black cunt, yes! I moaned, my back arching. This is what I need. Yes, yes, I'm going to cum on this dick!

Illina, he groaned, his voice throaty with pleasure. That wasn't pity. Oh, no, he was enjoying my hot cunt working up and down his dick. 

Mmm, you like that, don't you? I cooed. You're going to cum so hard in my cunt, aren't you?

Yes! Stefan groaned. Illina! Just put the dagger down and

I'm fine! I moaned, flexing my thighs.

My pussy gripped his dick. That wonderful feel of his cock caressing my pussy walls sent tingles racing through my nervous system. My entire body tingled from the delight brewing in my twat. My cunt squeezed about him, sucking at him.

He would cum in me. Spill all that seed in my pussy. I hungered for it as I slammed my cunt back down his cock. I took him to the hilt in me. It was amazing. I groaned, reveling in the heat of his dick spearing so far into me.

I loved every moment of it. This was the pleasure I needed. The heat that I craved. I groaned, my hips wiggling from side to side. I loved this delight. Rapture filled my nervous system. My thoughts whirred from the ecstasy building and building in my cunt.

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned.

Slata's tight and hairy cunt! he growled, his hands grabbing my hips. Illina.

Mmm, you're going to spill all that cum in me, aren't you? I moaned.

All my cum! he groaned.

I shuddered on him. I rose up his body, squeezing the entire time. He groaned, his face scrunching up. I slammed back down him. I took him to the hilt. I panted, the pleasure bursting through me. It was such a glorious passion. It was amazing. I breathed in heavily, reveling in every amazing moment of bliss that he gave me.

Illina, yes! Stefan groaned. Oh, Illina, that's amazing. That's outstanding. I'm going to cum so hard. I'm going to flood you.

Good! I moaned, my pussy clenching around his dick. I want that. I want you spurting in me. I want you firing all that cum into my pussy.

I will, he panted. All that cum. Just don't stop. Keep riding me. It's incredible.

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned, my pussy melting around his cock. Ooh, that's it. That's so good. Cernere's black cunt.

I slammed down him and he grunted. His cum fired into me.

I gasped at the heat of his seed pumping into my twat. My orgasm exploded through my body. I gasped out in ecstasy. My cunt went wild. My pussy convulsed around his shaft. Hot jizz flooded my body. My nervous system drank it in.

Spurt after spurt of his seed basted my cervix. My cunt convulsed, milking him. He grunted with each one. The knife flashed before me. I gripped it hard as I bucked on him. My tits heaved. My moans filled the night.

Cernere's black cunt! I moaned, my cunt spasming with wild passion.

But there was something missing. This cock didn't feel right. Where was the knot? Why wasn't Barg tied to

NOOOOO! ripped from my throat.

As my orgasm peaked through me, pain lanced through my soul.

You're not him! I howled and stabbed the knife down.

Stefan flinched as it buried into the dirt beside his head. I fell across his chest, pressing my face into his neck. His dick spurted more cum into my pussy as I sobbed. My barguest was gone. My sweet and loving Barg...

Give him back! I sobbed, my entire body shaking. 

I can't, Stefan whispered.

He held me as I sobbed my grief into his neck. He stroked my back as the pain consumed me. I would never get to hold Barg in my arms. Never get to feel him in me. Knotted to me. We would never get that special connection again.

I sobbed and sobbed, throat burning raw, tears choking my eyes.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Stefan Halian

I held Illina through her pain. I stroked her as she sobbed atop me. The stars wheeled overhead as the night passed. I just kept caressing her back, making soothing sounds. I didn't know what else to do. What else to say.

I had lost my mother. I remember how it had choked me. How the pain had sprung up on me when I didn't expect it. All I could tell her was that it grew easier. The pain became something that was there, lurking, but it didn't devour you. Time healed you. Slowly. Day by day. Month by month.

Year by year.

She wasn't ready to hear that. So I just held her until her crying stopped. Until her shuddering slowed.

I'm sorry, she whispered when it passed, lifting her tear-stained face.

It's okay, I told her. I smiled at her. We're friends, Illina. I'm here for you.

I just thought it would make it go away, she said. But it made it worse. You're not him.

No. I sighed. No one will ever be him, Illina.

She stared at me with raw, green eyes. I'm drowning. I don't know what I'm doing. This... I... I've never felt like this. Not even when my mother didn't come back. When I realized she'd died. I... I always knew I would lose her. But Barg... He was a thousand years old. He had lived so long. How could he die?

I'm sorry, I said. But we're going to find him and we're going to kill him. Together, Illina.

She stared into my eyes. Partners?

Partners, I said. He's going to pay for what he's done to us both.

Illina sighed and rolled off of me. She left the dagger buried in the ground for now. She stared up at the dark sky. It must be past midnight by now. How long before your angel gets here?

Who knows, I said. We're going to lose at least a day on him. Maybe more.

We'll make it up, she said. We know where he's going. 'When you know what your target will do, you have already stolen his wealth.'

Sounds like a saying, I said.

My mother's thirteenth rule. She had a lot of them. How to be a good thief. Things she learned. They're good advice.

I nodded.

We ended up dressing and sitting on the lakeshore. I made a fire with my magic, fueled by Illina's pussy juices still lingering in me. As we sat there, waiting for Ahlona, the night passing on its way towards dawn, my thoughts turned to the future.

I had to do something about the curse on me. Bryce could disable me with pain whenever he wanted. He had set me up, let me sleep with Monica so he could accuse me of violating his marital rights. Something to do with using Lagu for his marriage. I had to find a way to remove it. I thought about where we would be going.

Not a lot of civilization in Southern Althos. The Black Spire thrust over Dire Bay. Near it lay the Tribes of Ilt, barbarians who defied the kingdom of Althos to the north. On our way from this island, we'd sail down the Equath River and pass only small towns. 

No guarantee I'd meet a fellow mage down the river, if one of us could even remove it. Divine magic was something altogether different from magery. A priest or priestess of Lagu, maybe, but would we encounter one of her temples? They were rare, found only in large cities. What would we find with the barbarians?

Shamans?

That had potential.

The horizon grew light. Dawn had arrived. I stared out at the lake gleaming in the morning light. Today was the start of our new quest. The enemy was known. His destination, too. Illina, Ahlona, and I would run Bryce down, expose his villainy to Monica and Alloria, and then kill the bastard.

I grabbed my mother's amulet and held it tight in my hand. I would avenge her.

To be continued...
