Author: mypenname3000
Title: Mommy's Incubus Son Comes of Age Chapter Three: Free Use Little Sister's Cherry
Summary: Tony uses his mother to get his virignal sister ready to be deflowered!
Keywords: mf mFf Ff mc inc oral creampie A2M 1st exhib voy

Copywrite 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Tony Carter  Day 1

I loved the device I found on the internet. the Free-Use device that P made. It had turned every woman I met into free-use sluts, including my mother. She had let me fuck her in the ass at the counter. She was wearing nothing more than an apron as she set dinner on the table.

My little sister, Debbie, wore her hair in pigtails for me while I had fucked my bitch of a big sister in the mouth, dumping my cum straight down her belly. Dad had just watched the game while I had done all this, not caring. It was amazing. 

As I sat at the dinner table, my dick out and dirty from Mom's asshole, I knew I would love this. I smiled at my big sister sitting down at the table, her blonde hair spilling around her shoulders. She was a year old than me, seventeen. 

What are you doing, bitch? I asked. That's how I want to use you. To call you bitch.

Fine, T-dawg, she said to annoy me. I'm bitch.

Good, crawl beneath the table and suck my dick clean of Mom's ass. You can eat once you're done.

She just smiled and disappeared beneath the table as Mom sat to Dad's right. Let's say grace, Mom said as she took my hand while Dad took Debbie's hand. I took my little sister's, completing the circle. Would you like to say it, Tony?

Sure, Mom. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Barbie Carter

I settled in the dark beneath the table and found my brother's hard cock. The sour musk of Mom's asshole filling my nose. I licked my dweeb of a little brother's dick. He was such a roach. A nerdy creep who hid in his room all the time.

But I was glad that he chose to use me. I was even glad he called me bitch. However Tony wanted to use me was A-OK. I couldn't call him roach or creep or other names, so I went with T-dawg. That was still annoying him, and he hadn't told me not to.

Lord, my brother prayed as my tongue dragged up his sour cock, the earthy flavor melting over my taste buds. Thank you for the free-use device that's turned Mom and Barbie and Mrs. Schmidt and that woman at the park into my free-use sluts. I'm so glad to be able to enjoy any woman I want however I want it.

I purred in delight as I licked up his dick again, savoring that dirty flavor. I was so lucky to get to clean his dick again. The little creep just had the best cock. It was so hot to pleasure my brother. My pussy burned as I reached his crown again.

I'm going to use this gift to the fullest and just enjoy every woman I can, my brother continued. Especially Mom and Debbie and Jenny Bishop and her mother. Definitely Brenda at school and Mrs. Baum too.

I slid my lips over my brother's cock, sliding down and down him. I moaned around his cock, sucking so hard. The sour musk of Mom's asshole soaked my taste buds. I felt so dirty nursing on the creep's dick.

I'm going to make Barbie into my free-use bitch, Lord. So thank you for all of this and the great meal Mom cooked while looking so sexy in her apron. Amen.

Amen, the rest of the family said as I suckled hard on my brother's cock. My pussy clenched as I bobbed my head.

That was lovely, Tony, Mom said. I'm thankful you find me so sexy in just this apron.

Well, you are, Dad said. Looking hot in that apron with that plump ass out and your big boobs threatening to speak out on the sides..

Language, Jake, Mom gasped. Don't say things like that in front of the children.

Mom was such a prude. She liked to pretend that storks delivered my brother, sister, and me. That she never once had sex. I wanted to be nothing like her. I loved sex. I was fucked all the time, even by a married man at church. I was such a harlot. I proved it by sucking so hard on my creepy brother's dick. 

I would make him cum harder than any other slut he used, including Mom. 

I suckled with all my might on my brother's cock. He groaned as the clatter of eating started. I nursed off that sour musk, my tongue sliding around his cock and buffing him clean. The creep slammed his fist on the table.

Damn, Bitch, he groaned. 

Bitch! giggled Debbie.

Don't use that language, young lady, Mom said. She's your sister, not a female dog!
Mom, I want everyone in the family to call her bitch, said the creep. That's her new name. I want to use her that way.

Oh, okay, said Mom. Suck his dick good, Bitch.

Yep, Dad said. Damn, Abigail, the chicken and mushroom casserole is great tonight.

Thanks, honey.

I suckled and slurped on the creep's dick. The flavor of Mom's asshole faded. I suckled hard on his cock. I wanted to have all his cum spurting into my mouth. The salty flavor of his precum grew and grew. I danced my tongue around his dick.

He growled in delight. I made him feel good. Me. I would give him the best BJ. No girl sucked cock like me. It was written on a stall in the boy's bathroom at my high school. I had snuck in there and seen it. Barbie sucks the best cock! with Fuck, yeah, she does! written underneath it.

I had a reputation. I wouldn't be outdone by some skank at the park or my prudish mother. What did Mom know about sucking dick? Had she ever given Dad head? I doubt it. I had sucked off the entire football team. Just swallowed load after load.

I put all that expertise to the test.

Damn, Bitch, he growled. You are making dinner amazing. Finally, something for your mouth to do besides talk.

I shuddered, my pussy on fire. It was so hot to be used by the disgusting creep. My tongue danced around the crown of his cock. His dick twitched in my mouth. He had to be closer to cumming. Just closer to blowing that load into my mouth. I so wanted to gulp it all down.

Drool spilled down my chin as I suckled on him. I bobbed my head, moaning around his cock. I gave him a hummer. Did Mom know how to do that? Fuck, no. I did. I would make the creep cum so hard. He growled with passion.

Shit, shit, shit, Bitch! he growled. Such a great cocksucker.

Hell, yeah, I was.

Goddamn, yes!

His cock erupted. Salty and delicious cum spurted into my mouth. I groaned as the creep unloaded into my mouth. He spurted again and again, just bathing my mouth in all his cum. I loved swallowing his load. It was so good having all that spunk pouring down my throat. I groaned, my pussy clenching as he dumped more and more of his jizz down my throat.

What a treat.

Just a pure delight to enjoy.

He grunted with each blast. He spurted over and over into my mouth. I swallowed it all down, loving the taste of his cum spurting into my mouth. His dick twitched and throbbed. He pumped load after load of jizz into my mouth.

Just all that salty treat that I craved. Proof that he had used me. His spunk warmed my belly. And there was so much of it. No guy I had ever blown had jizzed this much. No wonder the little fucker had the right to use any woman.

He was a stud. A creepy stud with a big dick I wanted fucking me. I wanted him to use my pussy.

Damn, he groaned as he erupted one last time. You do suck a dick like a pro, Bitch.

Good job, honey, Mom said. I'm glad you sucked your brother off and made him feel so good! 

Yep, said Dad. Oh, this was a good dinner. Love when you make a casserole. 

I slid my mouth off his cock. Mmm, do you want to use me in any other way, T-dawg?

Yeah, after you're done eating, you'll do all the dishes, he said. Naked, of course.

Of course, T-dawg, I said. I'll make those dishes sparkle. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Tony Carter

I really couldn't believe how well this device worked. My bitch of a sister devoured her chicken and mushroom soup casserole as fast as she could. Now, she was stripping naked. Her round boobs came into view. I wasn't at all surprised to see that she had a shaved pussy.

She started gathering up the dishes and hurried them to the kitchen, her naked ass swaying.

The Bitch really was going to wash the dishes as best she could. I could tell that she was determined to do such an amazing job. Just because I wanted to use her to wash the dishes. It also freed up Mom.

This is nice, Mom said in her apron and nothing else. She sipped at her iced tea. Thank you for doing the dishes, Bitch.

Just doing it for T-dawg! she called back.

Bitches don't call their owners that, I shouted back. I want you to call me master from now on, Bitch. That's the new way I want to use you. I own you, Bitch. So, what do you say?

You own me, Master, she said and sounded happy about it.

I smiled as she washed the dishes. Dad got up to go watch TV. Mom looked around a tad bemused. After dinner, she always cleaned up the kitchen. Debbie glanced at me, my little sister wearing her hair in pigtails. My cock throbbed.

I wanted to take her virginity. 

Mom, I said.

Yes, honey? She looked at me so eagerly. She wanted me to use you. Do you need to do something to me?

I want to use Debbie, I said. I want you to teach her how to suck my dick and help me deflower her. We want her first time being used to be amazing, don't we, Mom?

Please, please, please say you'll help, Mommy, Debbie said, bouncing up and down on her seat.
Of course I will, Mom said and rose. She took off her apron and hung it up, Her big boobs swayed. She went to retriever her clothes.

Mom, we're just going to get naked up in Debbie's room, I said, my dick still out and so hard. Just leave them and let's go.

Sure, dear, Mom said, smiling from ear to ear. She was as eager as my little sister. I was so glad for this device. I knew I would have a wild time. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Debbie Carter

I was so excited as I grabbed my big brother's arm. I clung to him as we headed upstairs. I was so glad to be used by him. I knew I would have such a fun time with him. Mom would teach me how to do such naughty things. I couldn't wait for that. I was so ready for it.

Mom followed us up while Bitch was doing the dishes. She was so lucky to be owned by him. What a fun way to be used by my big brother. That was how he wanted me to call him. Big brother. I was so ready to do that.

We reached my room and he opened the door. I was so nervous and so excited. He looked around at my room. I had all my stuffed animals on my bed around the foot. I had to pick many of them up in the morning. I tossed and turned. The shelves were pink and covered in all my favorite manga. I had all the CLAMP titles. I loved their stories. 

Okay, Mom, strip Debbie naked, my big brother commanded. He was so handsome as he ripped off his t-shirt.

Sure thing, Mom said and moved to me. I thrust my arms in the air, my fingers wiggling. Mom pulled off my t-shirt and exposed the white bra I wore. I had small boobies, so I didn't really need a bra, but I liked wearing them and feeling so cute.

Mom reached behind me and undid my bra. She pulled it off. Tony groaned at the sight of my little titties. He grinned from ear to ear, stroking his hard cock. I grinned at him, so glad that he was happy by the sight of my naked boobies. 

Mom dropped to her knees and tugged down my skirt. My brother flicked his gaze down to the cute, white panties I wore with the little, pink bow on the front. I loved how adorable my panties were, and he nodded his approval.

Yeah, those are the perfect panties for a little sister, he said, stroking his big dick. He would deflower me with that cock. That was how he wanted to use me.

Thanks, big brother, I said, my cheeks blushing. My heart pounded.

They're adorable, Mom said as I stepped out of my panties. Let's get these socks off next.

Mom peeled off my little, pink ankle socks with their band of lacy frill. They were just so cute, too. I was trembling, down to only my panties. I wanted to be fully naked so my brother could use me. That was the plan.

He licked his lips hungrily as he stared at my crotch. Mom hooked the waistband of my panties and drew those down next. The elastic rolled over my hips and exposed my sparse, strawberry-blonde down of pubic hair. My brother's grin swelled as more and more was revealed until the panties were sliding down my legs. He stared at my pussy peeking through my curls.

Very, very lovely, he said, nodding his head in approval. Oh, yes, you're just a cutie, Debbie.
Thanks, big brother! I squealed.

Well, it's time for your blowjob lesson, Mom said, turning on her knees, her big boobs swaying as she moved. Come on, kneel with me before your brother. You have to do this right. I'm not the best at sucking dick. I don't do it much at all.

You were great earlier, my big brother said.

Mom blushed. I'm glad you enjoyed it. She blushed. I shouldn't say this, but your father begs for them and sometimes I relent. It's so demeaning for a woman to do this, but when it's your brother, Debbie, well...

It's okay! I said brightly. Big brother can use me however he wants! Nothing demeaning about it! 

That's right, Mom said as I dropped to my knees beside her and before my big brother. His cock thrust out so big at me. It was thick and long. He twitched. 

I had no idea what to do now. I mean, I knew that girls sucked on boys' dicks like lollipops, but did I just open wide and start sucking. I turned to Mom for advice. She grabbed his cock in her hand and flashed me a smile.

Okay, she said, sucking a dick is not rocket science. Mostly, you just suckle. Bob your head. Use your tongue. Now to start out, your father always liked when I licked up his cock. He'd always ask for it. I bet your big brother would like it, too. Let's try that together.

Sure, Mommy, I cooed as we both leaned our heads forward.

My heart pounded so much. My virgin pussy clenched and relaxed. This was so heady. I licked at the side of his cock. My tongue dragged up my big brother. He tasted so salty. I shuddered at doing this. It was so naughty.

I reached his crown and brushed Mom's tongue with mine. Our lips touched, too. It was almost a kiss. We both jumped back and burst into giggles. It was innocent, of course. I would never want to kiss my mother. She was a woman and my mother. That was just so wrong in so many ways.

You don't have to flinch if your lips brush, said my big brother. Tony smiled down at us, his glasses perched on his nose. In fact, I like it if your lips touch as you lick me. Maybe this time, you'll kiss.

Sure, I said as Mom said, Okay, honey.

We both leaned in to lick again. I dragged my tongue up his cock, savoring that salty flavor. It was so exciting to be used by him. We brushed his crown then each other. We kissed each other. I felt nothing doing that. It was Mom. And I wasn't gay. I liked boys.

He groaned, though, so we kept kissing. He wanted to use us like this. I was glad to do this, even if it was so boring. We worked our lips together a few more times before we broke apart. He grinned so broadly, though, so I would have to kiss Mom again. 

Okay, Mom said, now you're going to want to slide your lips over your brother's cock. He's big, so make sure you don't scrape him with your teeth. I know your father doesn't like that. I doubt Tony would like it any longer.

Probably not, my big brother said.

So, just do this, Mom said and leaned forward. She kissed the crown of his cock. Her lush, pink lips slid over his thick crown. He groaned as she did that. Her cheeks hollowed as she suckled. 

He grinned in delight.

I watched in awe as Mom blew my big brother. She worked her mouth up and down his cock, sliding her lips down his shaft before sucking back up him. He groaned as she did that. It looked like so much fun. After a moment, she popped her mouth off with a wet plop. Drool spilled down her chin.

Now, you just... do that, she panted, her big boobs jiggling. Just slide your lips over his crown.

Okay! I flashed my big brother a grin. He nodded to me. I loved how supportive he was. He understood this was my first time being used.

I kissed the crown of his cock and slid my mouth over him. I loved the spongy texture. I held my teeth back, opening wide to keep from hurting him. The salty flavor of his precum spilled through my mouth as I sealed my lips on him.

I suckled.

My big brother groaned.

This was so neat. I suckled on him again like he were a lollipop or a popsicle. I nursed on him, wanting him to spurt into my mouth. That meant I had used him perfectly. This was so neat. He groaned as I blew him.

Don't forget to bob your head, Mom added. Work your lips up and down him while sucking. He'll love that!

I did it. It was strange to do. My little boobs quivered as I worked my mouth down his cock and slid back up him. My lips formed a tight seal, the suction hollowing my cheeks. He groaned, more of his salty precum spilling over my tongue. I flicked about him, wanting to make him just erupt.

Damn, he groaned. Oh, damn, that's so good. Mom, why don't you hug her from behind, play with her nipples, and whisper encouragements in her ears?

Sure, honey, Mom said.

I kept sucking on my big brother's cock and bobbing my head. Mom slipped her legs around me as she moved behind me. She hugged me, her big boobs rubbing into my back. Her hands slipped over me and pinched my nipples.

I groaned as she twisted them. That felt so good. Just so amazing to have her doing that. My nubs burst with sparks that shot down to my cunt. I quivered here, my heart pounding a wild beat. I was growing so wet blowing my big brother. Mom's twisting made this so erotic.

Mmm, you're doing great, Mom purred into my ear. Are you using your tongue?
I shook my head and whimpered. My tongue?

Lick his crown. Swirl your tongue around him and tease him. Trust me, he's going to love that.

I wanted my big brother to love it. So I worked my tongue around him. He groaned as I did that. He smiled down at me and grabbed my pigtails. He held them as I suckled on his cock, bobbing my head, and swirling my tongue.

I was making him feel so good. Mom twisted my nipples. I moaned when she did that. I hoped big brother liked my groaning around his cock. Drool spilled down around my chin. I trembled in Mom's arms, staring up at my big brother.

Yes, yes, you're doing amazing, Mom cooed. Mmm, my little girl is being used by my son. That's so delicious.

Yes, it is, groaned Tony. Oh, damn, Debbie, you're such an amazing little sister. Yes, yes, you're going to get a big mouthful of cum!

Lucky you, Mom purred. Your big brother's cum is so yummy. Mmm, way better than your father's. 

That made me so happy. I suckled so hard on him. I stared up at him, loving how he held my pigtails. I was so glad he had me put on such a childish hairstyle. It felt so naughty now as he was using my mouth. I understood why he did it.

He knew what he was doing. He groaned as I suckled on him. I wanted all his cum spurting onto my mouth. My tongue danced around him. Mom twisted my nipples again, pleasure shooting down to my cunt. My pussy burned.

Fuck, that's so good, Debbie, my big brother groaned. Yes!

He erupted.

My eyes widened as his cum spurted into my mouth. There was so much of the salty stuff. It was thick and creamy. I swallowed it down as fast as I could because more and more fired from his cock. I loved it so much.

That's it, sweetie, Mom cooed, her naked boobs rubbing into my back. Swallow all of your big brother's load. He's loving it!

Yes, I am! groaned my big brother, such pleasure crossing his face. Damn, that's so good. That's really amazing!

I was so happy about that. I gulped down more and more of that spunk. I swallowed it all, reveling in that jizz pouring down my throat. I swallowed each and every drop. He erupted one more time and panted, his cock twitching in my mouth.

I popped my mouth off and moaned, Did I do a good job? It was my first time giving head. Please, please, say you enjoyed using me, big brother.

I fucking loved it, he said and grinned from ear to ear. Now, Mom, let's get her ready to be deflowered. I want to use that pussy of hers, too.

I squealed in such delight.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Abigail Carter

That's it, my son said as Debbie lay on her back on her bed. Spread those legs. Now, Mom, you're going to crawl between her thighs and eat her pussy. I'll fuck your cunt to lube up, too. But you have to make her cum so she'll be relaxed and ready.

I'd love to, I said. I mean, I had no interest in eating pussy. I wasn't gay or anything. Looking at a woman never did anything for me. I could appreciate if they were beautiful, but that was it.

I stared at my daughter's pussy adorned in her blonde curls. I didn't have any hunger to feasted on her. I was only eager to make my son happy. My pussy burned, though. I was eager to be used in the cunt again. He had such a big dick. It wasn't a chore like with his father.

I leaned down, my blonde hair spilling over my daughter's thighs. The sweet aroma of her pussy wasn't unpleasant. That was nice. I suppose this wouldn't be too much of a chore. I slid my hands up my daughter's thighs. She smiled at me, flashing her braces.

She was a cute thing.

I nuzzled my lips into her pussy, her curls tickling my face. I kissed her right on the slit. I knew I had to do more than that, but what? My son had eaten me out. He had been so good at it. He had licked me. So I copied what he did to me.

My daughter shuddered. She gasped as my tongue slid through her folds. Well, she liked what I was doing to her. That was good. I licked her again, my tongue sliding up her virgin folds. The sweetness didn't taste bad at all.

God, that's so hot, my son said as he moved behind me. I love watching lesbian porn. Girls eating pussy is so hot. You're going to be eating a lot of cunts before me, Mom.

Okay, I purred. If that's how you want to use me. It's not that bad. She tastes nice.

Your tongue feels so good, Mommy. My daughter shuddered as I licked her again, parting her folds this time. I brushed her hymen and stroked over her little clit. Mommy!

My son gripped my hips. I groaned as his cock nuzzled into my pussy. He pressed right against my folds This was so wondrous to be used even if it was incest. I loved how he could break every taboo rule. My heart pounded as he found the entrance to my cunt and buried to the hilt in me. 

It was so wonderful to be used this way by my son. Nothing felt better than having him in my pussy. I was so glad that he could use me like this. It was so wrong otherwise, but he was the only son who could fuck his mother without it being forbidden. Taboo.

Incest was okay if Tony arranged it.

That was why I could lick at my daughter's sweet pussy. Her sparse curls rubbed at my lips as I lapped up and down her virgin slit. I remembered how good it felt having my son's tongue wiggling around in my pussy, so I thrust my tongue into Debbie's.

Or tried to.

Her hymen blocked the way. Ooh, Tony was in for a treat. 

He gripped my hips and drew back his cock. I clamped down on him, savoring that wonderful cock massaging me. It made eating my daughter less and less of a chore. I felt so good as I tongued her pussy and gathered up her sweet juices.

I moaned into her cunt, reveling in that big dick fucking me hard and fast. He churned me up as I stroked up and down my daughter's slit. I brushed her clit. She gasped, her petite body quivering. Her whimpers filled the air.

Mommy, Mommy, that feels so good! she moaned.

Mmm, that's wonderful to hear, I purred as my son pumped away at me. He used my cunt so hard, his nuts slapping into my bush. Just cum on Mommy's lips so your brother can use your virgin pussy!

Yes, Mommy! she moaned as I tongued her clit. Ooh, ooh, that's so good. I love that!

I was happy to give her pleasure as my son fucked away at my pussy. My orgasm rose and rose as I nibbled on my little girl's bud. I suckled on her, wanting to make her explode for Tony. I would do anything for him. He was amazing.

His cock plowed deep and hard into me. I whimpered, my pleasure swelling faster and faster. He churned me up as he gripped my hips. He fucked to the hilt in me with all that he had. It was just a wondrous moment. I hurtled toward my climax.

My little girl squeezed her thighs around my head. She trembled, her small boobies quivering. I must be making her feel so good. I flicked my tongue around her bud. I stroked her as she trembled. Her entire body shuddered.

Mommy! Mommy! she gasped.

Cum, Debbie! groaned Tony as he fucked deep and hard into my pussy.

Yes, big brother! she moaned in such an adorable way. I... I... Yes!

She bucked as she climaxed. Her pussy juices gushed out and soaked my mouth. It was such a delicious treat to have all her cunt cream spilling out of her pussy. She drenched my mouth with her passion. I made her cum, so I stopped licking her pussy and lifted my head.

I made her cum, sweetie, I moaned. Oh, yes, yes, wasn't in such a good mother? Oh, Tony! Oh, my big son! Use my cunt! I'm going to cum!

Fuck, yeah, you are, Mom! he growled and grabbed my tits. He squeezed them as he buried to the hilt in me. He erupted in my pussy.

As his cum spurted against my cervix and flooded my womb, I gasped in rapture. My orgasm burst in me. My pussy writhed around his thick cock. I suckled at him, loving this pleasure sweeping through me. I shuddered as more and more of his cum pumped into my snatch.

Pussy cream dripped from my chin as my daughter shuddered on the bed before me. My cunt spasmed around my son's spurting cock. He flooded me with his incestuous cum as he moaned out his pleasure as he used me.

Tony! I moaned.

Fuck, Mom! he groaned as he pumped more and more of his cum into my pussy. He filled me up with it. Damn!

Oh, I love it when you use my cunt! I panted as his dick twitched in me. My orgasm crested in my body. Your sister is ready to be used, too. 

I am! Debbie squealed. I'm so ready for you to use me that way, big brother!.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Debbie Carter

I was so excited. Mom stretched out beside us, lying on her side. She had my brother's cum in her pussy. Soon, I would, too. Mom smiled at me, her face drenched in my pussy cream. That had felt wonderful, but I knew being used directly by my big brother would feel even better.

His hard cock thrust out at me. I quivered as he leaned down on his elbows. His dick nuzzled into my pussy. It was so hot and wet. Mom had soaked him in her cream. He smiled down at me. I grinned back at him. I always thought I would be so scared my first time, afraid of the pain on my hymen tearing, but I had no fear.

How could I be afraid of Tony? My big brother could use me however he wanted. Nothing was frightening about that. I was just so happy. I could cry for all the joy welling up in me as he slid his arms beneath me and pulled me into his chest.

He kissed me.

I moaned into his lips, Mom watching on. My brother's cock shifted. He slid his dick down and down through my sparse bush to nuzzle against the virgin folds of my pussy. I quivered, whimpering into his lips. I was so ready to be used by him.

He broke the kiss and asked, Are you ready?

Of course I am, big brother! I said.

Every woman is ready, sweetie, Mom said, touching his cheek. Don't be afraid. We all want to be used by you.

My brother grinned with such delight. Thank you, P, for making this device. I love it!

I had no idea what my big brother was talking about. It really didn't matter since he thrust against me. I shuddered as my pussy lips parted and he found my hymen. He nuzzled against my maidenhead. I loved that sensation. It was so wonderful feeling him push and push against my virginity.

Big brother! I moaned as the wondrous moment happened.

He popped my cherry to use my pussy.

I squealed in delight as he penetrated through my maidenhead and sank into my pussy. My deflowered twat welcomed him in. I quivered beneath him, my small boobies rubbing into his chest. I ran my tongue over my braces as he went deeper and deeper into me.

I couldn't believe how deep he was going. It was just so amazing to feel him reaching into my pussy's depths. He bottomed out in me, his nuts resting on my taint. I stared up at him in complete shock. My pussy clenched down on him.

He grinned at me as he rubbed his tongue into my nose. He drew back his cock. I gasped and he groaned. It was amazing having him in me. It was glorious to be chosen to be used by him. He had Mom and Barbie in the house to use. Our neighbors. Any random woman passing by.

He chose me.

Big brother! I whimpered as he thrust away at me. Oh, big brother!

Yes, yes, yes, he groaned, staring down at me. Debbie! My sweet little sister!

He pumped away at me with such passion. The pleasure built and built in me. I was so glad that it was feeling so good. I glanced at Mom. She smiled at me, so happy that my big brother was using my pussy. She was proud of me. I could tell.

My cunt clamped down on him, increasing the wonderful friction. And it was so wonderful. It was just amazing having him burying into me over and over again. He fucked me with such force. He plowed deep and hard into me.

I loved him doing that. I squeezed down on him. I savored that pleasure swelling in me. It was just awesome. I would have a huge climax on my big brother's dick. I whimpered louder and louder as he pumped away at me.

Big brother! I whimpered.

Are you going to cum? he growled as he fucked into me. Are you going to cum on my big dick!

Yes, yes, yes, big brother! I squealed as he thrust deep and hard into me. Is that how you want to use me? 

He did. He wanted me to cum on him. I could tell by his eyes. Mom purred beside us as my big brother thrust so fast and hard into my pussy. It was just amazing having him thrusting away at me. His nuts slapped into my taint. 

They were full of all that cum that would spurt into me. All that wonderful cum that would fill me up. It would be so hot to have all that pleasure gushing into me. I groaned, savoring his cock burying into me. He hammered me hard and fast. He plowed into me with all that he had.

I shuddered, squeezing down on him as I whimpered. Big brother!

Yes, yes, yes, he growled. Your pussy is amazing, Debbie!

Mmm, use your little sister, cooed Mom, her big boobs quivering as she squirmed there.

My brother groaned and kissed me. I shuddered, my lips melting to his as he thrust that big dick in and out of my pussy. He buried deep into my snatch. My pussy clamped down so hard on him. I shuddered, hurtling toward that amazing climax.

He would pump all that cum into me. I was so ready for him to fill me up with all that wonderful jizz. It was just amazing having him thrusting so deep and hard into my pussy. My eyes rolled back in my head as my orgasm swelled and swelled.

I broke the kiss and gasped, Big brother!

I climaxed.

My pussy writhed around his cock. I gasped as I spasmed around him. I shuddered beneath him, celebrating his cock pumping away at me. He groaned as he used me. His face twisted in delight as he pumped away at my climaxing pussy.

That's it, he growled. Fuck, I always wanted to make love to you! To my little sister! I'm going to cum!

Please, please, cum in me, big brother! I howled, bucking beneath him as the waves of ecstasy washed through my body.

He buried to the hilt in my spasming snatch and growled.

His wonderful cum pumped into me. He fired blast after blast of jizz into my pussy. I loved the feel of his cum splashing against my cervix. That was so wild. I groaned as I bucked beneath him. The heat washed through me.

All that wonderful spunk. It was just amazing. Stars flashed across my vision as I trembled on the ground. I loved the heat of all his cum spurting into me. I shuddered beneath him. My big brother held me. It was so comforting to have his arms around me.

I was so happy. 

Yes, yes, yes, I whimpered as my little boobies rubbed into his chest. Oh, big brother!

Debbie, he groaned as he spurted into me one more time. Oh, yes, yes, I filled your pussy with cum. And Mom's pussy is full of cum.

Mmm, it is, Mom purred.

So, my big brother said as he pulled away from me. I whimpered as he slipped out of my embrace and my pussy. I shuddered as his cock popped free. He rose off the bed and smiled at us. I want you two to sixty-nine and lick each other's pussies clean of my cum.

Sure thing, I said brightly.

Of course, sweetie, Mom said. Whatever you want.

Good, he said and thrust his head out the open door. He hadn't closed it. Bitch, get in here and suck my dick!

As Mom rolled over on her back and spread her legs, my older sister darted in. She dropped to her feet and swallowed big brother's cock, nursing on his cock covered in my pussy cream. I sat up and straddled Mom's head. I never thought I would ever do this with a woman. I wasn't gay, but my big brother wanted this. 

Plus, his cum would be in Mom's pussy. 

I planted my pussy on Mom's face. She licked at me again, the same delicate but almost robotic motions. She wasn't a lesbian. I could tell she was only doing this for my big brother, but that was fine. I was only eating her pussy for the same reason.

I pressed my boobies into Mom's belly, her tits rubbing into my stomach, and nuzzled into her bush. The salty flavor of my brother's cum mixed with this tart musk. That was Mom's pussy. A naughty shiver ran through me. Partly because she licked my pussy, but partly because this was so naughty.

Bitch entered my room and dropped to her knees. My brother groaned as she suckled on him with noisy passion. She slurped on him with passion. That made this more exciting. My big brother was watching me eat Mom's pussy.

I had to lick her clean.

Just get every drop of his cum.

Mom must have felt the same way, because she licked me with more excitement. I shuddered at her tongue stroked through my folds, gathering up his salty cum. I nuzzled my face through her thick curls and found her pussy lips. 

They were not like mine. They were thick and peeked out of her vulva like the petals of a flower. I lapped at her folds covered in my brother's salty cum. He tasted so good. There was a bit of that tart flavor of Mom's pussy, but it was mostly his cum.

Yum, I moaned and licked at Mom with more enthusiasm.

Mmm, she purred into my pussy. That's it, Debbie. Lick all your brother's cum out of me!

Yes, Tony growled as Bitch suckled on his cock.

I squirmed on Mom, loving lapping at her. Her tongue felt so good on my pussy. I stroked through her folds, gathering up more and more of my big brother's cum. I loved the flavor of her pussy. This was so much fun.

I shuddered as Mom squeezed my rump. She kneaded my ass as my tongue swiped over her fold. I gathered out all that amazing cum from her pussy. This heat swept through me. I felt so good right now. Just so amazing.

But there was less cum spilling out of me.

Mmm, I can thrust my tongue into your pussy now, Debbie, Mom purred. There's more cum in there.

Oh, my, I gasped as she wiggled her tongue into my pussy. That was different.

I did the same to her. The tart flavor of her twat was stronger, but that was fine because I was enjoying the salty flavor of my big brother's cum. It was so wonderful to swirl my tongue around in Mom's pussy to find it all.

And the taste of her cunt was growing on me.

Mom kneaded my rump as she did the same to me. This was so wild. Her tongue wiggled around in me. I shuddered, my orgasm building and building. I pressed my tongue into Mom's depth and searched around for more of his salty cum.

It was always so wonderful when I found it. A salty treat that I could scoop out of her depths. I shuddered as I did that. It was just such an exciting moment to draw the cum out of her twat. Like finding something hidden in a video game.

But the rewards were never this wonderful.

Mom moaned as she probed into my pussy. She scooped out his cum, too.

I wiggled around in her, squirming. Pleasure washed through me as Mom made me feel so good. She moaned, her bush rubbing into my face. I must be making her feel just as good. I found more of his cum. I scooped it out of her.

Oh, yes, she moaned. Oh, I can't find any more cum in your sister's pussy, Tony.
Then make her cum, groaned my big brother as Bitch suckled on his cock.

Yes, yes, let's make each other cum, Mommy! I moaned. That's what big brother wants!

Yes, I do, growled my big brother, his voice so throaty. He loved what Bitch did to him. I love watching you two eat each other's pussies. Get used to eating cunt, Mom. 

I was so happy to hear that. It made it even hotter to lick his cum out of Mom's pussy. 

I thrust my tongue deep into her snatch. I swirled around in her. She whimpered beneath me, her body trembling as my tongue plunged into her cunt and danced around in her, searching for more of the cum in her depths.

But the tart flavor of her pussy was growing stronger and stronger. I found a little bit of my big brother's cum. I scooped it out of him, but that was it. There was no more to find. I supposed I just had to make Mommy cum.

She hesitated for a moment. I guess... I make you cum, honey.

Yes, yes, make each other cum, Tony growled. 

Yes, big brother! I squealed as Mom said, Sure thing, sweetie. Anything for you!

Bitch suckled and slurped on his cock as I plunged back into Mom's pussy. I licked at her folds as she did the same thing to me. Our tongues stroked each other's folds. I brushed her clit. She stroked over mine. That felt good. 

So I licked at her clit. I stroked her bud. She did the same thing to me.

Yeah, just like that, Bitch, growled my big brother as he watched Mom and me.

I had to make Mommy cum for my big brother. I stroked around her clit. She did the same thing to me. I lapped at her bud as sparks sizzled from mine. My orgasm swelled in me. I rose toward that moment when I would cum.

I was so close.

So near to it.

Mom suckled on me.

I nursed on her.

Mommy! I squealed as my orgasm burst in me. It swept through me. I shuddered, loving the pleasure washing through my body as I bucked on Mom.

Oh, yes, yes! Mommy gasped. Her tart juices flooded out.

She drowned me in her pussy cream. It was such a treat. I licked at her twat. I lapped at her cunt with all my hunger. It was just so fantastic having all this pleasure washing through me. I trembled, my toes curling. 

Mommy gripped my rump as she lapped up my pussy cream. I could feel big brother watching us cumming together. He was getting such use out of witnessing our lesbian, incestuous passion. I trembled, finding myself enjoying those juices so much.

Maybe I did like pussy.

Fuck! growled Tony.

Bitch swallowed his cum as I trembled on Mommy. I licked and lapped at her pussy, so glad to be used by my big brother in any way. Mommy stroked her tongue through my folds, sending more delight washing through me.

I shuddered, savoring all this pleasure washing through me. I felt so good. Just so amazing. This was such a wonderful moment. I rubbed my face into her cunt as my orgasm peaked in me. I panted while Mom whimpered.

Shit, yes! growled Tony. Damn! Mom, Debbie, that was fucking hot! I loved it! Shit, Mom, come give me a good night kiss.

I rolled off Mom feeling so happy. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Tony Carter

Bitch sucked on my dick, my orgasm dying down. Mom rolled off the bed, her big boobs swaying. Her mouth was covered in my sister's pussy cream. She sauntered to me and threw her arms around my neck. She kissed me, mouth wreathed in Debbie's sweet delight.

I savored that treat as Bitch kept sucking on my cock. I wanted to fuck her in the ass. 

Mom broke the kiss and purred, Good night.

Thanks, Mom, I said. So, hey, did you enjoy eating my little sister's pussy?

I'm straight, she said. But if you want me to, I'll do my best. I made her cum. She even made me cum, but... I'm really not into pussy.

You should think about it, I said. I'm going to be using you that way a lot. I like seeing you eating Debbie's cunt. I bet I'll love seeing you eat other women's pussies, too.

If you want me to, sweetie, she said with a big smile. Of course, but I'm straight.

I slapped her on the ass as she headed out the door. We'll see. Night, Mom.

Night, honey. Night, Debbie and Bitch. Mom closed the door behind her.

I stared down at Bitch. Time to get that ass fucked.

God, I loved this device. 

To be continued...
