Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa Daughter's Naughty Temptation Chapter 6: Futa-Daughter's MILF Rebellion
Summary: Hh hf Hf inc oral MILF voy exhib public school anal
Keywords: While Sky plots to seduce a MILF teacher, her mother has found the next virgin to tempt the naughty futa!

Copyright 2020

Sky Marlow

I stood frozen at the sight of Natalie. Water spilled down my bestest friend's big tits. More gleamed on her wrist and ran down the outside of the glass she held. She had almost run into me at the base of the stairs. Her question hung in the air.

What are you doing? she'd asked.

Going to fuck that MILF across the street, I thought. But it was really Spice, the futa-demon who'd given me my girl-dick. I was better at recognizing her voice now. She stood out from my own thoughts even though she sounded like my voice. 

Just... uh... My thoughts were scattered. Natalie was my confidant. The girl that I had done so many kinky things to and with. We had gone to parties, swapped guys and girls, licked cum out of each other's pussies, fucked with toys. We had gone wild together. 

And I was afraid to tell her that I was going to sneak into the Spencers' house across the street and seduce Mrs. Spencer. I wanted to get my first MILF. But my mother couldn't find out and Natalie was no longer just my bestest friend.

She was my futa-mother's good, little slut.

Mom had tamed and dominated Natalie. And Mom didn't want me to go after older women, especially married ones. Oh, no, Mom wanted me all to herself. And to facilitate that, she had seduced the reverend's daughter, a virgin girl named Georgia. It had been a hot idea. A way to keep me from seducing Georgia's mother, the reverend's wife. It had worked, but now I had my chance to be naughty again.

And ran smack into Natalie.

Uh, Sky? Natalie asked, shifting her glass to her left hand so she could shake the water from the right. You okay?

Just needed to get some water, I said, smiling at her, my heart racing a mile a minute. It felt so strange not being able to trust my best friend. Like yours.

Oh, right, Natalie said. Then she yawned. Wild day. Mmm, your mother is insatiable. I woke up to her pumping away at my cunt. Look. She glanced down at her thighs, and I noticed the cum running out of her shaved pussy, jizz gleaming on her clit piercing. God, she's hot, though. MILFs are the best. Especially with futa-cocks.

Yeah, I groaned, wanting to try a MILF. My mom was my mom. She wasn't a real MILF to me. Don't get me wrong, I loved fucking her. Watching her go from an uptight woman obsessed with church to a whore engineering kinky sex for me to enjoy was awesome.

But I had gained this futa-cock to fuck MILFs, not just my mom and some girls my age. 

That's right, Spice said in my own voice. I gave you that cock to fuck hotties like Mrs. Spencer and Mrs. Matthews.

That was the reverend's wife. Mrs. Matthews would have been incredible, but my mom was crafty. So I had to be just as sneaky and crafty as Mom.

Well, I'm just going to get some water than skedaddle back to bed, I lied. I hated it. I shouldn't have secrets from Natalie. It felt so wrong, but I couldn't trust her. Mom had definitely sunk her meddling claws into my friend.

Right. Natalie yawned. Night.

I nodded. I would be tired at school tomorrow, but I didn't care. I had to get me some MILF pussy. I headed to the kitchen, pretending to get that water. I listened to Natalie heading up the stairs. They creaked as she rose up them then she padded down the hall to my mother's bedroom. The door opened and then closed.

I headed for the front door, my naked body quivering. My blonde hair flowed behind me and my little titties jiggled. I had gone out the front door of a house (not my house because old Mom would never have let my friends and I get so naughty at a slumber party) naked playing Truth or Dare. But this was different.

I slipped on some sandals and then opened the front door. The night air was cool on my naked skin. I shivered as I stepped off the porch. Our cul-de-sac was so quiet at midnight. There was a lone street lamp two houses up and a few of the homes had porch lights, but other than that, it was so dark. 

Dark and mysterious.

I slipped off the porch, sandals whisking, and moved down the path. I felt so self-conscious like there was some sort of pervert in the bushes watching me. I bit my lip and hurried down the path to the driveway. I slipped past my caryeah, my mom got me a car when I got my driver's licenses a few months backand reached the curb. I looked around, naked and vulnerable. 

I didn't see anyone.

I crossed the street at a fast pace. Last time I had tried this, my mom had definitely stopped me. She had gained her futa-cock and lured me back. Meddlesome angel, I thought. Or maybe that was Spice's thought. It was hard to say. I both loved that Mom had a clit-dick and hated it.

She made it harder for me to have my fun.

I reached the Spencers' house and headed up the flagstone path that crossed their front yard. I reached their porch and the front door. I took in a deep breath. I still didn't know how I was seducing Mrs. Spencer while Mr. Spencer was in the house.

I grabbed the front door and turned the knob.

Locked.

Fuck.

I tried it again just to be sure. It didn't budge. My hopes were already getting dashed. Why would the front door be open? I shook my head in annoyance. I stepped back and looked around. They had a back door and a side door. I had been in the house a few times, they were our neighbors. I looked around, feeling like a thief.

What if someone called 911 on me? I was naked. Could I pretend I was sleepwalking? This suddenly felt like it was a bad idea.

But it'll be so hot if you succeed, Spice taunted.

My pussy clenched. My clit wanted to turn into a full futa-dick. My plan would be hot if it worked.

I jumped off the porch, leaping over the azaleas planted around it, and raced down the side of the house to the gate. I opened it and headed into the backyard. There was a new sandbox that had been put in. They just had their first kid, so I guess that made sense. Getting ready for the little snot-nose brat to have something to do.

I jumped onto the back patio, a slab of cement, and tripped over the foot of a chair. I cursed, my toe throbbing. I reached the door. Through the sliding glass, I could see that the house was dark but that the TV in the living room was on. 

That made me pause. Mr. Spencer was awake?

I swallowed. Had he fallen asleep watching TV? 

My hand shaking, I grabbed the handle of the sliding glass door and pulled. It slid open. I let out a soft groan as it whisked on its track, sounding too loud. But I didn't hear anyone coming. After slipping off my sandals on the back porch, I slipped inside the warmer house and closed it slowly behind me. My heart pounded a mile a minute. I could hear an infomercial playing.

Don't you hate when that happens to you? a woman asked. That's why we invented this amazing new product that you just have to own.

He had to be asleep. Who voluntarily watched infomercials?

I moved through the living room slowly anyways, my heart in my throat. I made each step with care. The kitchen peered out onto the living room, a counter dividing the spaces. I could see him in a recliner, asleep. A baby monitor was on the table beside him.

He snored.

I smiled.

Mrs. Spencer was all alone. I just had to make my move. It was time to get me some married MILF pussy. Ooh, that would really chap Mom's ass. She thought she was controlling me, but I wasn't about to be controlled. Oh, no, I wanted to get wild.

I headed up the stairs. I took them slowly. My heart hammered in my chest as I climbed them one at a time, going slow, not wanting them to creak. My entire body shook. This was so hot. I reached the top of the stairs and glanced down the hallway.

I knew the master bedroom was at the end. I crept down it, my feet whisking on the carpet. My bare feet felt the fibers against my soles. I reached the door and carefully turned the nub. I pushed it open onto and spotted a bed. A woman slept on it, her breasts rising and falling.

She was only a decade older than me, but she was still a MILF. I licked my lips and let my futa-cock grow as I crept to her bed. My clit swelled with the rapid beat of my heart. It pulsed into a dick and grew out before me as I reached the bed and grabbed the red covers.

I peeled them back oh, so slowly. She was beneath the sheets. I drew those back, too. She wore a purple nightgown that molded to her large breasts. I bit my lip at the sight of her. Brown hair spilled over her pillows. She lay on her back, one arm thrust over her husband's side of the bed. Her breath came slowly, rising, falling.

I smiled as I drew back more of the sheets to expose her long and lithe thighs. I licked my lips, wondering if she wore panties to bed. I pulled the sheets back and watched as her leg twitched just to the right. This was it. My futa-dick was throbbing so hard. It was time for me to enjoy my first married MILF.

I pushed her thighs apart.

Salivating, I watched Mrs. Spencer's nightgown slide up and up her thigh. The silk reveled more and more of her flesh until I saw something amazing in the dim light. No panties. No bush, either. She had a landing strip of brown hair that led right to her pussy.

Mrs. Spencer, you naughty, naughty MILF, I whispered, so eager to lick at her. To wake her up in style. She would be squeezing her thighs around my head and gasping out in delight. And her husband would have no idea.

I leaned in my head and inhaled. Baby powder and the faint, tart musk of her pussy. She wasn't wet. Yet. I would change that. My futa-dick throbbed as it dangled between my thighs, so hard and ready to slide into her and fuck her hard. She would have such an amazing orgasm on my girl-cock.

Way, way, way fucking better than her husband ever gave her.

That's right, Sky! Spice cheered. Get to munching on that V! Ooh, you have some great slang for cunnilingus. Polish those hardwood floors. Buff that muff. Eat that fish taco! Lap up all the cream out of the saucer! Enjoy some juicy pie! Munch on some MILF brunch! Ooh, go for it!

I kissed Mrs. Spencer on the vulva. Right there on the side of her slit. Just a smooch. Her skin had a salty flavor, but that tang was there. I kissed up her flesh. She let out a soft sigh and shifted. I would stimulate her slowly.

Butter her up. Get her juices flowing. Then I would munch on her MILF brunch.
 
My lips reached the top of her slit. I kissed down the left side. My tongue licked out, caressing her skin. I was right by her folds, heading down to her taint. Then I went back up, smooching as her thighs shifted.

The tart scent grew stronger. The wonderful aroma of a woman's arousal filled my nose. I breathed it in, loving every second of kissing her. I sucked on her vulva. Nibbled softly with my lips. My tongue flicked out again, licking up her right side.

I tasted tart cream.

Her juices flowed now. She groaned again, shifting. Her breasts rose and fell. Nipples poked hard at her nightie. I loved that. My mouth salivated. Soon I would be nursing on those mounds. Just suckling and making her shudder in delight.

It would be perfect. 

I nuzzled over to her pussy folds and delicately parted her petals. I slid my tongue upward, stroking her married twat up to her clit. I brushed the clitoral hood and felt that little pearl peek out as her arousal grew.

A long, soft sigh came from her lips. Her head turned.

I shuddered, my hands lightly stroking her thighs as I fluttered my tongue up and down her folds. She groaned, her back arching. Her juices flowed heavily now. My tongue stimulated her in all the delicious ways.

Greg, she groaned.

That annoyed me. It wasn't her husband who did this. How often did he even lick her out? She shuddered, her thighs holding me tight. My tongue licked and lapped around her. I caressed her folds, savoring every moment of touching her.

Lapping at her.

My tongue slid through her folds with bold strokes now. I wasn't shy about fluttering up and down while my futa-dick throbbed. My own cunt grew hotter and hotter with my excitement. Juices ran down my shaft, dribbling to the tip of my dick.

 I was so ready to fuck her hard, but I wanted her cumming. Wanted her ready. I slid my tongue up to her clit and swirled around her. Her breasts heaved. Her thighs tightened around my face, my hair spilling over her thighs.

Oh, Greg... That's... You're... She bolted up. You're not Greg!

No, no, it's me, Sky! I said, sitting up brightly. From across the street.

Sky? she gasped and shot her hand to the lamp. It turned on.

I winced at the glare.

What the hell do you think you're doing sneaking in here and... and...

Eating your pussy? I asked. I had to be bold. I know, I know, shocking. But when was the last time your husband ate your pussy.

Last night.

I blinked.

Oh. I licked my lips. But did he eat you as good as me, and does he have a dick as huge as mine?

I arched my back and thrust out my hips. My cock bobbed before me, swaying back and forth. My precum beaded at the tip. I shuddered, my pussy clenching as my heartbeat throbbed up the shaft. It pulsed with my excitement.

Her jaw dropped.

What the fuck is that, Sky? she demanded, sitting up more, her legs squeezing tight.

A futa-dick, I said brightly. A big, MILF-loving girl-cock that makes sexy women just explode in rapture. I mean, just absolutely detonate with rapture.

You... That's... She blinked. That's thrusting from your pussy.

It's my clit! I said proudly.

And you're so big, she said now with throaty pleasure. Oh, wow, you're huge. How?

A naughty demon gave it to me, I said and put my hands on her thighs. Now, I'm just going to go back to licking and lapping at your pussy. I grinned. If you want, I would love to look at your tits while I do it. If you could take off your nightie, that would be super awesome, Mrs. Spencer.

She stared at me in shock as I pushed her legs apart. Oh, she didn't fight me. I winked at her and leaned my head down slowly. My blonde hair fell down past my face. It swayed before me. I shuddered, feeling so excited. My cunt clenched.

Then I buried my face into her pussy and licked. I lapped at her. My tongue fluttered up and down her pussy folds. It was so incredible to caress her. To pleasure her. She groaned, squeezing her thighs together. She humped against me.

Oh, Sky, she groaned. That dick is huge.

I had her. This was so hot.

Yep, super-duper big. I thrust my tongue into her married depths.

Her tart juices soaked my taste buds while her pussy walls clenched around me. The MILF shuddered. Her big boobs jiggled as I fluttered my tongue around in her cunt. Finally, I was enjoying a MILF. 

I had beaten my mom. Mrs. Matthews was still out there unfucked, but Mrs. Spencer was mine.

She groaned and squirmed, her boobs jiggling beneath her top. Then she grabbed the hem of her nighties. She pulled it off in a quick flash, sitting up and then falling back down on her pillows in the process.

Big, soft mommy-boobs appeared. They spilled out of her nightie with their jiggling delight. Her nipples were fat and dark-red. She groaned, her arms stretching over her head as I lapped at her cunt. I swirled around in her snatch.

Her pussy walls clenched on me while her big boobs jiggled. My futa-cock throbbed. More pussy cream dribbled down my shaft from my hot cunt. It was so hot watching those amazing boobs quiver. They were perfect. Awesome.

Oh, Sky, yes, she moaned. Oh, that's so good. That's amazing.

I winked at her. 

I thrust my tongue into her twat. I swirled it around in her. She shuddered and then groaned. She humped against me. She ground that wonderful twat on my mouth. I savored every moment of her passion.

Mmm. Mrs. Spencer, I purred. You taste so fucking good.

And you're so skilled at that, Sky!

I've had lots of practice.

God, yes, I remember being sixteen.

I grinned and then fluttered my tongue up to her clit. I sucked hard on her, my fingers stroking the outsides of her thighs. I loved her little pearl. Mine was so huge now. I nursed on her. She gasped, her breasts bucking.

I could tell her orgasm built and built. She would have such a big one. Just a huge cum. I sucked with passion on her clit. She groaned, her boobs jiggling. Then her back arched. Her tits thrust up into the air and smacked together.

They rippled like pudding.

So hot.

Oh, my god, Sky, I'm going to... to... Yes!

Her pussy gushed juices. They flowed out of her twat and coated my mouth. It was so hot to enjoy. I drank them all down. I swallowed every drop of them. My tongue lapped at her folds, gathering up all the creamy drops that flowed out of her. My futa-dick throbbed in envy, my twat clenching as she trembled through her climax.

Oh, my god, Sky, she moaned, humping her pussy against my face.

Mmm, that's delicious, Mrs. Spencer, I moaned, lapping up her cream. She tasted delicious. My tongue caressed over her folds. I licked at her. Drank all that wonderful cream from her. This was perfect. I groaned, my futa-dick throbbing and aching. God, you're sexy.

She trembled, her big boobs jiggling. I had to suck on those lush tits. They were so big and full. Just the sort of tits that I wanted to snuggle up to and enjoy. I licked my lips and rose. My futa-cock throbbed while her pussy cream dripped down my chin.

She panted, her face twisting in pleasure. I ducked my head down and engulfed her nipple. I suckled. My eyes widened as creamy breast milk fired into my mouth. The ultimate treat from a MILF. I groaned at how sweet it was.

So different from cow's milk.

I gulped it down, the warm liquid flowing down my throat. An aftertaste, like cantaloupe, remained behind. The melony flavor suffused my mouth. I suckled on her hard, more of her breast milk squirting into my mouth.

Oh, my god, Sky, she gasped and shuddered as I nursed from her. You naughty girl.

I'm a futa, I moaned around her nipple. I have a dick.

I suckled again as her hand shot down and grabbed my throbbing girl-cock. Yes, you do, she moaned. She stroked up and down my slick shaft. Are your pussy juices running down it?

Uh-huh.

I savored her hand fisting me as I nursed from her nipple. It was such a treat to enjoy. I nursed hard, her milk squirting into my mouth. I groaned and gulped it down. The wonderful cream flowed down my throat. My pussy clenched, the heat rising and rising. My cunt was on fire, the heat swelling in me. I would have such a huge climax.

I squeezed my eyes shut and nursed hard. The milk spilled into my mouth. I groaned at the flavor soaking through my taste buds. She groaned and stroked my cock harder. Her hand flew up and down my big shaft, lubed by my pussy juices leaking out of my cunt.

Oh, Sky, that's amazing, she moaned. And your dick is so huge. Oh, I want this in me. Fuck me.

I kept suckling at her breast, drinking down her motherly delight. That rich, creamy treat warmed my belly. My pussy clenched while my dick throbbed in her stroking hand. She made me feel amazing, made me ache to be in her cunt, but her milk was so addictive.

Please, she begged. I need it.

I nursed with hunger, a large splash of milk spilling over the roof of my mouth. I kept suckling, not letting up on the pressure. My cheeks hollowed. My lungs burned as I needed breath. I maintained it for a heartbeat more, my mouth full of milk.

Fuck me, Sky!

I ripped my lips off her nipple and pushed up her body, sucking in air through my nose. I kissed the married MILF on the lips, thrusting her milk into her mouth with my tongue. She groaned, tasting her creamy delight. It seasoned our kiss while she pulled my cock to her pussy.

My dick slid over her shaved folds and found the entrance. I groaned at that, kissing her, snowballing her sweet breast milk back and forth. With a groan, I thrust into her cunt. I slammed to the hilt in her and savored her pussy engulfing me. Her cunt felt amazing. She swallowed me with such hunger.

My back arched. My body trembled. I whimpered, kissing her with such hunger while I sank inch after inch after inch of my young futa-cock into her MILF-pussy. Finally, I was in a married mother's cunt.

It was heaven.

Yes, moaned the futa-demon in agreement. Oh, yes, yes, finally.

I had won. I had beaten my mother.

I kissed Mrs. Spencer with hunger. My tongue danced around in her mouth. She groaned, sucking on my tongue. She kissed me with hunger. Then her tongue danced around in my mouth. I loved it. I kissed her with passion. I savored the feel of her mouth on mine.

She broke it, her pussy clenching down my girl-dick, and gasped, Oh, wow, my milk tastes delicious.

Of course it does, I moaned. You are delicious.

I kissed her again, my small tits rubbing into her full breasts. I drew back my hips, her pussy clenching about my futa-dick. That wonderful massage gripped me. I groaned and thrust back into her cunt. I filled her up with my dick, her flesh massaging me.

I groaned, kissing her with hunger. It was such a delight. Such a wonderful and amazing passion. I moaned at this. It was incredible for me to enjoy. I pumped away at her. I fucked her with passion. I buried my girl-cock into her pussy's depths.

This was so hot to fuck her with her husband sleeping downstairs. My pussy clenched. My futa-dick ached more and more as her hot flesh massaged me. I buried into her, the bed creaking with the force of our passion.

She broke the kiss and moaned, Oh, god, yes! Sky! Sky! You little futa-slut!

Slut? I gasped in mock indignation.

Sneaking in my bedroom and seducing me with that big! She squeezed her cunt down on my dick. Throbbing! Her twat held me tight as I drew back. Cock!

I grinned at her. You're the slut. A naughty MILF-slut who just loves my big futa-dick fucking her married cunt.

God, yes! she moaned, humping up against me, her hands sliding down to grab my ass. You're so feminine and yet you have that huge dick. It's so hot.

I grinned at her and kissed her. I planted my mouth right on hers, kissing her with a passion. I thrust my tongue into her mouth. I made out with her with hunger. I danced around in this mouth. I loved every moment of it. She shuddered, her pussy squeezing down around me. 

Her flesh massaged me. She kissed me back as I drove into her. I fucked her with more and more passion. With such delight I groaned, my dick throbbing in her cunt. Her flesh gripped me. I buried to the hilt in her.

The stairs creaked.

She froze beneath me as I hammered into her again and again. I heard more stairs creaking. Footsteps approaching. Her husband was coming upstairs. I gasped and ripped out of her. I had to hide. I had to find a place to hide before he found me.

Shit, she hissed, looking around. The closet.

I stumbled to it when a door opened. Not this one. I heard a baby crying. Then the door closed. Mrs. Spencer let out a long sigh of relief as the footsteps headed down the stairs, her husband with their baby.

It's his night to listen to the baby monitor, Mrs. Spencer moaned. He's giving our daughter a bottle.

Oh, good, I groaned, shuddering. So...

So you better finish up in me, she panted. I'm so close. She rolled over onto her hands and knees, wiggling her rump at me. We have about ten to fifteen minutes, so you better make me cum hard before then because he'll probably be coming up to bed!

Yes, Mrs. Spencer! I moaned and fell to the bed.

I jumped on it, my futa-cock bobbing. Juices flicked from the tip and splattered her rump. God, you're such a wicked mommy.

I know, she moaned.

I aimed my cock at her pussy, her folds gaping open from my first penetration, and rammed into her. I buried deep into her, my crotch smacking her plump butt-cheeks. They jiggled. I loved it, her pussy squeezing down around me. She groaned, wiggling her hips from side to side as I pumped away at her.

The bed creaked and groaned as I plowed into her. I fucked into her depths with such powerful strokes. My futa-dick ached in her. The pressure swelled again at the tip of my dick. I loved this so much.

Mrs. Spencer! I groaned. Your pussy is amazing.

So's that girl-dick, she gasped, squeezing her cunt down on me. Oh, yes, yes, I'm going to cum hard.

Good! I moaned. I want that. I want you to explode!

I slid my hands up her body. I grabbed her swinging breasts. I gripped them in both my hands. I held them tight. I squeezed them, loving the way her boobs felt in my palms. She groaned, rocking back into me.

The slap of flesh on flesh echoed through her bedroom. I breathed in the scent of her pussy. That tart delight permeated my nose. I groaned at how amazing it was. I smiled, thrusting my futa-dick to the hilt in her married pussy.

I reveled in cuckolding her husband.

Her pussy felt amazing wrapped about my dick. Just fantastic. I reveled in it. I enjoyed every last second of slamming into her twat. I pumped away hard and fast, driving my girl-dick to the hilt in her married cunt.

Her boobs jiggled in my hands. Her butt-cheeks rippled from the force of my thrusts. I shuddered, this wonderful delight surging through me. My back arched, my own little titties quivering. The time pressure made this more intense.

I had to make her cum right now. I had to get her off and then spurt my jizz in her before her husband put their baby to bed. He could come back in here. Lie down to sleep in his bed instead of on the recliner.

I buried into her pussy hard while my fingers grabbed her nipples. I pulled on them.

Yes! she hissed, her cunt squeezing about my dick. 

The pleasure shot down my body. It was incredible. I groaned, savoring every moment of her pussy's wicked grip. The pleasure surged through my body. My pussy dripped more juices down my thighs as I played with her nipples. I teased them. Pinched them.

Made her squeal.

Her pussy gripped me. She massaged me with her wicked flesh. I groaned, savoring every thrust into her cunt. Every plunge into her pussy. It was fantastic. I groaned, burying to the hilt in her with every thrust into her snatch I made.

Yes, yes, yes! I groaned, twisting those nubs. You're going to explode.

I'm getting there, Sky! Mrs. Spencer rocked back into me. Her butt-cheeks slapped into my crotch. They jiggled. I loved the sound. It was fantastic to hear. A treat. I'm going to cum on your dick.

Good! I groaned and slammed to the hilt in her. Let me feel that pussy convulse!

Yes, yes, yes! she moaned, her twat clenching down tight. I'm getting there. Keep twisting my nipples. Oh, my god, this dick! You're so sexy!

So are you! I moaned, my fingers getting wet with her milk. She was leaking. That was hot. Oh, god, you're such a hot MILF!

I buried into her and she groaned. Her hot pussy rippled around my cock. She came. I loved that she climaxed. That made me shudder. My cock throbbed and ached. Her flesh sucked at me. She made me groan. My face contorted with bliss.

I drew back, her hot flesh rippling around me. That wonderful sheath massaged me. I groaned, my toes curling. The pleasure grew and grew. I was on the verge of exploding. On the verge of that mighty eruption.

Then I gasped and it happened.

I came. Mrs. Spencer!

Sky! she panted as my cum fired into her twat. Ooh, yes!

My pussy convulsed as my cock unloaded in her cunt. The pleasure rippled from my snatch and fired from my cock. I shuddered, savoring the feel of her twat rippling and writhing around my spurting clit-dick. As I bathed her pussy in my seed, she made me feel amazing. 

Yes, yes, yes! I groaned. Oh, fuck, that's good. That's amazing.

There's so much cum! she gasped. So much futa-cum!

Yes! I spurted over and over again.

I pumped her full of my seed. My ovaries emptied into her. I groaned, stars bursting across my vision. I quivered there, loving every second of that wonderful twat rippling around me. I smiled, the delight burning across my mind.

Oh, yes, that's good, I groaned. My body trembled as I unloaded the last of my cum and hit the peak of pleasure. Mmm, that's so fucking good. I love it.

Uh-huh, she panted. Then she gasped. Stairs!

Her husband approached. He was taking their baby to bed, but there was no way I was getting out of the bedroom. I looked around then saw the open closet. I darted for it, ripping out of her cunt. She rolled over onto her back and hauled up the covers. I pressed into the closet, her dresses spilling around me. 

I grabbed the door and pulled on it.

It caught.

I gasped and jiggled it. Then froze. Footsteps were approaching. The bedroom door opened slowly. I sucked in my breath as her husband walked in. She lay on her side, naked beneath the covers. The air smelled of sex. I swallowed, waiting for her husband to notice.

He closed the door softly and then he just fell on his side of the bed. I trembled in shock as he just started snoring. Mrs. Spencer lifted her head and motioned with her hands. I crept out slowly, my heart beating too fast, trembling my body.

I inched my way to the door, my futa-cock swaying before me. Mrs. Spencer bit her lip, watching me the entire way across her bedroom. I reached her door. Grabbed the handle. I winced as I turned it, expecting her husband to wake up.

He didn't. 

I swallowed and then slipped out of the room. My entire body shuddered. My futa-cock throbbed. I closed the door slowly behind me. I padded down the hallway. I swallowed, heading down the stairs. I crept inch after inch down the runners.

Then I was on the first floor. I burst into silent giggles, all this stress bleeding off of me. I did it. I had fucked my first MILF and gotten away with it. I padded on my bare feet to the kitchen and the waiting back door. I slipped out of it, put on my sandals, and rushed around to the front of the house.

I felt invincible as I jogged naked across the street. I jumped up onto the porch and then tore open the front door with panache. I sauntered into my house, alive with the excitement of this moment. I closed the door.

Goddamn, it's good to be a gangsta, I said, popping my hips to that old rap song from the '90s. I saw it in that office movie where they beat the printer to death. I hummed beneath my breath, my hips swaying back and forth.

The stairs creaked.

Someone was coming down them.

I froze. Then I rushed to the kitchen, my sandals still on. I had to establish my cover for being out of bed. I panted, my futa-cock flopping around. I opened up the door to get a glass of water. I could hear them padding closer and closer, feet whisking on the carpet.

Mmm, Sky, Mom purred as I pulled out a glass. You have a cute tush, you know that.

It's an ass, Mom, I said, wiggling it, my heart pounding. Not a tush. I'm not three.

Mmm, you'll always be my baby girl, she said, coming up behind me. My sexy baby girl.

I shuddered as her arms wrapped around me. I shifted and realized I was still wearing my sandals. Oh, god, if she noticed. My dick dripped with Mrs. Spencer's pussy cream. I swallowed as Mom's big boobs rubbed into my back while her cock nuzzled into my butt-crack. 

Her hands slid up to my breasts. She squeezed and kneaded them. My heart thundered a thousand miles per hour. I trembled, so aware of what I was wearing. If she noticed... If she just looked down.

Mmm, get your drink, she moaned. Don't mind Mommy. She's just horny.

Yeah, I've noticed, I said, squeezing my butt-cheeks around her big girl-dick.

Just horny for that cute tush. She kissed at my shoulders, her nipples so hard against my back. 

I thrust the glass beneath the faucet and pulled up on the central lever, turning it right for cold. The water gushed out and filled up my glass. As I did that, her futa-cock slid down my butt-crack. I swallowed as she pressed it right against my asshole.

She really was horny for my cute tush. I shuddered as she just pushed against my asshole. No asking. No questions. Not that I would refuse her, of course. God, no, I loved getting fucked by my mother.

And I had gotten away with fucking Mrs. Spencer. Mom had no idea.

I smiled and groaned as my anal ring surrendered to her futa-dick. Her big mommy-cock slid into my bowels. My pussy, dripping juices, clenched. My futa-cock throbbed before me. I took a sip of the water and then set it aside.

Oh, god, yes, Mom! I groaned. Mmm, this is just what I need to help me sleep.

Mommy always knows best, she purred, her fingers massaging my nipples. She dug into my breasts. I groaned, loving the way she kneaded my tits.

Her futa-cock bottomed out in me. Her silky pubic hair rubbed into my rump. I groaned, squeezing my anal sheath around her cock. I grabbed the counter, bracing my hands, ready to get my ass reamed by her big mommy-cock.

She drew back. I shuddered, clenching my asshole down around her shaft. The velvety friction melted through my cunt and up my futa-cock. I shuddered in delight, her fingers pinching my nipples. It was amazing. The slow pull back had me groaning.

Then she thrust in hard. Fast.

Fuck, Mom!

Mmm, yes, purred Mommy. My little girl needs her tushy fucked hard.

God, tushy's even more childish than tush.

I know! she groaned, her dick pulling back, sending more pleasure rippling out of my bowels.

I leaned over the sink, pulling my back away from her big tits. That hard cock filled me up. It was incredible to feel. I squeezed my asshole down on it, drinking in the friction as she thrust away. She buried her girl-cock into my bowels.

I groaned, squeezing my ass down hard around her girl-dick. The pleasure rippled through me. Her hands kneaded my tits, her fingers digging into my boobs. I loved how she massaged me. I shuddered, savoring her big clit-dick thrusting into my asshole.

Oh, yes, Sky, she groaned. That's good. Oh, that's wonderful. Your tushy is making my mommy-cock feel so good.

Great, I groaned. Because you are making my cunt so wet and my dick so hard.

Ooh, do you have a hard cock? she asked, thrusting her right hand down from my tit to grab it. She gripped my dick and pumped up and down my slick shaft. You're wet. Did you fuck Georgia before coming down here.

Uh-huh, I lied. 

Wonderful, she moaned, stroking me and fucking my asshole at the same time. She's such a nice girl. You two are so adorable together.

Yeah, I groaned, my bowels clenching down on her cock plunging into me.

Her stroking hand and thrusting dick sent two different pleasures rippling through my pussy. My ovaries drank them in, my next load of cum swelling in them. I groaned, loving the hard thrusts of the mommy-cock reaming my bowels and that soft hand pumping up and down my dick.

This was amazing. My futa-mother made me feel amazing. She thrust into me while her silky hand kept brushing the spongy crown of my dick. Pleasure shot down my shaft each time she did that, swirling with the bliss melting from my asshole.

Yes, yes, yes! I gasped. Pound my ass with that big mommy-dick!

Mmm, you have such a tight tushy, Sky!

Mom, I groaned, clamping my asshole down on it. 

She giggled. Mmm, always be my baby girl.

How could she embarrass me and make me feel amazing at the same time? 

I shuddered as she rammed that big futa-dick into my bowels. She fucked me with such passion. I groaned, savoring the bliss as it flooded through my body. This was incredible to enjoy. I savored every moment of it. Every last second of her futa-dick slamming into me.

My pleasure built and built with each of her strokes. She swelled that delight with her amazing cock. Her breasts heaved. Her left hand massaged my little tit while her right pumped up and down my dick. My pussy grew hotter and hotter.

Yes, yes, yes! I gasped, juices running down my thighs.

My sweet Sky! she moaned. My sexy, little girl. Ooh, that's good. That's amazing. Oh, that's wonderful. I'm going to cum! I'm going to cum so hard!

Me, too! I groaned.

She slammed so hard into my bowels. Her bush tickled my rump every time she buried into me. Her hand flew up and down my cock. I gripped the sink so hard. My sandal-clad feet squeaked on the linoleum as they shifted around. This was incredible.

Mom's hand stroked up my cock while her futa-dick buried into my asshole. I groaned at the heat. It swept through me. I clenched my bowels down around her thrusting cock. The pleasure melted down to my cunt. I groaned, trembling. Her hand pumped up and down my dick, bringing me closer and closer to erupting.

Fuck, Mom!I gasped as she stroked up to the tip of my cock. She brushed my spongy crown. Pleasure exploded down my shaft and into my pussy. My ovaries quivered. Yes!

I came.

My asshole writhed around my mother's cock while my spasming cunt gushed juices down my thighs. My futa-dick pulsed in her hand. She stroked up and down me as I unloaded my cum onto the cupboard beneath the sink.

Yes, yes, yes! I gasped. Oh, Mom, that's so good!

It is! she moaned and plunged away at my spasming asshole. Oh, you're making my mommy-cock feel so good!

She erupted. Her hot cum fired into my bowels as she buried her cock to the hilt in me. Her wiry bush rubbed against my flesh. I loved the feel of it as her cum pumped over and over into my bowels. The pleasure was incredible. Stars burst across my vision. They twinkled before me.

Oh, god, yes! I groaned, my asshole milking her girl-dick. This pleasure was incredible. Amazing. That's so good. Oh, fuck, Mom, that's amazing!

I'm glad you like that, she purred, dumping more and more of her cum into my bowels. There you are. That's it. Ooh, honey, that's amazing. I'm so glad I could fuck you hard!

I know, I groaned, my mind reeling from the delight of my orgasm. I fired that final blast of cum while my asshole milked her dick dry. Oh, Mom, that's great.

She slid her hand from my cock and panted. She hugged me and kissed my cheek. Mmm, that was amazing.

It was, I said. Just what I need to sleep.

Mmm, me, too. She slid out of me. I groaned in delight, my toes curling against my sandals. Then she popped out and hummed happily. I turned to find her licking her hand. She froze.

My stomach clenched. Something wrong?

I just thought Georgia's pussy tasted spicy. This is more tart.

Guess you were wrong, I lied, my stomach twisting into knots.

Uh-huh, she said and yawned. Oh, I have to get some beauty sleep. Night, Sky.

Night, Mom, I said and watched her walk away.

A wild rush of exhilaration rippled through me. I did it. I had fucked a MILF and gotten away with it. And tomorrow I had school. Mrs. Yancy, Mrs. Fredrickson, and Mrs. Reyes all popped into my mind. MILFs that needed my big dick. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Madeline Marlow

Okay, okay, let's get going, I said the next morning. Let's get you three to school.

I hummed as I ushered Georgia, Natalie, and Sky out of the house. They all attended the same high school where I worked as a secretary. I felt so energized this morning. I had tamed Sky. She was a happy girl this morning.

I unlocked my car with the remote and we all piled in, Sky taking the front passenger seat, Natalie and Georgia sliding into the back. I started up the car, some Christian a cappella music playing, filling the car with joyful noise.

That's nice, I said, nodding along as I backed out the car.

Yes, it is, Sky purred, her hand sliding up my leg. She reached for my crotch. I wasn't wearing any panties.

I let my futa-dick grow into her hand as I finished backing out onto the street. Mrs. Spencer, standing on her porch getting her paper waved to us. I waved back, glad I stopped Sky from ruining the lovely woman's marriage.

There's that Mommy-cock, Sky purred and ducked her head down. She pulled my futa-dick out from beneath my skirt and sucked it into her mouth.

Oh, yes, I moaned as she nursed on my mommy-cock. Mmm, I'm going to make sure I find you a virgin to deflower. You be a good girl at school and don't seduce any of your married teachers, and you'll have another cherry to pop. How does that sound?

Sky groaned around my cock.

I smiled in delight. I was so glad that my daughter and I had come to an understanding. It was so wonderful. Everything would be just perfect. I glanced at my rear passenger mirror and saw Grace. The futa-angel was squirming.

Relax, relax, those girls were going to lose their cherries one day. Why not to my Sky?

Right, Grace said back, nodding in the mirror. You have stopped your daughter. You're a good mom.

Yes, I was. I savored my daughter sucking on my dick as I drove us to the school. 

To be continued...
