Author: mypenname3000
Title: In Another World with My Bimbo App Four: Hag to Slutty Bimbo Hottie in a Flash
Summary: A wrinkled hag is transformed into a busty and ripe hottie!
Keywords: MF FFFF MFF FF mc oral faial creampie anal A2M rim ws spank D/s exhib voy monster fantasy magic isekai

Copywrite 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my beta reader for helping out!

Mark Johnson

The shaggy bull charged out of the clearing.

Fuck! I cursed, my bimbofied goblin-slave impaled on my cock. The other two goblin-bimbos scattered for cover as the bull charged at us.

Oh, no! Anni squealed and dove out of its path, rolling across the forest floor as the bull thundered right at me, its horns gleaming.

No, no, no, this is super baddie! Cally cried, my bimbo-elf quivering nearby.

I ripped the goblin-slave off my cock and threw her clear. She was so light that she hurtled through the air and landed with a roll on the ground. The earth shook beneath my back at the thundering footsteps. I gained my feet. It was about to crash into me.

Implus mai virtutem taurith! a woman cried out.

A moment later, someone in purple robes landed before me and swung her staff. It struck the bull right in the head. A violet light flashed and the bull crashed to the ground at her feet. It bellowed, legs kicking, stunned but not dead.

Mastery Master! Anni squealed as my bimbo-fighter charged forward now, her sword out. She buried it into the chest of the bull, piercing through its shaggy hide and into its body. It stiffened then collapsed, tongue spilling out of its open mouth. Yay! I killedy it! Wooty woot!

She danced up and down, her big boobs jiggling in her breastplate.

The robbed woman whirled around to face me. She was old, her face more wrinkled than my grandma's. She had a turkey neck, the skin sagging. Her hair was snow white. Despite her advanced years, she had unnatural strength to her body.

Way more than she should have. 

The old crone glared at me, disgusting on her lips as she flicked down to my cock dripping in the goblin's pussy juices. A contemptible sneer crossed her lips as she yanked her gaze back up to my face. She gripped her staff with wrinkled fingers. 

You are lucky you didn't get trampled, fool! she said, her voice raspy like she had smoked cigarettes every day for the last century. And she might well be a hundred given how wizened she looked. Why are you having sex in the middle of the woods? There are monsters around here, idiot!

I just was astonished by what she had done. What are you? I mean, you were jumping and swinging that staff. You knocked that bull out cold like a bodybuilder or something.

I am a woman with manners unlike you, she said, the contempt still in her tone. As for who I am, you have the pleasure of being saved from your lusty folly by Erotha the Enchantress.

I just gave her a blank look.

You've never heard of me? she asked, shaking her head. 

No. I glanced at her. So you're a mage or something?

I am an enchanter. She peered at me then groaned. You are out here in the Blackmoss Forest with no idea what an enchanter is?
I shrugged my shoulders, feeling suddenly so sheepish. Uh, sorry, no. What do you do?


You truly are one of the biggest idiots I have met, she said. Did Aliyama forget to pour a drop of intelligence into your mind? How can you be wandering out here with an adventuring party, and not know about one of the eight basic classes?

I felt like I had slipped into the wrong class at school on accident. Sorry.

She let out a heavy sigh. We are not mages who use magic to unleash elemental forces in external ways. Her eyes narrow. That means they create explosions and other destructive attacks. Enchanters focus their magic internally. We can buff ourselves and others. Enhance strength, stamina, toughness, hardness, and sharpness. Things like that.

Garbadak, the goblin I had been fucking squealed. She ran up and hugged me, looking out past me. 

Her brows furrowed as she studied her and the other two slaves. Are you enslaving female monsters and fornicating with them? The contempt in her eyes flared into bright anger. You despicable lowlife. I shall teach you some proper behavior, pervert!

Master doesn't pick apples! Anni shouted. He's a nobley hero who fights and loves and fucks and has a biggie dick and

Silence, slattern! Erotha the Enchantress hissed as she unwound the belt from her robe that cinched it about her waist. What is wrong with her? Did you do something to her? Some spell.

Well...

I bent down and grabbed my phone. That's really none of your business.

Defending the innocents from villains is my business! She tightened her grip on the belt, her wrinkled knuckles going white. Balteum meus impla cummae adolore!

She swung it and hit my waist. It wrapped around and struck my ass. Agony erupted. Far, far more than should have happened from a simple belt slapping my side. She didn't even swing it that hard.

I screamed at the pain. Anni gasped and drew her sword. Cally grabbed her bow. My knee almost buckled from that one hit. She put a fucking pain spell on that belt. You bitch!

Oh, you shall pay dearly for that insult, scum, she said, drawing back her belt.

I aimed my phone at her out of reflex as she raised the belt again. I wasn't thinking as I hit the App. The prompt, Bimbofy Erotha And Add Her to the Party? appeared on my phone. Beneath it was two big buttons: 

YES or NO. 

She hit me again.

Agony exploded through me. I nearly burst into tears from the pain. Getting kicked in the balls didn't hurt this much. She drew back a third time, my bimbos shouting out in alarm. I just wanted this to stop.

Yes! I shouted out as I hit the button. I didn't give a shit about making the granny a bimbo. I didn't want to fuck her, I just didn't want to get whipped again. 

I noticed in that moment that I had 9 Magic Crystals. I should only have 2. All of them vanished as I realized that the bull must have been Level 7. A powerful monster that Anni must have kill-stealed from Erotha.

My bimbo-fighter had saved my ass because the process was working on Erotha. She rose into the air, gasping. The fucking belt dropped from her hand and landed on the ground. The pink light swirled up her body, transforming her.

The hem of her robes vanished. Her dainty feet were clad in purple heels. Stiletto heels. The magic washed up her, those legs of hers looking so firm and youthful, hugged in purple, thigh-high stockings. Her robe utterly vanished. Instead, she had a thin loincloth of purple hanging off a thin band of cloth that covered her pussy and ass. The cloth hung down between her legs and swayed as she shuddered. Her hips curved. Her stomach was flat. Her skin...

Looked young.

Smooth and peachy. Her bellybutton so cute. Not a wrinkle or blemish to be found. No mole. No scars. No flab. Her breasts appeared cupped in a purple bustier that had tails that fell down her back like she wore an open robe.

Her boobs were big.

Ripe and jiggling. No sag. No, no. Her fingers weren't wrinkled, either. She clutched not her staff but a wooden dildo. The magic washed over her face. It was still Erotha's face, but gone were all the wrinkles. Instead of looking eighty, she appeared eighteen. Her lips plump and red, her white hair now black as midnight and falling glossy down her back. 

The Bimbo App had de-aged her from a granny to a barely legal hottie.

She landed on the ground with delicate grace. Her eyes lit up with such a huge smile. She threw her arms up in the air, waving her wooden dildo around. Her big boobs jiggled in her bustier, almost threatening to pop out.

Ooh, ooh, Master! she gasped. Yay! I was so maddy at you, and I don't know why I would ever be maddy or angry or maddy. You're so handsomey. I lovey dovey you, Master! Yay!

Yay! both Anni and Cally said while I was still stinging from the hard spanks with her pain-enchanted belt. Which was gone. It no longer lay on the ground. We lovey dovey Master, too!

I now had Erotha the Enchantress as my bimbo. And she was hot. No fucking granny now. She was a busty, barely legal bimbo-slut that had my dick throbbing hard again. The pain faded from her spell, but I was still pissed at her.

That fucking hurt, I growled. Erotha, get naked right now!

Okey-dokey, Master. She glanced down. Ooh, ooh, perky boobies. I thought mine were all nasty and saggy and not hottie, but... I'm a hottie again. Yay!

Yeah, not a shriveled-up fucking prune any longer, I said. Show me that tight, young body. Now!

Yesy sir, Master! She beamed at me, her brown eyes brimming with delight.

She stared down at her new outfit and looked very confused. It was like she didn't know how to take it off. She stroked her hands over her bustier and found the knots beneath the cups holding up her big boobs. She found a knot. Tugged.

The lacings came undone and it sprang open. Her boobs boinged out of the garment, springing out to their full size. They were even bigger than I thought. They slapped together with their ripe and perky plumpness. They defied gravity the way anime titties did, too. They were gorgeous.

Oh, yes, you've improved, I said. But you have to be punished for spanking me.

Yesy, I do, Master, she said as she slid her hands down her smooth, silky skin. She had a flawless body. She reached her loincloth. The straps that held the thin strips of cloth draped over her curvy rump and hiding her pussy were knotted together on her right hip. She tugged on it.

The cloth fell away revealing her shaved pussy, her cunt dripping with her juices. A sweet aroma filled my nose. I breathed in the musk. It was a delicious aroma, but I was still angry with her. Angry and... I had to pee.

On your knees, I said, grabbing my cock. Something Anni had suggested I do earlier rang in my mind. And Cally had thought it was hot. 

Erotha dropped to her knees before me. She stared up at me with this wild look in her brown eyes. Her black hair fell down her body. She cupped those big, lush tits. My ass still stung. The heat burned across my skin from that pain-enchanted belt.

You were a bad, bad slut for whipping me, I said. This is what naughty sluts get when they've been bad!

I relaxed my bladder and unleashed the piss on her.

The urine splashed on Erotha's beautiful face. I groaned as it felt good to release my pee. I soaked her in the golden liquid, reveling in it. She had to be punished a tad more, but... She clearly was enamored with it. She opened her mouth wide and drank it.

My piss dripped onto her breasts and ran over those big, lush mounds. Rivulets of yellow poured over her chin as she closed her mouth to swallow my piss. She opened again, her eyes shut as she quivered in delight.

Not fair! Cally moaned, my blonde bimbo-elf stamping her foot. Not fairy fair!

I shuddered as the piss flowed out of me and splashed across Erotha's face. I aimed it at her tits. She cupped them and jiggled them, giggling as I coated them in my piss. It was... exciting pissing on her. She was so devoted to me nowto the despicable lowlife pervert that she detested beforethat she was eager to be urinated on.

I kept up the golden shower for a few more heartbeats before I ran out of urine. I groaned as the last drops splashed on her boobs. I panted, feeling so good, though. I was glad that I had pissed all over her. It was just a perfect moment.

Damn, I groaned. That's what you get.

Yeppers! she said with such enthusiasm. I deservey to have all Master's urine all over me! She giggled.

Yeah, I said then shook my head. Uh, goblins, lick her clean!

The three green shortstacks raced forward. Their big boobs bounced as they all dropped around Erotha. Without hesitating, they started lapping at her. They licked at her with passion, gathering up the piss soaking her body.

Two of them were licking at her big boobs, gathering up the lines of piss on her boobs. They reached her nipples, sucking them clean. Erotha squealed in delight. she quivered there in delight while the other was lapping at her face.

Such nicey goblin-slavey girls! she cooed. Ooh, ooh, sucky on my pissy nipples.

She groaned when the goblin lapping at her face kissed her. Where they shoveling my urine back and forth. I groaned, my dick so hard. I loved the sight. I even pulled out my phone and captured a picture of the wicked sight with the Bimbo App.

Erotha being licked clean of piss by the goblin-slaves! #1stGoldenShower #WSMemory #IsekaiFun 

I shook my head at the caption the app gave it, but I was glad that it was saved. I glanced at the battery. My charge wasn't going down. That was interesting. Then I clicked on Erotha's smiling picture beneath the other two. 

She was a Level 1 Bimbo Enchanter. Clearly, she had lost all her levels when she was recruited, poor thing. Now she only had one skill, and it had nothing to do with enchanting a belt with pain to whip me. 

Excellent.

She had Enchant Dildo Wand as her one ability. I read the description: Bimbo Enchanter shoves her dildo wand into her pussy to coat it with magical powers. Any weapon touched gets magical enchantment. 

So right now, she could buff us. That sounded like a fun ability. I was eager to use her. I glanced down at the goblins. One of them had cum matting her black bush. The one that I had fucked. She was sucking on Erotha's nipple.

Okay, okay, I said. I tapped the goblin that I had jizzed in before the hairy bull attacked. You, on your back.

She smiled up at me and did just that, her slave collar flashing about her throat.

Erotha, lick her pussy clean, I ordered.

Yesy sir, I willy do, Master! Erotha said, flashing me a plump and happy smile. 

She bent over, pulling away from the other two goblin-slaves. My bimbofied enchantress leaned over and nuzzled her face into the goblin's thick, cum-matted bush. I loved the sight of her feasting on that creampie, her ass wiggling back and forth.

Time to enjoy me some anal. Anni, Cally, keep watch on any other dangerous monsters. We don't want another bull to attack us.

An auroch, Master sir! said Anni. It's a meany auroch. Way way way more dangerous than a bull.

Right, right, I said. A level 7 monster was bad to encounter now.

I fell to my knees and pressed my cock between Erotha's butt-cheeks. I slid down and down to find her anal ring. I nuzzled against her, loving how she squirmed and wiggled back and forth, moaning into the goblin-slut's pussy.

I loved the sounds the bimbo-enchantress made as I drilled against her asshole. I gripped her hips and thrust hard against her anal ring. She groaned as her sphincter widened. I loved the feel of that velvety hole widening around my cock.

Yes, I groaned as I popped into her anal sheath.

Master's biggie dick in my buttyhole, moaned Erotha as I sank into her bowels. It's my lucky ducky day!

Yay! squealed Cally. Lucky ducky happy day!

Watch for monsters, I reminded her, the elf staring at me sliding my cock into the enchantress's asshole.

Oh, righty oh! I fowgot! She giggled in the cute fashion of a bimbo, her ears twitching. I'll keep you nicey and safety while you butty fuck her!

Good girl, I said as my cock sank to the hilt in Erotha's asshole. She felt so good around me. I loved having her anal sheath around me. 

I loved this life. I would enjoy it so much. Just have such a grand time doing all these naughty things with my bimbos. This fantasy world would be just amazing. I gripped Erotha's hips and drew back my dick. She moaned into the goblin's naughty pussy as I thrust back into her.

I buried to the hilt in her bowels. I fucked deep and hard into her anal sheath. I savored the feel of her tight, young asshole. I had improved her. I loved that. It was so hot pounding the bimbo in the ass while her supple butt-cheeks jiggled.

I smacked her ass and loved how her cheeks rippled.

Damn, you are such a fine-ass slut! I said. Just fucking the best!

Ooh, ooh, thanky so muchy much! she moaned. And so is this pussy! It's a nummy yummy pussy twat full of jizzies and cummies and juices and so much deliciousy thingies. Yay!

Enjoy, I grunted, hammering her asshole as I drew back my hand.

SMACK!

She gasped as I spanked her ass. Her butt-cheeks clenched and her asshole clamped down around me. That felt just perfect. I loved it so much. I savored that heat around my cock. It was a wonderful passion fucking her anal sheath. I buried into her again and again. 

SMACK!

Naughty bimbo! I groaned. 

Yesy yes! she moaned, her butt-cheeks blushing red. So naughty! For you, Master! I lovey your cock fuckying my asshole!

I grinned, hammering her anal sheath with force. I plowed to the hilt in her bowels. I fucked her over and over again, savoring that wonderful delight squeezing around my asshole. Her velvety sheath brought me closer and closer to cumming.

Closer and closer to that magical moment when I would flood her with all my spunk. I couldn't wait to hose her asshole down. She gripped my bowels with so much force. It was just a spectacular delight. I loved how she gripped me. 

SMACK!

She squealed again, rubbing her face into the goblin's thick bush. She licked and lapped at her. Just gathering all that wonderful cum that spilled out of the goblin's snatch. My cum. I groaned, reveling in the power of the app.

It was fantastic being in this world with my Bimbo App.

I was one lucky man to fuck this tight asshole and enjoy all this delight squeezing around my dick. I grunted with each thrust into her anal sheath, my nuts slapping into her taint. I would pump her full of all that cum. Just fill her to the brim with my jizz.

She squeezed her bowels down around my dick. Her asshole held me tight. She gripped me with that fantastic anal sheath. Her reddened butt-cheeks jiggled with my every plunge into her delicious asshole.

Fuck, Erotha! I groaned. Oh, fuck, that's great. Just amazing!

Yesy yes! she gasped as she wiggled her hips.

The goblin was moaning, too. Her big boobs bounced and jiggled as she lay on her back, being devoured. The other two goblins fingered each other's pussies as they watched, their yellow gleaming with lust. 

I grinned at my goblin-slaves as I pounded my new party member hard in the ass. I fucked her bowels with force. It was such a delicious thing. I hammered her with everything I had. I enjoyed this passion as I watched those two fingering each other.

The pressure grew and grew at the tip of my dick to cum in Erotha. 

SMACK!

Her butt-cheek jiggled as I plunged back into her asshole. She moaned into the goblin's bush, Ooh, ooh, so naughty! Yesy yes, Master!

So naughty, I groaned as I fucked her asshole. I pounded her with force. I fucked her with such passion as the pressure grew.

The goblin shuddered. Her thighs squeezed about Erotha's head. She held her to that pussy and bucked with delight. Her head tossed as she squealed out in passion. She climaxed on Erotha's mouth, the goblin drowning the enchantress.

Yummy pussy creamy goodies! squealed Erotha as I buried into her asshole.

So good, I groaned, remembering the delightful taste of the goblins' snatches.

I slammed hard into her anal sheath. She gripped me with that hot anal sheath. The pleasure swelled as I drew back. She moaned into the bimbo-goblin's pussy. Her asshole spasmed around me as I thrust back into her.

Cummies! she howled, her anal sheath writhing around my cock.

I loved feeling her bowels spasming around me. She suckled at me with that hot delight. I plowed back to the hilt in her and erupted. My cum spurted out of my cock and into her asshole. I spurted over and over again.

The pleasure swept through me. My mind burned beneath all this delight. It was a wonderful ecstasy to have rushing through me. I groaned with each spurt of jizz I fired into her bowels. It was fantastic to have all that pleasure rushing through me.

Fuck! I growled.

Master's cummies! gasped Cally. Lucky ducky!

I'm a lucky ducky plucky! Erotha gasped as if that made any sense.

I didn't care, though. Her asshole writhed around my spurting dick. She suckled at me with such wondrous bliss. I grunted, erupting into her again and again. I filled her with all my spunk. I hosed her down, savoring that bliss sweeping through me. It was fantastic. I loved it so much. I groaned through all the ecstasy as I spurted into her anal sheath over and over again.
Fuck, fuck, fuck, I groaned, savoring all that spunk erupting from my cock and
 into her asshole.

She milked my dick dry. She pulled out all that jizz. I savored it. I groaned as the pleasure washed through me. My mind bathed in euphoria. Wonderful bliss that rippled over all my thoughts. I felt amazing right now.

Just fantastic.

I shuddered, sucking in a deep breath. A big smile spread on my lips as her anal sheath nursed at me. I sucked in a deep breath, just enjoying this bliss. It was a fabulous moment. I could just float off happy right now with my bimbo adventuring party.

That was how I felt. This was an incredible moment. A big smile crossed my lips as my heart raced in my chest. I pulled out my cock and stood. My dick bobbed before me, dirty. It needed to be cleaned. I glanced at the two goblins fingering each other.

I arched an eyebrow. Come clean my cock, goblin-sluts!

Gababable! they both gasped together and bounded to their feet. They were so short that their mouths were at the perfect height to suck my dick. Their boobs bounced as they rushed around the panting Erotha to reach me. Gakabaka!

Sure, sure, I said as the pair of them both licked up the side of my cock, their yellow eyes staring up at me with delight. Enjoy.

They reached the tips of my dirty dick and stroked over the crown. I groaned as the pleasure swept through me. Their tongues danced around the crown. Pleasure shot through me. They both polished my dirty dick.

They went back to the base and lapped up again. Their warm, wet tongues felt so good. My goblin-slaves reached the pinnacle again. I groaned as I savored those wonderful lips now kissing at the tip. They smooched there, driving me wild.

That's good, I groaned, sliding my fingers through their thick, black hair. Such good bimbo-slaves. 

They both squealed in delight.

Then the one on the right swallowed my cock.

Her lips slid over the crown and sealed about my cock. She suckled with passion on me. She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my dick. The other goblin shivered there, wanting to suckle on me, too.

But I only had the one cock.

You'll get your turn, I told the one the left. Shit, that's good. That's just so good.

She nursed hard on my cock as she worked her mouth up and down my dick. She stared up at me with such adoring eyes devoid of any intelligence. Just that joyful thrill of a bimbo sucking my dirty dick clean of my enchantress's asshole. I loved it.

I glanced up to see Cally springing at Erotha. My elven archer, who was supposed to be on watch, buried her face in between Erotha's butt-cheeks to lick at her asshole. She tongued her anal sheath, lapping at her with hunger.

She gathered up my jizz. What a slut. Just rimming another woman's asshole to get my cum. I wanted to tell her to get back on watch, but it was too hot witnessing her doing it. Her pointed ears quivered as she feasted.

You are such a cum-slut, Cally, I said.

I am! she said. Ooh, ooh, so much cummies in your buttyhole for me, Erotha!

Enjoy! purred the enchantress, obviously happy about it. She still had her face nuzzling into the goblin's pussy. 

Another orgasm? Nice.

I glanced down at the goblin sucking my dick. She nursed hard while the other whimpered and squirmed. Share, I told the one blowing me. She deserves to have my dirty dick, too!

That goblin ripped her mouth free with a wet plop and nodded, drool dripping down her chin. She nodded while the other opened her mouth wide and swallowed my cock. It was so delicious having her mouth sliding over my cock.

She nursed on me with passion. Her tongue danced around my cock, buffing me clean. It was just a fantastic moment to enjoy this delight. She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my cock. She suckled at me with all that she was worth.

Her cheeks hollowed as she suckled on me. It was a fabulous treat to have her blowing me while watching my bimbo-elf licking out my bimbo-enchantress's asshole. Cally feasted, her hips wiggling back and forth.

I want some cummies! whimpered Anni.

Stay on watch, I groaned. You'll get a big reward later!

Yay! She jumped up and down, her big boobs jiggling in her steel bikini.

She was so cute.

The goblin sucking on my dick popped her mouth off and traded it back to the first. I loved how that hottie nursed on me. Her big boobs swayed as she bobbed her head, pleasuring me. I knew I would be cumming in their faces.

They would love that.

Damn, you two are such good bimbo-slaves, I said. Yes, you are. You're going to make some guys very happy when I sell you.

The one not sucking my cock beamed at me. The other nursed with such passion on my cock.

I was glad to bring them such joy. It was a delight to have that warm mouth working up and down my dick. She suckled on me with such passion. She nursed on me with all that she did. I groaned, my nuts twitching.

Share, I groaned. I'm going to cum on both your faces, but only if you're good bimbo-goblins!

Her yellow eyes bulged. She ripped her mouth off my cock. Gakadai!

That's right, I said as the other swallowed my cock. Cum all over your cute faces.

I love cummies, whimpered Anni.

And you'll your big reward, I told her.

I will! She bounced up and down, already forgetting I made the promise once. Her tits nearly popped out of her bikini again. I loved it.

The two goblins loved my dick. They took turns sucking on me. One then the other, their lips sliding over my crown. They nursed eagerly, wanting me to cum on their faces. I was so ready to erupt on them. Just so eager to have all their cum spurting on their faces.

They both were so delicious. Cally wiggled her hips as she feasted on Erotha's asshole. The naughty elf must have her tongue wiggling around in the bimbo-enchantress's backdoor to scoop out all my cum. So very, very naughty.

That's it, I groaned to the goblin-slaves. You're going to get so much cum spurting on your faces!

They both were so eager. I loved it. The pressure in my nuts hurtled toward that bursting point. One goblin suckled on me then the other. It was pure delight. My nuts brimmed with the load to spray all over their cute faces.

I groaned, savoring that wonderful build up. I rose toward it as they loved me. My dick felt amazing in their mouths. They passed me back and forth until I hit that moment of eruption. That wonderful peak of bliss.

Shit! I groaned. Stop sucking! I'm going to jizz all of your faces!

The one nursing on my cock ripped her lips off with a wet plop. The other grabbed my shaft and fisted up and down me. She worked her hand hard, pumping away at my cock. The pleasure of this moment swelled and swelled. The need to burst rose in my nuts. 

Yes! I groaned.

Gobly dobly! they both moaned together, looking so eager.

That's right! I growled and erupted.

I pumped my jizz across their faces. I trembled as the pleasure swept through me. It was such a wonderful moment to have all that rapture slamming through me. I groaned, stars bursting across my vision as I hosed them down.

My pearly spunk splattered across their green skin. I hosed them down, soaking them in my cum. It was a fantastic rush to have all that ecstasy sweeping through me. I groaned with each blast of jizz that slammed through me.

Shit! I groaned.

Master's cummies! Anni squealed as I pumped more and more cum across the goblin-slaves' faces. Yay!

The goblins opened their mouths to catch my jizz. I shuddered, spraying them with every drop of cum that I had. The pleasure slammed through me one more time. I swayed there, loving how great I felt right now. 

That was good, I groaned, my eyes flicking to Cally feasting on Erotha's asshole.

The goblins turned and licked my cum off each other's faces. They were having a fun time doing that. They lapped it all up then met in a kiss. I loved it. They were so sexy as they passed my jizz back and forth.

Cally popped her head up. Ooh, ooh, cummies! she said. I want some!

You had enough, I said. Back to keeping watch. You've left poor Anni doing it alone!

Oh, righty! The bimbo-elf giggled. I fowgot.

She hopped to her feet and darted off to keep watch. I shook my head and rolled my eyes. This would be interesting adventuring with my bimbo party. I glanced at Erotha who lifted her head from the other goblin-slave's pussy. Juices dripped down her chin.

I smiled at her. She grinned back.

I crooked my finger. She hopped to her feet and squealed, Master! Master! Do you need me!

Her huge boobs heaved as she rushed over to me. They were big enough to give Hitomi J-Cup a run for her money. She reached me and thrust her arms behind her back. She still had her stockings and heels on, looking sexy as she squirmed there.

I cupped her face and kissed her, loving the tangy flavor of the goblin's pussy. Those big, lush boobs pressed against me. I had to see those massive things bouncing. That would be incredible. I was just so ready for that moment. My tongue danced with hers.

I broke the kiss and said, I want you to ride me.

But you're not a horsey, Master, she said and giggled. You only ride horseys or unycorns! I rode a unycorn just last week!

I rolled my eyes and sank to the ground. I grabbed my dick and held it up. I want you to ride my cock by impaling that cunt down it and working your pussy up and down my shaft. Bouncing on me like you're riding a horse.

Oooh, she said. That's sexy stuff. Ooh, ooh, I want to do sexy things with you, Master!
She dropped to her knees, her huge tits slapping together. I held my cock up. She lowered her pussy folds to it. Her juicy flesh rubbed on me. That felt amazing. I loved it. She wiggled her hips then pushed down.

To my shock, I felt a hymen. 

You're a virgin? I gasped. 

She nodded. I always thought sexy stuff was grossy but it's not. It's super awesomey and fun and hottie!

She plunged down my cock. Her eyes bulged as her cherry popped. My dick penetrated into Erotha's untouched pussy. I shuddered as she sank all the way down me. She took me to the hilt in a single go, her boobs bouncing.

Ooh, ooh, that's so amazeying great, Master! she gasped, her tits slapping together. God, she had such amazing knockers. They were just fabulous to watch swaying over my head. I couldn't wait for her to start bouncing. Wow! I have a cock in me! Looksie! Looksie! I have a biggie dickie in me! Master's dickie! Yay!

Yay! Anni and Cally both cheered while the goblins all bounced and spoke in their strange language, their huge tits heaving, too.

I was surrounded by big boobs. I felt like Issei from High School DxD. I was a bimbo master. That was my class, and I would enjoy it.

A branch rustled over my head as Erotha slid her pussy up my dick. She squeezed her snatch around my cock while those magnificent breasts swayed before me. I groaned, staring at them. I couldn't look away from them. I was entranced by the. By their majesty. They were just perfect to look at. I was so happy to watch them.

Another bullaurochcould charge out of the woods, and I wouldn't care.

I wouldn't budge one inch with those perfect H-cups heaving over me.

Erotha, your tits are fantastic, I groaned. They're absolutely amazing. I love it so much. They are just perfect.

Ooh, I'm so gladdy happy glad! she squealed. Ooh, ooh, Aliyama must have filled my boobies up and up and up. They're so biggie now!

Who's Aliyama? I asked as that hot cunt plunged down my cock and slid up me.

She's the Goddess Hottie of Magic and... and... Smarty Stuff! She tapped her mind. I have lots of smarty stuff! See! My boobies are so biggie!

So fucking biggie, I groaned, staring at those breasts. Yeah, all your brains are in your tits, Erotha! Definitely!

Thank you, Master! she squealed, her hands slapping together. She squeezed her cunt down around my cock. I loved how she gripped me with that hot snatch. It was fantastic feeling her cunt gripping my dick like that. I loved it. Ooh, ooh, I love your cock! So much hardy strength and goody things in your dick!

I loved her pussy working up and down my cock. She made me feel fucking amazing. I groaned, savoring that heat building and building in my nuts. That need to erupt swelled. I would have a huge orgasm. Just shower her in all the cum that I could.

I would love that so much. Just eager to spurt all that spunk into her snatch. I would fill her up with so much jizz. She squeezed her cunt around my cock, bringing me closer and closer to erupting. She massaged me with her flesh.

I loved how great it was having her ride me as those tits heaved.

They bounced together, her flesh rippling. Her pink nipples thrust out so hard. I could just watch her riding me all day long. She wiggled her hips, stirring her cunt around my cock. I groaned, hurtling toward that magical moment of spurting in her.

She screwed up her face, her pussy growing hotter. Was she about to cum? That was so hot. I wanted to flood her pussy. The first guy to ever bust a loud in this tight cunt. I savored the way she squeezed around me.

Fuck, fuck, fuck! I groaned. Shit, that's good. That's so good! You're amazing, Erotha! I want to feel you cumming on my dick!

Ooh, ooh, I wanty that, too! She plunged her cunt down my dick, swallowing every last inch of my cock. I groaned as she gasped, her pussy spasming around me. Cummies! Yay!

Her pussy spasmed around my dick. She suckled at my cock with all that bliss. It was amazing feeling all that jizz building and building in my nuts. The pressure pressed at the tip of my cock being massaged by her wonderful pussy.

Shit! I groaned and erupted. 

My cum spurted into her pussy. I flooded her with blast after blast of spunk. It was just such a great moment. The rapture swept through me. I groaned at how amazing it was to spurt into her pussy. To fill my bimbo-enchantress with all my cum.

I groaned, my back arching as I dumped all my jizz into her. I filled her up to the brim. She gasped, such joy flashing in her brown eyes. Her silky, black hair spilled around her as she suckled at me with her wanton pussy.

Master's cummies! she groaned.

I want Master's cummies! Anni squealed.

Me, too! Cally whimpered, bouncing up and down.

Later, later! I groaned, savoring that delight shooting through me. Fuck!

Erotha's pussy suckled me dry. I loved the bliss of this moment. I groaned, my heart pounding this wild beat as she nursed out the last of my spunk. I panted as she squirmed on me, this bright smile on her lips. 

Ooh, ooh, all of Master's cummies are all safety in my pussy! Erotha squealed, clapping her hands together. Her boobs jiggled.

Yes, they are, I said, a branch creaking overhead. Mmm, get off me. We have to get heading back. We have a quest to turn in. Right, Anni.

We do...? My bimbo-fighter thought for a moment. Mushyrooms! We have to turn them in for money!

That's right, I said as Erotha slid her pussy off my cock. She rose up and up me. I groaned as she popped off. That felt so good. My cum spilled down her thighs. I panted, wanting to just lie here, but we really had to get going. So, Erotha, get dressed!

Okey-dokey! she said and sauntered over to her discarded bustier and loincloth. She bent down, her rump pointed at me. Her pussy lips peeked between her thighs, jizz dripping down her thighs. Ooh, my clothes are so cutie and hottie and nicey! I wore stuffy and borying and dummy clothes before.

That's right, I said as I stood, looking around for my gear. I improved you all. You were all so boring and stuffy and bitchy before. Now you're my sexy bimbo-sluts!

All three of my bimbo party members cheered.

I smiled at that as I drew on my clothes. I slipped them all on, along with my weapons and armor. I was ready to go adventuring again. We had to get through these woods. Anni pointed the way for us to go.

Town is thaty way! she said.

That is north, said Cally. She pointed in the opposite direction. We go thaty way!

Oh! Anni giggled. I got northy and southy all mixed up! Whoopsie!

Thank god we have an elven archer to guide us, I said, glancing at Erotha. Are we going the right way?

She glanced down at her boobs constrained in her top. They were almost overflowing the bustier. Are we going the righty way, boobies?

She jiggled her tits, watching them ripple.

My boobies say we are! And they're very smarty boobies full of smartiness from Aliyama.

When in doubt, follow the boobs, I said. I think a famous wizard said that or something. I'm for it!

So we were off. I was having a good day. The woods were dark and growing darker as we headed south. We must have been nearing nightfall. That made it feel like even more of an adventure as twilight fell upon us.

I kept a listen for slimes or goblins or aurochs. I vaguely remembered aurochs being mentioned in Game of Thrones. I glanced at my phone. I opened up the web browser and did a Google search for aurochs and got a Wikipedia entry.

Huh, I could still google things.

The aurochs (Bos primigenius) is an extinct cattle species, considered to be the wild ancestor of modern domestic cattle. With a shoulder height of up to 180 cm (71 in) in bulls and 155 cm (61 in) in cows, it was one of the largest herbivores in the Holocene; it had massive elongated and broad horns that reached 80 cm (31 in) in length.

Oh, shit, I said. Yeah, that fit.

So there was prehistoric megafauna here, too. Did that mean there were dinosaurs here? Would this turn into a Chuck Tingle erotica where a raptor would... I trailed off. Never mind, I didn't want to go anywhere near that guy's stuff.

To each their own. 

I was more than happy being in another world with my bimbos. 

The world grew darker and we finally had to stop. Anni had a tent that she pulled out of her backpack. It was too big to fit in her backpack, but this was a fantasy world. Cally made a fire while she worked. Elves, it seemed, weren't afraid of fire.

And her being a bimbo didn't mean she was completely incompetent. That was good to know. Airheads could make a fire. Soon, it was blazing bright, driving back the night. The tent was pitched. Erotha even started cooking for us.

I know so many cooky things! the cutie who looked barely eighteen said. I've been around such a longy time! Yay!

I smiled as I settled down for my first meal camping with my bimbo party in another world. This was going to be an awesome adventure. Fuck the real world, this one was far, far better than anything I could possibly imagine. 

Master, Master, what about my treat! Anni said, snuggling up to me. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Tsunade

I crouched in the branches, my long ears twitching. They were sitting down for dinner. I had watched enough. What manner of magic did this man have? It should be impossible. But I had seen it. The rejuvenation of the old woman. He made her young and fertile again. 

This was what Mother needed.

I turned and bounced from the trees. I had to bring word to our clan. I leaped from branch to branch to branch with all the nimble grace of a bunny girl. That man was just the slave we needed to take. 

My nose quivered in delight as I raced back to my village. I needed help to take him. I hoped we would be able to find him again. There was a human city near here. Adventures would come and go from there.

He must be from there.

Yes, yes, Narsi... He must be from Narsi.

To be continued...
