PHILLIP'S STORY
Chapter 7 
"The Weekend Visit"

This is a story erotic fiction meant for adult readers over the age of eighteen years

Written by Jean-Christophe (Chris): August 2012
Read all my stories at http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Jean-Christophe_Stories 

The Weekend Visit:

Master has looked forward to this weekend and I am pleased to see his excitement. When he'd told me about it, I resolved that I would do all I could to make the visit of his uncle, aunt and his two teenaged cousins as pleasant and as memorable as I could.  

I've worked hard all week under Master's direction to ensure that all will be in readiness for their arrival on Saturday morning. And if it is at all possible, I've put extra effort into making sure that all will be as Master wants.

There was much to be done. Master had to plan the menus for the weekend and to prepare shopping lists of all the food, drinks and other refreshments that would be needed. And of course, Master required that the house be in perfect condition for their overnight stay.  

Master's uncle, Sir Hayward is his father's brother and lives just over the state line so their journey won't a long one. Master informed me that his uncle will be accompanied by his wife, Mistress Eujanie, his sixteen year old daughter, Mistress Shilah and fourteen old son, Sir Jermain. 

Sir Hayward is known to me. Master has him act as my financial advisor and every few months they meet to look at my monetary affairs and to keep an accurate accounting of my finances. 

Of course, I don't have the freedom to spend as I choose. My expenses are rigidly controlled by Master and he grants me an adequate allowance for my weekly needs; these cover my travelling expenses to and from my work in the City and for my weekday lunches. 

Naturally, the decision to buy anything outside of my allowance isn't mine to make. Quite rightly that choice is Master's to make and not mine. I'm forbidden to buy indiscriminately and should I wish to purchase something then I must ask Master's permission. Master will listen to my reasons for wanting to buy that something and he will question me as to whether or not my request is reasonable. If he judges that it is then he usually gives me his approval. However, should he consider my request as frivolous, he'll refuse and that's an end to the matter? As in all things, Master's word is law and I defer to his superior judgment. Master always knows what is best for me. 

And I believe that Sir Hayward now acts as the financial advisor to Sir Lachlan's new slave, Jem.  

Master told me the Sirs and Mistresses would be accompanied by their three family slaves to assist me in serving them. I have seen the slaves previously at family gatherings but I'd never spoken to them. I'm aware that there is an older male aged about forty, a younger male probably in his late teens and a female in either her late thirties of early forties but I am unaware of their names. However, their names and ages are immaterial and of no concern of mine. I'm not required to know such details and if my Master felt I needed to know these things, then he will tell me. And it goes without saying that I mustn't show my curiosity and never question Master about other Superiors or their slaves. 

In the past, whenever, we'd been together it was to serve our Black Superiors as their white slaves and not to socialize with one another. Fraternization among the slaves was strictly forbidden; after all we weren't there to engage in idle chatter or frivolous talking with one another. What is required of us at all times - indeed what is demanded of us - is that we focus all our attention on our Superiors and their needs. 

These family gatherings are for the benefit and enjoyment of our Black Masters and Mistresses. Their needs are paramount and it is our duty as their white slaves to ensure they receive the maximum pleasure from these events.

Throughout the eleven years of my servitude I have derived a lot of pleasure from seeing my Master and his Superior family and friends enjoying themselves in each other's company. It became very obvious to me in the early days of my slavery that my Black Superiors are very gregarious and like for nothing better than to socialize with one another. Their joy at being together is infectious and I have received so much happiness from observing them as they interact. Their happiness has more than rewarded me for any effort I put into making such gatherings a success. 

Therefore, I want to make this weekend a memorable one for Master and his relatives and I have devoted my energies to ensuring that it all goes as Master would want it to. 

I was fortunate in that Master's brother, Sir Lachlan was also to visit for the weekend and of course, he will be accompanied by his slave, Jem. This meant that Jem will be available to help me prepare for the visitors' arrival and he will assist me in serving them. 

Saturday dawned and I woke early to get the house in order for the influx of visitors. Several hours before Master's visitors were due; Sir Lachlan arrived by car accompanied by Jem. I waited naked as Master welcomed his brother and then it was my turn to welcome Sir Lachlan to my Master's home. I fell to my knees and crawled to Sir Lachlan and kissed his feet in homage and begged to be allowed to serve him as his brother's slave. 

As I did so, Jem shucked off his clothes and similarly greeted my Master.

While our two Masters relaxed, Jem and I were busy preparing the guest bedrooms for Master's uncle and his family, and preparing refreshments for when they arrived. Master's standards of hospitality demand that I serve beverages and nibbles immediately upon their arrival.

As we worked together, I sensed there was something wrong with Jem; he wasn't himself. He appeared to be subdued and `down at the mouth'. I was to learn that he'd disappointed his Master earlier by not serving breakfast at the appointed time. Quite appropriately, he'd been punished and received a severe spanking from his Master.

I had noticed the fading red of his ass-cheeks as he'd knelt in homage to my Master but had thought nothing of it. After all a reddened or a caned ass on a slave is to be expected. We are all subject to unexpected punishment at any time.

I suspect that Jem's dejection had nothing to do with his smarting ass but more to do with his disappointment at failing his Master. I n the short time that I have known Jem I have come to appreciate his worth as a slave. Working alongside of him and in my talks with him, I know Jem to be a rare commodity. He is totally committed to his slavery and in his absolute dedication to his Master. If it is possible, Jem gives one thousand per cent of himself in his service to his Master. 

I believe Jem will make an excellent slave and that he'll make his Master proud to own him. He tries very hard to please his Master and his attitude to my Master is all that it should be - respectful, deferential and humble. 

But he is a new slave and still has much to learn. I'm not being superior in saying this as even after my eleven years of service, I am still learning. There are occasions when Master must correct an erroneous attitude of mine or to punish me for some unthinking, foolish mistake I have made.  It would be true to say a white slave never stops learning! 

Given our imperfect natures, I know it's not possible for a white slave to be considered by his Black Owner as the "perfect slave". By his inferior status, a white slave never stops learning and he must continually look to his Black Master at all times for direction, guidance and be ready to accept any necessary corrections without question.

However, it is incumbent on all white slaves to strive for that elusive "perfection" in the service of our owners. And we should be grateful for the effort our Masters invest in making us the best slaves that we can be. 

As protocol demands of a slave, Jem and I stood at naked display as the two cars carrying Master's Uncle and his family arrived. From this position I was able to see that the first car was driven by the older male slave with his Master, Sir Hayward sitting alongside of him in the front passenger seat. 

Mistress Eujanie and her female slave were seated in the back. 

The second vehicle was driven by the younger male slave and he was accompanied by his young Master, Sir Jermain and his older sister, Mistress Shilah. 

Jem and I stood motionless as our two Masters warmly welcomed their uncle, aunt and two teenaged cousins to Master's home. After their embraces and handshakes, it was time for Jem and me to step forward, fall to your knees and pay our homage to the four Superior visitors by kissing their feet in welcome. 

As Jem and I performed our obeisance, the three visiting slaves shucked off their few articles of clothing and crawled naked over to Master and Sir Lachlan to pay homage to them in the time honored way by kissing their feet. 

The conversation between the six Superiors was very animated and it promised to be a most carefree visit - I was so happy to see my Master's obvious joy at having members of his family visit his home. It made all my efforts in preparing for this weekend worthwhile. As they joked and laughed, their five slaves were ignored and crouched naked at their feet waiting for the order to stand. 

When the order was given to stand, I followed Master and his guests into the house. As the slave of the host it was my duty to serve welcoming drinks and snacks after their journey. As they retired to the living room, I hurried into the kitchen and quickly returned to serve them refreshments. Jem and the other slaves unloaded the luggage from the trunks of the two vehicles and carried the cases to the bedrooms that Jem and I had prepared earlier. 

As the Superiors relaxed and talked the slaves served them. We stood mute at modified display but were ready to step forward - without bidding - to serve them. Mostly the Superiors' conversations dealt with family matters and we were ignored. 

Our Superiors relaxed and talked together while their white slaves waited on them hand and foot. Of course, we were kept constantly busy catering for their needs but this was especially so for the young slave; his young Master and Mistress made great demands of him and he was constantly running and fetching for them.

The two young Superiors were supremely confident and self- assured and I couldn't help but marvel at the way they controlled their young slave and the rest of us. It was inspiring to see them in action and I thought of the young Superior in Jem's and my life - Sir Jon. I wondered if he had this same self-assurance - the type that comes with an easy acceptance of his inherited Black Superiority and a strong belief in the inferiority of the white race.

My slave's intuition told that he did - I certainly hoped this was so - and I longed to see him in action and to experience at firsthand his control of me.

Inevitably, whenever Black Superiors gather together their interest always turns to their white slaves and now they discussed us in minute detail. The Superiors followed the well-established practise of inspecting each other's slaves and all five of us were minutely inspected by our Superiors.

As the Host's slave, Master invited his cousin to examine me. Sir Jermain's fourteen years belied his abilities at confidently handling a white slave almost three times his age and he proved to be most accomplished. His examination of me was among the most thorough of any that I have been subjected to and I will have cause to remember it in the not too distant future when Master pays a return visit to his uncle. 

As Sir Jermain's steady hands roamed over my nakedness, I knew I was under the control of a supremely confident, young, Black Superior. Whenever he gave me an order, I obeyed with hesitation. As he minutely inspected me, he made comments and compared the size of my cock and balls to those of his young slave who is half my age. This amused Master, Sir Lachlan and his father and they laughed loudly at my very public discomfiture. 

Of course, the other slaves were subjected to inspections identical to my own. Master's uncle examined Jem and Master and his brother, Sir Lachlan reciprocated by inspecting their uncle's slaves. It was during these inspection and the conversations about us that I learned the names of those three slaves. 

The older male was called Tom, the female was known as Liz and the younger male was named Chad. Not that their names were of any relevance; our names were superfluous and we were simply referred to as "slave" or the more humiliating "boy" and the female as "girl".

During the weekend, I found out much more about the three slaves. I was surprised to learn they are a "slave family" within Master's Uncle's household. I was further surprised to hear that the female was born a slave to white slave parents and was given as a gift to Mistress Eujanie by her grandmother. Mistress Eujanie naturally took her slave with her when she married Master's uncle to serve in her household. The older male, Tom wasn't enslaved until he was in his twenties when he was acquired by Sir Hayward. His Master and Mistress bred the two slaves and eighteen year old Chad is the progeny from that mating.  

All this did surprise me! However it simply highlighted the fact that I knew so little about Black Rule and that I was still capable of learning more about it even after eleven years of serving as Master's slave. And over the course of the next few months, Master will expose me to so many new things of which I am unaware. 

However, one topic of conversation proved interesting and created a lot of discussion among our Superiors. It was told to them by my Master and it related to something I'd mentioned to him recently.

I have an acquaintance, Toby, who lives half a world away on another continent and we frequently communicate via e-mails and speak via Instant Messenger.

Toby told me of something that a Black Superior mentioned in a discussion with him and it had intrigued me. I'd thought long about it and eventually, I spoke to Master and I sought his opinion.

Black Superiors traditionally keep their white slaves in a state of complete and unconditional nudity. I'd not thought too much about this as I'd long accepted my nakedness as my natural condition and the same is true for all other white slaves that I know. I'd long forgotten to feel any embarrassment or shame in my nudity. In fact, there are times when I am proud to be naked and to stand docilely as other Black Superiors examine me. For me, there's always been pride in hearing Master complimented on owning such a "fine white property". Master's pride of ownership of me was always one of my biggest rewards. 

But my acquaintance mentioned he'd been told by a Black Superior - of African-Caribbean descent - that white slaves are kept totally nude as a form of retribution for the past sins and injustices perpetrated by their whites ancestors and inflicted on their Black slaves in historical times.

The sin of African slavery is an everlasting stain and one that can never be expunged by whites. All their false, white rhetoric and empty gestures can never compensate for the "sins of their fathers." 

In the historical past, Black slaves had been allowed to wear cheap clothing of the most basic type. However, this hadn't been done out of any consideration for the slaves' sensibilities. It had more to do with their hypocritical, white, moral standards of the day that tolerated the brutal enslavement of their fellow men and yet saw public nakedness as shameful.  

Nevertheless, Black slaves had been accorded a small measure of dignity - even if it was unintentional - and were issued with clothing on a somewhat ad hoc basis.

Today's Black Master's don't afford even that small dignity to their white slaves. And why should they?

Today, that situation has been reversed and those whites who now serve as naked slaves to their Black owners are denied the dignity of any covering. Their total nudity is a hallmark of their abject slavery and is a potently visible sign of their slave animal status. 

This subject caused a lively discussion among our Superiors. However, for their slaves, there was the humiliation of listening silently as our nakedness was openly discussed and ridiculed. A white slave's opinion is seldom sought by his Black Superiors and we have learned to "listen and suffer in silence". A slave's feelings are never considered in such discussions; indeed they are of absolutely of no consequence to our Owners. 

But that day, the Superiors did include a slave in their discussions. They had Jem stand before them and they questioned him at length about his attitudes to his slave nakedness. 

Jem is a Southerner from the Deep South and this marked him out for special attention from our Superiors. While all white slaves are held in contempt by their Black Superiors, those from the South are especially so. 

Master has told me that a "Southern born white slave" is a highly valued commodity. The accident of his birth presents his owner with a unique opportunity to inflict a greater vengeance against the white race. I believe slavery for a "southern slave" is more onerous and that his servitude is made harder for him. Master has told me of "southern slaves" owned by his extended family and how their Masters single them out for "special" treatment. 

To a believer in Black Rule, all members of the white race are guilty for the past sin of Black slavery and all whites must pay the penalty for this. And so while all whites are culpable the "southern born" white slave is made even guiltier by the accident of his birth.

I felt sympathy for poor Jem as he stood at naked display before our Superiors and was questioned by them. How hard it must have been for him to listen to their mocking of his Southern roots and traditions. 

Secretly, I was proud of Jem! He stood with his eyes downcast to the floor and suffered their taunts and jibes. He answered their questions truthfully and respectfully and I'm sure his new Master was pleased with his subservient attitude. 

Essentially, Jem - and remember he is a very new slave - told his Superiors that he is an inferior white slave in service to the Superior Black Race and that he proudly wears his total nudity as an outward expression of his servitude to them. He told them of his total commitment to his Master and that he wishes to be the very best of slaves in service to him.

Jem's answers impressed me! Even after my eleven years as a slave, I doubt I could have answered any better than he did. And it re-enforced my already high opinion of him as a fellow slave. Sir Lachlan has done well in enslaving Jem and he brings great credit to his Master's training of him.

Dinner that night was a happy occasion for Master as he played host to his relatives. The female slave and I had been busy in the kitchen preparing a sumptuous meal for our Superiors. As we worked in the kitchen Jem, Tom and Chad served our Masters and Mistresses in the living room. 

Dinner was served by all five slaves. I served Master, Jem served Sir Lachlan, Tom served Master's uncle, Liz served her Mistress and Chad served Mistress Shilah and Master Jermain.  When not actually serving we stood in the modified display position but remained alert to their needs and ready to step forward to wait on them.

Once the Superiors had finished their meal it was time for their slaves to eat. We retired to the kitchen and quickly ate the remains of the Superiors' dinner. 

After dinner, Mistress Shilah and Master Jermain decided to take in a movie and they took their young slave with them. The older Superiors moved into the TV room to relax and play cards and to talk. Jem and Tom were in attendance on them as the female slave and I cleaned up after the dinner when we too moved into the TV room to serve with the other two slaves. 

Naturally when we weren't serving all four of us stood in the modified slave position.

Sunday morning saw me rise earlier than usual. I had breakfast to prepare for the Superiors but before that I had to make breakfast for the other slaves. They needed to be fed before our Masters and Mistresses woke so that they could assist them dress before coming downstairs for their breakfast. The meal for the slaves was easily and quickly prepared and consisted of a simple slave meal of cold cereal and water. 

Once we'd been fed, my fellow slaves went to attend to their Superiors and I worked in the kitchen preparing a delicious breakfast of popovers, bacon and eggs, fresh fruit juice and coffee and tea.

The rest of the Superiors' Sunday was spent relaxing and talking as their slaves waited on them. 

Inevitably the weekend drew to a close and it was time for the slaves to carry down the Superiors' luggage and to load it into the trunks of their cars ready for their departure. 

The Superiors made their goodbyes to one another and then it was the slaves' turn to bid farewell. Jem and I knelt at the feet of Sir Hayward, Mistress Eujanie, Mistress Shilah and Master Jermain and paid homage to them. And as we paid our homage to their Masters and Mistresses, the slave family paid their farewell respects to my Master and Sir Lachlan. 

As we watched them drive away, I reflected that the weekend had been most successful and that it had pleased Master. Obviously, He'd enjoyed playing host to his brother and his uncle's family. I was naturally gratified with the small part I'd played in its success; I'd really wanted this weekend to me a memorable one for him. 

As the cars disappeared from our view, I had no inkling that Master would be paying a return visit to his uncle and aunt in the near future and that I would be confronted by unexpected and unimagined challenges. 

Sir Lachlan stayed long enough after their departure to allow Jem to help me tidy up the guest bedrooms and return the house to the order that Master demands. Then they too departed leaving Master and I on our own. 

Within the next few days, this visit will have unforeseen consequences for me and it will involve my overseas' acquaintance, Toby. His curiosity was possibly the catalyst for Master's return visit to his uncle.  

Toby lives in a country without a significant Black population and consequently, he had no knowledge of Black Rule until we spoke online. I'd read something or other that Toby had written about slavery and I'd made contact with him. I recall our very first conversation when we'd exchanged introductory information about ourselves and he told me he had a slave's nature but that he wasn't owned. I recall he asked me if I was an owned slave and I'd told him that I was a white slave who was proudly served a Black Master. 

I don't think Toby could comprehend this at first; the concept of this was so alien to his thinking. But I remember that he asked so many questions about my life and it was very evident that he was interested in my slavery. His questions led to many discussions between us and I remember that I was happy to answer them. 

I'd suspected that Toby had issues in his life that he struggled to deal with and perhaps I'd also sensed his deep inner loneliness and his need to talk to someone "neutral".  Whatever the reason, after that first occasion, our online talks became regular events. That first call was three years ago and we continue to speak with one another to this day. 

Inevitably, we talked about Black Rule and Black Supremacy and eventually I found myself "mentoring" Toby as he moved into a greater understanding and appreciation of white slavery to the Black Race.  

After the visit, I told Toby about the weekend and all that had happened to me. He told me that he was fascinated by the "slave family" that served my Master's uncle and his family and he asked me many questions about them. 

At that stage, I think Toby saw Black ownership of white slaves as a "one dimensional" thing; very much on the basis of one Master owning just one slave. I doubt he realized that Black Rule families often have multiple white slaves to serve them. Certainly, when Toby learned of this his interest in the subject was aroused and he plied me with questions some of which I couldn't answer. 

I recall the thing that most interested Toby was the notion of a slave family and the fact that the two parents had produced a slave son. I was able to tell him that the slave mother was herself slave born and she was given as a gift to her Mistress and so it would have been perfectly natural for her to have a slave child and to only ever see him as a slave. 

Poor Toby! The whole concept fascinated him and I suspect fed his own slave fantasies. Certainly his interest now centered on the son, Chad and the fact that he was "slave born". 

The questions tumbled out of Toby and I did my best to answer them. I'd known the slave family in the broader sense for some time and yet Toby's questions highlighted just how little I did know about them. Nevertheless, I did try to answer Toby's questions about slave Chad.   

I suppose in a way, Toby's questions could be likened to him thinking out aloud. He wanted to know how it would have been for Chad growing up as a white slave child in service to a Black Rule household. He wondered what Chad would have made of his parents' and his own nakedness. He wondered if Chad had ever possessed toys and did he ever receive presents for his birthday or Christmas. And if not, had he felt envy or resentment as he watched the children of his owners play with their toys. He wondered about Chad's education and if he was schooled in anyway. 

I couldn't answer these questions and so I took them to Master and asked them on Toby's behalf. To be truthful, I think Master found these questions unnecessary and his answers showed his annoyance with both Toby and me.

He told me that Chad had been born a slave and was raised a slave and that his thoughts or feelings were never considered. Of course he didn't have toys and If Chad did feel envy of his young Black Superiors then it was of no consequence to his owners; his feelings were never an issue for them.

But Master did say that Chad was schooled as a child and that he now attends university where he is studying accountancy. When he graduates, his Master, Sir Hayward will put him to work in the family's interests.

And that's where Master left his answers. I sensed his impatience and so I didn't ask any more questions. I did pass on Master's answers and comments to Toby and I never knew that he felt guilty because unwittingly his questions had caused problems for me. But that was just a foretaste of things to come. 

Perhaps my curiosity did influence Master's decision to return his uncle's visit. A few weeks later, Master told me he would be visiting his uncle for the weekend and that I was to accompany him. Master arranged for us to go on the Thursday which would leave Friday and Saturday free. I didn't know what Master had in mind for this weekend which was probably just as well for it would present me with new challenges.  

But that is another story! 



To be continued ............ 



