Hallowe'en Surprise
by Oblivion

"Ricky?"

I opened one eye to see my sister peering through my partially open door. I'd laid down for a nap after getting back from this morning's Cross Country Meet.

"What's up sis?"

Once I had answered she pushed the door open and came in.

"I was wondering if you had any plans for Halloween?"

I knew something had to be up, Valerie was my older sister and I knew I could count or her to have some kind of nasty plan in mind for me. I didn't think she hated me or anything, I think I was just some kind of bottom feeding scum sucker in her eyes. After all, I was almost three years younger than her. We sure weren't friends.

"No Val, no plans." 

"Well, I was wondering if..." 

This was not my sister, Val seemed unsure of herself. It kind of scared me a little. 

"What I mean is... damn... I'm sorry, never mind..." She was muttering under her breath as she closed my door.

"Weird," I thought, as I lay there staring up at the ceiling.

A few minutes later I heard mom calling us for dinner, so I rolled out of bed and went.

Dinner was normal, mom and dad talked about things, Val, Rachel and Tammy gossiped, and I kept to myself. It was my turn to do the dishes so once everyone else had left I went to work gathering everything up, putting the leftovers away. Personally, I hate dishwashers, it always seem that they leave too much behind, so as usual, I did dishes my way, by hand.

Half an hour later I noticed Val watching as I dried the last glass.

"Why do you do that?" She asked.

I shrugged, "They get cleaner that way." I said as I put the glass in the cupboard. I finished straightening out the kitchen wondering why she hadn't left.

"Ricky, if you were invited to a Halloween party, would you go?"

"Maybe, I'm not really a party kind of guy though. Too many people most of the time."

"I... well, Traci and I, that is..." This still was so NOT the sister I knew.

"Ok. I'll go."

"Thank you."

"Is it a costume party?"

"Yeah, but don't worry, I'll get one for you."

"Val, I'm not sure I should trust you." The history between us was acknowledged as she stood there. 

"Don't worry, you'll have plenty of time to get something else if you don't like it, I promise."

"Ok."

She had a weird smile on her face as she turned and left, I could almost swear it was as much I look of hunger as satisfaction.

I shrugged the thought off and went back to my room to get the last of my homework done.

*****

The next Saturday the Meet was at home. Most of the time it was only two schools, but this time there were three. Us, King County High and Franklin D. Roosevelt. It didn't change things much except put more runners in each event. The only hic-cup came when the Roosevelt coach challenged us because I was running barefoot. I wasn't, not really, since I did wear a kind of half moccasin that I made myself, it covered the balls of my feet and my toes but left the rest of my feet bare.

It was a no brainer in the end because other schools had questioned it before though and I ran.

I like running, have for as long as can remember, until I got to school and they made me wear shoes. I just couldn't run the way they said I had to, it hurt, it felt wrong, and I was so much slower. It was finally this year, as a freshman, that I'd convinced my coach the my way worked, and that I wasn't alone in running barefoot.

Two and a half hours later I'd placed first in both the 2500 meter and 5k and second in the 10k.

I was waiting for the 15k when I noticed we had a much larger crowd then normal for the meet, Cross country wasn't exactly a big draw, not like football, and since football was on Friday nights with the accompanying party after, we almost never had kids from the school at our meets. 

It was weird. There were Cheerleaders there, at 9:30 on a Saturday morning, after a football game the night before.

"What ever," I thought as they called the runners for the 15k, it was time to run.

*****

When I got home there was a box on my bed. The note next to it was from Val. It said to try on the costume and make sure it fit.

I was surprised when I pulled it out, this was no cheap Halloween superstore piece of crap. First was a heavy black velour cape. When I shook it out I saw the deep blue brocade lining. 

When I looked back in the box I knew who I was going to be.

The white half mask said it all. The one side of the face, half mask.

Val had done good. The Phantom of the Opera.

Cool, Classic, Enigmatic.

Everything fit, even the calf high boots.

*****

It was Halloween. We had just gotten home from church and I was getting out of my church clothes when someone knocked. 

"I'm decent," I called and the door opened.

It was Val.

She looked worried.

"What's up," I asked.

"Can I come in?"

The weirdness level was going way up.

"Sure."

She closed the door as she came in.

"Ricky, I need you to trust me, please." Her cheeks were turning pink.

"Val, I'd like to..."

"I know, I haven't exactly been the best sister..."

"Am I going to regret it if I trust you?"

"No, no, I don't think you will..."

"And if I do regret it?"

"If you do, I'll make it up to you..." She sighed. "And you can decide how, anything you want."

"That's pretty open ended Val."

"I know, but it stands, I mean it."

"Ok then, what do I need to know?"

Val was still at my door, holding the knob. She turned and opened the door a crack and looked out, then closed it again and walked over to me.

"Sit."

So I did.

"Two things, well three really. First, I guess, there's going to be a kind of secret contest going on at the party tonight, that's the reason I wanted you to go. Well, not just me, but, well...."

"Val, I get it."

"Ok. Two, don't wear any underware tonight."

I gave her a hard look.

"I promise, no dirty tricks, none, nada..."

"Ok, no underware."

Then she pulled a piece of heavy paper out of her pocket.

"Tonight, some people are going to hand you notes like this one. Do what they say, and only what they say. It's important."

"It's part of the contest, isn't it?"

"Yeah."

"Are you sure about this?"

"No... Yes... I..."

"Val, is anyone forcing you to do this?"

"No..."

"Is it something that you want?"

"Yes." Her face wasn't pink anymore, it was crimson.

"Are you going to regret it?"

"No, I don't think so."

"Ok, follow the notes. Anything else?"

"Oh! Yeah, one more thing." She pulled a small gold charm from her pocket, "If anyone gives you one of these hang it on your necklace."

Part of my costume was a heavy gold necklace with a large blood red stone. The chain was fairly loose and it looked like the charm was made of the same type of material.

"That's it then? Charm on necklace?"

She nodded her head, then suddenly she seemed very nervous.

"I need to go," she mumbled, then she quickly turned and left, closing the door behind her.

I sat there for a long time, wondering if I'd made a mistake in trusting her.

*****

Two hours later Val looked in my open door.

"I'm leaving now, Traci will pick you up at 6:30, Ok?"

"Sure, I'll be ready."

"Thank you, Ricky." This seemed even more odd, being thanked, by Val. 

It wasn't until I was dressing that I realized that I'd never seen Val's costume, I didn't know what she'd look like at the party. I figured I just ask Traci when she picked me up.

*****

Traci called at 6:15, she was on the way.

Five minutes later we were headed for the party. Traci was still in street clothes.

"No costume tonight?" I asked.

"Oh, it's in the back, I didn't want to wrinkle it up before the party."

I shrugged. She drove.

When we got to the house where the party was happening she drove around to the garage in the back. 

"Ricky, one last thing, when someone gives you one of the notes, don't say anything, Ok."

"Ok."

She got out and grabbed a very large garment bag from the back seat and headed for the house.

I wouldn't call the place a mansion, but it was close, very, very close. There was a large yard of course, and a pool, but it had been closed up for the season already with a heavy cover on it. The patio was well lit and there were enough people there already that I quickly lost sight of Traci.

There seemed to be three classes of costumes, about a third were like mine, very good, very expensive looking, and all with masks. About another third were higher end costumes from the superstores, they looked good, but were a definite step down. Almost all of them had masks as well. The rest of the costumes were mostly the cheesy, off the shelf, stuff you could get anywhere.

It was quite a mix and surprisingly, there weren't too many duplicates either, and most of those were in the lowest end costumes.

Since I didn't really know anyone there I stayed in the shadows, avoiding groups, and just watching. I'd been there around half an hour I'd guess when a very buxom Cleopatra came up and slipped the fist note in my hand. I started to speak but she put a finger to my lips and pulled into the deeper shadows of the pool house.

I fumbled with the note but it was dark enough I was having problems.

Cleopatra seemed to have the answer when she turned on a very small LED flashlight. It was bright enough that I could figure out the note, but not bright enough to illuminate anything  more than a few inches away.
The Note said: Kiss Me

Once she was sure I'd read the note she turned off the light and slipped it in the pocket of my brocade vest. Then she put one hand behind my neck and pulled me down to her.

I'd kissed one girl in my life. The year before, timidly, scared out of my mind.

This, wasn't what I'd expected, she was hungry, her tongue pressed through my lips and all I could do was try and follow her lead. She wasn't subtle at all and it didn't take me long to get a lot more aggressive than I'd ever dreamed of. 

I felt her hands working along my chest, exploring I guess.

A few minutes later she ended the kiss.

"Thank you," came a very breathy whisper.

Then she was gone. I didn't see her leave, but I knew she had. My eyes were closed as I relived that kiss.

A little later I stepped out from the dark of the pool house and started wandering. Nobody seemed to noticed what had happened. So I relaxed and got a drink and went inside.

It was almost as dark in the house at out. But where it was dark, it was dark. I noticed several couples slip out of the light for a little while, then return so I guessed what had happened with me wasn't going to be too unusual. 

Not long after I finished my drink a very cute nurse moved beside me and slipped her note into my hand. I just happened to be very close to one of those darker places and she gave me a subtle nudge...

Who was I to argue?

A quick look at the note: Kiss Me

So I did. I didn't wait for her. She didn't complain. 

And she seemed just as hungry as the fist girl had been. But she liked exploring more. Her hands, both of them, were everywhere. Well, almost. I felt my cock stiffening as she pressed closer to me. A moment later her left leg and hip were lodged between my legs, her hip rocking on me.

When she broke the kiss her breath was coming in gasps.

We stood there for a bit, then she gave me a peck on the lips and she walked back into the light. I just watched her, the silhouette of her legs very clear though the white dress she wore.

I was startled as a new hand slipped a note in mine. I didn't have a clue how the girl had gotten there. I didn't resist as she took my hand and pulled me deeper into the darkness. 

She obviously knew where she was going as she made three turns in the dark hallway, then I heard her open a door and we were going down stairs.

"Close it," she whispered.

So I did and she tugged me onward.

I stumbled a little when we reached the bottom, I'd expected another step down and when I found level floor instead I wasn't ready. Her grip on my hand tightened. I heard her fumbling for a switch on the wall next to us and when it clicked a night light came on at the far side of the room. In it's feeble light I could just barely make out the shadows of furniture, what looked like a couch and large chairs. 

My guide led me to the couch and then pushed me down onto it. Once I was seated she turned and sat in my lap. 

She took my hand in hers.

I took the note she gave me and opened it.

"Light," she whispered. 

I fumbled for it a little but then had it in hand and was reading the note: Kiss Me, Touch Me.

I did. I could just make out the lines of her face as she turned to me. My hands found her neck and lower jaw and I used that to guide my lips to hers. I kissed her, softly, over and over, my tongue darting between hers then retreating. Her mouth chased mine, but I kept teasing. 

I let my hands start falling as our mouths danced, hesitating. Her hands found mine, they didn't hesitate at all as she pressed mine to her breasts. I'd heard, and read, that most guys are too rough with a girl's breasts, so I just let my hands rest where they were at first, then I started making slow spirals with my cupped hands, the center of each breast covered while the fringes got explored.

Her mouth had caught mine once my hands had been distracted and she was exploring my mouth, her tongue and mine starting a new dance. Then I felt her shift and one of her hands was pulling me harder to her lips. Her other hand pushed my knees apart and she settled deeper into my lap, her leg was pressed hard against my throbbing cock.

She groaned softly into my mouth and her body relaxed against me.

Our kiss broke and she laid her head on my shoulder.

We were both startled when we heard the door at the top of the stairs open. Footsteps soon followed.

"We're sorry," a girl's voice I didn't recognize said softly, "but this is going to take all night the way we planed. So, we're speeding things up." 

The girl in my lap pushed herself up, but leaned down for a moment. "I'll be back later," she whispered. I felt one of her hands at my crotch as she pressed against my erection. Then she was heading up the stairs and the newcomer stepped in front of me.

The new girl gave me her note but never gave me a chance to read it. She was in my lap, kissing me so fast I didn't have time to react. I guessed from the notes I'd already been given that things were getting further along each time so I let my mouth, tongue and hands resume what they had just been doing moments before. Her breasts were just as soft and warm as the last ones and I was finding it very difficult trying to decide whether I like kissing or breasts better.

For a moment I thought she was done when she pushed herself away from me but she didn't get up. What she did was take the top of her costume off. She grabbed both my hands then and covered her breasts with them. I'd felt the hints of her erect nipples through the fabric before, but having the hard little nubs, literally in the palms of my hands, was... was... 

I leaned down and covered one nipple with my mouth and sucked.

A soft, almost gurgling moan, came from her throat. 

I moved to the other nipple.

She seemed to like that too.

I felt her hand wrap around my cock, the cloth of my costume adding friction and I instinctively humped into her hand.

"Oh, no you don't boy, I've got plans for this," she whispered as she slid off my lap. She had my pants open and was pulling them down my legs in short order. She never let go of my cock as she did. I almost came when I felt her bare hand on my exposed cock, if she had rubbed at all right then I would have. Maybe she knew, it didn't matter I realized as her wet mouth slid over the head of my cock. 

Her tongue slowly swirled over the glans of my cock.

A mouth found mine and I kissed it, hard.

I reached above me and found bare breasts and the mouth on my cock started sliding down my length. 

There were hands pulling at my costume, I didn't care. I pinched the hard little points on those breasts, as my cock exploded in that willing mouth.  Between my legs there was a muffled groan as tight lips worked up and down my shaft.

Next I knew I was naked, soft whispers around me told me I wasn't alone, but it couldn't tell how many there were, or who. The rustle of clothing told me other things.

"He's still hard!" Came a hoarse whisper from between my legs.

"My turn," came from behind me as slender hands pressed me down to lay on the couch. Then the room got even darker as a pair of thighs settled over my face. The scent washed over me and I reached out and pulled her down to my waiting mouth. I didn't know anything for sure, just what I'd read in the stories, but I guess my tongue and mouth didn't need too many details because she was grinding down onto me with each stroke of my tongue.

Another mouth found my cock and sucked more. But not long enough. 

Then it didn't matter as I felt more thighs descend over me and a warm, wet, sheath engulfed my cock. The two girls leaned into each other as they rocked on me. the sweet, tangy, musk of pussy flooded my mouth as I felt my cock explode again.

The two on top of me moved and two more replaced them. A different scent, a new feeling as a different pussy claimed me, both my mouth and cock. Words came and went, I wasn't listening. Groans, moans, grunts... those mattered. 

At moments there would be light, brief, fleeting. Once, as places were being exchanged again I turned and saw one of them in silhouette in the doorway to a bathroom. She was looking over her shoulder, her face hidden in the darkness, a thin trail of blood running down from her crotch. Then the door closed and two more pairs of thighs became my world.

Later hands were pushing me into a shower. The hot water finally clearing my head.

Dressed again I made my way back to the party to find it winding down.

Val and Traci were waiting for me in their street clothes. I realized that I'd never seen either of them in costume. 

Val and I drove home in silence. My mind was in shock, and awed at what had happened.

Mom was still up when we got in, but that was normal. She asked if we had a good time and we both assured her that we had. With that mom was satisfied and headed for bed after reminding us that we still had school the next morning.

A bit later I was sitting, naked, on my bed, looking down at my cock. I felt like it should look different, that there should be some way to tell that it was no longer virgin.

There was a soft knock at my door and before I could answer Val let herself in. She crossed the room quickly and stood, waiting.

"Val, what happened..."

"Later," she said as she dropped the robe she was wearing.

"Val?"

She took my hand and placed a note in it.
