Hot Family Next Door
By Perry Jones


	Chapter Nine

	After the threesome with Fran, Peg and Dave remained charged with kinky sexual energy.  Now when they fucked each other it was as though Fran were still with them.  They tried fucking standing up in front of a mirror once-something they had never done before.  They liked it so much they tried it again with a twist.  Dave fucked Peg up the ass while they stood in front of a mirror and Peg finger-fucked her cunt.  

	Even when they fucked in the usual ways, there was more excitement and passion.  But they were eager for another dose of Fran's company.  

	They agreed to invite Fran and Phil over for the next evening.  First, they made sure Skeet wouldn't be around.  Peg called her sister who had a son Skeet's age and got her to invite Skeet over for the night.  

	It was Tuesday when Peg called Fran to make the arrangements for Wednesday.  Tuesday was Phil's night to meet with his business partners, and the day Skeet always went next door to visit Fran.  

	"Your mom and dad invited Phil and me over to your place for tomorrow evening," Fran told Skeet when he came over.  

	"Really?  I thought something was going on," Skeet said.  "I got a call from my Aunt Jane inviting me to stay at their place tomorrow night, and I got the feeling my mom put her up to it.  A kid knows when he's being gotten rid of."  

	"Well, it's going to be an adult evening and you probably wouldn't want to be around anyhow," Fran said.  

	"Hey, are you and Phil and my parents going to have an orgy or something?"  

	"Now, Skeet.  Let's be discreet," Fran said.  "One mustn't ask such personal questions."  

	"Holy shit!  You and my parents really are getting it on!"  

	"Never mind," Fran said.  "Right now, you and I are going to get it on, and that's all that matters."  

	Skeet was shocked to find out about his parents.  But as Fran began unbuttoning her snug-fitting blouse, he forgot about his parents.  His own lust blinded him to any other concerns.  

	Skeet was sitting on the couch.  When Fran had stripped her blouse off, she went to him and straddled his lap, thrusting her firm tits into the boy's face.  She smiled at the way his eyes followed her tits, shifting from one tit to the other as she approached him.  

	With the gorgeous sight before him and the warmth of those big tits radiating onto his face, Skeet's passion soared.  And although Fran still had on her slacks, he felt the heat of her cunt as she pressed it to his crotch.  

	He lifted his hands to Fran's melon-sized tits and began enjoying the way they felt.  

	"You handle my tits so nicely," Fran purred.  "Ummmmm!"  

	After running his hands lightly over her tits, Skeet began grabbing them tightly.  He was still amazed at the way a pair of big tits felt.  

	"Suck them," Fran whispered.  

	Placing his hand beneath one of her tits and lifting it slightly, Skeet opened his mouth and brought it to Fran's big brown nipple.  He began sucking.  

	"Ohhhhh, yeahhhhh!"  Fran gasped, with all the pleasure she felt clear in her voice.  

	Each time Skeet had visited Fran he had become more aggressive.  Now he sucked her tits harder than ever before.  His teeth sank into her white tit flesh and left marks when he moved his mouth to her other tit.  

	"Aaaaaah!"  Fran cried.  

	"Am I hurting you?"  

	"Nooooo!  It feels wonderful!"  Fran hissed as she thrust her left nipple back into the boy's hot mouth.  

	As he sucked her, Skeet grappled with the button on her slacks.  When he'd opened her slack, Skeet stuck his hands into them, sliding them down over her ass.  

	Fran reached into Skeet's crotch and caressed his cock which was throbbing under the material of his jeans.  

	"Let's get undressed!"  Fran suggested even though she had to give up Skeet's sucking mouth to do so.  

	She got off the boy and pulled down her slacks.  Her underpants came down next, leaving her naked.  

	Skeet jumped up and began stripping, too.  But he had only removed his shirt by the time Fran was nude.  So she helped him finish undressing.  Skeet was more excited by having Fran pull down his pants than he was by just about anything else she did, except maybe taking his prick into one of the hot fuck holes of her beautiful body!  

	When Skeet was naked, Fran pressed herself to him and they kissed.  With her tits on his chest, her cunt muff and his balls in contact, and his prick pressed up against her body, Skeet was in heaven!  

	They sucked each other's tongue for a while as they grabbed each other's ass.  Then Fran sank to her knees and took Skeet's prick into her hands, holding it in front of her mouth.  

	"I love your prick," she said, before beginning to lick his cock.  

	Looking down at Fran, Skeet watched her sucking him.  What a sight it was-his prick disappearing into her mouth as his balls swung against her cheek.  Her tits now touched his thighs.  

	Skeet lost himself in the pleasure of Fran's skillful cock-sucking.  As he stood there, all he was aware of was the way her mouth moved and her tongue wiggled.  Then he was vaguely aware of her hands: one on his ass and the other gripping his balls.  

	Suddenly Skeet sensed something wrong but he didn't know what it was.  Fran was still sucking him as she had been.  Still .  .  .  something ...  a noise!  

	It was a key in the door!  Someone was coming in!  

	Skeet was alert like a frightened animal now, almost oblivious to the blow-job.  Couldn't Fran hear?  She was still sucking his cock, unconcerned.  

	The door swung open and Skeet was face to face with Phil, a man he'd never even met, although he had seen him when he'd peeked at the orgy.  

	Phil was surprised, obviously, but he merely entered the room and closed the door.  Still, Fran continued sucking Skeet's prick.  

	Skeet was beyond speech.  He began to back away, but Fran had a good grip on his prick, so Skeet was trapped.  Phil hung up his coat and glanced now and then at the scene of kinkiness in the middle of the living room.  

	"I ...  I ...  " Skeet stammered as Phil walked toward him.  

	"Hello, dear.  I'm home," Phil said into Fran's ear as she kept sucking on Skeet's prick.  

	"Hi," she said, finally taking her mouth from Skeet's cock, which now was barely able to maintain a ninety-degree angle from his body, "Want to join us?  You don't mind, do you, Skeet?"  

	"Huh?"  the boy asked idiotically.  

	"You don't have to," Phil said.  "Harrison didn't show, so we canceled the meeting.  Don't let me disturb you.  I'll go into the bedroom."  

	"Are you sure?"  Fran said.  "I'd sort of like a double header."  

	"Oh, well, that sounds good to me," Phil said.  "If you'd introduce me to your friend, we can see what he thinks."  

	"I'm sorry," Fran said.  "How rude of me.  Skeet, this is Phil.  Phil, meet our neighbor, Skeet."  

	Phil stuck out his hand and Skeet took it by reflex-he was still too stunned to know what was going on.  

	"Nice meeting you," Phil said.  "What do you say to a double header?"  

	"That's where one of you fucks me in the cunt and the other fucks me in the ass," Fran explained to Skeet.  

	"Uh, okay," Skeet said with a shrug, trying to be cool.  

	The next thing he knew, Fran had resumed sucking his prick and Phil was undressing.  

	Phil knelt behind Fran as she kept sucking Skeet.  He kissed her neck and filled his hands with her tits.  As Skeet watched the man joining them, he began to feel the special pleasure of sex with more than the usual number of players.  

	Fran pulled Skeet to the floor.  Then she stretched out, with Skeet's prick still in her mouth.  Phil began lapping her cunt.  After a while Fran swung around, taking her sucking mouth to Phil's prick and bringing her gaping pussy to Skeet's face.  

	As he ran his tongue around in Fran's sweet pussy, Skeet thought about what Fran had said she wanted.  Would he get to fuck her in the cunt or would he, being the newcomer, be consigned to her asshole?  Considering that possibility, Skeet was troubled.  Did he want to stick his prick up Fran's ass?  

	As he mulled this over, he began to see the pleasure in such a perversion.  Yes, ass-fucking might be fun!  

	Skeet was licking Fran's cunt with his head stuck between her thighs from her front side so her ass was right in front of his eyes.  By crossing his eyes slightly he was able to focus on her creamy ass-cheeks.  Then he reached around her hips and pulled those ass cheeks apart.  

	Staring at her puckered asshole, Skeet was more and more intrigued and excited about fucking her ass.  Continuing to lick Fran's cunt, he brought his finger to her asshole and tickled it.  Fran tensed at the touch of his finger, drawing her ass away.  But then she relaxed and even pushed her ass out toward Skeet's probing finger.  

	That was all he needed.  Now he hoped he would get to fuck his prick up her ass!  Let Phil have her pussy.  

	Skeet was wild with this new idea.  So wild he lost control of himself and craned his neck so he could reach Fran's asshole with his tongue.  As he moved the tip of it over her asshole, feeling its drawn aperture, he was shaking.  Then he pushed his tongue against the center of that tight hole and actually stuck it about a quarter inch in.  

	"Okay, guys," Fran said as she pulled her crotch from Skeet's face and her mouth from Phil's cock.  "Fuck me!"  

	She got up onto her knees with her thighs spread.  She held her own tits, massaging them with her fingers pressed to her nipples.  

	"I have a feeling Skeet wants to take the rear position," she said.  "Right?"  

	Fran looked at Skeet with the hottest expression he'd ever seen.  Skeet nodded his head eagerly as he crawled into position behind the kneeling woman.  

	"Oh, I love this!"  Fran said breathlessly as she reached around and grabbed Skeet's prick.  

	As she pulled his cock into her crotch, Skeet put his hands on her high, round ass cheeks.  

	"Stick your prick in my pussy first, to wet it," Fran said as she guided his prick to the soaking lips of her cunt.  

	Skeet gasped as his prick fucked into Fran's cunt.  Then he felt her pull his cock out and move it to her asshole.  But rather than let him stick his prick right into her ass, she put it back into her cunt again.  Back and forth she moved his cock, until her asshole was well moistened.  Then she held his prick head at the target of her ass.  

	"Come on!"  She pleaded.  

	Skeet leaned forward, bearing down on her asshole with his cock.  And when he felt her asshole opening and his prick fucking into that tight chamber, he cried out with excitement.  Farther and farther his prick fucked in, but very slowly.  

	"Ohhhhh!"  She gasped with a hint of pain in her voice.  

	Fran was leaning forward, holding Skeet's prick where it emerged from her asshole.  Then she carefully brought her body upright again.  

	"Come on, Phil!"  she called.  

	Phil had been watching as he waited for his turn.  Now he quickly came to Fran and got down on his knees in front of her.  She grabbed him and helped him fuck his prick into her pussy.  

	Skeet was stricken with fuck-lust at the sensation of his prick lodged in Fran's ass.  And as Phil fucked his prick up her cunt, Skeet felt it on the other side of the wall that separated those two pits of pleasure.  

	Now both cocks were crammed into Fran's crotch.  Fran slowly began moving her hips back and forth, making the pricks fuck in and out.  "Ahhh!"  Skeet gasped at the sensation of her ass canal sliding over his prick head.  

	She'd started slowly and carefully rocking her hips, but Fran was soon fucking wildly between the men.  Skeet kept a good grip on her ass cheeks with his fingers as his prick was swallowed deep into her ass.  

	"Oh, God!  I love it!"  Fran yelled.  

	Skeet couldn't believe what was happening.  Nor could he believe how good it felt!  Her asshole felt completely different from her pussy as it fucked on his prick.  It was so much tighter!  

	It wasn't long before Skeet was filling Fran's ass with jism.  And after he'd come, even though his cock cream had lubricated her ass, he had to withdraw his cock.  It was just too tender after that fucking to leave it in that wildly thrusting asshole!  

	Popping his prick free, Skeet lay back on the floor and watched Phil continuing to fuck his cock up Fran's cunt.  

	As he watched them working at their fucking, Skeet remembered how he had peeked in at their orgy and had been struck dumb by the sight.  Now he was part of that kinky life!  

	Phil held Fran around the waist as they knelt on the floor and fucked.  From where he lay, Skeet had a great view of Fran's ass.  With the thrusting and crashing of her hips, the firm flesh of her ass cheeks quivered heavily with a fascinating motion.  

	"Ahhhhh, ahhhhhh!"  Fran cried every time Phil's prick was fucked into her pussy.  

	Watching Phil and Fran kept Skeet involved, even though he'd shot his load.  And when they were crying out in ecstasy, the thrill of his own orgasm came back to him.  

	After the fucking, Fran, Phil and Skeet sat around and talked.  They even gave the boy a real drink and a cigarette.  Skeet had never felt so grown up.  

To Be Continued
