TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright c September 1999 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit.  
This story may be freely distributed for personal use with 
this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(M+/F, MM, MF, Inter, Impreg, FemDom)

WARNING: DO NOT READ THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, 
AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE 
DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE 
TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, 
OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR 
BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES' MALE 
LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

AUTHORS NOTE: 	The two stories below demonstrate how an 
idea can be carried in two different directions, but share 
strong similarities.


1st  Story:  The Illness
Author: C.D.E.


	The assistant invited me in.  My wife was already in 
the office with the doctor.  I sat beside her.  She greeted 
me with a peck on the cheek.
	She had been having problems remembering where she'd 
been at times, especially after having gotten provocatively 
dressed and then disappearing until the wee hours of the 
night. Also it apparently seemed to only occur when I was 
out of town on business.  I typically travel once a week 
and am gone for at least three nights.
	Apparently she'd been shielding this illness from me 
for quite a while, until I arrived home a day early from a 
business trip and was there when she came in at 3 AM, 
disheveled and obviously raped.  That is because she reeked 
of semen and heavy sex.
	Upon seeing me at home and in her condition, she 
confessed about the sleep walking type illness that caused 
her to dress and go out at the strangest of times.  She 
also told me that she thinks there may be a connection 
between the many strange phone calls she's been getting for 
someone name Susie Q. Her name is Susan, and she always 
insist upon being called that.  I knew she would never 
agree to being called Susie.
	"Well, all the tests are in, including the hypnosis 
analysis, and I'm afraid we have good and bad news."  The 
Doctor said in a professional tone.
	He went on to explain that my wife was suffering from 
a split personality condition where the other personality 
was a nymphomaniac and desired to date many men, manly 
black men.  
"Yes I know that's a shock to both of you, the 
Hypnotist also gave your wife a polygraph test and she 
passed.  That is, he confirmed that she's acted out her 
role as a black man's white slut, and has been doing so for 
over five years."
"What?  We've only been married for 3 years!"  I 
exclaimed.
"Well anyway, Mr. Smith, that's the good news, that 
is, we know what the problem is.  The issue now is what do 
we do about it?"
I inquired about treatment and medication.
The doctor replied that the only successful treatment 
was Implementation Role Play Therapy.
"R-Role playing?"  I stammered.
"In other words Mr. Ruston, you have to become part of 
the role playing.  You have to assume the role of the 
cuckold to help your wife get well.  You have to be 
prepared for strange black men to come by your house, 
whether you're home or not, and sex your wife.  Because of 
your wife's mental state while being affected by this 
condition, it'' not uncommon that the most abject 
degradation and humiliation may be demanded by her of you, 
or her having her black lovers  possibly force them upon 
you at her request."
I inquired what type things.  The doctor paused for a 
few moments and spelled out what he meant.
"I could use clinical names, but in layman's terms, 
the most common acts would be for you to orally attend to 
your wife's vagina after her strange men friends have 
ejaculated in her.  This is a most common act required by 
women in her state of mind when affected by this malady.  
Additionally, she, or the men friends may also require you 
to perform oral cleanup duties for them, or all the way to 
completion, that is where you take the men's ejaculate in 
your mouth and swallow it.  There are some other things 
they may be required of you, but I think you see the 
picture."
"I-I-I g-guess I-I do."  I replied flush in the face 
and stammering.
The doctor and my wife and I talked on.  We were 
joined by two of his assistants, one a beautiful blond, she 
looked hard, and a big muscular black man.
"Francis I think we have to do what the doctor is 
recommending.  Yes it'll be a little difficult on you, but 
if you really mean you love me as much as you say you do, 
you'll go through the therapy."
After more talking and soul searching, I reluctantly 
agreed.  The doctor complimented on doing the right thing.  
The therapy was to start that same day.
My wife left with the big black man.  The doctor and I 
talked a moment before I joined my wife with Black male 
assistant.
They were nude and she was sucking his huge cock.  I 
knew she was putting the best on the outside as she 
appeared to enjoy doing so for his benefit, you know not to 
hurt his feelings.
He was indeed huge.  The doctor selected him for his 
size because this is the type man my wife's alter ego sort.
"Honey, see how big he is.  Come take a lick.  You 
might as well get use to it, after all, you'll be cleaning 
him up after he fucks me and then you'll be coming here 
three times a week to suck him off too." My wife added.
"And after Nurse Glenda uses the dildo kit to open up 
your ass, you'll be getting that twice a week too.  That's 
part of the Deluxe therapy treatment package y'all bought."  
The black man interjected.

OVER A YEAR LATER

Well, the therapy seem to be working somewhat.  My 
wife still goes out, but her memory is much better.  She 
has 5 regular black studs that come by.  She demands I 
orally clean her after each leaves or while they're there 
if necessary.  That is, if her pussy needs refreshing for 
them. I know them all and they know me, but don't count me 
as they come to be with my wife, namely when they  get 
erections.
The therapy has helped me deal with being and feeling 
inconsequential when they are there.
Also, since I don't get to have regular sexual 
intercourse with her often - it's been over a year now - I 
have been getting off through masturbation and often I come 
when the men have intercourse with me, that is when they 
fuck my ass.  It's actually better than I thought it would 
be.
I was devastated when my wife announced she was 
pregnant by one of her five regulars, or that it could be 
from one of their 30 or so friends, who she occasionally 
fucked.  The doctor was more elated than I, because he said 
that the baby would aid the chemistry of trace elements 
that was causing the imbalance in her brain, which was 
causing the affliction.  However, he let me know that it 
might take several babies before the body heals itself in 
this manner.
I groaned loudly.
"Additionally, you definitely are not to discourage 
her from having more babies and you should probably buy a 
large supply of condoms, as in order for the psychological 
part of this therapy  to work, none of the children can 
biologically be yours."  The doctor added with a serious 
look as he stared me in the eyes.
I groaned even louder.

     		###END OF STORY #1###




Story #2
Story Title:  Affliction of Love
Author:  C.D.E.


CAST:
Husband-Stanley
Wife-Sandy
Sandy's Mother-Mrs. Jackson


	"Stanley, Dr. Morgan is simply saying that the therapy 
is working, he's not saying she's cured of her 
psychological affliction."
	"I know Mrs. Jackson.  I was just hopping she was, 
well you know, closer to being normal."
	"She will one day, as long as you provide your 
continuing support and devotion to her needs.  You are not 
giving up on her are you?"
	"Oh no, you know I love her too much.  I-I just wish 
that I didn't have to do all the things that's required of 
Dr. Morgan's therapy."
	"I understand how you feel and can see that you could 
possibly feel some slight humbleness.  However, it's all 
for a good cause... her long term well being that is."
	"I-I understand, b-but it's so painful sometimes to 
see her going out with her other men and I have to stay 
home and baby-sit the kids.  Who incidentally, none of 
which belong to me."
	"Stanley Jones!  How many times have I told you to not 
even think negatively of the children?  I don't mind you 
venting because she's going out with men other than you, 
but I will not tolerate you ever hinting anything 
despairingly about the children.  Understand?  Do I have to 
call your mom over and us have another talk with you about 
this subject?"
	"O-Oh n-no ma'am.  I-I'm sorry.  P-Please forgive me.  
I-I didn't mean anything negative about the kids.  Y-You 
know I care for them j-just as if they're mine."
	"In the eyes of the law they are yours Stanley."
	"I-I know Mrs. Jackson.  I-I didn't mean for my 
statement to be interpreted in a negative manner."
	"Okay, I'll take your word.  But I warn you, your mom 
and I love our three grandkids even if you're not the 
biological father."
	"I love them too.  It-it's just that I wish Dr. 
Morgan's therapy did encourage her using birth control 
protection more often, t-than relying on her lovers to use 
condoms."
	"Stanley we've gone over this so many times.  You know 
Dr. Morgan's therapy strives to make Sandy inwardly see the 
dangers of her yearnings to date and sex different men, 
while unprotected and running the risk of becoming 
pregnant.  However, her getting pregnant three times has 
increased her responsibility for her actions.  That is 
clearly evident.  Why she's stayed on the pill longer and 
longer after having each baby."
	"I-I know Mrs. Jackson... a-and I'm thankful for her 
progress, b-but, well what I'm trying to say, it's been 
stressful on me all these years."
	"I know it has Stanley.  She knows that she's blessed 
to have a good and understanding husband like you who 
steadfastly adhered to his vows and accepted his wife for 
better or worse, in sickness and health.  As your mother-
in-law, you know I praise you for how good you've been to 
her and the children."
	"Thanks for your praise Mrs. Jackson.  It's good to 
hear your compliments after all I've had to go through the 
last six years after it was discovered that Sandy had this 
subconscious desire to be a wanton slut and come home to me 
inseminated by other men."
	"Even with her condition, she still saw you as a 
pillow of stability in her world.  Otherwise she could've 
left you and you wouldn't have anything - her or the 
beautiful results of her affairs."
	"I-I know you and mother have both told me that 
countless times.  I-I guess I see your points, b-but I just 
wished things could've been different."
	"As I said Stanley, I understand your plight, but at 
the same time I know you understand your responsibility to 
your wife."
"Dr. Morgan constantly reminds me every time Sandy and 
I go in for our counseling sessions."
	"By the way, y'all went two days ago.  How was it?"
	"I'm afraid Sandy maybe getting the urge to go off the 
pill again."
	"No!"
	"Yes. I'm afraid so.  As usual, Dr. Morgan, didn't 
discourage her.  He only asked her if she was ready to 
accept the consequences of becoming pregnant again.  Her 
answer was that she did.  She also went on to say that it 
still felt good to have children by other men for our 
family, especially since I've been such a good father to 
the three we already have.  I really became irate at her 
answer and told her so in no uncertain terms.  It was then 
that Dr. Morgan reminded me of my wife's condition and that 
I must be patient with her until she fully understands her 
actions and the consequences of those actions on our 
marriage."
	"He is of course correct.  Don't you think?"
	"Y-Yes, of course.  Again, sometimes, I forget."
	"Well anyway, what was her answer to Dr. Morgan's 
question?"
	"Well, it seems that she has this weird idea that 
she's getting me to prove my love for her by being a slut 
to other men and that her getting knocked up is a bonus."
	"Stanley!  I will not having you using words like 
`knocked up' and `slut' in this house!  Please, my daughter 
is a decent girl.  She just has a malady that we can aid in 
curing her of, not by condemning her actions.  Remember, we 
all have to be supportive toward her, especially you."
	"Y-You know I am Mrs. Jackson. I-I'm sorry for m-my 
choice of words."
	"Apology accepted.  Now go on."
	"Yes ma'am. Well anyway, seeing my reaction, the 
doctor had us take a break.  It was during the session 
break that he had a talk with me and persuaded me to let 
Sandy know that I did love her but that she didn't have to 
go to such extremes to have me show her I only had a deep 
and true love for her.  I did as he requested, as I have in 
the past.  Well anyway, I apologized to Sandy for my 
outburst and did as Dr. Morgan requested when our session 
resumed.  
	She accepted my apology and we kissed and made up.  
She let me know that she still had not changed her mind 
about bringing home other men's babies to me.
	I just looked at her with wild eyes.  It was then that 
the Dr. Morgan asked me if I could come up with a better 
way of me proving my love that had such permanent 
implications, that is with the same impact as daily seeing 
the fruits of her three previous bouts of blatant adultery, 
and yet loving her nevertheless.
	"I thought for a long while.  When I couldn't match 
what she'd done already, Dr. Morgan advised that I should 
continue to think on the question until I could come up 
with a good answer.  In the mean time I was to accept my 
wife's methodology as sound.
		"I was quite stunned at the doctor's obvious 
concession and actual endorsement of what she's been doing.  
I-I can't help it if I couldn't think of a quick reply.  In 
fact, I really got upset with her and Dr. Morgan, for he 
complimented her for her foresight and told me to think 
about what my wife had said as he ended the session.  I was 
fuming, because all he did was condone her assertion that 
she's helping me prove my undying love to her by me 
accepting her infidelity and bringing home other men's 
babies into our marriage."
	"Stanley, I can somewhat see your point, but can you 
really fault her logic?"  His mother-in-law replied.
	"W-Well no, but I-I don't see why she has to humiliate 
me the way she does.  I'm looked on as the biggest cuckold 
and fool in town."
	"Stanley, showing love to someone often means ignoring 
what others think.  She often tells you that doesn't she?"
	"S-She does Mrs. Jackson, but it-it's hard to ignore 
when people snicker and giggle behind your back and look at 
you funny, especially when we're out with the kids. I 
really wished the, I-I mean o-our kids had not been by 
three of her old flames.  Especially since she specifically 
told me that they weren't good marriage or father 
material." Stanley spoke pathetically.	
	"And all three have praised you as the better person 
in that department, that is you'd make a good daddy for 
their children."
	Stanley also thought the three men's compliments were 
humiliating also, even though well meaning.
	"Another important subject Stanley.  Now you know 
you're still expected to provide your part of the therapy, 
you know to suck her cunt clean of her lovers jism whenever 
she comes home all loaded up with a cunt full of their 
cum."
	"I...sigh! ... know.  Plus anyway, if it'll help 
reduce her chance of becoming pregnant by them, it's 
probably beneficial."
	"That's the right attitude Stanley.  Don't walk around 
looking like everything is gloom and doom. Things are 
looking up. Like the doctor said, he's sure Vivian is close 
to snapping out of this little affliction, after having 
maybe, two or three more babies."
			
					###END###


Send comments to C.D.E. at ccwriter@hotmail.com
