Author: mypenname3000
Title: Lesbian's Reality Altering Ring Chapter Three: Popping Her New Twin Sister's Cherry
Summary: The naughty lesbian gender-swaps her twin brother into her hot twin sister!
Keywords: Ff Fff ff mc inc oral lac 1st exhib voy bodymod toy

Copywrite 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my beta reader for proofing this! The first chapter of this story was a commission by the fan who brought you Summoning My Succubus Mother! I've been allowed to continue it at my own discretion.

Kimberly Park

The DoorDash driver was just what I had ordered.

A busty, lactating MILF that would drop us off burgers and shakes for dinner along with her big, milk-laden udders. She was a sexy, White woman with brown hair and a pink crop top covering her breasts. She just yanked down her pink and stretchy top until her gray nursing bra was exposed.

Two little tabs that could be ripped away to expose her breasts. I grabbed them both and tore. The Velcro crinkled then her two dark-red nipples appeared. White milk beaded on them. I shuddered, so thrilled that I had altered reality to bring her here.

I bent down and engulfed her nipple with my mouth. She gasped as I suckled on her. I nursed on her with such passion. Milk squirted into my mouth. My eyes widened at my first taste of it. This was sweeter than cow milk. And so warm.

When I swallowed it, this flavor like cantaloupe lingered in my mouth.

I nursed again on her, savoring the milk splashing on the roof of my mouth. I groaned and gulped it down. I let it flow down my throat. I suckled with such passion on her. She whimpered as I nursed from her.

That is hot, groaned Sandra. How did you get DoorDash to bring you a lactating MILF?

It's not something we normally do, but when the request came in, I just knew that it was from a very special girl. The MILF groaned. Ooh, I've never had a woman suckle on my nipple before.

Kimberly can make the straightest woman gay, my big sister said.

Oh, yes, my daughter can, Mom said, bending down to grab the food lying on the carpeted floor of the outer hallway of the apartment complex. 

It was so hot gulping down the MILF's breast milk. I swallowed it all down, drinking every drop that squirted out of her. Then there was more of it for me to enjoy. I was having just such a ball nursing on her. She was delicious.

My powers were so awesome. P had given me this wondrous ring, whoever she was. It was all so crazy, but here I was with my gorgeous, new body. Big tits, a curvy ass, and everyone wanted to have sex with me. 

Well, all the women.

I suckled with passion on the MILF's boob. My hand squeezed her udder, milking her as her creamy delight flowed into my mouth. I shuddered, my pussy getting so hot and wet. I loved every moment of this.

Ooh, you are a thirsty thing, the MILF said, her hands stroking through my hair. Oh, that's just wild.

It was wild to have a sexy MILF just deliver me all this wonderful milk.

I swallowed it, kneading hard. She groaned as her milk ran dry. It was over so fast. I shuddered and popped her mouth off my nipple. I glanced at my ring. It was a little dull. This wish had used up some of the power. 

So, is your baby a son or daughter? I asked, this naughty ache shooting through me.

A daughter, she said. She's a wonderful cutie.

And when she's old enough, you're going to seducer her and have sex with her, aren't you? I said. That's what I want to happen.

My gold ring grew a little duller as she moaned, Of course it is, she said. I want to make love to her when she's older. She'll be so beautiful.

Yes, she will, I said, the gleam fading from the ring. And you'll always have your breast milk. It'll never run dry again. Isn't that amazing?

Oh, it is, she said as I leaned down and latched onto it. I could feel my ring needed pussy juices to recharge. I knew she would have plenty as I suckled and drank down her now everlasting breast milk. I savored that creamy treat pouring down my throat.

As I did, I slid my hand down her stomach to her jeans. I found the fastener and popped it. Still gulping down her breast milk, I plunged my left hand into her panties. I would recharge the ring and have fun doing it.

Oh, that wasn't on the menu, she groaned. But you are such a sexy thing...

I loved this power of mine.

I thrust my fingers into her cunt. I thrust into her snatch and stirred around in her twat. She groaned, her pussy clamping down on my digits as I suckled on her. I nursed with hunger on her, savoring that wonderful, creamy treat.

Mmm, your food is getting cold, my sister said. She grabbed my ass, squeezing it. Though I see you are having a delicious delight.

I moaned my agreement, thrusting my fingers in and out of the MILF's pussy. Her cunt clamped down on them as I worked them in and out of her snatch. It was an amazing delight to pump in and out of her snatch. 

She groaned as I nursed on her. My cunt clenched. I suckled on her with passion, the milk flowing down my throat. I shuddered, my hips wiggling from side to side as my pussy cream ran down my thighs.

My sister's fingers slid down my rump. Let me give you a helping hand here, sis.

Oh, she was amazing.

Her fingers found my taint then the shaved folds of my pussy. As I pumped my digits in and out of the MILF's cunt, my sister thrust two into my twat. I groaned, clamping down my snatch on her. She stirred me up while I gulped down that sweet and creamy delight.

Her thumb found my clit as her digits thrust in and out of my cunt. She made me feel amazing. I quivered from all the naughty things she did to me. It was fantastic to enjoy her doing that. A wave of heat washed through me.

I groaned around the MILF's nipple.

Ooh, you are such a delightful customer, the MILF moaned as I thrust my fingers faster and faster, my orgasm building swiftly.

It was the thrill of suckling her milk that had primed me for my sister's naughty ministrations. She did just such wicked things to my cunt. I groaned at this delight, my cheeks hollowing as I suckled down all the creamy delight that she had. It was perfect. I would just have such a big burst of pleasure as I gulped down this milk.

My thumb found the MILF's clit. I rubbed on it. She gasped in delight, her cunt clamping down on my digits. She shuddered as I pleasured her. It was so much fun to do this to her while drinking her creamy milk.

Ooh, yes, yes, you got such a hot cunt, Kimberly, Sandra moaned, her thumb rubbing my clit in fast circles. She polished my pearl. Just so delicious.

And her mouth... The MILF quivered. Oh, my god, I'm going to cum.

Her cunt squeezed down on my clit as I rubbed her bud harder with my thumb. I matched what my sister did to me. This wicked heat shot through me. I squeezed my eyes shut, moaning around the nipple in my mouth. The milk flowed down my throat.

Sandra fucked her digits in and out of my cunt. I trembled, my stomach filling with all that yummy breast milk. It was just delicious. My eyes squeezed shut. My orgasm brimmed in me. I was on the verge of cumming.

Yes! the MILF gasped.

Her cunt writhed around my digits. Her cunt juices soaked my hands. I loved the pleasure of it. She soaked me while her pussy nursed at my digits. She suckled with such hunger at my digits. My snatch clamped down on my sister's cunt.

She rubbed hard at my clit. I squealed in delight and burst with lesbian passion.

I moaned around the MILF's nipple as my orgasm surged through me. I swallowed her breast milk, gulping it down as my cunt convulsed around my sister's digits. The pleasure swept through and drowned my mind.

That's it, Kimberly, purred my sister. Ooh, yes, yes, you're having just a delicious orgasm.

I was.

The rapture swept through me. Stars danced before my eyes. I groaned, savoring the heat rushing through me. My cunt suckled at her fingers. The MILF's twat rippled around my digits as she moaned through her pleasure.

Oh, my god, she groaned. Ooh, that's so good. Oh, you really know how to make a woman feel amazing. Best delivery ever.

I popped my mouth off her nipple, my pleasure carrying me higher and higher. I loved that heat burning through me. I hit the peak of my bliss. Stars danced before my eyes. My breasts bounced and jiggled. I shuddered in delight at the bliss. 

I kissed her on the mouth. I thrust my tongue into her mouth. I wiggled about, letting her enjoy the taste of her own breast milk. My twat spasmed one last time around my sister's digits. I quivered in delight, so glad I had this delight delivered.

I broke the kiss. Mmm, thank you so much for that. It was a lovely delivery.

Yeah, the MILF panted. She quivered. Thanks for that. I can't wait for my daughter to be old enough to do that to me.

I winked at her. 

She put away her breasts as I closed the door. My sister pulled her digits out of my cunt. I turned around and smiled at the sight of her sucking her fingers clean of my pussy. It was a delight to witness her loving it.

So, hungry? she asked.

Yes, I said and headed into the house where Mom was already sitting on the couch nursing on her shake, her big boobs jiggling.

I joined my Mom, cuddling up to her and grabbing a burger. So, we going to watch a movie?

I have work tomorrow, Mom said. I would love to, but I have so many chores to do. And your brother will be home soon.

Yeah, he's going to freak at this, Sandra said. You're the hottest girl in the world, and he can't touch you even though he's your twin.

Yep, no boys allowed, I said as Sandra sat down beside me. Mom, you'll never have to work again. You know why?

Why?

Because, I said. I have an OnlyFans account. I posted it on Instagram an hour ago. My ring shined. And you know that I already have tens of thousands of followers, don't I? I'm going to be bringing in all the money.

Let's see, my sister said and grabbed her phone. She opened it up and found the post that I had just created. she clicked on it and blinked. Jesus, you have 12,048 subscribers. Minimum $5 to subscribe. I know you don't get all of that.

$3 bucks, I said.

That's still $36,000 a month. My sister stared at me in shock. Jesus, Mom, quit your job. Our Kimberly is making six figures a year.

Yep, I said. A half a million a year. Just because of this ring. I shivered in delight. You never have to work again. You're going to be pampered. You've earned it, Mom, for what Dad did to you. 

I put my arm around her, pulled her in, and kissed her on the lips, my mouth still tasting of breast milk. I thrust my tongue past her lips and swirled it around in her mouth. She groaned as I did that, her lips tasting of chocolate.

Such a delight. 

My mother deserved something wonderful. She deserved to have an orgasm on my lips. I wanted to eat my mommy to a wonderful cum. Then I had to deal with my brother. I had my plans. Something I always wanted. This would be so hot.

I broke the kiss and slipped to the floor. I pushed Mom's thighs apart. She smiled down at me, her big breasts jiggling. She was such a gorgeous Korean woman. She was the reason I had my sleek, black hair. 

My original body had not inherited her big breasts.

I had been flat as a board with a pancake ass. Homely, too. I looked pretty Korean, not like my older sister who looked very American with her round face and bleached-blonde hair. Our father had been in the military and brought our mother to the states.

Then he left her. 

Now I was busty and beautiful just like my mother. I leaned forward, inhaling the tart musk of her pussy. It was a wondrous delight. I licked my lips then buried my face into her bush. Her curls spilled over my mouth.

I found her pussy.

I licked at her.

I lapped with hunger at my mother's snatch. I had to make her cum. Just make her explode on my mouth. That would be perfect. My tongue stroked up her flesh, gathering her incestuous juices. Her flavor soaked through my mouth.

Oh, yes, Daughter, she moaned in Korean. She was more fluent in it than English. You're such a wonderful blessing. Yes, yes, eat my pussy.

I will, Mother, I groaned, my Korean pretty decent. Not like Sandra who could understand but not speak it well. I'll make you cum the way a loving daughter should. You'll never have to work and you'll have all the pleasure you can want!

I thrust my tongue into her pussy, into the hole that brought me into this world, and swirled around in her. I reveled in that delight. I was so glad that I could pleasure her. She moaned, her cunt clamping down on my probing appendage.

I swirled around in her. I stirred her up, feasting on her with hunger. I loved the taste of her. The flavor of her cunt. I flicked my tongue up and down my mother's snatch, her curls rubbing on my face. She moaned, her face twisting in delight. 

God, I still can't believe how much money you're going to make on OnlyFans, groaned my sister. We should give them a pic.

Me eating Mom's cunt, I said. Grab my phone.

Right, said Sandra. You need a manager, right? I can do that.

Yes, you can, I moaned, my ring so dull. It needed a recharge of pussy juices. 

I flicked my tongue up to Mom's clit. I swirled around her bud. She gasped as I batted her clit. Then I suckled on her bud while bringing my left hand to her cunt. I thrust two digits into her cunt, my ring and pinkie fingers.

I sank them into her hot cunt. Her pussy engulfed my digits and soaked the ring. I knew it was polishing it right back, recharging the power that let me alter the world. I loved this so much. And there were 3.5 billion women in the world, right?

I would never run out of power.

I pumped my fingers in and out of Mom's twat as I suckled on her clit. She gasped, squeezing her hot and silky flesh around my digits. She quivered as I loved her. She moaned, her big boobs jiggling. Her porcelain face contorted.

Oh, that's so good, daughter, Mom moaned in Korean. That's amazing. Yes, yes, I love that so much. I'm going to cum.

Cum, Mother! I purred and suckled hard on her bud.

She gasped, her pussy clamping down on my digits. I pumped away at her cunt, savoring how silky and juicy she was. Her curls rubbed on my face as she squirmed on the cough. My camera went off, capturing this moment for my OnlyFans.

I ripped my fingers out of her pussy and just drank the tart juices gushing out of my mother. That incestuous flood bathed my lips and poured down my chin. My breasts jiggled and heaved as I loved this so much.

Oh, Daughter, thank you, groaned Mom as she came down from her high.

I pulled my lips from my mother's pussy as she panted. I rose up her body, straddled her, and kissed her with passion on the lips. My mother groaned into my lips. Her tongue danced with mine It was such a delight to kiss her like this.

Such a treat to love her. She grabbed my rump and squeezed. My sister took another picture then posted it to OnlyFans. I felt so wonderful right now. I had secured a future for my family. That was just so wonderful.

I broke the kiss with Mom. Mmm, do you think Andrea is a good name?

Mom blinked. Good name for who?

My twin sister, I said.

She frowned. Did I hear you correctly? You don't have a twin sister. Sandra is your only sister.

Well, Andrew is a great guy, but... I smiled. I always thought he would make a great twin sister. I suppose I should make Natalie gay, too. I smiled. That way they can still be dating.

What? Sandra asked. Um, I know you're amazing and all, Kimberly, but you can't make our brother into a woman. Not... not right away. There are so many steps to transitioning. I'm sure if you convince Andrew, he would change.

I don't need to convince him, I said. I glanced at the door. I think he's coming now. There are his footsteps. It's about that time.

Oh, no, we're naked, gasped Mother, sounding so panicked in Korean.

Relax, Mother, I told her and she did.

I slid off her lap and drew in a deep breath. The key rattled in the lock. The deadbolt wasn't set. So Andrew opened the door. My brother, a tall guy with glasses entered the room. We were so close. I could talk to him about almost anything with him, but I always held back some things because he wasn't a she.

Andrew open the door and came face to face with my new body. He froze at the sight of me naked. He blinked at my bountiful breasts. Then he jerked his eyes to the ceiling and let out a strangled groan, his glasses slipping on his face.

Jesus, Kimberly, he said. I know you don't mind sharing nudes on Instagram, but... You can't just be nude in the house. Mom is going to kill you.

I wouldn't be too sure about that, little brother, Sandra said while Mom was holding a pillow to her breasts to hide them from her son.

Listen, I said. It's time that I have sex with my virgin twin sister before she loses her virginity to her girlfriend, I said and felt the ring burst with power. I knew it would be dull after this wish.

Reality altered before my eyes.

Andrew stopped being Andrew and became Andrea. It was almost imperceptible. She just sort of flickered then there was my twin sister standing before me. She wore some tight jeans that fit her slender form. We were fraternal, not identical, so she didn't have tits as big as me, but she did have some nice round ones. A delicate face, Andrews but a little softer. Black hair spilled around her features, glasses perched on her nose.

You really want to have sex with me? Andrea asked, her voice tremulous. I didn't think you ever noticed me.

And that's why you started dating Natalie, I said. Because you thought you didn't have a shot with me. And I know you love her, but... we're twins. I grabbed my twin sister's hands. She was perfect. We shared a womb. It's only right that we should share other things. Come on. I want to make love to you.

I'd like that, Andrea said. 

I shuddered, my cunt on fire. I pulled my twin sister to me. I kissed her on the mouth, feeling how sweet and feminine her lips were. She melted against me. Her tongue thrust into my mouth. She swirled it about mine, kissing me with such passion.

I grabbed my twin sister's ass. She grabbed mine. She dug her fingers into my rump. Her fingernails gripped me. Our tongues played as we made out. It was so incredible. I shuddered then broke the kiss.

Okay, strip for me. I want to see you naked! 

My twin sister blinked. You've seen me naked loads. I mean, we share a room.

I was shocked by that. We hadn't before, but I guess the need for us to not share one was gone. But now you're doing it to show me how sexy your body is. I arched my eyebrow. How does that sound?

Mmm, hot, Andrea purred. God, you make me so wet, you know that? It's been so hard the last few years. I mean, you got those huge tits. You're so lucky.

You have no idea, I said, glancing down at my gold ring. It was tarnished. But I would fix that right up with my sexy sister. Come on, I want to see that body. And so does Mom and Sandra.

Ooh, I do, but... My older sister grinned. What if we filmed you taking Andrea's cherry? That would be a huge OnlyFans perk. We post that on Instagram, and I bet we get you even more fans. We're going to living the easy life. I can't wait.

OnlyFans? gasped Andrea.

You game to have your virginity taken shared with my OnlyFans. Just a few people.

Oh, it's more than that. She's got tens of thousands of followers.

Fuck, Andrea said. Okay, I'll do it. Got to do my part to support the family.

That's right, I said, so happy that she was game. This was so exciting. My cunt was on fire. Now strip! Let's see that body!

Andrea blushed, her glasses slipping on her nose. She pulled off her t-shirt, exposing a pink bra that held her round breasts. I couldn't wait to see those titties in real life. I couldn't believe that I had done this. That I had really changed her gender. My powers were awesome.

She reached behind her and unhooked that delicious bra. My breath caught as my twin sister unveiled her boobs to me. They were just as round as I imagined, topped by dark-brown nipples. I could swoon with delight. My pussy clenched.

Oh, Andrea, those are such beautiful tits, I moaned, my pussy melting. I had made her into the perfect twin sister. I love them so much.

They're not as big as yours, she said, crossing them. 

And? I asked. How does that stop them from being perfect?

Andrea shook her head. How do you always know just what to say, Kimberly?

Oh, I wouldn't go that far, I answered, blushing. It's just... They're beautiful. Oh, Andrea, you're perfect now.

She smiled broader. I had improved this wonderful being that had shared a womb with me. No one but me would ever know the truth. I bet if she had her DNA tested, she'd have two X chromosomes. Not a Y to be found.

Not let's see that cute ass, Sandra cooed. Come on, Andrea, don't hold out on us.

Andrea grinned and unbuttoned her jeans. A flash of pink panties peeked through the opening fly. I loved the sight as she wiggled off her jeans. She had such a cute pair of panties. I loved her taste in undies. Just a bit of lace around the edges.

I was so enthralled with what I had done. Just so happy with myself. My heart pounded in my chest as my twin sister stepped out of her jeans. I licked my lips, wanting to see what she had beneath her panties.

I didn't think about how she groomed her twat. Does she shave or not?

My sister pushed down her panties, and I groaned at the shaved pubic mound. That was so hot. She did. Ooh, a virgin who had a bald muff. How hot. She revealed her tight slit dripping with her juices.

The twat that I had to devour.

As she stepped out of her panties, I grabbed her by the hand and pulled her towards the hallway and the bedroom. I was so curious, what was Andrea's room if she didn't need her own room and that was when I realized that Sandra must have her own room now. I shrugged. 

This was better. 

I led her to Mom's room, though. That big bed that was rumpled. Plus my strap-on dildo was in there. I was going to fuck Andrea with it so hard. She swallowed as she looked at the rumpled bed and breathed in.

Oh, my, you guys have been having fun without me, she said, a playful smile.

Yep, said Sandra as she held up the camera. She was filming this all, this naughty gleam in her eyes. Ooh, things are going to be just wild.

I smiled and pulled Andrea to me again. I kissed my twin sister with such lusty hunger on the mouth. Her lips melted against mine. She groaned as I thrust my tongue around in her mouth. She kissed me back, her hands grabbing my hips.

She pulled me in close. I groaned as our breasts pressed tight. I shuddered at that. Our boobs came together, too. Our nipples kissed. Sparks flared from them. A naughty wave of heat shot through me. I loved what that did to me.

Then she pulled me back and dragged me down on the bed on top of her. My twin sister was so aggressive. I loved it. My big boobs rubbed into her round tits as we kissed. She felt so delicious beneath me as she squirmed.

I broke the kiss, my hands sliding up to grab her round and perfect tits. I smiled down at her, just so in love with my twin sister and glad that I could do this. After her, I would conquer my other crush. My best friend that I wanted to make the moves on for years. 

But first, Andrea.

Mmm, your tits are so gorgeous, I said, kneading them. My fingers played with those delights. God, I just want to suckle on your nipples.

Well, nothing is stopping you, my twin sister purred. I know that I'm not stopping you.

Good, good, I cooed, my hands fondling her tits. I plan on sucking on them and licking them. I might even nibble on them.

Andrea winked at me, a big smile on her lips.

It was so hot that she was here as a woman. I leaned my head down, my black hair sweeping over her round tits, and suckled her hard nub into my mouth. I closed my eyes, savoring the size of her. A wonderful girl's nipple just for me to play with.

My twin sister gasped as I suckled on her. She squirmed on the bed. Her head tossing from side to side. She whimpered as I did that. I nibbled on her, just like I said I might, my soft lips loving her nub. She gasped as I nursed again on her. 

Oh, my god, Kimberly, she moaned. Ooh, that feels so good. I love that so much. You just drive me wild, you know that?

I'm glad, I said. Sisters should drive each other wild.

I winked at her in complete agreement. My pussy was on fire as I suckled on her nipple again. I loved how she felt in my mouth. The way I made her gasp and squirm as I nibbled on her. She arched her back as I did that.

Her moans only made this hotter. I was giving my sister all the pleasure I could. I was making her feel so good. Crossing that line into wild delight. It was such a thrill. A treat. She squirmed on her back, whimpering and moaning.

Yes, yes, yes, she whimpered, squirming on the bed. She sounded so cute. Oh, that makes my pussy feel so good.

I popped my mouth off her right nipple and, as I headed for the left, I cooed, You'll love what I do to that virgin twat.

I know I will, she moaned, glancing at the strap-on that Mom had put on the nightstand. Mmm, you're going to take my cherry. Just such a naughty sister I have. 

I engulfed Andrea's nipple. She gasped and whimpered. The bed creaked beneath me as I loved my sister's nipple. I suckled on her nub with pure hunger. My cheeks hollowed as I pulled as much of it into my mouth as I could then let it pop out with a wet smack.

It was such a hot sound. She gasped as I flicked her nipple with my tongue before doing it again. And again. The plopping sounds echoed through Mom's bedroom. Sandra recorded it all for my OnlyFans. I would be loved by all.

This was so hot.

As I suckled on her, I slid my left hand down her body. That wonderful ring that P gave me needed to be recharged, and Andrea's pussy juices were the perfect medium to do that. I pushed into her shaved folds and rubbed my knuckles across her tight, virgin slit.

I could feel the ring slurping up her juices as I nibbled on her nipple. She shuddered as I rubbed my ring finger up and down her groove, making sure that ring had full contact with her creamy cunt. My sister gasped and moaned, refueling my power.

For more reality-altering wishes.

I popped my mouth off her and lifted my left hand. My ring was golden and shiny, her pussy cream smeared over my fingers. God, you're so wet.

Of course I am, Andrea moaned. I have my busty twin sister nibbling on my nipple. I've fantasized about this for so long. I'm so glad you finally are ready to do things with me.

Me, too, I purred and winked at her.

I moved down her body, hungry for more. I kissed and smooched at her belly. I licked at her navel. She squealed as I did that, her round tits jiggling. I came closer and closer to my twin sister's pussy. I trembled, my pussy on fire.

The sweet aroma of her pussy drew me in. She smelled so good. My mouth watered. I kissed down her shaved pubic mound. The salty flavor of her skin took on that delicious taste then it was just her pussy I was enjoying as I reached the top of her slit. 

I kissed my twin sister's pussy.

I nibbled down her slit to her clitoral hood. She gasped as I smooched her bud. She groaned, her head tossing, her boobs jiggling. She had such round boobs and pink nipples. I loved the way they quivered. They were just such gorgeous and delicious things. 

My tongue lapped at her sweet cunt. I licked and lapped at her snatch. She groaned, her back arched. Her thighs squeezed about my head. She held me there as I caressed her. I feasted on her with delight, my tongue swept over her slit.

I pressed my tongue into her cunt and pushed on her hymen.

She had a maidenhead.

I was so eager to pop her cherry with my strap-on. My pussy clenched with delight. My cunt dripped down my thighs. My tongue caressed her. She groaned as I brushed her clit. Her little bud was so cute. This was the pleasure she deserved.

Oh, god, you're just such an amazing pussy licker, moaned Andrea. Mmm, better than my girlfriend.

Ooh, does she go down on you? I asked. But you still have your cherry.

I kept it for you, Andrea moaned. For my sexy twin sister to fuck me!

I groaned and licked at her. I feasted on her. She groaned, humping against me. She smeared her hot flesh against me. She soaked my face with her juices. She whimpered and moaned. I was so touched that she saved her cherry for me. 

My tongue stroked over her hymen over and over again. I loved the texture of her. She whimpered, her back arched. Her breasts jiggled with her excitement. She grabbed the sheets, holding them tight. I loved it so much.

Oh, my god, that's the best thing in the world, she groaned. Oh, that's it. That's fucking it.

I am going to make you explode, I moaned. I am going to make you pop. You're going to drown me with your sweet cream. I found her clit and suckled on her bud.

She gasped and shuddered. She ground her pussy against my lips. I lost her clit for a moment. Then I found it again and suckled so hard. She tossed her head from side to side as I loved her bud. She gasped, her round tits jiggling.

Sandra moved in for a closeup, sensing that Andrea was about to cum. I suckled hard on my new twin sister. My cheeks hollowed as I loved that bud. My sister moaned, a throaty sound rising from the depths of her throat.

Oh, my god, Kimberly! she squealed.

Her sweet pussy cream jetted out of her virgin pussy.

She drenched my mouth with her cunt cream. I groaned, feasting on my twin sister's passion. It was so incredible to drink her juices. To finally feast on Andrea's cunt. She finally existed in her proper form. I shuddered, licking and lapping at her.

My pussy clenched. The hot cream dripped down my thighs. My tongue licked and lapped at her cunt. I stroked up and down her, loving the feel of her. The texture of her. She had such a wild flavor to her. I loved every moment of lapping at her.

She shuddered on her back. Her passion echoed through the bedroom. I loved the sounds she made as I devoured every inch of her cunt. I licked and lapped at her, savoring this delight. I was so glad to give her this pleasure.

My sister deserved to cum over and over again.

Oh, Kimberly! she moaned.

I licked up her cream as she trembled. Her round boobs quivered. They rose and fell with their perfect beauty. They were just what I needed to play with. I was so happy to nuzzle into her shaved pussy and lick up the last of the juices.

Oh, I am so ready to have my cherry popped, Kimberly, my sister moaned. She stared down at me.

I shuddered and crawled up her body, my large boobs dragging over her stomach. My nipples burst with sparks as I reached her tits. I kissed her with hunger, letting her taste her sweet passion. She groaned, hugging me tight, my twat burning to take her hard.

Our tongues danced together as we made out. We kissed with such passion. We shared this passion. It was incredible. I was so glad that I had my ring. That I made all this happen for my family. We were going to have such passion together. Just such joy.

I broke the kiss. Ready?

Yeah, she said. Can I... She swallowed. Can I put it on you?

Of course, I said. I rolled off her and scrambled off Mom's bed. You absolutely can put it on me. In fact, that would be so hot. Right? 

I glanced at Sandra, and my fans that would watch this so much. Sandra winked at me as she kept filming this. It was all so exciting. My pussy clenched with my excitement. My heart thundered in my chest as my gender-swapped sister rolled off the bed.

She grabbed the strap-on and played with the harness. Then she knelt before me and held the harness for me. I smiled down at my twin sister. She was just such a gorgeous cutie now. I was so glad that I had her in my life.

I could tell her anything.

She worked the vinyl harness up my legs. I loved the cool material sliding over my calves. She passed my knees and worked it up my thighs. The vinyl started to catch and stick to my skin. She worked it higher, reaching my plump rump.

She pulled it over my ass. A shiver ran through me as she pressed the dildo's base against my shaved pussy lips. The toy made me shiver. My clit throbbed from the pressure. My pussy lips drank in the delight.

Ooh, this is going to be great, I told her as she stood up. She grabbed the shaft, stroking it. You're going to love it. I'll be so gentle.

She hooked her arm around my neck, her lips moving in to kiss me. I know, Kimberly.

Our lips melted together. The toy nudged into her stomach, rubbing on my clit. Pleasure shot through me. I groaned, loving that delight. My tongue danced with hers as I savored what that naughty clit was doing to me.

I would have such a huge orgasm fucking my twin sister.

My hands grabbed her ass. I squeezed her rump as we kissed. Our boobs rubbed together. Her nipples slid over my big tits. Our nubs brushed. We both whimpered at that wicked delight. I wiggled my shoulders to slide my nipples past hers over and over again.

It was amazing.

My tongue danced with hers as she turned us. The bed was behind her. I groaned and pushed her back. She didn't resist as she bumped the bed. She sank down onto it, holding onto me. I followed her down, kissing her.

The dildo waved back and forth, massaging my clit and pussy lips in the process. I shuddered at that as she stretched out on her back. I settled between her thighs, my big boobs swaying above her. I broke the kiss, a thin strand of saliva connecting us.

A gossamer strand of liquid silk that snapped.

God, that's hot, our older sister purred. Sandra rubbed at her cunt with one hand as she kept filming. You two are so sexy.

Yes, we are, I purred. 

Mmm, I'm cute. She winked at me. You're sexy.

I grinned at my twin as I grabbed the dildo and guided it to her shaved cunt. I pushed the tip of the fake cock into her slit. Her outer labia spread around it. I shuddered as the base massaged my clit. I found the opening to her cunt.

I felt her hymen resisting me.

I'm so ready for it, she moaned. Ooh, I am so ready for you to ram into me and make me cum. Make me into a woman, Kimberly. Please, please, I love you so much!

I thrust against her maidenhead.

The dildo pressed into my clit. The pressure was incredible. I pushed hard against her. She groaned, her face twisting in delight. Then she squealed as her cherry popped. I plunged into her cunt. I sank the sex toy into her wonderful snatch.

My clit burst with delight as the dildo sank further and further into her pussy. The base massaged my bud. I groaned, savoring the pressure on me. Pleasure spilled through me as the toy bottomed out in my sister's pussy.

Kimberly, she moaned, trembling beneath me. That's amazing. Oh, wow, that's just so incredible. You're filling me up. I love it. I love it so much. Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!

I smiled down at her as I drew back my hips. She groaned, trembling beneath me. Her face contorted with the delight of this moment. I plowed back into her, loving how she gasped beneath me. I was so thrilled to bury into her pussy with the toy.

Oh, that's wonderful, she moaned. You're just so amazing.

I love you so much, I purred. I'm so glad that I could do this for you. That I could be the one to break in your pussy!

Me, too. She kissed me.

My lips melted to hers, my big boobs rubbing into her round tits. I thrust away at her pussy, driving the dildo into her cunt. The pleasure sparked through me. It was fantastic to ram my fake cock into her pussy. Just such a delight to bury girl-dick into her cunt.

I couldn't feel it, but I imagined how silky and hot her pussy must be around my big dick. I plowed into her hard and fast. My clit drank in the friction, bursting with delight every time I drove the sex toy into her pussy.

My twin sister's tongue danced with mine. How she swirled about me. It was quite the delight to make out with her as I fucked her deflowered pussy with my fake dick. I loved being on her so much. Her arms held me tight as I buried to the hilt in her cunt with the sex toy.

I made love to my twin sister.

Our nipples rubbed together. Sparks flared each time that happened. They shot down to my pussy and soaked through my depths. I quivered in delight, burying into her pussy again and again. I love the way she moaned beneath me. Her body trembled.

She broke the kiss, moaning. I buried my face into her throat, sucking at her flesh as I drove the dildo into her deflowered pussy. I buried deep and hard into her cunt, loving every moment of pumping away at her.

She groaned beneath me. Her pulse fluttered against my lips. I loved this so much. I was so glad that I could enjoy this passion. I drove my dildo into her pussy over and over again. I pumped away with such passion at her. 

You're amazing, Kimberly! she moaned.

So are you! I groaned, my cunt clenching. Ooh, I am going to cum just from fucking your pussy.

Not as hard as me, she gasped. It feels so right having that dildo burying into me.

Yes, it does, I groaned, my face contorting with delight. Oh, I'm getting closer and closer to cumming. Just hurtling towards that wonderful passion.

Yes, yes, yes, gasped my twin sister. She trembled beneath me. Ooh, you're going to make me cum so hard. I'm going to explode.

Explode! I gasped, loving plunging into her pussy again and again. Just erupt. It's so good. You're just so awesome. I love you.

I raised my head from her neck and stared into her dark eyes. She stared back with such love. She hugged me tight as I drilled the dildo to the depths of her cunt. My clit burst with sparks. My pussy drank in the heat.

Let's cum together, I moaned, pumping away with such hard strokes. I love you so much, Andrea. I'm almost there. Burst with me. Share in rapture with your busty twin sister!

Yes, yes, yes, my twin sister gasped. I'm... I'm... Kimberly!

Andrea! I squealed and climaxed.

My pussy spasmed as I trembled atop my sister. She groaned beneath me. I kissed her, moaning into her lips as we shared our incestuous climax. It was so magical to cum with her. She whimpered into my mouth.

Her tongue thrust into my mouth. She swirled it around as we trembled together. Her legs rubbed against mine. My mind drowned in the rapture gushing out of my cunt. It was so intense. It was amazing to share this with her.

And Sandra filmed it all.

I hit that wonderful peak of my pleasure. I shuddered on my sister. I kissed her with gentle passion. I was so happy with my powers. I had made her into such a sexy woman. I had made her perfect. Tears sprang into my eyes.

I broke the kiss. Oh, Andrea, you're perfect. I love you so much.

She smiled at me. I love you, too. She rubbed her nose against mine. Mmm, this is so amazing. I'm going to like this new life.

And that's been Kimberly deflowering our sister, Sandra said. You want to see other hot vids from Kimberly, you have to check out her only fans.

I arched Sandra an eyebrow.

Twitter promo, she said, winking at me. Now, can I lick our sister's pussy?

I grinned at her and slid off Andrea. Of course you can. 

The dildo thrust out before me dripping in pussy cream. Sandra was smacking her lips as she slid my phone on the nightstand. Mom was standing in the doorway, her right hand rubbing at her cunt, her left hand massaging her boob.

Enjoying the show? I asked her.

Yes, she said. I want to make love to all my daughters.

Family lesbian orgy? That sounded hot. I glanced at the ring. Bright and shiny and ready for more fun.

To be continued...
