Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Bimbo App ~ Man Bimbofies the Ex-Wives Chapter Two: Bimbofied Wife Cucks the Wimp
Summary: The stud fucks his ex-wife before her new wimpy husband!
Keywords: MFF Msolo MF mc oral creampie anal rim A2M spank exhib voy wife cheat cuck

Copywrite 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to Pat for beta reading this!

Bill Crest

I had my phone ready the moment that my second ex-wife, Patti, reached her front door. I was on the other side on her porch. She had remarried to this tool named Shaun who was also home. I heard him tell her to open the door. Patti had wanted kids. I hadn't.

So she found someone else that could give them to her.

The door opened and there she was. A brunette woman in her thirties. She was looking good in her tight t-shirt that showed off those nice, big tits of hers that I loved. I did like my women to be busty. She wore a pair of purple sweatpants. Casual clothes.

Her expression soured at the sight of me. What are you doing

I tapped YES on my phone and bimbofied her.

HERE! she squealed. Yes, yes, yes, you're here! Ooh, ooh, yay!

My ex-wife threw herself at me, her arms wrapping around my neck. She planted her mouth on mine and thrust her tongue into my mouth. She kissed me with wild passion. This was nothing at all like the Patti I remembered.

She made out with me with such passion. Her lips worked on mine. I groaned as I made out with her. She was mine again. Just like Jennifer, my first bitch of an ex-wife that was bouncing beside us and clapping her hands in joy.

I was making my ex-wives into my bimbo-sluts. Turning them into airhead whores who were more than happy to do whatever I wanted. Who would be mine. I even had made Jennifer into my Ex-Wife Bimbo, a special type of bimbo because she had left me.

I would do the same to Patti and to my third ex-wife, Courtney the stripper.

Hey, honey, who is it? asked Shaun, the new husband.

Patti kept kissing me. Her lips were so soft and tasty on mine. She kissed me with passion. I groaned at how wanton she was. How eager she was to kiss me. She wiggled against me, her lusts burning through me.

Once, I thought she would make a great mom for Barbie, my daughter with Jennifer. 

But Patti wanted to have her own children. When she divorced me, she had Shaun waiting to ask her out on dates. They were married so fast. It was disgusting how fast her coworker had become her husband. It was suspicious how quickly they had fallen into their relationship.

Patti! Shaun asked again. Who is it?

Patti broke the kiss and squealed, It's my exy-husband! He's come over all strong and muscly and makes my pussy all wet.

What? Shaun gasped in shock.

I heard the recliner close as the phone in my hand vibrated and beeped. I pulled away from Patti as Shaun appeared in the doorway, shocked to see his wife pressed against me. I glanced down at the screen of my phone where the app flashed the warning: JEALOUS HUSBAND APPROACHING.

The App wanted me to spend 20 Bimbo Crystals to make Shaun into a cuckold. Like I was going to do that. I didn't have twenty to spend. Besides, he was a little office putz. I worked construction. I didn't have anything to fear.

I kept one arm around Patti as I stepped into the house, Jennifer following. Shaun stared in hurt confusion as his wife clung to me. I had my hand on her ass. I turned off my phone and shoved it into my jeans pocket.

Bill? His forehead furrowed. What are you doing here?

I'm here to fuck your wife, I growled. So just sit your ass down and watch the show.

I... What? He shook his head. I won't do that! Fuck my wife! Patti?

Ooh, ooh, he's so strongy and all muscly and makes my pussy wussy so wettie and juicy and achy and I wanna have his big dickie in me! He has such a biggier dickie than you do! You have just a little bittle cock, but Bill. He's hung!

Yes! squealed Jennifer. Hungy like a... a... studly hubby! Yay!

Patti! gasped Shaun. He tried to swell up and square off.

You took my wife from me, pencil-dick! I growled. Probably fucked her behind my back before she even left me! So sit your ass down and watch me fuck her hard with my big cock before I take off my belt and whip you like the fucking bitch you are!

We didn't... Bill whimpered. Not until she... she served you the divorce papers. It was just flirting. That's all. Flirting.

Just flirty and getting him all buttery up to wanty me so he could give me babies! Patti said. But he didn't. I wanna have babies! Give me babies, Bill. With your big dickie fucking my juicy pussy!

I want babies, too, hunny! squealed Jennifer.

Fuck, I growled, staring at Patti. Hearing her say those words had my blood boiling. I suspected, but... You really were fucking flirting with him behind my back before you divorced me. Got your next guy lined up, you fucking tramp. You're as bad as Jennifer. 

I'm so baddie! Jennifer gasped. I did baddie things. But now I'm his goody slutty wifey again! Right, hubby!

You know what, before I fuck that slut-ass, Patti, I'm going to fucking punish you, I growled. I glanced at Shaun. Sit your bitch-ass down now!

He squeaked and darted for his chair. He sat down in it, gripping the armrests. His face paled. I bet Patti was already thinking of a replacement. They had been married, what, three years now. My third wife was a stripper I married on the rebound. It hadn't lasted long. 

This is insane, said Shaun. She picked me over you.

Because I wanna babies! Patti said, bouncing up and down. Bill was all meany and wouldn't give me one, but you... You would. But you didn't!

Probably got the next sucker lined up, huh? I growled, disgust burning in me. I had been married to Patti the longest. Over a decade. After I caught Jennifer cheating on me when Barbie was a baby, I had met Patti. My high school sweetheart turned out to be a whore, but I thought Patti was a good one. Fucking bend your skank-ass over the armrest of the couch, I growled. After you get naked!

Yes, yes, yes! squealed Patti. She ripped off her t-shirt. She had a gray sports bra underneath. She peeled that off next. Her big boobs bounced free.

Patti, Shaun groaned as he sat there on the couch. He stared at me. Glared at me. I chuckled at that, my dick throbbing in my jeans. God, I loved this App.

Fucking shame that little shit used it to turn my daughter Barbie into his whore. Maybe I should have kicked his ass, but... He gave me this App. He gave me a chance to get my ex-wives back and make them into my fucktoys.

Patti shoved off her sweatpants, her big boobs jiggling. They swayed back and forth, her brown hair falling around her face. She bent over and stepped out of her sweatpants, losing her slippers in the process. She had on a pair of gray cotton panties in a bikini cut. She peeled those off revealing a trimmed bush dripping in her cunt cream.

Yay, I'm all nakedy! she squealed, bouncing up and down.

Me, too! gasped Jennifer. My first bimbo-wife bounced up and down, her big, fake tits jiggling. She didn't have natural boobs like Patti. Jennifer bought them with my child-support payments. Her blonde hair swayed around her face, her shaved pussy dripping with my cum. I'm all nakedy, too! Yay!

Patti, bend that ass over the armrest of the couch, I growled, unbuckling my belt. You're as bad as Jennifer and... I glanced at my bimbo-wife, anger swelling through me. You, too, Jennifer. You're both bad wives that needed to be spanked. Bend over with her!

They both did. Not out of fear, but out of excitement. They rushed to the couch and bent over it. They thrust their rumps out at me. I groaned at the sight of them wiggling their hips. They had jiggling rumps, both of them so ready to be spanked.

This is going too far! Shaun gasped as he stood. Patti, you don't have to do this. I'll call the police. They'll arrest this

Shaun, you sit your bitch-ass down, I said, pulling my belt through the loops of my jeans. If you stand one more time, I'll make sure you're eating the rest of your meals through a straw!

He gasped and sank back down. Fucking pussy.

You need to understand, I continued, staring at the cuckold, that your wife's a bimbo-whore now. My bimbo-whore. I own her ass!

Ooh, ooh, he does! Patti said, her butt-cheeks clenching. I'm lovey it! I'm his bimboy-whorey slut now! He ownies me! Isn't that awesomey, dear! I get his biggie dick back in me! No more smally cock! Biggie dick!

Patti, croaked Shaun.

I stretched my belt between my hands and stared at those two asses. You both were bad. Jennifer and Patti, you both fucking cheated on me. You both were my wives, and cheated on me. Left me!

No, no, Jennifer said. That's not me now! I'm goody. I'm your wifey and I lovey you and suckie your dick and only want you to fuck my pussy!

Still, I growled, you have to be punished for cheating on me. For being a cunt all these years. And Patti...

I was so baddie, whimpered Patti. I did. I wanna babies and I got all scared and found a man I could control and make him do things and I went for him!

Patti, Shaun groaned. 

Some fucking loser, huh? I said, grinning. That's cold, Patti. You deserve to be whipped, right?

Yes! She wiggled her rump. I deservey it for being a baddie whore-wife bitch!

That was what I wanted to hear. I gripped the belt and swung it. 

CRACK! CRACK! 

The belt struck both their rumps. They both squeaked in pain as the belt left a red line that went from Jennifer's rump to Patti's butt. I grinned, my dick throbbing in my jeans at that.

Fucking cheating wives, I growled as I drew back the belt and swung again. 

CRACK! CRACK!

Nothing but fucking whores! The rage snarled out of me as the belt smacked down on their butt-cheeks again. 

CRACK! CRACK! 

That's what you two are! Sluts! 

CRACK! CRACK! 

But what are you now? I demanded, Shaun watching me whip his whore-wife with my bimbo-wife. You're my bimbos now! 

CRACK! CRACK!

I own these asses, right?

Yes, hunny! both of the bimbos squealed together, their asses striped with red welts that went from one slut to the other. They shuddered there, wiggling their rumps at me. 

CRACK! CRACK!

We're so baddie and deservey to be spanked! gasped Jennifer as she quivered there, her rump bright red. 

Yesy yes! Patti quivered there, looking over her shoulder. Tears beaded her eyes. So baddie to leave you and dump you and marry Shaun and his little cock when I could have your biggie dickie, hunny, and love it and fuck it and cum so muchy harder and feel so goody great! 

Patti, croaked her husband. He had more tears in his eyes than the bimbos. Fucking sissy putz.
Who owns your cunts? I growled. Your mouths! Your assholes! Who owns your fucking bodies? 

CRACK! CRACK!

YOU DO! both of my bimbos squealed together, the newest welt growing bright red across their asses. I loved the sight of them like that. I smiled, my cock aching.

I can't believe this, whimpered Shaun. He sniffled. What did you do to my wife?

I bimbofied her, I said, throwing the belt down. My gaze flicked to Jennifer and the cum that leaked out of her shaved pussy. She had all that jizz I pumped into her cunt. Jennifer, go sit on the couch with your legs spread wide. Patti, kneel between her thighs and eat that creampie I left in her!

Okey-dokey! squealed Jennifer. She rose and darted around the side of the couch to sit her whipped ass on it. She spread her legs wide and showed off her shaved cunt dripping with jizz.

What's a creampie? asked Patti as she rose. Confusion crossed her face. I don't see any pie?

Her cunt, I growled. Eat my cum out of Jennifer's cunt! 

Ooooohhhhhh. She giggled. Okey-dokey! I lovey your cum and that sounds so naughty and hottie and yummy to eat your jizzies out of her pussy and lick her and lap at her and make her all cummy on my lips!

That's fucking right, I growled, smiling as I started unfastening my jeans. 

Patti darted by me to reach Jennifer. Her husband could only watch as Patti fell to her knees, her big boobs jiggling. Those natural titties jiggled way more than Jennifer's silicone-enhanced ones. Patti leaned over and didn't hesitate to bury her face into Jennifer's sloppy cunt. She licked.

Jennifer squealed. My bimbo-wife gasped, her fake tits quivering. She trembled there, her blonde hair swaying around her face. She groaned and arched her back, her eyes rolling back in her head. A big smile spread on Jennifer's lips as I shoved off my jeans and boxers.

Ooh, there's that biggie dick that's just the bestiest besty best! Jennifer squealed. She clapped her hands together before thrusting her arms over her head and wiggling her fingers. I lovey that biggie cock in my pussy!

Yes! moaned Patti, her voice muffled by sloppy cunt. I've missedy your dick so much, Bill! Ooh, ooh, I never should have left you. I was such a dummy slut!

Yep, I said as I dropped to my knees behind her. I grinned at her husband as he watched with humiliation at my big dick thrusting at his wife. Way bigger than yours, eh, pussy?

Shaun just whimpered.

I chuckled and nuzzled my cock into my ex-wife's bush. I slid through her curls and found the folds of her pussy. She was dripping wet. I nuzzled just the tip into her cunt, the heat soaking up my shaft. That felt incredible. I loved the feeling of her. I wanted to fuck into her pussy, but...

You never did let me fuck that tight ass of yours, Patti, I said, sliding my dick up her taint to her asshole. But I can fuck it now, right?

Of course! she moaned, squeezing her butt-cheeks around my dick My assyhole is all yours! Fuckedy away and pound me and make me all cummies!

I grinned at Shaun and thrust against his wife's asshole.

She moaned into my bimbo-wife's cunt. I groaned, savoring Patti's tight asshole stretching and stretching around my cock. I groaned at the thrill of sodomizing her while her husband watched. She whimpered as her anal ring widened more and more.

I loved it. I pushed hard, drilling against her backdoor until her asshole swallowed my cock. She moaned like such a wanton whore as I sank into her bowels. Jennifer watched, a huge smile on her lips. She nodded along, loving what she saw.

Fuck, I groaned as I sank to the hilt in Patti's velvety bowels. That's good. Damn, Shaun, this is a treat. But you're just a pussy, so you don't get to stick your cock in any of her holes.

Nopey! whimpered Patti. I want only biggie cocks now! Ooh, ooh, such a biggie and hugey and longey and thickie dickie in my buttyhole!

Yay! Jennifer squealed in delight. I'm so happy for you! Ooey, just so happy!

I gripped Patti's hips and drew back my cock. I loved the way that her bowels gripped my dick. She held me tight. I savored her anal sheath massaging my cock. I thrust back into her, my balls smacking into her taint. 

It was a pleasure to ass-fuck my ex. I grinned as I pumped away at her asshole, the bimbo-slut moaning like a whore as she licked my cum out of Jennifer's twat. I buried into Patti again and again, reveling in her tight bowels.

Jennifer trembled on the couch. She whimpered as she humped her sloppy cunt into Patti's face. My bimbo-wife moaned as my ex-wife devoured her twat. I loved it as I pumped away at Patti's asshole. I slammed to the hilt in her over and over again.

Yes, yes, fucky her assyhole, hunny! moaned Jennifer. She's all moaning and groaning and licking and lapping and making my pussy feel so goody good! Ooh, ooh, she's licking so goody at me!

So much yummy cummies! groaned Patti as she squeezed her asshole around my thrusting dick. Ooh, ooh, and I lovey dovey being butt-fucked by your biggie dick, hunny! Oh, Bill! Yay!

Of course you do, I growled. You're my bimbo fucking whore now!

I am! She wiggled her hips, stirring her asshole around my cock. 

Her welted butt-cheeks jiggled as I ass-fucked her. I sodomized her tight bowels, loving the velvety friction melting around my dick. The pressure in my nuts grew and grew. I glanced over at her husband watching.

The pussy was rubbing at his jeans. God, had he gotten hard? That was pathetic. Just the saddest thing I had ever seen. He was getting off on me fucking his wife in the ass. I grinned as I slammed to the hilt in her bowels again and again.

Yes, I growled. That's fucking it, Patti! That ass... Damn, I should have fucked your ass all the time. Should have just thrown you down and fucked your tight ass whenever you whined about things!

Ooh, ooh, I would have lovedy and dovedy that! she moaned, her asshole gripping my dick.

Me, too! whimpered Jennifer, her head tossing and hands gripping her big, fake tits.

She shuddered on the couch while being eaten by Patti. I loved it. I slammed into my ex's tight asshole, her pathetic husband getting turned on by watching me sodomize his slut-wife. I hammered her hard and fast, gripping her hips.

Patti moaned like a fucking whore as I pumped away at his wife's tight bowels. I fucked her asshole hard and fast. I thrust to the hilt in her bowels again and again. I pounded her with force. It was an incredible rush to fuck her.

I loved every second of fucking her bowels. I loved that delight as I pounded her anal sheath. I fucked into her with such passion. It was an incredible delight to fuck her hard. I pounded her with passion. I loved every second of thrusting into her anal sheath.

Fuck, she moaned, her asshole clamping down on my dick. Oh, fuckety fuck fuck, that's so goody! I lovey your dickie fucking my buttyhole, Bill! 

Are you going to cum in front of that pathetic loser you married? I demanded, ramming into her anal sheath. Huh?

Gonna cummy so hardy on your biggie dick! She clamped down her asshole. Ooh, ooh, all while eating all of Jennifer's nummy cunny. She's got such a yummy pussy! Ooh, I lovey it so much!

Lovey my pussy! Jennifer moaned, kneading her silicone-enhanced tits. Yesy yes! I dovey that so much. You're gonna make me just bursty with bliss! I want that oh so muchy much!

Make her cum, Patti! I growled, slamming my cock into my ex-wife's asshole. 

I fucked her hard and fast. I thrust to the hilt in her anal sheath over and over again. She had such a wonderful asshole to fuck. Just such amazing bowels to hammer with my dick. I fucked her bowels hard and fast. I thrust into her anal sheath with all that I had.

She groaned, squeezing her asshole down on me. She gripped me with that wonderful flesh. I groaned, fucking into her bowels over and over again. I pounded her asshole with everything that I had. I plowed to the hilt in her.

She groaned, squeezing her bowels down on my cock. She held me tight as I thrust into her asshole. Her husband groped himself like a pathetic cuckold. I could see him out of the corner of my eye getting off on me ass-fucking his wife.

I knew I was.

My dick ached. The pressure at the tip hurtled toward that bursting point. Jennifer moaned louder, too. She quivered there, her gorgeous face twisting in delight. She was forty, like me. A sexy MILF. My bimbo-wife. I had her back.

She should have always been mine. Like Patti. I married them. I owned them.

Fuck, yes, I snarled. Let me feel that ass going wild around my dick, slut! Cum in front of your husband! Let him hear how much you love my dick.

I lovey it so muchy! she moaned, her bowels squeezing around my dick. Ooh, ooh, I'm gonna cummy so hard!

Me, three! whimpered Jennifer. Ooh, ooh, me three! Make me cummy, Patti! Make me cummy! I don't hate you any longer for marrying my Bill! No, no, I lovey you, too! Yes, yes, we're bimboy-sluts together! Yay!

She bucked as she came. Her head tossed back and forth, her blonde hair whipping around her. She dug her fingers into her big tits as she squealed in delight. Her head tossed as she gasped and moaned out in ecstasy.

Cummies! she squealed. Yay, I'm cummies so hard!

Ooh, ooh, pussy creamy juices! moaned Patti, her head moving around as she licked up that hot cream. I loved it as I fucked into her asshole. I buried deep and hard into her bowels. She groaned as I did that. Yay, yay, yay!

I loved how her asshole convulsed around my dick. Her bowels went wild around my thrusting cock. I groaned as Patti came from being ass-fucked. I glanced at her husband squeezing his dick through his jeans.

Your wife is fucking cumming hard! I growled, thrusting away at her asshole spasming around me. She's my whore, isn't she?

Y-yes, Bill, he whimpered.

Fuck, you're a pathetic little shit! I buried into his wife's asshole and erupted.

I pumped my cum into her anal sheath, grunting with each eruption. She whimpered, her bowels rippling around my cock. She suckled on me with that hungry asshole. I loved it. She moaned into Jennifer's cunt as her bowels nursed at me. 

I loved every second of dumping my cum into her bowels. Every last moment of flooding her with this heat. The pleasure shot through me. Stars burst across my vision. I groaned, savoring this heat sweeping through me.

Yay! squealed Patti, her anal sheath rippling around me. Cummies in my butt! So much cummies in my buttyhole!

That's so goody! whimpered Jennifer, her head tossing. Keep lickeding me. I love it!

So did I. The pleasure slammed through me as my ex-wife's asshole milked my dick. I grunted with each blast. I erupted over and over again, spurting my cum into her anal sheath. It was an incredible rush to flood her with that jizz. 

I fired the last of my load into her asshole. I loved that sensation of her anal sheath spasming around me as I emptied the last of my cum into her bowels. A big smile spread on my lips. I felt so good right now. 

Just amazing.

Damn, I groaned as I pulled out of her asshole. Fuck, that's good. But you know what you have to do after I fuck you in the ass, Patti!

Ooh, ooh, I know! squealed Jennifer. She thrust her arm in the air like she was back in grade school wanting to answer the teacher's question. Her fake tits quivered. 

No, no, no, Patti said. She turned around, her face dripping in Jennifer's pussy cream. What do I have to do, Bill hunny! Please, please, tell me! What?

You have to suck my dick clean of your asshole, I said. You need to

Before I could even say another word, she grabbed my hips, opened her mouth, and swallowed my dirty dick. I groaned as she happily suckled her own ass off my cock. I groaned at her enthusiasm. She was having such a blast suckling on me. Her tongue danced around my cock.
I glanced at Shaun squeezing his little pecker through his jeans, his eyes so wide. Ever thought your wife would do that? I grinned as Patti suckled hard. Huh?

He shook his head.

I chuckled as I enjoyed his wife bobbing her lips up and down my cock. She suckled hard, polishing off the sour musk of my ass. Her sloppy blowjob was delicious. Her tongue danced around my shaft, buffing my dick clean. It was a rush.

Jennifer, I said, staring at my bimbo-wife. She was squirming there, hunger in her eyes. Would you ever touch that loser there?

No, no, the only man I want is you! She beamed at me. I'm your loyal and lovey and dovey bimbo-wife! I only want your cock and your cum and all the pussies that you let me eat and lick and lap at and enjoy!

How about you lick my cum out of Patti's asshole, I said.

Such joy burst across Jennifer's face. She squealed in wordless delight and slipped off the couch. In moments, she parted Patti's welted butt-cheeks. Smacking her lips, Jennifer buried her face into the crack before her and started rimming. She licked and lapped, gathering my cum spilling out of Patti.

I loved it. My ex sucked even harder on my cock. She moaned, her hazel eyes staring up at me with such hunger in them. They were such a delight to witness. I loved it as she suckled at me. She nursed with such passion on my dick.

It was fantastic to have her suckling on me like that. I loved every second of her nursing on me with such hunger. She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my dick with all that passion. She was fantastic.

That's it, I groaned, savoring Patti buffing my dick clean. Damn, Shaun, your wife is such a kinky fucking whore.

Yes, he groaned.

That's it, you bimbo-slut, suck my dick clean!

She moaned around my cock, her tongue dancing about it. I shuddered at the sweep of her tongue and the suction she created. Her cheeks hollowed while she made such sloppy sounds. She slurped on my cock as she blew me.

Jennifer moaned, happily licking my cum out of Patti's asshole. Jennifer's blue eyes stared up at me as she tongued that tight asshole. She licked around back there. It was hot to see her feasting like a whore back there.

So goody, whimpered Jennifer. Soury ass and salty cummies. Yummy!

Patti moaned around my dick as Jennifer kept licking. 

Fuck, I groaned, savoring Patti's lips bobbing up and down my shaft. You're going to make me cum soon.

She moaned in delight around my dick. She suckled so hard on me. I loved her doing that. I savored her tongue buffing my dick clean. She swirled around my tip. I gripped the side of her head, my fingers running through her brown hair.

I mouth-fucked her. 

I pumped away at my ex's mouth, loving her sucking and slurping on me. I drove my cock to the back of her throat again and again. I thrust deep and hard, brushing her tonsils before pulling back. She suckled hard, her lips sealed about my dick.

The suction was incredible. I groaned, my face contorting with the delight of this moment. She nursed on me with passion. I groaned, rising toward that moment of erupting. I would spurt all my cum into her mouth.

Shit, I groaned. Oh, shit, that's good. Just keep sucking like that.

She moaned around my cock. She nursed on me with hunger. I groaned, loving the feel of her sliding that wonderful tongue around my dick. I shuddered, savoring that twitching. That throbbing. I gripped the side of her head.

I fucked her mouth harder. Faster. She slurped on my cock plunging in and out of her mouth. The pressure in my nuts hurtled toward that bursting point. I loved how she worshiped me in front of her simpering husband.

God, he was pulling his dick out. 

Pathetic.

Fuck! I groaned as I fucked her mouth. Her husband jerked off now to me pounding her. He whimpered as he did, his cheeks read. You fucking whore! I'm going to cum in your mouth!

She moaned around my cock and suckled so hard.

You want my fucking cum! I snarled. Not that loser husband you married. You want mine!

She nodded as she squealed. Her suction drew on my nuts. I groaned as I fucked to the back of her throat and erupted. The pleasure slammed through my body as I flooded her mouth with my jizz. She gulped it down.

Fuck, fuck, fuck I groaned as I pumped blast after blast of my cum into her mouth.

She suckled on my dick. She gulped down all my cum. I loved the way she nursed on me. The pleasure rushed through me. It was a fantastic pleasure to have all that rapture surging through me. My eyes rolled back in my head.

Goddamn, I groaned. Goddamn, that's good. That's just amazing.

The hot mouth sucking on my cock moaned in agreement. She nursed on me hard. She suckled with all the force that she had. I loved it. A big grin split my lips at her hot mouth worshiping me as I pumped more and more of my cum into her mouth.

Drink it all down, slut! I snarled as I erupted again and again.

Drink it, slutty whore! cooed Jennifer. She lifted her face and licked her lips. Ooh, ooh, pump her full of your spunky jizz!

I grunted as Patti suckled on my cock. She nursed out all that cum in me. I felt so good as I pumped all that jizz into her mouth. A big smile spread on my lips as I dumped the last of my cum into her mouth.

Fuck, I breathed. You are such a slut, Patti!

She ripped her mouth off my cock and whimpered, Your slutty bimbo-slut!

Geez, her husband groaned. His chair creaked.

I glanced at him and ripped my gaze away. I didn't need to see the pathetic cuck spurting cum. He got off on his wife being my whore. That was just sad. I shook my head as I stared down at Patti. She grinned up at me. 

She was eager for more.

I grinned as her husband panted. I thought about what to do next. How I wanted to enjoy her. I bent down and picked up my phone. I saw that she had gone about two-thirds of the way to Level 1 while Jennifer was hardly more than a quarter of the way to Level 2. I had no Bimbo Crystals.

What a scam to charge 20 crystals to make a husband into a cuckold. That loser already was one.

Fuck, Shaun, I said as he panted on his couch, you ever jerked off thinking about Patti fucking other men.

I... He swallowed, his cheeks red. Yes.

Ooh, ooh, me, too! Patti said. Like Bill and Jerry and

Jerry from work? gasped Shaun. He looked so dejected at that. My boss?

Mmm, Patti purred. I bet he's as hungry as Bill. She grabbed my cock and rubbed my wet tip into her cheeks, smearing precum and spitting in a wet trail across her face. Just so thick and large. She kissed the tip. Just so wondermous.

I only want Bill's dickie! said Jennifer. She smacked her lips then ducked her head down and started rimming Patti again.

My ex-wife moaned, her hazel eyes rolling back in her head. Her tongue is all wiggle diggle in my buttyhole!

Fuck, I breathed. You like that?

Uh-huh. She quivered there, smearing my tip across her left cheek up to her temple. She wiped me across her forehead. It's all dancing and squirming and doing a jiggle in my buttyhole. Ooh, ooh, Jennifer! You're such a skanky ho-bag slutty whore!

I am! Jennifer squealed, ripping her face from between my ex-wife's butt-crack. Ooh, ooh, I'm Bill's skanky ho-bag slutty whore wife! She smiled at me with such eagerness. Righty?

Oh, yeah, I said. I stared down at Patti, her face smeared in my precum. Fuck, I want that pussy on my dick. I want you working that cunt up and down my cock. I want you to ride me like a slutty cowgirl on a bronco!

Broncos have biggie dicks! gasped Patti, her eyes widening in awe. Like you, Bill hunny!
That's fucking right, I said and sank to the floor. I stretched out on my back. Now come ride my big dick, slut!

The bimbo squealed in delight and straddled me. Her husband groaned and stood. His pants fell around his ankles. His little dick was hard again. Boy, did he have a small pecker? What was that, barely more than four inches?

I couldn't believe Patti left me for some little prick just to have kids. She regretted it. She gripped my dick, this look of lust in her face. She straddled me and rubbed the tip into her trimmed bush. She smeared it into her flesh.

I missedy this dickie oh so muchy much! she squealed and impaled her cunt down my dick. She took me to the hilt, her big boobs bouncing and heaving. They smacked together as I groaned, enjoying every inch of her cunt. Yaaaaaaay! Ooh, ooh, Shaun, I have his biggie dick back in my pussy! Isn't that wondermous!

Yeah, croaked her cuckold as he stumbled toward us, his hand stroking up and down his little cock. That's wondermm... wonderful, honey.

I shook my head as that little peckerhead came closer. He stared at his wife impaled on my big dick. Patti's hot and juicy cunt squeezed down around my cock. She squirmed on me, her twat squeezing down on me. Damn, she felt good on me. 
So fucking good.

I loved having her hot cunt around my dick again. She was mine once more. Just the way it was supposed to be. I felt great. I loved having her twat impaled down my cock especially with her pathetic husband watching on.

Oh, Shauny, cooed his wife. I can suck your little dickie. It's just the perfectest size for my mouth. I don't have to struggle to swallow it like with Bill's big cock! Her cunt clenched down around my dick. 

Oh, would you, honey? asked Shaun.

Fuck, no! I said. You thrust that cock at your wife's lips, I'll beat your bitch-ass. Go back and sit on your cuck-throne, jackass!

He gasped and darted away.

No, no, I wanted to sucky on your dickie! whimpered Patti. I wanna have cocks in all my holes and feel so goody good!

She wasn't like Jennifer. But she would be. When I had Patti leveled up, I would make her an Ex-Bimbo Wife, too. Then she would be my wife again and would want no other man but me. Until then, I had to be careful with her.

Luckily, Shaun was such a chickenshit, he didn't have the spine to fight for his woman. He just let me do what I wanted to her. Which I loved. He sat on the couch and stroked his cock again, his wife squirming on my dick.

Ride me, bitch, I growled. Ride me with that hot cunt!

She glanced down at me and grinned. 

She squeezed her twat around my dick and slid back up me. I groaned as she did that. She had such a hot snatch. Just a perfect delight to feel around my cock. I shuddered, savoring her hot flesh climbing up me once again.

I stared at those big boobs of hers. Big, soft, natural tits. She plunged back down my cock. Her tits heaved. They slapped together, rippling with the impact. It was so hot to watch. I loved the sight. I grinned as she worked her hips from side to side.

Ooh, ooh, I lovey this so much! she said. Big dickie in my pussy! Ooh, ooh, Shauny, I have a big dickie in my pussy and it's makey me feel all goody goody juicy!

That's great, honey, her husband panted as he stroked up and down his cock. 

He watched her with hot eyes, staring at his wife enjoying my bigger cock. She worked up and down me. I groaned, savoring the way her cunt gripped my dick. She held me tight. That was such an exciting moment to enjoy. I loved every moment of her gripping me like that. She held me tight with her hot cunt.

I savored her working her pussy up and down my dick. She massaged me with at that delicious snatch. She drove me wild with it. I groaned, enjoying every last second of her cunt around my cock. She held me tight.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned, savoring her snatch around my cock. Work that twat. I want to flood you with cum.

Floody her with all your cummies! squealed my bimbo-wife. Jennifer clapped as she bounced on her knees. Ooh, ooh, just pump her full then she'll be dripping wet and that'll be super duper awesomey!

Yes, it will be, I groaned. Damn, work that cunt. Just slide that pussy up and down my cock.

She squealed in delight as she did. She plunged her pussy down my dick. I savored her hot snatch around my cock. It was amazing. She brought me closer and closer to erupting in her. I would just spurt all my cum into her snatch. 

I would flood her with every drop of my spunk. Fill her womb with my seed. That was what she wanted, right? My jizz flooding her cunt. She gripped my cock with her cunt, working up and down me, swelling the ache at the tip.

Fuck, her husband breathed.

You're such a pathetic, little shit, I growled. Just jerking your cock off as your wife rides my dick!

Pathetic! gasped Patti, her boobs heaving over my head.

I... I know, whimpered the cuckold. The slapping rhythm of his masturbation grew faster. 

I shook my head at how pathetic that was as I watched those big boobs bouncing and heaving above my head. Patti had such gorgeous boobs. I loved them. I gripped her hips as she rode me, her twat massaging the tip of my cock.

She smiled down at me, such empty-headed joy in her eyes. She was so happy now. There was nothing else but the unbridled joy she took in riding me. She squeezed her cunt around my dick, massaging my cock with her hot snatch.

Goddamn, I'm going to flood you with my seed, I growled. You want that, don't you?

Oh, so muchy much! She plunged her cunt down my cock, her hot twat soaking my dick in her juices. I want all your cutie swimmers gushing into my naughty pussy and filling me up and finding my little egg and making a baby!

Fuck, breathed her husband. Cum in my wife.

And cum in my mouth! whimpered Patti. She stared at her husband as she worked her cunt up and down my cock. Why won't you give me all your cummies? You're gonna waste them. I want them!

I'm... too pathetic to, he groaned, his wife working up and down my cock with her hot twat. 

That's right, I growled. You don't need his cum. You got mine!

I do! She squeezed her cunt around my cock. I'm gonna cummy so hard on your dick. I want that so much!

Her husband fisted his prick as Patti worked up and down my cock. My ex rode my dick with passion, her big boobs bouncing over me. I loved that sight as her hot twat massaged my pole. The ache grew at the tip. The need to erupt swelled faster.

Fuck! groaned the pathetic cuckold.

No, no, I wanted to drink your cum! Patti moaned. That's so meany that you jerkied off. Just so meany!

Sorry! he groaned as he spurted his jizz.

I didn't care. Patti worked her cunt up and down my dick, bringing me closer and closer to cumming. She had such a tight snatch. She gripped my dick with her twat. The silky massage tightened my nuts. I groaned, gripping her hips. Her big big boobs jiggled.

She grabbed them, her wedding ring gleaming on her right hand. The one he gave her. She squeezed her tits as she worked her twat up and down my dick. She whimpered as she plunged all the way down my cock. She took me to the hilt.

Her pussy went wild. My ex-wife came on my dick.

Yes, yes, yippee, yes! she howled, her pussy going wild around my cock. Cummy in me, Bill! Please, please, cummy in me!

Fuck, yes! I growled as her cunt suckled at my dick. Shit!

I erupted into her cunt.

I spurted blast after blast of my jizz into her snatch, savoring her flesh rippling around my cock. She suckled at me. That felt incredible. I loved every second of her cunt writhing around my spurting shaft. I grunted, the pleasure slamming through me.

Yay! Jennifer clapped as I pumped my cum into Patti's snatch. Go, hunny, go!

So many cummies! Patti squealed as I filled her up with my seed. I basted her pussy. 

Her womb. 

I flooded her cunt with spurt after spurt of my cum. I groaned, flooding her with all that wonderful jizz it was such an incredible rush to pump my cum into her over and over again. My face twisted with delight as more of my jizz splashed against her cervix.

Shaun groaned as I pumped his wife's cunt full of my seed. I filled her to the brim with all my spunk. It was just such a rush to flood her. I shuddered, the pleasure sweeping through me. I hit that peak of bliss.

Fuck, I groaned, reaching for my phone lying on my jeans. Fuck, you are such a slut, Patti!

I am! she squealed, bouncing up and down my dick. Oh, Shaun, you were so meany for not cumming in my mouth, but I'll still suck you off!

You will? her husband asked as I opened the App. Yep, the slut had hit Level 1. You'll do it right now!

Okey-dokey! she moaned as she rose off my cock. She started to crawl toward him as I clicked on her profile and selected to make her into my Ex-Bimbo Wife. She froze and shook her head. Wait, wait, suck your dick?

Yeah, he said. Come on, honey, please.

Eww, I only suck my hubby's dick! She turned around and nuzzled her face into my wet dick. I noticed her left hand had the wedding ring I gave her now. Not that prick's.

What? asked Shaun.

I smiled and checked to see what it would cost me to make Courtney into a bimbo. It would take 9 Bimbo Crystals. I currently had 0. I opened the screen to purchase

Holy fuck, I breathed at the costs. I stood, pulling my dick from my bimbo-wife's face. I glanced at Shaun who stared on in shock. Get me your credit card right the fuck now!

What? Shaun asked, glancing up at me.

NOW!

The fucker ripped his wallet out and threw it at me. I had no extra money. I had spent it all on fucking my daughter in the hotel room. I opened the wallet and found his credit card. I typed in the number and the three-digit code on the back and bought myself 10 crystals. 

$475 for ten. It was fucking criminal, but I wasn't the one paying. God, no wonder that little fucker who had my daughter was whoring her out. This shit got expensive fast. I shoved my phone and Shaun's credit card into my jeans. I pulled those on.

Let's go, sluts, I said. Got to get to the Lucky Bunny Gentleman's Club. That whore will be taking the stage soon.

Yes, hunny! both my bimbo-wives said. They grabbed my arms and held me. 

As I headed to the door, Shaun gasped, Where are you taking my wife?

She's my wife, I said. I'll send you divorce papers.

Grinning, I stepped outside with my two bimbo-wives. One more to go. Courtney was barely older than my daughter, but I made the mistake of marrying the tart. That meant she was mine. And no wife of mine would shake her ass on stage for other men.

To be continued...
