	Kyle stood up in bed, his white briefs clinging tightly to his backside so that the indentations of each cheek showed through.  He stretched and ran his hands down his broad chest.
	"Up so soon?" Chris asked from his position under the covers.
	"Yeah, I wanna get breakfast," Kyle replied, and stepped off the bed and left the room.  Chris watched his undressed figure as it departed and sighed.  He sat up and followed Kyle, who was making Corn Flakes in the kitchen.  Kyle and Chris had been friends for a fairly long time, since they'd both been in primary school, and their differences were still as apparent as they ever had been.  Kyle rose early and ate, Chris slept until lunchtime.  Today though, Chris decided to make Kyle happy by following him out.
	Another bowl of flakes was made ready and Chris and Kyle both ate at the table quietly.  After Chris decided the sound of crunching breakfast cereal had filled the air long enough he decided to make conversation.
	"Did you sleep well?" he asked.
	"Yeah, after last night I was pretty tired."  Chris smirked.  
	"It was just what we needed." Chris wiped sweat from his shoulders with both hands and decided, after finishing his breakfast quickly, that it was time to shower.  It was in the middle of summer and he was sweating like a pig.  Once in the bathroom he peeled off his brightly coloured briefs and stepped under a lukewarm spray.  He rubbed water under his armpits and over his abdomen, and soon felt an erection cooking.  His penis stood up and he absently brushed a hand over it, sending shockwaves through his body.  The need to masturbate grew strong so he filled his palm with shampoo and ran his hand up and down his short stumpy member.  He masturbated slowly at first but soon temptation took him and he stroked harder and faster until finally he felt the thick white liquid ooze over his hands and turned to wash it away.  His erection quickly died  and he resumed washing.
	When a few minutes had passed Chris was slightly startled to hear the bathroom door opening and see Kyle's muscular figure entering.  He opened the shower door and asked,  "Room for one more?", while pulling his white Calvin briefs off with one hand.  The elastic wasteband caught on his hard rod and it bounced up like a springboard.  Chris giggled and said, "Come aboard."
	Kyle stepped into the shower, which had been one of the main points of interest to Kyle when he bought the flat they were now in.  He wanted a shower large enough for two.
	Chris began soaping up Kyle's smooth tanned body until white foam appeared, and wrapped both arms around Kyle and felt his round buttocks.  He cupped both and kneaded the flesh in the palms off his hand before retreating.  It was enough to make him hard again.  Soap in hand, Kyle worked up a lather on Chris's member, and gently stroked it and teased it until it pointed straight up.  Chris moaned.  In one long deliberate motion Kyle ran his tongue up the head of Chris's penis so that it kicked against him from arousal.  He did the same thing twice more.  Chris, being of relative sexual inexperience, almost came a second time from this, but Kyle knew what he was doing.  Soon Chris's cock was in Kyle's mouth.  Kyle played with it a bit, wrapping his tongue around the shaft and unwrapping it, until he released it from his mouth and stood up.  Now it was Chris's oppurtunity to return the favour, which he did quickly, hardly able to wait.  Kyle's member was considerably longer and wider than Chris's, and Chris had a hard time wrapping his tongue around and getting a sizeable portion into his mouth.  He eventually managed and heard several moans coming from his partner above.  After they had done sucking each other, both men wrapped their arms around eachother and held each other close, massaging areas of arousal until both their hands found each other's penises and they began to stroke gently.  It was more than Chris could take as he ejaculated and rubbed the semen across Kyle's cheek, who was leaning his head back in pleasure.  When he eventually came it was clear he'd built up a real head of steam, as rivulets of fluid cascaded down his still-hard cock.  The fluid was liberally spread across Chris's chest, and then washed off in the shower's spray.