Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Twenty-Eight: The Queen's Naughty Training
Summary: FF MF fdom BDSM bond spank SM oral wife exhib voy cuck
Keywords: Lasla is tempted once more by Queen Athirmi while Kurtis meets with the rebels.

Copyright: 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Kurtis  Azkobez Hold, The Otsal Mountains

My mother, I groaned, the fog falling off my mind. I sat up and saw that the woman who was speaking to me was short. The height of a halfling, but her skin coloring wasn't one of them.

I had found the royal alchemist, the gnome who had been taken by the rebels. Ufexis.

The woman I was with, I said. That was my mother. She was wounded, too. Is she here?

You mean the sex slave. The gnome glanced over at the other bed. We could not remove her collar, but she's over in the other bed. You must know, young man, that sex salves are forbidden in Azkobez Hold and in the dominion of the Dwarven-Cuckoo Alliance. Slavery is an institution that has been outlawed.

Good, I said, rubbing at my side. I was shot with an arrow.

And mended thanks to my brilliance, Ufexis said. The slave hunters almost got you, but we drove them off. Sadly, they managed to hit you with their drugged arrows. But no vitals were hit. You and your mother are fine. You've been asleep not even a day.

I rubbed at the back of my neck. The first step was done. It seemed the hardest, but getting Ufexis out of here and back to Queen Athirmi would be that. I rolled my shoulders and then stood up, the sheets falling off me.

The gnome stiffed disdainfully. She was a hermaphrodite and would have little interest in a male like me. I felt lust in her but I was all for my mother. Gnomes had their cocks most of the time, only losing them for three days a month when they were fertile and ready to be bred. Odds were, Ufexis had a cock of her own.

I padded to the bed my mother lay on and sank beside her. I stroked her forehead. Her eyes flicked open. Kurtis...

You're safe, Mother, I told her. I stroked my fingers down to her cheek. She smiled at that, her lips pursing bright. They healed you?

I feel fine, she said. It worked.

Are you truly his mother, madam? asked Ufexis. You don't look nearly old enough to have a son his age.

I'm a demigoddess, my mother said, using the same lie we had with Queen Athirmi's advisers. A daughter of Henta and a human woman. The Goddess of the Hunt was, well, hunting and found my mother instead of her dear.

Well, don't you worry, said the gnome, giving me a hard look. The effects of the toxins are wearing off and my healing compounds will burn it off. But rest. Both of you. So back to your bed.

I have to speak with whoever is in charge, I said.

Yes, yes, the High Command will want to speak with you tomorrow. Lady Skuld will be eager to speak with you. So don't you worry. They've heard of you, Kurtis. If you prove an alley, you'll be quite popular, I'm sure. Now sleep.

I stumbled back to my bed and laid down. The moment my head hit the pillows, the lethargy fell on me. My mother was safe, we had a meeting with the High Command, and I had already found Ufexis. We were well underway to commit our insanity. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla  Ankush, Queendom of Naith

The next day, I was still thinking about that pegasus and his big dick fucking Queen Athirmi. That huge shaft stretched her pussy out while his magnificent wings had flapped. He drove his cock hard and fast into her pussy, whinnying his pleasure.

Having Pyrriah fuck me with the big, golden dildo had been nice, but it wasn't the same as a real cock. Kurtis had an amazing dick, but he had been gone for days, and it would be even longer before he returned on his mission.

And he <em>would</em> return.

Breakfast came and went. It was good food, if simple. Flatbread with a chickpea paste to dip it in along with a bowl of figs. The rakshasa sighed, wanting meat, but I found it to be a delicious treat. I ate it down and sucked on my fingers clean.

It was maybe an hour later when the same dwarf that escorted me yesterday to the aerie arrived. He opened the gate. I knew without having to look that he was here for me. Queen Athirmi promised me a surprise today. 

I rose and followed him out, giving Pyrriah a reassuring smile.

My sister looked worried. She sensed something had affected me. If she knew the desires that were dancing through my head, she wouldn't be happy. It sometimes seemed that I had more of our father in me than she did. More of Las's lusts coursed through my veins. Like it did through Kurtis's veins. 

Pyrriah was different. There was a puzzle about her powers. I'd almost say she wasn't Las's daughter save she had a face identical to mine and had shared a womb with Kurtis. No one else <em>could be</em> her father, and yet...

I sighed and marched down the tunnel after the dwarf. We went a different way than last time. I think. It was hard to say. Everything looked the same down here. The same gray walls. The same. Shape. All the doors identical. The dwarf knew where he was going. Somehow. 

We reached a cart on a track identical to the last one. Now I really was confused. Maybe we were heading the aerie, and I was just an idiot. I sank onto the cart. The dwarf, without a word, activated it. Then we were off, hurtling down the dark tunnel lit by regularly-spaced lights.

They whooshed by. It was scary at first as the lights rushed up, flashed, and then were gone. But soon I grew used to it. This cart seemed to be traveling down the tracks for longer and longer than last time. Then it burst out into the sunlight.

The day's warmth fell on me. It wasn't even noon, and I gasped at the heat. I had spent the last four days in the cool cells. I had forgotten just how warm it was on the surface. The cart stopped and I found myself in an army camp.

I knew this place. It was the same camp that Queen Athirmi had taken Kurtis and me before she sent him on the mission. The dwarf marched over to the pavilion. A line of brawny, naked men were lined up. They had the look of soldiers. So strong and powerful. I shuddered at the sight of them, my pussy clenching with lust. Though they weren't hard, they all had cocks.

I entered the pavilion and found Queen Athirmi being licked and lapped by her lamia slave. The queen shuddered, her lusts spilling through her. Another man was chained to a device shaped like an X, his arms and legs manacled to the ends, forcing him to be spread eagle. His back was to us.

Mmm, yes, yes, there you are, moaned the queen. Oh, Shadow, yes, yes, just like that.

I felt the queen's orgasm burst through her. she shuddered, her head throwing back. She fluttered her eyes as her pussy juices gushed out and flooded the mouth of her sex slave. The naughty lamia's black tail swished behind her.

The lamia was happy right now, her pussy juicy and eager to cum, but she found her satisfaction in pleasing her queen. Queen Athirmi shuddered through her orgasm and then she hit the peak of her rapture. She panted as she sat on her chair, her big breasts rising and falling.

Oh, Lasla, she purred. Shadow seemed to know to pull her head away so the queen could stand. I am so excited for this. She stalked not to me but a table covered in whips, flails, riding crops, and paddles. Come here, come here.

I swallowed and stalked over to her. She smiled at me, her eyes burning with delight. I stopped before her and swallowed my fear. I flared my lust, drawing on it to keep me from looking like prey. I was strong. A mistress. My pussy dripped juices.

She breathed in and smiled. So wet. Still missing your brother's cock.

Of course, I said. You didn't bring me here to... I glanced at the chained-up man.

Do you want to enjoy him? asked the queen. I can, of course, amuse myself as you amuse yourself.

My cheeks burned. No, no, that's okay. I have my sister and our sex slaves for that.

Of course, of course. The queen picked up a paddle. Have you ever used any of these items?

No, I said. We don't punish our slaves. We control them and they obey to make us happy. The threat of pain is not needed.

And when is anything that's pleasurable needed? Queen Athirmi smiled. You are the mistress of your brother's chattel. You should be versed in how to discipline them. Even if they haven't been naughty, it's a rush to spank or whip or flog them. It's a joy every mistress needs to know. Now, out of that dress.

I glanced at the bound man.

Don't be modest, she purred. You're not a modest girl. Strip. Let your body be free for all the world to see. You are gorgeous.

I couldn't disobey the queen. I had to keep her happy. We were at her mercy. I couldn't wait to sail away from Ankush and the Queendom of Naith. If I never returned, I would be happy. Even if there was an aerie full of huge dicks I wanted to fuck.

I slid out of my robes, my naked body coming into view. My nipples throbbed and my juices soaked my bush. I shuddered as she handed me the paddle. I glanced at the naked man with his muscular and oiled ass.

I know, purred Queen Athirmi, he is gorgeous. There is something so stirring about a muscular man shaved of body hair and covered in oil. It's just so invigorating, isn't it?

Yes, I breathed.

Makes you just want to do things to him, doesn't it?

I shot her a worried look.

You have that paddle, she cooed. Go over there and spank him.

What's his crime? I asked. What did he do to deserve being punished?

Why, being such a gorgeous and muscular soldier that I <em>just had to</em> punish him. Mmm, why spank an ugly man. Just execute him or throw him in the mines. But a hunk like that... Oh, yes, he deserves to be spanked just for that glorious ass of his.

I shuddered at the sentiment of the queen's words. They were gross. Foul. But I had no choice but to spank him. In fact, it was intriguing. There was something about that muscular ass that just begged me to apply the paddle with vigor on him.

I padded over, pussy cream soaking through my bush and running down my thighs. My boobs jiggled. I needed a cock in me so much. As I came close to him, advancing at a diagonal, I could see his cock thrusting out before him, the tip just in view.

He was hard. I could

No, no, no! 

I shoved those treacherous thoughts out of my mind and stood behind him, my heart beating so fast. I wasn't sure how to do it. Should I just slam the paddle down with all my force? Slap him lightly. Somewhere in between.

Queen Athirmi swept up to me. Mmm, spanking with a paddle is different from bare hand. It'll hurt him more, for one. And you can't do it as fast. You can rapidly drum your hand over an ass, spanking back and forth. But the paddle... It's for making that stinging smack. For making his entire rump blaze with your dominating passion. You want to draw back and slam in hard. Make him feel it.

Yes, Your Majesty, I groaned and drew back the paddle.

You want to make sure you land on his ass. If you hit too high up, you can injure him, and if you land on the back of his thighs, he'll really feel it. She smiled at me. If you're interested in making him really squeal, then that's the place you want to land it.

Okay, I said, a shiver running through me. My pussy clenched and juices spilled down my thighs. I was so wet.

I snapped the paddle forward. 

CRACK! 

The sound it made echoed through the pavilion. The brawny, brown-skinned Naithan grunted. His chains rattled while the muscles across his back, especially over his shoulder blades, rippled. A wash of heat rushed through me at that. My cunt clenched. I couldn't believe how satisfying that was.

Mmm, isn't that just wonderful? asked the rakshasa-queen. He felt that, didn't you?

Yes, Your Majesty, he groaned. 

Again, the queen purred. Draw back. Let him feel the anticipation. Watch his ass clenching and relaxing. You can see the redder band where you landed. You welted him. Very good. When you're ready. When your pussy can't stand that itch any longer, swing.

There <em>was</em> a naughty itch in my pussy. This thrill to spank him and hear him grunt. He was so strong. He could easily pick me up and tie me into a knot. I would be helpless against him. I wasn't Pyrriah or Kurtis. I had no way to fight. And yet he was the one powerless.

Despite all his brawn, he could do nothing to stop me from swinging.

The air swished. 

CRACK! 

The paddle slammed right on his. He groaned, his entire body shaking from the impact. His grunts echoed through the air. I loved this. My cunt was on fire. His butt-cheeks clenched. His brawny muscles rippled.

Gods, he growled, his arms shaking.

Queen Athirmi put her hand on my rump, squeezing my ass as I drew back again. I swung hard. I loved the whooshing sound. 

CRACK! 

My cunt clenched from the noise. I whimpered, my boobs jiggling. He growled, his entire body heaving against his restraints.

I drew back again, the queen's hand sliding down my rump. She reached between my thighs, crossing my taint, and finding my wet bush. Her fingers touched my hot pussy lips as I swung the paddle hard. 

CRACK! 

Gods damn! growled the man. His body shook from the pain. His head threw back. Illth's foul cum!

I shuddered, the queen rubbing at my cunt lips as I drew back again. I swung. 

CRACK! 

The chains raddled. 

CRACK! 

My pussy drank in the delight of the queen's fingers. 

CRACK! 

The man cried out, his body trembling. Those gorgeous muscles rippled. Sweat beaded on them. I wanted to lick them.

Queen Athirmi hugged me from behind, her round breasts pressing into my back. She nuzzled into my ear, Mmm, don't you just want to lick his muscles.

I almost said, Yes! I swallowed it and then croaked, No.

Her fingers thrust into my cunt for a moment. I gasped as she wiggled about in me. My toes curled in my sandals. She felt so good. Then she ripped them out, and I heard her sucking on her digits, cleaning off my juices.

You are such a liar, Lasla, the queen purred in amusement. Go grab one of the flails. I'll teach you to use it next.

I wasn't lying. But I didn't say it. I could control myself. I was in charge of my lusts. A master of them. I reached the table with the flails. There were thin straps and thick ones. I didn't know which one to grab, so I snagged the nearest one.

I turned, my pussy growing hotter as I strode back to her, my breasts bouncing. The rakshasa-queen licked her lips, her eyes smoldering. I hated the amused smile that grew. I kept my back straight as I stepped up before her.

No, she said. When flogging, you want to trick the shoulders and drag down diagonally across the back. And then hit the other shoulder on the next. You can get into a rhythm, forming an X pattern before you. Like the cross he is attached to.

Okay, I said and raised my arm and slapped it on his shoulder, the tails sort of dropping down his back.

Faster, she said. You want to strike and drag in one fluid motion. Not stopping when you hit.

I nodded and tried again, hitting his left shoulder and drawing down. It was a little better. I raised it, feeling so awkward, and smacked it on his right shoulder. He groaned at the thudding sound, those gorgeous muscles rippling as his arms strained.

Every time I swung, it grew easier and easier. My breasts bounced and jiggled as I smacked the flail down on his back. Right to left. Left to right. I formed an X on his back, his brown skin growing redder while he grunted and growled.

My pussy clenched. My traitorous juices spilled down my thighs while my hips wiggled. The stud I whipped was such a gorgeous man. So strong. He could pick me up and throw me down. Just ravish me with his hard cock thrusting out before him.

He <em>enjoyed</em> this. 

I could feel his lust rising. He wanted me. Craved to fuck me hard. To please me. I swallowed, swinging the flail with growing confidence. I swished I tin the air, the act of flogging him almost hypnotic. 

The world fell away. It was like it was just me and him.

I was the Mistress. He was the slave.

He had to obey me. If I ordered it, he had to fall to his knees and worship my cunt. Just press his mouth on my cunt and licked at my twat. I shuddered, the heat growing in me. It would be such a fantastic delight. He would ravish me. Just fuck me hard.

I shuddered, the heat swelling in me. I would have such a big burst of pleasure that would explode out of me. My hips wiggled from side to side, my heart beating fast. I licked my lips as I smacked over and over on him.

All I had to do was give the command.

He would eat me out. He would feast on my cunt. Then I would impale my cunt down his cock. He would grab my slender hips and work my pussy up and down his dick. His thick shaft would be like a dildo. A flesh dildo that filled me with his hot seed when he erupted.

I shook my head, my breasts bouncing and heaving. His back was red. I lowered my flail, panting. I had to stop this before I lost myself. A river of pussy juices had run down my thighs. Never in my life had I been so horny.

Because Kurtis would have satiated me by now.

Yes, yes, you have a skill, she said, holding a flogger in her own hand. Black with narrow tails. You can use this to defend yourself, too. Strike harder. With a flail that has bits of metal in it. A flogger that rips the skin.

I nodded, panting.

Now take note of your flogger. You have thick straps. Hit him.

I did. The dull thud of the tails slapping on his flesh sent a wave of heat rushing through my body.

Did you hear how it thudded on his back? she purred.

Yes, Your Majesty, I groaned, my pussy burning. I had to do something about this heat in me.

She drew back her own flogger and it hit with a stinging slap. It was a sharper sound. He grunted, and arched his back, his cock bouncing before him. His cock needed to be in a pussy. My pussy. I needed him

<em>Kurtis!</em>

Now, the thinner straps provide a sharper pain. You can't use it as long before you draw blood, and that means your slave has to recuperate. Queen Athirmi shook her head. Unless you want to draw blood, a Mistress never whips or flogs or spanks a slave to the point that they bleed. They are in control.

Yes, they are, I said, my back straight. <em>I</em> was in control right now. <em>Me!</em> I would not betray my brother. He was risking his life to get us access to what we needed. I would be just as strong as him.

Now we come to riding the slave, purred the queen.

I shot her a glance, my pussy clenching. I do not need any sexual satisfaction.

Oh, I don't mean riding his cock, she said. Unmanacle him and order him to kneel on his hands and knees. Ride him like you will a horse. Riding a man or a horse is much the same. It's all a demonstration of power. You must be in control to guide him.

I see, I said and reached up to unshackle him. My body pressed into his warm back. I shuddered at how brawny he was. My nipples burst with delight that shot down to my cunt. I clenched my teeth and freed his right hand. Slave, free yourself and kneel.

Queen Athirmi smiled and nodded. Fetch a riding crop.

I hurried over to the table, glad to be away from the brawny slave. I panted, my body on fire. I just had to master myself. I knew what game the queen played. I turned to find the queen lounging on her chair again, her lamia kneeling at her side. The slave was finishing taking off his leg manacles. Then he fell to his hands and knees.

I swallowed and marched to him, back straight. My pussy juices perfumed the air with my spicy musk. I breathed in my scent while I felt the soldier's lusts throbbing through him. He stared at me, his eyes so hot. He wanted my body, ached to please me. To thank me for the pain and pleasure I had given him.

A masochist who craved to worship me. 

I threw my leg over his back and settled myself on him. I gasped as my furry muff rubbed into his back. Pleasure shot through me. I trembled, squeezing at his side with my thighs. He held my weight with ease.

I had the riding crop in hand. I smacked him on the rump. Crawl, worm.

Yes, Mistress, he growled in that deep and husky voice.

The submissive words echoed in my mind. I had never heard them from such a deep and masculine source. It was exciting. His heat shot through me. My cunt clenched as I wanted to order him to do so much more.

As he crawled forward, his body rocked. I shuddered, feeling his strong muscles rippling beneath my flesh while my wet bush and hard clit pressed into his back. I swayed, my boobs bouncing as he crawled towards the wall. 

I smacked his rump on the left side, seeing if that would change his direction. It did. He obeyed me, heading left.

Very well done, Queen Athirmi purred. Yes, yes, you're understanding how to control a man.

Thank you, Your Majesty, I moaned and smacked him on the left side again.

He turned to the left, his rolling gait massaging my clit. I shuddered at the inadvertent pleasure rushing through me. The queen watched me, this wicked smile on her rakshasa's lips. Her hand idly stroked her lamia at the crown of her head, the catgirl's triangular ears twitching.

The queen's lusts grew and grew as she watched me smack the riding crop on his right or left asscheek, the stinging sound echoing through the room. I shuddered, my breasts bouncing and jiggling as I did this. I shuddered as he crawled forward, his body shifting beneath me.

This was so wild. I couldn't believe I was really doing this. My heart hammered in my chest. I licked my lips and rolled my shoulders. My pussy grew hotter and hotter, juices puddling on his back as I controlled him.

He would do whatever I commanded.

Guide him to me, purred the queen.

Yes, Your Majesty, I groaned and smacked him on the rump again, turning him left.

He crawled across the tent, his pleasure swelling in him. I could <em>feel</em> how hard his dick was. How much he needed to cum. How he craved to slide his cock into my pussy and fuck e with everything that he did.

Kurtis would never have to know.

I smacked him on the right asscheek as we came abreast of the queen. He turned and crawled to her spread-open thighs. Her pussy gaped open, surrounded by her black fur. She licked her lips and cupped her tits, clearly eager for the feast.

My slave crawled closer and closer. My pussy grew hotter and hotter. The scent of the queen's sweet aroma filled my nose as we reached the last few paces. Then the slave's face was almost buried in her cunt.

Stop! I commanded.

Now you know what command to give him, purred Queen Athirmi.

Feast! I ordered and smacked him hard on the ass twice. Two stinging smacks.

He grunted and then buried his face into Queen Athirmi's royal cunt. She gasped and shuddered as he devoured her. He licked her with such passion. Pleasure rippled through her body. I felt just how much she enjoyed what he did to her. He devoured with such passion. He gave her all the pleasure that she craved.

The pleasure he could be giving me.

The queen moaned and shuddered, her breasts bouncing. She squeezed her large, brown breasts, kneading them as he licked and devoured her. She shuddered against him, her head tossing from side to side.

That's it, she moaned. Oh, yes, yes, that's what I needed. Mmm, yes, yes, just feast upon me. Devour me with all your passion.

Do it! I hissed, so wanting to have that same bliss.

I could feel the orgasm building and building in the queen. He had skilled. This soldier knew how to please a woman's pussy. Queen Athirmi rose swiftly to her orgasm. She trembled, her breasts smacking together.

I ached to feel what she did. My cunt clenched. I squeezed my thighs around the soldier's brawny waist. I shuddered, my cunt soaking his back as my passion leaked out of me. My spicy musk filled my nose as the queen climbed and climbed towards rapture.

She threw back her head and gasped. Her pussy burst with ecstasy. The bliss flooded through her. She bucked and heaved. Her legs kicked and toes curled. Her moans of euphoria echoed through the pavilion.

Oh, Lasla, you have to try him out! she gasped. He's amazing. Oh, yes, yes, so submissive.

I bit my lip, fighting against my lust. <em>Kurtis! Kurtis! Kurtis!</em>

That's it! she gasped. Pater's big dick, that's wonderful. Ooh, yes, yes, you have made your queen so happy.

I fluttered my eyes and trembled on the slave's back. My heart pounded in my chest. My fingers scratched at his back as this lust swelled and swelled in me to be in her position. To experience it. This was too much for me to bear.

Mmm, would you like to sit on my throne while he pleasures you, Lasla? asked the Queen. It's very comfortable. He's so good at it.

I... I... <em>Just do it,</em> hissed my lusts. <em>Kurtis will never know. You're Las's daughter. You should be having sex with everyone you want.</em>

<em>But Kurtis!</em>

<em>You are your own woman. You're not his slave.</em>

<em>I'm his sister's wife!</em> Lasla shot the queen a hard look. I am in control of my lusts, Your Majesty. I shall await my reunion with my brother.

How admirable, the queen said, a big smile on her lips. Are you sure your brother would <em>actually</em> object to you owning this man here?

I thought he was a soldier, I gasped. A free man?

And if he wants to be your slave? purred Queen Athirmi. Would you turn him down? Would you refuse him what he craves?

I could feel that the man wanted to be my slave. I shuddered, my heart pounding. I swallowed, not sure what I should do. <em>Would</em> Kurtis be mad? Even jealous? I couldn't remember him ever expressing those emotions. He never warned Pyrriah and me from enjoying other men.

I ground my pussy on this stud. Gods, I needed to cum. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis  Azkobez Hold, The Otsal Mountains

Mother and I woke up the next morning to a breakfast of mushroom porridge. It was an earthy and spicy affair, hot and filling. I ate the cream of mushroom with relish, my stomach empty after the wild chase. Ufexis passed back and forth.

As they were finishing and we were dressed in gifted clothing, my mother's state of nudity was not acceptable it seemed, we rose. She wore a simple dress of some strange cloth that was light and covered her body. I wore pants made of some dense fiber and a shirt. I had never worn something that fit so tight before. On our island, I had worn a loincloth or gone naked. Since reaching civilization, I wore my robe.

We donned our shoes when a dwarf appeared. A burly male with an ax on his built and a thick beard of red. He grunted at us, High Command wants to see you.

I glanced at the Ufexis. Coming with us?

She winced. They don't trust me. Seem to think I'll try to escape back to Queen Athirmi and resume my old work. I'm sort of a prisoner in this lab. She grinned at me. Good luck, though. At least you weren't kidnapped here.

I nodded. Do you want to go back?

She hesitated, her eyes flicking to the dwarf. OF course not. I'm happy here.

I could feel the lie. That was something. She would be willing to go back. That made this easier, too. 

Mother fell in behind me as we followed the dwarf out of the room into a hallway made of smoothed stone. It was rounded and I was almost too tall to walk with my back straight. The dwarf went right his footsteps thudding. Metal jingled beneath the tunic he wore, his pants tucked into his heavy boots.

We were led through the corridors and then into a space that was much larger than I anticipated. Sunlight streamed through cracks in it. The room was the size of a small town, the cavern reaching far over our head. Mushrooms grew in the twilight, great ones that were like trees. They sprouted around the buildings. Regimented homes. In the air, birds flew. The cuckoos flying about as they willed. Some were even flying out through the cracks and into the mountains beyond.

There was a surprising number of humans here. They were moving about on the street with the dwarves and the cuckoos. They stood out with their pure-black skin and white hair while the humans were mostly Naithans. Many had scars on their wrists from shackles and the nervous look of men and women fearing the lash.

Runaway slaves.

We passed through a market square where merchants were selling goods to the people of the hold. It bustled like the three cities we had been in. An underground one, but still a city. It was alive with people. Everywhere I looked, I saw something new. Jewelry, tools, cutlery, cloth, food, even furniture. It was a lively place.

Past that, we came up to a large building that was built on a rise. It had columns holding up a roof over the porch. A grand entrance. The importance of this structure radiated out. It practically screamed its importance.

The dwarf led us inside. He still had not said a word. He went left, ignoring the staircase leading up, and took us to a stone door set on metal hinges. He wrapped on it, a dull booming. Then a voice called and he opened it.

Inside was a table with two figures sitting at it. One is a female dwarf, her face pale and gorgeous, her red hair gathered into a multitude of braids that fell around her face. She stares at you, a grin on her plump lips. Sitting beside her is a cuckoo. A male with the same pure-black skin as the others, his body slender and delicate. Along the wall are six more male cuckoos that are watching with interest. They are all wearing pants like I had on and lose shirts of linen.

Two seats are before the table. They motioned for us to sit. 

We did. 

You are brought before the High Council of the Dwarven-Cuckoo alliance, said the dwarf. I'm am Skuld, speaking on behalf of the dwarves. Kamadeva speaks on behalf of the cuckoos.

The cuckoo bowed. 

He is one of my seven husbands, said Skuld, making me think the other six cuckoos in the room were also her husband. I heard that dwarven females had multiple husbands, and I could believe it from the lusts in her eyes as she stared at me. 

She ached to fuck me.

You were found fleeing Queen Athirmi's most skilled and dangerous slave hunters, Skuld said. They pursued you into our territory and nearly succeeded in capturing you. We are curious, Kurtis, why you have fallen out of the queen's disfavor after you completed her Trials. She was most impressed with your talents.

Too impressed, I said, readying my story. She wanted to collar me. She kept promising that she would let me leave, but knew excuses kept being made. I had business to be about, so I tried to take my sisters, mother, and our lovers with me.

The slaves known as Nephi, Princess Naryu, Princess Lavhi, and Pradu. Skuld grimaced at that last one and Kamadeva folded his arms before his chest. 

They are not slaves, I said. They are lovers who serve me and my sisters well.

Like the slave at your side who you claim is your mother. Skuld glared at my mother. You wear his collar. We could not remove it.

I'm grateful, purred Mother. I wear my son's collar with pride. I accepted it. It is proof of my devotion to him. I am not a slave by force. I am a slave by choice. <em>His</em> slave. Queen Athirmi wanted to make slaves of my entire family. She has my daughters even now! And if she harms one hair on their heads, I will rip her apart limb by limb.

I put a cautioning hand on my mother's thigh through her skirt. We tried to take our leave, but things did not go well. My mother and I managed to escape, but my sisters were taken hostage. I did not have the strength to save them myself, so I fled to the only allies that I could find. Would they believe this lie? We were chased. It was all we could do to stay ahead of the centaurs. Even so, it nearly proved not enough.

You manage to evade the queen's most skilled slave hunters for days? Kamadeva asked. He was skeptical. How.

I am a demigoddess, my mother lied. Daughter of Henta and a human woman. My son and daughters have inherited much skill and strength. If we were normal humans, we would be unable to help you.

A flare of lust shot through Skuld.

And how can you help us? asked Kamadeva.

I can use my skill and charms to your cause, I said, smiling at Skuld. I stirred her lust, which simmered beneath the surface. She shuddered in the chair. And my sisters have their own skills. Lasla fashioned the collar about my mother's neck. That is why you cannot remove it or the chastity belt my mother wears. It is not of this world. We have skills, we just need your help in using them.

I have heard of your prowess, Skuld said, stepping onto the table. She wore a loose blouse and a skirt that hugged about her curvaceous hips. She was a short but busty woman. I would see the truth for myself.

I smiled. Of course. How would you like me to please you before your husbands? Pussy licking. Anal rimming. I can bugger you up the ass and frig your hot, little clit.

She grinned and ripped off her blouse and then tore down her skirt. She had big breasts that bounced and heaved. Her silky pussy dripped with her cream. It was a sight to behold. I breathed in her tangy musk.

She stepped up to the edge of the table, her pussy at eye level with me. She grabbed the back of my head and pulled me in. Her silky curls spilled over my lips. I kissed her pussy a moment later. I smooched at her married cunt.

Her husbands watched.

I licked at her cunt. She moaned and shuddered, her fingers gripping my hair. I could feel she was already on the verge of her orgasm. It wouldn't take much to set her off. Much to make her cum like that wicked slut she was.

I fluttered my tongue through her folds. I licked at her with such might. I caressed her. teased her. It was an amazing delight to enjoy. I licked and lapped at her, caressing her with everything that I had. She whimpered and moaned, her body trembling through her pleasure.

Yes, yes, yes, she gasped. Gods, you know how to eat cunt.

Mmm, my son is amazing, purred Mother.

Your pussy is delicious, Skuld, I groaned and flicked my tongue to her clit.

I licked and lapped at her I caressed her bud with my tongue. She groaned, her face tossing from side to side. She groaned, her features twisting in delight. Her body trembled, her boobs heaving above me as she rose to her orgasm.

I grabbed her ass, squeezing her butt, and nursed on her clit. I loved her bud. Her juices soaked my chin while her silky bush rubbed on my face. Her wonderful tits jiggled above me as she rose towards her orgasm.

Kurtis!

I gripped her ass and suckled hard on her clit. She gasped and threw back her head. Her pussy cream gushed out and bathed my mouth with her tangy delight. Her silky bush rubbed on my face as she trembled through her orgasm.

Krab's mighty instrument! she cried out as her pussy cream soaked my lips. She came fast. So full of lust. Fuck me! Take me!

I ripped my face from her pussy and groaned, Yes, ma'am!

She watched with hot eyes as I ripped off my shirt and then tore off these annoying pants. This was so much more work than my robe. My cock popped out and bobbed before me. My dick twitched and throbbed, aching to ram into her and fuck her hard.

She smiled and leaned back, her orgasm still rippling through her for a few more moments. She stared at my cock. Her lusts surged through her. I was bigger than her husbands'. I could feel her hunger for my cock. Just as I could feel all their eyes on me.

I grabbed her hips and thrust my dick into her cunt.

Her flesh rippled about me. She gasped, her orgasm just passing as I sank into her. I groaned at how hot and silky her pussy was. She felt amazing about my cock. I would fuck her so hard. Just pound her until she melted.

She had the height of a halfling but possessed a far, far more generous figure. I squeezed her bountiful breasts as I drew back my cock. Her pussy clung to me. She squeezed about me, a big smile on her lips. I grinned back at her and buried my cock to the hilt in her cunt.

Yes! she hissed. Gods, that is good.

Mmm, yes, yes, I moaned. That's wonderful. Yes, yes, squeeze that cunt around my cock. You love it.

So much! she moaned. Oh, Kurtis, the stories about you are true. Yes, yes, I see how you tamed two rakshasa-princesses with this dick. Oh, Gods, fuck me! Pound me!

I grinned, savoring her husbands watching as I fucked her hard. I pounded her cunt, my hands squeezing her bountiful breasts. Her hot flesh clenched about my cock, welling the ache at the tip. I would have such a huge orgasm. Just spurt all my cum into her snatch. It would be amazing.

Yes, yes, yes! I growled, drilling into her. Oh, that's good. That's incredible. Damn, your pussy is amazing. Las's big dick! 

I plunged into her hard and fast. I thrust to the hilt in her cunt, her pussy gripping me. It was wonderful to be in her. My balls smacked into her flesh full of the cum that I would fire into her pussy. I would breed her.

Gods, this cock! she moaned, leaning back. Her head tossed, her fiery braids dancing about her flesh. This cock is amazing. Oh, I'm going to cum hard on this dick. Krab's mighty instrument!

I want to feel that married pussy going wild on my dick! I growled. I want you to explode.

I will! She shuddered, her face contorting. Keep pounding me with this mighty dick, and I'll explode. Gods damn, you know how to fuck a dwarven woman.

My son keeps a harem of women happy, purred Mother. Of course he knows how to make a dwarven woman cum.

Skuld grinned at me. Yes, you will. Ooh, ram that big dick into me!

I fucked her with everything that I had. My balls smacked into her flesh as I felt her climax growing in her twat. She swelled toward that big burst of pleasure. Her pussy would convulse around me. I would fire blast after virile blast of cum into her snatch.

I would breed her before her husbands.

Her orgasm built and built, her pussy getting hotter around my cock. I squeezed her breasts as I fucked her. She moaned, her thighs clenching tight about me. My balls approached their boil, the ache at the tip of my dick about to burst.

I'm almost there! she groaned. 

Let me feel that cunt going wild! I growled. Las's big dick! I want to feel your pussy spasming around my dick.

Yes, yes, yes! she moaned, her eyes hot on mine. Just keep fucking me hard. Oh, yes, yes, just keep fucking me like that.

I buried into her, my dick throbbing. I pounded her as she trembled there. Her pussy clamped down on me. I squeezed her bountiful breasts as I fucked her short form. The busty dwarf moaned her delight.

Gods, yes! she squealed.

I slammed into Skuld's pussy. The dwarven woman gasped and came before her seven husbands. They watched her bucking and moaning, her pussy convulsing around my cock. Her snatch rippled and suckled at me.

I buried to the hilt in her. I groaned as I spurted blast after blast of my cum into her pussy. The pleasure rushed through me. I threw back my head, stars bursting across my vision. Her cunt rippled about me, nursing at me.

Las's big dick! I growled.

Yes, yes, Krab's mighty device! she moaned, her pussy suckling at me. Oh, Kurtis. Oh, yes, yes, such a stud!

I pumped my cum into her pussy and bred the dwarven leader of the Alliance. I shuddered, feeling that magical moment happening, cuckolding her seven husbands. The pleasure slammed into my mind. I trembled there, reveling in this bliss. 

Oh, Kurtis, she moaned. Mmm, that was wonderful.

I hope I proved myself, I groaned.

Oh, not yet. She smiled. You have fucked me, but my husbands... They need to be satiated. Let them have your mother. Let them gangbang her. Prove that you are able to make sacrifices to our alliance.

I swallowed and glanced at my mother. Let them fuck <em>my</em> mother? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pyrriah  Ankush, Queendom of Naith

<P.Lasla had been gone for an hour. I worried after her. I didn't like queen Athirmi coming around and taking my sister away. I didn't trust her. I hated that we were in this cage. I wanted to be with Kurtis so badly.

Nephi stiffened. Someone's coming. Not dwarves. She breathed in. Orc and troll.

Solja and Tharaka? I asked in shock, growing more nervous. My hair flickered with heat. I could feel the flames in me wanting to come out. Were they looking for revenge? Kurtis and I had defeated them in the arena. I had burned Tharaka. Trolls hated fire.

The swarthy figure of Solja appeared. She had her arms folded before her, her breastplate lifting her breast into two jiggling mounds. Her brother was half-bent over, too tall for the corridor. He crouched down, his woody form muscular and strong. He stared at me, no burns remaining on his body.

We have an offer for you, Pyrriah, Solja said. 

I swallowed. What sort of offer? 

To be continued...
