Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Bimbo App Chapter Twenty-Six: Bimbo Mother-In-Law Horny Needs
Summary: After proposing to Tina, he has an orgy with his pregnatn mom, her mom, his sister, and his new bimbo-fiancee!
Keywords: Ff mFf Fsolo mF mFF mc inc oral cremapie anal exhib voy MILF wife cuck

Copywrite 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my beta reader!

Eric Murphy

My tongue danced with Tina's.

My bimbo-girlfriend clung to me. She was my bimbo-fiancee now. I had proposed to her, and she had said yes. I was so happy for that. Her tongue danced in my mouth as my pregnant mom and my busty sister were both cheering.

Moooooo! Cherry moaned. You're gonna be my sistery-in-law! That makes us sisters! So we can do sistery things like eating pussy and sucking on titties and tribbdying and eating cunties and braiding hair!

My newbie daughter! Mom squealed. Yay! I have a newbie daughter!

Who's a newbie daughter? Mrs. Water as she emerged drying her brown hair off from the shower. Chloe was right behind her, the pair getting cleaned up from their gangbang this afternoon.

Tina is my newbie daughter! Mom said as I kept kissing my bimbo-fiance. Mom gasped like she just realized something profound. Tina's your daughtery cutie! You're her mommy!

I am her mommy! said Mrs. Waters. I birthyed her and nursyed her and loveyed her and now I eaty her pussy and kissy her boobies.

My biggie brother is marrying Tina! squealed Cherry again. Mooooo! I have a sistery now! A yummy sistery-in-law! Yay!

That means... Mrs. Waters's face screwed up as she was confronted with this large problem> She focused on it hard. That means... Eric will be my sonny-in-law. I'll have a sonny! A hunky son with a biggie dick to fuck me and love me and sell me to other men so I can cuckoldy my hubby and he'll be cuckoldy by his new sonny who has such a better dick than he does! I have to call him!

She darted to the cordless phone and picked it up. She stared at it with such puzzlement. I broke the kiss with Tina and said, Dial these numbers as I tell you to push them.

I told her the number for her own telephone. I still remembered it, surprisingly. I used to call it as a kid to ask Mrs. Waters's permission to play with Tina. Back when we'd just been good friends before all the problems in high school arose.

Honey bunny! Mrs. Waters said. Eric is gonna be our sonny!

Sonny? I heard Mr. Waters faintly say. He sounded confused. 

Our sonny-in-law! He's marrying our daughter and he's gonna be my son and fuck me and he has such a better cock than you and I just was gangbanged by so many guys.

Yeah, I was there, Molly, said Mr. Waters. Well, that's awesome. I'm so glad Eric's marrying my daughter.

I'm gladdy, too, Daddy! said Tina. The Lordy has answered all my prayers. I prayed so hardy to be his wife and his girlyfriend. I prayed and prayed so much that he'd stop being all pervy and unpopular so we could be friends again and... She trailed off. Pain flickered across her face. Why did we stop being friendsies?

Doesn't matter, I told her. Show your Mom the ring. You're going to be my wife, Tina. Mrs. Tina Murphy!

She squealed again and bounced up and down, her halo glowing brighter around her head. She was so thrilled by this. She darted to her mother and thrust out her ring. Mrs. Waters gasped and dropped the phone, of course. It hit the ground as she gushed.

Such a biggie ring, Mrs. Waters gushed. She threw her arms around her daughter's neck and kissed her.

Their naked bodies melted together. I loved the sight of their boobs pushing tight. It was hot seeing them like that. They were both making out with such passion. Their tongues danced together as they quivered with all their passion.

It was hot watching her make out with her mother. Their excitement was so real. Mom and Cherry were kissing now like they were feeling left out. Chloe Hart wore only her glasses, the petite porn star grinning from ear to ear.

Wedding! she squealed. I lovey playing a sexy bride in porny!

I should have her dress up like a bride and get gangbanged. That would be hot. Make some money. So was watching my bimbo-fiance making out with her mother. The light glowing around Tina's had was something special.

Then my bimbo-priestess dropped to her knees and bowed her head, which put her forehead against her mother's brown bush. Lordy, thank you for blesysing me with an engageyment ring and a fiance and a hot mommy! Ameny!

Amen, I muttered as Tina then started eating out her mother.

Mrs. Waters gasped, Yesy yes, thank you, Lordy!

Her big boobs jiggled as she swayed there. She moaned as her daughter feasted on her cunt. Tina devoured her mother, her face pressed into that brown bush. It was a hot sight. I was glad for it because my dick was hard.

I was throbbing here, just aching. I was ready to jump in on the fun. It was too hot a sight for me to stand by. Cherry was already feasting on Mom's pussy. It was easy enough for me to drop to my knees. My cock slapped into Tina's rump.

She thrust her hands behind her back. She wanted to be restrained. I blinked at the sight of a pair of fuzzy handcuffs lying on the floor within arm's reach. Had those always been there? They must have been. Probably dropped them.

I slapped them on Tina.

Mmm, thank you for answerying my prayers, Eric! moaned Tina as ratcheted the cuffs tight. I lovey you oh so muchy!

I love you, too, I said, smiling. 

I pressed my cock into her butt-crack, her fingers twitching. The chains of the cuffs rattled as she shifted. She feasted on her mother's cunt. Just lapped at her hard as I pushed my dick into her butt-crack. I found her anal ring and thrust hard.

She moaned as her anal ring widened and widened. She whimpered into her mother's pussy as I thrust hard against my bimbo-fiancee's anal ring. She squealed as I popped into her velvety bowels. I enjoyed being in her. It was magnificent sinking into her backdoor.

Oh, Eric's biggie dick in my buttyhole, moaned Tina.

I lovey Eric's dickie there! squealed Chloe Hart. The porn star turned around, bent over, and aimed her heart-shaped rump at me. She thrust her fingers into her crack and found her anal ring. She never did backdoor scenes as a porn star.

She did them now.

She thrust her digits into her asshole and started fingering her cunt. Her pussy lips quivered as her cunt cream spilled down her thighs. I loved the sight of the masturbating bimbo. She worked two of her fingers in and out of her asshole. She quivered there, looking like she was in heaven. It was a hot sight to see. I loved it as she squirmed there. It was a hot moment. 

I gripped Tina's hips, her bowels clenching about my dick. I drew back as she moaned. It was so hot. I thrust back into her bowels. She moaned as I did that. She squeezed her bowels around my cock. She massaged my dick with her wonderful flesh.

Ooh, ooh, fucky me! moaned Tina into her mother's pussy. Lordy, thank you for this biggie cock fuckying my buttyhole!

Thank you, Lordy! Mrs. Waters moaned, her head throwing back.

Her big boobs jiggled as Tina feasted on her. She licked and lapped at her with hunger. It was so hot to hear the MILF moaning as I ass-fucked her daughter. I fucked the bimbo-priestess hard. Her asshole clamped down around me as her hands pulled at her handcuffs.

I buried into her anal sheath with force. A butt-fucked my bimbo-fiancee hard and fast. I savored that wonderful pleasure. I thrust deep and hard into her asshole, savoring that wonderful delight. It was so amazing. I buried into her with force.

I loved it. I savored her anal sheath squeezing around me while I watched Chloe Hart masturbating with her own asshole. And pussy. Her other hand was between her thighs rubbing at her snatch. The sexy bimbo whimpered as she rubbed at herself.

Such a goody girl, whimpered Mom as Cherry devoured that pregnant snatch. 

Moooo! moaned my happy bimbo-sister.

Mom had such a heavily swollen baby. How much longer until she was giving birth? A day or so?

I buried deep and hard into Tina's asshole. She moaned into her mother's cunt. Mrs. Waters enjoyed it. A faint beeping came from the phone on the floor. The line had finally disconnected. I ignored it and kept fucking my bimbo-fiancee.

Mrs. Waters gripped the back of her daughter's head, holding her tight. Such delicious sounds came from the girl. I loved hearing them as I fucked Mrs. Waters fast and hard. I buried into her with everything that I had. 

I slammed deep. Hard. I buried to the hilt in her anal sheath. It was fantastic to slam into her. To pound her with such force. Such passion. She squeezed her bowels down around my cock. She held me tight with her tight asshole.

The pressure in my balls swelled as I thrust into her anal sheath with everything that I had. I slammed deep and hard into that tight asshole. My nuts slapped into her taint. I hammered her, loving the rattle of her handcuffs.

Ooh, ooh, Eric is loving my asshole so hardy, Mommy! Tina moaned. That's how much he loves me because he butty-fucks me so hardy and fasty and hardy!

Damn fucking straight! I growled, grabbing the handcuff chain. You're my bondage-loving, air-headed bimbo-priestess-fiancee. I fucking love you!

Ameny! she moaned and started suckling on her mother's pussy.

On the MILF's clit.

Yesy yes! Mrs. Waters moaned, her head throwing back. Her big boobs heaved as she gripped the back of her daughter's head. Such goody delights. Oh, Lordy, yes!

She drowned her daughter in pussy cream. I loved it. I fucked Tina's asshole hard as she licked at her mother's cunt. She lapped at her with all that she had, drinking up all her mother's pussy juices. Tina was a good girl.

Such a good and loving daughter, I growled. You're an awesome daughter, Tina! Love your mommy!

Love her! Mom gasped. Oh, oh, Cherry's loveying my pussy like a goody girl. Yay!

Mom was cumming, too. She drowned my bimbo-sister in pussy cream. I loved it as I slammed into Tina's asshole. I slammed into her anal sheath with force. She squealed into her mother's pussy as her bowels convulsed around me.

Yesy yes, yes, Tina squealed, her anal sheath suckling at me. Thanky for the cummies! Ameny!

I grunted, the wonderful flesh spasming around my cock. It was amazing having all that flesh spasming around me. Just perfect. I thrust to the hilt in her asshole. The pressure in my bowels hit that bursting point.

I erupted into her anal sheath. I flooded her with my jizz. My nuts unloaded as I grunted out my pleasure. I gripped the handcuff chain as the ecstasy shot through my body. I loved it crashing into my mind. Stars danced across my vision.

Ooh, ooh, ooh, Chloe moaned. Cummies!

Pussy cream gushed out of her pussy as she shuddered there, two fingers buried in her asshole. I loved it. Mom's tits heaved over her pregnant belly, Cherry feasting away. Mrs. Waters large boobs slapped together. She moaned out all her passion.

I grunted as I dumped more and more of my cum into my bimbo-fiancee's asshole. I flooded her with all that jizz. I loved every last second of this bliss sweeping through me. It was perfect. Just the sort of ecstasy I enjoyed.

I grunted with each eruption. Tina's asshole milked out my cum. I fired one more blast into her. I released her cuffs while she purred, her halo glowing bright. She rubbed her face into her mother's busy. 

Damn, I groaned and pulled out of her asshole. I took a step back and sank on the couch. That was incredible.

Ooh, ooh, dirty dick! Tina purred. Cleany time!

She turned around on her knees and crawled toward me. She was so fast considering that she had her hands cuffed behind her back. I smiled as Tina reached me. She opened her mouth wide and swallowed my cock with ease.

Shit, I groaned as my bimbo-fiancee suckled on my dick. She nursed on me with passion. Her eyes stared up at me as she enjoyed polishing her own sour musk off my dick. That's it. You're such an amazing nurse and priestess and fiancee. Always taking care of me.

I take care of you, too! Cherry said. She darted over to me, her huge tits slapping together. Milk flicked from the ends of her nipples. She jumped on the couch beside me, landing on her knees. Her boobs slapped together. She cupped them both. See, see. Drinky! Moooooo!

I latched onto her nipple and suckled. Her creamy breast milk flooded my mouth. I loved the stuff as I savored Tina nursing on my cock. She suckled hard on me, bobbing her head and working her mouth up and down my dirty dick.

She felt amazing as she suckled on me. She nursed with all her might on my cock. That felt so perfect. I loved her working her mouth up and down my dirty dick as I gulped down more of my sister's delicious breast milk. 

Mooooo! Cherry cooed as I suckled down her delights.

It was a treat gulping down her sweet breast milk. I could see why this was selling so well in those stores her breast milk was magical transported to. That was the only way to explain any of this. Magic. I didn't care how it worked.

I just enjoyed the benefits.

Tina bobbed her head. She polished my pole with that hot mouth of hers. she suckled on me with force. She nursed on me with such passion. It was amazing having her suckling on my cock with all that might. I loved every second of it.

I gulped down the breast milk. I suckled hard on that nipple. It was wondrous to gulp down more of that milk. Just fantastic. Especially with that hot mouth sucking on my cock. Tina polished my pole with such hunger.

Ooh, my daughter is such a goody girl to my new sonny, cooed Mrs. Waters.

She is! Mom rubbed at her swollen belly. Such a goody daughter. I have two of them! Soon I'll have... She paused and concentrated. Three. I'll have three goody daughters soon!

Yes, she would.

I gulped down more of Cherry's breast milk. That creamy treat filled my mouth every time I suckled. I savored the warmth of it. I gulped it down and loved how it melted down to my stomach and soaked through my body.

It was a perfect treat.

I nursed again, savoring the way Cherry mooed as I did that. She ran her hands through my hair and smiled down at me. I grabbed her butt-cheek and squeezed her rump. Pleasure rippled through me from Tina's sucking.

She swirled her tongue around the crown of my dick. That felt amazing. I hurtled closer and closer to cumming. Mom was watching and rubbing her belly. She was such a sexy mother. I wanted to be in her pregnant pussy again.

I wanted her riding my cock, her swollen belly rubbing into my stomach. That would be perfect. The idea burned through me as Tina suckled hard on my cock. I moaned around my sister's nipple and erupted.

I flooded Tina's mouth with my jizz. Spurt after spurt of my cum flooded her mouth. I savored that treat. I loved how amazing it was having all that rapture shooting through me. Tina gulped down my spunk as I swallowed another mouthful of my sister's breast milk.

I popped my mouth off her nipple and growled out, Shit, that's good. Tina, you're the best! Love you!

She suckled even harder on my dick. I loved all that pleasure sweeping through me. It was so good having all that cum erupting from my cock. She swallowed it all. It was a perfect rush. The pleasure was amazing. 

Damn, I groaned and erupted one last time. It was just perfect.

I savored that pleasure immensely. It was outstanding to have all that bliss humming through me. I glanced at Mom as Tina kept sucking on my dick. She nursed on me. It was fantastic having her nursing on me, but...

Tina, my dick is clean, and my bimbo-mommy wants to ride my dick, I said.

I do so muchy much! Mrs. Waters squealed.

No, no, my real mom, I said, glancing at my pregnant mother.

Ooh, ooh, that's me! She clapped her hands together as Tina popped her mouth off my cock. I loved how wet I felt. I get to ride my goody boy! Ooh, I want your biggie dick in my pussy! You knocked me up. I'm preggers because of you!

Preggers! Cherry squealed.

Tina crawled out of the way, purring, Lordy, let Eric and my newbie mommy both have such greaty good orgasms and enjoy lots of cummies! Amen!

Her halo shone bright as Mom straddled me. Her pregnant belly rubbed into my stomach. I loved the feel of her against me as she grabbed my dick. She pressed me into her blonde bush. Right against her pregnant pussy. I loved the feel of her against me.

She plunged her twat down my dick. It was fantastic feeling her hot cunt devouring my cock. I groaned as she swallowed all my dick. Pleasure rippled through my body. It was amazing having that hot cunt around my cock. She squeezed down around me. I groaned at that.

She planted her hands on my shoulders and rode me. My bimbo-mom's big boobs jiggled before me as her pregnant twat worked up and down my cock. It was hot having that delicious cunt massaging my dick while her round belly rubbed into my stomach.

I grabbed her ass, squeezing her butt-cheeks, and groaned, That's it, Mom. Work that bred cunt up and down my dick!

Yesy yes! she moaned, such empty-headed joy in her eyes. I lovey riding my goody son with my bred pussy. You made me so preggers!

I did, I groaned, reveling in that hot cunt sliding up and down my cock.

My hands dug into her ass as she rode me, her pregnant belly pressed into my stomach. Just feeling the fertile curve of her body was delicious. Just a treat that I loved. I was so glad to feel it. So glad to have her riding up and down my cock. She squeezed about me in such an exciting way. It was fantastic.
 
I wanted to breed my mother over and over again. Keep her pregnant with my daughters. She squeezed her cunt around my cock. She held me tight as she worked that cunt up and down me. I groaned as the pressure in my nuts grew.

I would pump my mother's pregnant cunt full of cum. She squeezed down around me, moaning in delight as she worked her snatch up and down my dick. She massaged me with that delicious snatch. I wanted her to orgasm so hard on me.

That's it, Mom! I groaned. Such a good bimbo-mommy! Just working that bred cunt up and down my cock!

UP and down that amazeying cock! she moaned. Ooh, ooh, it's so amazeying. I lovey your big dick in me. I'm gonna cummy so hard on your dick!

Yes, you are, I groaned, my fingers digging into her rump. I loved the feel of her gripping my cock as she rode me. She clenched her snatch around me. Oh, and, Mom!

Eric! Eric! She slammed her cunt down my cock. Ooh, so biggie!

The pressure in my nuts swelled every time she slid up my dick with her bred pussy. Her hot cunt massaged me. She gripped me as she rode me. She worked that hot cunt up and down my dick. I hurtled closer and closer to cumming in her snatch.

It was just perfect feeling that taboo cunt riding me. This was so wrong, but the App made it right. I loved that so much. I was so glad for the App. It was the best thing there was. Just such an amazing thing for me to enjoy.

Shit, shit, shit! I groaned, hurtling toward my orgasm. Let me feel that pregnant pussy going wild, Mom!

Preggy pussy gone wildy! she squealed and plunged down my dick.

She climaxed.

Her incestuous pussy writhed around my cock as she howled out in rapture. Her silky flesh spasmed around me, suckling at me. I loved every second of that. It was so wonderful feeling her convulsing around me. 

I gripped her rump and erupted. I spurted my cum into her pussy. I flooded her with all that I had. It was amazing having all that pleasure sweeping through me. Stars flashed across my vision as I dumped more and more of my cum into her pussy.

Shit, Mom! I groaned.

Ooh, ooh, my sonny's cummies! she squealed, her pussy rippling around me. Yesy yes, Mommy loves her goody boy's jizzies! So goody!

Her cunt rippled around me. She suckled at me with all that passion. I groaned, the pleasure sweeping through me. It felt so amazing dumping my cum into her pussy. I flooded her with all the jizz that I had.

Shit! I groaned. Oh, shit, that's good!

So goody! she moaned, her pussy rippling around me. It was an incredible rush dumping my cum into her twat.

I erupted into her over and over again. I spurted all that jizz that I had into her cunt. I flooded her with every drop of jizz that I had. It was so wonderful pumping her cunt full of cum. I groaned as she milked my balls dry.

Damn, I groaned.

So much of my sonny's cummies in me! Mom moaned.

Mrs. Waters whimpered. I glanced at my bimbo-MILF as she watched. She whimpered there, her face twisting in need. She looked unhappy about something. Then I realized what it was. Well, there was an easy solution.

Mrs. Waters, did you want me to fuck you because you're my second bimbo-mommy? I asked.

She nodded.

Well, if you eat out my first bimbo-mommy's pussy, then I'll fuck yours, I said. Deal.
Her face lit up. Ooh, thank you, thank you, thank you! She bounced up and down, her big boobs slapping together. You won't regrety it at all. Nope! You'll have such a goody cum!

I know, I said, smiling at her.

Mom climbed off my cock, whimpering. The pregnant woman sat on the couch beside me. She spread her legs apart. She had cum dripping out of her pussy. That was a hot thing. I knew that Mrs. Waters would love eating that creampie.

Mrs. Waters dropped to her knees and buried her face into my mother's pussy. I loved the way Mom gasped as the MILF started munching on that cunt. It was a hot sight to witness. My dick was so hard.

I rose and moved behind Mrs. Waters. Tina was busy munching on Chloe's cunt right now while Cherry started milking her udders and filling more bottles of milk for sale in those various boutiques around the world.

I dropped to my knees, my cock slapping down on my mother-in-law's rump. She was happily licking the incestuous mix of cum and pussy cream out of Mom's snatch. This was so hot. I nuzzled my dick into the bimbo-MILF's bush.

I fucked into her cunt.

She moaned into my mother's pussy as I sank to the hilt in that hot snatch. I loved it. I filled Tina's mother up with all my dick. The married MILF clamped her cunt down on my dick and purred her delight into Mom's pussy.

It was so hot having that pussy around me. I drew back my dick, groaning at how hot that pussy was. Mrs. Waters clamped her slutty cunt down on my cock. Pleasure shot through me. It felt so good having all that delight around my dick.

Ooh, ooh, I'm being fucked by my newbie sonny! groaned Mrs. Waters.

That's right, I grunted. Best dick in the world, isn't it?

Yesy yes, yes!

I slammed deep and hard into her pussy. I loved how tight she was. She made me feel amazing. I savored every last second of burying into her cunt. I fucked her with force. It was fantastic to feel that cunt around me.

She licked and lapped at my pregnant mother. Mom rubbed at her swollen belly, pleasure crossing her face. Her big boobs jiggled as she shuddered there. Her moans echoed through the living room. I loved every one of those sounds.

Damn, I groaned.

Ooh, ooh, such a goody son, Mrs. Waters moaned, her hips wiggling and stirring her cunt around my cock.

I fucked hard into my bimbo-mother-in-law's cunt. I fucked her with force. I slammed into her snatch over and over again. It was a beautiful moment to pound her like this. Her cunt gripped my cock, massaging me.

Bringing me closer and closer to cumming. I was so ready for that big burst of pleasure to explode out of me. I fucked into her cunt hard. I buried deep into her pussy. She moaned into Mom's bred snatch as my balls tightened.

I thrust in and out of Mrs. Water's pussy. Pussy. So much pussy. I was balls deep in my bimbo-MILF, just reveling in all that cunt. I thrust deep and hard into her snatch. I churned her up as the pressure in my balls built and built.

I hurtled toward that eruption. I would have such a mighty burst of cum. It was magnificent. I fucked her so hard. I pounded her with such force. I loved this so much. I would have a huge climax. Just burst into her cunt.

I groaned, slamming deep and hard into her cunt. I wanted to fill her with cum. Just give that whore what she craved. She would be stripping again tonight. Just fucking all the men at the club and making another movie to make me money.

The fans needed new material.

Had to churn out those hot wife gangbang vids.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned, slamming to the hilt in her cunt. That's so fucking good. Just squeeze that cunt around my dick!

Yesy yes! the MILF cooed. Such a goody boy fuckying your mommy's pussy and filling your other mommy's pussy up with so much cummies for your mommy to lick out of your other mommy's cunty holes and that mommy... She paused. 

I think she confused herself.

Such a goody boy! she squealed and kept feasting on the incestuous creampie.

I pounded her cunt hard and fast. I buried into her with force, my nuts slapping into her taint. Chloe Hart gasped out her orgasm, cumming on my bimbo-fiancee's lips. Tina still had her hands behind her back, her chains rattling.

I buried deep into my bimbo-mother-in-law's juicy snatch. I fucked her hard, savoring the way she squeezed down around me. It was a fabulous moment. She wiggled her hips around, stirring that pussy around my dick.

Mom shuddered, her face twisting in delight. She rubbed at her pregnant belly as she hurtled closer and closer to her orgasm. She would have a huge climax. I loved watching her squirming. She arched her back, whimpering.

Oh, that's so goody! Mom groaned. You're eatying my pussy so greaty! Just so greaty good! Ooh, ooh, Molly, I'm gonna have a biggie cum!

Drowny me! Mrs. Waters moaned, her pussy clamping down on my cock.

I slammed into Mrs. Waters, the pressure building toward that bursting point. My nuts swung as I pounded her. The MILF's butt-cheeks rippled. She moaned into Mom's pussy. She groaned out her pleasure as I fucked that hot twat hard and fast. I pounded her.

I hurtled toward that moment of climaxing. She squeezed her twat around me as Mom bucked. My pregnant moment climaxed. She squealed out her delight as her pleasure swept over her. She gasped and moaned as she came so hard, drowning Mrs. Waters.

Shit! I groaned, burying into the MILF's cunt and erupting.

I pumped her twat full of my cum. Mrs. Waters squealed as she felt my cum pumping into her married twat. The bimbo's snatch convulsed around me. I loved the way her pussy spasmed around me. It was fantastic.

My newbie sonny's cummies!

I pumped more and more of my cum into her pussy. She rippled around me, sucking at me with such passion. Just like her daughter's cunt. I loved that delight. I savored the pleasure that swept through my body. 

I grunted with each eruption. Each spurt of cum. It was fantastic to dump all that jizz into her pussy. Her flesh writhed around me. I groaned with each blast of my spunk. I filled her up to the brim with everything that I had.

Damn, I groaned, her twat milking my cock dry. Oh, damn, that's good.

So goody, Mrs. Waters whimpered. She rubbed her face into Mom's pussy. That was so greaty good. I'm so gladdy you're my sonny, too.

Once I marry your daughter, I said, glancing at Tina who was licking her lips soaked in Chloe Hart's pussy cream. We still have to plan the wedding and get married.

Oh, righty right! Let's go do that!

She stood up, ripping her cunt off my dick. She darted off to do... I don't know what. She was squealing in delight as she ran upstairs, though. Tina bounded to her feet and, still cuffed, raced after her mother. 

Bimbos.

I sat down on my chair and closed my eyes. I wanted to take a nap and...

Wait, didn't Mrs. Juarez hit Level 4 working the gloryhole. I was tempted to level her up, but I wanted to wait for her to get home. She and Maggie Storm would be home soon. Maggie Storm had every day for the next month rented out to be someone's live-in celebrity bang bimbo-maid for the day.

I was able to charge so much for that. She had a lot of local fans that wanted to enjoy her gorgeous body. I mean, I was one of them. It made perfect sense to me why she was so popular. So I waited for them to go back, denying myself the knowledge.

For now.

Finally, I heard the doors closing of their Ubers. They always had people who just magically wanted to drive them around. I think they got blowjobs for payment. Maybe more. If so, they were saving me on money.

Maggie Storm entered first. I predicty there is a ninety-seventy percenty chance of me showering you in kisses!

Shower first! I said as Maggie Storm rushed at me with her maid's uniform stained in silver. She looked like someone had jizzed all over her. Had the guy brought friends?

Okey-dokey! said Maggie Storm, nonplussed. That's why a goody weathery girl is never one-hundred similleons accurate! Thingies are never certain! She darted off.

Mrs. Juarez entered, and she was even more dripping in cum. She had been whoring herself at the gloryhole, sucking dicks and taking them in her pussy and asshole. She spent her days on her knees, and was so happy for it. She was a Cum Slut. What would be next for her?

I wasn't sure. It was time to find out.

Shower, I said. And hurry back!

She darted off, a big smile on her lips. I'll be all cleany for mi hermosaiiii!

She joined Maggie Storm in the shower. Mom was cooking now. She might be pregnant, but that didn't stop her from doing the domestic work. Tina came skipping down the stairs, still happily cuffed, her boobies bouncing. 

Our wedding is gonna be super duper amazeying awesomey! Mommy and I were talking and talking and tribbdying and talkying about it! She bounced up and down. There'll be flowers and a veil and I'll be in whitey garters and flowers! Pink and purple! Yay!

Sounds great, I told her. Would she remember any of that?

Mrs. Juarez and Maggie Storm finally emerged from the shower. I knew they were doing naughty things in there. They were bimbos. They couldn't help themselves. Maggie Storm rushed at me and rained kisses all over my face.

It was adorable when she did that.
Now, I could do it. I stood, staring at M
rs. Juarez with hunger. Things got weird at Level 4. Magical. I opened the App and clicked on her profile. She was Level 4 and I could take her up on what was next on her screen. It was...

I blinked.

Goddess Bimbo?

This app is insane, I muttered as I read what it was about. A real goddess? Shit. I clicked YES.

She instantly started to glow. Not like Tina, which was just around her head, this glow came from within Mrs. Juarez. Like it was glowing from her heart. She rose a few inches off the ground and floated there, this strange look of serenity falling on her face.

She was still a bimbo, but a bimbo who had mastered zen or something. 

I blessy all who worshipy me and they shall have lots of cummies and climaxies, she said. 

Ooh, oho, I'll worshipy you, Tina gasped and dropped to her knees. Oh Goddess Mrs. Juarez, I pray to you to blessy Eric because I lovey him and he's our owner and we're getting married so shiny all your lovey gracey blessyings on him. Ameny.

Done, Mrs. Juarez said, her voice serene. Her light glowed bright and washed over me. 

Damn, I muttered as my phone beeped with a new notification. 

You are my priestessy and I lovey you, Mrs. Juarez said. 

I lovey you two, my sexy Goddess! Tina jumped to her feet and kissed Mrs. Juarez. Their glows were merging together.

This was getting crazy. I glanced at my phone and saw that Mrs. Juarez had unlocked a new perk for 40 Bimbo Crystals. It was called Goddess of the Glory Holes. I clicked the description and read: A Level 4 Goddess with a Gloryhole perk. She can manifest in up to three gloryholes at the same time and service her worshipers. 

Holy shit, I muttered as I cashed out some of the money I had made today. It was a lot. In a week or so, I'd hit a million easily. 

I opened up her settings and found that I could set her up for two more gloryholes. And there was no limitation on geography. Before, it had to be something in easy driving reach, but now... She could be anywhere in the world. As my bimbo-priestess and bimbo-goddess made out, I set her up in places I thought would have lots of money so I could charge even more for her. I selected the New York Stock Exchange and a luxury hotel in Dubai. It was said to be the most expensive hotel in the world.

Perfect. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Zelda Murphy

It was such an excitedy day. My son and Tina were getting married and that was so awesomey. She squirmed, all tied up on the bed beside Eric. He had put a gag in her mouth, which made her glow so brightly. 

That's it, Mommy, he said. I want to enjoy your pregnant pussy again. I love watching you riding me with that swollen stomach. I'm going to keep you bred. Just knock you up over and over again.

Yay! I squealed as I crawled on him. It was all awkwardy with my big belly. But I wasn't a fatty. I was preggers. I had my very special daughter in my womb. His daughter!

I grabbed my son's biggie dick and pressed him into my blondie bush. I found the lips to my pussy and plunged my cunty hole right down him. I took him all, moaning in delighty joy at feeling his cock stretching me out. 

It was so wondermus having my son's biggie dick in me. I loveyed that thick shaft nuzzling all the way to my womb. It was so amazeying. My big boobs quivered as he stared up at me, this hungry grin on his lips.

Oh, he was such a sexy boy.

Mommy loves her goody boy so muchy much! I purred and slid up him.

God, yes, he groaned as my pussy squeezedy about him. I loveyed him with my preggers pussy. It was so hot sliding up and up him. Fuck, Mom! Ride me!

Yesy yes! I squealed and plunged down his biggie cock.

It never ever never got oldie riding his thicky dick. I loved having all of my goody boy in my pussy. It felt so righty. My cunty hole was made for his cock. I knew it in my heart. It was why he would breed me over and over and over again.

I squealed in delighty joy at that thought. I wanted to be preggers with his babies forever and ever and ever. That was such a longy time. Way longer than watching those Lordy of the Rings movies he loved. Those were so longy and boring with no sexy stuff in them.

But I could sucky his dick while he watched them.

And ridey his cock like right now. I smiled at him.

That's it, Mom, he groaned. Work that pregnant snatch up and down my cock.

Yesy, I am, I whimpered. Up and down and down and up. I lovey your cock in me. You were made to be in mommy's pussy! Just made. By me! I made you have a biggie dick so I could ride it and be preggers with your baby!

Yes! he groaned in complete agreement. 

He was so amazeying.

My cummies built and built in my pussy as I worked up and down him. It was so hottie doing that. I loveyed it so much. I savored sliding my cunty hole up and down his dick. He would make me just bursty with delight.

I wanted all those goody great joys to rush through me. My pussy clamped down so hardy on his cock as I worked up and down him faster and faster. My boobies slapped together. I loveyed this so much. He was awesome.

Yes, yes, yes, Mom, he groaned. Keep riding me!

I'll never ever stop! I promised.

I plunged down him and slid back up him. My boobies bounced and stomach heaved. This was so greaty. Just so greaty good. I was so gladly that I was riding him like this. His cock made my pussy just melt with joy. I was so closey to my climax.

I plunged down my son's biggie cock, my boobies heaving. All the goody feelings burst inside of me. I loveyed it. I bucked, all the bliss surging through me. My pregnant cunty hole writhed around his mighty cock.

Oh, Eric, yesy yes! I squealed. Mommy is cummying on your biggie cock. Ooh, ooh, I lovey it!

Me, too, Mom, groaned Eric. Shit!

He erupted. All his cummies fired into my pussy. I loved the feel of all his jizzies splashing into my pussy. My cunty hole rippled around him. His hands rubbed over my pregnant belly. It was so awesomey. 

I threw back my head, my cunty hole milking his cock. He erupted over and over and over again. So much jizzies to fill my pussy. I gasped in such delighty joy. My head tossed from side to side. It was amazeying.

Fuck, Mom! he grunted.

I loveyed all his cummies flooding my pussy. He filled me to the brim with all his seed. So much jizzies into my bred pussy. I loveyed it. I bucked on him, my pregnant belly all quivering. Such delighty joy blazed hot through me.

I hit the wondermus peak. It was so awesomey. Ooh, ooh, Eric, that's so amazeying! I lovey it so muchy! You filled me with all the cummies.

All of them, Mom, he said, smiling up at me. It was so wondermus to be in bed with him. 

Tina moaned into her gag as she squirmed all bound up beside us. She was such a cutie newbie daughter. I stroked her face. She would want to do naughty thingies to me and him. I loveyed when she lickedy my pussy.

A strange sensation rippled through my stomach. Ooh. I blinked as it happened again. Ooh, I thinky... I knew this. I thinky I'm havying a baby!

What? Eric asked in shock.

A baby! My cunty hole clenched around his dick. I'm having a baby! I have to go to the hospital and have your daughter, Eric. I'm a mommy!

Shit! he groaned.

And we went to the hospital and I had a baby and I named her Peach and she was so cutie. It was such an awesomey thingie to hold my newbie daughter and smile at my son and tell everyone he was the daddy.

I can't believe that dumb bimbo thinks her son knocked her up, I heard one of the nurses whisper. Wasn't that nicey of her. She called me a bimbo! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Eric Murphy

Things were growing great. I was almost to a million dollars, and that was with the new house I was buying in escrow. I had put the down payment of $290,000. Just ten percent of the $2.9 million price tag. 

I was making so much money.

It had been three weeks since Peach was born. The wedding would be coming up in another month. Dad was flying in for it. That was cool. He would be bringing his bimbos. It would be great to see him. 

I had this house up for sale with a few interested buyers. Things were going great. Maggie Storm and Chloe Hart were almost to Level 4. It was a perfect life. Peach was growing fast, too. Just aging before our eyes. She seemed normal, though. 

A teenage girl.

Hey Dad, she said, walking in. She had blonde hair like Mom. She opened the fridge, humming. We're out of coke. Just Mountain Dew. So gross.

I love it, I said as my App dinged.

I glanced at it and read a new message: Your daughter Peach is fourteen and has come of age! Do you want to enjoy her special levels by making her into a bimbo?

YES and NO hovered beneath those words, the buttons pulsing with excitement.

I glanced at my daughter. She was a curvy thing, taking after her mother. She bent over, a pair of Cherry's shorts clinging to her rump. A tight pair of jean shorts. She had a bubbly butt than her older sister. And she was fourteen now.

My dick twitched.

I hit YES.

Peach squealed and turned around, all the intelligence gone from her face. Daddy! I'm your bimboy-daughter now! Yay!

She threw herself at me and kissed me with such passion.

To be continued...
