"THE AFTERMATH"
(Or What Follows Next)
Chapter 3: "Preparations Begin"

This is a story of erotic fiction meant for adult readers over
the age of eighteen years

Written by Jean-Christophe (Chris)
An archive of my stories can be found at
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Jean-Christophe_Stories

"The characters and ideas contained in this story are the
writer's and shouldn't be used without permission"

Chapter 3: Thursday. "Preparations Begin"

Having unlocked the door of the pen, the steward orders Toby and
his fellow slaves out into the passageway and commands then to
line up four abreast in front of him. , he instructs his two
assistants to unfasten the slaves' wrists and to remove their
gags.

Free of these restrictions, the four slaves exercise their arms
and jaws in an effort to relieve their cramped muscles. The
steward waits patiently before speaking.

"Let me tell you what is to happen to you". He says not unkindly
- for after all, he is a slave like them; albeit a privileged one
- "First we will give you food and water and then get you ready".

"Get us ready for what?" Toby asks.

"Why, for your inspections, of course".

"What inspections? What's going to happen to us?"

"I thought that would be obvious to you. Look! Your master has
sent you here to be sold and my master has arranged for some of
his special clients to come and inspect you before you go to
auction on Saturday. You two," the steward points to Toby and the
black-haired slave, "have clients coming to examine you today. If
you're lucky you might be sold privately. At least that will save
you the distress of mounting the auction block."

"I'm sure my master will realise his mistake and take me home
soon". Toby replies hopefully.

"I wouldn't count on it, friend". The steward offers. "Last
evening, I overheard my master talking to your owner about you,
to one of his clients. It sounds as if your master is in need of
urgent cash. The prices he'd hoped to get for these three,"
indicating the three younger slaves, "isn't enough for his
purposes and he's decided to sell you to make up the shortfall"

Toby's spirits sink at the steward's words. "My advice to you is
to forget your old master and to concentrate on pleasing the
buyers who are coming to inspect you today and tomorrow. Anyway
my job is to make sure that you are made presentable for them.
But first let's get you all fed and watered."

Hungrily, the four slaves devour their ration of two slave
biscuits each and the steward instructs his assistants to.

"Give them an extra one each. They have a long day ahead of them
and they'll need all their energy".

With their stomachs still rumbling, the four slaves gratefully
eat this extra ration of food and follow it up by thirstily
gulping down the water they are given to drink.

Now fed and watered the four slaves are herded through a door
into an adjacent room where there are two more naked, attendant
slaves waiting for them. It is a room unlike any that Toby has
seen before. Its walls and floor are lined with tiles that had
once been pristine white. Now however, they are a dingy, grey-
white colour and streaked with rust. Running down the centre of
the floor is a rank- smelling, open drain and adjacent to this, a
number of open drop toilets are set into the floor.

Along one wall are several wooden benches, trestles and chairs;
their purpose is lost on the four slaves. Adjacent to the drop
toilets are water taps and hoses. Toby instantly recognises the
enema nozzles attached to the ends of the hoses. He is no
stranger to these and had used one very similar as he prepared
himself for his master's bed. And, hanging from the ceiling is an
assortment of chains and manacles.

The whole room has a stagnant, putrid smell and an overall filthy
appearance. It is the preparation room where slaves are made
ready either for display or for sale. Tomorrow, it will be much
used as the new slaves from the north are prepared for auction
the next day.

Today, however, it is Toby and his three fellow slaves who are to
be made ready.

The steward, aided by his two assistants, orders the four slaves
to squat over the drop toilets and empty their bladders and
bowels. This mortifies Toby who has always enjoyed a degree of
privacy because of his relationship to his master. Now he finds
himself reduced to the same level as the three, young slaves and
joins them in a very public emptying of his bladder and voiding
of his bowels. Toby is overcome with embarrassment. Uninhibited
by any such embarrassment, the three young slaves quickly finish
and leap to their feet. Toby is now aware that all eyes are
turned on him as he pisses and strains unsuccessfully to empty
his bowels.

"Can't you shit? Your nerves got you, have they?" The steward
asks Toby. "Never mind, we'll flush it out of you. Let's have you
up on your feet. QUICKLY NOW!"

His face, red with shame, Toby stands and waits for the steward's
instructions.

Now the four slaves are once more lined up, alongside each other,
and the steward begins an examination of them. He instructs his
assistants to remove the leather bindings from around the
genitals of the three younger slaves and, when this is done,
their cocks and balls are teased out so that they hang loose.

Moving down the line, he runs his hands down the fronts of the
three young slaves before turning them around and examining their
backs. Finally satisfied he instructs his assistants,

"These three", he tells his assistants, "don't require too much
attention. They were prepared for the master's evaluation
yesterday. They're to keep their body hair; that way, their new
masters will have the option to keep them as is or to shave them
smooth. Just shave their faces and make sure there aren't any
stray hairs on their ball sacks or around their holes. Then flush
them out, shower them, buff them and lubricate them. And fit each
of them with a display ring".

Facing Toby he tells his assistants.

"This one is to get the full body works. The master wants him
totally smooth. So starting at the top and working down, crop his
hair back to a proper slave haircut, make sure his face is clean
shaven and remove all the hair from his chest, belly, arms and
legs. And there's to be no hair left in his armpits, around his
genitals or between the cheeks of his buttocks".

"Please don't do that". Toby pleads.

"It's not my choice. I have my orders from my master. As I said
he wants you totally smooth for your inspections and I'm
instructed to remove all your body hair."

"Why?" Toby asks.

"Why? That way, you'll present better to the master's clients."

With easy practise born of experience, the assistant slaves
eagerly set to work in carrying out the steward's orders. Of
their many duties this is one they perform with the most
enthusiasm; for here they have unfettered access to the bodies of
the slaves they are processing. Under the guise of preparing the
four slaves for inspection, their hands are free to roam over the
bodies of their charges. Already they are sporting massive
erections in anticipation.

They begin by administering enemas to the four slaves. Eagerly,
the nozzles are inserted into the resisting anuses and the taps
turned on. Then, the four slaves are made to squat over a toilet
and expel the contents of their bowels. This process is repeated
as the steward watches each slave's expulsion until he is
satisfied that all the slaves are running clean. Once satisfied,
he gives the order to continue.

After the face of each of the slave is shaved, Toby is separated
from his companions and forced to his knees. His eyes fill with
tears as his long, curly hair is roughly cut to a proper slave
crop. Now, he is introduced to the furnishings he noticed on
first entering the room.

He is made to lie, full length and on his back, on one of the
trestles whilst his body hair is removed. The assistants work
quickly under the watchful eye of the steward who directs their
efforts. Toby winces as the razors move over his chest and belly
and remove the hair from his armpits. Special attention is then
given to the thick bush in which his genitals nestle. Firstly,
this is cut back close to the skin and then smoothly shaven. He
flinches as he feels the cold steel of the razor sliding down the
shaft of his cock. He holds his breath as his dick is lifted up
and held out of the way as his balls are attended to.  Then it is
the turn of his arms and legs. Finally he is ordered into a
kneeling position and to spread his legs. Now he suffers the
indignity of having the hair removed from his arse-crack and from
around his hole. Now finished, the assistants stand back as the
steward begins an examination of Toby's shaven body testing it
for smoothness and looking for any stray hairs.

Toby blushes as his buttocks are prised apart and a finger slowly
moves up and down his cleft. The ever vigilant steward manages to
find one or two wayward hairs which are quickly removed by one of
the admonished assistants. Toby is ordered off of the table and
to stand at display with his hands held behind his head.
Expertly, the steward runs his hands over the freshly shaven body
and declares his satisfaction.

"You look really good. The master will be pleased. Nothing is
hidden from the buyers, which is as he wants you when you are
displayed."

Toby for his part, feels this nakedness like no other that he has
experienced. As a slave he is used to enforced nudity; in fact,
if he is truthful he has always enjoyed his nakedness. This was
especially so when in the presence of his owner. He knew that
Andy always enjoyed looking at his body and he took pride in his
master's appreciation of him. Whenever he was aware that his
master was looking, Toby would flex his muscles and suggestively
pose his body in ways that he knew gave Andy pleasure. Now,
without his body hair, his body isn't just naked; it is denuded.
Slowly tears of humiliation trickle down his face.

The attendants now hustle the four slaves under the showers and
gleefully begin to wash them. The slaves feel soapy hands gliding
over their bodies and exploring their most intimate and private
places. As Toby's genitals and arse are lovingly soaped and
caressed he feels his cock stirring into a full erection. The
attendant washing him is delighted and draws the steward's
attention to his hard-on.

"That's quite a show you're putting on." The steward laughingly
tells Toby. "If you do that when the master's clients inspect
you, I doubt that you'll make it to the auction block."

Once out of the showers, the four slaves are quickly dried and
rubbed down with an herbal, body lotion to disguise their body
odours. Finally, they are made to bend at the waist and their
holes are lubricated.

The steward tells them. "You'll appreciate that once the clients
start shoving their fingers up you."

Quickly the four slaves are fitted with brass display rings that
force their genitals into prominence. Toby is acutely aware that
his cock is now resting on top of his balls and that if feels
heavier than usual. Looking down he is surprised at how large
they all look without the surrounding hair.

The steward instructs two of his assistants to return the blond
slaves to their pen "as the master hasn't managed to schedule a
viewing for them."

The other two assistants are instructed to fasten Toby's and the
black-haired slave's wrists to the back of their collars and to
take them to the display rooms.


To be continued.........
















