Author: mypenname3000
Title: In Another World with My Bimbo App Eight: Spanking the Naughty Catgirl
Summary: A naughty catgirl is spanked.
Keywords: MF FF Fsolo mc anal toys 1st ws spank disc D/s monster fantasy isekai magic

Copywrite 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my beta reader for helping out!

Mint

Night had fallen, and the evil slaver with his disgusting magic item that turned women into empty-headed whores for his amusement had turned in. I had to get that object to free the women, especially my friend Calisalaleonia.

A shiver ran through me at the memory of the cursed elf nearly killing me. Her arrow had almost taken me in the face. It wasn't her fault. She was his slave. If hatred could kill, his heart would have exploded out of his chest by now.

My tail twitched behind me as I scampered through the forest to the perfect tree. It was the perfect one necessary for my task. I stroked my fingers down it, keeping my claws from scratching the bark. I was a druid, one with nature.

And nature would stop this unnatural magic from twisting any more women into degraded whores.

I knelt before the tree and pressed my forehead to it. I closed my eyes, my ears twitching, and prayed, Awaken, oh mighty forest, and defend Mother Nature from the disgusting acts of the man who wishes to pillage it!

The trunk creaked. The bark split in places. The ground rumbled as roots burst out of the earth. Dirt sloughed off the roots as the tree split, forming legs. The branches groaned, twisting into arms. I smiled up at what I had awakened.

A treant. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Cally the Bimbo Archer

I was just so happy to be on watch and sitting here and protectying Master from any dangers while he was all sleeping snuggley up with Anni and Erotha. So I had to sitty here and stare out at the darky night and keep them all safe.

It was super dupery important. I had to do such a goody good job at it. I would not faily Master. Not at ally all. 

But it was sooooooo boring. I just wanted something to happen. Anything. I yawned and stretched and yawned again. I wanted to masturbatey. Could I rub my wettie pussy? It was all juicy and itchy and I could just rub my clitty and stroke my twaty and have a goody orgasm. 

That would be nicey. Just a yummy nummy cummy.

I bit my lower lip. Would Master get all maddie if I did that? Would he spank me? Piss on me? I loved his pee! And being spanked was so naughty wottie. My butty-cheeks would be all burny and my pussy would get all wettie and I would have more cummies from being all spankied.

My hand slid up my thigh, stroking my hottie flesh. A wondermus shiver raced up me as my hand stroked closer and closer to my pussy. I vanished beneath my skirt, my breathing getting all quickie. I was so juicy and itchy and I had to have cummy.

So I could keep watch.

I had to be all focusy, so I needed to rubby myself and have a glorimus cummy. 

That's just goody logicy sense! I said to myself, nodding vigorously. My ears twitched and my biggie boobs rose and fell in my leather corset.

My fingers were so goody and found my pussy lips. I stroked up and down and down and up them. Shivers of delighty joy washed through me. I smiled and enjoyed all those greaty delights rippling through my body. I was

A tree groaned in the dark. Branches creaked and bark crackled. The scent of fresh dirt filled my nose. That was strangey. I stroked up and down my pussy folds. Was there something baddie happening out there? 

That wasn't goody. Not goody at all.

I stood and turned around to see... a tree. It was walking at me all lumbering. The ground shooky with its steps. It had arms made of branches and feet with rooty toes and it had eyes that stared at me. I blinked. That wasn't goody.

Stopy right there! I commanded. You're a baddie tree, aren't you?

The tree grabbed me. I gasped in shock as the woody fingers wrapped around my waist and lifted me. I gripped my bow in my left hand. It was time to fight. I went to raise it, but the tree pressed me right against the trunk, my legs wrapping around it and...

The bark rubbed on my juicy wuicy pussy.

I gasped at the delighty goodness that rushed out of my cunty and through my body. My clitty drank in the roughy texture of the bark. It felt all naughty on my pussy. My twaty clenched as I humped against the tree.

Oh, no, you baddie tree, I moaned, my nipples all so hard. Ooh, ooh, that's just so goody. I'm gonna hump against you and have a biggie cummy! Take that! You're gonna be soaked in my pussy juices! Huh? You want that!

The tree tightened its grip about my waist, but not hardy enough to be uncomfortable. I shuddered as it rubbed me up and down and down and up its bark. I shuddered, my pussy all clenching and loveying the roughy feel of its bark. My clitty sparked.

Ooh, ooh, you do wanty that, huh? I said, my juices coating the bark.

The eyes widened. The tree groaned as I humpyed my pussy against all that naughty wottie bark. I felt so goody great. My twaty drank in all the deliciousy sensations. My nipples throbbed, wanting to be played with like my clitty.

Then the tree ripped me from its trunk. I gasped in shock. That was so annoying of him. The tree lifted me and stared down my skirt at my pussy. I shuddered, wantying him to licky me and lappy at me and make me cummy.

Wait, did he have a mouth? I giggled. I couldn't remember.

The tree groaned. He sounded all horny and woodie and in need of a cummy. If he had a biggie dick, I would help him out. Just soothie him with my mouth. That would be so much funny fun. I squirmed in his grip, wanting all the naughty wottie naughty thingies to happen.

The tree's other hand, fingers made of thick and knobbly wood, reached between my thighs. A wave of naughty hottie exciteyment washed through me. The tree's digits slid up my thigh. So rough. I quivered in hottie delight.

He found the folds of my pussy.

Yesy yes, Mr. Tree! I purred in delight, my ears twitching. I was one lucky ducky elfy slut.

His fingers stroked up and down my pussy slit. My cunty hole quivered. He brushed all my delicate bits and my clitty. I moaned at the burst of sparks that showered through me. It was all hottie and greaty and amazeyballs.

Two of the woody fingers plunged into my cunty hole. My pussy clamped down on them as all this pleasure washed through me. Those digits fuckyed my pussy all hardy and fast. The roughy texture felt awesomey in me. I loveyed it.

Then then tree's fattie thumb slid into my butty-crack and found my assyhole. My eyes widened in delighty joy. The thumb pushed on my backdoor. Heat melted from my analy ring down to my pussy. I whimpered in delight.

Fucky my assyhole, I begged. Pleasey please with sugar berries and plumy drops!

The thumb popped into my buttyhole.

I gasped in delight at the velvety heat melting to my cunty hole full of all those other woody fingers. The tree gripped my waist as he fingered both my wickedy holes. I was such a lucky wucky elfy slut. I grinned from ear to ear.

I moaned in delighty joy as he fuckyed his digits innie and outie of my pussy and my assyhole. I trembled, the dualy pleasures all a swirl in me. I moaned in delight, my blondie hair swaying as I squirmed in the tree's grip.

Such a nicey tree, I moaned. Ooh, ooh, you're gonna give me such a goody orgasm. Yesy you are. That's so sweetie of you. Ooh, ooh, I am so happy that you're gonna make me all cummy. Such a nicey tree. Yesy you are. I'm so gladly that you're pleasuring me. Ooh, ooh, let's have a wondermus cummy. I want to just busty with delight! Yay!

The tree groaned, its eyes staring at me as its fingers thrusty innie and outie of my pussy and buttyhole faster and faster. I gripped those woody goody digits, the blissy washing through my nethers. A wondermus cummy built in me.

I moaned and gasped out into the nightie air, loveying this muchy much. I whimpered as the tree fuckyed my holes faster and faster. He was such a nicey oak. Just so nicey wicey nice. I grinned at it as those digits churned me up.

Ooh, ooh, you're gonna make me all cummy, I moaned.

The tree buried its fingers into my cunty hole and thumb into my asshole.

Yeppie, you are. Just gonna be a nicey tree and make me cummy so hardy!

Every thrust of those wondermus digits built and built my orgasmy fun. I squeezed my pussy and assy down on them, the heat swirling through me. It was all building and swelling and rising in me. I would just explody. 

My toes curled in my boots as my moans grew louder and louder. The tree plunged all those woody digits deep into my holes. My pussy and my assyhole both quivered, drinking in all that roughy friction until...

Yesy yes! I squealed as I climaxed.

My cummy delight washed out of my spasming pussy and flooded my body with goody times feelings. I bucked in the tree's arms, my boobies almost bouncing out of my corset. I gaspyed out my blissy joy as my cunty hole and buttyhole spasmed around the tree's digits.

Ooh, ooh, yesy yes, that's so goody great! I squealed, loveying all this pleasure sweeping through me. Just keep sending all that goody bliss through me! Yay!

My mind all drownied in the greaty joy that flooded out of my cunty hole. I quivered in delighty, whimpering and moaning out to the night. It was just so perfecty great. I threw back my head and squealed with delight as my orgasm crested in me.

And the goody tree kept fingerying me. How nicey of him. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mint

Ooh, ooh, make me cummy again! Calisalaleonia moaned as the tree fucked her.

I couldn't believe the tree fucked her. That wasn't what it was supposed to do. It was supposed to pull her to safety then attack the tent and kill Mark, that slaving bastard. I couldn't believe what it was doing to my elvish friend.

Was it the curse? Calisalaleonia had started humping the tree. The air-headed lust that had infected her must have poisoned the tree. This was a disaster. I crouched in my vantage point, shaking my head. Why was nothing going right?

And now the tent was stirring. The slaving bastard was up along with his other bimbos. I sighed. There went the surprise attack. Why couldn't anything go right? This was so annoying. I wanted to hiss out in frustration.

I just wanted to save my friend from that evil man.

The tent flap flew aside and Mark stepped out naked, an ax in one hand, the evil device in the other.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mark Johnson

I burst out of the tent and came face to face with Cally squealing in delight. The blonde and busy elf was being finger-fucked by a living tree. A treant. That was what it was normally called. Not a different word that was copyrighted by Tolkien.

Fuck, I breathed, staring at the large oak. It was twenty or more feet tall, standing on two trunk-like legs, and easily holding Cally in one hand as the other finger-fucked her. That's my elf! Don't you dare molest her!

Mastery sir, he's makying me cummy again! Cally cried as she shuddered in the monster's grips.

Let's go! I shouted.

Righty right! Erotha gasped, the busty bimbo-enchantress plunging her dildo-wand into her pussy. She pulled it out and touched the dripping wand against my weapon. It glowed as he blessed it to do more damage.

I charged at it, glancing back to see Anni finally getting out of the tent. Her big breasts swayed as she held out her sword for Erotha to enchant. The busty bimbo plunged her dildo-wand back into her cunt to soak it in more of her juices.

I crossed the campsite and reached the treat busy molesting my bimbo-elf. I slammed my weapon into the trunk. I hit with a solid thunk. The blow shivered up my arm as I left a gouge in the treant's bark, revealing the wood beneath. 

The tree groaned in rage as I drew back my glowing ax and slammed it down into the back again. I dug even deeper this time, leaving a nice wound in the creature. I didn't know how much Hit Points it had nor what its level was, but I would defeat it.

No! gasped Cally as the treant ripped its fingers out of her holes and swung its arm at me.

Shit! I growled and tried to dodge it.

The treant's backhand hit me like a semi-truck. Pain exploded in my chest as I was flung off my feet. I hit the ground with a thud, groaning. It hurt, but I wasn't about to let that slow me down. I pushed up to my feet as the tree drew back for another blow, poor Cally being swung around in its other hand.

Master! Anni gasped as the tree slammed down at me.

She caught the branch on her sword and, with a giggle, threw it back. Giggling Parry had saved my bacon. She then slashed with her glowing sword, slamming into the trunk. She left a long gash in the bark, exposing the wood beneath.

Sap started oozing out from the wounds.

Good job! I said to Anni and slammed my ax into the treant again. I struck deep. This time, my weapon didn't want to pull out. It was almost stuck to the monster. I tugged hard and wrenched my ax free, sticky strands of sap clinging to it. Shit.

Anni stabbed her sword into the treant's bark. She gasped as she had to struggle to pull her blade free. The treant drew back its branch to hit her as she battled the sticky sap binding her weapon to it. I cursed and threw myself into her.

I knocked Anni to the side.

CRACK!

The branch slammed into the crown of my head. Stars flared from the blow. I staggered, gripping my ax and phone tightly as I fought to keep my balance. The world swam around me for a moment, Cally's shrieks growing distant.

Cally... I had to save my bimbo-elf. She was mine!

I straightened and slammed my ax into the side of the tree. I crashed into the bark. It burst in a shower. I wrenched my weapon from the sticky sap and twisted out of the way of the arm swinging at me. Cally flew by, her blonde hair swaying as the tree twisted to attack Anni.

My busty, redheaded bimbo-warrior giggled as she parried the attack.

I'm getting all sicky! whimpered my bimbo-elf as the tree swung her about. I missy the molestying!

The tree swung at Anni again. It struck her in the side. She gasped and was thrown to the ground. She rolled across the dirt. She gasped as I snarled and slammed my ax into the treant. The blade nearly stuck, but I jerked it free.

Meanie tree! Anni gasped as she struggled to her feet.

That's not nicey of you! gasped Erotha. The bimbo-enchantress darted up, her huge tits bouncing. She ripped her dildo-wand out of her pussy and swung it, splashing the tree with her cunt cream.

Smoke sizzled from the tree, the enchanted pussy cream burning the tree. That was how she attacked. She jammed the dildo-wand back into her pussy, pleasure crisscrossing her face. She had such a big grin on her lips.

She looked so happy there. 

Anni charged in. She giggled as she parried another sword stroke. Then she slashed her blade and cut the tree. She planted her foot on the tree trunk and wrenched her blade free of the sticky tree sap. She shouted and attacked again.

Master! Master! Cally shouted as the tree swung its arm holding her at me.

I jumped to the side and slammed my ax into the branch. The wood snapped. The tree groaned in pain as I swung again. I crashed through the branch in a spurt of sap. The limb fell to the ground with Cally. She gasped.

Takey that! Erotha cried and swung her dildo-wand, her huge tits heaving before her. They slapped together and bounced. Her pussy juices splashed on the trunk.

The wood sizzled.

The treant groaned in pain.

The other limb slammed into her. Erotha screamed in pain as she flew back and hit on the ground hard. Fear for her swept through me. She was a mage, not a warrior. I jumped in and slammed my ax into the tree trunk. I wrenched it free and slammed in again.

The branch swung at me.

You don't touch Master! I do! Anni squealed. She parried it and giggled. 

I hit the trunk again, my ax cutting deep. Each time I buried into that spot, I chipped away more of the wood. I would fell this thing. Bring it down. Cally squealed, struggling to escape from the grip of the branch that held her.

Something seized my ankles. I glanced down to see the roots had wrapped around both my legs and yanked them together. I cursed as it tripped me. I fell onto my back, hitting with a grunt. The roots grew up my leg. 

Master! Anni cried and swung her sword, striking the leg holding me.

The other kicked out and struck her in the stomach, flinging my bimbo-warrior back. 

Fucker! I snarled and sat up. I raised my ax and swung.

I struck the deep gouge I had made in the side. I could just reach it. I jerked my blade free, Anni whimpering in the background. I hit it again. And again. Sap flew from the wound, golden drops splattering the ground and dripping from my ax.

Mastery sir! cried my bimbo-elf.

An arrow slammed into the treant's eye. It recoiled in pain. The roots tightened about my legs, crushing them. I gripped my ax's handle with one hand, my other squeezing about my phone. I slammed the ax into the tree hard.

I cut deeper. 

I hewed at the monster. Another arrow struck it into the other eye. The two arms, one just a stump, waved as the treant recoiled. It stepped back, dragging me with it. That just let me keep hacking away at it. I chopped at the treant.

My ax cut deeper and deeper. The treant twisted around to slam its arm down on me. I didn't care. I swung hard and cut deep. I was nearly halfway through the trunk. It swung its arm to crush me, twisting the body in the process right where I had injured it.

The trunk snapped.

The momentum broke the treant in half. The top of the tree flew over my head, spinning about, and crashed to the ground. The lower half fell backward. The roots crushing my leg relaxed. I grunted and kicked myself free as my phone beeped in my hand.

That's right! I cried, riding the high of victory. I glanced at my phone and unlocked the screen with a swipe. I had gained 4 more Magic Crystals bringing me to 19. A Level 4 monster killed. I laughed in joy. Anni, Erotha, how are you?

Ouchie, Anni whimpered.

Meany tree, groaned Erotha.

I'm finey, Master! Cally said. She bounced up and down nearby, her big boobs heaving, her bow in hand.

I kicked my legs to free myself from the roots. Above, a branch of one of the normal trees shifted. A shadow moved through it. Then, hissing like a furious alley cat, the form dropped down on me and landed on my stomach.

The air exploded from my lungs. I coughed and hacked as the figure stood on me in a crouch. Her hand grabbed my neck. Sharp claws pricked at my skin. Cat-like ears thrust up from her black hair, twitching, while slitted, green eyes stared down at me in hatred.

It was the catgirl from the inn. The one that left the common room in disgust.

The ground cover, a mix of clover and grass, came alive and seized my arms and legs. She was controlling the plants. The treant suddenly made so much sense. She must be some sort of druid, but why was she attacking me?

I had to bimbofy her, but... it took 27 Magic Crystals to add a fourth bimbo to the party. I could turn her into a normal one. Then I noticed an icon on the bottom of the status screen that was flashing. My thumb touched it.

I won't let you corrupt any more women, slaver! the catgirl hissed, her ears twitching. Her fingernails bit into my throat. 

It was the daily spin for Magic Crystals. It was after midnight. My phone said it was 12:07 AM now. I hit the button. The numbers started spinning. Lights flashed. The catgirl glanced at the phone and hissed.

Let that go or I'll rip out your throat! she snarled, her vines tightening around my body.

I tapped the screen and stopped the spin, my throat throbbing. I gained 10 Magic Crystals with the spin. That gave me 29. I gasped in delight as I aimed the front of my phone at her. Would the app use both cameras?

Yes, the catgirl's face appeared.

Stop it! she snarled and dug her claws deeper. Blood flowed. I was about to die.

Bimbofy Mint And Add Her to the Party? 

I slammed my thumb into the YES button.

Mint the Catgirl yowled in surprise. For a heartbeat, her claws dug into my throat, but then she was ripped off me to hang in the air, the purple light glowing at her feet. I had a good look at her for the first time.

She was a petite thing in a pair of leather pants, her feet left bare. She had dainty toes with claws on them. She wore a linen shirt that hung baggy on her, making it hard to see how big her breasts were, but they seemed small. Almost as if she were flat. Around her neck was a cord that a pouch hung from. It bulged.

Her fetish bag, maybe?

Then the light started working up her body. 

Her leather pants became tight-fitting pair of hot pants, shorts so small and tight they hugged her little ass and left a delicious cameltoe on display. The magic dissolved her shirt, leaving her flat stomach pale. Her tail swished behind her, a green bow appearing at the end. She might have had no tits before, but now she had a nice pair of round tits barely covered by a bra made of two oak leaves that hugged her boobs. The talisman swinging around her neck became a tight-fitting choker with a little pouch hanging from it. Her ears prickled while the hatred in her eyes was replaced by something better.

Empty-headed lust.

A loud and affectionate purr rose in her throat. She landed straddling me, crouching low like a cat. She nuzzled against my cheek, her ear twitching. She was like a cat nuzzling against her owner. I smiled at that as I stroked her black hair.

Mint, what a cute bimbo-kitty you make, I said, the pain throbbing in my throat.

Purrrrr, Master, Mint cooed, I'm your cutie bimboy-kittycat. Yay! Ooh, ooh, but you're all hurty!

She kissed me. Suddenly, warmth flooded through me. Her kiss felt so rejuvenating. The pain in my throat faded. As did the ache at the top of my head. Her tongue thrust into my mouth, dancing with mine, as her purr kept rumbling from her throat.

She broke the kiss. There, all goody better!

Yeah, I said. Can you do that for the others? Anni and Erotha are hurt.v
I can, Master! Mint beamed at me, her tail swishing behind her. Who're they?

I pointed to Anni who was rubbing at her belly and Erotha who lay on her back nearby. Those two. Go give them that same kiss.

Okey-dokey! Mint scampered off me, her hot pants clinging to her rump. Her tail thrust just above those low-riding shorts. Damn, she was cute. Especially with the puffy folds of her pussy on display. What a cameltoe.

I looked at Mint's status in the App. She was a Level 1 Druid. She had the Rejuvenating Kiss ability. The description read: Kiss regens party member's health.

I rubbed at my neck, the warmth still washing through me. I could feel the wounds slowly knitting up. So she had a Healing over Time (HoT) ability. That was very druid. I was glad to have a healer in the party. That Treant hit hard. Real hard.

Then I noticed something else. We were almost to Level 2. Or, I was. My bimbos didn't seem to have any level. Would they share mine? I hoped so. Tomorrow would be a really interesting day. I couldn't wait for it.

Mint planted a Rejuvenating Kiss on Erotha then on Anni. They both shuddered as the magic washed over them. That was good to see. I wanted them to be fully healed. I hoped that all the damage they had taken would be repaired by it.

Minty! Cally said. Ooh, ooh, that's you! Yay!

Calisal... Calisalal... Calisalalalala! Minty stamped her foot. I can't say your name!

Call her Cally, I said. That's easier. 

Cally! Cally! I was trying to savey you and now I'm a bimboy-slut, too! Yay!

Yay! My elf and catgirl flew together and embraced. They were kissing with passion. Were they lovers before? They clearly knew each other. Maybe this was just how bimbos acted. No, that was definitely how bimbos acted.

They were grinding together. I watched them before I headed back for the tent, my dick so hard. I dropped off my ax and grabbed my flail. I had to deal with that naughty catgirl. She tried to kill me. She had to be punished for that.

Cally, stop making out with Mint, I said. She was bad.

Cally broke the kiss with my catgirl and gasped, Baddie? Oh, noes, what did you do, Mint.
I don't know, Mint said, her tail swishing behind her. How was I baddie, Master?

Sent the treant to attack us, I said. And you dropped down from the tree and tried to rip out my throat.

I'm sowry, Master, said mint. She crouched down on all four and scampered to me. She squatted there and rubbed her cheek against the tip of my cock, purring. I was all smarty and confusedy and thought you were evilly because I was a meanie bitchy. But now I'm a goody dummy, Master!

She's so dummy, like me, Master! Cally said, grinning at me. She won't be baddie ever never ever again!

Doesn't change the fact she has to be punished. I glanced at the log that was by the fire. We'd used it as a seat before going to bed. Bend over the log, Mint. Cally, pull down her hot pants and expose her ass. I have to spank her.

Yes, Master, both the bimbo-catgirl and bimbo-elf said together.

Baddie girls have to be spankied, said Erotha, nodding solemnly. Well, as solemnly as an airhead with huge knockers could. She moved her dildo down her shaved pubic mound to the folds of her pussy. She thrust them into her cunt. 

Yesy, they do, Anni added. Whipy her naughty ass and make her learny her lesson!

I loved hearing those words. I smiled from ear to ear as Mint bent over the log. She had that cute ass aimed right at me. Cally then knelt beside her friend and tugged down those short shorts. She had to practically peel them off that peach rump, exposing a bald muff with a tight, virginal slit.

She had a beautiful pussy. I would love to fuck her, but she had to be punished. Cally glanced up at me, her ears twitching. She rubbed across her bimbo-friend's rump. I could see her wanting to beg me to stop, but she was a good girl.

I drew back my flail and slapped the leather tails down on my bimbo-catgirl's rump.

THWACK!

She gasped at the stinging impact, her cat ears twitching and tail slashing the air above her wedding rump. She had such pale skin. I loved the look as I drew back my flogger, ready to teach her a lesson. Not that she would ever attack me again. She was my bimbo-druid.

THWACK!

Master! Master! yowled the cat girl as she shuddered on the log. I'll be goody! I promise!

You do, huh? I asked and drew back my flogger.

THWACK!

And how will you be good? I asked, her tail shooting straight up and her reddened ass clenching tight. Pussy cream dripped from her tight slit, a tart aroma filling the air. Delicious.

I'll sucky on your cock and you can fucky my virgin pussy and do all sorts of naughty thingies to me and I'll love them and love you and be a goody bimbo-kittycat and not do anything ever that's wrongy again!

THWACK!

Master! she yelped as I couldn't resist spanking her again.

Virgin, huh? I said, staring down at her pussy. Never had a cock in your cunt.

No, no, I was a lezziebean, she said. I liked lickying girls beans. Their clitties.

She was so goody at lickying my lezzie bean, Cally said and slid her hands down to her shaved pussy. She rubbed at her clit. My bean needs some lickying.

She'll get to lick you again, I promised, but right now, she's being punished.

THWACK!

Cally jumped while Mint yowled. My dick was so hard. I wanted to fuck her virgin pussy, but she needed to be punished more. That asshole must be tight and virginal, too. I grinned from ear to ear as I slid the tails of my flogger over her rump.

So you're going to be a good bimbo-kitty? I asked.

She nodded, her ears twitching. Yesy siry, Mastery sir! Her tail swished back and forth. You can do any thingie to me.

Like fuck you in the ass? I asked, sinking to my knees and slapping my dick on her hot ass.

Oh, yesy yes! Her head perked up. She threw a look over her shoulder, tears beading in her eyelashes. I would lovey that oh, so muchy much. I've never done analy thingies before, but I just wanna do such hottie thingies with you! I wanna make you happy and be a good kittycat and not a bad kittycat.

That's what I want to hear, I said and pressed my dick into her butt-crack. I slid down and found her anal sheath. I pushed against her asshole and thrust hard.

She yowled as her anal ring stretched and stretched. Erotha moaned nearby, fucking her cunt with her dildo-wand. Cally rubbed at her pussy. So did Anni. My other bimbos were all masturbating as I drilled my dick against Mint's backdoor.

Her ears twitched. Her purrs grew louder and louder. Then her asshole opened wide and swallowed my dick. I loved that sensation. I popped into her bowels. I sank into her anal sheath, savoring that wonderful delight engulfing my dick.

It was wonderful to sink my dick into her bowels. I gripped her hips, her tail rubbing across my chest. I savored her virgin asshole's tight grip around my dick. She purred so deliciously as I bottomed out in her.

Master's dick in my buttyhole, cooed the bimbo-catgirl.

That's right, I said. I couldn't resist scratching at her head between her ears. They twitched so cutely. I'm going to ass-fuck you so hard.

Master, she purred as I drew back my dick. She sounded so happy.

Her bowels clenched about my cock. She massaged me with that wonderful anal sheath. I loved that so much, savoring the feel of her about me. I buried back to the hilt in her asshole. The heat melted down my shaft to my nuts slapping into her taint.

I pumped away at her asshole. I thrust in and out of her, savoring the heat of her bowels. I wanted to have such a big climax. Just a huge burst of cum. I would love pumping blast after blast of my jizz into her bowels.

That would be an excellent moment. 

She yowled with my every thrust into her asshole. I fucked into her bowels over and over again. It was just so wonderful to pound into her again and again. She gripped my dick with her asshole. She held me tight with that delicious anal sheath.

I thrust away at her asshole. Grunting with each thrust into her anal sheath. She squeezed her hot flesh around me. She massaged me with that wonderful sheath. I pumped away at her. I pounded her asshole, my crotch smacking into her spanked rump.

Ooh, ooh, you're such a goody kittycat, whimpered Cally, her fingers rubbing at her clit. They danced over her bud. Her ears twitched. Yesy you are!

I am! I am! Mint yowled, her asshole squeezing down around my cock. 

She felt amazing on me. I loved the feel of her bowels squeezing around my dick. She massaged me with that hot flesh as I pumped away at her. I fucked her with force. I thrust to the hilt in her anal sheath again and again.

Her hips wiggled back and forth. She stirred her bowels around my cock, massaging me. I loved this treat. I hammered her asshole. It was perfect. I loved every last second of fucking her like this. She massaged my dick, swelling the pressure.

I would have a huge orgasm. Just flood my bimbo-catgirl with all my spunk. That would be a perfect thrill. I savored that wonderful heat building and building at the tip of my cock, massaged by her velvety sheath.

Shit, Mint, I groaned. Yes, yes, you're being such a good bimbo-kitty.

Thank you, Master! purred Mint, her tail rubbing at my chest. The fur felt so silky on me. Ooh, ooh, I lovey your biggie dick in my assyhole.

Me, toos! squealed Erotha. She gasped in delight, jamming her dildo-wand deep into her cunt. Her face twisted in delight. Yippee yay!

It was so naughty to see. I loved the sight as I fucked into Mint's asshole's depths. I hurtled toward my own climax as the naughty bimbo-kitty wiggled her hips back and forth. She stirred her asshole around my dick as I pumped away at her.

I slammed into her anal sheath, burying into her with hard strokes. The pressure grew and grew at the tip of my dick. I hurtled toward that wonderful climax. I would have a huge one. Just a big burst of delight erupting out of me.

You're going to get my jizz in your asshole, I growled.

Yay! Yay! Anni cheered. I lovey Master's cum in my assyhole and my pussy hole and my mouthy hole!

Yummy! Cally said, diddling her clit. You're so lucky, Mint. You're a lucky ducky bimbo!

I'm a kittycat not a ducky! Mint gasped. And I want all those cummies. Oh, Master. Yesy yes, that's so goody great. I... I... Yesy!

Her asshole convulsed around my thrusting dick. I loved the feel of her hot bowels spasming around me. She suckled at me with that delicious sheath. I groaned, enjoying the way her bowels rippling around me. The pressure built at the tip. 

I plowed to the hilt in her spasming bowels and groaned. I erupted. I fired blast after blast of hot jizz into her bowels. The pleasure slammed through me. Stars flashed across my vision as I filled her to the brim with my spunk.

Master's cummies! gasped Mint, squirming bent over the log. It's just such a goody greaty delight! Yay!

So fucking great! I growled, my dick erupting again and again into her asshole. I loved all that pleasure. It was just so good. Sparks flared across my vision as I flooded her bowels. Yes!

I pumped blast after blast of cum into her anal sheath. Her bowels suckled at me, wringing me dry. I loved every last second of this delight. It was so good. I grunted with each eruption into her bowels, savoring this delight.

Fuck, yes! I groaned as her asshole wrung me dry. Time for your next punishment. Turn around!

I ripped my dick out of her asshole. She spun around on the cart, staring at me. I grinned at her as I aimed my dick right at her face. Cally gasped, her eyes widening in delight. She whimpered, knowing what was coming.

I relaxed my bladder and pissed on the virgin bimbo-catgirl's face. I soaked the sexy druid with my urine. She closed her eyes as the pee ran over her face and soaked her lips. She thrust out her tongue, catching what she could. 

I pissed in her hair, her triangular ears twitching.

Yes, yes, you were so naughty, I growled. Now you're getting pissed on!

So lucky! whimpered Cally. She gasped and bucked, pussy cream gushing down her thighs.

I hosed down Mint with all my piss. I soaked her round tits in her leaf bra. The yellow urine spilled down her belly toward that virgin twat of hers. I enjoyed every last second of this. I pushed on my bladder, making sure I unleashed every drop.

The stream petered out after a moment. I panted, my heart pounding. I glanced at Cally. You deserve a reward for getting captured. Why don't you sit on the naughty kittycat's face and suck my dirty dick clean of her asshole.

Cally's eyes widened. Oh, Master, you're the bestiest best there is! Yay! I lovey you so much!
I winked at her.

It wasn't long before Cally was sitting on Mint, the piss-soaked catgirl lying on her back. My bimbo-elf opened her mouth wide, ready to swallow my dick fresh from Mint's asshole. I grinned at her and rammed my dick into her mouth.

I loved the feel of her soft lips sliding around my dick. She was such a sexy elf. A blonde version of Arwen. It was so hot having her sucking on my dirty cock. Her tongue swept around my rod, polishing me. 

Cally moaned, savoring the flavor of Mint's asshole.

And I savored the force of her suction. Shit, that's good, Cally.

Her ears twitched as she bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my dick. She suckled with such force on me, driving me wild with that hot mouth. She buffed my cock clean with that wanton mouth, nursing on me.

Polish that pole, bimbo! I growled.

She moaned around my dick, her blue eyes sparkling.

Yesy yes, polishy Master's pole! whimpered Anni. Ooh, ooh, polishy your wand in my pussy, Erotha!

 I glanced over to see that Erotha was fucking Anni with the dildo. She worked the shaft in and out of the busty redhead's pussy. My first bimbo moaned, her face twisting in delight. Her big boobs jiggled as she took that dildo.

Cally moaned around my cock. Beneath her, Mint purred as she feasted on that pussy. From how hard Cally suckled and the way she groaned, she was loving what the catgirl did to her. The bimbo-druid feasted on the bimbo-archer.

I loved my harem. My adventuring party.

Cally worked her mouth up and down my cock, her lips massaging my dick. Her tongue flicked around my cock, driving me wild with her sucking. She knew what she was doing. How she was driving me wild. I hurtled toward that amazing moment of climaxing.

Shit! I groaned. You're going to get a mouthful of cum.

Yummy cummies, moaned Mint, her voice muffled by Cally's pussy.

Cally whimpered louder. She must be hurtling toward her orgasm as she suckled on my dick. She nursed on me, cleaning my cock of all of Mint's asshole. The dirty elf loved that earthy flavor. She was such a whore.

Mint purred louder as she enjoyed the bimbo-elf's pussy. Anni gasped out in delight, taking the dildo-wand in her cunt. Erotha fucked her hard while Cally polished my pole. The pressure swelled at the tip. The need to cum built and built.

My nuts tightened.

I groaned, enjoying that delight. Cally knew what she was doing. She was such a great cock-sucker. So were all my women. I was just so thrilled to enjoy that hot mouth working on my dick. She drove me wild. 

Cally squealed around my dick. It was so clear that she was orgasming on Mint's lips. I loved the feel of her moans humming around my dick. The pressure at the tip hurtled toward the bursting point. There was no holding back now.

I erupted.

My cum flooded her mouth. Blast after blast of jizz fired into her mouth. It was excellent. The ecstasy swept through me as my elf swallowed my cum. She moaned as she did, grinding her snatch on Mint's mouth.

Yummy Cally juicy creamies! the bimbo-catgirl purred. 

Fuck, yes, I growled, flooding my bimbo-elf with all my jizz.

The blonde elf suckled down my cum. She looked so much like Arwen. It was like Liv Tyler was sucking down my jizz. I growled out my pleasure, the rapture slamming through my body and crashing into my mind. It felt so good.

Ooh, ooh, Erotha, that's so greaty! squealed Anni. She bucked nearby, cumming on Erotha's dildo-wand. The enchanter plunged the wand in and out of Anni's pussy as the busty human climaxed. So amazeying goody!

I loved it. I pumped the final blast of my cum into my bimbo-elf's mouth. The pleasure swept through me. A final shudder ran through my body as she kept nursing on me. She had buffed my dick clean and enjoyed every drop of my cum.

I pulled my dick out of her mouth and said, You did great, Cally. Even if you let the treant molest you.

Thank you, Master! she purred, grinning at me with cum and drool dripping down her chin. Mint made me cummies so hard, too.

I did! Mint said, her body twitching on the ground.

Then you deserve a reward, Mint, I said. Time to have that cherry popped!

Yippee yay, Master! the bimbo-catgirl squealed.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Tsunade

I entered the Warren and trembled as the council stood over me. They were all the mature women of the village, their ears drooping with age. I shuddered as I knelt before them, my bushy tail twitching behind me. They spoke for Mother while she lay ill.

What have you found, Tsunade, Elder Yuki.

I found a man with a magic device that can make Mother Usagiko young again, I said. I witnessed it return the enchantress Erotha to have the youth of a blushing maid.

That hag? Yuki asked. I thought she died a decade ago.

Now she looks as young and vibrant as an eighteen-year-old maiden, I said. This is what Mother Usagiko needs. Give me a team, and we shall capture this man.

Let us discuss it and return our answer, she said, a tremble racing through me.

They just had to approve.

To be continued...
