Our adventure continues as our guy has another business trip to make.  Things dont go as planned but sometimes that makes the trip all the better.

Mb sex anal

	It was the longest two months of my life.  Not a single day went by where I didnt think of Lexy, the beautiful boy Id met on my last trip.
	When, after two excruciating months, my boss said I need to fly back to L.A. to go over the accounts of our satellite office, it was all I could do to keep myself from leaping for joy.
	I could barely think through the packing, the flight and the two days I had to be at the office working.  My mind kept wandering to the piece of paper in my pocket and the number on it.  All I wanted to do was call it and see him again.
	As the day came to a close on my last day of work in L.A., I hurried back to my hotel and called the number as soon as I got to my room.
	Hello? A woman answered.
	Hello, this is Mr. Sloan, I said.
	Ah! Mr. Sloan, welcome back to Los Angeles.  How can we help you this time?
	Id like to know if Lexy would be available tonight. I said.
	Let me check and see, she said.  
	I sat and waited, holding my breath, hoping with every fiber of my being shed come back with a yes.
	Im sorry, Mr. Sloan, but Lexy is out on a weekend trip, she said, crushing my hopes.  
	Oh, I managed to say.
	Im sorry, Mr. Sloan.  Perhaps there is another way we can accommodate you, she said.
	How? I asked, not trying to hide the bitter disappointment in my voice.  Lexy was all I could think about and all I wanted and now I was going to miss him.
	Well, she said, we have several other boys available that are on call and meet your requirements.  We could send another in Lexys place.
	Another would not be Lexy.  It would just be some pale imitation.  I sat there thinking it over.  I couldnt see the one I wanted.  I should just hang up and go get a drink.
	Mr. Sloan, I know youre upset with Lexy not being available but our boys are all well trained in both pleasure and fantasy.  I know for a fact that any one of them could bring a smile to you face and meet any expectation you have.
	I mulled that over a little and a thought occurred to me.  There was another fantasy I had that Lexy might not be right for.
	Are any of the blond? I asked.
	Yes, they are, she said.
	We talked for a little while longer and I explained in detail what I wanted.  After listening to my list of requests, she said, I think we have the perfect boy for you.  His names Brooke and he is available right now.
	We set up the time and I paid the bill.  Now all I had to do was wait.

*****

	At promptly 6:30, I went downstairs to wait for Brooke.  I sat in the lobby and pretended to page through the paper while I stared at the door.
	Finally, a woman and her daughter walked into the lobby and, right away, I knew this was Brooke.
	Where Lexy had been gorgeous, Brooke was an angel.  I looked him up and down and was speechless from his beauty.  He was wearing white shoes with white stockings.  He had a blue plaid skirt on with a white button up shirt.  It was the most beautiful schoolgirl outfit I had ever seen on the most beautiful person I had ever laid eyes on.
	Brookes eyes wandered the lobby until they fell on me.  As soon as they did, his whole face lit up in a huge smile.
	Daddy! He yelled and ran across the lobby.
	He leapt into my arms and planted soft kisses all over my face.  To everyone watching it was a father and daughter reunion.  To me it was a slice of Heaven.
	I held him for a minute longer before letting him go and saying, Honey, Ive missed you so much.
	Me too, Daddy, he said.  Are we going to go out to dinner now?  I am SO hungry!
	Sure, I said.  I just have to talk to this nice lady and then well be on our way.
	I walked over to Brookes handler and she handed me Brookes overnight bag.
	Ill be here at ten tomorrow morning.  Please have her downstairs waiting, she said.
	Of course, I said.
	She nodded once at me and then at Brooke before heading back out the door.  With her gone, I turned to Brooke, and said, Lets have the bell desk take your stuff upstairs and then well go.
	Okay! He said, grabbing my hand that wasnt holding his bag and walking with me to the bell desk.
	I handed the bag over to the woman behind the desk and asked her to take it up to my room.  She nodded and, looking over at Brooke, smiled and said, She is gorgeous!  You can so tell shes your daughter.  She has your eyes and nose.
	Brooke laughed and said, Thats why Im so pretty, I look like my Daddy!
	I laughed and led Brooke out of the hotel.  We took a taxi downtown to the restaurant I had made reservations at.  It was so amazing to watch her looking everywhere, wanting to see it all.
	We sat down and I already knew what I wanted so I didnt bother looking at the menu.  I just sat and enjoyed watching Brooke look at his menu.  After a few minutes of looking, he started to frown and looked over the menu at me.
	Is something wrong? I asked.
	Its all kinda expensive.  What can I order? He asked.
	I laughed and said, Anything you want! Nothing is too good for you.
	He stared at me for a minute, a very calculating look coming into his eyes.  Are you playing with me?
	I wiped the smile off of my face and met his eyes.  No, Im not playing.  Tonight is all about enjoying things and I want you to enjoy yourself.
	He continued to appraise me, his light blue eyes boring into me, trying to see if I was real or not.  
	Youre not going to be mad at me? He asked.
	No! I said, surprised at his reaction.  Why would I get mad?
	He looked around and leaned closer to the table.  In a whisper, he said, Some guys take it out on you if you do something they dont like.  I just want to know if I do something wrong how much youre going to take it out on me.
	I was blown away by what he said.  How could anyone ever hurt such a precious creature as him?  
	Brooke, I swear to you all I want is dinner and then to spend time with you.  No matter what happens all you have to do is say stop and its over.
	He tilted his head to the side, a surprised look on his face.  Youre serious?  Youre not going to hurt me?
	Never! I said.  And if anyone tried, Id kick their fucking ass!
	His look of surprise turned to a genuine smile.  He rubbed a finger under his eye, wiping away a single tear.
	Ive never met anyone like you, he said.  Youre so nice and sweet.
	I smiled and said, And you are an angel.
	He smiled and the waiter arrived, ending the moment.  We had dinner and Brooke spent the rest of the dinner jabbering away like the thirteen year old girl he was pretending to be.  We finished dinner and headed back to the hotel, both of us more relaxed and simply enjoying each others company.
	When we got to the room, Brooke walked in and stopped.
	Uh oh, Daddy, he said.  Theres only one bed.
	I looked up and asked, Is that going to be okay?
	He laughed and said, It might be a little weird sleeping in bed with my Daddy.  Its been a while since I did that!
	Too long, I said.
	He grinned and said, We should get ready for bed and then watch TV.  We could cuddle just like old times!
	I agreed and he slipped off his shoes.  He sat on the bed and started to unbutton his shirt.
	Are you okay with undressing in front of me? I asked.
	He laughed and said, Daddy, its not like I have anything you havent seen before!
	Well, as long as youre okay with it, I said.
	He stopped and looked at me for a moment.  A smile lit up his face and eyes.
	Im okay with it.  I promise.
	He unbuttoned his shirt and slipped it off; exposing the creamy white skin of his stomach and the small training bra he was wearing.  He stood up and unzipped the back of his skirt, letting it fall to the floor and giving me my first side of his pantyhose clad legs and silky white underwear.  He sat back on the bed and rolled the pantyhose off of his smooth, hairless legs.  Finally, he crawled onto the bed and looked over at me.
	Arent you going to join me, Daddy? He asked.
	I kicked my shoes off and sat on the chair next to the bed to pull off my socks.  I stood back up and unbuttoned my shirt, noticing that his eyes were on me, watching my every move.  With my shirt off, I unbuttoned my pants and slid them down, leaving me in only my boxers.
	Daddy! Brooke gasped.
	I looked up at him and saw him pointing at me.  I looked down and saw the very obvious bulge my hard cock was putting in my boxers.
	Oops! I said.  Sorry, honey.
	I reached for my pants and he said, Wait!
	I stopped and looked back over at him.
	You dont have to put those back on, he said.  It just surprised me how big you are.  Is it always that big?
	Honey, this isnt a conversation daddies and daughters should have, I said.
	But, Daddy! He pleaded.
	I sighed and said, No, its not always this big.
	Is it because of me?  Because Im so pretty? He asked, grinning at me.
	Brooke! I said.
	Daddy! He replied.  Tell me!
	I stood there for a moment enjoying the game, especially with this beautiful angel.
	Okay, okay, yes, its because youre so pretty, I said.
	He giggled and said, I knew it!
	I walked over to the bed but he slid across it, blocking me from getting on.  He looked up at me and asked, Can I see it?
	Brooke! I yelled. No!  Youre my daughter; I cant just show you it!
	Please, Daddy! He pleaded.  I wont say a word! Cross my heart and hope to die!
	Not a chance! I said, trying to step away but Brooke had other ideas.  
	He lunged forward and grabbed my boxers.  He managed to slip off the bed in the process, falling to the floor as he yanked down my boxers.  I staggered back, only keeping my balance by stepping out of my boxers and standing nude before him
	He laid on the floor, staring up at my cock and said, Wow! Its huge!
	I pretended to be mad and said, Okay, youve seen it, now give me back my boxers.
	He got to his feet, my boxers in his hand and asked, What if I dont?
	Brooke, you do what I say right this second or I will turn you over my knee!
	Youll have to catch me first! He said, running to the other side of the bed.  I chased after him and he quickly crawled across the bed.  The second time he tried to go over the bed, I dove onto the bed, tackling him.
	We wrestled for the boxers and I felt my cock rubbing against him, making my need for him begin to grow with every touch.
	I managed to get the boxers away from him just in time for his small hands to wrap around my cock.  
	I gasped and froze, lying on my side next to him, staring at his shining blue eyes.
	That didnt hurt, did it, Daddy? He asked.
	No, I managed to say, but you shouldnt be touching it.  Its not right.
	I just wanted to see how it felt, he said.  Does it make you feel good when I touch it?
	Yes, I admitted.  But we should be doing this.  Its not right for a daddy and his little girl.
	But I want to! He said.  I love you, Daddy, and I want to make you feel good.
	He stroked his hands up and down my hard cock as we spoke.  I let out a low moan of pleasure.  After hearing Lexy wasnt available, Id never dreamed that I could feel as good as Brooke was making me feel.  
	I looked down at his beautiful face as he stoked me.  I reached out and ran my fingers through his golden hair.
	You make me feel wonderful, baby, I said.
	He let go of my cock and slid closer to me.  He brought his face to mine and planted a soft kiss on my lips.  He pulled back a little and met my eyes.  We stared at each other for along moment before he leaned in and kissed me again.
	Our lips touched and our mouths opened.  Our tongues touched, slowly, tentatively, at first, then, as out kiss lingered, its passion grew.  I pulled him against me as we kissed, feeling the heat of his small body.
	I laid him on his back as we kissed and I felt my cock rub against his leg.  I let out a moan and ground myself against him, feeling the wonderful smoothness of his skin.
	I pulled away from him and hooked my fingers under his training bra.  He lifted up long enough for me to pull it up over his head.  I tossed it aside and let my eyes wander his creamy skin.  My eyes lingered on his tiny, pink nipples before I looked back up at his face.
	Do I have pretty little nips, Daddy? He asked, rubbing his fingers over the little nubs of his nipples.
	Theyre perfect like the rest of you, I said.
	I leaned forward and kissed his nipple.  I flicked my tongue against it, reveling in the sound of his little moans of pleasure.  I played with his other nipple before kissing my way down his flat little tummy.  I kissed my way down onto his thigh before hooking my fingers under his panties.
	He watched me intently as I pulled down his panties, exposing his hard little cock.  He was smaller than Lexy had been but I didnt care.  All I cared about was the feel of this wonderful gift named Brooke.
	I slipped off his panties and then began kissing his thigh again. I kissed my way higher and, watching his face, I kissed his cock.  
	His whole body shuddered and his eyes went wide.  He body shook and he gasped with every kiss I planted on him.  I reached the head of his small cock and took it into my mouth.
	He grabbed my hair and let out a high pitched moan.  I slid the length of his cock into my mouth, rubbing my tongue against the underside and listening to the sounds of pleasure he made.
	Daddy, stop! He gasped, pulling at my hair.
	I pulled away and asked, What is it?
	I want to kiss you like youre kissing me, he said.
	I leaned close and gave him a long, lingering kiss before lying on my back.  He crawled between my legs and, watching me, took a hold of my hard cock.  My cock jumped under his touch and he grinned at me.
	He bent forward and licked his way around the head of my cock.  He licked his way to the base and it was all I could do to keep from screaming in pleasure.
	He stroked my cock while he kissed and sucked on my balls.  
	Am I doing okay? He asked.
	Youre doing perfect, I said.
	He kissed his way back up my shaft and then onto the head of my cock.  He slid the head of my cock into his tiny mouth and sucked at it.  He could barely fit more than the head into his mouth but that was all he needed.
	This time I pulled him away and said, Kiss me again, baby.
	He crawled up to me and we kissed deeply.  I ran my hand down his back and onto his firm little ass.  I rubbed each of his ass cheeks before sliding my fingers along the crack of his ass.
	He let out a loud moan and broke our kiss.  He pulled at my arm and I let him pull my fingers to his face.  He kissed my index finger up and down before sliding it into his mouth.  He suckled at my index fingers, making it very wet, while I watched in growing excitement.
	He slid my finger out of mouth and said, I want to feel you inside me, Daddy.
	I licked my lips and asked, What do I do?
	Slowly.  Just go slowly and itll be okay, he said.
	I pulled him close and slid my hand back down to his ass.  I slipped my wet finger between his cheeks and rubbed at his anus.  He moaned and grabbed my cock.  We moaned together as I probed at his ass and he squeezed my cock.
	I put a little pressure on his anus and felt the tip of my finger slip into him.  He gasped and squeezed my cock hard.
	Yes, he moaned.  Just like that.
	With slow movements, I pulled my finger in and out of his ass, pushing just a little deeper each time.  It didnt take long before my finger was buried deep in his ass.  He ground himself against my finger, squeezing it with his tight little ass.
	He stopped and said, Stop for a second.  I need something.
	Reluctantly, I slipped my finger out of him and he got off the bed.  He went to his bad and yanked it open.  From inside he pulled a tube of lubricant.  He came back to the bed, twisted off the cap and dribbled some lubricant onto my index and middle fingers.
	Rub it in, he said.
	I rubbed the lubricant all over my two fingers and then looked at him.  He got back on the bed and lay on his stomach.
	Go slow again but you have to get in deep, he said.
	I sat next to him and pushed my two fingers against his anus.  It took a little longer but I managed to get my fingers to slide in and out of him easily.
	I think Im ready, Daddy, he said.
	Ready for what, dear? I asked.
	He smiled over his shoulder at me and said, Ready for you to make love to me.
	What do I do? I asked.
	He had me get the lubricant and rub it all over my cock.  He watched me as I rubbed my cock and licked his lips longingly.
	With my cock ready I laid down on top of him, pressing the head of my cock between his cheeks and against his warm, wet little ass.  I pushed forward slowly, feeling how tight his ass still was against the tip of my cock made me want to scream with delight.
	My cock pushed steadily deeper with each thrust.  I felt the head of my cock slip into him and he let out a long groan.  I pushed in more and more, until my cock was halfway into him.
	He stopped me again and I slid out of him.  He lay on the bed for a moment, catching his breath before he turned over.
	He had me get onto the bed with him.  I sat and he got into my lap.  He wrapped his arms around my shoulders and held me as he eased down onto my cock.  His tight ass gripped my cock as he rode me, sliding me just a little deeper each time.
	He rode me, gasping with each thrust of my cock into his ass.  I stared into his eyes, seeing my pleasure mirrored there as we made love.  He let go of my shoulder with one arm and gripped his cock.
	I watched him stroke his cock as I pushed my cock deep into his little ass.  It wasnt long before his breathing grew faster and faster.  He stroked himself hard and moaned, Yes, Daddy.  Love me, Daddy.  Love me!
	He threw back his head and cried out as he came.  His cum exploded out of his cock, splashing against his stomach and mine.
	As he came, his ass clenched down on my cock and I could feel my orgasm closing in. 
	Baby, Im gonna cum, I whispered.
	Do it, Daddy.  Cum in me.  I want to see your face when you cum in your little girl, he said.
	His words, his smell, his feel all combined to bring my orgasm crashing down on me.  My cock spasmed in his ass and I felt load after load pour into him.  He held me close, whispering, I love you, Daddy.  I love you so much.
	My cock shuddered a few more times and then was still inside his wonderful body.  He got out of my lap, another thrill of pleasure running through me as my cock slid out of his ass.
	He knelt in front of me and I saw tears running down his cheeks.  Horrified at the thought that I might have hurt him, I asked, Brooke, whats wrong? Did I hurt you?
	He put his hands on my face and, staring deep into my eyes, he said, No, no, no!  You could never hurt me, Daddy.  Im happy.  Im so happy right now.  Youre so gentle and loving. Ive never been loved like that and it was amazing.
	I pulled him into my arms and held him.  How had I gotten so lucky to have another perfect experience with another perfect boy?
	After his tears had dried up we kissed a couple of times before Brooke asked if we could shower off.  We showered together, touching and teasing the whole time.  When it felt like we were going to turn into prunes we both came back to the bed.
	We crawled under the covers and cuddled closed.  We held each other, talking, laughing, kissing and loving until Brooke feel into a still sleep.
	I knew in the morning hed be gone from my life but, for right now, he was mine and I held him tight and loved him.

