Author: Pescador del Valle
Title: Boy Meets Girl Meets Girl
Part: Chapter 23 of 25
Universe: PdV's Boy Meets Girl Meets Girl
Summary: A romantic view of the unusual erotic encounters
         of three older teenagers
Keywords: Ff, F-solo, voy
Language: English
Copyright: 2003

*********************************************
*                 WARNING!                  *
* This text file contains sexually explicit *
* material. If you do not wish to read this *
* type of literature, or you are under age, *
*      PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!      *
*********************************************

Comments appreciated : 
  see Pescador del Valle on www.asstr.org/authors.html
*********************************************************
Cilla, Sonia and I had been involved in an unlikely and 
highly erotic three-way relationship for almost a year.

*********************************************

Sonia didn't know quite how to explain to her mother.

She agreed with the decision, 
and she could see the advantages of it, 
and it was close by,
and would also benefit from it, more so in the long run,
and wasn't really jealous - more envious,
and ...,
and ...

BUT, ...

It was Cilla and I that were moving into the unit 
together.
It was Cilla and I that would be setting up house - all 
domesticated together - cooking, cleaning, washing.
It was Cilla and I that could cuddle every night.
It was Cilla and I that would wake up together.
It was Cilla and I that could fuck whenever we wanted.

Sonia KNEW we wouldn't exclude her.
That she would be there whenever she could.
That we would have more opportunities in the privacy of 
our own home.
That we both loved her and would continue to love her.

BUT, ...

She had to spend her days at a school where I was no 
longer present.
She had to come home to her mother's house each day.
She had to sleep in her own lonely bed each night.
She had to worry that Cilla and I would become closer and 
she would eventually lose both of us.

And so she cried.  And moped.  And cried.

And finally Diane asked her daughter what was the matter.

"Nothing" was obviously not the case.

Sonia had been quieter for about a fortnight.  There had 
been the occasional sniffle with eye wiping and nose 
blowing but Diane had thought that a slight cold or a 
touch of hay fever had been to blame and hadn't worried 
until Sonia came home from work on Thursday night and had 
gone straight to her room where she closed the door 
rather noisily and began crying.

Diane knew I was going to be away for the weekend and 
thought Sonia may have had a fight with me before I left.
She had let it go rather then adding unwanted pressure to 
her daughter but after a long evening and a disturbed 
morning of on and off waterworks she decided a 
confrontation was needed when Sonia started again that 
evening.

"It's not nothing.  You're obviously upset about 
something and we need to talk.  We have been able to 
discuss things in the past haven't we?"

Sonia remained silent.

"Have you had a fight with Glyn?  Or are you in some kind 
of trouble?"

Diane was not sure whether her daughter was sexually 
active.  She knew Sonia was smitten with me but we always 
seemed to have Cilla around and she couldn't see how 
Sonia and I could have got up to much.  But she 
remembered her own youth, with some fondness, even if it 
didn't help her peace of mind.

"No we haven't fought and I'm NOT in trouble.  It's just 
..."

Diane let her daughter find her own words.

"Glyn and Cilla are getting a unit together just over the 
highway."

"Oh"

Diane thought she understood.  Unrequited love!  She put 
her arm around her daughter's shoulders as they sat 
together on Sonia's bed.

"I know it's hard when someone you love loves someone 
else.  And I know it's not much help to hear that you 
WILL get over the loss and find someone else eventually."

"It's not that, Mum.  I have known Glyn loves Cilla for a 
long time.  That's not the problem.  He loves me too and 
I can't be with them."

Diane was a little stunned.  If Glyn loved her daughter 
how could he love Cilla?  Did Sonia misunderstand his 
feelings for her?  Were Glyn and Cilla only sharing a 
unit rather than living together as she had supposed?

"I don't understand."

"We're, well, we're together, Mum; the three of us."

Diane was now more than a little stunned.  Glyn and Cilla 
AND Glyn and Sonia.  Not what she expected by any means.

"How do you mean 'together'?  Are you both having sex 
with him?"

"Not exactly."  Sonia paused trying to say it properly.
"Like I said, we are together.  Not two pairs, three of 
us."

The implication of her daughter's statement sunk in.  
Diane sat back to look directly at Sonia.

"You mean you and Cilla?"

"Yes Mum.  I love Glyn and I love Cilla, Cilla loves Glyn 
and Cilla loves me, Glyn loves both of us.  It's not just 
the sex, although, and it's a bit hard to say this to my 
own mother, the sex has been fantastic, we just, well, 
belong together.  Almost everything we do has been 
together and now ..."

She started to cry again.

Diane really didn't know what to say.  It was lucky the 
Richter scale was open ended - she didn't think it could 
have measured the shock otherwise.

She had been prepared to discuss her daughter's sex life 
with her if that had been necessary but the issues she 
thought of were in the realm of peer pressure, missed 
periods, teen pregnancy, infidelity, break ups and even 
STDs.

Knowing how her daughter treated me she hadn't 
contemplated lesbian activities on the list of topics and 
now she couldn't even decide in her own mind how to 
describe the relationship.

"So how long have you been 'together'?"

Sonia wiped her eyes as she thought back.  "Do you 
remember when you first met Glyn here?"

"That long ago?"  Diane thought it must have been almost 
a year.  Her little girl!

"About then."

Diane decided to accept that for the moment and move on.

"So If you all love each other what has got you so 
upset?"

"Oh I don't know.  It's just they'll be together and I'll 
become a visitor in their home.  I'll just be lonely here 
thinking of them together while I'm alone."

"Have they said anything to indicate you won't be welcome 
or that they want to change things?"

Caught in a dilemma between supporting her daughter's 
choices and wishing her as far away from this abnormal 
situation as possible, Diane was having trouble choosing 
the right words as well.

"No.  They want me to join them.  They would like me to 
be with them now but they understand I have to finish 
school first."

"Well that's only a couple of months away."

"I know."

"But you do have to consider university."

"I know Mum.  I want to get my accounting qualifications.
That's why I'm unhappy.  I don't know when I can join 
them and I don't want to become an outsider."

Diane didn't really know what to make of her daughter's 
relationship.  She remembered the give and take of her 
own marriage before her husband had died.  How each 
partner made different, though not always equal, 
contributions to the marriage.  How you could be 
infuriated with your partner at one time and never want 
to be apart from him at another.  How you had your ups 
and downs but the love you shared kept you together and 
made it all worth while.

But three people?  When you were fighting with one did 
the other take sides?  Did they mediate?  Did they try to 
keep out of the way?

Was it easier to resolve issues when there was a casting 
vote?  What happened when there was a three way split?

And then the sex.

She had seen her share of porn movies.  She understood 
mentally, if not yet emotionally (Cilla and her 
daughter!), what two women could do together and what 
could happen in a threesome.  But what happened on a day 
to day basis.

Did they have separate beds and meet for sex?
Did they take turns in the double bed?
Did they share a common bed?
What happened when one person was too tired and just 
wanted to sleep?  Did the others go elsewhere?

Questions and images kept forming in Diane's mind.  She 
"saw" her daughter in various combinations and activities 
that she didn't really want to contemplate.

You don't really want to know about the sex lives of your 
parents or your children in that detail.

Yes, you accepted that kids grew up, met someone (often 
of the opposite sex) and eventually started fucking.  You 
didn't think in terms of oral sex, anal sex, various 
toys, etc.  It was just a box marked "SEX" that you left 
closed.

Except now her daughter's box had been opened slightly to 
give a peek at the contents and she kept wondering about 
what else was in there.

Pandora had nothing on Sonia for causing havoc!

The worst part for Diane as a mother was she felt her own 
pussy dampening as the thoughts were flashing through her 
brain.

"I'm not sure it's the right thing for me to encourage 
you in this", she said eventually, "but you three have 
apparently managed to be comfortable, and discreet, about 
this over the last year.

"I think you are a bit young at seventeen to be jumping 
into a normal relationship let alone this one.  No, let 
me finish.  You seem to have already jumped quite a 
distance however and you don't seem to have suffered from 
it."

Sonia let her have her say without further interruption.

"I think it's important for you to finish this year in an 
environment where you can study properly.  I think that 
you would be better here at the moment."

Sonia nodded her understanding of Diane's logic.

"When you go to university - I don't expect you to miss 
out on acceptance so see you don't - it probably doesn't 
matter if you are here or there."

Sonia smile showed even in her tear-reddened eyes, "Oh, 
it wouldn't."

"Lots of students live away from home when they go to 
university, and a lot of them have lov-, boyfriends, oh 
you know.  Anyway, they graduate regardless.  I just 
don't want you to be one of the ones that doesn't."

"I want you to be serious with yourself about this.  You 
are looking at an unusual, to say the least, relationship 
which may be a distraction, and could involve you in some 
flack from other people, let alone any friction that 
could arise between the three of you."

"When you're young you think every thing will be perfect.
When I married your father I was only twenty and nothing 
was ever going to go wrong.  Over the first couple of 
years we both learned about, and more importantly how to 
live with, each other's imperfections.  Judging only on 
what I've seen, which apparently isn't that much you 
three have had a pretty easy time together.  You will 
know better than I what hassles you have had."

Sonia could only think of a couple of very minor, in 
hindsight, arguments which, though they felt bigger at 
the time, only required a kiss and make up; that was the 
best part of arguing anyway.

"If you're together full time you will have to deal with 
this and I don't really understand how having three of 
you there will affect things.  I can't say I'm happy with 
your decision but I will support you and I hope it works 
out, for all of your sakes.  And I want you specially to 
know that I love you and are proud of what you have 
accomplished so far and if you find you have to come home 
for any reason the door will always be open."

Sonia hugged her mother.  She counted.  Nine weeks.  With 
the occasional stay over she could last nine weeks and 
then we'd be together.  Forever!

She went into the bathroom to wash the tears from her 
face.  Her worries were over for now.  (She did have some 
little niggles over the next few weeks but each time she 
came to the unit and they soon vanished.)

For now she had to see Cilla.

When she was presentable again she went out to the lounge 
and spoke to her mother.

"Mum, could you not say anything to Cilla's parents just 
yet.  You've been fantastic and I know things are not 
quite, well, 'normal'.  It's just they may not be quite 
as understanding and Cilla expects to cop a bit just from 
moving in with someone before they're married."

Married!  Diane hadn't thought of that even.  She had 
looked forward to seeing her daughter walk up the aisle 
in white.  Sonia's father would no longer be by her side; 
Diane didn't know who would have filled in for her 
deceased husband but now she didn't even know whether she 
would one day be able to stand proudly as the mother of 
the bride.

"Okay dear.  You had better give me some notice when it 
does happen though.  After they have finished talking to 
Cilla I'm sure they will be straight over here to discuss 
it with me."

Ruby, Cilla's mother, shared morning coffee about once a 
week on Diane's rostered day off, taking turn about to be 
hostess.  It was going to be hard for Diane to keep quiet 
if the topic of "Glyn and Cilla" came up.  And to think 
all this time Diane and Ruby had both thought the three 
of them had only been good friends!

Sonia told her mother she was just going to see Cilla.
She closed the front door behind her and crossed the 
road.

Diane went into the bathroom and ran a hot bath.  She 
needed to relax and think things through and decided 
bubbles were a necessary luxury tonight.

While the bath filled with water and foam she went to her 
room and stripped.  Putting her old clothes into the 
laundry basket she noticed how wet panties were.

She couldn't believe how affected she had been by the 
discussion with her daughter.

It had been a while since the end of the one brief 
relationship she had had since her husband had died.  He 
was nice and had been very considerate and accomplished 
in bed but hadn't been looking for a relationship with a 
woman with a child and he had gradually cooled things 
before finally making a break with her.

With a daughter in the background it was not so easy to 
find another suitable man.  She didn't frequent bars and 
wasn't interested in dating agencies.  Most of the men 
she met through work were already tied up.

Understandable, the good ones got snapped up early.  She 
knew that this wasn't really true; many a man would find 
himself in the same situation as her.

In any case, she hadn't found it worth the extra effort 
to resume "hunting" after the last let down.

Instead she had taken care of her own needs, making a 
couple of embarrassing trips to a marital aids store 
after she had found out about the wide variety available 
from a ladies-only home demonstration evening which 
featured lingerie, creams, chocolate spreads, and a 
variety of toys which she had never imagined existed.  To 
her embarrassment and her friends delight, she won the 
door prize, an 8 inch vibrator.

When she eventually tried it out one lonely night she 
wondered how she could have missed out on this for so 
long.  That's when she went shopping.  She had even 
fantasized about me on one occasion shortly after we had 
met.

Now she just wanted her bath.  Mr Buzzy was patient and 
would wait until she wanted him.  "Unlike some men", she 
thought.

She grabbed her bathrobe and walked down the corridor to 
the bathroom, adjusted the temperature and slid under the 
bubbles.

What an evening!  Her daughter informing her that not 
only was she sexually active she was also bi-sexual and 
was soon going to be moving out into a most unusual 
household.

Diane had never been interested in another woman "that 
way".  She wasn't disgusted by same sex relationships, 
though she wasn't comfortable with the thought of gay 
anal sex and, though she had found lesbian scenes in the 
few porn movies she had seen to be somewhat stimulating 
at the time, she hadn't dwelt on them later.

Now it was different.  She knew each of the three 
participants; she would have said "extremely well" before 
tonight.

Her mind kept conjuring up images as she lay back in the 
bath.  Glyn fucking Cilla and eating Sonia; Glyn fucking 
Sonia and eating Cilla; Glyn eating Sonia who was eating 
Cilla; Glyn eating Sonia who was eating Cilla who was 
eating Glyn.  The combinations just circled through her 
brain and her hands moved to rub her soapy breasts as she 
imagined herself in such a situation, sometimes replacing 
her daughter, sometimes incestuously replacing Cilla or 
Glyn or becoming a fourth participant.

A hand slipped down between her legs.  The water removed 
some of the lubricating effect of the juices flowing from 
her aroused body but her fingers collected sufficient 
that the little lost to the water had almost no effect on 
the pleasurable sensations she derived from her digital 
manipulations.

-----

Sonia knocked on the door.  Cilla answered with a harried 
look on her face.  Checking no-one was around she gave 
Sonia a brief kiss that was returned with a quick hug.

"Hi, Lovey"

"What's up - you look as though you've been dragged 
behind a car."

"Like I said earlier, I finally told Mum and Dad tonight 
that I was moving out.  It was bad enough when their 
'little girl' was 'leaving the nest' but when I told them 
Glyn was going to be living with me it began for real."

     "We didn't raise you like that!  How long has
      this been going on?  Do you plan on getting
      married?  ARE YOU PREGNANT?  What will you
      do if you get pregnant?"

"Over and over.  When one took a breath, the other 
started.  It's been like two hours and they've only just 
stopped.  Not given up, just finally stopped from lack of 
breath."

"In the end it was all 'Fine.  Do what you want.  You are 
old enough now.  We can't stop you.'"

"So now I get a breather until I actually start packing 
and then it is sure to start all over again.  What can I 
do for you?"

Sonia's smile cut through her lover's distress.

"I have just had a pretty serious talk with my Mum.  I 
need to talk privately with you."

Cilla looked over her shoulder.

"We won't get any privacy here.  Everyone's been 
listening in for the whole time regardless of how many 
times they were told to get to bed or to clear out.  Hang 
on a second."

"Mum.  I'm just going over to Sonia's for a while."

There was a muttering in the background which seemed to 
indicate acknowledgement with no sense of approval.  
Cilla joined Sonia and they walked back to Sonia's house.

"What did you say to your mother?"

"I'll give you the details later but basically I told her 
about US - the three of us that is - and she was pretty 
cool about it.  Don't worry, she said she won't say 
anything to your parents until you say you've told them."

"Thank God for that.  At this stage the extra news would 
probably get me killed if they didn't have heart attacks 
first."

Sonia let them in.  Her mother wasn't around.

"Come down to my room."

Heading towards the bedrooms they saw a light under the 
bathroom door and heard a moan coming from inside.

"Are you alright Mum?"

There was a splash as Diane sat up with the unexpected, 
and unwelcome, interruption.

"Ye-es dear.  Just soaking for a while.  I'm all right."

Sonia led Cilla to her room and as she shut the door 
pulled her in for a hug and a demanding kiss.  When their 
mouths finally separated she put her head on Cilla's 
taller shoulder and gently nuzzled on her neck.

Cilla stood there enjoying her elfin lover's touch.  She 
cupped her ass cheeks and pulled Sonia closer.

"So how did the conversation with your mother start?"

"Come over here and I'll tell you.  You look like you 
need a cuddle."

Sonia had been feeling down for days but now it was her 
intimate friend who seemed in need of comfort.

Sonia knew her mother wouldn't come into her room without 
knocking and then being invited so she wasn't worried 
about making out with Cilla, so long as they didn't get 
noisy, but she hadn't noticed that the catch on the door 
had missed and the door has swung slightly open.

She put her pillow up against the bed head and sat 
against it with Cilla lounging between her legs and with 
her head resting on Sonia's diminutive breasts.  Sonia's 
arms went around Cilla and just held her for now.

"I was a bit upset that you and Glyn were going to be 
together all the time and I was going to be stuck here 
alone.  I love you both so much and was feeling left out.  
I know we talked about the unit together and I know I had 
a say in choosing it but I don't want to lose you."

She started crying again as she kissed the top of Cilla's 
head and hugged her to her.  Cilla turned her head up and 
kissed her cheek.

"Why didn't you say something sooner you silly idiot?  We 
don't intend to lose you either!  We'll work something 
out.  Come here."

Cilla shifted and sat on the side of the bed.  She pulled 
Sonia into her arms and kissed her hard.

Their lips locked as their mouths ground together and 
their tongues roamed back and forth as their passions 
built.

Sonia slipped her hand under the back of Cilla's top and 
moved it round to cup her breast through her bra.  It 
filled Sonia's small hand to overflowing and she kneaded 
it as Cilla moved from her mouth to her earlobe and neck.

Sonia moved her hand back and skilfully undid the bra 
with her left hand.  She carefully lifted each cup up and 
over Cilla's tits and then drew her shirt up to expose 
those wonderful mammaries.

She stretched her neck and pushed it harder against 
Cilla's hot mouth before dropping her own head to the 
nipple hovering in front of her.

This caused the pleasant sensations to cease while she 
returned the pleasure.  Cilla hugged her harder in 
appreciation of the feelings Sonia was now causing and 
she moved her hand to rest between Sonia's thighs.  She 
alternately caressed the skin and gently kneaded the 
muscle as Sonia's tongue swirled around and her mouth 
suckled wetly.

When Cilla started rubbing Sonia's pussy through her 
clothes Sonia stopped and gave her another kiss throwing 
her arm around Cilla's neck.

Cilla slipped her fingers up the legs of Sonia's shorts, 
past the edge of her knickers and into her damp hole.  
She worked one finger around making sure it, and the 
adjacent area, was slippery and then added a second one.  
When that was coated too she moved them back and forth 
along the warm slit and over Sonia's sensitive clit.

When she returned them to Sonia's cunt it was flooded!

"Please eat me."

Cilla looked into Sonia's eyes.  "I'd love too."

She sat Sonia up and stood by the side of the bed.  Her 
bra and shirt were already up above her chest so she 
discarded them before kneeling and drawing Sonia's shorts 
and underwear off.

Sonia lay back with her legs resting on her lover's 
shoulders as Cilla knelt beside the bed.

Cilla rubbed her hands over Sonia's hips and taut stomach 
before bringing them back to her legs where she wrapped 
them over the top and pressed her mouth to Sonia's hot 
wet vulva.  Sonia wriggled as Cilla's tongue plunged deep 
inside her (her tongue is long enough to touch the tip of 
her own nose) and Cilla moved her grip back to Sonia's 
hips to stop her moving away.  She wanted as much of 
those tasty juices as she could get.

Sonia's hands went up to grip her own breasts for the 
added sensation but she was frustrated by the presence of 
her clothing.  She roughly forced her t-shirt up and 
pushed her bra over her tits.

Laying on her back flattened her breasts and her A-cup 
size provided little resistance to her getting access to 
her rapidly crinkling nipples.

Cilla's mouth was working around Sonia's pussy as she 
watched her lover over the top of the fine black hair 
which covered he pubic area.  The extra stimulation on 
Sonia's clit caused her to shudder and she reached down 
to grip the side of Cilla's head.

Pulling upwards she said, "Come here.  I want to eat you 
too."

As Cilla stood and dropped her skirt and g-string Sonia 
took the opportunity to finally remove the rest of her 
own clothes before laying back in the centre of the bed.

Neither of them noticed Sonia's mother as she returned 
along the corridor on her way back to her bedroom.  She 
had just passed Sonia's door when she heard her 
daughter's voice.

"Come here.  I want to eat you too."

She hadn't realised her daughter wasn't alone.  Diane 
wouldn't have been able to say exactly why she went back 
to the crack in the door.  Curiosity probably, prurient 
interest possibly, outright lust - in her horny state - 
definitely.  

Sonia was on the bed removing her top, her naked body 
obscured by Cilla who's back was to the door.

Diane pulled her head back as Sonia swung her legs back 
on the bed and she heard the bed creak softly as another 
person lay down.

"You lay on me, you're lighter", she heard her daughter's 
lesbian - no bi - lover say.

She waited until the noises from the bed indicated they 
had settled themselves before peering again through the 
narrow opening.

Cilla lay on her back with her feet on Sonia's pillow.  
Sonia lay over the top of her with her head moving 
between Cilla's thighs.

Diane moved her hand up under her bathrobe to cup her tit 
as she surveyed the naked bodies on her daughter's bed.

Cilla's left breast was squashed against Sonia's body and 
had been pushed out to the side exposing a crinkled oval 
areola that stood out, an obvious brown against the pale 
flesh.

Their bodies moved back and forth and Sonia's head moved 
violently from side to side as her back arched and she 
shuddered.  She squeezed the leg next to her cheek to 
indicate Cilla should rest before resuming her own 
efforts to bring Cilla to orgasm as well.

Diane was getting hotter watching this.  She knew she 
should just walk down to her own room and find her 
vibrator but this was just too real and her solitary 
manipulations fell far short of the excitement of looking 
on.  That it involved her own daughter was beyond any 
consideration right at that moment.

She was rubbing a pendulous tit with one hand while 
rubbing her pussy through the front of her bath robe when 
she observed Cilla shudder in turn.  This brought her own 
orgasm to a peak and her elbow brushed the door just as 
her daughter turned her head to kiss her lover's thigh in 
thanks.

The human eye notices movements and so it was that 
Sonia's was drawn to the door and the sight of her mother 
standing there with her head back, one hand under her 
bathrobe at chest height and the other obviously buried 
between her legs.

Sonia was stunned.  She didn't know what to do or say.  
There was no point in jumping up and covering themselves; 
her mother had obviously been watching and was just as 
obviously affected.

What do you say to a parent who has got off watching you 
get off?  It's not a normal topic of conversation and she 
didn't think she wanted to try with Cilla here after 
things had seemed to be so right again.

In the second while she thought this through her mother 
shuddered as she stood outside her door, her face still 
averted.  Sonia decided to try to avoid an immediate 
confrontation and turned her face to Cilla's other thigh.

Diane's recovery was a little more abrupt than she could 
have wished as she realised that the gap in the door had 
widened.

She quickly took a step along the corridor.

"How lucky", she thought. "What if they had seen her?"

She quietly closed her own door behind her and sat on the 
bed, her head in her hands.

"Oh, my God", she moaned. "Am I some kind of pervert?  
Watching my own daughter!"

Cilla and Sonia had disengaged and Sonia was now laying 
with her head on Cilla's chest having got up and closed 
the door properly this time.

She lay there with a hand caressing Cilla's tit without 
stimulating it further as they relaxed and cuddled 
together.

"Mum suggested I join you when I finish my exams.  I had 
a look and that's nine weeks away."

"I have to sign the lease on Monday but we can't move in 
until next weekend so that's only eight weeks and you can 
spend at least a couple of nights a week there until 
then.  You'll see.  It won't be too bad."

"I'll miss you when I'm not there though."

"And I'll miss you.  We won't be having sex every night 
you know."

"I bet.  No, I know.  That's what's so important to me.
It's not just the sex.  It's like this.  Being able to 
cuddle you and Glyn whenever we want.  Not just when no-
one is around.  I wish you were able to let your parents 
know about us.  I wonder when Glyn is going to tell his?"

"He was planning to let them know when you moved in with 
us unless a convenient moment arose before then.  I think 
they have some idea something funny is going on but don't 
know exactly what."

"Anyway, that's his problem until it becomes ours.  At 
the moment I have to try and work out how to tell mine.  
They will go ballistic.  I know them.  It won't be easy."

"Do you want some immoral support?" asked Sonia, half-
jokingly.
 
"That might not be such a bad idea.  I'll have to think 
about it though.  I don't want you on the firing line 
with me; you are too precious to me."

The hugged again.

"Let's go shopping for the unit tomorrow.  You need to 
have a say in how it looks as well; you're going to be 
living there full time soon after all."

"Yeah", said Sonia.  Things looked like they may turn out 
all right after all.  Except for the issue of Diane's 
presence in the corridor.

Sonia didn't know quite how to explain to her mother.

