
Im disheartened at the foot of the stairs - trying to gather my nerve to knock on ur door - then you're behind me, sitting on the step above me, ur legs on either side of me...wrapping your arms around me tightleaning down to whisper in my ear that you'll make it better if i'll come with you.

I smiled..to my soul..  and took your hand..  being led up the stairs to your room.  Shutting the door, you told me to take my clothes off.. 
'slowly, mel, so i can enjoy it'.. blushing, I obliged.

Taking the pencil from my hair and holding it in my mouth..pulling my shirt over my head, sliding out of my levis..  unclasping my bra and letting it drop to the floor..  reaching up, i twist my hair and pull it back up..  then proceed to slide my panties down, dropping them to my ankles..  and step out of them.  

You arent even looking at my body..  as each piece of clothing falls
to your bedroom floor.. youre just gazing into my eyes..  with such
intensity..  such thought..  (its my fantasy, so give me a break on this next part, lol) you smile and your eyes well with tears..  you come closer, pulling me into u..  holding my chin..  a tear falls down my own cheek now.. and you catch it in a soft kiss..  and then cover my mouth with yours..  kissing slowly..deeply.  your hands are on my ass now..  and all over..  fingers grazing my sides..  hands cupping my tits..  

You push me against the wall and part my legs with your knee..nibbling my ear..and my neck..  and my shoulders..  mouth wide and hungry as you suck my nipples.. then proceed with an assault of soft kisses; trailing down my belly, onto my thighs..  wrapping your arms around my waist, you hold me tight..  inhaling the sweetness of my happy pussy..  

You move away slightly now and lead me to the edge of your bed..  setting me down on the very edge and kneeling before me..  guiding my legs to rest on ur shoulders, you spread me wide with your fingers and lap at my wet cunt..  slow soft tongue full and rhythmic..  stopping every so often to close your mouth over my clit and suck deeply..  

You sit upright and wipe your chin.. grinning, then slip your
middle finger inside me..  to the knuckle..  bending it in a come hither gesture and begin fucking me deeply..  you give such attention to that soft, swollen sweet spot you've bent your finger to meet..  Im soaking wet.. pulling out and back in again with 2 fingers..  the thumb of your other hand rubs my clit quickly..  

You can sense how close I am to the edge and you quicken ur pace..  my thighs begin to tremble and u purr a command.. 'cum on my hand, mel.  do it now'.  that was it.. u feel the walls of my pussy contract on ur busy fingers..  my hips bucking beneath u.. omg!  I cum warm and wet and hard in ur gifted hand.. 

You moan and ask me if I liked cumming all over ur fingers.. 'that beautiful pussy is sensitive now, huh?  I'll have to be careful not to touch it for a while..' you coo..  

With that, you guide me up on all fours..  pressing ur fingers into my ass cheeks and pulling them apart..  french kissing, for lack of
another word, my sweet little asshole..  sigh..  you stand..  and I hear you fumbling with ur belt..  "be a big girl" you whisper as you bury your hard cock in my sensitive pussy..  pushing in deep and out back out..  quickly.. knowing Im uncomfy..  and then pulling out..  

Your cock is nice and slippery now..  spitting on my ass just for good measure, you rub it in ently..  then slip another cruel finger into my pussy to slicken it too.. then push it into my ass..deep inside me..  moaning along with me..  

'Are you ready, Mel?'..  grabbing my hips, you push yourself inside my asshole slowly..  pushing with determined force until I relax around ur throbbing head..  pausing..kissing my shoulders..  then pushing deeper..  deeper still..  cooing that Im such a good girl..  and that we're being so nice to that pussy..  letting it recover from cumming so hard..  and that you love how it feels. 

Your cock now buried in my tight ass.  gripping my hips tightly, you're now fucking me hard..  loving the way my ass ripples..bouncing off of you..  ..I throw my head back and whimper loudly.. deeply..  delirious with exquisite pain..  and intense fucking pleasure.  

I grip the sheets, white knuckled..  fucking u back..  meeting each thrust of your glorious, rhythmic hips..  pounding into one another..  your balls hitting my clit perfectly each time..  its amazing..  youre amazing..  buried in my ass..  hissing obscenities at me..  

Then whispering that you love this..  you blow my goddamn mind.  you arent ready to cum yet..  now YOURE feeling too sensitive..  pulling out of my ass, admiring how it gapes..  inviting..  considering burying your face into it..  but decide you'd much rather receive than give..  

I sense your thoughts and back up and off the bed..  you sit as I pull ur jeans all the way down and off..  and push u back onto the bed..  guiding ur legs back, I stroke ur rock-hard cock with one hand as my tongue flicks the magnificent rim of your delicious asshole..I love how u nearly float off the bed.. breathing deeply as I begin to lap hungrily at you..  sucking and thrashing my head wildly..  eating you up..  starving for you..  so happy.. even my fucking nose is buried in ur ass..  

Your breath quickens and your cock jerks in my hand..  I suck deeply..  one last time..  and jump up..straddling u...sinking down onto ur hard, throbbing cock..  holding ur chest for leverage, I raise up until ur head nearly escapes my sweet pussy, then I slam back down again..  hard..  over and over..  hard, full, slow..  digging my nails into u..  biting my lip..  

So close to cumming.. so trying to be quiet..  certain everyone can hear us.. sweating and breathless..the air thick with the sounds of my ass slapping against your legs..  and the smell of our sex..  thick and musky and intoxicating..

I quicken my pace..  and u meet my motion..  moving as one..  we cum
together..  hard and loud and trembling.  
