The following is a work of fiction consisting of adult concepts and 
possibly sex.
Do not read if you are not legally permitted. I dont want the police 
on my front doorstep.
You are welcome to read but please dont distribute without my 
permission.
Feel free to make any comments to the author.
Send E-Mail to dalech33@hotmail.com

In the Meetings of the Committee Designed by a Horse
(Good for Business)


The four men sat around the large oak desk. They where men of great 
standing in the business sector. All four were the same age and had 
the same upbringing and schooling.
They were lifetime friends.
Each had grown up in the small town of Cooroy, a sleepy little hamlet 
an hour's drive north of the state capital. In high school an event 
had occurred that brought the four together. 

Her name was Marsha but the kids knew her as Horse. She was a big 
girl. Not fat but tall and broad. Her looks wereunfortunate. Some wag 
came up with the name of Horse and it stuck. Names like that often do. 
She tried to get through her life by making herself as inconspicuous 
as possible. And in truth no one really noticed her much. The jibes 
and name calling came less frequently until it was only the occasional 
eighth grader would hang his head from a passing school bus to yell 
"Hey Horse. Eaten any good hay lately?"
It was an unfortunate life for an unfortunate girl but she made her 
way the best she could.


"First item of business is the acquisition of DelCorp. Final 
transaction will be on Wednesday. I don't think there will be any 
problems with that. Kevin?"

"Thanks Joe. Quarterly projections are on track. Looks like another 
record breaking year. Let's celebrate."

"Not yet gentlemen. We still have one item of business left. Tony 
would you be so kind?"

Tony got up from the table and walked over to a wooden cabinet in the 
corner of the room. He bent down and pressed a button concealed in the 
surface.


Marsha had spent the day at the beach. It was one of the few things 
that gave her pleasure in her life. She liked to spend the whole day 
on the beach. Just swimming and walking along the sand. It was an 
atmosphere that seemed to breathe new life into her lungs. For a brief 
time she could forget about her life. And most of all she could forget 
about school. The way the other kids would treat her like dirt. Worst 
of all was the way that Aaron treated her. Or didn't treat her. Truth 
be told he totally ignored her. Which was not exactly how she wanted 
to be treated by him. Marsha had a crush on Aaron. She would often 
dream of him rescuing her from her life of misery. As she walked along 
the roadside to the bus stop she thought again of his piercing blue 
eyes. But he never so much as said hello to her. So it surprised her 
when he pulled alongside her in his panelvan.

"Hello Marsha." The sound of her name on his lips sent a thrill 
through her. She clutched her bag to her breast and smiled at him, the 
biggest, sunniest smile she could muster.

"Hi Aaron." She thought that she might just float away.

"Pretty hot out today. Do you want a lift home? There's plenty of room 
in the back."

She looked at the passenger seat and saw that his friend Tony was 
sitting there, grinning at her. She didn't like Tony. Marsha was sure 
that Tony was the one responsible for her nickname. But the chance to 
be in the same car as Aaron was just too good an opportunity to pass 
up. She almost skipped to the back of the van and pulled open the rear 
doors. Hands reached out and grabbed her by the arms. Before she had 
time to so much as yelp she was pulled into the back of the van and 
the doors where slammed shut behind her.


Tony walked back to table carrying four glasses and a bottle of French 
Champagne. He opened the bottle and poured the sparkling liquid into 
the glasses. He then handed them to his three colleges. They each took 
their glass and stood around the table. Six eyes watched Aaron as he 
lifted his glass.

"Here's to Horse, the girl who started our partnership twenty years 
ago. Wherever you are, thank you."

They raised their glasses and drank them dry in one swallow. Aaron 
placed his empty glass on the table and bent to the intercom in front 
of him.

"Miss Briggs, please send in the entertainment."

The three men tuned towards the large double doors as they opened.


Marsh stumbled along the roadside towards her home. She wasn't really 
aware of her direction, she wasn't even aware of where she was. All 
she could think of was the hands. Rough, forceful hands pulling and 
pushing her. Tearing her clothes from her body, running over her naked 
body. And the laughter. That laughter would haunt her for the rest of 
her life. It was an evil sound that told her that no amount of begging 
or pleading would help her. And the loudest laugh of all came from 
Aaron. Her heart was broken before they even started to take their 
turns with her.
She stumbled into her front yard to see her mother standing at the top 
of the steps. Marsh wanted to run to her and throw herself into her 
arms. But one look at her face told her that no sympathy would be 
found there. She slowly dragged herself up the stairs and in through 
the front door. Her mother turned to watch her as she passed and 
Marsha thought she would get to her room without any comment. But the 
stinging remark that she expected was not long in coming.

"I knew this would happen to you. What do you expect with the way you 
flaunt your body like that?"

Marsha considered retaliating but decided against it. She just wanted 
to get to the safety of her room.

"Wearing those skimpy clothes. A lady would never wear such a thing in 
public."

"Mother please. Everyone wears shorts and T-shirts. Neck to knees went 
out in the twenties."

"Don't you smart mouth me young lady. You just watch your tongue or 
you'll feel the back of my hand."

Marsha could feel something welling up in side her, something she had 
never felt before in her life. It was rage.

"If you don't mind mother I just want to go to bed," she said evenly.

"Fine, go then. I don't want to talk to a whore anyway."

"What did you call me?" Marsha was seething now. Her body trembled 
with a fire that threatened to consume her.

"You heard me. What else would you call someone that does what you 
obviously did?"

"I didn't do anything mother. I had no choice in the matter."

"You made your choice when you went out looking like that."

"I was raped for Christ's sake. They held me down and took their turns 
raping me. Do you know what that word means mother? Has it ever 
crossed your mind that people don't ask to be raped?"

"You asked for it. Dressing like that, wearing all that make-up. You 
look like a whore"

Marsha rushed at her mother and grabbed her by the lapel of her dress. 
She pushed her face against her mothers and screamed at her.

"I was Raped you fucking bitch! Can't you get that through your thick 
skull? Or do you really believe that your only daughter wanted this?" 
She looked into her mother's eyes and saw the answer to her question.

"Oh my god. You really believe I wanted this. You really think I 
wanted them to do this thing too me. My God mother, how could you? 
Your own daughter." She turned and walked to her bedroom. Her mother 
was dead to her now. She would never again admit that her mother was 
still alive.
Two weeks later she moved out of home.

 
The four men watched as the leggy blonde walked into the room. She 
wore tight shorts and a baggy T-shirt as requested and she carried a 
large leather bag under her arm. Placing the bag on the table she 
opened it and pulled out a portable CD player and placed it next to 
the bag. She reached out with one long manicured finger and pressed 
the play button. Two beautiful blue eyes scanned the occupants of the 
room, making contact with each one before moving on to the next. The 
CD player came to life and the heavy rock sounds of Kid Rock's 
Bawiddabah pounded out of the speakers. The Blonde burst into life, 
dancing with an energy that was astounding. In a matter of seconds her 
T-shirt was draped across the table to reveal a black push-up bra. She 
played to each man in the room, rubbing her breasts in their faces as 
she straddled them and dry humped their Armani suits. Aaron was the 
last to receive this attention but he was also the one to receive 
special treatment. The stripper grabbed his hands and placed them on 
the sides of her shorts. Making sure he had a good grip she pushed 
back from him, causing the specially weakened seams to give way to 
reveal a black G-string.
She waggled her finger at him in a mock naughty boy fashion then 
continued to dance to the music. 


The four boys arrived back at Aaron's home and immediately went to his 
bedroom. There was a small bar fridge in the corner and Tony went 
straight for it. He opened it and pulled out a six-pack of Fosters 
that he handed to his companions.

"Damn that was one hell of a fuck," he grinned as he drained his beer.

"Oh Christ, what did we do?" Kevin could not believe what had 
happened. He was not handling it well.

"We got you laid Kevin. You should be grateful for what we did." Tony 
placed an arm around Kevin's shoulder and looked him in the eye. "And 
don't forget, you fucked her too so don't get any ideas about telling 
anyone."

Kevin shook off Tony's arm and went to sit on the end of the bed. He 
looked at Tony with disgust then drank his beer in one gulp.

"I'm not an idiot Tony. I know I'm as sick as the rest of you bastards 
and I have no intention of sending myself to jail. But what do we do 
when she calls the cops?"

She won't," said Aaron. "She won't tell a soul about what happened. I 
know her type. But we have to stick together on this. We can't breathe 
a word of this to anyone."

He looked around the room at his friend's, holding their gaze till 
they dropped their eyes. Aaron held a certain power over the group. 
There was no doubt that he was the leader.

"Are we agreed?"

They nodded and murmured their agreement.


The blonde was dancing up a storm. Aaron thought that she was the best 
stripper they ever had in here. She was merely part of the tradition 
the foursome had developed every year on the anniversary of the event 
that brought them all together. After that fateful day they had become 
as close knit as any group of friends could. They had finished school 
together, attended university together, gotten jobs in the business 
world at the same company and, when the time was right, they had left 
to start their own company. Ten years after hitting out on their own 
they had become one of the top fifty companies in the country. And 
Aaron had no intention of stopping there. He wanted to steer this 
company to the very top. As he sipped his champagne and watched the 
stripper perform a very seductive lap dance for Kevin he thought back 
on that day in the bushland behind Noosa Junction and smiled.

"Whether you know it or not Horse, you where damned good for 
business." 


When Marsha moved out of home she had no family or friends to stay 
with. She was lucky that she made enough at her part time job working 
at the Hot Bread shop to afford a cramped caravan. It was not the best 
of accommodations but it had kept a roof over her head. She had to 
give up school to get enough hours at work but it meant she no longer 
had to see their faces so she considered it a blessing.
Then the shop closed down. She had no income and the rent was two 
weeks overdue. The last time she had eaten was two days ago. Marsha 
did the only thing she could to survive. 
He was at least twice her age and he smelled but he was gentle and 
after he left she had $100 to spend. Marsha celebrated at McDonalds, 
buying two Big Macs and a bottomless cup of coffee. When the girl 
behind the counter poured Marsha her fifth cup she asked her why she 
was drinking so much coffee.

"To get rid of the taste."

The girl watched Marsha walk back to her booth in the corner. There 
was something about that customer that seemed to radiate despair. 
Shaking her head the girl went back to work.

Marsha finished her meal then walked out into the darkness. In the 
following months she managed to make enough to move out of the caravan 
and into a small unit.


The song ended and the blonde walked over to the CD player, pressed 
the fast forward button then hit play. The crashing sounds of Korn's 
Freak on a Leash roared out of the speakers as she walked over to 
Aaron and gently guided him out of his seat. The blonde grabbed his 
tie and led him to the table like she was leading a dog on a lead. 
When they reached it she spun around and sat on the edge. Aaron found 
himself between her long legs, staring down at her ample breasts. Her 
hands reached out and played with his belt buckle. He got the idea and 
even though this was not part of the financial arrangement he was 
happy to comply. To be honest he had wanted to fuck this tart since 
she had strutted into the room. In a matter of seconds his pants where 
around his ankles. He leaned against her body as he slid into her. The 
blonde wrapped her legs around his hips and drove her ankles into his 
arse, increasing his rhythm until he was thrusting like a madman.
It was over in seconds. With a loud groan Aaron climaxed, his neck 
muscles straining and his teeth clenching in a vain effort to remain 
in control. The stripper let go of him with her legs then placed her 
hands on his chest and pushed him away. As he fell back into his chair 
Aaron realised that for the first time in a very long time he had been 
used. He watched as the blonde pointed at Joe, signaling that it was 
his turn.


When the foursome finished their schooling Marsha was making a living 
on her back. Over the years she had followed the careers of the four 
boys. She had even read an article in the Sunday paper on the newest 
company to break into the top fifty list. There was a picture of the 
four gathered around a large boardroom table drinking a toast with 
champagne. The title of the story had been 'In the Meetings of the 
Committee Designed by a Horse. The writer of the article had no idea 
what the company chairman had meant when he told him it was the name 
of the annual meeting they held at that time of the year.

Marsha understood completely.

Over the years she had her share of troublesome customers but overall 
she was lucky. Some of the girls she knew in the industry had not 
fared as well. Some had ended up in the emergency room at the local 
hospital. Some had ended up two floors down in the morgue. Marsha had 
only been severely beaten once and had sustained a broken nose but it 
had healed well and didn't affect her business. But one day she had 
been feeling poorly so she went to her doctor. He had run some tests 
and the results where not good. Marsha had full-blown AIDS. She was 
still in relatively good health but it would not last. Her doctor did 
not hold much hope but advised her of some alternative medicines that 
might help. She thanked him for his advice but she would handle it 
herself. She walked out of his office and as he watched her go he 
thought to himself that she was one very tough lady. He never saw her 
again.


Aaron watched as the stripper screwed each of his three partners. 
Every time she controlled the sex completely. Aaron suddenly realised 
that they had gone from the audience to the entertainment. It was a 
situation he was keen to rectify. As she thrust Tony away Aaron got up 
and advanced on her.

"I think this bitch has forgotten her place," he said to his partners. 
"Isn't that right slut?"

The blonde just looked at him. She wasn't the least bit intimidated.

Aaron pushed her back on the table and held her arms above her head 
with one strong hand. He failed to notice her hands reach into her 
bag. With the other he roughly squeezed her breast. He looked at her 
and was infuriated to see her just stare back at him. No fear, no 
terror, nothing. He released her arms and thrust his hand onto her 
pussy, squeezing it as hard as he could.

"Aaron I really think this is going to far." Kevin was looking on 
nervously. He was having flash backs to twenty years ago.
Aaron whirled on him.

"Shut the fuck up Kevin. I am going to teach this whore lesson she 
won't soon forget."

He turned back to her but was brought up short by a gun being thrust 
into his face. He looked past the weapon to the woman beyond.

"You haven't got the guts," he dared.

"Got to hell," she replied and pulled the trigger.


Deborah Briggs watched the stripper leave the boardroom and walk to 
the elevator. It was times like this that she was glad the room was 
sound proof. The last thing she wanted was to hear those four leeches 
celebrate their stupid anniversary. She gathered up some contracts and 
went to the door. Deborah hoped they where decent. She opened the door 
and went in.


Marsha heard the screams from the secretary as the elevator doors slid 
shut behind her. She had found it remarkably easy to kill all four of 
them. She took off the blonde wig and shoved it into her bag. The 
doors slid open to reveal the lobby. Marsha walked through the busy 
lobby to the main entrance, slipping through the crowd like a ghost. 
Without so much as a glance backward she walked out into oblivion.


Mr Slot.



