The Eager Little Sister
By Perry Jones (pounder801@gmail.com)

Note to reader: This is a continuing story.  Comments to the author are always welcomed and appreciated. PJ



	Chapter Four

	He was there.

	He was wearing his shorts and running up and down the court, dribbling the ball and shooting. There were a couple of other boys with him. Barbra climbed the bleachers about halfway and sat down, watching. She rested her chin in her hand, her eyes on her brother as he ran back and forth. Rick saw her and wave and she was pleased to be recognized by him before he wouldn't even look her way when he was playing basketball.

	Half an hour later, the other boys took off and Rick came over to her, sitting a few bleachers below her. He was sweating from the workout.

	"I've been looking all over for you." she said.

	"I've been busy today."

	"I thought..."Barbra blushed slightly. "I thought you...after last night, I thought

	"Barbra, you're my sister." He said. "I can't spend all my time with you."

	"Oh, Ricky!" she said, tears coming into her sparkling eyes. "I thought you loved me!"

	"Barbra, you're my sister." he said again. "I can't go around school with you. That would be freaky."

	"You said you wanted to...to peek at me."

	Barbra noticed the direction of his eyes. Her tears stopped and a hesitant smile started on her face. Rick was looking at her knees. He could see part way past her skirt, see the smooth creaminess of her slender thighs. Slowly, Barbra opened her knees, letting her brother gaze between them. She felt a small shiver flow through her as she sat there.

	Rick gazed between his sister's thighs, looking at the tightness of her panties. His cock was beginning to swell inside his shorts. Barbra scooted her little ass forward and, after glancing about to make sure they were alone, spread her legs very wide.

	"I'm peeking now." Ricky said in a slightly husky voice.

	She noticed he was not wearing a jockstrap. The head of his cock was becoming visible and she fixed her dark eyes upon it. "You're getting a hard-on, Ricky." She murmured softly.,

	"Who wouldn't?" he replied, his eyes showing his growing excitement. "Looking up your dress would give the whole male population at school a hard-on."

	Barbra giggled. "Do you think so?"

	He nodded his head.

	"Would that make you happy, Ricky?" she asked.

	He grinned wickedly at her...imagine, every guy here walking around with a hard cock, just by looking, at you."

	"You want me to do that?"

	"Make their cocks hard?" he countered. "I'd love it!"

	"Okay," she said softly. "I told you I'd do anything you want of me, remember?"

	Ricky pulled the crotch of his shorts to one side and his now hard cock lurched free. Barbra stared at it, delighted as before. Her pussy began to pulsate in a nice way, becoming even more moist. "You're making my cunt wet." She said. "You keep my cunt wet, Ricky."

	"Wanna fuck?" asked, stroking a fist up and down his prick.

	Barbra looked around again, swiftly. "Here? Suppose someone saw us."

	"Who cares? He replied. "Maybe they could take their turn after I finish."

	Barbra looked at his face and realized her brother meant it. He really wouldn't care if some other boy fucked her.

	"Do you want that, Ricky?" she asked. "Would you want another boy putting his cock in my pussy? It wouldn't make you mad?"

	"I wouldn't get mad. I'd kinda enjoy it." 

       Barbra shuddered. She didn't understand him. She wanted nothing to do with another boy but if that would make Ricky happy, make him love her then she would do what he wanted. Feeling shy, her eyes darting about the empty gym, she pulled her dress to her waist and, lifting her compact ass, slipped her panties off. She sat there, two bleachers above her brother, her legs wide, succulent pussy sweetly revealed.

	"Wanna fuck now?" He asked, his cock throbbing in his fist.

	"I gotta pee first," she said.

	"I'11 go with you."

	She held his hand as they went to the end of the huge room. Two doors leading into restrooms were there and Ricky pulled his sister to the boys room. Barbra did not resist. She saw the rows of urinals along one side, the stalls at the end. With a feeling of embarrassment, Barbra sat on one of the toilets and pissed into the bowl. Ricky stood in the doorway, watching. After she finished, he said, "Let's fuck in here."

	"The floor is dirty," she protested.

	"Don't worry." He slipped his shorts down to his knees and sat on the toilet she had vacated. His cock stood up strong, throbbing with a bead of pre-cum at the piss hole.

	"See? All you gotta do is sit on it, Barbra."

	She giggled as she straddled his hips. Holding her skirt about her small waist, she lowered her cunt to his cock. She felt her brother's prick stab into her slowly and she cooed in delight. Barbra sat down until the full length of his prick was buried into her tight, hot, wet pussy. She sat there for a moment, savoring the ecstasy of having him in her again.

	"Come on, fuck me, Barbra!" he urged, holding her hips. "Bounce up and down on my cock!" "Ooooo" she whimpered as the ecstasy boiled inside her sweet, shapely body. Barbra moved u~ and down on his lap, the smooth muscles in her thighs working in subtle motion. She lifted and lowered her pussy, riding his cock with soft squeals bubbling from her throat. She placed her hands on his shoulders to trace herself, leaning forward to kiss him in her passion.

	Barbra slipped her small tongue into her brother's mouth. The way he sucked at it increased her steaming passion. She bounced her rounded ass up and down, grinding against him by instinct. The ecstasy was the only guide she knew or needed. Barbra loved the way his cock stretched her pussy, the way it stuffed her. She could feel her brother's cock all the way in her stomach. Her tiny asshole puckered and flexed as she writhed and twisted on his cock. The sensitive nipples cupped inside her bra became swollen and very sensitive. Her nerves were on fire, burning and melting with the pleasure that flowed like sweet, boiling syrup.

	"Oooo, Ricky, Ricky!" she yelped in a small, tight voice. "Ohhh, I love this! I love the way your cock fills my pussy! Ohhhhh, I love it! Oo no, Ricky.. Ricky, I think I'm gonna.. come!"

	Ricky couldn't reply. He gritted his teeth as his sister gyrated her sweet little ass about, fucking up and down on his hard, throbbing prick in a wild, abandoned manner.

	Barbra gave a low wail of ecstasy as her cunt convulsed about his cock. Her small body shivered as she came and she began to grind her pussy even more furiously against his prick. She came long and hard and when she finished she could hardly move. Every must, every, bone in her sweet body seemed to have become like thick fluid. She slumped forward against him, panting, glowing.

	She felt her brother's hands move up and down her trembling thighs. She loved the way he caressed her, the way his hands felt on her naked flesh. She shivered as his hands moved along her smooth ass cheeks, his fingers tracing along her warm, enticing ass-crack.. She sat there for a while, feeling his cock throb -inside her still-pulsating pussy then she sat upright.

	"You didn't come!" she yelled. "I didn't feel you come, Ricky."

	"I almost did," he replied, cupping the small cheeks of her ass, his fingers digging into her firm, springy flesh.

	Barbra slowly began to pump up and down on his cock once more. "I'm gonna make you come, Ricky. I want you to come, too. I want to feel you come. 

	"In your pussy?"

       "Why not?" Barbra wiggled faster. "It would be better than taking it out like last night."

	Barbra whipped her ass up and down in a frenzy, desperately wanting her brother to spew jism into her body. She wanted cum inside her more than anything in the world. 

       Last night she had felt a little vacant because he had come onto her panties and lower belly. She felt as if he had withheld a vital something from her. This time, she resolved he was not going to take it away. She was going to get it into her body. His jism was a treasure to her, a treasure she wanted no one else to have but her.

	Barbra slammed up and down on his cock so fast and hard, it suddenly slipped free. She came down again and it speared someplace between her cunt and asshole. She yelped and thrust a hand between them to grab his cock, greedily trying to stuff it back into her burning cunt.

	"Wait, Barbra," Ricky grunted.

	She looked in puzzlement at him, holding the base of his prick in her fingers, her cunt hovering only an inch away.

	"Stand up," he said.

	Confused, Barbra got to her feet. Ricky gazed at her. "Hold your dress up. Barbra."

	Wondering what he wanted she pulled her dress to her waist.

	"Spread your legs." She did, standing before him spread wide Rick ran his hands up her thighs then around her lips and cupped her ass cheeks. "I'm gonna give your pussy a kiss, he said.

	"Oooo, the way you kissed Kelly's?" Barbra arched her hips forward, her eyes bright with pleasure as her brother leaned toward her She felt his lips press her pussy and she sighed. She could feel his mouth pressuring her distended clit. And as he kissed her cunt and pulled away, she gurgled in delight. She started to ask him to give her cunt another kiss when an idea suddenly came to her.

	Now you," she said in excitement.

	"Now me what?"

	"You stand up and let me sit there." They exchanged places and Barbra sat on the toilet with her brother before her, his cock hard and glistening with the juice from her cunt. The head was huge it seemed to her and it was seeping a clear liquid. She lifted one hand and cupped his balls fondling them gently. With her eyes gleaming, she leaned close and planted a moist kiss upon his dripping piss-hole. Then she looked up at her brother.

	"Do you-like that, Ricky?"

	"Oh, Barbra!" he grunted. "That was nice. Kiss my cock again"

	She pressed her lips to the swollen head of his prick, holding them there in a long, wet kiss. Her lips parted slightly and she tasted the moisture of him. A startling thing happened to Barbra at that instant. The taste of the clear fluid seeping from his piss-hole sent her mind reeling with intense pleasure.

	"Ooo, Ricky!" she squealed, grasping his cock in her other hand and looking up at him with dewy eyes. "I like that! Oooo, you taste good, Ricky!"

	"Put it in your mouth, Barbra!" he urged in a thick voice. "Put my cock inside your mouth!"

	Barbra sat gazing at her brother's cock. It gleamed with the slippery moisture from her cunt. She didn't understand how she could get his prick into her mouth, but decided if it would go into her cunt then surely it would fit into her mouth. Besides, that quick taste of him had sent her emotions soaring. She wanted more of it, much more.

	"I'11 lick it first." She said, running her tongue out. She probed the tip of her tongue at his piss-hole and again her mind reeled in ecstasy. Closing her warm lips about the tip of his cock, she flicked her tongue around his piss-hole. She felt a tremor in his balls and began to twist them lovingly. Opening her lips wider, Barbra found she could easily enough take that swollen head between them. Her tongue licked at the smoothness and she made soft, gurgling sounds in her throat as she sucked the head of his prick.

	But it wasn't good enough for Ricky. "Take it all in your mouth, Barbra!" "he gasped. "I wanna see what it feels like with all my cock in your mouth."

	Barbra's dark eyes were turned up toward her brother's face, her lips stretched. She didn't see how she could take any more of his cock, but she moved her beautiful sweet face forward.

	Rick, overcome by the sensation of his sister's wet, hot mouth on his prick, grabbed her by the side of the head with both hands. He began to thrust his cock in and out, filling her more and more. Barbra's dark eyes blazed up at him, desire and willingness in them. She sat there, still, her lips stretching on his throbbing prick and let her brother stab back and forth. More and more of his prick entered her mouth and she began to enjoy it. She could feel the powerful throb of his cock against her lips and tongue. As it went deeper and probed at her throat, she found her nose buried by the wiry hairs at the base, his balls resting on her chin.

	Rick held her face in his hands, looking down at her glowing eyes as he fucked her mouth. "Ohhh! Barbra! This feels. good" Your mouth is wet and hot! Oooohh, I like this! You've got my cock in your mouth. . I'm fucking you in your mouth, Barbra!"

	Barbra gurgled a reply, her eyes flashing her pleasure up at him. Her ecstasy of having her brother's cock in her mouth caused her pussy to twitch in a burning way. She could taste her cunt and his cock at the same time and it sent a hunger racing through her. She wanted to lick and suck at his prick, but he was fucking back and forth so swiftly, all she could do was hold still and let him. Still holding his balls, she ran her other hand around to cup one of his flexing ass cheeks. She found as much ecstasy in being fucked in the mouth as she had by taking his cock up her cunt.

	"Fuck you, Barbra," he grunted. "Fuck you in the mouth! Golly, I like this as much as your cunt!"

	Barbra detected a change in the way his cock felt in her mouth. There was a stronger, faster pulsation on her lips and it seemed as if his prick was becoming bigger and harder.

	Suddenly Rick gave a yelp, his cock deep inside her mouth. He started to pull free, but Barbra clutched at his balls and ass tightly, preventing him from pulling out.

	"Let go!" He yelled. "Let go, Barbra! I'm gonna come, Turn loose!"

	But Barbra clung to him desperately, her eyes filming over. He was not going to take it away from her this time.

	His prick jerked and a splash of jism spurted from the tip of his cock. It coated her tongue and the taste of it sent Barbra's mind reeling insanely. She gulped and swallowed his cum then caught another squirt. Again and again her brother shot into her mouth, coming like a fountain. Barbra's pussy exploded and she came even more powerfully than before. She groaned in ecstasy as she came and as her brother flooded her mouth. She could feel his balls drawing up in her hand and she lovingly fondled them while he came in her greedy mouth.

	She could not swallow fast enough and some of his pearl-white cum escaped her tight lips to run warmly to her chin. She held only the head of his cock between her lips now, her tongue licking in a frenzy at his dribbling piss hole. She, continued to come in an overwhelming way, her body shivering.

	Rick finally managed to pull his cock from his sister's clinging lips and she followed it with her tongue racing around his piss-hole. Then she let him go, looking up at him with shining eyes. "Was that good, Ricky? Did you like that?"

	"It was great, Barbra."

	"Ohhh, Ricky!" she said with feeling, hugging .her arms about his hips and holding his ass. She pressed her beautiful young face against big cock and balls, loving him. "I love you so much! I don't care if you are my brother, I love you!"

	Rick stroked his sister's hair, feeling tender toward her at this moment. "We better go, Barbra," she said after a moment. "Someone could come in and see this, you know."

	She released him and stood up. "I thought you wanted me to give all the guys a nice hard-on," she teased him. "Are you changing your mind?"

	"Hell no," he snorted. "It would be a blast!"

	She picked up her panties where they had been dropped. She started to slip them on then with a giggle, dangled them on the door of the stall. "There. That will make a few boys wonder, won't it?"

	Holding his hand, feeling the cool air flowing about her naked cunt under her dress, they left the gym. The school grounds were deserted by this time and as they walked away, they laughed and teased one another.

	Rick deliberately flipped his sister's dress up in back, revealing her sweet, round ass. Barbra giggled and jumped, shoving her dress back down.

	"Someone will see me!" she yelped. laughing.

	"That is some pretty ass, Barbra," he laughed and tried to flip her skirt again. "Let them see it." The next morning, Barbra was dressed and prepared for school. She lingered in the house, waiting for her brother. They had never actually walked to school together in quite a few months. But it was different now, she felt. Surely Rick would walk with her after what they had done with each other.

	"You still here?" he asked as he came into the room where she waited.

	"I wanted to walk with you," she said, smiling at him.

	"Aw, Barbra," he frowned. "You know I can't walk with my sister. What would the guys think?"

	"But Ricky..."

	"You don't want me to be a sissy, do you? Those guys will call me one if they see us together. Guys just don't hang around with their sisters."

	Once more she felt tears coming to her eyes. She looked at her brother, her heart filled with love for him. She didn't understand any of this male thing he talked about. Sisters didn't mind being with their brother at least none she knew of. Why did a guy hate to be seen with his sister? It was dumb, stupid, she thought. Barbra did not know that boys of her brother's age didn't want anything to do with girls at least most of them. They were wrapped up in boy things and had no time for girls. But Ricky was different, she felt. She loved him, loved him passionately.

	"Now don't start crying," he said.

	"I want to walk with you," she replied stubbornly.

	"Aw, Barbra," he mumbled, not wanting her to cry. He shuffled his feet about on the floor.

	She miffed, looking at him through tear- stained eyes. "Ricky," she said in a soft voice. "I'll let the guys peek under my dress. That is, if you want me to."

	"You'd really do it? If I walk to school with you, you'll do that?"

	She nodded, blushing.

	"I'll tell you what," he said, becoming interested now. "You take your panties off first."

	"Sure, right now."

	Barbra lifted her skirt and shoved her panties down. She stepped out of them, holding her pleated skirt about her waist. Rick gazed at his sister's succulent cunt for a moment then smiled, saying, "Don't wear your panties today."

	"Don't wear my...

	"You wanna walk to school with me or not?"

	Barbra tossed her panties to a nearby chair and let her skirt drop. She knew she would be embarrassed if anyone saw she was not wearing panties, but if this was what her brother wanted, she would do it.

	On the way to school she tried many times to take his hand, but he always drew away. She walked at his side, feeling the morning air breezing underneath her skirt. She felt strange to have her ass and pussy naked, knowing that anything could happen. She could stumble and fall, her dress flying high. Everyone would see she was naked under her clothes. She'd die with humiliation, she felt.

	At the gate to the grounds, Rick started to run off to meet friends. Barbra grabbed his hand Quickly. "Give me a kiss," she begged.

	"Aw, Barbra," he protested. "You wanna ruin my fucking reputation?"

	"What about my reputation if someone sees me naked this way?" she retorted with a trace of sudden anger at him. "I'm doing what you asked me to do... kiss me."

	He pecked her check and then raced away.

	Barbra walked slowly toward her classroom. She found it pleasant to have the air around her creamy little ass and, scantily haired twat. It gave her a delicious sensation and she decided to do it again. Ricky wouldn't have to ask her; she would go without her panties and surprise him.

	Barbra was careful to keep her knees together all morning long. She was terribly afraid someone would see under her skirt.

	During the lunch period, she did not hang about on the second-floor landing as usual, looking for Rick. After what he had said about boys peeking up at girls, she wasn't going to take any chances. Instead, she took a carton of milk and sat on the benches in the student center.

	She noticed Kelly coming toward her and for just a moment she felt dislike for the pretty blonde girl. 

	"Hi," Kelly said cheerfully as she sat next to Barbra. "Is it okay if I sit with you?"

	"I don't care," Barbra replied.

	They sat there without speaking, but Barbra felt Kelly was anxious to talk to her. She didn't know the girl very well, only having seen her about the school.

	"Our brothers are over there," she said, pointing a finger. Barbra looked and saw Rick / and John grab-assing with a group of boys.

	"They talked to me earlier," Kelly said.

	Barbra felt jealousy stab inside her. She turned and looked at the pretty girl. "What about?"

	Kelly began to giggle, a flush growing on her face. "They wanna play with us," she said between giggles.

	Barbra didn't understand.

	"You know," Kelly giggled, hiding her mouth behind a hand. Her blue eyes flashed wickedly at Barbra.

	"I don't know," Barbra said.

	"They wanna play with us... under our dresses!" Then Kelly went into deliciously wicked giggles of pleasure.

	Anger came to Barbra. Ricky must have been talking about her, she thought. If he told what they had been doing together, she would hate him. She stared at Kelly.

	"I won't" Barbra began.

	"Aw, come on," Kelly pleaded. "They play with me that way all the time. John wants to see your pussy and Rick said it was okay."

	Now Barbra blushed a furious red. It was a mixture of anger and shyness. The anger became the stronger of the emotions. She turned to Kelly and stared at her. "Do you want to let them play with us?"

	"I love it," Kelly confessed. "I really feel good when they touch me."

	"Okay," Barbra replied, taking a deep breath, "I'll do it."

	"Rick said you would," Kelly said. "They want us to meet them over in the tall bushes next to the teacher's parking lot after school."

	Barbra spent the rest of the school day in a furious anger toward her brother. She couldn't concentrate on her studies, but it didn't really matter. She was an outstanding student anyway. At the end of the school, she had almost made up her mind to go straight home and the hell with Ricky. Yet, when school let out, she found herself walking toward the teacher's parking lot. There were still cars there and she sat on a nearby bench to wait. A few teachers came by and those that knew her waved. She waited for half an hour and finally the lot emptied of cars.

	After she had waited long enough, she decided the others weren't going to show up and she got to her feet and started toward the gate.

	"Where you going, Barbra?"

	She turned and saw John and Rick walking toward her. Behind them a few paces was Kelly. She waited.

	"We've got a good place," Rick said as they approached. "No one can find us and we can do what we want." He took his sister's hand and began pulling her with him.

	There was a tiny opening in the tall, thick shrubbery and Rick got on his hands and knees and crawled in, telling his sister to come on. She looked around and saw they were the only ones there. Getting down on her hands and knees, she started through. A soft giggle from behind came to her.

	"You didn't wear panties," Kelly said.

	A hand moved along her thigh and she turned her head to see John behind her. He ran his hand over the naked creaminess of her ass cheek and Barbra flushed, rushing through the opening after her brother. She found him waiting in a small clearing about eight feet square. They were totally concealed from prying eyes. She had never noticed this area before, but she didn't explore as much as Rick.

	She sat on the soft grass and pulled her knees to her chest, watching John and then his sister come through. Kelly kept up her childish giggles, sounding more naughty all the time. With all four in the clearing, it was a bit crowded. She saw Kelly's panties as she hugged her knees up to her chest.

	"Show John your cunt," Rick said suddenly without warning.

	Barbra shook her head. There was a deep flush. of embarrassment on her beautiful face. Without hesitation, John pulled his cock out and began to jack on it. Rick did the same and she looked from one to the other. She felt herself becoming excited, seeing those two cocks swell into hardness. Kelly opened her blouse, revealing two very small, but very shapely tits with pale pink nipples. Kelly flipped her panties off, still giggling. She then sat with her legs spread out before her, caressing her almost hairless cunt as she watched the boys jacking off.

	"Come on, Barbra," Rick insisted. "Open your knees so we can see your pussy Kelly is doing it and we're doing it." 

	"No," Barbra said, shaking her head. "But you said you'd do anything I wanted," he reminded her. "If you don't wanna play this way then take your ass home. And you better not say anything about this." 

	"Oh, Ricky!" Barbra sobbed. "Do I have to? Why can't we be by ourselves?"

	"Go on home, little baby!" he said, turning his eyes to watch Kelly working a finger in and out of her twat. "I'd rather play with Kelly anyway."

	Barbra let the warm tears flow from her eyes freely. She didn't want her brother mad at her. She wanted to do the things that gave him pleasure. In a shy way, she let her knees drop apart, feet crossed before her. Her dress was high and her snatch became revealed.

	"Play with it like Kelly is doing," John asked, pumping on his thick, hard cock. "Play with your cunt and feel yourself up, Barbra."

	Barbra Quickly decided if this was what her brother wanted her to do then she would do it. Flipping her skirt to her waist, she thrust a finger up her cunt and began finger-fucking herself. "This is childish," she said. "This is what little kids do." She was talking out of anger at her brother and also with a desire to let John and Kelly know she had more worldly knowledge than they.

	"Is that so?" John asked, pumping faster on his swollen cock.

	"Yes, that's so," she snapped at him, rubbing up and down on her clit. "Older kids fuck! They fuck each other and even ... kiss each other's things."

	"Oooo, Barbra!" Kelly giggled. "You really been fucked?"

	"Sure," she bragged. "Ricky fucks me all the time, don't you, Ricky?"

	"Damn right!" he grunted. "Hey, let John stick his cock up your twat, Barbra! Let John fuck you!"

	"Damn right!" Barbra agreed, flashing her eyes angrily at her brother. "Come on, John, fuck me! Let's stop this childish jacking off and fuck!"

	"I wanna watch!" Kelly squealed. "I wanna watch John fuck you, Barbra!"

	"Get a fucking crowd if you want," Barbra replied, sprawling on her back, legs wide apart. "Come on, John, don't waste that cock! Shove it up my cunt!"

	John was excited. His cock stood out thick and hard as he got between Barbra's thighs. You sure, Barbra?" be asked. "You sure you wanna fuck instead of jack off?"

	"Fuck me, damn you!" she hissed at him, grabbing for his prick. "1 want that big cock in my pussy! Fuck me with it and let my brother jack off! He can come on the fucking grass ...he can fuck his fucking fist ... he can kiss my fucking ass!"

	She lifted her hips and shoved John's cock to her pussy As the swollen head penetrated her cunt, Barbra gave a gurgle of pleasure. "Ohhh, John! I love your great big cock up, my little, tight, hot cunt! Golly, it's bigger than Ricky's cock! Ohhh, I'm just gonna love getting fucked by your big, sweet prick! Fuck It to me. Fuck that cock to my hot pussy, John!"

	She looked at her brother, her dark eyes glowing with the desire to make him angry, jealous. She would show him how much she loved fucking another boy instead of him. She began to grind her pussy against John's prick, the rough material of his pants tormenting the softness of her inner thighs. She grabbed him by the shoulders and began to fuck in a frenzy.

	"Oooooo, John, give it to me!" she yelped. At first she had been saying those things out of her desire to make her brother jealous, but now it was because she was bubbling with ecstasy. "Fuck it, John! Really fuck it for me! Oooo, what, a cock! Golly, I love your big cock up my little twat! Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!"

	Although she was boiling now, her tight ass whirling furiously, she saw her brother reaching for Kelly. Again, jealousy filled her as she saw his hand move toward her cunt.

	"Fuck me hard, John!" she called in a strangling voice. "Ooo, you're gonna make me really come! Oohhh, you're so fucking hard... so hard up my cunt!"

	John was panting and puffing on top of her and Barbra. turned his shoulders loose and clawed at her blouse. Somehow she managed to free her springy, shapely tits. "I want to feel you against my titties!" she groaned in passion. "I want to feel you on my tits!"

	John had his hands down and was holding her squirming naked ass tightly as he plunged his prick in and out of her gripping cunt. He was blowing hard near her ear and she wrapped her arms about him, lifting her legs, closing them around his bouncing ass,

	"Fuck the piss out of my pussy, John!" she urged hotly. "Fuck it ... fuck my hot cunt! Fuck it ... fuck it! Oooooo, I love it, John! I love your big, hard cock fucking my hot cunt!"

	Barbra became so intensely aroused she was no longer looking at her brother as he felt up the pretty little blonde. She was throwing everything she had into this fuck and her small body was shaking violently as she approached orgasm.

	"I'm gonna come!" she squealed, holding John tightly as her small ass went into a frenzy of motion. "You're gonna make me come! Fuck me! . . come with me! Oooo, please, please, come in my pussy... my twat ... my snatch.. . my cunt! I want it! Ohhh, I want you to come in my cunt!"

	Barbra boiled over, her small body shuddering as a squeal of ecstasy blasted from her mouth. Even as she came, she felt John's prick being pulled free.

       "Nooo!" she wailed, clawing at his ass to hold him inside her. "Don't take it out! I want you to come in my pussy! Leave it there...

	Leave it in! Come in my cunt!"

	John suddenly gave a lunge, driving his cock deep Into Barbra's spasming pussy. He hold himself there, grunting as he spewed cum up her cunt. Barbra squealed at she felt him splashing about the walls of her tight, hot pussy. When she knew John had finished coming, she shoved him off.

	He pulled his prick free of her gripping twat and sat back, heaving from the effort and pleasure. Barbra looked at his prick the way felt glistened with the moisture. Then she turned to her brother.

	Rick was finger-fucking the blonde girl and she was working on his cock. They had their eyes toward her and they were hot. "Why don't you stick your cock up Kelly's little sugar-cunt Ricky?" she hissed. "Maybe you'll like her sugar-cunt better than mine. Go on, fuck the little blonde cunt!"

	"Golly, yes!" Kelly agreed hotly. "I gotta get fucked someday, don't I? Fuck me, Rick!"

	Barbra lifted to her elbows, her pussy exposed and moist. She watched as Rick dropped his pants while Kelly sprawled on her back, her blonde pussy revealed. At this moment she seemed to have lost her anger toward Rick. She became interested in watching him fuck Kelly. John was forgotten by her as she turned to watch.

	Rick moved between Kelly's slim thighs and taking his cock in his hand, began to press the swollen head into those puffy lips. Suddenly Kelly yelped.

	"That hurts!"

	"Don't worry," Barbra said. "It won't hurt long. Let him stick that cock in you. It beats finger-fucking any day."

	Kelly gave a bleat as Rick's prick stabbed into her cunt. Then she lay still, holding her breath. Finally, in a small voice she said,

	"Don't put any more in, Rick. I don't think I'm big enough."

	"Hell, it's all in now!" he said.

	Kelly's eyes widened. "It is? You really have it all in my pussy? You're not telling me a lie, are you?"

	"Every fucking bit of his cock is up your cunt, Kelly," Barbra confirmed. "Now you can be fucked like you should."

	Barbra watched her brother's naked ass bob up and down and once more she felt excited. She couldn't find anger for him at this moment. Watching his ass bounce turned her on. She sat up, leaning close, peering at the way his ass checks bunched. She reached out and began to fondle his working ass.

	"Hey, great!" Rick snorted. "I like that, Barbra!"

	"Fuck her, Ricky!" she urged. "Fuck her little blonde pussy! Give her a good fuck! . . fuck the shit out of her little ass!"

	Kelly was gurgling in pleasure now, wiggling her ass about as Rick plunged swiftly. "I like it... Ohhh, I like it! You're right, Barbra, it is better than a finger! Ohhh, Ricky, fuck it for me!"

	On a sudden impulse, Barbra leaned down and planted a hot, moist kiss on her brother's working ass. The grunt of pleasure that came from him caused her to do it again. Then she was moving her lips from cheek to cheek, smearing his ass with moist, eager kisses. She reached between his thighs and cupped his balls as he fucked Kelly. Her tongue began to lick about the flesh of his thighs then over his ass cheeks. Finally, clutching at his balls, she ran the tip of her tongue up and down the split between his ass cheeks. This seemed to spur Rick into greater efforts and Barbra felt as if she were being slapped in the face by his ass. But she never lost contact there with her moist, now eager tongue. She flipped the tip of her tongue up and down the crack of her brother's ass, knowing it was creating more ecstasy for him.

	Barbra slipped her slender body downward until she was behind her brother's bouncing ass. Leaning low she saw his cock thrusting in to the almost hairless cunt of Kelly. She saw the way those pink lips stretched about Rick's hard cock, clinging to it with hot tightness. His balls flopped in his efforts. Pressing her face close, Barbra began to kiss at her brother's balls as he continued his energetic fucking of the young girl. She held his hips in her palms, her fingers digging into his flesh as her excitement bubbled inside her sweet body.

	Barbra licked her moist tongue about his bails as he banged up and down, finally taking him into her mouth. Her face was lifted and lowered by the motions of his ass, but she held his balls in her mouth, sucking at them with her nose almost buried into the crack of his ass. Her pussy was pulsating eagerly. She writhed about, pressing her snatch against the grass, making soft murmuring sounds as she sucked his balls.

	 Oooooo. ahhhh, yes!" Kelly whimpered as she clutched Rick about the waist, her legs lifted in the air as she shot her little round ass up to meet his cock. "Oh, this is good! I love it! fuck it to me! Rick! Ohhh, fuck that cock to my cunt!"

	Barbra could hear John, but she didn't look at him. She felt his hands on her ass, though and gave a punt of pleasure when a finger slipped between her smooth thighs and entered her boiling pussy. Barbra worked her creamy little ass up and down as John finger-fucked her. She sucked even more frenziedly on her brother's balls.

	John was puffing and snorting now, his cock driving faster and faster into the hot tightness of Kelly's gripping pussy.

	"I'm gonna come!" Barbra heard him shout then felt him stab hard into Kelly's cunt, his body going stiff. She pulled hard at his balls with her lips. "I'm gonna come, goddamn it! Oohhhh, shit, shit, shit!"

	"Me, too!" squealed Kelly, her little ass twirling powerfully. "I'm gonna come, too!"

	Barbra writhed her ass as John thrust his finger in' and out of her tight cunt, but she knew she would not come. That didn't matter to her at the moment; this was for her brother. She wanted him to enjoy this more than anything else. She felt his balls draw tight inside her wet mouth, but she held them fast as he came. She did not release his balls until she was certain he was finished.

	Getting to her knees, she made John remove his finger from her pussy then she knelt there and looked at her brother as he puffed and gasped for air. Kelly remained on her back, legs wide, her pink pussy twitching. The expression on her pretty face was that of awed ecstasy.

	"Oh, Golly!" Kelly finally whispered. "That was something! How come you never fucked me before, John? It feels better than what we've been doing with each other." It was finished now and Barbra wanted to leave. She looked at Rick and he lay there with his eyes closed, peaceful. She turned and slipped through the opening of the shrubbery. 

To Be Continued



