Author: mypenname3000
Title: MILFs Love the Futa Chapter Four: Hot Wife's Naughty Shopping Tips
Summary: When Lisa goes shopping with her mom, another MILF joins the trip!
Keywords: hF hFF inc oral creampie MILF wife cheat cuck exib voy 1st

Copywrite 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Alexa Green

I broke the kiss with my daughter and turned around. I trembled in the short, black skirt I wore and the tight, blue crop top. My big boobs jiggled in the bra I wore while my pussy dripped delight. I wore no panties. Just in case.

My futa-daughter had inflamed my lusts like no one ever had. When she had walked in, before I even learned about her exquisite clit-dick, I had awakened to such a powerful desire for her. I wanted to make love to my daughter. I didn't care how wrong it was. That she was my flesh and blood.

I wanted her.

Now my other daughter, Natti, came down the stairs. She appeared and glanced at Lisa and me. She blinked at the sight of my outfit. Natti was two years older than Lisa. Seventeen. A mature and out-going girl. She dated. Had friends. Partied. The opposite of my introvert and intelligent Lisa.

A girl so smart, she had used chemistry to give herself bigger boobs and a clit-dick. Not quite the results she wanted, she wasn't supposed to become a futa but she did gain a cuter face and those round tits of hers were lush. 

Wow, Mom, you are looking tight, said Natti. Got a date or something?

Hmm? I asked, my cheeks burning. My pussy clenched. What, no, no, just taking Lisa to the mall. She needs to buy some clothes that, uh, fit her.

Oh, don't tell me her boob-job elixir actually worked, Natti said. She looked past me to her little sister and goggled. Wait, are those real boobs? Are you padding?

No, Lisa said, squirming. She had a bulge in her jeans. They're real. I, uh, gained some bigger boobs. Mom's just taking me shopping. You know, since I only have my bike.
Right, right, only fifteen, said Natti. Well, good job. I mean, those are nice si
ze ones. About as big as mine!

Natti clearly didn't have that burning desire to ride her sister's futa-dick like I did. I just wanted that cock in my cunt spurting more and more cum into my snatch. I wasn't on the pill. My husband was dead. I was so lonely sometimes.

But now I had Lisa. My sexy futa-daughter.

So, the mall, huh, Natti said. Mind if I come.

What, no! Lisa blurted while I struggled to think. How to distract Natti? But this was shopping. She wouldn't be stopped if the itch settled in her. Ooh, I had such an itch in my pussy. I just wanted to swallow that big daughter-dick and work my cunt up and down Lisa's pole. Wouldn't that be hot?

Yes. Yes, that would be hot.

I promise I won't tease you, said Natti, staring down at her phone. You're gonna show up that cow Shanice. I love it! She thinks her shit smells as sweet as her cunt.

Natti! I gasped. Language. Though I had been using that word when Lisa's daughter-cock had rammed into my dripping cunt and fucked me so hard. God, I was such a naughty mommy. 

Sorry, Mom, said Natti. As sweet as her pussy. Better.

I don't want you to come, Natti, Lisa begged. It's private. I'm... I'm going through some changes.

I think it's best if I just take her, I said. She's just doubled her boob size. That's going to make any girl self-conscious.

Natti looked up. She clearly wanted to come shopping. My pussy clenched. I needed to have my futa-daughter's dick in me again. She had such an amazing cock. She was such a delicious dickgirl. A bead of cream ran down my thigh.

Fine, fine, go without me, she said, waving a dismissive hand. 

I almost let out a relieved sigh. 

Though I have no idea why you're dressed like you got a hot date, Mom, said Natti. 

I just wanted to feel feminine, I said and marched toward the door, Lisa scurrying after. I snagged my purse on the way. I checked to make sure my keys and phone were in there before heading out the door to my minivan.

I unlocked it with the remote, quivering. Could I fuck her in the changing room...? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lisa Green

I was so relieved that my sister didn't want to come, too. That would have made this a disaster. Just an unmitigated catastrophe. There was no way I could hide this cock in my jeans. It was so tight in my crotch. I needed those trans-panties with the extra room. And skirts. No more pants.

Well, I did have more data points on who was and wasn't attracted to me. Natti and Shanice showed no interest in me while Mom, Principal Goldman, and Ms. Lynette were all over me. And it wasn't the outdoors that kept Shanice from being on me. Natti was indoors and had no reaction.

It had to be motherhood. That was the common linkage between the three women. Motherhood. And marriage, I supposed. Principal Goldman was still married, Ms. Lynette was divorced, and Mom was a widower. But it had to be childbirth. That would have left real differences in their hormonal balance.

And I must be shedding some pheromone that made them go wild for me. Which meant...

I had to do some research.

Mom unlocked the minivan and climbed into the front seat. She was looking hot. That tight, black skirt showed off a lot of her thigh as she sat in the driver's seat. Her big boobs jiggled in her low-cut crop top. Those were very nice to look at.

I had to focus. Focus!

I went to Facebook to start my sleuthing. Unsurprising, Shanice Black had me blocked, so I just searched the last name and kept it limited to our town. I had a few more hits. I clicked on one, Evelyn Black, who could be her mother, a woman Mom's age with brown hair and hazel eyes. She had a lovely smile.

Her profile loaded right up. She was married, though her husband didn't seem to have a profile, and she had one daughter who did. Shanice. I found a few mentions of her husband, a guy named Hank. Hank Black. 

What are you doing, Mom purred, her voice throaty.

Research, I said and switched over to the county property taxes. I did a search for Hank Black and found one home owned by Black, Hank & Black, Evelyn. Bingo. I noted the address where Shanice lived. All a matter of public records.

I loved what you could find out in the internet.

You look pleased, Mom purred.

Oh, very, I said. Just a later project. I put my hand on her thigh in such a familiar way. After all the taboo passion we'd shared in the living room, I didn't have any hesitation now. Not after I had enjoyed her body in so many ways. I stroked up and down her. You do look so sexy, Mom!

She smiled at me. Thanks. Mmm, you better be careful. I might just park this van at the far end of the parking lot, take you in the back, and ride your girl-dick hard before we go shopping. She shot me a smoky look. I'm not wearing any panties.

Geez, I gasped, my futa-dick throbbing. Don't get me hard. Oh, no. I groaned as it grew too tight in my jeans. I quickly opened the fly. My futa-dick popped out. Mom, you can't turn me on like that! Not until I buy some new clothes.

Well, then Mommy is just going to have to ride your dick in the back of the minivan to relive that erection. She grinned at me.

I sighed. She was incorrigible. But I did love her.

Fine, fine, I groaned. That's acceptable. You can ride my cock to help my erection to go down.

Mmm, gladly. She giggled like a schoolgirl. What had gotten into her? What had my pheromones done to her? It was hot, though. Just so delicious that she had become this wild sex-mad Mommy. My futa-dick twitched.

She grabbed it like it was a stick shift and stroked me as she drove one-handed. I shuddered, loving the feel of her silky hand working up and down me. That was so nice. I groaned, my face twisting in delight.

We reached the mall which gave Mom a good five minutes of creeping through traffic to jerk off my cock. My cunt clenched as she stroked me slowly. Oh, she didn't go fast enough to get me off. Mom knew what she was doing.

She just made me squirm and moan, loving every second of her hot hand working up and down my dick. This wave of heat rushed through me. I loved how she made me quiver. It was so hot to feel her doing that to me. 

Just a thrill to have that soft hand brush the crown of my cock.

Mom made the left turn into the parking lot and, true to her word, headed down to the empty part of the lot. She parked as far away as she could and grinned at me. She pushed a button. The seats in the back all folded up and vanished into the floor.

There, she said. Just lie down back there. You should find a blanket in the cargo netting. Then Mommy will ride your dick. No one will know. There are tinted windows.

Right, I said. You've thought this out too much. You're some sort of sex-mad MILF just craving her daughter's futa-dick, aren't you?

Oh, yes! 

Shameless. I shook my head as I crawled into the back of the van. My futa-dick bobbed before me. I could not believe I was about to have my mother riding me in the backseat of the family minivan.

I found the blanket she was talking about and spread it out in the back. I sank down on it, my cock thrusting out of the fly. I shoved my jeans down a bit more, my big boobs quivering in my too-small t-shirt. My nipples poked at the material.

Mom crawled back next, her crop top hugging her big boobs. She hiked her short skirt up and up until her fiery bush appeared dipping in her pussy cream. She was a horny mommy-slut. My futa-dick throbbed at the sight of her. This was such a wild delight.

She straddled me, her boobs about to spill out of her top. Her fiery hair swayed around her gorgeous face. She grabbed my futa-dick and stroked up and down me. She pressed it toward her bush. She smiled as she rubbed my cock through her curls.

Then she impaled her cunt down my dick.

I gasped at the pleasure rushing through me. The incestuous thrill of her cunt devouring my dick rippled through my body. I gasped at how good that felt. It was a rush. An incredible treat to have Mom's wet pussy devouring my girl-cock.

That's what I need, she moaned. Ooh, that's just perfect. Oh, honey, I love having your futa-dick in me! It's magnificent. Just a perfect fit.

Yeah, I gasped. I breathed in delight as the tip of my futa-dick nuzzled into her cervix. It was wonderful to have her all the way around me. Mommy!

Yes, yes, just let Mommy's pussy massage your futa-dick, honey! She slid up me.

I groaned, my virgin cunt clenching at the silky texture of her hot cunt massaging me. It was an incredible rush to have her doing that. Then she plunged back down me. It was just an incredible delight to have her taking my futa-dick in her holes.

I groaned, my face twisting in delight. This wicked heat swept through me. It was outstanding to have her hot twat working up and down my girl-dick. She drove me wild. I loved every moment of her riding me. 

I groaned, savoring the heat of her hot cunt massaging my dick. She worked that amazing dick up and down my girl-cock. It was an incredible rush to have her doing that. I loved it as she slid her twat up and down my cock.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned. Oh, wow, that's so good, Mommy!

Mmm, yes! she moaned, the van rocking slightly as she rode me. Her head worked up and down. She had plenty of head clearance. Her boobs bounced in her blouse. My little girl's futa-dick feels so amazing in my cunt. Oh, that's just perfect.

I know it is, I whimpered, the pressure building and building at the tip of my cock. I rose toward that wonderful burst of pleasure. Towards that amazing explosion. Ooh, you are going to have so much cum flooding your cunt, Mommy!

Good! she moaned, her pussy slamming down my cock. Oh, honey. Your futa-dick fits so perfectly in Mommy's cunt. Just so perfectly!

I moaned my agreement, loving her twat working up and down my clit-cock. The pressure built in my ovaries. That wonderful delight would explode out of me. I couldn't wait for the pressure to erupt from my ovaries and spray her twat. It would be an incredible rush. I shuddered, the delight building and building in me.

Her pussy gripped me. She massaged me as she rode me, her clothes rustling. She smiled down at me, her fiery hair dancing around her head. She gripped me. Massaged me. Her pussy was outstanding. It was just the most amazing thing to have her cunt sliding up and down my dick. I loved every second of it. Every last moment of that hot pussy riding me.

Oh, my god, I groaned. Oh, wow, Mommy!

I know, she moaned, her pussy slamming down my dick. Mommy loves having you in her cunt! Just loves it!

I loved it, too. Her pussy squeezed about me as she brought me closer and closer to exploding. I would have such a mighty burst of delight. I trembled, my face contorting. My virgin pussy clenched as she plunged down me. She gasped.

Her cunt went wild around my cock.

My back arched as her pussy suckled at my futa-dick. She rippled around me, driving me wild. The pressure surged toward the bursting point at the tip of my cock. I groaned, my face twisting with all this passion. All this delight. I would have one big burst of pleasure. Just cum so hard on her girl-dick. I loved every moment of this.

Every last second of her hot twat rippling around me. Her snatch suckled at my futa-dick in such an exciting way. She nursed at me. I savored the way her pussy built and built the ache at the tip of my cock. My ovaries quivered.

That's so good, I whimpered. That's just perfect. Oh, wow. Oh, you're going to make me explode, Mommy! 

You better, she gasped, her pussy suckling at me. I want your cum in me!'

Yes, Mommy!

I erupted.

My cum fired into her snatch. I pumped blast after blast of my jizz into her cunt. It was such an exciting moment as the pleasure swept through me. Stars danced across my vision. I gasped out in delight, loving every second of the ecstasy surging through me.

Her pussy writhed around my cock. She suckled at me as I spurted taboo blast after taboo blast of cum into her pussy. I erupted over and over again. I savored this heat rushing through me. I groaned, my head tossing from side to side.

It was such a rush. Such a thrill. I loved every moment of this ecstasy sweeping through my body as my cunt writhed and convulsed. I shuddered, my face twisting with the bliss of this moment. I fired one more time.

Mommy! I groaned. Oh, thank you, Mommy! I needed that.

Mmm, yes, we did, she purred as she rose off me. Now I have all my daughter's spunk filling up my cunt. Lucky me.

I nodded as she pushed down her skirt, covering her bush already dripping with cum. I stuffed my softening cock, now all wet with her juices, back into my jeans and zipped up. She climbed back over the center console and put the van into drive.

I hadn't even realized she'd left the car running. Not very green of her. She drove the car much closer to the mall and I shuddered. The side door opened after we stopped. I hopped out as she closed the door behind me.

First stop, Secret Delights to get you some panties, she said.

Um, why not Target, I said. They have trans-panties. A whole line of them.

And so does Secret Delights, plus these ones will be far, far cuter. She hooked my arm. Trust your mother. I would never steer you wrong.

I nodded and we headed into the mall.

As we walked through the parking lot, certain women glanced at me. Older women. Mothers. They glanced at me and shuddered. I could see them licking their lips. I was turning them on. This was so insane. I couldn't believe my cock worked like this, but it did. I didn't know what to think about that at all. It was so crazy.

The doors to the mall whisked open. It was the afternoon, so there were plenty of people strolling around. The older women all glanced at me again. They stared at me in interest. All these MILFs sensed that there was something special about me.

Which was causing me to chub up.

I shuddered and started reciting the periodic table in my head. Hydrogen, Helium, Lithium, Beryllium, Boron, Carbon, Nitrogen, Oxygen, Fluorine, Neon, Sodium, Magnesium, Aluminum, Silicon, Phosphorus, um... Wow, she had a nice rack. Just bouncing as she walked by. 

I turned my head to follow the black-haired MILF. She wore a skirt that clung to her rump. She was turning back to stare at me. Her eyes locked on mine. She shuddered and licked her lips. I swallowed, my futa-dick throbbing.

Then Mom pulled me on. I shuddered and looked ahead. We were almost to Secret Delights. I sucked in a deep breath as Mom and I strolled in, passing silver mannequins displaying the naughty lingerie the store sold.

Hello, hello, a peppy girl with a short bob of black hair said. She was a few years older than me, eighteen or nineteen, and wore a big smile on her lips. She flicked her gaze up and down me. So, what can I do. Need a bra?

Oh, yes, said Mom, glancing at my top. My daughter had a growth spurt. Um, and now she's got C cups. It happened so fast. We just weren't ready for it.

Well, let's go find out what size your new breasts are, said the girl. She had Poppy on her nametag. Come along. I'll have you fitted.

Fitted? I asked as he pulled me along. 

She smiled at me. Don't you worry, it's perfectly safe? Not painful at all. But most girls wear the wrong bra size. Here at Secret Delights, we pride ourselves on making sure our customers are fitted just right.

Oh, neat, I said. How could I tell her that I had a... a cock. And needed panties. Um, and panties? My cheeks were burning.

Oh, we can check your waist size, she said. Boobs are much more complicated than hips. It's more of an art to find the right size bra. Panties have those elastic bands. You just got to be all park it. They're made to stretch a bit, right. She winked at me.

Um, we'll see, I muttered, my futa-dick throbbing into my pants. This was becoming very, very embarrassing. 

She took me to the back and into this little alcove. I swallowed as she pulled the curtain shut to give us some privacy. She glanced down at my top. Okay, just pop that off, and I'll take some measurements. I will have to touch you. Um, to get your cup size, I need to measure from nipple around your body to back to that nipple.

Okay, I said, swallowing.

Now that's not the end-all, be-all, she said. Sometimes your boobs might spill out the side so we might have to shrink the band size and increase the cup size. Or maybe we need to go in the other way. Some women just do the two measurements and think that's all there is, but they can actually be wearing the wrong size. And we don't want that.

No, I said and pulled off my top. My new round and perky C's (or so I thought) spilled out.

Okay, here we go, she said and wrapped a cloth tape measure around my torso right beneath my breasts. She smiled at me as she did it. Okay, 30. My, you are a petite thing. That's just fine.

I nodded, my cheeks burning as she moved it up to my nipples. She placed the end firmly over my hard nub. A tingle shot down to my futa-dick. It was so hard. It was throbbing in my jeans, swelling tight. Poppy flashed me that reassuring smile.

She wrapped the band around my torso again and across my other breast and nipple. The cloth measuring tape made me shiver. My clit-dick throbbed. It was too tight in my pants. I whimpered as she brought the strip around to my starting nub.

And 33 for your bust size, she said, thinking for a moment. That's a... 30C. Very nice. You have some really cute boobs, too! So, what were you, a 30A? I bet you were. Boy, you had a spurt.
Yeah, I groaned.

Okay, let me get a few bras for you to try on. She smiled and slipped out.

I closed my eyes as the curtain slid back in place. My cunt burned. I heard Mom out there talking with Poppy, their voices fading. Probably going to have her pick out all the right styles of bras she liked or something. 

The curtain slid back open and Poppy re-entered. My eyes snapped open as I said, That was... You're not Poppy!

No, the black-haired MILF in the low-cut top and tight skirt moaned. I'm Ginger. Ginger Tate. A wedding ring flashed on her hand. Oh, my god, you're just so sexy!

She kissed me. Mrs. Tate planted her lips on mine and thrust her tongue into my mouth. I shuddered at the feel of her tongue thrusting into my mouth and swirling around. I groaned as she did that. It was so insane to feel her doing that. She kissed me with such passion. I trembled, my heart pounding in my chest.

She slid her hands down to cup my breasts. She squeezed my 30C boobs. I shuddered, loving the feel of her kneading me like that. I trembled, my heart pounding in my chest. This was such a wild moment. I quivered at how naughty this was.

She fluttered her tongue around in my mouth. I quivered, my cunt on fire. My pussy burned as she suckled on my tongue. I loved what she did to me. That was a rush. Her fingers pinched my hard nipples. 

My pheromones were so powerful she followed me? Ambushed me?

That was amazing. This was so hot.

I thrust my hands out and cupped the married MILF's boobs through her blouse. She must be a Double D at least. They were so much bigger than mine. I loved that. I loved the feel of them in my hand. She groaned as I kneaded them.

Her right hand slid down from my left boob. She traveled over my bare stomach. Her finger brushed the divot of my bellybutton before she reached my jeans. I shuddered, my cock throbbing in them. I kissed her even harder.

She unsnapped me. She was in for a big surprise.

She shoved her hand in and found my hard-cock. She broke the kiss and gasped. What the fuck?

I'm a futanari, I groaned. A dickgirl with a futa-cock.

She pulled my massive girl-rod out and gasped. Her eyes bulged as my clit-dick throbbed in her hand. She slid up and down me. Her left hand squeezed my right boob as she stared at my futa-dick. Shuddering, she groaned.

A futa... dick, she breathed. Do you have balls?

No, I have a pussy. It's my clit. I grinned at her. That's my clit-cock.

Oh, wow. Mrs. Tate dropped to her knees and swallowed the end of my girl-dick. I shuddered at the feel of her mouth sliding up and down it. This was just such a wicked thrill to feel her working her mouth up and down my futa-dick. Oh, yes!

She nursed on me with passion. It was so wild having her suckle on me like that. It was just perfect. An amazing rush to have her doing that. I loved her mouth working up and down my girl-cock. She suckled with such passion on my futa-dick. It was an incredible rush to have her doing that.

I groaned, savoring her nursing on me. She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my dick. She suckled on me with hunger. I loved every moment of her nursing on me like that. She loved my girl-dick. 

Her tongue danced around my clit-cock. She suckled on me with such passion. It was an incredible rush. I groaned, savoring the heat surging through me. I loved the way she suckled on me. It was an incredible rush to have her doing that.

Damn, I groaned, my heart pounding in my chest. Oh, damn, that's so good. That's amazing. Ooh, you're so naughty, Mrs. Tate! Sucking a dickgirl's cock behind your husband's back.

She moaned her agreement, nursing on me with passion.

I bet you want me ramming my clit-cock to the hilt in your married cunt and making you cum so hard!

She groaned and nodded around my futa-dick. 

I grinned as she suckled with all her might, her cheeks hollowing. That was an incredible rush. I loved it. I savored her sucking on me like that. She nursed with all this passion on my futa-dick. It was outstanding. I trembled, hurtling toward that moment when I would cum in her mouth.

She danced her tongue around the crown of my dick. She suckled on me. It was an outstanding delight to have her doing that. I groaned, my girl-cock throbbed in my mouth. I loved the way that she suckled on me.

Yes, I groaned. Oh, wow, that's good. Mmm, Mrs. Tate!

Her hand stroked up and down my futa-dick. She suckled on me with such passion. Drool spilled down her chin. Her cheeks hollowed as she worked her mouth up my shaft. My cunt clenched at how amazing that felt.

I loved it. I savored the heat of her doing that. It was a rush. A fantastic treat to have her sucking with such passion. She brought me closer and closer to that moment of erupting. That fantastic moment of spurting all my cum into her mouth.

Mrs. Tate! I whimpered. I'm going to cum.

She danced her tongue around my clit-cock. I shuddered, my face twisting in delight. This was an outstanding bliss. She fisted up and down my cock as I heard talking. The curtain slid open and Poppy was there with my mother.

Poppy's eyes widened at the sight of the MILF sucking on my clit-cock like she didn't care. Poppy squeaked in shock and slammed the curtain shut again while I just shuddered. I was going to get kicked out of the store.

Damn, I whimpered. Oh, damn, that's so good! 

She danced her tongue around the crown of my girl-dick.

Mom! gasped Poppy. What are you doing in there? You're... She has a... You're sucking on her dick!

I believed I told you that my daughter had become a futanari and grew a clit-dick, Mom said. She has very special needs now, and your mother is helping her out.

Mrs. Tate ripped her mouth off and moaned, Poppy, it's my store. I'll help the customers how I want.

But Mom! gasped Poppy in protest as her mother ducked her head down and nuzzled into my fiery bush. What about Dad?

He's not here, sweetie, Mrs. Tate purred before she ran her tongue through my pussy folds. She stroked through my labia, brushing over my hymen. I shuddered as she licked to the base of the cock. And, um, our customer needs our help.

You don't even know her name, Mom? Poppy squeaked as her mother licked up my shaft. 

I don't need to know her name to love her futa-dick, purred the MILF. She swallowed the tip of my cock.

I groaned. It was so hot to have my mother and her daughter watching. The MILF bobbed her head. She worked her mouth up and down my dick. She suckled on me with such passion. I groaned, my cunt clenching at the feel of her doing that.

She rubbed her fingers through the folds of my cunt. She stroked my cuntlips with her fingers. She pushed into my labia and found my hymen. She flashed up her eyes to me. She swirled her tongue around my dick as she arched an eyebrow.

I shrugged, sheepishly. Why did it embarrass me that the MILF blowing my cock found out I had a virgin pussy? I mean, I was being watched by her shocked daughter and my horny mother.

Mom was squeezing her tits through that low-cut crop top of hers. Poppy just couldn't look away as that hot mouth worked up and down my girl-dick. She stared at her mother nursing on me. It was almost like she was... 

Impressed.

It wasn't the wild lust of a MILF, but that didn't mean she wasn't getting turned on by my big girl-dick. Or the fact her mother was bobbing her head and working her mouth up and down my futa-cock. Mrs. Tate suckled with such passion.

My pussy clenched as she nursed on me. Her fingers stroked my cunt all at the same time. That sent such a naughty rush through me. I groaned as she swirled her tongue around the crown of my cock. I shuddered, my face twisting with the delight of this moment. 

It was a magical moment to have her stroking both my pussy lips and sucking on my clit-dick.
Mrs. Tate, I whimpered.

Yes, yes, blow my futa-daughter's cock, whimpered Mom.

This is insane, Poppy groaned. She licked her lips.

Mom leaned over and latched onto my nipple. I groaned as she suckled on me. The pleasure shot down to my cunt. My pussy drank in all the naughty delights, feeding my ovaries with the building rapture. I groaned, the pressure growing in them.

The need to spurt all my cum onto the MILF's sucking mouth swelled at the tip of my cock. I loved it. My cunt clenched. The heat built and built in me. I groaned, the need to cum about to burst in me. Mom nibbled on my nipples. Mrs. Tate danced her tongue around the crown of my cock.

Oh, wow, I whimpered, my hands balling into fists. Oh, wow, this is amazing! Yes!

I erupted into Mrs. Tate's mouth.

Oh, Mrs. Tate! I whimpered, the pleasure surging through me.

Stars burst across my vision. They swirled before me as the ecstasy swept through my body. I groaned, my heart pounding in my chest. This was so good. This was such an amazing moment. I savored every last bit of it.

She gulped down my cum as my pussy juices soaked her finger rubbing at my twat. Waves of delight surged through my body. Jolts of ecstasy. The two passions became euphoria that swept over my mind.

I groaned, my head tossing back. That was incredible to experience. I quivered as my orgasm hit that wonderful peak. I emptied every drop of my spunk into the MILF's mouth. She suckled on me just to make sure she got it all out of me.

She had.

Oh, wow, Mrs. Tate, I breathed. I glanced at Poppy. Your mom is amazing at sucking my futa-dick.

I can't believe this, Poppy groaned. There are other customers. Are you done, Mom?

Mrs. Tate popped her mouth off my cock. Of course not. I have to have this cock in me. Fucking me. Mmm, and I think her mother needs that, too.

Mom popped her mouth off and purred, I'm Alexa. Alexa Green. This is my daughter Lisa.

Ginger Tate, purred the MILF. Lovely to meet you both. Mmm, let's go into the back. We can get wild.

Oh, yes, Mom groaned. She just turns me on.

I completely get why, purred the married woman. Ooh, I am so ready to just do some naughty things with her. She rose and stepped out, her ass swishing in that tight skirt of hers. She looked around and motioned to us. It's clear for her.

I stepped out of my jeans and grabbed my top. I followed Mom and Mrs. Tate out into the store. Poppy was helping another woman, their backs to us. We hurried to the back room, my futa-dick bobbing. This was not the shopping trip I thought we'd have.

We slipped through the Employee's Only door and into the back full of shelves of clothing boxes. A huge cardboard box full of hangers sat on a pallet. We headed back to what turned out to be a small break room with a couch and a TV. It was on but muted, showing some commercials.

Mmm, purred Mrs. Tate as she pulled off her blouse. She had a sexy, gray bra beneath with mauve lace trimming it. She wiggled out of her skirt and had matching panties with a high cut to them. You are so sexy, Lisa.

Thanks, I said. Your bra and panties are cute.

Perks of managing a lingerie store, she purred. Sadly, we don't carry this set any longer. Been a year.

Oh, that's a shame, Mom said. She had a red bra beneath her crop top that she quickly doffed to expose her big boobs. They bounced before her, swaying back and forth. 

Mrs. Tate's large tits came into view, too. I groaned and grabbed them. I bent over and rubbed my face between her tits. I loved the feel of them against me. They were so soft on my face. Just such a delight to have against me. 

I squeezed them, my futa-dick throbbing. She groaned, holding me to her tits. This was so hot. My cunt was burning. Juices soaked through my bush and trickled down my thighs. I breathed in her perfume. A flowery scent. She wiggled as she must have been taking off her panties with one hand.

Oh, you make me so wet, moaned the MILF. I know she's your daughter, but I just have to have her futa-dick in me.

I can sit on her face, Mom purred. She left a nice load of her cum in my pussy.

Yes, I groaned, so ready to eat a creampie out of Mom's pussy.

I pulled from Mrs. Tate and sank down on the couch. I quivered there, just short enough to stretch out my legs so my feet rested against one armrest while the other rubbed on the crown of my head. Mrs. Tate smiled at me, her pussy shaved save for a triangle patch of black hair on her pubic mound. 

Mom straddled me, her thick, auburn bush mated with my cum. I licked my lips, so eager to taste that jizz leaking out of her. This would be an amazing meal. She lowered her creampie to me, her sweet musk filling my nose.

Her wet curls rubbed on my face. I licked up the cum off her curls before her thick pussy lips kissed my mouth. I groaned at that delight. I tongued her with hunger. I licked and lapped at her with everything that I had. It was such a rush.

Oh, Lisa, Mom moaned.

Mmm, she's just feasting on you, isn't she? purred Mrs. Tate.

Oh, yes! answered mom. She squirmed on my face, tickling me.

I licked at her. Lapped at her with such hunger. She groaned, her back arching. She rubbed her twat on my mouth. My tongue danced through her folds. I stroked over her with hunger, gathering my cum from her sweet depths.

Mrs. Tate straddled me. She grabbed my throbbing futa-dick and pressed the tip into her pussy lips. I loved it, squirming on the couch cushion. Her married twat devoured my cock. I groaned as she sank into me. 

It was a thrill to have her pussy devour my girl-dick. She swallowed inch after inch of my cock. She just took me to the hilt. It was an incredible rush to have all that pleasure surging down my shaft and soaking my cunt.

Yes, I moaned into Mom's cunt.

Oh, that's so good, Lisa, Mrs. Tate moaned. Oh, my god, you have such a big dick. I love it!

I know! Mom purred. Ooh, she's tonguing all her cum out of my pussy. I rode her in the parking lot like you are now.

Oh, wonderful, Mrs. Tate moaned. Mmm, I've never had a cock this thick in me before.

She squeezed her cunt around my cock and slid up me. I groaned at the heat rushing through me. This was an incredible delight to enjoy. I shuddered, my heart pounding in my chest. This was a fantastic delight. Stars danced across my vision.

She groaned, working her twat up and down my dick. She squeezed her snatch around me, driving me wild with that amazing pussy. The married MILF moaned as she rode me. I shuddered, whimpering into Mom's pussy.

I thrust my tongue into her depths and scooped out more of my cum. I loved the taste of her sweet juices mixed with my girl-jizz. It was such a heady combination. Such an incestuous delight for me to savor. Especially with Mrs. Tate riding me.

Yes, the MILF moaned as she slammed her cunt down my futa-dick.

I loved the feel of the MILF's cunt devouring my cock. I tongued Mom's sloppy cunt as I reveled in the delight of this moment. I savored that hot snatch working up and down me. It was such a rush to have that hot twat working up and down me.

Mrs. Tate squeezed about my cock. She massaged me with her flesh and slid up me. I groaned into mom's twat as Mrs. Tate's juicy snatch polished my pole with her silky sheath. She worked up and down me, riding me.

Oh, my, your boobs are just bouncing, Mom groaned, more of my futa-cum leaking out of her depths.

They are, purred Mrs. Tate. I love riding a dick because I just love how they bounce.

Mmm, just so hypnotic. I have to touch them. May I?

I'm riding your futa-daughter's cock as she's tonguing your pussy. Mrs. Tate's hot cunt slid up my cock. Of course, you can!

I shuddered as I pictured Mom squeezing those big and lush tits. I imagined her fingers sinking into the pillowy flesh. I tongued her cunt, looking in her sweet depths for more of my salty futa-cum. I scooped it out of her.

She groaned as I did that. I licked at her with such passion, hungry to collect all my futa-jizz. I swirled my tongue through her sheath, caressing her silky pussy walls. I found more spunk and drew it out of her depths. 

I just wanted to make her cum. To have her explode and drown me in her pussy cream. That would be so hot.

Ooh, these are nice to play with, Mom moaned. Mmm, how do you like mine?

They were playing with each other's boobs? My futa-dick twitched in Mrs. Tate's cunt.

So soft and pillowy, purred Mrs. Tate. I get why guys like to play with them. I really, really do. That's nice.

Yes, groaned Mom. Ooh, that's it. Rub my nipples. Let's see how you like it when I return the favor.

Mrs. Tate's cunt clamped down on my cock as I pictured the two women using their fingers to massage the other's nipples. I loved this so much. My tongue swept through Mom's sweet pussy. She had such a yummy cunt. 

I thrust my tongue deep into her snatch. I danced it about in her, stirring up a glob of my futa-spunk with her juices. I scooped that out of her, the flavors melting through my tongue. I shuddered, Mrs. Tate's snatch giving me such delight.

Yes, I groaned.

Mmm, purred Mrs. Tate. I like that. Ooh, you're making my pussy feel so good as I ride your futa-daughter.

Wonderful, breathed Mom. Oh, twist my nipples. Yes, yes, just like that.

God, this was so hot. I plunged my tongue back into Mom's pussy, but the flavor of my own cum dwindled. I licked around in her cunt, searching for that jizz. It was getting harder and harder to find. The salty flavor of my futa-cum melted away, leaving only the sweet delight of her snatch.

I savored the taboo flavor of Mom's cunt as Mrs. Tate's pussy worked up and down my girl-dick. I swelled closer and closer to that moment when I would erupt. I trembled, my girl-cock throbbing and aching. This was so hot. 

This dick is going to make me explode, Mrs. Tate groaned. Oh, yes, yes, I love it.

Cum on my futa-daughter's sweet dick, purred Mom as I worked up and down her snatch, fluttering through her labia and driving her wild. Lisa! You darling daughter!

The pressure swelled and swelled in my ovaries. Mrs. Tate's pussy just felt so good massaging my futa-dick. I tongued Mom's cunt in fast circles. I wanted her drowning me, too. I ached to drink all the pussy cream gushing out of her twat.

I swirled my tongue around in her snatch. She shuddered on me as I did that. I brushed her clit, loving the way she squirmed on me. Her bush tickled my face. I breathed in her sweet musk as I stared at her asshole. 

She had such a beautiful asshole. I loved fucking it earlier. I bet Mrs. Tate would love it up the ass.

I suckled on Mom's clit as Mrs. Tate plunged her cunt down my cock and slid back up me. She squeezed in such a delightful way. I savored the way she did that. It was such an incredible rush. I hurtled toward my orgasm.

I would have a big one.

A mighty cum. 

Oh, my god, she moaned. I'm going to cum so hard on your futa-daughter's cock, Alexa!

Cum, Mom purred as I suckled on her clit. Because... Lisa, yes!

Her sweet and forbidden juices gushed out of her cunt and bathed my mouth. I groaned, drinking down her passion. I suckled down all her wonderful cream. I loved the taste of her. She had such a yummy pussy.

I licked and lapped at her with passion. My tongue danced around in her snatch. I stirred her up. She quivered on me, grinding her twat on my face as her programs swept through her. She moaned while Mrs. Tate plunged her cunt down my futa-dick.

Oh, fuck, yes! she gasped.

Her pussy went wild around my futa-dick. Her cunt spasmed with such passion. I loved it. I savored her hot twat rippling around me. She suckled on my futa-dick, the silky heaven rushing through me. Stars burst across my vision as I erupted.

Oh, yes, yes, Mrs. Tate! I squealed into Mom's pussy.

I fired blast after blast of my jizz into Mrs. Tate's married twat. I savored the cuckolding rush of flooding her pussy with my jizz. It was an incredible delight to have all that ecstasy sweeping through me. Stars burst across my vision. 

Um, Mom, Poppy said. Corporate's on the phone.

Mommy's cumming! she gasped, her pussy writhing around me. Give me a minute!

I shuddered, spurting blast after blast of cum into Mrs. Tate's writhing twat. She suckled at me with that hot flesh. I groaned, drinking Mom's sweet cunt cream as the ecstasy swept through my body. I groaned, loving every minute of this. My round breasts quivered as my pussy gushed juices.

I soaked the couch cushion with my passion as the MILF's hot twat milked out every drop of cum in my ovaries. A dizzying wave of delight swept over me. I groaned, stars twinkling before my eyes. This was such a wonderful moment.

Wow, groaned Mom as she squirmed on me.

Uh-huh, whimpered Mrs. Taste as I fired the last of my futa-cum into her snatch.

I licked at Mom's pussy. I swirled my tongue around her snatch and enjoyed every moment of lapping at her. I felt so good. Just so excited. I stroked through her again and again as I came down from my high.

Oh, I have to take this call, Mrs. Tate groaned. Poppy, honey, help Lisa find some nice trans-panties and matching bras. Cute and sexy stuff.

Sure, Mom, Poppy said. Ugh, I can't believe this has happened.

Mmm, purred Mom as she slipped off me.

I shuddered as Mrs. Tate climbed off my futa-dick. My cock grew soft as I stood. The MILF headed into an office. Mom sank onto the chair while Poppy had her back to us. I slid on my jeans and pulled on my shirt.

I headed up to Poppy and said, Um, sorry about fucking your Mom.

I mean, she's just out of control, she said. I guess you having a dick is neat. Poppy squirmed. Um, real neat.

Yeah, I said as we headed back out of the store. It's different. It's all so confusing. MILFs just seem to want to fuck me.

Must be such a chore, she said and flashed me a grin. Come on, let's find you some clothes before Mom gets off the phone and pounces on you.

Or some other MILF who walks in, I said, grinning back.

Laughing, we headed out into the store to finally do what I came here for.

To be continued...
