TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright c August 2000 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit.  
This story may be freely distributed for personal use with 
this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(M+/F, MF, Inter, MM, FemDom, Incest, Mdom, )

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ 
THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE 
READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE 
GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, 
PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, 
SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND 
OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES' MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE


Title:  Family Bonding Part 6
Author: C.D.E.

ABSTRACT: James, naive and virginal, is engaged to 
Judy, the daughter of the apparently loving, caring, 
sharing, closely knit Smith family.  James begins 
bonding with his new in-laws during their engagement, 
and after he eventually marries into the Smith family, 
he discovers that outward appearances of the Smith 
Family's image proves deceptive.


CAST:

Judy Smith-Fiancee/Wife
Judy's Mother - Mother Smith
James Jackson-Fiance/Husband
James's Mother -Mother Jackson 
James's Aunt- Aunt Jasmine


&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&
CONTINUED FROM PART 5


CHAPTER 20 EVENTS FROM OUR MARRIAGE: Surprise Visit

I at first thought my wife wasn't serious about 
me actually assuming the `mating view position'.  
However later, after seeing that she was dead serious, 
I tried to recant my violent objections to doing as 
she had requested of me.  You see I was most fearful 
of getting another whipping from her if she could 
claim I was not being cooperative with her.  However, 
she wouldn't accept my apology.  She instead deemed 
that I was to be whipped for my own good.  I pleaded 
and pleaded for her forgiveness as I followed her 
around the house like a puppy.  She finally told me 
she would consider my apology and would let me know 
later that evening after returning from shopping.

I was on pins and needles for over three hours, 
awaiting her return, as well as her decision.  

Sometime before she returned, Mother and Aunt 
Jasmine dropped by unexpectedly for a visit.

Within 20 minutes of their surprised arrival, Joe 
dropped by unexpectedly.  I don't know why I say 
unexpectedly, since he and Judd and Jeffery come by 
almost anytime they want to.  They might as well have 
their own house keys.

A few minutes later, Judd and Jeffery showed up 
also.  I didn't think anything about this.  In a way, 
I was almost glad, as I was sure that Judy would more 
than likely be too tied up entertaining them and have 
less time to be concerned about punishing me for 
something I'd already apologized for, as well had 
agreed to do, even if it was an abject disgrace to do 
it.

It was about ten minutes after Judd and Jeffery 
arrived that Judy's Mom and Dad arrived.  Their 
presence really took me by surprise.

"Howdy Jamie!"  Mr. Smith roared.

"Hello James, how my favorite son-in-law?"  
Judy's Mom asked.

"H-Hello Mr. Smith, Mother Smith, uh, I-I'm doing 
fine thank you."  I replied.  The surprise of seeing 
them was evident in the tone of my voice.

I invited them in.  They knew everyone.  I got 
them drinks.

The Smiths do occasionally visit, but I've always 
noticed that neither of them have ever made me perform 
sexual acts for them at our house.  With this 
knowledge of the past, I felt better that nothing of 
consequence would happen tonight other than an 
impromptu gathering of both Judy's and my family as 
well as her three lovers.

I easily mingled with everyone and served drinks.  
I was careful to avoid my father-in-law in the event 
he had plans that might include my mouth meeting up 
with his dick.

Mother, Aunt Jasmine, and Mother Smith carried on 
some spirited conversations with the guys about 
sports.  Mr. Smith, as usual, was glued to a nearby TV 
set.

 As They talked, I served drinks all around.  My 
Aunt and Mom have always treated the guys in a 
congenial manner, and have even referred to them as if 
they were like big brothers to me.  I could never 
figure that one out. However, I knew that she and my 
Aunt had no qualms about saying that the three were 
manlier than I was. Mother Smith had a similar 
assessment and has routinely likened the three as her 
pretend son-in-laws.  A label, while fairly close to 
the truth, irked me nevertheless.

Mother and Mother Smith watched Rodney, while I 
played host.

Later, Judy finally arrived.  After greeting 
everyone and carrying on some small talk, she 
whispered something to Aunt Jasmine as I was walking 
out to the kitchen for more drinks.

When I returned, Aunt Jasmine and our young son 
Rodney had left the room and there was a silence in 
the room as I walked in.

"James, put the tray of drinks down."  Judy said 
to me.  Even though caught off guard by her imperious 
request, I nevertheless did so.

  I didn't think anything of her request at the 
moment, but a split second later, I had good reason to 
be.

"James, darling, for your own good, I've decided 
to punish you for not eagerly embracing my request to 
assume the `mating view position' we discussed.  Yes, 
everyone here knows about this."  Judy's words shocked 
me.  I was speechless and horrified.  Terror filled me 
as I listened to my wife continue.

"We all will be going to the basement in a few 
minutes for your punishment.  All here will witness me 
punishing you.  But first, I want to say that I am 
doing this for your own good so as to help you see the 
error of your obstinacy and the positive value of 
cooperation in this marriage.  Severely treating this 
latest bout of mannishness you've experienced, can 
only be for the benefit of your behavioral disposition 
and the good of our marriage.  It is time to go to the 
basement darling.  I want you to know that this will 
hurt me more emotionally, than what you will feel 
physically, but I would be remiss if I didn't give you 
what you needed."  Judy made her long statement in a 
sort of judicial tone of voice.

I heard comments such as "Well said!"; "You're a 
good wife Judy.";  "That's my girl."; "It's good 
you're doing what needs to be done."   I was too 
stunned at what was going on around me to remember who 
said what.  All I knew was that I had been blind sided 
and was about to get a severe whipping in front of her 
three lovers, her folks, as well as my own Mother. 

I snapped out of my stunned state as the group 
started to rise from their seats.  I quickly fell to 
my knees before my wife, who was standing with her 
hands on her hips and looking very imperious and 
authoritative.

"P-Please Judy!  I-I beg you dear.  P-Please 
don't whip me.  I-I've agreed to do what you want.  I-
I won't object any more.  I'll always cooperate with 
you. P-Please dear... Please forgive me.  I-I I didn't 
mean to make you angry.  P-Please darling, let me off 
just this once."  I pleaded with tears in my eyes.

My wife simply shook her head once, side to side.  
It was very clear that she was resolute about her 
decision.

I was still on my knees when I was literally 
picked up by each arm.  Joe was on one side and Judd 
on the other.  The two literally carried me down the 
basement stairs.  I pleaded and cried all the way down 
and also while I was being strapped to the table.  

I didn't resist or struggle as the two men 
strapped me down. I knew that would only add to my 
plight.  I had learned that lesson well from my Mother 
and Aunt when they'd put me on this same table so many 
times.  They always gave me extra lashes for resisting 
their efforts to secure me.

To make a long story short, the group gathered 
around as my wife lashed my naked ass cheeks with Mr. 
Fanbelt.  Tape was put over my mouth to keep me from 
irritating the baby with my screams.

I wiggled and struggled against my bonds.  It was 
of course to no avail, as the painful strikes rained 
down hard on me.

I could hear Mother giving Judy many compliments 
as she wielded the instrument of pain.  Mother Smith 
also joined in the praise of her daughter's corporal 
punishment efforts.

Later I heard Mother Smith excuse herself so that 
she could relieve my Aunt, who was baby-sitting, so 
that my Aunt Jasmine could come down and `see the 
splendid job that you're doing for James' - her words 
to Judy as she left the room.  Moments later, I heard 
Aunt Jasmine echoing many of Mother's complimentary 
comments after her arrival on the scene.

I only heard occasional chuckles from Judy's 
three lovers.  Mr. Smith's rancorous laughter was very 
evident above that of the others.  All I could do was 
sob greatly but quietly.  All my screams of pain were 
muted by the tape over my mouth.

After my whipping, including a very painful 
ointment rub by Aunt Jasmine, I was lead back upstairs 
and ordered to wash dishes and clean up the kitchen. 
Still sobbing and whimpering, I had to don an ornate 
pink pinafore my wife handed me and I meekly went 
about the chores I'd been ordered to do.  Everyone was 
still watching my utter humiliation and emasculation 
with warm smiles on their faces.  The whole scene was 
so disconcerting.  I definitely wasn't enjoying 
myself.

While I washed dishes, I sobbed and whimpered 
over the sink of soapy warm water and dirty plates and 
pots.  The others were in the family room and I was 
alone to do my chores.

I was alone at last and glad to be so. My ass 
still had lingering aches from the lashings I'd taken.  
It was very clear to me now that Judy had established 
herself firmly as the head of our household and 
marriage. I also knew that my role as an enslaved 
husband was resoundingly confirmed.

I lamented and took my frustration out on the 
dirty dishes before me.  It was the safest way I could 
think of, as I scrubbed and scoured the burnt residue 
in a pot I was trying to clean.  Between the rubbing 
noise of me scoring the burnt pot and the running 
water, I didn't hear Mr. Smith enter the kitchen.

"Jamie, you look right at home doing woman's 
work, and I might say that fancy apron is right pretty 
too."

My heart skipped a beat as he loomed over me 
before I knew he was upon me.  He was at least a full 
head taller than I was and much, much more brawny and 
muscular.

Caught off guard by his interest, I was 
speechless as my face turned red, mostly from terror 
and fright.

"Jamie, I'm gonna have to interrupt your dish 
washing fun.  My dick has a hankering to be sucked and 
it would like you to do the honor of doing it."

"H-Here?  M-Mr. Smith, p-please not here in o-our 
house.  Y-You know with the b-baby here.  T-They might 
b-bring it in h-here at any..." I stammered before he 
cut me off.

"Naw, my wife and the others ain't gonna let that 
happened.  I told `em what you and I gonna be doing."

"Y-You t-told...  T-They all..."

"Yeah.  They all know you gonna be sucking my 
dick for me as you kneel right here at this sink.  In 
your pretty pink apron too, I might add.  Now dry your 
hands, drop to your knees and take out my dick so you 
can do some woman's work on it."  Mr. Smith's tone of 
voice implied he was serious.

I looked up at him.  I saw the familiar hand form 
a fist, which I was so familiar with.  Even though 
he'd never hit me, it always cowed me. It seemed my 
knees gave way involuntarily as I was contemplating 
the hurt his fist would cause me.  A few seconds later 
I found myself on my knees and unbuckling the belt to 
his pants.

I was so intimidated that my hands were shaking 
as I drew the fly zipper of his trousers down and 
gently tugged at them.  They quickly fell to his 
ankles.  The imprint of his large penis was very 
evident in his jockey shorts.  As I slipped my fingers 
in the elastic band and pulled them down to free his 
organ, it rolled out free and seemed to start to swell 
instantly.  The pee slit of his enormous cock flipped 
across my face and left a smear of pre-cum as it slid 
over my lips.

"You know what to do with it, so don't play 
around."  Mr. Smith roared.

Moments later after grasping his swelling dick 
meat and fondling it in the manner he desired, I soon 
had my mouth filled with his heated stiff erection.

Mr. Smith caressed the back of my head as I did 
what he liked me to do for him.  I hoped that none of 
our other guests would walk in on me at that moment.  
Neither Mother nor Aunt Jasmine had ever seen me 
sucking a dick.  I didn't want this to be the first 
time either.  I put my best into mouthing him as well 
as kneading his big balls, hoping to get him off as 
soon as possible.

My worse fear was realized in the worse way.  In 
walked Aunt Jasmine as she led Joe by the hand.

"My, my.  You two certainly look busy, especially 
you James dear. You look so cute with your lips 
stretched around a nice big dick.   But that's all 
right, you don't have to say a thing.  Besides, you 
shouldn't try to talk with your mouth full."  My Aunt 
said gleefully as she concluded her comment with a 
chuckle.  Joe joined her with a slightly louder laugh.

However, they didn't pay much attention to me.  
They soon embraced and gave each other a very 
passionate French kiss.  I could only see them out of 
the corner of my eye, but it looked like they were two 
wrapped up in each other to concern themselves with my 
situation.

As I knelt there trying to hurry Judy's Dad to 
empty his cream in my sucking mouth, I was forced to 
endure watching Joe fucking Aunt Jasmine on the edge 
of the kitchen table.  The contrast of Joe's large 
black member sliding in and out of my Aunt's stretched 
white cunt was quite a scene.

Joe had helped Aunt Jasmine take off her panties 
and hiked up her skirt as she parted her legs and took 
his enormous stiff penis in her obviously wet well-
juiced gash.  She wrapped her legs around Joe's waist 
as he held her ass cheeks and gave her a royal 
fucking.  To my utter surprise Joe came in my Aunt the 
same time Mr. Smith emptied his bloated balls down my 
throat.

"That was mighty fine bonding Jamie."  Mr. Smith 
said as he put away his softened dick and zipped up.

I could only look up at him in disgust, as I got 
up off my knees and got a drink to wash away the taste 
of his heavy slime, which coated my mouth's interior.

The sad thing about all the cum I'd eaten from my 
father-in-laws balls is that I'd gotten use to the 
taste of his and the other fellows' fresh hot cock 
cream.  I hated I'd become acclimated to the taste of 
hard dick meat and fresh hot semen.  The creamy taste 
had  become quite palatable, but I knew I couldn't 
admit that to anyone.  I even tried to hide it from 
myself. I've also repeatedly tried  to deny to myself 
that I took more delight than I desired to admitting 
in slurping, sucking and eating up my wife's gooey 
messy creampies, made up of her pussy juices and other 
men's bountiful outpouring of semen.

However, I knew I had to portray that I detested 
such perverted, un-masculine behavior as I'd been 
subjected to.  After all, I did have some vestiges of 
manliness to protect, no matter that others around me 
were constantly attacking and defeating me at every 
attempt I tried to exhibit it.

Just as I washed away the film of Judy's Dad's 
heavy jism that coated my gums, Aunt Jasmine spoke.

"James, you surely aren't going to neglect Joe 
and I are you?  C'mon over here and bond with us too."  
She said in a mellow tone of voice.

It took me a moment to realize what she was 
talking about.  As she pointed to Joe's languished wet 
black meat and her jism smeared pussy meat, it became 
all too obvious what was desired of me.

I knew it was useless to raise any sort of 
objection.  I sheepishly went over and knelt before 
them.  I was directed to lap Joe's mighty meat clean 
first.  After mouthing and cleaning him up, all under 
the watchful beaming face of my aunt,  I settled down 
to slurping her soggy drippy snatch clean.  Joe left 
us as she ended up wrapping her legs around my neck.  
She got off again from my licking and lapping efforts.

"The Smiths are right, you do bond wonderfully, 
James dear."  Aunt Jasmine said after composing 
herself as she left to rejoin the others in the family 
room.

Moments later, after washing the taste of Aunt 
Jasmine and Joe from my mouth, Mother and Judd came 
into the kitchen.  They were just as amorous and 
screwed on the table just as Aunt Jasmine and Joe. 

It was gut wrenching to watch a guy screw my mom, 
especially since I'd sucked his dick so many times.  
And just as before with Aunt Jasmine and Joe, I had to 
do clean up bonding on those two also. 

 As with Aunt Jasmine, mother seemed to delight 
in seeing my lips wrapped around Judd's giant tool as 
I milked him thoroughly and cleaned the fuck slime 
from his cock.

After sucking Judd's bountiful load of viscous 
jism from Mother's pussy, she patted me on the head 
and complimented me also for the great job I'd done in 
cleaning her up as well as getting her off with my 
tongue.

This left me more depressed as I went back to my 
chores.  However, I was interrupted twice more. Mother 
Smith and Jeffery came into the kitchen next and 
fucked.  At the end of their mating, as with the 
others, I was invited to bond again, as I knelt and 
performed a clean up of their combined sexual 
messiness.

Just when I thought the worse was over, Judy and 
her dad came in for a fuck.  I couldn't believe her 
father was so randy after the heavy load he'd shot off 
between my lips, not that long ago.  Well, to make a 
long story short, they fucked in a wanton and abandon 
manner right in my presence, almost as if I wasn't 
even there.

Of course, as they came down from their sexual 
high, they recognized my presence and invited me to 
perform some good old fashion family bonding - Smith 
Family style. 

 Judy had a beaming smile as she looked down on 
me lapping and suckling on her dad's wet slimy dick.  
After he left to rejoin the others in the family room, 
she really seemed aroused.  My wife pulled my head 
tightly to her wet sloppy muff and gyrated her well-
fucked wet crotch all over my face.  She had a rousing 
come.

"Darling, I love you so much.  I'm so glad you're 
back to being your old self.  I know you might think 
I'm being harsh on you, that is when I apply the 
treatment you need to keep you being cooperative and 
agreeable.  However, as I said, I'd be remiss as your 
loving wife if I didn't.  Also remember, it's for the 
good of our marriage too."  

Judy embraced me warmly as she whispered her 
expression of love in my ear. My wife's words, as in 
previous times and in similar situations, were not 
comforting.  She gave the impression that I should be 
thankful for `her treatment'.  I said nothing but 
relished the tender moment with her.  I knew I was 
trapped in a hopeless situation where cooperation 
meant total obedience, not collaborative consensus 
involving give and take negotiations.

Later, as everyone was leaving, I heard Mother 
and Aunt Jasmine expressing in a most sincere and 
warmhearted manner, how delightful it was for Judy to 
invite them over to observe that their wedding 
presents - the whipping table and homemade whips - 
were being utilized so well.  I cringed at their 
various compliments as I felt a continuous ache in 
rear.

"Judy dear, Jasmine and I are so very delighted 
at how well you're managing your household. We are 
very contented knowing that our James has a loving 
wife who cares so much for his welfare and is not 
reluctant to exercise good judgment and take proper 
disciplinary action when it's warranted."  I heard 
Mother say in a warm, glowing affectionate tone of 
voice as she hugged her daughter-in-law goodnight.

Aunt Jasmine also expressed a similar sentiment.  

"Judy, you indeed did the right thing tonight. 
Our James must never be allowed to forget how 
important cooperation and a husband's support to his 
wife is in a marriage.  After all, if you're making 
the sacrifice of getting screwed, inseminated, and 
then bearing a child, all basically to protect his 
job, as well as the marriage. I agree that it's the 
least he can do is to be by your side at the moment of 
conception."  Aunt Jasmine's tone, just like mother's, 
was one of affection, endearment, and strong support. 
I glanced around as she now warmly embraced my wife in 
a goodbye hug.  I could only stare at her for making, 
what I considered, an outlandish statement.

"Anyway, Judy, we know it's wicked what the guys 
are doing, but Jasmine and I think it's also sort of 
cute too.  Anyway, they are three such nice young men, 
I don't mind them siring grand kids for me.  Plus, I'm 
sure you and them are sure to make some pretty 
babies."  Mother said in a gleeful tone.

"I second that motion."  Aunt Jasmine interjected 
with a big smile.  "Also, I told our James he should 
look at the bright side.  He's going to be getting 
three beautiful kids and won't have to do a lick of 
the real hard work of fucking." 

"Well, Mother Jackson and Aunt Jasmine, he may 
not have to do any fucking, but he will be doing some 
licking."  My wife said smiling.  All three instantly 
broke out in un-lady like laughter.

I was outraged, but sadly, not surprised at the 
cavalier jest and derision of me by the three dearest 
women in my life.  I knew the three all sincerely 
loved me in their own ways, as each has informed me of 
that countless times.  However, it's so unfortunate 
that their interpretation of love is so different from 
the norm.  Alas, I have therefore accepted my fate, 
that I will have to accept their loving ways, even if 
emotionally and physically painful, as well as 
abjectly degrading most of the time.

 After the basement scene, there was no doubt I 
would be assuming the `mating view position' as our 
new family additions were being conceived. Indeed, I 
was at the juncture of my wife and each of her lovers' 
coupled, heated genitals, when she was inseminated 
with each of our three youngest children.  


CHAPTER 21 EVENTS FROM OUR MARRIAGE: The Rest of The 
Story

Well, I'm back to where I started telling my tale 
of woe.

As you readers might've remembered from an 
earlier part of my story, I was concerned about the 
possibility of my wife having kids from her three main 
lovers.  

I was especially concerned about her having a 
black baby from Joe.  Well as you now know, it 
happened. 

I, of course, go through many public situations 
of being embarrassed by having our pretty black 
daughter calling me "Daddy".  She's our youngest and 
as you might expect, her vocabulary is limited so she 
says `Mama'  and `Daddy' frequently.
 
And as you might expect, we as a couple 
experience all the  double looks and stares from many 
on-lookers, as Judy and I go through our everyday 
parenting and family responsibilities with our family. 

 The biggest difference is that Judy doesn't seem 
to have any problems with embarrassing moments about 
being the mother of a black baby, or any of `our' 
other kids, which I didn't father.  None of which, as 
I may have mentioned before, come close to looking 
anything like me.  

In fact, she always seems very eager to reveal 
her self as the biological mother and that all our 
children were conceived and born while we were 
married.  She also likes to stress that we've never 
had a marital separation.

"Oh no, my sweet James, bless his heart, he's a 
jewel of a husband, as he's honored his marriage vows 
and has never left my side, even though four different 
men got me pregnant over the years of our marriage, 
and demanded I carry each of their babies to term."

My wife would just as quickly tell such things to 
a stranger in a supermarket or a close acquaintance or 
distant family relative.  To say I cringed in anger 
and utter embarrassment at such moments when I'm with 
her, would be an understatement.  She has repeatedly 
ignored my demanding pleads to not say such things.

She replies that I'm infringing on her free 
speech rights.  I've almost given up trying to stop 
her.  What can I do?

My wife also seems to have me carrying our 
daughter - named Josephine, by Joe - who is only 16 
months old, in my arms quite a bit when we're in 
public.  Josephine is light brown skin and has many of 
her mother's facial features.

Additionally, it's not unusual for her to 
emphasize or repeatedly mention in her conversations, 
that even though I'm not their real father I'm the 
kids' devotedly attached daddy.  Which is true, I 
enjoy our four kids.  However, her words always seem 
to have an embarrassing ring to it when she expresses 
herself to others about this matter.

  It also appears now that Judy is not interested 
in having anymore kids, so I've giving up the idea of 
us two having any together.  When I do bring it up, 
she always reminds me that we have all the kids we can 
afford.  With the cost of raising kids these days, 
it's hard to rebuff her argument.

Judy is an excellent mother to the kids, and has 
been a good, very supportive, but assertive, wife to 
me, even if she does give her steady lovers - Jeffrey, 
Judd and Joe - preference over me when it comes to 
sex. 

 I guess I can expect them to continue to have 
priority, since they are the superior, or alpha males, 
in our marital arrangement.  I generally have sexual 
access to my wife only after they've been with, and in 
her. 

 It always just seems to work out that way.  I 
suspect she plans it to happen that way, but anyway, 
I've adapted to dealing with the situation and have 
accepted feeding on her overflowing creampies as a 
normal part of my conjugal activities.  

When we do have sex, it's customary for me to 
always go down on her first and tongue her to an 
orgasm.  It's well known I can't come close to getting 
her off just with my prick, as I can't seem to last 
more than a minute or two in her hot juicy cunt.  I'm 
also not a quick recharger either.  Besides, her cunt 
is so stretched from all the other guys' giant cocks, 
I'm not making much contact when I try to put it in 
anyway.

Whenever she wants me to give her head, there's 
always semen in her cunt from one of my `husbands-in-
law'.  However, she gets an extra thrill from knowing 
I'm licking up another man's jism from her very fucked 
muff.  I know this turns my wife on. This is what I do 
best in providing her sexual pleasure.

As you might expect. I don't get to put it in her 
that much anyway. I think last year she let me put in 
three times - my birthday, Christmas and our 
Anniversary.  Come to think of, she did give me head 
twice as we did a sixty-nine.  As usual, her cunt was 
full of one or more of my `husband-in-laws' jism. 

 She always want to be on top when we do this, as 
she says that being on top causes for good cunt 
drainage into my mouth and reduces the amount of 
sucking I have to perform.  I guess I should be 
thankful for her concern about me in that regard.

If we don't sixty-nine with her getting me off 
with her sweet lips, she's often too tired for me to 
put it in after I tongue and lap her to several 
rousing orgasms.  She says my oral actions gives her 
more intense orgasms, but takes more out of her, than 
those comes given her by my three `husbands-in-law' 
with the thorough deep fucking they always give her.  
Hence, the reason why she is too exhausted to let me 
put it in most of the time after I mouth her oozing, 
sperm filled pussy. 

 Usually, except for special occasions when she 
lets me put it in - as I've mentioned earlier - she'll 
jerk me off for my relief.  That is, if she's not to 
tired.  Otherwise, she may ask me to jack my own self 
off.

However, despite having to jack myself off a lot, 
I must admit that I'm rather proud and thrilled at my 
personal achievement. That is, that I give her better 
orgasms with my lips, tongue, and skillful sucking 
action than my three `husbands-in-law', with their 
awesome sturdy members.

 However, in spite of everything else in our 
marriage, my wife really seems to have a genuine deep 
love for me.

It appears that her dominance over me, with the 
associated humiliations that she has directly or 
indirectly, contributed to, has lead to her having 
deeper love for me over the years.

By her having irrefutable proof of such overt 
humiliations, for example, kids from other men; her 
love seems to grow for me as the instances of abject 
humiliation increase for me.

I, of course, have problems with my wife's 
philosophy and outlook on our relationship, but I know 
I'm almost powerless to do much about it.  Between 
her, her lovers, her family and the dominance over me 
by my family, I am virtually trapped in this 
relationship.  Yet, In a strange way, I do have great 
love for my wife.  However, I continue, as best I can, 
to fight the humiliations she always seems ready to 
dump on me. 

 It appears that it's my trying to fight and 
resist her will, and then being defeated soundly by 
her, as she trounces me under foot, so to speak, is 
what apparently makes her feel even more affectionate 
to me.  She seems to delight, even more, each 
successive time I fail - I never seem to win - or when 
some other manner of abject humiliation overwhelms me.

 Anyway, all in all, we do have a stable, loving 
marriage, and all `our' kids have grown on me.  I 
treat them no differently than if they were my own. I 
concentrate fully on my daily duties and obligations 
as a good daddy, and of course, as an affectionate, 
but well-behaved husband.

#####END#####


Comments?  C.D.E. at ccwriter@hotmail.com

My stories are archived at www.asstr.org

