Author: Pescador del Valle
Title: Assassin
Part: Chapter 21 of 27
Summary: Ass, sass and sin.  A young assassin does more 
than befriend people when he tries to get close to his 
targets.
Keywords: Mf-nosex, ff-nosex
Language: English
Copyright: 2009

*********************************************
*                 WARNING!                  *
* This text file contains sexually explicit *
* material. If you do not wish to read this *
* type of literature, or you are under age, *
*      PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!      *
*********************************************

Comments appreciated : 
  see Pescador del Valle on www.asstr.org/authors.html
*********************************************************
Getting close to a slippery bastard like Adam Pringle 
involved me befriending his children, making him think I 
was screwing his daughter while making sure he didn't 
find out I was also screwing her twin brother.

Building a cover story somehow had me also screwing my 
foster-sister Anna as well as two of her friends Hailey 
and Rosalie.  Fortunately I *DIDN'T* fall in love with 
the Pringle twins.  Unfortunately...

*********************************************************
Sunday Morning

Knock!  Knock!  Knock!

"Anna!  Wake up!"

"Okay Ma.  I'm up."

She was also beside me on the floor.  I hadn't woken 
during the night as I would customarily have done.

"I'll just get Roger moving.  Breakfast in ten."

I gave Anna a kiss and headed naked out the window and 
across the roof, hoping none of the neighbours were 
watching.

"Ma?"  I heard Anna behind me as I ducked under the 
intervening windows.

"Do you know if my blue bra is in the laundry?"

Good girl!  Anna was on the ball.

I dove into my room and pulled my shorts on.  Before Ma 
was halfway down the corridor I was approaching her and 
entering my bathroom.

"Morning Ma."

"Good morning Roger."

I could see her appraising my body - I was only clad in 
my boxer PJs.  I was fit and, even with the age 
difference, must have looked good to Ma.  I didn't 
realise that the marks on my back were as prominent 
though.

---

At breakfast Ma was attentive to both of us but when we 
continued on about Hailey and Rosalee at the bowling 
alley we must have confused her more.

I had openly spoked to Ma about feeling something for 
Anna but I had also said I felt something for Rosalee and 
Hailey as well.  Since we tended to be all together when 
we went out it must have difficult for Ma to imagine, not 
*HOW* I got the marks but who gave them to me.  I doubt 
she got anywhere near the truth.

I filled two water bottles and threw them into a small 
backpack with some snack bars.  We didn't really have 
anywhere special to go - it was more a chance to spend 
some quality non-sexual time together.

We walked towards the river and the bridges I had crossed 
a few times in my nocturnal excursions.  Once out the 
front door we held hands, no longer concerned if Ma was 
watching out the windows.

It was still cool and Anna snuggled up beside me after a 
couple of blocks and wondered if she dared suggest 
sleepovers with the others.

She was quite conscious that I would not be welcome at 
the other houses on such a basis and even sneaking into 
Hailey's again would be near impossible.

I pointed out that Ma would probably consider it more 
favourably if there were a special holiday involved and 
Anna started counting through they year.

"If you are getting together that often you are going to 
get caught eventually.  What are you going to say?"

Anna didn't pick up any implication that I would be 
absent from my question.

"Yeah, well you and I are kind of natural; thrown 
together by circumstance, immediate predictable dislike 
turning to love..."

"I've never disliked you Anna."

"Yeah well I guess I was only miffed when I thought you 
were a peeping tom - and I wasn't good enough to hang 
around for."

"I did look in - you were reading."

"I'm glad you did."

"I'm glad you caught me.  We might have lost so much time 
if I'd had to get up the nerve to say anything to you."

"Or Rosalee or Hailey would have stolen your heart.  I 
hate the idea of you falling for both of them and not for 
me - now I know what I would have missed."

"I know I would have been worse off."

Anna unerringly jumped back to the point of our 
conversation where I had interrupted her.

"I don't know how I could explain Rosalee and Hailey.  
I'd love Ma and Dad accepting them but even one girl 
lover would be pushing it - two plus you!?  I don't think 
so."

"And I don't see us convincing three separate sets of 
parents that I'm only interested in *THEIR* daughter.  
Not before we are old enough to go our own way."

"That seems years away."

There was a small park by the side of the path - a little 
area really only big enough for walkers to take a rest in 
pleasant surroundings.  We stopped and sat.

"Anna you had first call on my affections and, though you 
don't have all my heart now, you have a pretty big chunk 
of it.  I don't know where life if going to take us but 
whenever I am able to stand on my own feet you can count 
on me checking to see how things stand between us before 
I approach anyone else.  I loved you first, I hope to 
love you always."

It was a promise I hoped I would be able to keep as well.  
If I left and worked for another five years then I could 
well come back and speak to Anna, then to Rosalee and 
finally to Hailey.  I would be able to see just what time 
had wrought.

If they had no new love and still felt for me I would be 
there unless I had changed myself.  Then I could at least 
offer honest closure.  If they felt for each other I 
should be able to support us all.

If any or all of them had changed their feelings for each 
other but not for me then I would need to make some 
awkward decisions.  Perhaps by then I would have the 
necessary additional maturity not to make them too 
painful.  Surely no future decision could be as bad as 
having to leave them now.

I know it sounds stupid that we felt that way after only 
a couple of weeks but at sixteen you fall heavily when 
you fall in love - there is nothing to compare it with.  
I guess at nineteen I was no different from the girls, 
not having had much affection before.

Even Ma had shown me as much affection as my own mother 
had given me during my early years and much more than the 
later ones.  I didn't get hugs and kisses but at least 
they sincerely looked out for my best interests.  Was it 
any wonder that I did fall for those who did shower me 
with hugs and kisses as well?

So what about Kyra and Mark?  They had been equally 
attentive, indeed affectionate.  Was I so attuned to the 
job that I could compartmentalise my life?

I felt I had.  I had approached friendship and sex with 
the Pringle twins as a necessity; the same with Anna, 
Rosalee and Hailey was by contrast sheer pleasure.

On the seat in the park Anna sat on my lap with her arm 
around me.  We kissed as boyfriend and girlfriend rather 
than as lovers and it was fun.  We had jumped right past 
the level of uncertain beginnings to lusty explorations.  
We had still had our uncertainties but none had been the 
"does she/he want me to kiss him/her" dilemmas of teen 
dating.

We didn't go back quite that far but rather explored the 
stage where we knew we both wanted to kiss but weren't 
about to push the boundaries further - yet.

The big advantage we had then was that neither felt 
awkward about kissing; neither of us was worried we had 
to touch one another or if we didn't touch in other than 
a friendly way.

The disadvantage as I saw things was that most young 
couples setting out had a future.  Even if I returned in 
five years I wasn't optimistic.

I wasn't going to spend my last days with Anna, hours 
perhaps, regretting that they were the last.  That would 
only waste the time we had.  I held her against me and 
let my lips explain exactly how much I loved her.

"I wish we had somewhere we could go.  I don't mean right 
now, though that would be nice.  I mean where we could be 
together and Rosalie and Hailey could either visit or 
stay with us."

I thought of the Pringle's Hacienda.  I really would have 
to find out whether it was going to be available.  If my 
exit strategy allowed me to return then I liked that 
property as a base.  It would be one way that my time 
with the three girls need not end.

But I couldn't say anything to Anna, not yet, perhaps not 
for years, maybe never.  That didn't mean we couldn't 
make plans together that would describe "what if?"

"Well then, suppose I had a nice house, maybe with a 
stable and enough land to ride on - do you like horses?"

"I haven't had much to do with them but I think they are 
beautiful animals."

"You can muck out the stables then."

"Thanks.'

"Well we'll have the house plenty big enough for guests - 
it has a lovely big spa and it's located far enough from 
anyone that you don't have to worry about neighbours 
noticing if you are naked when you sunbathe or soak in 
the spa or even ride the horses."

"That sounds perfect - perhaps a little expensive 
though."

"In that life we can afford it.  With room enough for 
Rosalee and Hailey, could you live with them?"

"Is that a condition?"  Anna was serious now.

"No I was just wondering how you felt."

"I like being able to go to sleep with you; I really like 
being able to wake up with you.  I know if the others 
were there they would have good reason to expect to share 
those moments as well.  The chance to spend the night 
with each of them would be pretty neat as well though so 
maybe I wouldn't miss you quite as much."

"I don't think they would like missing out on the times 
*YOU* and they spend together.  I think that while the 
four of us certainly have fun all together we need to 
have some "just us" time too."

"I know I value it, but you are talking like we can make 
it happen."

"If we don't try, it won't.  I'm willing to try - how 
about you?"

"You know I will."

"All we have to do is convince six parents that it is a 
good idea."

"Yeah, *ALL*!"

We'd spent about half an hour walking and another thirty 
minutes sitting while an occasional person, couple or 
group went by.  Most just nodded and one older couple 
scowled at us being so forward in public!

I suggested we move on and Anna stood.  She made her own 
suggestion that I'd got her to shift because my legs 
needed some relief from her weight.  I offered to let her 
sit there again until we had to return home instead.

"No.  I like walking with you too."

We followed the river for a couple of kilometres and took 
the track away from the water when the path branched.  It 
led to a small shopping centre and a burger outlet.  We 
entered and I gave Anna a couple of dollars and suggested 
she get a drink for us to share while I used the men's 
room.

It was empty - I checked as soon as I entered and while I 
was using the urinal another customer came in.

"5 for 5 plus a cook."

I showed no sign I'd heard him as he headed into the 
stall.  Oh well, a cook who stayed overnight rather than 
Julia.  It was one less matter to concern me.

There was nothing about the circumstances; no suggestion 
the family had been caught unawares as they slept or had 
been struggling to escape.  I would hear that soon 
enough.

I rejoined Anna.

She was overjoyed to be sitting with me in public, able 
to cuddle and even to share the restrictive sort of kiss 
that wouldn't have us asked to leave.  I had been aware 
of the presence of some of her friends and classmates 
(and some of mine) before we had opened the door.  Now I 
noticed her subtle glances around the room checking that 
those we knew were aware of the physical signs of 
affection that were passing between us.

I didn't have the heart to even suggest it no longer 
mattered if her parents knew all.  Anna knew I'd spoken 
of her mother knowing we were romantically involved but 
Ma hadn't sat down with her yet - until she did, Anna 
wouldn't consider things had changed.

We left after nodding or chatting to a couple of people 
and headed along the highway that would take us home.

If we wanted to we could go past Rosalee's or Hailey's 
home or even both of them but they would likely be at 
Mass or getting ready for Sunday dinner.  As I had 
already said this was going to be Anna's time I didn't 
even mention the possibility.

As often happens, the way home seemed to require less 
time than the way out - probably due to the stopovers in 
the park and at the burger barn.

We had been due back at noon and came in soon after 
eleven.  As a matter of course, we disengaged arms when 
we came into view of the house.  We didn't want to push 
our relationship too far into Ma's face and possibly end 
up with unwanted additional strictures.

"How was your walk?"

"The river path is beautiful.  You should come with us 
next week; it would do you good."

Ma considered us.  If we *WERE* an item would we ask her 
to join us?  Were we still trying to work out if it was 
friendship or love?  And yet there was the matter of my 
back.

"Well you can have an early lunch then.  Anna, I've got a 
uniform for you.  I'll bring it up to check it fits 
properly."

I emptied out the water remaining in our bottles, rinsed 
them and refilled them to sit in the refrigerator until 
needed again.  While I was busy Ma took Anna upstairs.

In Anna's room Ma handed Anna a coffee shop blouse.  "See 
if you need a bigger size."

Ana didn't hesitate and Ma was relieved by an absence of 
any hickeys or suspicious scratches on her body.  She 
wasn't entirely reassured - an absence of proof is not 
proof of absence.

"Anna I think we need to talk.  Things have changed in 
this house since Roger has arrived.  I guess the main one 
was you convincing me that you should go on the pill.  I 
accepted you were interested in a boy at school and I 
believed that, by raising the issue of contraception 
before you needed it, you were taking the matter 
seriously enough to trust you to think carefully before 
you took *THAT* step."

Anna sat on her bed next to her mother and waited to hear 
what was about to come.  As she did she looked down at 
the floor where she had asked me to fuck her hard and 
fast only hours before.  How she managed to control her 
expression was amazing.

"Since then you've been out with Roger on two occasions 
when he has been with Rosalee and Hailey - both lovely 
girls, I am sure.  You haven't however mentioned any 
other boy.  Am I right in thinking that the boy at school 
was Roger all along?" 

Anna knew there was no point in lying about that matter.  
I had said I liked her and Ma wasn't stupid.  If Anna 
*HAD* to lie then it was better to keep the karmic 
imbalance for something more important.

"Yes."

"Now Roger has said he likes you as well as the other 
girls.  Is that how you see things?"

"Yes, and we all think he's special."

"The fact that you aren't scratching each other's eyes 
out suggests he's certainly that.  He's not playing you 
off against each other is he?  Having you compete for his 
favours?"

"No.  Nothing like that.  We each like him and we know he 
likes the three of us.  I guess we're waiting to see 
whether one of us wins or not."

"And does sex feature in this competition?  You're not 
offering yourselves in an attempt to win?"

"I'm not really comfortable talking about this.  Did you 
talk to your mother about when you were thinking of 
having sex with your boyfriend?"

"No, but I was older, I'd known the boy for a couple of 
years and had been dating him for a few months - and, 
just for the record, it wasn't your father.  You're still 
sixteen, have known Roger for three weeks and have two 
competitors for his affection.  I think I need to be a 
bit more worried that you aren't finding yourself 
pressured into situations you aren't able to give 
adequate thought to in the time you are being allowed.

"People in a hurry make poor decisions that they regret 
when they have time to think things through.  I only want 
to give you a chance to slow things down so you can do 
your thinking first - you are still going to have to make 
your own decisions but I want you to be happy to live 
with them."

"Thank you Ma.  We've all kissed Roger.  I know I'd like 
to do more but Rosalee and Hailey are around as well.  
Today was the first time we've been out together except 
when he took me to the Mall and to the movies - and 
neither of those were close to being a date.  Today we 
walked and talked and held hands - and yes we kissed.  It 
was beautiful and I think I love him so much it hurts.  
Is love supposed to be like that?"

"Well I know I missed your father so much when he went 
home after taking me out it felt like I had a stomach 
ache sometimes.  I guess it can be pretty awful."

"So that tells you it's the real thing?"

"I don't know honey.  I doubt anyone has a good or at 
least universal definition of true love.  I figure it is 
where you want to spend the rest of your life - and not 
necessarily the entire time - with some one and where you 
would do almost anything to see they were happy.  That 
doesn't mean you accept them trying to cheapen what you 
offer by failing to respect you as a person.  If someone 
can't respect you, it isn't really possible to love them.  
They can respect you without necessarily loving you 
though - harsh as that might seem."

"I know Roger respects me and I think he loves me."

"There seemed to be a 'but' at the end of that sentence."

"Well I'm pretty sure he loves Rosalee and Hailey as 
well.  He says he never really had much love in his life 
before he came here but it's hard to understand how 
someone can love more than one person."

"Well it is unusual in that sense I guess.  I love you 
and your father and Brent so I can love more than one 
person but that is a bit different.  I know I loved the 
boy I was talking about before and though we broke up I 
still loved him though I no longer wanted to be with him.  
When I met your father that didn't change though I 
realise that the boy I loved has grown into a man who is 
a stranger to me.  I may not love that man, though if he 
called asking for help I might be willing to assist 
purely on the basis of love shared so long ago.

"To love three people at the same time though, especially 
when they all know each other sounds more like he is a 
little greedy or perhaps is simply unsure of what he does 
want."

"I don't think he is greedy - he certainly isn't selfish.  
Roger is aware that we can't really continue like we are 
and that something is likely to snap.  We spoke about it 
today.  I would prefer it was just him and me sometimes 
but I don't want to lose my friends over it.  I certainly 
wouldn't want to spoil their happiness if Roger decided 
on one of them but I know I would feel dead inside."

Ma was concerned that Anna might have suicidal thoughts 
if I was to choose Rosalee or Hailey.

"Just because you feel there can only be one person for 
you, it is surprising that sometimes another is waiting 
around the corner for you to simply be free to notice 
him.  If you find yourself not 'selected' please come and 
talk to me."

"Okay.  I don't think it will happen soon.  Roger says we 
need to be older and I think he would rather we break up 
with him if we feel we aren't going anywhere.  That way 
he doesn't have to disappoint someone he still loves but 
can't be with."

"Disappointment is something we all learn to live with.  
It is necessary we accept the times when we have to 
disappoint people as well."

"Yeah, I guess."

"Just don't commit yourself to sex if that is the only 
way to get Roger because, if that is all that matters to 
him, maybe he isn't really worth it - no matter if it 
feels otherwise at the time.  I think better of him than 
that but you'll have to find out.  If he wants you for 
yourself, he'll wait.  I don't say that you have to be 
married first - I'm not a hypocrite - but I do think you 
should be older.  Have I embarrassed you enough?"

"Not quite Ma.  I love you."

"Well get through the shower so you're fresh for the 
afternoon and come down for lunch in your uniform so your 
father can see you."

Ma left Anna thinking as she changed, and walked past the 
bathroom where I was having a quick shower myself.  
Dressed for work myself, I met up with Ma in the kitchen.

"Can you give me a hand here please Roger?"

When I was what I was helping with I was sure Ma had an 
ulterior motive."

"I've just spoken with Anna.  It sounds as though the two 
of you are more than friends."

"Would that worry you?"

"In some respects.  I'd certainly be happier if you 
showed your feelings than tried to hide them.  I know 
what it's like to be your age - believe it or not - and 
I'm not opposed to you and Anna being involved as such 
though it makes it hard if you do get serious and then 
break up.  Living together, seeing each other every day, 
watching the other person meet someone new.  All 
complications that don't normally happen."

"I have thought about that sort of thing but I guess I 
can't change my feelings."

"And Hailey and Rosalee?"

"More complications?  I like them all as I said before.  
I can't really say I have a favourite.  So far it has 
been good that they are all friends and we can go out 
together like that.  Sometimes we need some private time 
though.  Today was nice; I guess less complicated."

"Anna said you thought you needed to be older."  Ma was 
directing the conversation without actually asking 
questions.

"Hmm?  I guess I was saying things might sort themselves 
out.  I haven't tried to hide the fact I like them all 
more than I expected.

"You've gotten yourself into an awkward situation.  I 
hope you can resolve it without too much chaos."

"Me too."

I set the table and when Anna came down I surprised her 
by giving her a kiss while her mother watched.  It wasn't 
anything other than a "Hi there!" but it was on the lips 
rather than the cheek.

"You look good in the uniform."

"Thanks."

"Doug will be home in about five so we'll wait."

I looked at the time.

"Mind if I put the TV on until then?"

"No."

We didn't have television as a background during meals 
but Ma had no objection though she couldn't understand 
what we would see in five to ten minutes that was 
worthwhile.  I however was aware that the midday news 
report would be coming on and local news was covered 
first.

Anna sat beside me as the headlines were read out.  
Number two was the "Horror Fire Tragedy" where six people 
died when they were trapped in a suburban house 
overnight; number four was the damaged caused to 
appliances in hundreds of homes by a still unexplained 
power surge.

Anna didn't recognise the home and no names were 
mentioned until the newsreader expanded on the story.

"The family of shady local identity Adam Pringle all died 
when they were trapped in the blazing Greenview home last 
night.  Investigators are still at the scene which took 
the lives of Mr Pringle, his wife Beverley, twelve year 
old daughter Michelle and seventeen year old twins Mark 
and Kyra.  The name of an employee who also perished is 
being withheld until relatives can be notified.  And in 
Bel Vista thirty-four houses had to be evacuated after a 
police raid on a Methamphetamine lab revealed unstable 
stores of dangerous chemicals..."

"Roger, that was Kyra and Mark!"

"Yeah.  How could such a thing happen?"

"I'm so sorry.  Are you okay?"

"Well it's a shock and Mark was a friend."

"But Kyra - you and she..."

"I told you.  That was more like a job; it didn't mean 
anything.  I'm sorry that anyone had to die like that 
though.  It seems a shame when she was, they both were, 
so young."

"I don't know if you're brave or heartless."

"If it were your family you'd realise I wasn't heartless.  
Kyra and Mark were okay but their father was everything 
the stories said about him and more.  I heard from Mark 
that he'd had someone killed who had gotten close to 
Mark."

"He killed Mark's girlfriend!?"

"Not quite.  Don't spread it around though it can't hurt 
Mark now but he didn't really like girls."

"Mark was gay!?  But how did you know?"

"Mark needed a friend.  He wasn't sure about me and I 
asked him openly.  We talked."

"It didn't worry you?  Nor that others would think you 
were gay if he was found out?"

"I don't object to anyone being honest about what their 
feelings are.  If Mark fancied me, and could then accept 
me as just a friend, I was willing to be his friend."

"I don't think there are too many guys around here who 
would be like that."

"I think that was why Mark was so lonely.  In a round 
about way that is how I got to be with Kyra - his father 
was going to be suspicious of any male friends Mark got 
close to.  One thing led to another and you got cross 
with me."

"I'm sorry for that now."

"No need to be.  It was a reasonable way to react."

Doug had arrived home and had caught just the last part 
of my sentence.  "What's a reasonable way to react?"

"Two kids Roger knows were killed in a fire last night."

"Oh, I'm sorry.  Are you okay Roger?"

"Yeah.  It's a bit disturbing to know someone and hear 
they're dead but I'm okay."

"You sure?  If you don't feel like working I can call 
someone else in."

"No.  I think I'm better working than just sitting 
thinking of them."

Doug left us and a minute later Ma came in to check I was 
okay.  She focussed more on the immediate situation - was 
I feeling like lunch.  I was and Anna and I followed her 
into the kitchen.

Brent was home and was prevailed upon to join us - he too 
expressed his sympathies to me; rather a surprise but 
appreciated regardless of my actual state.  I had to pick 
a little bit - I couldn't appear entirely unmoved but I 
still managed to put away everything on my plate.

Doug gave us a couple of minutes after lunch before 
bundling us out into the car.  We would be early but he 
figured if we were ready we were just as well off waiting 
in the store as home.

I clocked on when I got there and reported to the shift 
supervisor.  He greeted me and asked me to start clearing 
tables.  It was a job I had grown to know and, if not 
love, to understand.  It was the duty given to the lowest 
of the low - which merely meant the newest staff rather 
than any true employee hierarchy.  I wouldn't only be 
cleaning up but, with restocking and an occasional spell 
taking orders, that was how I would spend maybe three 
quarters of my time - the other fourth being devoted to 
operating the coffee machine under the watchful eye of an 
experienced barista.

This time there was a difference.  The Supervisor 
introduced me to our new trainee - a girl called Anna.  
He asked me to explain to her what I did as I cleared the 
tables then he would see how well she managed and give 
further instruction as needed.  It was as much a test of 
our ability to work together as of our skills.
  
Though it was a Sunday there were more than enough people 
around to keep us busy and little time for Anna or I to 
do more than smile at each other even if we had been 
inclined to mess around while working.  Of course, that 
was exactly what I had been doing for the last three 
weeks - messing around while I was supposed to be 
working.

Around three we were both surprised to see two bright 
young ladies sitting at one of the tables.

"Wow Rosalee - two servants to look after us!"

"Good morning ladies. This is a surprise."  Anna added 
her hearty hello was well.

"We phoned and Anna's mum said you were both working so 
we decided we could do with a coffee."

"Do you have a break coming up?"

With only a few hours to work we didn't have a meal 
break.  We could have a few minutes for a drink or to use 
the rest rooms but that was usually in a quiet moment 
when there were plenty of clean tables and leaving cups, 
plates and spills on one or two wouldn't matter.

"Not together but if Anna asks I'm sure she can have five 
minutes."

"Why can't you?"

"I took a couple of minutes earlier, remember?"

"Oh yeah.  Who do I see?"

"Barry - you'll have to take your top off if you are 
going to sit at the tables though."

"I haven't got a t-shirt on underneath."

I smiled evilly for a second or two.  "Check it's okay 
and you can have mine."

She looked me over and decided my shirt wasn't going to 
be too big for her.

"Thanks."

I cleared the other tables while she got approval and 
asked for a cappuccino.  She followed me into the small 
wash up area.

I removed my uniform top and then my t-shirt.  Anna had 
her top off and was standing in black apron and white 
lacy bra facing me with my bare chest.  Three seconds 
later I would have been putting my shirt back on and she 
would have been wearing my t-shirt.  Three seconds that 
we didn't get before our co-worker Steph happened to walk 
in with an armful of cups and saucers.

"Oh.  Oh!  Sorry guys."

"It's alright Steph.  I'm just giving Anna my t-shirt to 
wear."

"*S-U-R-E* you are.  Mmm.  Can I borrow it later maybe?"

I laughed.  "Sorry Steph.  I'm already spoken for."

Steph looked at Anna and raised her eyebrows.

"Growl!"  Anna then grinned.

"Down girl.  If he's yours I'll behave."

"Damn right he's mine!"  Anna was quite pleased to be 
able to say so; quite pleased another girl thought her 
boyfriend worth a second look; and even more pleased that 
I had made my unavailability clear.

She donned my t-shirt (a little long and loose) and 
removed her apron.  I was trusted to dress with Stephanie 
as she washed up.

"She really your girlfriend or you two just messing with 
me?"

"Yeah, she's my girlfriend."

"Lucky girl."

"I think I'm the lucky one."

We finished loading the racks for the washer together and 
Steph started the cycle then joined me back in the store.

Anna was sitting with Rosalee and Hailey and when Steph 
came out they had their heads together but looked over in 
her direction.  Steph sensed the hostility and when she 
joined me behind the espresso machine she asked "What 
have I done that Anna's friends have got it in for me as 
well?"

I looked over at their table and grinned; the three of 
them were keeping a close watch on us.

"I think they figure you're too good looking to trust 
around me.  They're very protective."

"It needs three of them to stop you straying?"

"Nah.  I don't plan straying anywhere."

"Who are the others then?"

"Good friends of Anna and me."

Steph saw nothing special in the statement - if they were 
Anna's good friends she would expect them to back her.

I collected a tray and went out to clear the tables 
again.

"Hey, cool the daggers girls.  Steph has gotten the 
message."

They had the temerity to grin.  "Good!"

Still, they no longer glared at Stephanie.

They finished their coffees and Anna said goodbye and 
headed back to dress for work again.  It is one advantage 
girls have over boys - they can give each other a kiss on 
the cheek on greeting or leaving a friend and no-one 
thinks anything of it.

Anna and Hailey kissed - perhaps a little close to each 
other's mouth - and then Anna and Rosalee did the same.  
I'm not sure if it is normal for them to hold the other 
person's waist as they did so however - and breasts 
probably don't normally press into breasts.

No-one paid them any attention though except for me - and 
Stephanie.

The girls waved to me as they walked out the store, each 
blowing me a kiss on the way.  Once more, Stephanie was 
the only other person to notice.

She was puzzled by actions she felt she was clued into, 
having had girlfriends herself on and off for a couple of 
years.  That didn't mean she wasn't interested in guys as 
well.

Steph spent the next hour looking back and forth between 
Anna and myself.  I was aware of the attention but we 
were doing nothing exceptional and I merely assumed it 
was a continuation of Steph's earlier interest.

I guess though that it was obvious from the way Anna and 
I looked at each other even, or especially, when the 
other was not looking back, that we were pretty serious 
about each other.  I saw no reason to hide it anymore 
and, with my openness, Anna responded similarly.

This meant Stephanie was faced with the situation where I 
was "spoken for" by Anna yet she had two other 
girlfriends who appeared to be Girlfriends.

Was it just because Anna was the boss' daughter?  
Stephanie didn't know I was the boss' foster son.  Doug 
couldn't hide Anna's relationship as she had been in and 
out of the stores since he had signed the franchise 
agreement.  My position was kept discretely confidential 
though so I could be rated more fairly by his senior 
staff.

Stephanie decided to seek out an answer from Anna; it 
might improve her own chances within the business if she 
were to become friends with Anna - plus it could be fun.

Anna had cleared a table and was loading the washer trays 
when Stephanie arrived with some more crockery.

"Not the best job but it has to beat washing them by 
hand."

Anna agreed.

"So you and Roger are an item then?"

"Yeah.  I guess so."

"And you've got a couple of loyal friends?"

"Yeah.  I guess so."

"If you don't mind me asking, what does Roger *REALLY* 
think about you and them being so close?"

Stephanie decided to phrase her question as if I had said 
something in the hopes Anna would reveal more.

Anna thought Stephanie might ask about me but hadn't 
thought of being queried about her *OTHER* lovers.  she 
was in a quandary.  She wondered what she had done to 
expose her secret - the kisses hadn't been enough surely.  
Perhaps I *HAD* said something.  She didn't know what to 
say but it seemed inappropriate to reveal the truth; even 
if I had said something it might not have been much at 
all.

"What?"

"Oh don't worry.  *I'M* certainly not going to say 
anything.  I think it's rather sweet but you have to 
admit it's a bit unusual."

"Unusual?  Why?"

"Well I saw how your friends looked at me.  They must 
really be closed to you to want to look out for you - 
*REALLY* close - and yet you and Roger are close too."

"We're all friends together."  Anna had meant to imply 
"just friends" but Stephanie decided to misinterpret just 
to tease a little more.

"Together!  Wow!"

The look on Anna's face alerted Stephanie to what had 
been said and what had been conveyed accidentally without 
speech.

"You really are!?  Oh shit.  Wow indeed!"

Stephanie looked out into the shop.  There had been no-
one around to hear; she was both relieved *AND* a bit 
excited.

"Listen, I'm sorry if I busted your secret and I promise 
not to say anything.  I don't know what the deal is but 
Roger is rather cute and, well, I think you are as well.  
No pressure, no conditions, and definitely nothing 
connected with promising to seal my lips but - if you 
like the idea at any time - perhaps you could give me a 
call?"

Steph leaned closer and gave Anna a quick peck on the 
lips, not game to go further - especially at work, but 
wanting to let Anna know she was serious about liking 
girls as well as boys, and Anna in particular.

Anna was left, stunned, to finish collecting clean cups 
to stack ready for use.

---

"What do you know about Stephanie?"

"Steph?  I've worked with her twice.  Doesn't slacken 
off; friendly but not overly if you don't count today's 
interruption; polite to even noxious waste if it is a 
customer.  Why?"

"She saw something in how I was with Hailey and Rosy 
earlier and spoke with me about it.  Without intending to 
I seem to have told her the four of us are together but I 
don't for the life of me know how.  I don't understand 
she even figured out I was more than friends with Hailey 
and Rosy."

"And did she say anything more?  Like what she planned to 
do with the information?"

"She promised to keep quiet."  I could see there was 
something more.  Anna eventually revealed it without my 
prompting.

"There is something else.  She likes you."  Anna paused.

"I told her I was spoken for."

"I think it is more that she said she likes me too.  I 
guess she figures it I like girls she could join us."

"The two of us or the four of us?"

"I don't really know.  I don't know if she does think 
there is a 'four of us' or not.  Plus she kissed me."

I must have looked out into the restaurant with the same 
look on my face that Hailey and Rosalee had worn on 
theirs earlier.

"Only a little one," Anna laughed.

"So what is going to happen?"

"Nothing I guess.  I'm spoken for too.  Why?  Do you want 
her to join us?"

I laughed and gave Anna a quick hug.  I couldn't be 
caught cuddling her at work.

"W-e-e-ell she is rather hot."

Anna looked at me with a shocked look on her face and 
then realised I was teasing.

"Yeah, she is isn't she!?"

"You think I want to look after *ANOTHER* person?  Or do 
you want to look after her?"

"I'm spoken for - remember?"

"Seems to be a common situation."

"So what are we going to do about her?"

"Politely say we aren't interested and if she isn't 
interested in taking no for an answer we stall - tell her 
we have to discuss it with the others - while we work out 
what to do."

"You'll tell her?"

"Yeah I guess.  I'd better go."

Our Supervisor was watching as I came out.  I guess a 
minute more and he might have stuck his head in the door.

I was busy for a while making coffees while Anna 
continued on tables.  Doug returned and watched us both 
surreptitiously.  I noticed him but didn't show any sign.  
I didn't change how I looked at Anna occasionally either.  
Anna also looked my way and smiled.  I wondered what Doug 
thought of that.

He made a formal arrival and spoke with the Supervisor 
for a few minutes before speaking with Anna.  Firstly, he 
was pleased with her performance and, secondly, was going 
to be a little late calling back to pick us up so we 
should wait for him nearby.

I continued making coffees under the Supervisor's 
watchful eye; there were no complaints and he told me I 
could expect more time there and less clearing tables if 
I wanted it.

Stephanie was taking orders and when we had a period 
where the tables were full and no-one else was arriving I 
finally had a chance to take advantage of the 
Supervisor's absence.

"Anna told me of your conversation.  Why did you think we 
would want to include a third person?"  I spoke quietly.

"Third or fifth?"  Stephanie spoke even quieter.

"Fifth?"

"With your other friends it would be five wouldn't it?"

"You think those girls are fooling around with us?"

"I think that is exactly what Anna's reactions 
indicated."

"Making the assumption that they are for a second, why 
would you want to get involved?"

"Well I guess it must be obvious that my interests lie in 
more than one direction and I think our secrets are 
therefore safe with one another.  I like you - both.  I 
think you would - both - like me.  Having a chance to 
satisfy both my interests at once would be, well, 
interesting to say the least."

"Trouble is, like we said, I'm spoken for and Anna feels 
she is too."

"I can respect that.  I can also live with that as well.  
I figure this was a situation that wouldn't come up 
often, if ever again, and if I didn't let you know I was 
interested then I would definitely miss out.  If you 
weren't then I was no worse off.  Hope you don't mind if 
I think about how it might have been though."

"No harm in dreaming," I smiled.

"What about the other two then?  If you two are *NOT* 
with them do you think there would be any chance of 
success if I was to speak to one or the other of them?"

"That is really for them to say but I think the answer 
might be that they felt they were spoken for too."

"You must be some kind of lover.  Please keep me in mind 
if you're ever at a loose end."

"Okay.  I don't mind doing that much."

Customers started coming back in and I had no chance for 
another quiet talk to either Stephanie or Anna.

I believed Stephanie was sincere - or a *VERY* good liar.  
She certainly showed none of the characteristic 
attributes I was taught gave most liars away.

Things continued in an easy way until 5:30 when Anna and 
I were told we could go.  We grabbed a coffee each and 
wandered out into the shopping centre where we spent some 
time window shopping as we emptied our cups.  I didn't 
join Anna jumping at the sudden voice but I didn't warn 
her of Stephanie's approach either.

"Hi there.  Mind if I join you?"

"Not willing to accept a no?"

"Nah.  If you aren't interested it wouldn't be any good 
for any of us if I tried to force you into trying it.  I 
do like you both though and just wanted to say I hope I 
didn't mess things up between us at work."

"Showing an interest in us is okay; becoming a stalker 
isn't."

"You think I'm stalking you?"

"No.  This is cool," Anna reassured her.

I was observing Anna.  There was none of the interest I 
saw when she looked at our lovers.  She was polite and 
maybe curious - hell I was too - but never-the-less not 
open to extending an invitation.  How much had changed 
since wanting to try a little extra with her two soccer 
mates!

"Is it too pushy if I leave you my number?  Just in case, 
or even if you'd like to just chat away from work?"

"Sure," I said - earning a curious glance (or was it a 
glare?) from Anna.

Stephanie handed over a piece of paper - written out 
ready - and said, "I've got to go now.  Dad's back from 
LA this evening and I've got to fix dinner before I drive 
to the Airport to pick him up."

"Your mother not there to help?"

"No.  They divorced when I was three.  For the past six 
months he's been going away for two weeks every two 
months but now he has to go for a week and then have a 
week home - probably for at least another six months.  
Anyway, I'll see you around.  Feel free to call me any 
time."

"Bye Steph."

"Goodbye."  Anna waved too.

"Strange," she added when we were alone.

"Lonely I think.  If she likes girls as well as boys she 
should have twice as many potential partners to choose 
from but perhaps that actually works against her since 
she wouldn't be as attracted to those of either sex who 
are vocal in their opposition to same sex relationships.  
If you find your 'friends' hate the type of person you 
are I guess you end up with few friends."

"That might explain her great interest in seeing if we 
were inclined to extend an invitation.  If I denied being 
involved with the others at least I didn't go 'Eeuw' so I 
must be sympathetic."

"An interesting situation."

"Does that mean you want to fuck her?"

"Anna my love, I think there are other levels of 
friendship we could consider first."

"First - so you do want to fuck her!"

"She is nice - I have no objection, but neither do I have 
a desire to get intimate.  I *AM* spoken for!"

"And if the three of us gave you permission?"

"Is it any different to the couple in the park?  We made 
up stories but don't really want to share our love with 
them.  I have no love for her - I don't want to make love 
to someone I don't love."

"What about Kyra?"  As soon as she'd spoken Anna realised 
that Kyra wasn't around to defend herself.  "Sorry."

"It's alright.  Why do you think I want to love my 
lovers."

"Oh."

"Of course, someone with their house to themselves for 
half the time might be handy to know."

"Even if she came with the house?"

"Which is why you start off just friends."

"Sounds deceitful.  'We're only getting to know you so we 
can use your house for our orgies - oh, and you're not 
invited!'  I'm sure she'd say yes."

"Maybe treated differently.  I was more concerned if she 
was going to say something.  Now I believe she won't."

"I'm just worried others will notice us as well.  Doe's 
this mean I can't show them *ANY* affection?"

"Well you are going to have to be careful.  I mean it is 
not much different for me.  If I do this to you..."  I 
wrapped my arm around her and lifted her chin so our lips 
could touch sweetly.  "...and then did the same to the 
others, people are going to notice."

"Perhaps *WE* should just keep doing it then." 

"I think we got away with one but people might start to 
complain if we kept at it.  Hailey and Rosalee to name 
two for a start."

"Dad might too if he came along now."

"What did Rosalee and Hailey want?"  I changed the topic 
and took her hand instead.  We continued to wander.

"Seeing if we'd like to go around to Hailey's for a 
little while this evening.  She's cleared it with her 
mother that we can come to dinner if Ma okayed it.  I 
said yes - I hope that's alright?"

"Making plans for us as a couple already hey?" I teased.  
I didn't mind.  There weren't going to be many more 
opportunities to get together and it was reasonable for 
Anna to make this decision as it had been for me to 
arrange the motel room.

"Sorry.  I won't do it without asking in future."

"Anna, it is alright!"  I hugged her to me.  "I think it 
is a lovely idea and my only complaint would be that I 
promised you this day.  If you want us to be with the 
others that is good by me and if you feel I'd answer a 
particular way in future - go ahead.  If it doesn't suit 
me we will work it out but until further notice I am 
yours to command."

Okay - so it sounded like I was pussy-whipped but I was 
going to get my exit details by Wednesday at the latest.  
I couldn't leave immediately after the fire, preferably 
not before the funeral as well.  Except in an emergency 
or when I'd been booked in to leave well before the job, 
I always had a few days on site afterwards so I didn't 
appear to be rushing away.

It gave me a chance to see how the authorities reacted 
and to learn which details required even more attention 
so as to make their jobs harder.

If letting Anna make our decisions for a day or two made 
her happy, perhaps it would provide some compensation for 
my going.  I realised it wouldn't though.  If I'd been a 
bastard about it then Anna might not mind me leaving 
quite as much but I couldn't spoil the time we had left 
and it would only have moved some of the grief a little 
ahead of time anyway.

Anna's smile made going along with her worth it even if I 
had been at all reluctant.  If I returned in months or 
years would she still have it?  Or would it belong to 
someone else?  More negative thoughts; for now it was for 
me.

"Here's Dad."

Doug saw us and waved.  We met him and walked out to the 
car.

"What did you think of your first day Anna?"

"Interesting."

"It gets better when you actually get to make the coffee 
and take the orders."

"Yes, well I have to admit that what you are doing isn't 
much above a burger chain; a little more prestige when 
you say you work but not much better pay if you're a 
casual.  It's good experience though as it is definitely 
an incentive to study well.  If you both stick with it I 
will see you get a chance to understand the stocking and 
staffing side of the business as well.  I'm not about to 
replace my supervisors but I don't think that's a future 
either of you would want."

Anna looked at me, considered what her mother had spoken 
with her about and decided she should bite the bullet.

"Can I tell him?" she mouthed, pointing back and forth 
between us.

I nodded.  It wasn't as if it was a secret anymore and I 
was sure she wouldn't tell *ALL* about us, let alone 
about Rosalee and Hailey.

"Dad, has Ma said anything to you?"

"About what?"

"About Roger and I."

"So there *IS* a Roger *AND* you then?"

"Yes."

"Serious are you then?"

"Oh yes."

"And you, Roger?"

"I love Anna."

"Leaving aside any comment I might make that I doubt 
either of you is aware of what love really is, you 
haven't known each other very long, have you?  It pays to 
get to really know each other properly before you decide 
you've found your soul partner."

"Sir, we are very aware of how sudden this is and how 
circumstances have thrown us together.  Our feelings have 
grown stronger and we believe they are real but we also 
appreciate things could change.  We don't feel that we 
should hide those feelings from you and Ma."

"That sounds a more mature outlook that I could have 
hoped for at your ages.  What about your other 
girlfriends though?"

"Rosalee and Hailey understand how we feel about each 
other.  They are still good friends with us both."

"Really!?  Well I want you two to behave yourselves 
still.  I don't think this is a particularly good idea 
but I also realise that you can't help how you feel.  
I've got to give this some more thought so please 
continue to respect the rules we established before.  
Behave like responsible adults and you will be treated as 
responsible adults - understood?"

"Yes Dad."

"Yes Doug."

We drove the last couple of streets in silence and when 
we entered Ma told us that it was okay for use to have 
dinner at Hailey's but not to be home later than 9 since 
we had school on Monday.

We showered and changed, while downstairs Ma and Doug 
were comparing views.  He heard for the first time that 
his little girl had been prescribed the contraceptive 
pill.  He was not particularly pleased.

"Don't you think it better that she came and spoke to me 
*BEFORE* she needed to rather than after it was too 
late?"

"I had hoped there wouldn't *BE* any need for a couple of 
years at least.  If Roger hadn't come here, there might 
not have been."

"So you'd have turned him away?"

"Of course not.  I like him - I just don't like what is 
happening as a result."

"Well don't say anything to either of them about the pill 
yet, if possible.  Anna's not going to confide in me if 
you then turn around and use the information against 
her."

"I don't like being made the bad cop."

"I don't want you to be.  If they need to have someone 
come down on them hard, I'll do that also.  I just want 
them to understand why and still be willing to talk to 
me."

*********************************************************
