I guess this story is  kinda sad in a way. 
The theme as well as the writing.
 But those of us who have been married for a long time can perhaps relate to it. 
I ran out of Viagra and am sitting here waiting by the mailbox for my shipment to arrive, feeling kinda blue so this story is appropriate, to that mood.

SafeWord

crits and comments welcome.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Inspired by: Talking In Your Sleep - Crystal Gayle 



Old Friend - By SafeWord

At first she wasn't sure what he had said.  After a few drinks, he often murmured nonsense while sleeping. But when he murmured again, there could be no mistake, her husband had clearly spoken another womans name.  



Tears  crept into the corners of  her eyes and her  impulse was to spring out of bed and run from the room.

Her first impulse that is, the second was to hit him. 


Instead, she lay beside him, simmering mad, silently crying, ignoring the cold tears streaming down her cheeks.  With arms  locked  tightly across her chest, she listened, for that  one last slip from his lips,  that would spell their doom as a couple.

Eventually, again, he did murmur, as he rolled over,  flopping a well muscled arm onto her chest. While at the same time, a springy male erection slapped down hard on her thigh. 
The arm flop was common but the other! Annoyed, she tried to push his heavy arm away but only succeeded in pushing his huge hand down to her curley softness, where it stayed, quite content. His large fingers gently probing into her. 


So angry, she wanted to kill, she groped down to push his fingers away, out of her. Instead all she managed to do was unexpectedly capture his hot hardness in her  hand .

Surprised at that, she stopped, absolutely still.


In spite of her annoyance, his lovely old fingers, on their own and  long habit. Stoked away at her perfectly. Her soft moistness was quickly turning to wet and his inflamed erection, burned in her little hand, stunning and exciting her. She couldn't even remember the last time she had felt him this rigid. She  gave it a little squeeze and he groaned softly as he nuzzled his nose into her armpit. She stared at him in the darkness trying to tell if he was awake but couldn't  and soon, didn't care.

Anger forgotten she rolled, lifting her leg up, lightly onto him. Managing now to move his hand away, she directed her long lost old friend back  home.  Once deeply nestled inside,  with eyes tightly closed, she gently ground out her pleasure  in  ancient motions, so wonderful, so long missed.



In the dark that night, he never woke, never knew.  Never heard, her toes snapping as she climaxed, nor her breath hissing out in pleasure. Nor did he feel the tender kiss she gave him , as finally sated, she rolled off and away,  to dream herself.



Often,  at night now she lies beside him, very still, very silent, listening.

Hoping, that tonight, again, perhaps, for her, he will dream.


 


SafeWord  2004

Copyright all rights reserved to author.







