TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright  AUGUST 2010 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for profit.  This story may be freely distributed for personal use with this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(CUCK, M+/F, MM, MF,  Impreg,  FemDom, Lite MDom)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Title: CDE-2010-8A:  Phantomville Vol. 10:  Wife Protection Ordinance - Part 1
Author: C.D.E.

PREFACE:  This is a story - more like an autobiography - of  an anonymous husband whose fate it seems, has doomed him to forever be a cuckold and hopelessly subjugated to the control of his voluptuous but assertive wife, as well as his dominant mother and mother-in-law.  And with him now a resident of the  city of Phantomville, there is no telling what he can look forward to in a city that is known for its variety of unique experiences, especially for cuckolds.


CHAPTER 1:  A LOVING MARRIAGE

	My wife and I have a loving marriage, even if by some accounts, it may appear to be unorthodox.

	I say that because my gorgeous wife is often seen in the  company of other  men while I'm at home doing chores, and as the kids came along, babysitting them in addition to doing chores she desired me to do.

	For the last 15 years since we've been married and living in Phantomville, she has been going out socially with a few  of her male co-workers and other men acquaintances.  
	Early on in our marriage, it was Steve and Lee.  Those two skirt chasing  jocks dominated her time the first 5 years of our marriage.  They both eventually left town, but not before leaving reminders of themselves with us, but more about that later.

	Over the last 10 years, two other of her men friends, named  Joe and Dan are among her regulars.  Sometimes the three of them go out together as a threesome, but mostly my wife goes out with just one or the other.

	Joe or Dan, or her other men friends,  always pick her at our house, with me usually answering the door, and often serving them drinks, as they wait on her to finish dressing.

	As they came in and waited, it was at first very awkward for me to have conversations with her handsome muscular built men friends, all of whom seem be the jock types that she seems to gravitate  to.  They also all seem to exhibit a level of assertiveness and even some arrogance, that easily psychologically intimidated me.

	Another reason I guess I usually feel a bit ill at ease is because of the apron I'm often wearing when they come by.   As you can imagine,  such Alpha type males would make interesting comments to me about it.

	You see, my wife insist I wear it when I'm doing chores around the house and especially when I'm working in the kitchen.  She also insist that I wear it when I answer the door when her men friends arrive.

	 It's not the type of aprons guys wear when they're cooking on the grill.  It was a wedding gift from my wife, and is an old fashion white pinafore design, with tiny ruffled trim.

	 My new bride knew I was very well trained by my mother in doing domestic chores and cooking, so she gave it to me and told me she expected me to make full use of it.

	Well anyway, over time, I've become acclimated to her men friends  teasing me about it and have become well settled in my  role as a mild mannered cuckold.   

	When my wife returns late at night, usually well after midnight, she  actually wakes me up and insists  that I suck her very moist and well, wet slimy cunt.  She acts likes there's nothing  wrong or unusual in her demanding me to do this. There's no doubt she's had wet sloppy sex with her date, because her snatch is dripping as she straddles my face.  I act like there is nothing wrong and neither does she offer any explanation for the abundant deposits of sperm oozing from the depths of her gapping cunt.

	In fact, I know she has this rubber pussy type plug that holds the fuck gunk in her pussy until she arrives home, so I'm pretty sure her actions are intentional in humiliating  me this way.  But alas,  I've been too scared to say anything for fear of a confrontation with her, so I say nothing, and I  suck her very messy cunt to give her the pleasure she seeks from my oral efforts.

	I often have to do this as many as 3 or 4 times a week. As I've said,  I've never said anything to my wife about my strong suspicion of her having sex with her men friends.  I don't complain or refuse her when she insist on me being her cunt sucker - really her cream pie eater -  either, as I love my wife very much and don't like for there to confrontations in our relationship.  And it's obvious, the very rousing orgasms she gets from my pussy sucking, is a key ingredient in our marital sex life, and her being satisfied with me as her loving, but under endowed  and unpretentious cuckold husband.

	Joe and Dan, as with all her men friends, are much taller and much more handsome than me, not to mention more muscular also.  I also know her men friends all typically have reputations as skirt chasers and  cunt hounds.  And with my wife being as beautiful as she is, as well as the dick magnet she is, it's no wonder they would be after her charms. 

	And even though Joe and Dan are regulars in taking my wife out socially, as I said, there have been many other men who have also taken her out too.

	 It's been that way every since I met her,  including while we were dating, and even through our engagement.  These kind of guys were always after her.  There was little I could do about it, especially since she would date them anyway, despite that she claimed that she truly loved me.  Yes you read right.

	In addition, she never admitted to having sex with any of them, but never denied it either.

	You see, I've never been much of an outgoing person and am definitely not a party animal.  I guess if you look up 'homebody' in the dictionary, you may find a picture of me there.  But seriously, my wife has always loved night life and going out dancing and to the clubs.

	And she didn't hide that she didn't think it was wrong to be escorted out by handsome muscular dates, while she was in love with and married to a plain, unassuming, nice guy - namely me - who is a hard working husband.  She seems to like that I am more of a stay at home type guy and has encouraged me doing so.

	In fact,  she's always  made many convincing points as to why it was better for me to stay at home and take care of the house, and later as the kids came along, babysitting them, as she went out socially and relaxed at what suited her best.  

	Even back when we were dating steady, and then later engaged, she and I continuously had tense discussions about her going out with other guys, since we were supposed to be committed to each other.  You see, she had me promise to be faithful to her, even though  she let me know that she could not commit to being physically faithful to me, that is, because she would like to be with and date her men friends socially.  She however, committed to being steadfast emotionally faithful to me.  On the other hand, she expected and demanded I be both.

	This was very confusing to me, but because I had made a promise, she,  my mother, and her parents insisted on me honoring my promise.  For some strange reason, they all accepted that she should have her freedom, and it didn't matter if I didn't.  Cowed by their unanimous and persistent, insistence, I vowed to keep my promise.

	Mother really grew to like her and chided me for thinking that that my future bride would do anything wrong just because she would be going on dates with other men, while I had remained  faithful to my dream girl. 

	My wife has always been a bit assertive.  This was a trait that mother seemed to adore about her.  You see, mother is also assertive - really more like bossy and controlling.  Both my father and I were always under her thumb.

	Mother let me know I should not be selfish and suspicious just because my fiancee desired the freedom to be with other men who were handsome and better looking than me.  She stressed that I should be grateful that such a beautiful girls loved and cared about me, even if she did have a weakness for physical interaction with tall handsome brawny men.

	To be honest, I could never determine what my wife saw in me, but I was definitely smitten and fell heads over heels in love from her interest in me.  She was more of the dream girls that I could've dreamed of. 

	I'm just a little over 5'6" and of small stature, and by all accounts somewhat of a plain inconspicuous guy.  Some might even say a mama's boy, as mother is quite controlling of my activities, even if I was 23 at the time I was dating and became engaged to my future bride.

	In addition, and I know it's probably odd, but I was also a virgin - a guaranteed one at that.  You see, mother had a  fancy electronic chastity device installed on me when I was only 12.  She had this thing about me marrying as virgin - hence the device.

	It basically consisted of 2 connected and flexible plastic rings that were made up of wires and hermetically sealed circuits in them.  One fit around the base of my cock and the other around the top of my balls.  The snug fitting device was thin, not uncomfortable to wear,  and almost hardly noticeable.  However, if I attempted to do any significant caressing of myself, I would be rewarded with a series of electrical jolts that would start off as very mild and escalate to being very painful if I continued to stimulate myself or attempt to have sex.

	Mother had an electronic remote to the device, that only she had the password to.  As I grew into puberty, she permitted, but supervised me as I was allowed to masturbate every 10 days to relieve the sexual pressure that would build up in my balls.

	It was embarrassing to me at first to jerk off under mother's watchful eyes and smiling face, but I got use to it over the years.  And here I was 23 and still under her protective gaze and supervision.

	She had dad wear one too all these years, so he and I both were in the same prison, so to speak.

	Over the years, as new models came out, both mine and dad's cock locks were upgraded.  Mother made sure that we were always wearing the latest models.

	And to my total embarrassment and chagrin, mother revealed to my beautiful future bride, that I was a virgin and let her know all about the device I was wearing.  

	My future wife had told me that me she didn't want us to have  regular intercourse before marriage, but I didn't really believe her. After all, what couple waits until they're married to have sex these days?

	But when mother let the cat out of the bag - so to speak, it seemed that my future wife was more interested in me than before, and especially my virginity.  She praised mother for her foresight and making me save myself for the right girl, which she said was her.

	"I knew you were the right guy for me, so nice and mannerly and always the gentleman, not brash like so many guys who are always thinking of sex and only themselves.  But in addition, I now find out you're a virgin.  That makes you extra special to me."  She said in front of mother and I.

	My future bride openly indicated she was not a virgin - and left it at that.  I tried to get more out of her about her former sex life, but all she would tell me was that she has had sex before and nothing more. But she made it quite clear, that she very much desired to have a husband who saved himself for his new bride.

	Her folks repeatedly echoed her feelings, and also were excited about my virginity.  I was thoroughly embarrassed about such talk - especially since most guys never brag about not having  gotten some at my age.  But all in all,  her family  was really  genuine about welcoming me into their family as their future son-in-law.


CHAPTER 2:  THE ENGAGEMENT

	Mother had given me her grandmother's wedding ring set and strongly encouraged me to get engaged as soon as possible since she saw my new girlfriend as an excellent catch.

	I was really in love, and despite my trepidations about my girlfriend's lack of apparent faithfulness to me, I asked for her hand in marriage.  She accepted.  I was very joyful that I had gotten her to commit to be my future wife. 

	However, the only disappointment I had was that even though we were now officially engaged and on the road to  getting married, she let it be clearly known, that she still had no plans to stop dating other men.

	I discussed this same point with my future bride's mother, hoping she could persuade her   daughter to change her ways.  To my astonishment, her mother embraced me warmly and spoke in a very sincere tone. 

	 "My dear boy, you should not mistrust her, or misjudge her true love for you,  just because she has a thing about dating other men socially.  She truly loves and adore you, and always expects you to accept this little quirk of hers, and continue to be fully faithful and loving, as well be there for her when she needs you.  Don't you worry, she'll be back after her dates.  We know you to be very responsible, and we are counting on you not to disappoint her in meeting her needs."

	 I was taken aback and just stood there with my mouth open.  I couldn't find words to reply to my future mom-in-law.  I eventually ended up telling her that I wouldn't disappoint them - my future in-laws.  I don't know why, but I guess it was her convincing tone that made me feel that all was okay for her daughter to treat me this way.

	Within a few  months, we were married in a quiet private ceremony,.

	After the first time we made love - on our wedding night -  my new bride had me lick and suck her soft hot wet pussy meat to finish her off, as I didn't last a full minute before ejaculating - in the rubber she insisted I wear.

	She also let me know, that she thought it would be better if I counted on licking her pussy in the future too, since I wasn't  that  strong in the cock department.  Her words hurt, but  I to concede that the facts were on her side.  From what little she did reveal about her previous sex life, It became clearly  apparent  that she was accustomed to men with much larger cocks.

	It really was a big letdown to me that my prick  didn't have the sexual stamina to finish the job of pleasing my new bride on our wedding night.  I was also disappointed that she insisted I wear a condom.  However, as a consolation, I was very pleased and even delighted to at last be able to handle and fondle her magnificent tits - something she forbade me from doing before we were married.

	Her forbidding me to do so just seems to make me want to handle them that much more.
	
	I had  performed oral sex for her the whole time we  were engaged, as that was the only way she let me be intimate with her.  It was her idea for me to do her orally and she persuaded and taught me how she liked being eaten.

	 Well, really considering my situation, that is with my cock locked up, it was the only way I could be  intimate with her in a way that she found satisfying.  I grew very fond of being her pussy licker and sucker.

	Many times I became so excited from being so intimate with her and having my mouth on her  hot hairy sex, that I would involuntarily come in my shorts.  Her intense, vocal and rousing orgasms definitely contributed to me not being able to control myself.

	She found this quite amusing and pleasing to see me with a wet spot on my pants.

	Since my fancy cock lock was sophisticated enough to keep track of my ejaculations and report them via cell phone to mother.  Because of that, I had to end up telling her about my bouts of oral sex with my fiancee.

	Mother beamed at my admission and praised me for being such a "suck stud" - her words.  I didn't know what to say.  Well anyway, she encouraged me to continue being a "good pussy sucker" and it was from this event that lead to mother giving my fiancee her own remote to my cock lock.  The purpose being so I could now relieve my sexual pressure by beating my beat under my future wife's supervision after I went down on her.

	My fiancee was overjoyed at this.  It was bitter sweet to me.  Sure it would be good to give my throbbing  prick relief, but I didn't know which was worse, having to jack off, or having to do so under the discretion of, but still under the watchful eye of my future bride. It seemed my manliness was being ambushed at every turn with my fiancee, but she seemed to love every time it happened.

	It wasn't until we were married  that I became truly suspicious that she may have  been having sex before we were wed, that is when she was out on those "socially  Platonic" dates with her many men friends.  And then it dawned on me that I may also have been fed some of her many different men friends' jism too.  
	
	Every since she had introduced me to licking and tasting her pussy meat, I grew increasingly fond of doing that for her.  It really bonded me to her.

	But if I had been tasting other men's cum, I didn't know what to think.  Surely she wouldn't have taken advantage of me, and do something so dastardly, just because I was naive about sex,.

	You see, I had gotten quite use to the taste of her luscious and delicious pussy, which was always juicy, and her pussy lips were usually gaping , when I put my head in her gamy but exotic tasting crotch and pushed my tongue deep into her succulent syrupy slit. I came to realize now that there could possibly have been the smell of men's jism melded in with her womanly erotic body aroma.

	However, my suspicion arose because I just happened to overhear a few words of a phone conversation she was having with her mother.  I heard her say "I know it's naughty ...  It really satisfies my kink to feed  him...   Anyway, he always enjoy eating me...  His tongue feels so good  after I come in from a date... That's why I didn't want to marry a real man... I love him in my own special way... I could never love a real man the way I do him."  

	The more I thought about things, I had to face the reality that my fiancee, and now with her being my wife, had utterly used and humiliated in a terrible way.  Yet, to have heard her say that she could never love a 'real man' the way she does me, did console me somewhat for the way she had, and was continuing to treat me.

	As I pondered things over, it was obvious that I had to have something going for me to be able to hold onto such a beautiful creature.  It apparently was something that most men would not be boastful about.  That is, having your woman love you because you're good at sucking her other stud's sperm from her pussy.  And to boot, a pussy she won't let me ejaculate in without wearing a rubber.

	I also had to face the fact that I knew that I still cared too much for her to walk away and leave her, despite her shabby treatment of me.  I guess that's what true love is all about.  That is when you still love someone who treats you like they don't love you. 

	I had to talk to someone whom I trust, so I went to mother.

	"Perish the thought!  How dare you think of leaving her!"  Spoke mother loudly.  Her strong reaction startled me.  All I could do was be silent and listen.

  	"Son, she does love you.  That's what matters.  So what if you have to lick up a few drops of semen her studs leave behind.  Think of it as her sharing with you what she has to get from others, because you can't give it to her.  She's simply sharing the pleasure she gets from her other men, her 'real men'.  Just think, based on what you heard her say, if you were a real man, she couldn't you as well as them."

	Her words shocked me, but I had to concede that mother did make some strong points.

	"And remember dear son, people who love each other share experiences."  Mother added.

	Mother and I talked a long while. She also reminded me that since I did find my new bride's pussy tasty anyway, it was just a simple matter of accepting that a dick had been there before my mouth.  
	"Don't let it worry you sweetie pie,  I know you have it in you to get over it.  Especially  , so since it's clear that your eating her cream pies endears you to her." Mother said . 

	 Her counsel  was a great consolation.  Plus, she made me feel so much less ashamed about consuming the cum of other men.

	 "Son, it's not like you're going out looking to get these men's cum.  It's  being brought to you, by the woman you love, in the spirit of her love for you.  You should not see anything perverted or degrading about that in the least."

	Mother also added "And to avoid confrontation and discord  in your relationship, it might be best for you to not say anything about your suspicions, but just keep doing what you've been doing.  After all, you know you love her dearly and don't want to lose her.  And secondly, you're quite use to sucking her wet, drippy, gapping  pussy.  So there's no real reason for you to stop, especially since she gets so much pleasure from your mouth.  And it's obvious that's probably one of the strengths of your hold on to her dear son."

	I couldn't deny mother's logic or rationale.  She urged me not to ruin my competitive advantage over my new wife's "real men".

	Well, back in my marital bed, I  usually mouth my new bride to several orgasms, almost always after she comes in from her late dates.  

  	And since it was very apparent since our engagement days, that she was far more sophisticated at sex than I.  She  convinced me that it was  so much better for me to do her orally than working so hard trying, but not succeeding, to get her off with my small penis. 

	"And besides darling, I just adore seeing you jack off.  I find it so sexy to see you shooting your stuff all over your hands".  My wife said to me with a broad warm smile.  You see, she seems to adore me masturbating more than putting it in her warm wet soft pussy.

	While I masturbate,  she exposes and fondles her voluptuous tits and inviting cunt for my intense gaze, as I pull my little peter under her watchful eyes and smiling face.

	Well to make a long story short, this became the norm for our conjugal sexual activity.  That is, except for the one day a year - my birthday -  when she lets me put it in her luscious pussy - wearing a condom of course.  

	 I've come to see this as a sign of her love for me,  to allow me doing this when it's fairly apparent, she gets little if any pleasure from my small cock and my minute and a half of humping her.

CHAPTER 3: MARITAL RESTRAINT

	Another thing I've had to contend with -  and still do at present some 15 years later in our marriage - but could do absolutely nothing about it back then - or now -   was my new bride's decision to have me to continue wearing my cock restraint after we were married. 

	 Myself, mother, dad and my future bride, and her parents, were over at mom and dad's house one evening.  Sitting next to me and all the while embracing me tightly, my future bride to be, in a serious tone said "I have to decided to keep him under lock and key so as for it to be a constant reminder of his love for me,  and our love for each other."

	I was stunned and speechless, as she had said nothing to me the many times I had let her know how I couldn't wait until I didn't have to wear the darn thing anymore.

	Mother eagerly interjected her firm and full support of her decision, as well gave her effusive praise for helping me to be reminded of our love for each other.

	My bride's parents also joined him and also expressed that they thought it was an excellent decision too.

	When I finally could see straight and could get words out of my mouth, anything and everything I said in opposition was not even considered.  It was like I was not even in the room, even though I strongly and loudly opposed what was being done to me.

	I only quieted down when mother, in a firm and loud voice shouted "SHUT UP!"  and threatened to whip me for being rude.  Yes even at 23, mother still had that power over me, and I knew she meant business.  It had only been about 8 months ago that she had last bruised my backside with her infamous skinny electrical cord because of her perception that I had misbehaved.

	My dad over the years, has also been acquainted with the painful business end of that same electrical cord too.  He knew to say nothing and be quiet.

	With tears swelling up in my eyes, I sulked and slunk away in shame at mother's sharp rebuke of me in front of everyone, including my new bride.

	And to my further dismay, my new bride seemed to be enjoying my embarrassment and mental torment with a smile on her face, that really was more of a smirk.  Later I found out she and mother had a chat about the merits of corporal punishment in a marriage.  To make matters worse, mother insisted that my future wife take one of  her spare electrical cords as a wedding present.

	"You never know when he'll need to be reminded to be cooperative and  his love for you."  Mother said laughing as she looked at me sitting quietly across the room.  The others in the room joined in her laughter, except my dad, for he felt my shame and knew my mom  was dead serious.  I just hoped that my future bride would take all being told her with a grain of salt, and not be serious about using her new gift at all.

	I wondered how much worse could the price of love and marriage be for me.
	
	Well, anyway, mother's hand off of my cock lock remote to my new bride was a formal part of our wedding ceremony.  It was almost like mother was handing her the keys to some new piece of property that was just purchased.  As you can imagined, that was another embarrassing moment in my life I'd like to forget.  But I digress,  and won't go into that experience here.

CHAPTER 4:  OUR KIDS

	As I mentioned earlier,   the kids started to come along over the years of our marriage - 6 of them.  I must say, my   wife is a wonderful mother and adores our children as much as I do.  I truly am the doting dad.

	You notice I said 'dad' and not 'father', because there is strong evidence that none of our children were fathered by me. 

	I say that because  our kids strongly resemble her  co-worker men friends I mentioned earlier - remember Joe and Dan, and Steve and Lee?

	Two of our children - a son and a daughter, both blond -  strongly favor Joe in the face plus he's blond.

	My wife and I are both dark haired.

	 Two of our other children - also a girl and a boy -  strongly resemble Dan in their facial features and hair color.  He's a red head.

	It didn't help my suspicions about my wife being sexually unfaithful with her two co-worker men friends - Joe and Dan - when she insisted on the Christian names for our kids be: Joseph, Josephine, Daniel, and Danielle. 

	Our two oldest daughters  look as if they  were fathered respectively by Steve and Lee.  Also, my wife insisted on naming them Stephanie and Leeann.

	One time when I expressed these same suspicions to mother, she said to me, "Son the longer you take care of them the more they'll grow to look like you even if you never have ejaculated in your wife's pussy without wearing a rubber. "

	It's rather apparent my wife's men friends  have had the pleasure of coming in her unprotected cunt.  That is, at least the ones that fathered our children.

	 I have never said anything to my wife about my suspicions that her different men friends could be the biological fathers of our kids.  And she has not volunteered any information either.

	I know my in-laws are just being kind when they frequently tell me how much the kids look like me.

	
CHAPTER 5:  A NEW BEGINNING  AND A NEW WAY TO PROTECT MY WIFE
	
	During the course of our marriage,   I really was hoping that my wife would settle down and get over her seemingly constant need for tall brawny good looking men friends to take her out dinner, dancing and clubbing.

	But, as you now know from my narrative so far,  that didn't happen.

	 Phantomville is a progressive town, and the people appear to be very tolerant of things that wouldn't be tolerated socially in other locals.  It also is very family oriented too.

	A good case in point is that not long after we were married,  I found out about a city ordinance entitled  the Phantomville Wife Protection Ordinance or commonly referred to as the PWPO.

	It was new at the time and it seems that only a certain part of the populace knew about the law.

	I'd never heard such a law before.  It seeks to protect wives from sexual assertiveness by men other than their husbands.  

	The law prescribes what  a husband is expected to do if a another man is aroused by or attracted sexually to the husband's wife.  

	I was glad that a guy on my job informed me about the PWPO and  filled me in on what was expected of me as a husband, should a claim be made against by a man aroused or sexually attracted  to my lovely sexy wife .  Otherwise I would've been clueless if a Phantomville man had approached me and expected me to fulfill my part of complying with the ordinance.

	But before I tell the reader about the PWPO, I need to digress a moment, but will return to the issue of the PWPO.

	You see my co-worker  met my wife when she dropped by my office to see me one time and he introduced himself.  They began socializing soon after that initial meeting.  I tried to deter my wife from going out with him, but she accused me of attempting to curtail her freedom as a wife in a marriage that was open for her, but not me.

	"N-No dear, I-I understand y-you h-have your needs, b-but I-I was thinking s-since he' m-my co-worker, it-it wouldn't  be a -a good idea for him to b-be socializing with the wife of a-another employee."

	My wife accepted my explanation and even apologized for her accusation.  But she let me know that it would be alright and added "Since he's your co-worker, I'm sure he'll be the perfect gentleman."  She said to in a cavalier manner as she was waiting for him to arrive for one of their dates.  For my gaze,  she twirled around to show me how she looked in one of her sexy and skimpy little black mini dresses, that  revealed too much cleavage up top and too much of her thighs at the bottom.

	I could only mentally sigh at her reply and the sight of her, since I knew from the rumors at work, that Lou specialized in seducing married women.  My wife looked stunning and was a walking wet dream.

	They had another social outing one weekend too, where she and he went away to a resort .
  I thought that was nice of him to invite both of us, but my wife thought it was best for me stay at home and work on a long list of chores she wanted me to get done before the next Monday.   So therefore, I couldn't go.

	Well anyway, Lou advised me that he had become very much aroused by my wife and wanted to do the right thing and tell me about it, so I could do the right thing to resolve this issue.

	I told him that I appreciated his honesty and I realized that my wife was attractive and men did get aroused by her figure and her  playful, if aggressive  flirting.  I apologized to him and told him I would speak to her about her about her behavior.

	"You don't know about the Phantomville Wife Protection Ordinance do you?"  He asked me.

	I had to admit to him bluntly, that I didn't.  

	He then said that he couldn't talk about it in the office, so he invited me to his apartment which wasn't that far from the office.  He was a bachelor and lived alone, and it was easy for me to swing by his place on the way home.

	After letting me in and offering me a drink, he began to tell me about the Phantomville Wife Protection Ordinance or PWPO.

	My eyes popped open when he explained what was expected of me as the husband by the PWPO.

	He told me more about the PWPO and that he was alerting me that he was invoking it.  He then let me know I'd been put on notice, that I, as the husband who had been put on notice, was expected to give him, the aroused man, at  minimum,  a blow job and to swallow his ejaculate to fulfill the conditions of the PWPO.

	The idea being that if the husband took the potential other man's load of sperm, the other man would have a lesser reason to pursue the husband's wife.  In addition, the PWPO also had a provision that if a husband had a penis smaller than  5 & 3/4 inches in length and 3/4 inches in diameter when erect, he could not appeal a claim under the PWPO and had to pay a fine of $1,000 for each  instance of claims being brought against the husband and him not personally complying with the PWPO.

	I groaned when I was told of the penis dimensional requirements.  My prick is only 4 and a half inches long and I suspected  I couldn't  meet the diameter specification either.

	"W-Well I-I've never heard o-of such a thing.  A-And even though the l-logic of the husband consuming the aroused man's sperm is b-better... I-I guess.. t-than t-the man seeking to have the wife take it.  B-But I-I don't know -a-about...I-I've d-don't t-think I-I c-could ever s-s-suc" He interrupted as I was trying to make my point.

	"If it's the thing about the man and man thing, we in Phantomville are more sophisticated than that.  You will not be looked down  upon because you suck my dick and swallow my cum.  Instead you will be seen as basically doing what any good husband would do to protect his wife from another man's dick.  And I know you don't want me or other men going after your wife with a bigger cock than yours.  Would you?  Oh don't be surprised, I've seen your prick at the urinal at work. It's obvious you're not well hung."

	I felt so small at his matter-of-fact on the spot assessment of my endowment.

	Not only was I flustered and blushing and nervous, but I knew I was red in the face.  I could feel the heat in my blood from all the belittlement that had suddenly been unleashed on me.

	"I-I-I see."  I slowly said.  I continued the best I could.  " I-I guess I-I wouldn't want to
 e-encourage another m-man to go after my wife, e-especially if-if he's b-better endowed."

	"No, of course not, and don't worry, as far as never having sucked a dick before,  I'll tell you what to do and how to keep your teeth out of the way.  And as far as the taste of cum, I suspect you won't have a bit of trouble.  Why I bet there are men in this town who are not as upright as I am,  and I suspect you've already tasted their cum in your wife's pussy."

	I know I had an even more pitiful look on my face in reaction to his words.

	"You don't have to say a thing.  It's common knowledge that little dick guys eat a lot of pussy, especially if their wives are as pretty as yours.  And it's also common knowledge that an easy going guy like you would more than likely suck up another man's slimy leavings and not say anything for fear of upsetting her, and her possibly leaving you.  So at least I'm doing you a favor by being honest  and open with you."

	I had to admit, Lou  was candid and straightforward.  I know I looked vanquished at all that had been told me.  I just sat and thought for a long moment.  Finally I replied to Lou.

	"SIGH!  I-I g-guess it-it's best if-if I-I do as you suggest.  I-I guess I-I can't fight city hall, s-since
 m-my prick is-is not big enough to a-appeal  a-and I-I don't have the money f-for the fines, o-or at least t-the number of times claims c-could be brought against me.  I-I guess I-I might as w-well learn how to
s- s-suck cock, because y-you probably w-won't be the last man to m-make such d-demands of me."  I replied softly and in a very meek voice as I stammered excessively.

	Lou applauded my action and praise me for being an upright and courageous husband as well as  doing the right thing, as he dropped his pants and exposed his semi-hard large penis.  The head was so large.  And in just seconds, his dick had stiffen and swollen to a rather prodigious length.  His tool was easily 7 plus inches in length and rather thick in circumference too.

	His was a cock to be in awe of.

	After I'd been shown how to suck my first dick and swallowed my first directly ejaculated heavy load of heated gooey sperm, Lou congratulated me on my first blow job and praised my mouthing action as very good for a beginner. 

	He let me know he's had his dick in the mouths of many husband and wanted me to know I had a natural sucking rhythm and a good swallowing reflex.  "You swallow my dick scum so naturally without hesitation.  That's a very good attribute  for a cocksucker."  He added.

	"And don't you worry, if I hear of any of the guys saying they are aroused by your wife, and start to make a play to get in her panties, I'll send them to you right away so they can get their dicks in your mouth and dump their hot burning loads down your throat."  He said to me as I was leaving. 

	 The only thing I could think of to say was "T-Thank you" since he seemed like he was genuinely trying to help me out by keeping keep cunt hounds away from my wife.

	True to his words, he did as he said.  Within 2 weeks after that meeting with him, as I recalled,
 8 men met with me and invoked their rights under the Phantomville Wife Protection Ordinance.  I swallowed a lot of hot thick creamy  jism from their big dicks to resolve their claims.  But I have to admit, I not only learned how to be a better cocksucker from the experience, but got a much better understanding of the sexual prowess and stamina of these so called pussy hounds, or bulls.

	Even Lou said so when he came back sometime later for more head from me. "Damn!  You've really gotten better."

	Again, not knowing what else to say or do, I could only thank him for his praise of my newly gained skills as a cocksucker.

	Eventually, even though I didn't want her to,  my wife soon discovered how I was protecting her from horny men who were aroused by her beauty.  She was so delighted and excited that I was doing this for her.  She let me know she adored me sucking hard cocks and swallowing all the hot pent up sperm that that horny men would liked to have ejaculated in her.

	It did make me feel better that she didn't think any worse of me as a  husband because I was having to deal with other men's sperm in the manner I was.

	In fact she told me "Honey, you don't have to worry in the least about me thinking you're a lesser man because you're a cocksucker.  Sure, a real man would not suck dicks, but a loving husband would, and swallow cum, just like you do."

	Others may not understand, but her words meant a lot to me.

	However, soon after she knew of my defending her,  it seemed that I began to notice heavier loads of deposited cum when she had me sucking her messy gamy semen drenched pussy.  It was obvious that there were still a lot of men who disregarded the PWPO provision and went ahead and exploited my wife's weakness for handsome muscular men and their sizeable dicks.

	At that time early in our marriage, I had to assume that Steve and Lee were among the guilty parties. 

	 Still, in order to keep from hearing what I didn't want to hear, I never brought up the possibility of her having wanton unbridled  intercourse with other men, but continued to suck her sloppy gloppy snatch without question.  

	The other thing that bothered me a bit, was that I was finding her terribly messy cunt a delight to suck.  And there was no denying that just as mother had told me before, there is a certain joy from a couple sharing and having intimate moments.  Before I met my wife, I never thought, they would be of this nature and in this manner.  But alas, it's true what they say,  life can indeed be strange.

	Over the following months, men were constantly calling me to put me on notice about their rights under the PWPO.  I had learned that it was expected I would take care of the men within 12 hours of being notified they had a hard dick because of being aroused by my wife.

	One case of me having to react quickly to keep the men from reporting me to city authorities was when  2 members of our church contacted me and invoked their right to have me give them sexual relief.  After getting their urgent  call on my cell, it was agreed I would meet them at a cheap motel nearby.  I was so happy they would split the cost of the room with me.  They didn't have to, since the PWPO pretty much puts all the burden on the husband to provide accommodations for the sexual act to take place.

	Once in the room, the two men dictated to me to get undressed and become totally nude for their pleasure.  I then was required to then help them undress.  As I did so, they required me to caress and fondle their two big, hard, long dicks and large hairy balls.  They both were so horny as their large and very stiff rigid dicks were quickly  jutting at an obscene angle toward the ceiling.

	I couldn't help but being impressed by their much larger cocks.  My smaller prick made me feel very inferior, but as is the case, the husband has to do as these 2 horny men were demanding, for after all, they were the perceived victims and trying to do the right thing by coming to me with their lusty hard-ons.

	"OH SHIT!  That feels so good.  Your hands are as soft as a woman's.  And OHOOOO, !  Yessss!  Suck my dick!  Yes sissy!  That's it!  Suck my dick!"

	It was easy to tell from their verbal expressions, it wouldn't be long before I would have the mouthfuls of heated gooey jism they were anxious to give me.

	Another thing about having become a skillful cocksucker is that I have come to learn that what might be considered derogatory comments by the men, are actually indications of how well a job I'm doing in getting them near the point of no return.  That is, where they unleashed their torrent of hot jism as they ejaculate their heated sperm down my throat.

	My father-in-law always stresses to me that cocksucking is an art,  and as has drilled into me, I should take great pride in drawing men's hot pent up semen from their bloated balls, as I use  my lips, tongue and sucking mouth action. My father-in-law has been instrumental in helping me keeping my cock sucking skills honed, but more about that later.

	As I suckled one, then the other hard throbbing erection of the church member, it was obvious that my oral administration to their heated hard dicks was working quite well.

	" Your wife should be proud of you the way you got my dick cooled down."  One of the men said, praising me before the two left, leaving  all their pent up hot thick rich semen in me.

	Their kudos did make me feel good that I had once again kept some well hung pussy hounds from causing my wife to yield to her weakness for big dicks, and letting them flood her pussy, and possibly inseminate her, causing our family to grow even more.

	So there you have it, another example of what a day can be like for me in protecting my wife from  better hung men.

END OF PART 1  

STAY TUNED:  PART 2  COMING SOON!

Comments?   ccwriter@hotmail.com



