Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Fifty-Nine: Challenging the Cuckolded Centaur
Summary: Kurtis and his sister ride agaist the centaur Kurtis cuckold the night before. Who will win this vicious fight?
Keywords: MFF MF oral anal A2P monster fantasy magic viol
Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Kurtis  The Forbidden City, The Empire of Shizhuth

The arrow hurtled at them.

My stomach clenched as Nephi darted to the right, kicking up sand with her paws. In her lion form, she was powerful. My twin sister held tight about my waist with her left arm as Nephi turned direction again, another arrow flashing at us.

Kyaza tried to kill us. And I had bred her last night. 

The ebony skin woman rode on her centaur-husband's back. She held a recurve bow that she drew back with another arrow knocked as Ghan charged straight at us. Kyaza loosed her arrow. The deadly missile gleamed for a moment in the afternoon sunlight filling the Coliseum. The watching crowds cheered for death.

Nephi flapped her wings and jumped to the side, gliding over the sand for a dozen feet before landing. She couldn't fly with our weight on her back, and we couldn't dismount without being disqualified. So my sister and I had to stay on her back. We had to win. I had to see the Serpent Oracle.

And I couldn't die. My family would suffer a cruel fate without me to protect them here.

The fear churned through me even as the battle exhilaration boiled through my veins. This was real. Ghan and his wife were trying to kill us. The centaur charged at us, lowering his lance. The point gleamed as he galloped toward us, his muscular torso rising from the front of his horse half.

He seemed so large as he charged at us. Towering over us. He turned, tracking Nephi. He wasn't as burdened as my sphinx was. Ghan didn't have two riders. Pyrriah insisted on coming. I knew she wouldn't be a burden, but...

The lance aimed straight for me.

Fires burst behind me. Warmth washed over my back. Flames hurtled from my sister at Ghan. The crowd OOOHED! as he cursed and turned to the right to avoid being burned the blazing ball slammed into the sand behind them, bursting with sparks.

Cheers whooped from the crowd as Ghan charged behind us. His wife tracked us and loosed an arrow that whipped by my head, nearly hitting me. The wind from its passage kissed the side of my face. Nephi turned to chase after Ghan.

If that hits us, we're dead, Pyrriah said. No blocking or parrying.

I nodded.

Nephi raced across the sand as Ghan outdistanced her. He turned. As he did, Kyaza loosed another arrow. At this range, I hardly had a chance to move. It buzzed past me and struck Pyrriah's helm. Metal rang. My sister cried out, gripping me.

Pyrriah! I gasped.

I'm okay, she said, clutching to me. The helmet deflected it. She's aiming for me.

What? I demanded. Ghan turned as he galloped over the sand. Was he trying to get into position to do something dangerous? It seemed like that. He was trying to outmaneuver us and charge at us from the side. Why not me? I'm in front.

You know why. Amusement played in her voice as Nephi continued the chase. 

I reached out to Kyaza. Lust brimmed in her. Lust for me. Seeing me again had ignited the fires I had stoked in her last night. The flames that burned hot for me. I had given her far more pleasure than her husband had. 

She blazed for me as she drew back another arrow. I could feel it. She didn't want to kill me, so she aimed for Pyrriah. She didn't care if she killed my sister. I couldn't let that happen. I focused on the fight now as Nephi and Ghan were running in circles. She was trying to keep him from getting a good angle to charge us.

After I kill you, Ghan roared, I'll fuck that woman of yours! That bitch on your back right here on the sands, and that other slut up in the stands! He grinned. I'll fuck her so hard again.

Amusement rippled through me. Was he trying to make me jealous? So I shouted back, Lasla had a fun time with you! Gave her a few moments of pleasure! She does like monster cocks, though she prefers our troll over your little dick!

Little! roared Ghan. My cock is as mighty as a stallion!

You haven't seen the troll's dick! I said. It's alike a tree-stump. Really fills my woman up. She loves it!
Pathetic! sneered Ghan, the tails of his long mustache fluttering along his cheeks. What sort of male lets his woman fuck other cocks?

I don't know, I said, glancing at Kyaza as she drew back for her next shot. You tell me. I mean, you let your woman fuck other cocks!

Kyaza gasped and loosed her arrow. It streaked across the short distance and struck me in the helm. My head snapped to the right. A dull bell rang around me while part of my head throbbed like I had been punched. I shook off the wave of dizziness rushing over me. 

She's not happy with you now, Pyrriah muttered.

That's an understatement, hissed Nephi. Her wings flapped.

What does that mean? snarled Ghan. He pointed his lance at me, dusk kicking up around his drumming hooves. Huh?

I fucked your wife last night, said Kurtis. 

Kyaza's eyes widened. She trembled on his back. 

I felt bad, but I had to do something to even the odds. Your wife snuck into my room. Las's big dick, she squealed on my cock! She loved it more than your little

Ghan roared and threw his lance like a spear. The missile blurred at us. 

Nephi jumped, flapping her wings. The lance streaked beneath us as we rose into the air. The weapon buried into the sand. I clutched to Nephi with my legs as she glided across the sands. She landed with a crunch of sand beneath her paws and kept running.

Pyrriah threw fire at Ghan. He roared behind us, drawing a pair of scimitars. He held them before him as he charged after us, kicking up sand. I kept twisting around to watch him as Nephi ran right and left, zigging and zagging.

YOU FUCKED MY WIFE! roared the centaur. I'LL RIP OFF YOUR COCK AND SHOVE IT UP YOUR ASS FOR TOUCHING MY WOMAN!

Laughter burst from the crowd as they heard his cuckolding confession. Kyaza squirmed on his back, her lust for me still in there. I flared it hot as Ghan closed the distance. He brought the scimitars in for a slash as he came up alongside us.

He hacked with both swords in a sweeping arc.

I raised my tulwar. 

CLANG! CLANG!

My sister and I both blocked his twin attacks. The centaur snarled as he drew back for another attack, his wife clutching to his back. She stared at me with such anger in her eyes even as I flamed her desire for me.

I didn't fuck him! Kyaza cried. I'm faithful!

Don't lie to your mate! I shouted. You were a bitch in heat last night. I pumped your womb full of my seed. You'll be having my son in nine months!

GELDING BASTARD! snarled Ghan and he swung again.

I blocked the blow. The force shivered up my sword and hurt my hand. He had such power. My sister slashed at his flank, but he turned and she just missed him. He turned and raced back in for another attack, fury twisting his swarthy face.

Come on, Kyaza, I said, a cocky smile on my lips Just admit it. You're so wet for my big dick, you'd fuck me right here! Right before the entire Forbidden City. You know I was the best you ever had! Say it!

She squirmed as we hurtled toward the edge of the stage. He darted in again, but this time, Nephi stopped. He shot past us and turned as she spun in place and raced in the other direction. He roared behind us as he had to take a wider turn at his speed to follow.

Fire your arrow, bitch! roared Ghan.

She didn't, though. Her pussy blazed. The need to fuck my cock was so strong. She burned for me so much. She would take me right now. That was how horny she was. The memory of last night burned through her mind.

You did fuck him, you worthless cunt! bellowed Ghan. You mewling quim! I can feel your juices soaking my back! Fucking whore!

To my shock, he stopped chasing us as he threw down his sword and reached behind him. He grabbed her by the hair and threw her to the ground. She hit in a puff of sand. Pyrriah cried out in shock as I leaned my body to the left.

Turn around, Nephi! I cried.

Kyaza started to rise only for him to rear up and kick her with his front hoofs. She flew back from the impact, landing on the sand in a puff of beige. She groaned and trembled there. He advanced on her, his face a makes of rage

I did fuck him last night! shrieked Kyaza as she struggled to get up. She spat at her centaur-husband as he advanced. She gained her feet. I rode him hard. He didn't have to whip my ass first, either! I gave myself to him, gelding!

He backhanded her. The blow snapped her head back. Her hair flew. She punched her again as Nephi raced at him. I held my tulwar in a tight grip as we hurtled toward the scene. My heart thundered as she tripped and fell. 

Cheating mare! He reared to slam his hooves down on her, screaming, Cheating mare! You're not having his spawn!

Nephi jumped with a flap of her wings and crashed into his chest. Her claws struck him. Racking into him. The blow threw him back. He fell onto his side. His horse legs kicked as he thrashed. He bellowed, throwing sand as he struggled to rise.

Nephi turned and rushed back at him, roaring, BAAAASTARD!

I leaned over her and slashed my tulwar at Ghan as he pushed himself up.

I struck him in the throat. I ripped across his esophagus in a spurt of crimson blood. My sister's sword struck him a moment later. She cut even deeper than mine did, slashing to the spine. His head nearly fell back as he flopped to the ground.

Blood soaked the sand as he thrashed. He clutched at his own throat. His wife rose and stared at him. She whipped at her mouth and spat crimson on his face. Her body shook with fury that twisted around the lust I had inflamed in her.

Gelding! she hissed. I'm your broodmare no longer!

I leaped off Nephi, the crowd roaring. The empress stared down at us. She knew I had won. I grabbed Kyaza and threw her over my shoulder, flaring her lust for me. She gasped as I turned to the empress. 

She raised her hand.

Silence rippled through the stands as they all realized their dread empress wished to speak. As the hush fell, spoiled only by the last gurgling breaths of the dying Ghan, I faced Empress Szialianith without fear.

I'm claiming her as my spoils of victory, your dread Majesty!

Of courssse, she hissed, her voice projecting out over the stage. You seduccced the wife. Clever. You've won twiccce, but tomorrow... Tomorrow it's the maze. If you cannot best all three, then you were too weak, Ambassssador.

I'm looking forward to it! I bowed low, shifting Kyaza to keep her from falling off. She quivered with such excitement now. I could smell her spicy pussy bleeding out from beneath the leather skirt she wore. I'm honored to face it and am eager for all the challenges that I will overcome!

The empress inclined her head before she turned and slithered away.

I turned and marched across the sands. Nephi fell in beside me with Pyrriah riding her, my sister looking so regal. Triumphant, even. She glanced at Kyaza, a smile playing on my sister's face She slapped her hand down on her rump.

This is a delicious trophy, she said. I didn't expect this. Did you, Kurtis.

Well, Lasla gave us the opening, didn't she. I glanced at my family who were watching from the box. She definitely wanted to make sure we had a secret knife to use against Ghan.

Yes, she did. Pyrriah smiled. The three of us make a great team. The empress is going to regret sending Lasla in with us tomorrow. And with Mother.

Yes, she will, I said. Isn't that right, Kyaza?

What did you do to me? moaned Kyaza. You boiled my blood. You overcame my fear of my husband. I... I... told him the truth beating in my heart.

Yes, you did, I told her. And it's such a freeing thing, isn't it?

So freeing, she whispered. I can't believe it. This is... I mean... I told him what I felt because you... pleasured me so much. You gave me bliss. You didn't just take me. You didn't rob me from my life and force me to be yours.

Is that what he did? asked Pyrriah as we reached the far side. We headed down the ramp to the waiting area.

I am from a different tribe of centaurs from him. She squirmed on my shoulder. He killed... my mate and took me as his, but I should have been loyal. I was his mare. He claimed me by combat, but last night... I came to you and now he's dead. I killed my mate.

I snorted. All you did was fuck me. You didn't see me jealous that he fucked my woman. He was a fool. A jealous idiot that tried to punish you in the middle of the fight. He got himself killed.

Yes, he is an idiot, I said as we entered the waiting area. I tossed her down. Nephi blurred back into her human form as the rest of our family rushed in.

Lasla flew to me and threw her arms around my neck. She kissed me with passion, her body pressed against the armor I wore. I kissed her back, loving this moment while my stomach growled I was hungry.

I broke the kiss and said, Back to our rooms. I want to be in a secure place before we talk. And... I'm starving.

We'll have food there, Mother said. Beliala, see to it.

Yes, Azuliana, the demon said. She nodded to me. 

So did the others. Diane looked so grateful that I was alive while Shetha kept rubbing her cheek into my leg. The soldiers all had grins while Oberoy favored me a wink. We headed back to our quarters, Kyaza walking at my side, looking around at everyone, a tad bemused.

We entered our living quarters, the rakshasas and Nephi leading the way. They sniffed around the room, searching hard as we entered after them. The soldiers were behind us. Beliala let her whip form out of darkness as she strode out after the searching monster girls. 

My, my, you are a cautious one, said Kyaza. Ghan would have galloped into it.

He doesn't think past the tip of his dick, I said. That's why he's dead.

She smirked and nodded.

The rakshasas and Nephi nodded. The rest of us moved into our room. Shetha jumped on a couch and curled up in a ball, purring. The twins were lounging against the wall, the succubus and incubus quite close. Oberoy took a seat on a chair. Beliala drifted toward him, a naughty smile on her lips. Tharaka and his sister retired to the barracks along with the soldiers not on watch. Mom sat down on a chair, her hands rubbing her wrists.

I was glad she was free.

Kyaza looked around at my harem. Diane was dancing in place, her silver hair swaying down her back. Her eyes flicked to Mother, a questioning look on her face. Her eyes focused on the golden chastity belt.

She's your mother and your slave? asked Kyaza.

Yes, she is, I said, unstrapping my armor. Pyrriah did the same thing. 

She's a very special woman, added Lasla. I suppose since you're my brother's newest concubine, you can know her secret. You'll never tell, will you.

Kyaza shuddered, her pussy clenching. And never enjoy his cock again?

I smiled as Lasla played with Kyaza's lusts.

We told her about our mother, our purpose in coming here. Her jaw dropped. You did all this to win an audience with the Serpent Oracle. That's madness. Just insanity. She looked around the room. You're playing a deadly game with not just Queen Athirmi but also Empress Szialianith. You have a big pair of stallion balls, don't you?

Yes, I do, I said. I

The door opened. Shetha sat up and said, The food's here. Let me sniff it and make sure it's clean. I'm a trained poison detector.

I bet every lamia was. 

The platters of food were brought in by lamia servants who sat them down then quickly retreated. Shetha sniffed over them all and stopped at one meat pie. That one is poisoned. A mild one. A laxative that would have you up all night.

Amusing, I said. Dispose of it, but the rest is safe.

She nodded. The grilled meats on skewers mixed with vegetables, the soups, the loaves of bread, and the pastries were all safe. I groaned and picked up a skewer, tearing off the meat seasoned with savory spices and ate the vegetables.

The ingredients were all strange, but it was still delicious.

Everyone dug in, especially Nephi. She appeared famished by the way she gulped down the food. I had some of it sent to the barracks for the orc, troll, and the soldiers. There was plenty of it. They didn't starve us.

Just tried to trick us. These lamia.

It was while we were eating that a soft wrap came at the secret door. My rakshasas and Nephi sprang toward it, Princess Naryu and Pradu's heads blurring into tiger forms. They pushed open the door. It wasn't Istandar Zianamilizzi. It was Xera and Minx. 

The elf and her halfling wife, both still in their disguises as human and lamia, entered. 

So, time to call in the favor? I asked.

Xera nodded, an elegant woman. There's a dire threat to this world, she said. There's a monster breeding experiment.

Yes, there is, growled Solja. The troll stood at the entrance to the room, his bulk filling up the doorway. 

Anger rippled off him. I knew why.

My wife and I, along with a few of our agents, are here to cripple it, said Xera.

Okay, I said. That sounds like a good idea. And you want our help?

We need the attention of everyone focused on you in the maze. She stared at me. You cannot be defeated in it fast. Nor can you conquer it swiftly. You must spend all day in there and make it entertaining. We need the time to do our work. Hold the empresses and her sycophants' attention. Hold the eyes of every disgusting functionary that exists in the Forbidden City. Yo do that, and we can cripple it.

You have to do more than cripple it, I said, feeling Solja's presence. There is an orc. Her name is Rawka. You have to free her.

If we free her, what do we do with her? Minx asked. Return her to you.

Yes, Solja growled.

No, I said, shaking my head. She has to go back with you across the mountains to Dragon's Rest. The Empress cannot think that we had anything to do with it. We have to be all in the maze or watching it the entire time. And no one can magically appear in our retinue. I stared at the troll. I'm sorry, but once we have left this country, you and your sister can make your way to Dragon's Rest and be reunited with your mother.v
He stared at me hard.

This is Minx and Xerathalasia. They helped Sir Angela slay Dominari. They are skilled and dangerous warriors.

I'm a clever and brilliant thief, said Minx. Fighting is for dullards who couldn't think of a better way out. Troll, we'll get her out. I promise you. We won't let her stay here. We can easily do that. We have our escape route secured. We just need the distraction.

You better, Solja rumbled. You better save her. If you don't, elf and thief, I will track you down.

Minx winked. 

We will secure her, said Xerathalasia. Now we have to leave before we are noticed. Just keep all the eyes of the Forbidden City on you, and we shall save Rawka and stop the breeding program.

And no one can ever suspect us since we'll all be at the maze, I said, glancing at my family.

Nods went around the room. Not a single one of us would use magic to help. No talents. No equipment. The elf and halfling were all on their own, but I knew they could do it. They were companions of the great Thrak, the mighty orc barbarian.

Good luck, Lasla said as Minx and Xerathalasia slipped back into the hidden passage.

Luck's for those who don't plan, said Minx. Well, this is the last we'll see each other for a while. Hope you don't die in the maze, but if you do, give us at least until the afternoon. And make it entertaining.

Thanks, I muttered.

We're not dying, Lasla said. We'll be just fine.

You will, said Xerathalasia. Come on, Minx. They are going to die. Kurtis reminds me too much of Sophia for him to die.

He's definitely as horny as her. Minx blew a kiss, then Xerathalasia pulled the door shut. The stone boomed close and we were alone.

They will save your mother, Solja, I told him, nodding.

He grunted and turned around. His sister was there. He took her into the barracks. No doubt she was about to take her big brother's cock. He was definitely the definition of big. I glanced over at Kyaza. She still wore her leather armor, a chest piece and her skirt.

I wanted to have so much fun with her. My newest woman. As if reading my mind, Shetha darted up and started unfastening Kyaza's armor. The ebony-skinned woman didn't flinch. She was technically a centaur despite looking human.

They were an all-male race born by my father's seed splashing on a stallion. But they had bred so much with the same group of women, that those women started having daughters who looked human. Which meant if she had a son, he'd be a centaur.

My centaur son.

That made me smile.

Her leather cuirass came off, exposing her dark breasts. They were as round and delicious as they had been last night topped with nipples that were an even darker shade. Just a lovely pair of boobs to look at. I loved the sight of them.

My dick throbbed as Shetha took off her skirt. The lamia's tawny tail swished back and forth. She knelt before the gorgeous Kyaza. She had a lean and athletic build. Her muscles toned. A warrior who looked as fierce as she was sexy.

Eat her pussy, Shetha, I said.

Yes, Master! Shetha said and purred loudly.

She buried her face into Kyaza's pussy. The ebony-skinned woman groaned, her back arching and boobs jiggling as she enjoyed the licking and lapping. Shetha's cat ears twitched as she devoured that pussy I bred.

My dick was so hard. Lasla came up beside me and pressed her body against mine. She was such a naughty sister. She stroked my cock with her naughty hand. Her tongue flicked over my earlobe, sending a hot shiver through me.

So, which hole are you thinking of fucking? Lasla asked.

You know which one, I said, staring a Shetha's bald twat and her cute asshole peeking out of her butt-crack. Her tail swished back and forth.

Enjoy. My sister nibbled on my lip. Stalker, come eat my pussy.

The panthopus darted across the room to her. He pressed his snout up between her legs and happily licked at her. She groaned and stepped back, the beast licking her cunt the entire way. She sank onto a couch and let the monster feast on her.

She groaned, her face twisting with delight. I smiled and went back to the delicious Shetha's tail slashing before me. I dropped to my knees and grabbed her trail. She shuddered and quivered. I had read somewhere that holding a lamia's tail was an intimate act.

They didn't like it being held, but if they liked you, they would let you do it.

If you don't want me to hold your tail, I said, realizing she must be trained to let people do just this. You don't have to let me. I won't be mad at you.

No, no, I like it, Master, she yowled, her tail twitching in my hand. 

She kept feasting on Kyaza's cunt. Ghan's widow trembled there, her face twisting in delight. She smiled at me as I pushed my cock into the lamia's pussy lips. I loved the wet feel of her cunt on me. I thrust into her snatch.

She purred louder, the soft rumble a delight to hear. Though being in her pussy was even more of a delight. I loved that hot cunt around me. This was such a wonderful treat to have her cunt around me. I savored her holding my dick in her snatch.

She soaked me in her juices. Which was just what I wanted.

I ripped my cock out of her pussy and slid up to that naughty hole. I pushed right against my lamia's backdoor. She purred in delight as I nuzzled into her anal ring. I watched Kyaza's boobs swaying as I drilled my dick against Shetha's asshole.

Her anal ring widened and widened to take my cock. I loved how she stretched open more and more until I popped into her bowels. She yowled into Kyaza's pussy as I sank into that hot and velvety sheath.

Las's big dick, I breathed, enjoying this so much.

I sank into her anal sheath. I loved every inch of her bowels devouring my cock. She purred with such delight as her hot asshole engulfed my cock. I bottomed out in her, my bush rubbing against her butt-cheeks. Her tail twitched in my hand.

I drew back my hips, my cock sliding out of her bowels. Her ears twitched as her anal sheath gripped me. I loved that wonderful friction. She purred and feasted on Kyaza's cunt. I loved it as I slammed back into Shetha's asshole.

Master! she yowled.

Fuck her ass, groaned Kyaza. Yes, yes, fuck her asshole hard, Kurtis!

Until she's cumming! I said, grinning. Gods damn, you got a tight asshole, Shetha!

Thank you, Master! Thank you for using my bowels and fucking me hard!

I pounded the naughty lamia's bowels hard. I rammed into her, giving her what she craved. The end of her tail flicked back and forth, the fuzzy hairs brushing my chin. I loved the feel of her bowels around me as I fucked her hard.

Kyaza groaned. She grabbed the back of the lamia's head, holding Shetha to that hot cunt. I could feel Kyaza's orgasm building in her pregnant depths. I loved it. I thrust into my lamia's asshole as he drove the warrior beauty before me toward her orgasm.

Yes, Kyaza moaned. Gewin's mighty cock, that's it!

Mmm, yes, yes, feast on that yummy cunt, I growled, fucking Shetha's asshole harder.

I am, Master! Her tail twitched in my hand. So yummy!

I loved the feel of her fur against my hand as I gripped her tail. I fucked her bowels hard, slamming into the cat-girl's bowels. She squeezed down on me, holding me. That was incredible to enjoy. Just fantastic to savor.

I fucked her hard and fast. I rammed into her anal sheath again and again. I loved how she gripped me. She massaged me with that wonderful twat. I fucked her with force. I buried to the hilt in her again and again.

She groaned as I thrust in and out of her. I fucked her hard and fast. I rammed to the hilt in her asshole with force. She groaned, her bowels gripping my dick. She massaged me with her hot flesh. I groaned, loving this heat so much. 

I hammered her hard. Fast. I buried to the hilt in her again and again. I loved how she gripped me. How she held me with her hot anal sheath. She had such a wonderful asshole. She massaged me. Made me feel just fantastic.

Gods damn, I growled, the pressure in my nuts growing.

I know, gasped Kyaza. You're little slut is making my pussy melt. I'm going to drown her in my pussy cream!

Yummy! Shetha moaned, her bowels clamping down on me, her orgasm building in her. She was so close to bursting, too.

I slammed into her asshole and caressed both their passions. Kyaza threw back her head and climaxed. Her ebony breasts heaved and slapped together. I loved how they rippled. It was so hot to watch. My cock throbbed as I fucked into the hilt in Shetha's bowels.

Gods damn! Kyaza gasped as she drowned Shetha in pussy cream.

Master! yowled the lamia as I drew back my cock. Her asshole convulsed around me. Master! Master! I love you!

I love you, too, I groaned and plunged back to the hilt in my lamia's writhing bowels. Her hot flesh suckled at me. Las's big dick!

I erupted into her anal sheath.

I flooded her bowels with my cum. The pleasure swept through me. I groaned, savoring the heat of flooding her anal sheath with my cum. She rippled around me. She suckled at me with such passion. I loved every moment of her bowels nursing at my dick.

Her tail ripped out of my hand and swished back and forth. I smiled as it ran over my chest, teasing me with its fuzziness. Pleasure swept through me. Stars exploded across my vision as I pumped her anal sheath with all my cum.

Gods damn, yes! I growled as I filled Shetha's asshole with my cum.

Gewin's mighty cock, moaned Kyaza as she swayed there. She trembled, her large breasts rising and falling. Oh, that's good. That's fantastic. That's just amazing. Yes, yes, yes, I love that!

I was so glad that she did love Shetha's tongue. I felt amazing filling the lamia's bowels with all that spunk I had in my balls. She was such a rewarding treat to have in my harem. I was so glad that I owned her.

Her ears twitched as she kept licking at Kyaza's cunt. The centaur's widow quivered in delight. She smiled at me, her eyes burning with such heat in them. She stepped back from the lamia, her thick bush dripping with cunt cream.

I need that cock in me, she hissed, moving around her. I don't care that it's in her asshole. I need it in my pussy! She cupped my face. You killed my mate. That makes you my husband. That's the law of the herd. You're my new stallion, and I have to ride you. 

My wife kissed me with passion. I groaned, accepting her. She wasn't a wife on the same level as my sisters, but she was still correct. I had to take responsibility for her. I had to pleasure her. She would be useful in the coming months.

Another warrior in the party. An archer.

I pulled my cock out of Shetha's cunt and picked up Kyaza in my arms. She groaned, her lips working on mine. I carried her to the couch and sank down beside my sister getting her cunt devoured by Stalker. Other moans echoed through the room.

Oberoy devoured Beliala's cunt, her hand holding the back of his head. A mix of shame and pleasures rippled through the fairy as he felt guilty for enjoying her domination. The incubus fucked the succubus. Pyrriah had Nephi sitting on her face while both rakshasas ate out my twin's cunt. Diane danced to her own music, looking so beautiful.

I broke the kiss with Kyaza. She shifted on me until she straddled me. She grabbed my dirty dick and brought it right to her pussy. She shoved me through her bush. I groaned as she plunged her cunt down my dick. She swallowed every inch of me.

I loved that. I savored her gripping my twat with that hot pussy. She held my dirty dick, polishing my pole with her hot twat. She squeezed down on me. I slapped my hands down on her rump. I loved the feel of her beneath me.

I gripped her rump as she slid her cunt up my cock. She massaged my pussy with her hot twat. My new woman moaned into the kiss. Her tongue danced with mine as she plunged down my hard and dirty dick. She took me to the hilt again and again.

She broke the kiss and moaned, Yes, yes, yes, this is a cock worth betraying my mate over! Oh, my Gods, that's good. That's such a mighty dick!

Mmm, purred Lasla. Oh, Stalker, yes!

She came beside us as I enjoyed that hot twat working up and down my cock. She squeezed about me. She held me tight. I loved that so much. I savored her cunt plunging down my dick. It was fantastic to have her squeezing me like that.

Gods damn, I groaned as she rode me, my fingers digging into her rump. It was so hot having her ride me. Work that juicy snatch up and down my cock! I'll fill you with cum!

Yes! she hissed and gripped me with her hot twat.

She worked that hot cunt up and down my dick. She cleaned my dick as she moaned, her boobs jiggling before me. They were so big and lush. I squeezed her plump rump as I reveled in her snatch massaging my dick.

She whimpered, her head tossing. She worshiped my cock with her pussy. She loved it. This was the best cock she had ever enjoyed. I smiled, loving my powers. Being the Son of Las had so many perks.

And one huge drawback. Throwia.

I didn't want to think about that cruel goddess. Not with such a sweet pussy working up and down my dick. She suckled at me with such passion. She gripped me with her hot cunt, bringing me closer and closer to cumming.

My nuts swelled with the pressure as her hot twat gripped me with her silky flesh. I enjoyed every moment of her riding me. Every last second of her working up and down my dick. She held me tight. It was an exciting treat. I would have such wonderful cum. Just a mighty burst of delight. 

Yes, I groaned, loving that pussy around me. Las's big dick, that's good. Just keep riding me like that. Keep working that snatch up and down my dick. I'm going to cum.

You better, she moaned her hot twat plunging down my dick. She held me tight with her juicy flesh as she went back up. I want your cum in me. I love having your seed in my snatch.

She arched her back, her big boobs heaving as she rode my dick. She worked that juicy snatch up and down me, the pressure building and building in my nuts. The itch throbbed at the tip of my cock. I would have such a mighty burst of pleasure. Just erupt so hard.

Her orgasm built in her. She rose toward that bursting point. I could feel it brimming in her as she slid up my cock. She was so close. I squeezed her rump, my nuts ready to detonate and flood her with all my spunk.

Kyaza's pussy impaled down my dick. She threw back her head, her multitude of woolly braids danced around her ebony face. Her cunt went wild around my dick. Her hot twat convulsed and suckled at my dick.

Las's big dick, I breathed as the pressure at the tip of my cock erupted.

I flooded her cunt with my jizz.

I fired blast after blast of cum into her bowels. The pleasure swept through my mind. I shuddered, my mind drowning beneath the bliss. The rapture was outstanding. I grunted with each eruption, my mind melting beneath all this passion. The heat shot through me. 

I groaned, pumping my load into her bred pussy. Her cunt rippled around me. I shuddered, savoring the heat smothering my mind in euphoria. Her pussy suckled at me, working out every drop of cum I had.

Yes, I groaned.

Oh, that's so good! she moaned, Oh, yes, yes, you're going to beat that uppity, duallahan bitch in the maze!

I will! I groaned, savoring the ecstasy sweeping through me. I fired the last of my cum into her pussy. I felt so good, but... What do you know about the maze?

Nothing. She quivered. It's never been run since that bastard dragged me here.

I nodded, my body buzzing with the rapture. We had to be up early tomorrow, but it wasn't even evening. I had a lot of tension to relieve, and my harem had to get to know Kyaza. I shuddered and smiled.
I would conquer the maze tomorrow with my sisters and mother at my side. I had to. I couldn't let all my followers down. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla

The next morning, the escort led us out of the city toward where the maze was. It lay to the west. We could see it on the horizon as we approached it, a massive monolith that thrust a hundred feet in the air. Two large openings were in the front that led into the labyrinth.

I frowned at that. There were stands built on either side that was becoming packed with people. How could they see? Then I noticed that a waterfall fell between the two openings. It rippled with magic. A group of shadowmancers seemed to be kneeling at the base, sending darkness up that soon became my brother riding on Nephi. An image of him projected with illusionary magic.

That was how they would watch.

Before the shadowmancers, a raised throne was carried out with Empress Szialianith on it. The naga faced us as we approached, passing between the stands now. The crowd was cheering. I swallowed, grabbing at the hilt of my belt knife. We were going in there.

Standing before the entrance on the left was a woman with purple skin and glowing eyes. A duallahan, a rare race of all-women, another birthed by Las. They could remove their heads and still control their bodies. She wore black armor that fitted to her busty figure. She wore her white hair in a ponytail.

Our family stopped before the throne, the Empress staring down at us. The tip of her red tail, draped off the side, twitched. A group of Lamia knelt chained to her throne, all naked and quivering, their tails tucked beneath their bodies.

Welcome, welcome, said the Empress of Dread Shizhuth. It has been some time since an Ambassssador has reached the Labyrinth!

Cheers echoed around us. They roared from the stands. All the important people were here. The city was all but defenseless. Good luck, I thought to Minx and Xerathalasia. I hoped they would save Solja's mother.

I know, I know, the Empress said when the cheers died, we are in for a wonderful day. Not only is the mighty Kurtis going in, but his mother and sisters. Can he keep his soft sister and slave-mother alive through all the challenges and still beat Eurydice to the center of the maze and slay the dread beast within.

The duallahan thrust her arm in the air. The crowd chanted her name. EURYDICE! EURYDICE! EURYDICE!

My stomach rippled with fear. It was a race, too? We had to move fast? But how could we by time for the plan if we had to move through the maze as fast as possible? I glanced at my brother. If we didn't win here, we wouldn't get our boon.

I know, I know, said the Empress. It is a momentous day. Eurydice has promised us a spectacle today.

The crowd roared again as the Empress slithered off her throne. She approached my brother. He dismounted Nephi. Like Pyrriah, he wore armor, ready for what we would find in there. We had no idea what it would be.

A race? asked my brother. Didn't she design the maze?

Well, the trapssss, said the Empress. But she doesn't know where they've been positioned or the lay out. I promisssse.

I wanted to snap, Your word is worthless! but I held my tongue. 

Doesn't matter, said Kurtis. I have my family with me. She's alone. She won't stand a chance.
The Empress flicked her eyes to me. You can always forfeit now. Such a pity to losssse such promisssing delightsss to the maze. I'll only claim one sister and your moon maiden. You can keep the ressst and go.

I haven't even told you my boon, my brother said, shrugging. Just going to have to crush your duallahan and win the maze.

A smile flicked across the Empress's lips. I almost want you to win just to hear what you want from me that you would gamble everything to achieve it.

Well, by the end of the day, you'll know.

She hissed with laughter. Now she looked at my step-mother. Her manacles are missing.
Her punishment is over with, I said. My brother patted a pouch on his belt. But if she's bad again, well, I can always bind her with her hands behind her back.

Mmm, I like you. Her dead eyes fixed on my brother. Good luck, my beloved.

She slithered back to her throne. Kurtis turned to our family and nodded. Everyone retreated to the stands but my brother, my sister, my step-mother, and myself. The four of us headed toward our entrance, walking past the throne of the Empress being lifted up and turned around to face the maze by all those poor lamia.

I hated that asp so much. I would strike her down if I thought we'd survive.

We stood facing the entrance. The black stone rose high above us. The tunnel turned away from the duallahan's. We'd be moving away from her for a while. I swallowed, my stomach churning with nerves. Would we make it?

A mighty burst of thunder exploded behind us. I squeaked and jumped.

The duallahan rushed in. 

Let's go! Kurtis shouted and charged into the maze. I swallowed, grabbed my step-mother's hand, and followed after, Pyrriah at the lead. 

My skin crawled as we entered the labyrinth. Behind us, the stones boomed shut. There was no forfeiting now. Now going back. It was complete the maze or die together. 

To be continued...
