Author: mypenname3000
Title: The World's First Futa  Futa's Big Surprise 01: Futa's First Hot Surprise
Summary: The world's first futa gets a wicked surprise from a MILF and her step-daughter!
Keywords: HF HFF school exhib oral creampie wife cheat breed anal rim

Copyright 2018

April 17th, 2047

Let me just touch up your makeup, Madam President, the young man said, his black hair spiked up along the top and buzzed short on the side, a thick, gold hoop dangling from his left ear. 

I sat still on the couch before the live studio audience, my heart thudding. The ache in my futa-dick, tenting the front of my tight skirt, eased as the man rubbed liquid foundation on my face, thicker than what I would normally wear. But you really had to apply it when dealing with cameras. That hadn't changed over the thirty years I'd been in the spotlight since the world learned I was the first futa.

I endured it with poise and grace. I was, after all, a former president of the United States. And only months of away from being inaugurated as the world's first ruler, elected by the nations of the world. Mostly the women and my thousands and thousands of futa-daughters. Women just... loved me. The first time they encountered me, they were so overwhelmed with lust they just had to fuck me.

Hence why a makeup man was touching me up. The entire crew of the talk show celebrating my life on my forty-eighth birthday was all male for just that reason, and the studio audience had a screen between us, keeping them from reaching me.

They still lusted for me. I heard them crying out my name. They were all dark shadows thanks to the stage lights, but I knew more than a few were flashing their tits at me, just aching to enjoy the world's first futa.

Breed me, Madam President! a woman howled.

Breeding, Adelia Tash, the caramel-skinned talk show host, sighed in amused delight. She rubbed her belly. I'd bred her nineteen years ago when she interviewed me for the first time. Our futa-daughter was just starting college.

There you are, the man said, standing back and nodding his head. You're just perfect. The interview is going so well.

Thanks, I said, giving him a tight smile.

One minute, the male producer called out.

The commercial break was halfway over.

You're doing amazing, Sharron, my blue-eyed and young wife, said. She sat down beside me, patting my thigh. I had twice the age on her. It took me so long to finally discover a woman for me. Kurt, my first and only boyfriend, always said I would find her.

He found his true love long before I found mine.

Thanks, Sharron, I said, smiling at the twenty-three-year-old beauty, her strawberry-blonde hair spilling about her face. I glanced down at her belly swelling with our third daughter.

The only woman I ever had more than one child with. The only woman I had ever truly loved. I cared for many, even Sharron's mother, aunt, and grandmother. But I only treasured her. I stroked my wife's cheek and leaned in to kiss her on the mouth, so glad we had the last five years together.

I could still taste the linger traces of my cum from the blowjob she gave me during the last commercial break. My futa-cock ached and throbbed in beneath my skirt. My transformed clit swelled to its full girth, rock-hard again.

I broke the kiss. Mmm, do you think you could blow me again?

Thirty seconds, the producer said.

Sorry, honey, Sharron said, her blue eyes dancing with mirth, a smile playing on her lips. So much like her father's smile. You're just going to have to suffer. But... maybe I'll give the studio audience a little treat and let you enjoy a different one of my holes during the next break.

Or I would be glad to do it, Becky, Adelia moaned.

See, so many possibilities, Sharron said, no jealousy at all in her voice. She understood I could never be all hers. In fact, she selected the eighteen-year-old virgin I deflowered each day, reveling in bringing them to our bed. She loved watching me pop their cherries and plant a baby in their belly. This is the part of the story I like.

Breeding women? I asked my wife.

She winked at me and then sauntered back to off-stage as the producer called out, And we're live in five, four, three... He mouthed, two, one, and the red lights on the three cameras filming us came on.

Welcome back to the celebration of Becky Woodard's amazing life, purred Adelia Tash, sitting with such confidence as she stared at camera two, the one right in the middle. Right before we had to take a quick break for our sponsors, the world's first futa was telling us about the big surprise she received.

I nodded my head. After I had accepted whom I was during the orgy in my dorm, that it was okay for me to enjoy all the women I fucked, I threw myself into the sex. It was almost 24/7. The women of my college were just aching to fuck me. They all wanted to enjoy the world's first futa just once.

I had to recruit help. Kurt, my ex-boyfriend, Harry, and Chris were all such sweet guys to help me control the tide.

And eager to enjoy all the pussy around you? Adelia asked.

Well, of course, I said with a laugh. Who doesn't enjoy some hot pussy? Well, Chris was just happy to enjoy his new girlfriend Tiffany. He loved watching me fuck her all the time. He was into futas when they were just the imagination of Japanese manga artist. Since I was so busy fucking, I didn't have time to study, and he was more than happy to do my schoolwork in exchange for watching me nail Tiffany so he could enjoy sloppy seconds.

What a life you lived, laughed Adelia.

The studio audience tittered in agreement.

Kurt and Harry were like my... secretaries. They controlled access to me, making sure I wasn't just mobbed with girls, ensuring that the same ones weren't always monopolizing me. Word was getting out beyond our campus. The news was starting to pick up stories about me. Gossip magazines and religious forums were all starting to talk about me for different reasons. Conservatives decried the sexual perversion going on at the University of Washington or declaring futas were a hoax, while Liberals were all supporting me and my free-love lifestyle.

It was a month-and-a-half into this life when the big surprise happened. I felt the audience grew expectant. Adelia leaned forward to me as I told about that day in the middle of November nearly thirty years ago.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

November 15th, 2017

Oh, my god, Kurt, I groaned at the sight of the naked, redheaded girl kneeling on my bed in my dorm room, her rump pointed right at my door. She has dimples on her ass.

Yeah, she does, my ex-boyfriend said, his arm around Dona, a brunette he'd been dating since the orgy a month-and-a-half ago. Enjoy, Becky.

Thanks, I said, shaking my head. Damn, you are the best ex-boyfriend in the world. You know that?

Kurt gave me this amazing, supportive grin, his blue eyes twinkling. He usually was so friendly. I treasured that about him when we were dating. I wished I still liked guys, but since the night he took my cherry, came in me, and somehow triggered my transformation into a futa, I hadn't liked guys at all.

I was totally into girls.

Redheads especially. Not surprising; Kurt was a ginger, and I used to find that sexy about him.

Have fun, Becky, Dona said, giving my naked rump a smack with her hand.

My hard futa-dick throbbed before me as I studied the waiting redhead. And she's on birth control?

Of course, Kurt said. She showed us her prescription for the pill. She's still taking the old one, but it looks like she's keeping up with it. She's safe.

Ever since Dr. Senior, my family practice doctor, saw me after the transformation, I had become so aware that I was shooting live swimmers. My sperm was very fertile. My cum contained far more sperm then the average guy, making it even more likely I would breed someone. Since women just need to fuck me, burning so badly for it they couldn't think of anything else when we first met, the least I could do was not give them an unexpected surprise.

I wasn't ready to become a mother. I was only eighteen.

Please, please, I need you so badly, Becky, the girl moaned. I've wanted it ever since I saw the cum dripping down the thighs of the volleyball team last week.

I didn't fuck our school's volleyball team last... I blinked. Oh, you came up from Oregon to fuck me?

She nodded her head and wiggled her hips, shaking that dimpled ass at me. I've read about you on blogs and on Facebook. You're amazing. I need your dick in me so badly.

How could I say no? 

My phone chirped in my hand. I glanced down at it, saw it came from Nurse Rhea, and shrugged. The lesbian nurse probably wanted to have another threesome with me and her hot wife. They made such a cute couple. But I had a redhead to enjoy. 

I set my phone on my dresser on my way to the bed. This girl needed it so bad, how could I say no? How could I deny her the chance to writhe on my huge cock? Her fiery bush glistened with her excitement, hiding the treasure of her juicy pussy. 

I grabbed her ass, squeezing her butt-cheeks, feeling those wonderful dimples. She quivered in utter delight as I brought my futa-cock to her furred muff. I pressed it into her fiery curls, loving how those bright-red, silky strands caressed my pink tip.

Oh, my god, fuck me, Becky! she groaned, pressing her hips back into me. Her cunt swallowed the tip of my dick.

I groaned at the silky feel of her pussy lips sliding about my girth. My cunt clenched. Heat rippled down my shaft. My heart thudded beneath my breasts as I quivered. My round breasts shook, my blonde hair swaying about my shoulders.

Please, please, pound me! she moaned, pushing back farther and farther, sliding her pussy down my girth.

I didn't even have to do anything. I just had to let her fuck her pussy down my cock. I held her hips, as she pressed her dimpled asscheeks into my crotch. She whimpered, her cunt taking me to the hilt.

I didn't even know her name. I had never met her until right now. She was a stranger from University of Oregon in Eugene. It was so hot. I knew nothing about her. Nothing mattered except that she had a hot cunt in need of my clit-dick's satisfaction.

Oh, my god! she moaned, her back arching, her pussy clenching down so hard on my cock. Oh, yes! That's amazing. You're so huge! Just like they say.

Uh-huh, I whimpered, just savoring her juicy pussy wrapped about my cock, clenching and relaxing, bathing me with her heat.

And I get to fuck you! All the girls at my college will be so jealous! I can strut around like the volleyball team because I fucked a FUTA!

Her cunt squeezed down hard when she screamed out the last word. Then she rocked forward, her pussy sliding down my girth. The silky friction sent heat billowing through me. I groaned, my own cunt clamping down on nothing. Juices spilled down my thighs, thoroughly soaking my blonde bush.

Then she slammed back down my girth, her butt-cheeks slapping into my crotch. She whimpered, her red hair danging about her tossing head. My narrow bed creaked as she fucked her cunt up and down my dick, working that amazing, juicy snatch on my dick.

I didn't even know her name!

Yes, yes, yes, work that cunt on my cock! I moaned. Fuck me! Fuck my futa-dick!

The only futa! she whimpered. Oh, yes, the world's only futa! And I'm fucking her!

The words tumbled out of the redhead's mouth as she pumped her hips away. She worked that cunt faster and faster on my dick. I didn't have to do anything but kneel behind her and enjoy that silky embrace. Her butt-cheeks smacked into my crotch, the impacts sending my tits jiggling. 

My breasts swayed back and forth as I caressed her body. I reveled in the feel of her silky skin beneath the palms of my hands. I reached higher and higher, until I found her round breasts bouncing beneath her. She moaned as I cupped them.

Then gasped when I found her nipples. I squeezed and pinched her small nubs, her pussy growing tighter every time. She moaned and whimpered, slamming her ass back harder against my crotch, engulfing my dick over and over in that hot, juicy snatch. She grew hotter and wetter with every moment.

My ovaries grew tighter. My orgasm swelled in the depths of my cunt. 

Damn, work that pussy! I groaned. Ooh, you want my cum pumping so hard into your depths.

Yes, I do, she moaned. That's why I'm here. I need to fill that jizz spurting into me. All week... I've just ached for it, Becky! Please, please, give me your cum!

Oh, fuck, yes! I groaned and my hips thrust into her cunt as she slammed back.

I couldn't hold back moving any longer. The ache swelling at the tip of my cock compelled me to fuck her cunt hard and fast. I had to work my dick in and out of her juicy snatch. I groaned, my hands clenching hard on her tits as we fucked each other.

Flesh slapped flesh, echoing through the room as we both moaned and gasped. She had such a throaty voice. Her hips wiggled and undulated. She stirred her pussy about my cock, squeezing and relaxing her cunt on it.

Becky! she howled. Cum in me! Becky, Becky! Cum in me! I need it! Becky!

Her begging, pleading words shot through me. I couldn't resist them. She had such heat in her voice. Such need. I groaned as I thrust into her depths. She took me to the hilt, her silky, juicy flesh clenching down hard on my cock.

Hot friction fired to my ovaries. They boiled over.

Cum erupted from my dick.

Becky! she howled at the first explosion of girl-jizz into her snatch.

I groaned, rapture shooting through me from my clit-dick. It slammed into my mind. My pussy convulsed, adding gentler waves of pleasure that rushed through my body. I whimpered, swaying as the pleasure consumed me. I reveled in it. I drank in the wondrous majesty of her cunt convulsing about my dick.

My hands pinched and pulled on her nipples as her twat milked my dick dry of my futa-cum. She writhed and spasmed about me as I bucked and swayed. My mind drowned in rapture while her pussy drowned in my futa-cum.

That's so good, Becky! she moaned. Oh, god, that's what I need.

Uh-huh! I groaned. I bet it is, I whimpered. My phone chirped behind me again as I swayed. I sucked in such deep breaths.

It chirped again.

Who was texting me?

Becky, Becky, she moaned. 

Mmm, you enjoy your drive back to Oregon.

She only groaned, falling onto the bed and shivering. Can't I get more?

I can send Kurt and Dona in here. His dick isn't as big as mine, but...

He's the man who created you! she gasped, her blue eyes widening. She shuddered on the bed, her face flushed. Oh, yes, send him in.

Another girl who thought Kurt's cum would make her into a futa. No one understood how I became a futa. Dr. Senior had contacted so many different experts in biology and medicine, even experts in DNA. The CDC was even baffled. 

She's all yours, Kurt, I grinned, snagging my phone and heading into the hallway. Dona, enjoy that creampie.

I always do, the brunette said.

Kurt grinned at me.

I was about to head to Dona's room next door and enjoy another coed when Harry appeared out of the elevator. My phone vibrated in my hand as he waved to me. I frowned and wandered over to him, my naked tits swaying.

After a month of orgies and fucking, being naked didn't even phase me. 

What? Is there someone wanting to interview me? I'd given my first interview to Rolling Stone last week. It was set to hit print next week.

Kurt's mom and step-sister are here, Harry said, his voice low. They both need to speak to you.

Mrs. Albertson and Janice were my very first women. I fucked Janice right after my cock sprouted then shared her with her step-brother. While recovering from that, Mrs. Albertson came home, and I fucked her then Janice joined the fun, writhing with her step-mother. Now they were lovers behind Janice's father, Mr. Albertson's, back.

My dick twinged. I do enjoy playing with them. Send them up to Dona's room.

Harry grinned.

And don't even think I'm letting you touch Kurt's family, I told him. I never told Kurt I'd screwed his mom. And he had a thing for his step-sister, though Janice seemed a little weirded out that she had sex with him.

Or maybe she just liked his mother more.

I retreated into Dona's room, right next door to mine and nearly identical to it save for the personal possessions decorating the room and the color of the comforter. Hers was a bright scarlet versus my light blue. I headed to the bed and flopped down on it, wet dick smacking into my belly and throbbing. I swiped my phone's screen to check my message.

Rhea had sent me five:

We need to talk, Becky.

Are you there?

Come on, Becky, we really need to talk.

This is important.

I'm coming over.

I frowned. What had her so eager to see me? After having sex with me once usually cut down on a woman's need to fuck me. They still wanted me, were still eager to have sex with me, but they wouldn't just rip off their clothes and have to fuck me right on the spot. They wouldn't burn to feel my cum pumping into their cunts' depths.

Sure, I texted, come over. I'll let Harry know to send you up. I then texted Harry so he'd know.

I just finished hitting send when a nervous rap knocked on my door.

I looked up to see the fiery-haired Mrs. Albertson standing there. Kurt's mother had the same bright color of hair as him and, usually, the same friendly smile. She wore a tight sweater that emphasized the large curve of her breasts. Peering over her shoulder was Janice, Kurt's older step-sister. She had her brown hair cut into a short bob that framed her girlish face, her hazel eyes wide. I couldn't see her breasts, but she had a bust almost as big as her step-mother's.

It is so wonderful to see you two, I beamed, grabbing my girl-dick and stroking it, reveling in the feel of the girl from Oregon's pussy juices. Mmm, I got a wet cock that needs licking.

That smile grew on Mrs. Albertson's lips.

Oh, yes, Mom, we have to, Janice whimpered

Then Mrs. Albertson shook her head. No, no, we have to talk, Becky. This is important.

Oh, we can talk later, I said, shaking my dick at them.

The MILF licked her lips. Her daughter let out a wanton moan, arms snaking around Mrs. Albertson's body, pulling her sweater even tighter about her tits. Come on, Mom, Janice moaned. Let's have some fun before we get to the heavy stuff.

I... Mrs. Albertson stumbled into the room, clearly being pushed in by the naughty nineteen-year-old girl hugging her from behind. We're both pregnant, Becky.

I blinked. What?

Before I could even ask another question, Janice and her mother were on me. They surrendered to their desire for me. They fell on the bed, Janice on my right, Mrs. Albertson on my left, and grasped my wet cock with their greedy hands. Mother and step-daughter lapped up my shaft, climbing higher and higher.

I groaned as their tongues brushed the tip. Pleasure shivered through me as their tongues danced about the crown of my dick, licking and lapping at it, teasing it, making me groan and gasp. The pleasure surged down my shaft to my ovaries. My pussy clenched.

No, no, we have to talk about this, I groaned. Pregnant? Both of them?

But their tongues felt so wonderful on my dicks. They both reached the sensitive crown. Their tongues danced around it, gathering up all the wonderful cream coating the spongy tip. Their tongues brushed each other, mother and daughter's lips coming together.

Oh, god, I groaned at the hot sight of them kissing around the tip of my dick. It sent such a hot shudder through my body to witness such a taboo sight.

Uh-huh, moaned Janice between kisses and licks. So hot.

Their hands both squeezed the base of my dick. They stroked up and down the shaft while their tongues bathed the tip. Pleasure shuddered through my body, my toes curling. Mrs. Albertson's fiery hair swept across my thighs, caressing me with their silky touch. Her lips nibbled on the crown of my futa-cock, joined swiftly by Janice's.

I shuddered, my mind grappling with pleasure and the idea that I had bred them. My babies grew in their wombs. A powerful surge of lust shot through me. I quivered and bucked on the bed as their lips met, kissing about my dick again, their tongues caressing my sensitive flesh.

Oh, my fucking god, I gasped, my pussy clenching hard. Juices flooded out of me, soaking into Dona's comforter. Oh, wow... Oh, you two... I... I...

I came.

My orgasm exploded hard and fast out of me. My cum spurted out of my dick and splattered both their faces. White, creamy spunk painted lines across mother and daughter. They both moaned, fisting my futa-cock, squeezing out the girl-spunk across their faces.

Each blast sent me heaving. My round breasts jiggled as my body bucked. Pleasure spasmed through my body, my pussy convulsing. My dick kept pulsing, firing futa-cum onto their faces. My mind drank in the sensations. Rapture became my world, smothering any other concern but frolicking with the mother and the daughter.

Sharing in their taboo affair.

Janice! Mrs. Albertson! Yes!

Mmm, I love your cum, sweetie, Mrs. Albertson moaned. Oh, it taste so good.

Let's share it with her, Mom, Janice said, her hazel eyes flashing up to mine.

Yes! the MILF moaned.

I groaned as mother and daughter swarmed up my naked body, their clothing rubbing on my bare flesh. I shuddered, my heart pounding so fast as their cum-stained faces descended to mine. The three of us nuzzled together, my jizz smearing onto my cheeks and lips, my tongue flashing out to gather my own futa-spunk off their faces.

All three of us moaned as our tongues flicked out, bathing each other's features. We were all hungry for the salty delight of my spunk. We all reveled in it, loving the taste of girl-jizz. That salty, creamy, delicious flavor. My futa-dick throbbed so hard, my pussy flooding juices that soaked my blonde bush.

Let's get naked, Mom! Janice moaned, breaking away from us to rip off her t-shirt, exposing her large breasts constrained in a cute, black bra with pink flowers printed on the cups.

Yes! Mrs. Albertson groaned. The married MILF reached behind her step-daughter, unhooking Janice's bra. Then the mother buried her face into her daughter's heaving mounds, loving them, kissing them.

I shuddered, letting the MILF play with Janice's big tits while I attacked the girl's jeans. I unzipped them, hauling them and her panties off her hips and down her legs. The three of us shifted on the bed, moaning, groaning. 

Then Janice and I attacked her mother. Clothes flew. In moments, the MILF lay naked and shuddering on the bed, her daughter's face buried between those bountiful tits. Janice knelt between her mother's thighs, her rump wiggling at me.

I stared at her shaved, pregnant pussy. For a moment, my lust diminished as I stared in awe at the sight of her. I bred this pussy. My futa-dick throbbed at that idea. With a moan, I lunged forward and slammed my girl-cock into depths.

Yes! Janice moaned, her voice muffled by her step-mother's tits. Oh, yes, she's fucking me, Mom.

Ooh, fuck my daughter's pussy so hard! groaned Mrs. Albertson. Just pound her with that huge cock of yours. We both love it!

Love it! whimpered Janice, her pussy clenching down on my dick.

I bet you do, I groaned, my hips pumping away so hard and fast. My tits heaved and bounced before me, slapping together as I enjoyed the daughter's cunt.

Janice squeezed her mother's tits together and sucked back and forth on her nipples. I groaned, watching her do it while pounding her cunt so hard from behind. I rammed my futa-dick over and over into her pregnant snatch, her hot flesh clenching down on my plunging cock.

Pleasure radiated through me. I moaned, accompanied by Janice's wet suckles at her mother's big tits. I shuddered, my body heaving as I reveled in the heat of her tight cunt about my clit-dick. My own pussy drank in the silky friction, growing hotter and hotter, heating up my ovaries.

They brimmed with more futa-cum to pump into her depths.

I'm going to flood your cunt with so much jizz, I whimpered, my hips hammering away so hard at her cunt.

Oh, do that, moaned Mrs. Albertson. Please, please, you have to fill my daughter's cunt up with so much of your jizz. She needs to be leaking with it. Just pouring out of her.

Uh-huh, the girl whimpered, her cunt clenching down so hard about my dick. Just spurt it into me.

I licked my lips, my heart pounding away in my chest. That sounded so hot. So wonderful. I wanted to do that. I wanted to pump her full of so much jizz. I wanted to fill her bred pussy to the hilt with my girl-spunk.

Mrs. Albertson moaned, her face twisting with bliss. She squirmed as her daughter sucked on her nipples, her face flushing as red as her own hair. She bit her lip, staring up at me as I pounded her daughter's snatch.

Ooh, this is so hot. Oh, my, yes, my pussy is boiling, she moaned.

Then have your daughter lick it, I panted, thrusting even harder into Janice's pussy.

Her cunt clenched down hard about my cock. Yes! Let me eat your pussy, Mom!

Mrs. Albertson shuddered. She let out a wicked-sounding moan as she scooted back on the bed. Janice kissed at her mother's moving flesh, each smooch landing lower and lower on the MILF's torso until she nuzzled into her mother's fiery bush. The married woman shuddered as her step-daughter feasted on her pregnant cunt.

I bred both these women.

I thrust with all my might into Janice's juicy cunt. I slammed into her, pressing her face into her mother's pussy. She moaned as she ate the MILF's cunt. I reveled in the taboo pleasure mother and daughter shared, so thrilled to be a part of this decadent moment.

Oh, yes, yes, moaned the MILF, grinding her cunt on her hungry daughter's lips. That's so good. Eat your Mommy's cunt. Ooh, yes, it made me so hot listening to Janice fuck your pussy.

Made you wet, too, Janice moaned, her hips rotating, stirring her cunt around my plunging cock.

Yes, so wet!

I bet! I moaned, slamming so hard into Janice's cunt, my orgasms swelling swiftly in me. My ovaries grew so tight, just wanting to spill my cum out into her pussy.

My flesh slapped into hers, echoing through the room. Her rump jiggled with each smacking impact. Her pussy clenched on my withdrawing cock, increasing the silky friction. Dizzy delight washed out of my own snatch while juices trickled down my cock.

Mrs. Albertson moaned and whimpered, grinding her pussy on her daughter's licking mouth. The MILF grabbed her tits, her own pleasure spilling across her face. I drank in the sight of it as she reveled in the forbidden delight of her daughter's licking mouth.

This is so hot!I gasped, ramming into the depths of Janice's bred cunt. 

Cum in my daughter! moaned Mrs. Albertson. Cum in her so I can lick her clean!

I groaned. My cunt clenched. My dick throbbed in Janice's pregnant pussy.

 I buried to the hilt in the nineteen-year-old girl's hot pussy. My futa-cock unleashed a flood of spurting cum. It raced out of me. My tits heaved as I moaned out in rapture. Stars danced across my vision as I pumped load after load of spunk into her pussy.

She's cumming in me, Mom! Janice howled as her snatch spasmed about my dick.

I shuddered, writhing in rapture as pregnant pussy writhed and convulsed around my cock. Her cunt milked me. I bucked, my snatch flooding rapture through my body, meeting the ecstasy pulsing out of my dick.

Yes, yes, yes, the MILF howled. That's my daughter's pussy! You're cumming in my daughter's pussy!

I am! I whimpered as my orgasm peaked.

The MILF joined us in orgasmic delight. Her tits heaved as she smeared her pussy across her daughter's licking mouth. I groaned, panting, savoring the buzzing euphoria pulsing through my body. Janice noisily licked and lapped up her mother's juices, drinking out the flood of naughty cream.

Ooh, yes, yes, yes, the MILF moaned. Lick me clean. Then it's my turn!

Mmm, yes, I purred, my girl-dick still hard in her step-daughter's depths. I smacked Janice's ass. Now go sit on your mother's face.

Fuck, yeah, moaned Janice, her pussy clenching about my throbbing cock.

Then she slid off my dick. I shuddered at the sight of her pussy gaping open, my white futa-cum dribbling out of her depths and staining her flesh. She crawled over her step-mother, the MILF's greedy hands grabbing Janice's ass and pulling that sloppy snatch to hungry lips.

My dick twitched hard as Janice settled her pussy on her mother's lips. The girl's supple back arched, her butt-cheeks clenched, and she let out a long, low moan. I knew her mother's tongue licked through her pregnant depths, gathering up the spunk I fired into her.

I shivered, my heart hammering in my chest. Such a dizzy wave of heat billowed through me. I advanced, crawling forward across the bed, my futa-dick swaying beneath me, so hard and aching to fuck her, to slide into the MILF's pregnant depths.

I guided my cock to Mrs. Albertson's married pussythe pussy I had impregnatedand buried into her silky embrace. She moaned into her daughter's snatch, her hot flesh clenching down on my invading dick. Pleasure washed through me. Such a delicious sensation.

Oh, yes, Mom, lick me clean, Janice gasped while I pumped away at her mother's snatch. I stared at the girl's rump as she ground on her mother's mouth. Ooh, yes, yes, get out every drop of Becky's yummy spunk.

So yummy, the MILF moaned, her thighs wrapping about my waist.

She squeezed tight. It felt so incredible. I sucked in a deep breath, my heart thudding away as I thrust my hips. I fucked her so hard. I pounded her, reveling in the wondrous delight of her depths. She felt so good wrapped about me. She clenched and relaxed, teasing me, stimulating me.

I ground my teeth together, thrusting so hard, ramming my futa-dick into the depths of her snatch. My tits heaved and quivered as I enjoyed her hot flesh. My hips pumped fast and hard, burying over and over into her juicy passion.

Oh, yes, yes, this is so hot, I groaned. I bred this pussy!

You did! the MILF gasped into her daughter's pussy. And the yummy one I'm eating.

Ooh, yeah, she did! Mmm, lick my pregnant pussy clean, Mom!

The taboo, forbidden lust burning through the air sent my hips pumping faster and faster. I rammed my futa-dick over and over into the silky heaven of the MILF's cunt. I stared at her daughter's ass flexing and clenching while the pleasure rippled through my body.

I loved this so much. I savored it. Drank in the pleasure. I leaned over Mrs. Albertson's body, letting my round tits press into her jiggling, pillowy breasts. I nuzzled my face between Janice's butt-cheeks, licking through her butt-crack.

Found her sphincter.

You naughty futa-slut! Janice moaned as my tongue danced around her sour asshole. Ooh, yes, yes, lick my ass and fuck my mom's cunt!

Mmm, yum, the MILF moaned, her pussy clenching down on my thrusting cock.

I whimpered, reveling in this moment. My tongue swirled around Janice's asshole. My nipples kissed her mother's fat nubs. And my clit-dick... My clit-dick buried over and over into the MILF's pregnant pussy. Silky flesh engulfed my cock. Pleasure flowed down my cock, poured into my pussy, and spilled through the rest of my quivering flesh.

The bed creaked louder and louder as I feasted on sour ass. I wiggled my tongue into Janice's rectum, penetrating her bowels the same way I penetrated her mother's cunt with my futa-cock. I shuddered, my pussy clenching, my orgasm building and building around my ovaries.

Oh, my god, this is so hot, whimpered Janice. You're both licking my holes. Holy shit, I'm going to cum so hard.

Good, purred the MILF. Don't hold back.

No, I groaned, ramming into the MILF's juicy depths so hard, my dick reveling in the silky friction. Cum on your mother's hungry mouth. Give her your cream. She loves it.

I do!

Mrs. Albertson bucked hard beneath me. Her pussy suddenly spasmed around my cock. My eyes widened at the massaging delight. The MILF came already, her married flesh sucking at my futa-dick, so hungry for more of my cum to spill into her pregnant depths.

Oh, my god, are you already cumming, Mom? moaned Janice, squirming on her mother's face.

Uh-huh! the MILF groaned, her flesh convulsing wildly about my girl-dick.

She feels amazing! I howled into Janice's asshole. Your mom has an amazing pussy.

She does! Janice gasped. Yes, yes!

Her butt-cheeks tightened on my face. Her supple back arched over me. I plunged my tongue past her asshole and felt her bowels writhing. She came, too. I groaned, my futa-dick aching and throbbing in Mrs. Albertson's depths.

I thrust forward and joined them.

I moaned into Janice's asshole as I flooded her mother's bowels with blast after blast of my cum. The pleasure surged through me. I groaned, the pleasure spilling over me. It splashed through my thoughts. It left me shuddering and groaning in rapture. So much bliss drowned me.

I loved it.

I reveled in it.

My cum spurted over and over into the MILF's convulsing flesh. Her pussy writhed about my dick, sucking out all the cum spunk from my ovaries. I shuddered, the bliss spilling through my mind, inundating my thoughts with so much rapture.

Oh, Mom, yes! Janice moaned. Oh, I love sharing the futa with you.

I know, Mrs. Albertson groaned. It's so wonderful.

Yes, I panted, as I spurted into Mrs. Albertson's cunt one last time.

Pleasure shuddered through me. I rolled off of the MILF, staring up at the ceiling, my entire body trembling. Janice climbed off her mother's face, snuggling up to my right side. I shivered, recovering from my orgasm surrounded by the married MILF and her step-daughter's squirming flesh, Mrs. Albertson's big tits pressed into my life side, Janice's equally large breasts on my right, their lips nuzzling into my cheeks. 

I stared at the ceiling, now finally able to process what they had said. Pregnant. It fully sunk into me. What that truly meant. It wasn't just these words that spurred me to fuck them faster. I really knocked them up. I truly bred their cunts.

The room spun around me.

I thought you were both on the pill? I asked, clutching to them to anchor the vertigo that swept through me. I mean, are you sure?

Pretty sure, Janice said. Pregnancy tests are nearly 100% accurate, and we've both taken a few the last couple days. Different brands.

Same results, the MILF said, letting out a sigh. 

B-but I thought you were both on birth control! 

I'm on the new pill, Janice said. I thought it worked 100% of the time. More reliable than the old pill. And I took it once a month just like I was supposed to.

And I have the Norplant. Mrs. Albertson held up her left arm over us, pointing to the tiny bump near her elbow. See. It's supposed to last three years and it's only been two. Plus... She bit her lip. Plus Ian had a vasectomy over the summer. I'll have to tell him it's not his.

My stomach sank. I'm sorry.

No, no, don't be. I enjoy what we do. I don't feel guilty at all. She reached across to Janice. Or what we share, honey.

Thanks, Mom, purred Janice.

My mind reeled. How could this be happening? I thought it was safe to fuck them? I couldn't be a mother. I was only eighteen. And we were all women. Mostly. I mean, yes, I had a cock, and yes, Dr. Senior did say that I had fully motile sperm but...

I knocked up two women who were on birth control. What did that mean for all the other women whom I'd been fucking over the last month-and-a-half? I never wore a condom. They were all on at least the new pill if not something else.

This had to be a fluke. Maybe... Maybe you forgot to take your pill on time, Janice?

I had that problem with the old pill, so bad about taking it every day at the same time, but this new one's got a bit more... wiggle room in it.

And your implant might be defective?

Maybe, Mrs. Albertson said. But that doesn't change the fact that you're going to be a futa-mother.

I blinked, trying to process that news.

Becky! a new voice cried out. We need to talk!

I sat up in bed seeing Nurse Rhea and her lesbian wife, Anastasia, standing in the doorway of Dona's dorm room. The two lesbians held each other, their faces almost glowing. They walked into the room, beaming at me.

Oh, no, I groaned in realization. You're pregnant. Both of you. B-but, I thought you took the pill to regulate your PMS.

We do, Rhea purred, the nurse beaming. But now we're going to have babies. Your babies!

It's a miracle, Anastasia said. As close as we can get to having each other's child.

My phone rang on the nightstand. Janice grabbed it, a huge grin on her face. Professor Rider's calling. Didn't you fuck her on your first day back to class?

I nodded my head, taking the phone from my lover. I swiped the screen, brought it to my ear, and said with a dull voice, Are you pregnant, too, Professor?

I am, the woman said with that sultry purr. And I'm pretty sure it's yours. Somehow.

Oh, fuck, I muttered, collapsing on the bed. Five women. Five! How many more? How many more had I bred?

Wait, did I just breed the redhead from Oregon?

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

April 17th, 2047

By the end of the day, I said, staring out at the studio audience, I'd learned that I had bred Mrs. Albertson, Janice, Nurse Rhea and her wife, Nurse Carmelita, Professor Rider, and six other girls from my college. And when the word hit the campus, you couldn't buy a pregnancy test in the U District in Seattle. Every girl I'd fucked wanted to find out if I bred them.

It sounds like you weren't that thrilled to be a mother, Adelia said, a tightness in her voice.

I was just stunned. I thought I'd ruined all their lives. Some of them had boyfriends, and Mrs. Albertson was married. I knew her husband so well. I didn't want to mess things up with them. Plus I was certain Kurt would hate me for knocking up his mom. I was even afraid that word of this would dry up all the pussy I was getting.

I thought, 'What girl would want to fuck me if they knew I would breed them?' I asked. Boy, was I wrong about that.

Adelia grinned.

To be continued...