Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa Harem vs the Demon Lord Chapter Thirty-Four: Futa Heroine! Saving the Naughty Redhead
Summary: Virgina has to clenase Ella's body of evil then save the redhead's harem.
Keywords: hh Hhh oral bond fantasy magic gamelit

Copywrite 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Virginia Homewood

“She's sucking hard on my cock,” I gasped in answer to Ella's question.

Myra's golden face stared up at me as she drank the cum erupting from my dick. She gulped down all my silvery spunk. I shuddered, cutting off the orgasm. I had freed her from Itoyja's burning agony, or so it seemed.

I guessed that was a good thing. I never thought my classmate would turn out to be a vampire. She kept sucking on my cock for one more moment then pulled away. My jizz ran down her features and splashed down on her round breasts.

“What is going on?” Ella gasped. “Mayra, you're... You...”

“I'm free!” Mayra gasped. She bounded to her feet and gasped in delight. “My futa-cock is growing back to normal. I don't need permission to have it. Oh, that's wonderful.” The futa-vampiress licked her lips. She spun around in delight, her boobs bouncing. Little bat wings I hadn't noticed thrust out of her hair and fluttered. 

“Mayra!” snapped Ella. “Answer me. I'm your goddess.”

“Oh, no, you're not,” Mayra said. “See, I was told to come to you and lie to you and convince you that you were the great futa-heroine. Me and Vixen tag-teamed you to make you believe us. Real sorry for lying to you. I had no choice.”

“What?” gasped Ella. She grabbed the starmetal blade. “But I have this!”

“You do.” Mayra nodded. “That's why we couldn't corrupt you like all the others and sent you out on that quest to get her. We had to keep you out of our hair while we turned your followers to evil. We twisted them, frightened them, blinded them. It was horrible what we did to them. But we just had to stop Virginia there, but her forces... Wow, they are something else. Just keep kicking our asses.”

“But... but...” Ella swayed., “I'm supposed to... save the world, right.”

“Sorry,” Mayra said. “That's Virginia. You were supposed to kill her. Right here. The last line of defense. We figured if you got her here, she would not stand a chance. Her power, it's more... emotional. She has to want things. Will them. She can shape things, but only if she's desperate enough. We were hoping she hadn't figured it out, but...” The vampiress shrugged. “Here I am. The one thing that could convince you of what the truth is.”

Ella swayed. She looked shattered by it. The busty redhead lifted her gaze to me. Her hand trembled. “I... I... I almost killed the real savior.”

She fell to her knees, hopelessness crossed her face.

Such pain swept through me. I couldn't bear to see her like that. I had to help her. I darted to her, my stomach twisting with nervous energy. How could I make her feel better? I fell to my knees before her. She dropped her sword and stared at me.

“I almost destroyed the world instead of saving it.”

“Yep,” I told her and cupped her face. “But you didn't.”

“Because you stopped me.”

“I did. And you know what, that's okay. It wasn't your fault that you're in this mess. You had that cunt Vixen messing with your mind. And Mayra lying to you. She worshiped you. That's enough to go to anyone's head.”

“But...” She trembled. “Oh, god, I almost doomed us all.”


“But you didn't.” I smoothed back her cheeks. “And you have a chance to be a real futa-heroine. To join me and help me destroy the real evil. The Demon Lord who wants to destroy this world.”

“Yep. That's where Saffron is,” added Mayra.

“What are they doing to her?” I asked, my heart beating faster.

“She's the hostage to make sure that you don't come after the Demon Lord just in case Ella here failed,” Mayra said. “They aren't going to hurt her. They want her squirming and wiggling if it comes to that. I guess it will now.”

My heart tightened. I turned to Ella. “Your sword can cut holes to places. You can get me into the Demon Lord's palace. You can help me save my sister.”

“You don't need me,” she muttered. “Use the sword. You can have it.”

I shook my head. “You earned Ekana. She's all yours. This is your chance to make some good. To save the day. To be a real futa-heroine. Team up with my harem. Help us take down the Demon Lord, and save your followers from bloodlust, madness, and whatever cruelty she's been doing to them.”

“Bloodletting, mutilation, some other nasty stuff,” said Mayra. She really didn't sound that sorry about it, either.

“We can save them all. Save the day. Return to our world.” I stared into Ella's green eyes, searching for that passion. “You were ready to kill me to protect them all. Don't tell me that fire's gone. That you're not burning to save the day.”

Ella nodded. “I was tricked.”

“Yeah, Vixen fucked with her mind,” said Mayra.

“Don't worry about that,” I said. “I know how to take care of that.”

“How?”

“Like this.” I kissed Ella. I had wanted to do this since I saw her fucking Akane between the buildings that day this all started. 

That lifetime ago last week when I was just a normal girl who didn't even know what a futa was. 
My tongue thrust into Ella's mouth. She groaned, her hands grabbing my cheeks. She cupped them while my hands groped those big breasts of hers.

Ella was the hot lesbian at our all-girls' school. Now I get to play with her. I get to squeeze her tits, to enjoy the feel of them in my hands. This rush shot through me as I squeezed them. I loved every moment of it.

My tongue danced with hers for a moment longer. I broke the kiss and ducked my head down to suckle one of her fat, pink nipples into my mouth. She gasped as I engulfed her nub and nursed with hunger.

“What are you doing, Virginia?” she gasped as I nibbled on her nipple.

My mouth slipped off her wonderful nub. “I have magic cum. If I fire it inside your pussy, well, you're going to be free.”

“You have to fuck me with your cock?” she gasped.

“Yep.” I winked at her. “You're going to love it. Trust me. Even lesbians love my futa-dick.” 

I sucked her nipple back into my mouth. I loved the feel of that nub between my lips. My fingers squeezed and kneaded her tits. They felt so wonderful in my hands. So soft and squishy. I dug my digits into them.

Ella's hands grabbed my round breasts, her palms massaging my nipples. My futa-cock throbbed as the tingles shot down to my pussy then raced up to the tip of my dick. This wonderful heat rippled through my body. This was just a fantastic delight.

I moaned around her nipple as she massaged my boobs. The heels of her hands ground on my nubs, pushing them down into my areola while stimulating them all at the same time. I groaned in pure delight around the wonderful nipple in my mouth.

“Virginia,” groaned Ella. “I won't deny you were on a list of girls I wanted to seduce by the end of the year. Never thought it would end up like this.”

I winked at her. I popped my mouth off her nipple and attacked her other one.

“Oh, god, yes,” Ella moaned, her fingers digging into my firm tit.

I nibbled on her nub with my lips then nipped her with my teeth. She gasped. My right hand slid down her body while I played with her left nipple. I batted it with my tongue between suckles, loving the way she groaned as I did that.

I loved that I got to play with her like this. It was such fun. My hand reached the triangle of red pubic hair she had pointed down at her pussy. It led me to her wonderful snatch and her hard clit. I stroked her bud.

It quivered beneath my fingers.

I knew she had a clit-dick she could summon. It seemed something the Demon Lord did, suppress futa-cocks. I had to change that. No futa should let some terrible Demon Lord control when they got to be hard and fuck hotties like me.

I ripped my mouth off her nipple and shot my head down for her pussy. I nuzzled into her wet lips as she leaned back. She groaned as I stroked my tongue up her slit. I brushed her clit. Her little bud felt so ripe. So ready to sprout.

“I'm wet enough for your cock,” moaned Ella as I sealed my lips around her clit. “We don't have to do this.”

I nursed on her. She gasped as I did that.

“I thought we had to save your sister,” groaned Ella. “Don't we need to get going, Virginia?”

“We will,” I said. “But I also have to save you. That's what the angels told me to do. Save the one in the shadows. You were lied to, tricked, and kept in the dark. Well, I have to make sure I save you right. So... Let that clit-dick sprout. I'm blowing you then fucking you.”

“Oh, god,” she groaned. “Fine, fine, play with my futa-dick.”

Her bud blossomed as I nursed on her. I groaned as she sprouted into my mouth. My lips slid around the growing base. It was so hot feeling her pulse and expand with her heartbeat. She grew thicker and longer, reaching towards the back of my throat.

I enjoyed her cock growing bigger in my mouth. My tongue danced around her. I caressed her with my hungry tongue. I stroked her, fluttering around her with hunger. She gasped and shuddered, her big boobs jiggling as I blew her.

My head lifted to keep from choking on her girl-cock. I didn't want that, so I kept moving until she reached her full girth. She throbbed in my mouth. It was such a delight to have her do that. I loved the way she pulsed. It was so wonderful. 

“Oh, wow,” gasped Ella as I bobbed my head. “You really are into sucking girl-dicks.”

I winked at her.

The redhead shuddered, her boobs quivering in such a delectable manner. “God, that's good. That's really good.”

My tongue danced around her girl-cock. I caressed her spongy crown and savored the salty flavor of her cum. I bobbed my head, working my mouth up and down her futa-dick. She gasped and shuddered as I did that. Her passion echoed through empty space.

As I blew her, my fingers slid up her pussy. My clit-dick throbbed. I wanted to be in her shaved folds, but not yet. I had to wait for the proper moment to strike. I had to ram into her and fuck her hard. Just bury my clit-dick into her pussy.

My fingers reached her cunt. I thrust them into her twat. Her snatch clenched down on them.

“And you're fingering my cunt,” gasped Ella. “Ooh, you really want to make me feel good.”

Of course, I did. I loved making my women feel good.

Was Ella one of my women? Maybe. Why not. She could join my harem, too.

I suckled hard on her. I slid my mouth down her futa-dick then worked back up. She gasped, her head throwing back. She moaned, her cunt clamping down hard on my fingers. I pumped them in and out of her.

I wanted to make her explode. That would be just such a thrill. I pumped away at her. I fucked her with such bold plunges. I buried to the hilt in her again and again. She quivered, her twat gripping my fingers in such naughty ways.

“Oh, that's good,” she whimpered as I thrust a third finger into her cunt. “Virginia!”

Her cock twitched in my mouth as my three fingers worked in and out of her. I suckled hard on her futa dick. I nursed on her with passion, my cheeks hollowing. She groaned and whimpered. Her passion was such a delight to hear. I knew I would make her explode.

It wouldn't be long before I was gulping down all the futa-cum that I could want. I would suckle down every last drop. It was wonderful to nurse on her. To suckle down her passion. I bobbed my head, loving every moment of this. 

Every last second of nursing on her. Worshiping her. 

My fingers reached so deep into her while her precum spilled salty into my mouth. Her hands grabbed her big and soft boobs. She squeezed them. Her fingers dug into them as they furrowed up to her nipples. She grabbed them.

Twisted.

“Oh, fuck, yes!” she gasped. “Virginia!”

Her pussy convulsed around my digits as her clit-dick erupted into my mouth. Spurt after wondrous spurt of her salty jizz flooded me. It was heaven to gulp down her passion. To swallow every last drop of it. I loved this moment.

My pussy clenched as I guzzled her futa-spunk. My fingers thrust in and out of her pussy. Her cunt writhed around me. She spasmed with such fervor. I closed my eyes as she moaned out her bliss. I made her feel incredible.

“Oh, Virginia,” she gasped, a final spurt of her yummy cum firing into my mouth. “Oh, that was incredible.”

“It looked incredible,” Mayra said. “Mmm, I am hungry. Can I nibble on you and drink a little blood?”

I ripped my mouth off Ella's dick and shouted, “No!”

“God, no!” Ella snarled. “You hurt my priestesses. I'm going to get back at you.”

“I was just following orders,” muttered the futa-vampiress.

“Yeah, you don't sound that broken up,” Ella muttered. “We're trying to cleanse me of your evil. Thank you very much. Make sure I'm all good to go.”

“That's right,” I purred and crawled up her body. I ripped her fingers out of her pussy. They dripped with her spicy pussy cream. I licked up the juices and shuddered.

Ella grabbed my cock. She pulled me towards her pussy. The eagerness was delicious. I loved that. It was such a thrill for her to press my clit-dick into her shaved cunt. She rubbed me up and down, my boobs quivering over her.

“You want me to ram into you, huh?” I purred. “Just jam my dick into your pussy and fuck you hard?”

“God, yes,” she purred. “I do. I want your cock to fuck me. It's not evil. That's just the lies they told me. That being a futa was something we had to fight to get rid of. That it would bind the others to me; a necessary evil.”

“You never let any of them fuck you, did you?” I purred, staring into her eyes.

She shook her head. “I fucked all of them, of course. It was... delicious. I tried to pretend I didn't like it, but...”

“But having a dick is pretty awesome.”

She smiled at me and nodded. 

I leaned over her, my round tits heaving. She pushed me right into her folds, her pussy lips hugging the tip of my cock. I loved that delight. It was so wonderful to have her ready to devour me. To just swallow me up. I would enjoy it. 

I thrust into her pussy.

She gasped, her hands shooting up and grabbing my round tits as her pussy engulfed me. Her green eyes widened with such delight as my clit-dick sank into her flesh. She squeezed about me. She held me tight. I loved that feeling of her pussy gripping me.

I leaned down to her, my futa-cock throbbing in her pussy. She smiled at me, her hands kneading my tits. I leaned down and kissed her with my lips salty with her girl-cum. She moaned into it, kissing me back, her pussy clenching down on me.

Her hands slid off my tits and around my body. She held me to her. I savored her girl-cock throbbing between our bellies. My nipples kissed hers. I savored this delight as I drew back. Ella Savidge felt amazing about my futa-cock.

I rammed back into her. I fucked into her hard and deep. I plunged to the hilt in her snatch. She shuddered, her twat squeezing about me. She held me tight, whimpering and groaning with the delight of my thrusts. 

It was magnificent to finally fuck her.

To know that she wasn't my enemy.

That I didn't have to kill her. I saved her. And now I loved her with my futa-dick.

I pumped way at the silkiness of her pussy. I reveled in the juiciness of her cunt. I enjoyed her twat squeezing around me. It was quite a delight to have her gripping me as I pumped away at her. I fucked into her with such force, her snatch massaging me.

My pussy drank in the heat melting up my cock. She moaned, her tongue dancing with mine as I plunged in and out of her. I fucked her with such passion. I buried into her again and again. It was a wild delight to bury into her.

“Oh, wow, you like that?” I asked, breaking our kiss. Our boobs rubbed together as her fingernails scratched down my back.

“Yes!” she moaned. “Oh, I love it. That's so amazing. Ooh, you are pounding me hard.”

I winked at her, thrusting away with all my might. “I'm glad you like it. Just enjoy. Savor that pleasure. You're going to love every moment of it.”

She beamed at me. “Every last second of it.”

I grinned and fucked her hard. I pounded her with such force. My dick plowed into her again and again. Her cunt felt amazing wrapped about my clit-dick. The ache swelled at the tip. I would have such a big burst of pleasure. Just flood her twat with blast after blast of cum. 

She gripped me with all her passion, swelling the ache at the tip of my cock. The heat melted through my cunt with my every plunge into her pussy. I shuddered, the heat swelling and swelling in me. I would have such a big burst of pleasure. Just explode with my cum and flood her twat.

“Yes, yes, yes,” she gasped, her clit-dick throbbing between us. “I'm going to explode on this dick. Oh, my god, being fucked by a futa is outstanding!”

I grinned at her. “I'm glad you're enjoying my girl-cock.”

“I am!” she moaned. “Oh, my god, I am. Just a little more. A few more strokes.”

I winked at her and buried deep and hard into her cunt. I fucked into her with passion. My futa-dick buried to the hilt in her. She gasped, her clit-cock throbbing between us. Jizz spurted from her shaft and splashed her boobs as her cunt writhed around my dick.

“Oh, my fucking god!” she squealed, bucking beneath me. “I'm cumming. Oh, Virginia, I'm cumming on your futa-cock!”

The wondrous massage of her spasming cunt shot through me. I shuddered, savoring that amazing delight rippling over me. I shuddered as the pressure hit that explosive burst at the tip of my futa-dick. I gasped and erupted.

Cum firing from my dick, I squealed out, “Ella!”

Her eyes widened as my unicorn-blessed cum pumped into her snatch. My pure jizz pumping into her pussy, driving back any lingering evil. Stars burst across my vision as her pussy milked me. I reveled in the wondrous thrill of cumming in her as I spilled all my cum into her twat.

“Oh, Virginia,” she moaned, her pussy caressing my dick. “Oh, yes, yes, that's amazing. I can feel it washing away all that evil.”

“Good,” I groaned, her pussy rippling around my cock. “Oh, fuck, that's wonderful, Ella!”

The pleasure slammed into my mind and washed over my thoughts. My cunt writhed as my futa-cock unloaded into her. My boobs jiggling from the delight as I pumped all that spunk into her. I savored every moment of it.

She trembled, shuddering beneath me. She suckled at me with that delicious snatch. I savored it. A big smile spread on my lips as I pumped her full of my cum. I breathed heavily as I spilled the last few spurts of my cum into her.

I bent down and kissed her, pressing my boobs into her cum-covered tits. She hugged me to her, her hands stroking me. The pleasure swelled through me. I savored this delight, my cock throbbing in her cunt. 

She felt so delicious about me. She rippled and writhed. I groaned into her lips, savoring kissing her with passion. My dick throbbed in her. My boobs rubbed into her tits as we made out. Her clit-dick throbbed between us.

She broke the kiss. “Let's go save your twin sister.”

“First, we have to save your followers.” I shook my head. “Something terrible has happened to them all, but we can fix them. We can love them, Ella.”

She stared up at me and nodded.

“And, uh, what about me?” asked Mayra as I slid out of Ella's cunt. I stood up, staring at the golden-skinned vampiress. She smiled at us, her fangs peeking out. She still had all that dried blood smeared on her. “I'll be good. I promise.”

“I don't think you will be,” Ella said standing beside me. She put her arm around my waist. “I think you enjoyed what you did to my followers. What you did to me.”

“No,” Mayra said, shaking her head. “I didn't. I mean... I had to. Yeah, I had to.”

“Maybe,” said Ella. “But that doesn't change the fact you're a monster. Bye!”

“No!” Mayra shouted, lunging for us. Ella swept the blade around us. “I can be good. You can collar me like you did—”

The floor fell out from beneath us. We plunged out into a real night with stars twinkling overhead. Not the playful stars of Heaven, but the normal ones of this world. We landed amid my harem. Everyone gasped.

“Virginia!” cried Willow.

My futa-dryad threw herself at me. She hugged me so tight. Her big boobs pressed into me. Her lips met mine. I kissed Willow back, our cocks brushing together. I held her, rocked her. The others of my harem gasped and squealed and shouted in delight.

“Ella!” Akane gasped. “Oh, Ella, they used us. They tricked us. They turned my volleyball team into a bunch of sadists. They... they...”

“Shhh,” Ella said. “I know. Mayra wasn't who she said she was. She was working with the three goddesses. They... They aren't good.”

Lada snorted. “No shit.”

I broke the kiss with Willow and smiled at Kali. She still had her angel wings. Brígida looked so relieved. Aria ambled up, everyone melting out of her way. My pregnant futa-wife beamed at me, tear tracks on her cheeks.

“You were beyond the reach of the Seven Harmonious Goddesses,” she sobbed. 

I scooped her up into my arms, holding her. The round swell of her pregnant belly pressed into me. I closed my eyes, so glad our child was safe. My hand slid down and squeezed her rump. I kneaded her ass as I held her.

“It's okay,” I said. “Everything's going to be okay. I'm here. I'll make sure nothing else bad happens.”

“But it's already happened,” said Chipmunk. The dark futa-elf assassin trembled. “She's gone. Mistress Saffron is gone. We don't know where she is.”

“The Demon Lord has her,” I said. “And we're going to save her, but first, we have a great deal of work to do. We have some hurt and confused and victimized futas to save. So... I have a plan.”

My harem gathered around me. They were all staring with such hope in their eyes and smiles on their lips. They trusted me to do the right thing. That made me smile. This was our chance to set things right. To help save those who had been victimized by that cunt of a Demon Lord. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lada Volkov

“We have to get back there and kill those bitches!” Fatou shouted. She shook her bloodiron sword. “They have our captain. We have to murder them all.”

“They kicked our asses, Fatou!” hissed Bryanna. She aimed her weapon at Fatou. “Why are we even listening to you.”

“I'm the assistant captain! No Akane! That means I'm in charge! You object one more time, I'll have Lyda cut off your head.”

“Will I?” Lyda asked.

“Defying me, too?” spat Fatou, the Arab girl sounding wild.

“I think we have to act,” said Akane as she stood beside me.

“Yeah, you're right.” I glanced at Brígida. “Do your magic shit.”

Fatou rushed at Lyda, sword raised to cut her teammate in half. The others drew weapons, looking about to tear each other apart like a pack of dogs. The bloodiron had fucked them up. Not as bad as Akane, but they were still crazed.

“Jaag Ahkohd!” screamed all the futa-mages and Addy the futa-witch.

All of the volleyball players were seized by the spell. They were held immobile. I grinned, my dick throbbing so hard. I rose from hiding and charged out into the opening, Akane and my futa-cheerleaders rushing with me. 

“Save them,” Virginia cried. She was with Ella who had brought us here with her kickass starmetal sword. 

“Yes, please, save my girls,” Ella cried.

My boobs jiggled and futa-dick bounced before me as I hurtled down towards the girls. I rushed for Guiying. The Chinese girl was the nearest to me. I reached her and spun her around. She couldn't move. Couldn't do anything.

“Let's get this ugly shit off you,” I said, stripping off her armor. I unbuckled plates, threw pieces to the ground. I worked fast. I had to get them naked. I had to make sure that we stopped this tragedy before it got even worse.

Her small breasts appeared. She had cute, little nipples that poked up hard. I threw off more pieces then fell to my knees. I had to unstrap her cuisses on her thighs and her greaves on her shins. She even had sabatons covering her feet. All of it had to go.

“My, my, Guiying,” I said. “A Chinese girl who shaved. How thoughtful.”

She didn't say a word as I pushed her down on the ground. I moved over her, my futa-dick swaying beneath me. It was so hard. Around me, my girls were getting to work. Akane had Fatou, Ocean was taking care of Lyda, and cute Mio had gone for Koharu. Some Japanese on Japanese action. I approved.

I mounted Guiying and thrust my cock into her pussy. The moment I did, she gasped. Her body bucked, the spell breaking. Her eyes widened as she stared up at me. I winked at her, loving the juiciness of her pussy.

“What?” she gasped. “You. I have to... to... Kill you!”

She slashed at me with her fingernails. I caught both her wrists, pinned her arms over her head, and pressed my boobs into her small tits. I winked at her as my pussy lips, wrapped about the base of my clit-dick, rubbed into her vulva. We were almost tribbing. It felt so hot to fuck another shaved girl.

I drew back. She gasped, almond-shaped eyes fluttering. She tossed her head as I thrust into her. I fucked her hard and fast. I buried into her again and again. I plunged over and over into her cunt. I loved how she gripped me.

She held me tight as I pumped away at her. I fucked her with passion. I buried into her again and again. Her cunt held me with such a delightful grip. It felt amazing to bury into her. I loved every second of it.

“Oh, yes, yes,” I gasped. “How does that feel, Guiying? Do you like my dick fucking you? Huh? Does my big dick feel amazing in your cunt?”

“I... What?” She stared at me in confusion. Her cunt squeezed hot and silky around my futa-dick. “What are you doing to me?”

“Fucking you,” I groaned. “Isn't that obvious?”

“But... but...” She struggled to break free of my grasp as I drilled my girl-cock into her pussy. “You... You're... You're bad! I should... I should...”

“Cum like a little slut on my cock, Guiying?” I purred. 

She shuddered, her twat clenching about me. I slammed deep and hard into her pussy. I buried to the hilt in her again and again. I loved the feel of her juicy cunt. She gripped my cock, massaging my dick. The pleasure rippled through me.

It was incredible to enjoy. I savored that delight. I enjoyed the bliss of her pussy squeezing about me. She held me tight. I groaned, burying over and over into her snatch. Her pussy gripped me as my tits bounced and heaved over her.

I grinned at the delight on her face. She groaned, her thighs wrapping around my waist. Her cunt clenched, sparking such delight. I groaned at the pleasure of hammering her twat with my big dick. I couldn't wait to explode in her. To just pump every drop of cum I had into her.

“Mmm, are you going to cum like a little whore on my cock?” I asked. I arched an eyebrow. “Are you?”

“I... I...” She squeezed her eyes shut. “I think... I think I am!”

She bucked as my pussy lips smacked into hers. That wet sound made me grin while my labia drank in the delight of slapping into her vulva. She quivered then gasped. Something pressed into my pubic mound.

I glanced down. There was her girl-cock. She had sprouted a futa-cock. That was so hot to see. I grinned as I thrust into her. She grew thicker and longer. Her futa-dick throbbed with her heartbeat. Precum spilled onto her snatch.

“My cock can't grow without her permission!” moaned Guiying. “What is happening to me?”

“Pleasure,” I groaned. “I'm setting you free!”

Other members of the volleyball team were growing their own cocks. I grinned and fucked deep and hard into Guiying's snatch. I loved how she squirmed beneath me, her futa-dick brushing my stomach I released her arms and pressed my boobs into her tits.

The Chinese futa hugged me. Her arms and legs held me tight as I drove into her snatch. Her cunt gripped my futa-dick with her mounting passion. I savored every thrust into her. It was so wonderful to rescue the futa.

“Lada!” squealed Guiying. “Oh, Lada, yes, yes, I'm going to cum on your big dick!”

“Mio!” gasped Koharu. “Ooh, that's so hot.”

“Akane!” moaned Fatou. “I'm going to burst on your big girl-cock.”

I winked down at Guiying and buried my cock into her cunt hard. She shuddered, her futa-dick twitching between our bellies. She squirmed between us. She groaned as I drove my girl-cock into her. I fucked to the hilt in her snatch. She gasped, her cunt clenching down on me.

She burst with delight.

Her cunt rippled and writhed around my dick. That wonderful twat convulsed, sucking at me. I savored it, my ache growing. Her cum shot between us. She bathed my tits in her passion as she bucked beneath me.

“Oh, my god,” she squealed. “Lada! Cum in me!”

“Yes!” I groaned, reveling in the heat of her twat rippling about me. It was so hot to feel. I buried into her hard and fast.

I erupted in her.

My spunk pumped into her pussy. Her twat rippled around me as her girl-dick unloaded. She hosed us both down with her passion. I loved it. I savored that jizz splashing against my tits. This heat swept through me. 

My mind burned with the heat of this moment. The pleasure swept through me and drowned my mind in such delight. Pussy cream gushed out of my pussy and bathed her as I trembled on her. She clutched at me.

“Oh, yes, yes, I'm free!” she howled, tears springing in her eyes. “Thank you! Thank you! Thank you, Lada!”

I kissed Guiying, so thrilled to save these girls. They weren't our enemies any longer. They were our lovers. They were part of Virginia's futa-harem. Around me, the others squealed in equal delight. I trembled, reveling in our victory. And it was just the beginning. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Brígida Vasquez

I lay bound on the ground, my futa-cock thrust up into the air. The footsteps crashed louder and louder. Ella stood over me, the edge of her starmetal blade at my throat. I breathed rapidly. My body trembling in the bonds.

Out of the brush burst Mrs. Webb. The brunette teacher, her glasses askew and her brown hair escaped from her usual bun, gasped before me. Her demonsilk robes were half melted, revealing her large breasts. The married woman stared down at me.

“Demon!” she shrieked. 

“I have her, Mrs. Webb,” Ella said, her voice soothing. “I have her. It's okay. You don't have to be afraid of her.”

“M-my goddess?” breathed Mrs. Webb. Tears stained her cheeks. She trembled. “I... I... The Dark One... She jizzed on us... She hurt us. She drove us away. I'm s-so sorry for failing you.”

“You haven't failed me,” Ella said. “Things are working out just as I planned. See, I have captured the Dark One's futa-witch, Brígida. She can't cast spells to hurt you ever again.”

“But she's still alive,” gasped Mrs. Webb. “Please, please, kill her, my goddess.”

“Not yet,” she purred. “Before we can kill her, we have to fuck her. You have to impale your cunt down on her and use your married pussy to destroy her futa-cock. Okay?”

“Y-yes, my goddess,” Mrs. Webb said.

“So take off that disgusting and tattered robe and ride her cock,” Ella said. “She can't hurt you. And while you do, you can suck on my dick.”

Mrs. Webb nodded. The demonsilk had driven her insane with fear. A terror that demanded she fight or flee. She had tried to kill us out of desperation then ran when Virginia and her blessed cum showed up. Now we had to save her. The teachers had scattered. None of them were together.

This was a naughty plan.

Mrs. Webb ripped off the demonsilk. Her large breasts jiggled. She had a thick, brown bush. She straddled me and grabbed my cock. She guided me to her pussy. She rubbed me against her flesh. A naughty groan burst from her lips.

“I'll get rid of her cock, my Goddess!” she moaned and opened her mouth wide.

She eagerly sucked on Ella's cock. Nursing on the busty redhead's dick, Mrs. Webb impaled her cunt down my thick rod. She swallowed my cock to the hilt. It was incredible to feel. I groaned at the texture. My face contorted with the delight. I shuddered as the teacher's married twat devoured my girl-dick.

“Yes!” I moaned as Mrs. Webb took every inch of me. Her pale boobs jiggled. The White MILF suckled on Ella's cock. “Ride me. Yes, yes, work that cunt up and down my dick. Make me cum!”

“Ooh, make her cum, Mrs. Webb!” panted Ella. “And make me cum. I love it when you suck my girl-dick!”

Mrs. Webb bobbed her head. She nursed on that dick in her mouth, sliding her mouth up and down it. Her pussy clenched about my dick. She slid up me. I groaned at the feel of her cunt massaging my shaft. Pleasure shot down to my pussy.

She slammed down me. My bound body squirmed. I savored the delight pouring down my cock. Pleasure shot down me. The thrill of her married snatch massaging my dick swelled in me. It was so incredible to have her working up and down my cock.

Just so wondrous.

I groaned, savoring every moment of it. Her pussy squeezed about me. Her big boobs bounced. She suckled on Ella's cock, drool running down the MILF's chin. Her pussy polished my pole. It was so wondrous to enjoy.

“Yes, yes, yes!” I moaned, my cunt throbbing. “I'm going to cum. I'm going to explode. That's just amazing. You're so wonderful. Oh, fuck, that's good. Ride my dick.”

“Ride her!” Ella moaned, thrusting her hips forward. She fucked her cock in and out of Mrs. Webb's mouth. “Ooh, you're going to get a big mouthful of cum.”

“Mmm, you are,” I purred. “And your pussy... Ooh, you're heating up.

Her cunt squeezed about me as she grew juicier and juicier. She left my golden-brown dick streaked in frothy pussy cream. I savored her riding me. The pleasure burned hot through me. I groaned, heading towards my explosion of cum.

The MILF slammed down me. As she did, her futa-dick thrust out of her bush, growing thicker and longer. I smiled as the White MILF grew her cock. I grabbed her pale shaft, savoring it growing into my hand. She held me tight as she slid her cunt up my rod.

“That's it, Mrs. Webb,” I moaned, pumping my hand up and down her girl-cock. “Just like that. You're doing great. Yes, you are. You're going to have a huge orgasm. Isn't that awesome. Just a big burst of pleasure. You'll spray my little titties in cum!”

The teacher moaned around Ella's dick and slammed her cunt down my cock. She threw back her head. Her pussy went wild around my cock. Hot cum jetted from her big dick. Her jizz splashed all over my face. She coated me in her spunk. I quivered as she painted all that wonderful spunk over my little titties. Just drenched them in passion.

I shuddered, her pussy rippling around my cock. The White MILF suckled at them. Her boobs jiggled. Drool spilled down her chin. The pressure swelled and swelled at the tip of my aching girl-dick. My ovaries exploded.

“¡Mierda!” I gasped and fired my cum into her pussy.

“Oh, yes, yes, suck on my dick!” Ella gaped, quivering over me as I flooded Mrs. Webb with the cum that would free her from all the nasty things done to her. “Drink my cum!”

The pleasure slammed through my body as the married futa gulped down Ella's Jizz. She drank down every drop, just swallowing it all. It felt incredible having her drink down that spunk. I loved it. Stars danced over my head.

I quivered through the bliss. It was such a wonder to enjoy. I groaned, my face twisting with delight as I pumped more and more my cum into her spasming cunt. I shuddered as she milked me dry, more of her spunk splashing my tits.

“Oh, Mamacita,” I groaned. “That pussy is amazing!”

Her throat worked. She swallowed all that redhead's cum. I hit the peak of my pleasure. I shuddered with delight as her cunt milked me dry. I hit that wonderful peak. I shuddered, coming down from the delightful high of cumming in her cunt.

Her mouth slipped off Ella's dick. “Oh, Ella, I was so terrified. I was scared of everything, and now... now... Now I'm just so happy.”

“I know,” Ella purred. “I know. Now we have to find your fellow teachers. They're scattered all through these woods. Then... Then we have to find the drama club.” 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Aria Dennell

I appeared on the school grounds. Our high school still existed amid the Forest of the Golden Dreams. In the middle of the field, the girls of the drama club were chained in a circle. All ten of them in a circle.

They had their eyes gouged out. Their stomachs cut open. Their entrails formed a great magical circle. I didn't know what its purpose was. It seemed senseless since nothing was happening. My stomach lurched.

“No,” whimpered Ella as she stared at them. “Giuliani... Anja... Nevada... Fuck, what did that bitch do to them?”

Then one of them whimpered.

My eyes widened. “They're still alive. Seven Harmonious Goddesses,” I groaned. “That's what the point of the spell is. To keep them trapped in torment. They all knelt here and had to watch as Mayra blinded and gutted them all one by one so they would be suffering. They would writhe in pain and destruction.”

“Like she was,” whispered Ella.

“You're wrong,” Brígida said. “They did this to cast that spell that chained the wood elementals into attacking us. This is a ritual to tap into the power of the Three Chaotic Goddesses and fling it at the Demon Lord's command.”

“Then we need to do a ritual of our own,” I said. “Priestesses, move behind them. We are going to save them. Lady Virginia, I am going to need your cum.”

“I don't think I can get it up,” whispered Virginia.

I understand, rubbing at my belly. I took my position behind Giuliana. She had such a delightful, Italian accent. It was a beautiful thing, and she had been reduced to this... this... I wanted to vomit. I fought against it.

Virginia hugged me from behind. I shuddered at her embrace. The comfort of it. I needed it so much right now. More than ever, I had to be held by her. I needed her loving arms around me, or I would just vomit over everything.

She pressed her cock into me. For once, it wasn't joyous. It wasn't pleasurable. She groaned then her blessed cum flooded me. I felt the power of it and threw my arms wide. My priestesses did the same. I could feel them. All of us reached out to each other, touching spirit to spirit.

I shuddered as Virginia's pure futa-cum provided such a wondrous conduit. There was something about it that resonated with the very air around me. A presence descended all around us. Vast and powerful. It was beyond the Seven Harmonious Goddesses.

It was something vaster. Grander.

What the Seven Harmonious Goddesses served.

A hand brushed my belly. I gasped, my pussy clenching down on Virginia's girl-dick. Every bit of me shuddered. I gasped and trembled, my heart pounding this wild beat in my chest. I swayed, realizing I was about to burst from the passion of it.

I climaxed.

All my priestesses did. All of us did. We all let the power of the Seven Harmonious Goddess flow through us. No prayers were needed. This was a more divine form of communication. Purer. Just emotions. Love that swept around us all.

And that love poured into those poor, mutilated, suffering girls.

I didn't have to open my eyes to know that they were mending. The wounds to their flesh and spirit healed as my cock erupted, showering over Giuliana. I gasped, the waves of rapture flooded through me, Virginia grasping my breasts.

The love and passion flooded the air. I gasped as stars burst across my vision. I opened my eyes to see a vast, silver light shining from the pit. It swept over everything. Devouring all the pain and suffering in the world.

It left behind only something vast and beautiful. Something pristine and wondrous. I groaned, my futa-cock erupting over and over again. The light shone from the drama club. Their cocks grew. I could feel them sprouting as they become like me.

Priestesses of the Seven Harmonious Goddesses. They didn't serve evil any longer. They weren't tricked and deceived by the thing pretending to be Mayra. No wonder she picked the drama club. She was an actress. 

Then it winked out. It was gone.

“Now,” Virginia hissed as the ten healed futa-priestesses fell into sobbing joy, “we have to save my twin sister and end this!”

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Saffron Homewood

“So, something's gone wrong, hasn't it?” I said as the demon slinked off.

“Of course it has,” said Cunty Me. She drummed her fingers on the throne arm. “I may have underestimated the Golden Power. I did not think it could do... that?”

“Isn't that just like us?” I asked. “We just keep underestimating things. I mean, I was a cocky cunt who got the magic whammy put on me by Vixen, and I see you're just as bad. Sadly, I haven't grown as a person.”

“But that's okay,” said Evil Me. She smiled down at me. “I have you here. I have the one piece that I need to rip out her heart.”

“By ripping out my heart?” I asked. “Won't you just like fade away. Like Back to the Future. You'll slowly vanish from all the photo pictures until you start to fade out while trying to play some Fifties' rock song.”

“I haven't thought about that movie for so long,” she said. “But I am from another timeline. I can rip your heart out and live just fine.”

“This isn't Endgame rules, is it?” I stared at Cunty Me. “Because that didn't make any sense at the end. If you create new timelines when you change the past, then how did Captain America end up an old man on the bench. He didn't come back via the time machine, which meant he really went back in time and did fuck all to help through all those catastrophes so he could be house-hubby to that old flame of his.”

Evil Me rolled her eyes. “She's coming, Saffron. Our twin sister. She'll be bursting in her to save you and...” A dagger appeared in the cunt's hand. “She'll get to watch the blood gushing from your throat. Killing Ella would have been the cherry on the sundae, but you are the main dessert. I want you to stare into her eyes. Really look in them as you take your last breath. I remember what it was like staring into her eyes as she died. How the life flickered out of them. The pupils widened. The soul left and then...

“I was alone.”

She placed the dagger to my throat. “Won't that be something for Virginia to see?”

To be continued...
