Turn-about is fairplay

Louise and I were well into our lovemaking when we heard the door to our room open. I knew right away that it was Jane making her way in. She must have heard us and decided to join us again. I was balls deep in Louise and wasnt about to stop fucking her. Jane climbed onto the bed and started caressing my back and ass. As I continued to grind my cock into Louises wet and willing pussy, I found it a little strange that Jane started to pay extra attention to my anal opening. It felt really good and I moaned my appreciation of her efforts. You like that?, Jane asked. Yes, was the only response I could give. 

Then, it happened. I felt the lube being applied to my ass. Startled, I looked over my shoulder to see Jane applying the lube while wearing a double headed dildo. The look of shock on my face seemed to ask an unspoken question. Well, Jane said, you seem to like having your cock up our asses, so Louise and I decided to switch things up. But, I protested, YOU ask me to fuck your ass. 

And you seem to like having a finger up there so I decided you might like something bigger. Now, look at your wife and relax, Jane continued.

With that, she started rubbing the head of the fake cock against my asshole. I stayed still while she did this. No sense in risking pain by continuing to move my cock in and out of Louise, who was enjoying to scene playing out before her. As it was, as Jane pushed her cock against me, my cock was being pushed deeper into Louise. 

With all the lube in and around my ass, the head of the cock soon penetrated past my sphincter. Jane slowly and gently worked that cock in and out of my ass. Damn, it was feeling better than I could imagine. Soon, I felt her pussy hair against my ass as she was as deep as she could go.  So, there we are. Me with my cock buried in my wife and Jane with a dildo in my ass. 

Jane waited a moment or two to give me time to get used to this foreign invasion. I must admit, it felt kinda good. Thankfully, she chose a short (5 inch), slim cock for taking my anal virginity. She started moving gently against me, the dildo moving ever so slightly in my ass. The movement was gently massaging my prostrate, making my cock harder that it already was. Jane slowly withdrew the cock about halfway out of my ass and then pushed it back in. I heard her moan as the other end of the dildo moved inside her pussy. Her pressure pushed me harder into Louise who ground her clit against my pubic bone.  I lay still as Jane pulled back again. As she started her next plunge, I moved my hips and ass back to meet her, pulling my cock away from Louise. When Jane pulled back, I went forward feeding my pleasure tool into Louises sopping wet pussy. 

We got into a rhythm doing this. Jane fucking my backdoor and me fucking my loving wife. I shifted my angle a bit to rake the tip of my cock over Louises g-spot. We moved together. In love and in lust. It didnt take long for Louise to start her orgasmic moan. Feeling her pussy clamp down on my cock, combined with the prostate massage I was getting from the anal fuck I was enjoying got me to where I started shooting my load of come into her. Jane started fucking me harder and quickly joined us. Im, Im, Im cuuummmmmmmmiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnnggggg, she yelled, slamming that silicone cock into the depths of my ass one last time.

She withdrew from me and I rolled off Louise. I lovingly kissed them both and thanked them literally from my bottom. 
