TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright October 2001 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit.  
This story may be freely distributed for personal use with 
this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(Cuckold, Humor, D/s, M+/F, MM, MF, Inter, 
Impreg)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ 
THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE 
READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE 
GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, 
PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, 
SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND 
OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES' MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE


TITLE:  INVESTIGATION & INTERROGATION 
AUTHOR: C.D.E.

ABSTRACT: A couple is raped on their honeymoon.  The new 
bride desperately wishes to catch the culprits.  Her new 
husband is aghast at the extent his new bride will go to 
investigate and interrogate suspects. 


In a land, far, far, away from reality, this story takes 
place:

CAST:
Lewis-Husband
Lora-Wife
Mother Kane-Lora's Mom


	
CHAPTER 1: LEWIS COMES HOME FROM A HARD DAY'S WORK

	"WHAT THE HELL DO YOU MEAN!  I've been on my back all 
day gathering evidence!  You think I've been having fun 
giving my pussy to 10, not 3 or 4 or 6, but 10 big black 
dicks, all day while you were at work?"

	Lewis had expected some vehement discussion from his 
wife, but nothing like what was being dumped on him.  He 
just stood and listened to his angry wife.

	"You've got some nerve to come in here and tell me 
about how messy the house is after all the investigation 
and interrogation I've been doing today!  Why I bet you 
didn't stop over at a peep show to suck one black dick on 
the way home did you?  I've told you if we're going to 
catch those three bastards, we'll have to identify them by 
their dicks.  What better way for you to get a lead on 
possible suspects than offering free head at peep shows and 
adult theaters around town."

	Lewis started to mumble, but his assertive and 
beautiful wife cut him off.

	"You don't have to say a damn thing!  I can see the 
truth on your face.  You really aren't serious about 
defending my honor as your wife. Are you?"

	"Lora, you know better than that.  It-it's just that, 
well you know... I-I'm getting quite a reputation as a 
white cocksucker, no matter how I disguise myself in the 
black section of town.  Several of the men already tell me 
their dicks get hard when they see me, especially my lips.  
I'm telling you darling, there has to be a better way.  
I've swallowed so much..."

	"DAMN IT! Lewis,	will you stop complaining how much 
cum you've had to swallow.  Hell!  When you come close to 
the amount I've eaten, then you can complain!"

	"I-I'm sorry Lora.  I-I apologize for making you 
angry.  I-I promise I-I'll stop by and suck some cocks on 
the way home tomorrow."

	"That's better honey.  Who knows, you might get lucky 
and identify one of them.  To show me you're serious and 
not just putting me on, promise you'll make up for today.  
Let's say you try and do at least 20 tomorrow."

	"T-Twenty! I-In one evening? W-Why that'll take..."  
As he looked in his wife's eyes and saw the frown forming 
on her beautiful face, he stopped speaking and knew what 
reaction to expect from her if he didn't appear to be more 
proactive in the direction he knew his wife desired.

	"O-Okay Lora. I give up.  I'll do as you want. I-I'll 
try to s-suck at least 20 dicks to see if I can identify 
any of the rapists."

	"That's the spirit darling.  Actions speak so much 
louder than words.  Sucked dicks show much more sincerity 
than excuses.  As I said, and you know the detectives 
agree, it looks like the only way to track the rapists is 
to examine their pricks close up when they're erect and 
then see how well they fit in our mouths and my cunt, as 
well as how much jism they spurt, and also the taste of it 
too."

	Lewis quietly cringed at the sound of the word 
"Detectives".  He said nothing but continued to listen at 
his irate wife.
	
	"Don't get angry with me honey when I blow off steam 
like that.  You know it's just because I'm so distraught 
over being raped.  You know this is serious to me.  That's 
why I took a vow to not have straight intercourse with you 
until we find those devils that raped me and you and  
humiliated us both.  No dear, we both must be diligent and 
unwavering in our pursuit of them."

CHAPTER 2: THE NEXT DAY

	As Lewis made his way home the next day filled with 
22, not 20, loads of hot sticky gooey public dick scum shot 
off down his throat, and not one recognizable dick in the 
bunch of black men he sucked off, he lamented about his 
plight, and what he saw as a futile search for the men that 
raped he and his wife 6 years before.

	He was so tired of sucking strange black dicks.  
However, to keep his wife happy and keep those damn 
detectives off his back, he had been blowing black dick 
after black dick every since the rape incident.

His wife, Lora was insistent that they not give up in 
their search for the men who had raped her repeatedly and 
made him clean her up repeatedly, as well as the dicks of 
the men doing the raping.  Lewis had considered himself 
raped too.  That is since the men came in Lewis's mouth and 
got aroused at his licking and lapping and sucking cleaning 
actions.

	Lewis also had plenty of blame to issue around as to 
his wife not giving up this very unusual search for rapists 
that Lewis had a strong hunch were from out of town.  
Especially, since what part of the tags he saw as their car 
sped away, their car was from out of state.

	The other thing that pissed him off were the black 
detectives who interrogated them after the rape.

	The detectives and other policemen, all black, have 
encouraged her in the perverse manner she's going about her 
quest.

Any objections by Lewis caused him to be lambasted by 
his wife and the law enforcement officers for not wanting 
to track down the rapists. 

 Incidentally, these same detectives wanted to clear 
themselves as suspects of this dastardly crime, therefore 
they offered to fuck his wife to demonstrate their 
innocence.  Lora, his wife, to Lewis' total surprise, 
gladly accepted their offers. She also, as well as they, 
indicated that it was mandatory that Lewis participate too.  

When Lewis tried to decline, he was again, severely 
chastised by his wife and the detectives for not doing his 
part in attempting to contribute to bringing the rapists to 
justice.  He was castigated as less than a decent husband 
not to help her out in this cause as well as the manner in 
which the investigation was being conducted.

A black prosecutor and a black judge, who'd heard of 
the case, and who also were friends of the investigating 
detectives, also sought to get involved and offered to 
clear themselves as possible suspects.  

Lewis's wife gladly accepted their offers, to her 
husband's shock and chagrin.

"Honey, the detectives are right.  We must try to 
recreate the way things happened when the rape occurred.  
This is necessary and we must accommodate them, no matter 
if there are 14 them of them or how hard or big their dicks 
are.  Besides, I have committed us and if you don't stand 
by me, that would only prove what the police men said 
earlier about you."

"W-What?  About me not being a good husband because 
I've objected to the..."

"No, darling, not about your status as a husband, but 
as a man.  You see honey, a real man would stand by his 
wife, no matter that he'll have to eat a little of other 
men's sponk from her snatch or lick and suck on those same 
men's dicks if that's what it takes to defend the honor of 
his woman.  You do want to defend my honor, don't you?"

"Of-Of course I do Lora, b-but..."

"Then that settles it, I expect you to do your part 
just as I'm going to do mine.  Now don't fret a bit honey.  
I know you're full of anxiety about all this.  I 
understand.  I understood and respected you when you did 
what you had to do during the actual rape.  I'll respect 
you now as you suck my pussy clean of the men's cum 
tonight, as well as when you tongue and suck their dicks 
clean also.  And honeybunch, don't worry about the guys not 
respecting you tonight as you suck up their leavings in my 
cunt, or when you put your mouth on their pussy-slime 
coated members. They'll have a much higher opinion of you 
even if they don't say so."

"T-They will?"  Her husband replied, literally 
mumbling and stammering simultaneously.

"Of course. If anything, they'll respect you much more 
when they actually see you in action slurping their frothy 
spend from my cunny.  And when you have their tools under 
tongue, your esteem will really rise, especially if you do 
a good mouth cleaning and cause them to get hard and spurt.  
Dear, if you get them all to coat your tongue and throat, 
I'll sincerely know you're behind me 100%.  Now lets stop 
chattering and get ready for our guests."

Lewis tried to respond, but his wife walked briskly 
away before he could muster up enough strength to speak. He 
heard her humming happily in the bedroom as she eagerly 
prepared for the sexual encounter with the prosecutor, 
judge, and other black detectives who desired to clear 
themselves as possible suspects.

The group gangbang of his wife was a spectacle that 
poor Lewis had never imagined could've happened to him.  
There were 14 men total that came to clear themselves by 
coming in his eagerly receptive and beautiful bride.

The judge and prosecutor were first and second in line 
respectively.

After fucking Lora and encountering resistance from 
Lewis when it came time for him to lick the black judge's 
large, wet, pussy slime coated black dick and balls - the 
same way as he had to do the rapists - Lewis was threatened 
with a contempt citation, by his Honor, for obstructing 
justice.

"Just imagine how many dicks you'll be licking in jail 
for 30 days, if I issue this citation."  The judge told him 
as he looked at Lewis, who was horrified at the thought 
that he could be incarcerated.  He was also terrified at 
what the judge said about the other prisoners making him 
suck dicks anyway.

Lewis accepted the lesser of two evils and dropped to 
his knees and went down on his honor.  Besides licking all 
the fuck slime from the magnificent black penis, Lewis also 
got an honorable wad of hot cum shot down his throat.

Lora was very pleased at her husband for his actions.  
Lewis wasn't happy at all, but recognized that the powers 
to be that were against him.

With the rapists Lewis only had to deal with licking 
and lapping clean 3 slimy dribbling dicks.  This time there 
were 14, not to mention the extra time he spent tongue 
douching his wife's fuck inflamed pussy clean of the 14 
men's heavy loads of semen.

Needless to say, his wife was quite tired after her 
sexual interrogation of the 12 policemen, the judge and the 
prosecutor.  Lewis was not only tired but also full of the 
group's lusty outpouring.

As he drifted off to sleep later that night, Lewis 
pondered if the group thought he'd proven himself as much 
of a man as his wife had lead him to believe.

CHAPTER 3: LEWIS AND LORA - THE BEGINNING

	Lora has a 36C-23-34 figure on a 5'2" frame, is 
redheaded and has enticing sparkling bright hazel eyes.  In 
simple terms, a very beautiful woman with a bouncy walk 
that will get most men hard as she passes by.

	Lewis on the other hand was just shy of being a nerd, 
but he was a nice guy, who Lora came to be intellectually 
and emotionally attracted to. Lora also became enamored 
with Lewis because he was easy going and appealed to a part 
of her personality that seemed thrill with having her way 
and controlling things.  Lewis didn't know it, but he was 
ideal fodder for her utilization when she had a mind to be 
in a bitchy dominating mode. 

	Lewis, of course was overly thrilled just to be 
associated with such a lovely girl even wanting him to 
associate with her.  Therefore, he virtually went along 
with whatever she desired of him.  He also found her witty 
and intellectually compatible too, which further caused him 
great joy.

	During the steady dating phase of their relationship 
and prior to becoming engaged, Lora only let Lewis kiss her 
lightly on the lips, nothing else.  There was no tongue-to-
tongue action, and the light lip pecking only started after 
about 6 months into their steady dating.

	Lora was insistent that any other intimate activity 
had to wait until the relationship matured.  Lewis was of 
course additionally excited that not only was a beautiful 
woman attracted to him, but one with high moral standards 
too.  

	Lewis worked hard to save up money for the single 
carat diamond to put on his beloved Lora's hand.  She 
accepted his proposal and they became officially engaged 12 
months after having been steadies to each other.

	A wedding date was set for a June wedding.

	During their engagement period, to Lewis's delight, 
the couple's level of intimacy increased.  Lewis got his 
first French kiss from his beautiful fiancee.  Lewis was 
also hopeful that the relationship would also include sex.  
It did, but not exactly what he was contemplating.

	"No Lewis darling, we must wait until our wedding 
night to fully consummate our bond to each other, however, 
in the meantime, we can do other special things together 
that will serve as, well as sort of appetizers to that 
special event."  Lora said to him after he got up enough 
nerve to proposition her for some.

	The "other special things" Lora had in mind, while not 
totally to Lewis's liking, he went along with.  The part he 
didn't really like, but found enjoyable, was her jerking 
him off, which was usually after he lapped and licked and 
tongued he luscious cunt to a rousing orgasm or two or 
three.  He'd only heard of eating pussy before, never 
really performed it for anyone.  He found it very easy as 
well as pleasing to do for his beautiful fiancee.  It was 
especially thrilling to see her writing in pleasure caused 
by the actions of his tongue.  It made him feel macho to 
have given her such a pleasure and to see her response and 
movement.

	Pussy licking and mouthing her also appealed to Lewis 
because he had some, no, a lot of doubt, as to whether he 
had the right equipment in his pants to satisfy a woman, 
especially one as beautiful as his red headed Lora. 

	After discussing it with her, he was very relieved by 
her assurance that his small cock would not cause her to 
love him any less.

	"Lewis darling, my love for you is not based on such a 
silly thing as the size or measurement of your penis.  I 
can find ways to get around that.  If I need to get the 
feel of a bigger cock, I can always get a sex toy or some 
other way to get that urge taken care of. The only thing I 
want from you is that you'll honor, love, and respect me, 
no matter what, for better or worse.  Oh, and one other 
thing, that you'll never stop sucking, licking, or lapping 
my pussy, whenever and however, I want you to do it for me.  
Is that a sworn promise?"

	"Yes! Oh yes Lora, for better or worse, I solemnly 
swear and promise to love you no matter what."

	"That's so nice of you Lewis dear.  But what about my 
pussy?"

	"Oh, of course darling, I'll put my mouth on your 
pussy and suck and lick and lap you whenever you need or 
want me too.  You can count on that Lora darling.  Yes, I 
most certainly swear and promise to do that for you."

	Lewis was besides himself with joy and delight that 
such a beautiful creature wanted him so much to extract 
such commitments from him.  He just knew this marriage was 
going to be so blissful.  What could go wrong?  He thought 
to himself.


CHAPTER 4:THE WEDDING NIGHT - A NIGHT OF RAPE

	Lewis and Lora's wedding was a beautiful affair and 
all went well without any glitches.

	The first leg of their honeymoon was to a remote 
coastal location where many newlyweds went.  The scenery 
was breath taking and there was lots of land and space 
between each of the modern log cabin suites in the complex. 

	The site was Lora's idea. Lewis wasn't thrilled with 
the isolation of the resort complex, but the serene 
location and privacy would afford the newlyweds the long 
awaited opportunity to explore each other's bodies and 
delight in each more fully sexually than in the manner they 
currently did. Lewis was definitely anxious to put it in 
his ravishingly beautiful new bride. 

He'd dreamed so long of placing his cock where his 
lips and tongue had only delighted in.

It'd been a busy and long day for Lora and Lewis.  The 
wedding, the reception, a three hour drive, and dinner were 
all out of the way.  Lewis, even though tired from the 
activities of the day was running on nervous energy as he 
awaited his opportunity to slip into the comfort of his new 
wife's juicy warm pussy.

The two were on the verge of retiring to bed after an 
especially savory dinner at the resort's restaurant, which 
had been a 2 mile drive away.  Each cabin in the complex 
were a quarter mile apart, which afforded each guest real 
privacy.

The bright white and very revealing lacy bridal 
lingerie that Lora wore only fanned Lewis's desire for his 
new wife.  

Lora knew that her new husband desired her greatly and 
had been teasing him with kisses and suggestive actions all 
evening, before dinner and especially now that they were 
about to share a bed formally as husband and wife.

Just as the chiming clock struck on the hour, there 
was a knock at the door of their cabin suite.

"Ignore them, they'll go away."  Lewis said as he was 
beginning to take off the lacy but flimsy negligee his new 
bride wore.

"No honey, it might be important."  Lora replied in a 
serious tone.  "We have plenty of time for what's on your 
mind."  She added with a wink and a peck on her new 
husband's cheek.

Again Lewis attempted to proceed with undressing and 
his new bride, while assuring her ignoring the knocker, 
would be all right.  

"No Lewis darling, it may be an emergency."  Lora 
replied in an even more serious tone.

Reluctantly and quite irritated, Lewis quickly hopped 
out of bed and walked swiftly to the door in the hopes of 
dispatching the knocking interloper.

As he swung open the thick wooden door, what greeted 
him was totally unexpected.  In rushed three men wearing 
ski masks.  One was holding a gun in Lewis's startled face 
as the other two rushed through the door and straight to 
Lewis's new wife.

CHAPTER 5: AFTER THE RAPE

	"Lewis, I understand you did all you could.  That's 
behind us now.  Now we have to find these despicable men 
and cause them to get their due punishment."

	"Lora, the police have assured us that they are 
working as..."

	"That doesn't mean we can't do our own investigating 
and help them out.  Besides, the police don't have as much 
incentive as we do in locating these horrible criminals."  
Lora injected quickly, cutting Lewis off mid sentence.  
Besides, both of those nice detectives agreed with me, 
remember?"

	"I know they did dear, but s-still the police are 
better trained to investigate such..."

	"DAMN IT Lewis!  The three had you suck their dicks 
and swallow their big hot loads.  Didn't that upset you?  
And just look at how they used me like some gutter slut.  
Didn't that get you angry?  They used me over and over 
again, then had you tongue clean me up between fucks.  
Didn't that bother you?  Or did you like doing that for 
them?"

	"N-No of course not.  I was just as angry as you were 
Lora.  They made me do that for..."

	"It doesn't matter now Lewis darling, but I have to 
admit it was different to have you sucking their gooey cum 
out of me.  It really made me have more intense comes than 
when you ate me without a messy pussy.  I also have to say 
you did look cute sucking on their big black dicks.  The 
way your jaws were bulging really added to it all, 
especially when you were swallowing their stuff."

	"Lora!  H-How can you say a thing like that?"

"Just a factual comment darling.  However, I must 
admit, their big hard dicks got me off so many times, I 
lost count.  It was traumatic and degrading what happened 
to us, but the sex was good for me, even if it wasn't 
planned the way we both wanted it to happen."

"I-I wasn't sure if y-you really were pretending or 
not, that is the apparent orgasms you seemed to be having."

"No Lewis darling, they weren't pretend in the least.  
With the equipment those three had and the way they used 
their tools, it was all real.  They really got me off in 
ways I never dreamed of.  As I said earlier, your mouth 
made me feel even better than usual too."

"You really held my head tight.  My ears really hurt 
from you pulling me to you so hard."

"I know it's naughty and maybe a bit perverse, but it 
felt good holding your head to my dripping pussy and 
hearing the sound of you slurping up their sperm."

	Lewis, silent and unbelieving at his wife's comment, 
was not amused.

CHAPTER 6: LEWIS CONVERSING WITH HIS MOM-IN-LAW 

	"I understand how you feel having to watch her have 
sex with all those black men, but as long as you know it's 
for a good cause then that should put your mine at ease.  
Even though it may look like she's having fun and enjoying 
herself, nothing could be further from the truth.  Any 
woman can tell you it's hard work opening her legs and 
getting fucked by as many men as Lora is screwing.  You 
should only have adoration and praise for her."

	"I-I never thought of it that way, Mother Kane."

	"Also, I've been meaning to tell you that you should 
not feel the least bit of humiliation or shame just because 
Lora is pregnant for the third time with some strange black 
man's child.  You are the perfect daddy to the other two, I 
don't see why a third should change that.  I know you love 
the first two so I see no reason why you shouldn't provide 
the same love and concern for this one."

	"I-I will, b-but when I-I learned she was g-going to 
have another baby . a-and knowing I wasn't the father . I-
It sort of got to me... Y-You know... Knowing that she's 
still sticking to her promise to not let me have any until 
we bring the rapists to justice."

	"You have to admit, her goal is noble, even if 
somewhat uncomfortable to you dear."
 
"You're right about that.  However, I-I wish y-y'all 
would try to change her mind.  S-She knows I'm dedicated to 
catching those rapists the same as her.  B-But two black 
babies a-and her being pregnant again, all within 6 years, 
a-and m-me only being able to suck up after others have had 
her... a-and having her jerk me off or pulling myself when 
she's not around or in the mood or too tired...It-It gets 
to me sometimes."  Lewis was distraught as he stammered and 
spoke in a broken voice and with incoherent grammar.

	"I fully understand dear.  You know, I hadn't thought 
of it before, but your mother and I could help out by 
beating your meat for you.  I don't know why we didn't 
think of that before."

	Lewis didn't like her idea at all, but his Mother-in-
law called his mom and the two dominant women, quickly 
contacted Lora on her cell phone.  After a conference call 
among the three women, Lewis discovered much too quickly 
that his mom-in-law's idea had been accepted unanimously.

	"Lewis, we three have all agreed on this, that as of 
now, you are never to jack off without permission or 
supervision from one of us."  His mother-in-law said in an 
authoritative tone.

	Lewis could only stare at her in disbelief as he 
absorbed the impact of her words.


CHAPTER 7: LEWIS AND THE DETECTIVES
	
Lewis had reason to dislike the black detectives who 
encouraged his wife in her quixotic search. One of the 
detectives named Jake, and several of the other black 
detectives, literally came to Lewis's house anytime they 
wanted, often pushing past Lewis when he answered the door. 
Upon entering, they made a beeline to Lewis's very 
attractive wife and openly groped and felt her up in 
Lewis's presence.  Lora always accepted their gestures of 
affection smiling all the while.  Lewis could only cringe - 
mentally and physically.

In the case of Jake he had somewhat of a special 
reason to visit, after all, one of Lewis's and Lora's son's 
resembled Jake's facial features quite a bit, even if the 
kid was more coffee colored and nowhere as dark as Jake.

The couple's other child strongly resembled the black 
county Prosecutor.

Lewis did mention one time to his wife about her 
having kids when she hadn't even let him put it in yet.  
However, she interpreted his comment as him harassing and 
mentally abusing her.  She threatened to tell the 
detectives, who were constant visitors at their home, and 
in their bedroom and in Lora too.

"Lewis, I can't take such mental abuse from you.  Yes, 
I've mistakenly and accidentally gotten pregnant and had 
the babies of these men you mentioned.  But honey, don't 
you see, it's all for a good cause. Not only was it for the 
effort of finding those rapists, but it also took care of 
my sexual needs in the process.  If anything, since my vows 
are sacred to me, you should be happy that we have a way 
for me to ease my sexual frustration while at the same time 
pursuing this investigation."

"I_I understand your sincerity Lora dear, but what a-
about my sexual frustrations?  Y-You could at least let me 
put it in when you're pregnant?"

"Lewis! What kind of husband are you to not help me 
keep the sworn vow I made?  That shows a lack of backbone 
on your part to not help me keep my word of not letting you 
put it in until we catch those dirty rapists.  Until then, 
you should be more than willing to beat your meat and be 
satisfied with what we two are doing.  A devoted husband 
would make the sacrifice and be satisfied.  Besides dear, 
it's not like we aren't getting the family we wanted."

"Lora, you know it's been awkward for me, but the 
babies you've had. T-they've grown on me a-and I-I've tried 
to be a loving father. B-But..."

"And you have sweetie.  I couldn't ask for a better 
daddy for my babies.  But go on."  Lewis's wife 
interjected.

"I-I guess I should say thank you.  But Lora... and I 
know this is a s-sensitive issue with you, b-but you have 
to understand the humiliation I'm going through as I face 
others, especially with other men, black men at that, 
sexing you all the time and us still being married."

"Darling, I am sensitive to your perceived 
humiliation, but as I strive to catch the scoundrels who 
abused us, I must stand by my sworn pledge not to share sex 
with you in the usual conjugal manner until those rapists 
are brought to justice. As long as you know my intentions 
are honorable, you should not be concerned about the 
perceptions of others.

"I-I see.  Y-You really are taking a hard stand on 
this." Lewis lamented in a dejected and pathetic tone.

"Lewis darling, we all have to have something that we 
stand for.  I want to stand for justice.  I don't think 
you'd respect me if I didn't. Just as I wouldn't respect 
you if you hadn't been man enough to suck all the dicks 
that you have.  No dear, we both must continue to make 
sacrifices, even if my sacrifice means me getting all the 
sex I need in our quest to find justice, and you being 
limited to jacking off, sucking other men's dicks to 
identify them, as well as the many loads of cum from my 
used pussy, and also being a good daddy to any of my 
accidental pregnancies."

"Oh Lora, I-I wish you weren't so graphic about my 
situation.  I-I respect you too, but  I-I just wish there 
was another way.  If we never catch the rapists, I-I'll 
never get a chance to put it in."

"Lewis, you can't think that way.  It's defeatism in 
the worse way.  You must have faith.  But to alleviate your 
worry, don't fret.  When I'm satisfied that there doesn't 
seem to be any chance of us catching them, I'll let you 
have some through regular intercourse.  But until then, I 
must keep my sworn vow not to give you some that way."

For the countless time, Lewis was spellbound at his 
wife's resolute tone.

CHAPTER 8: LEWIS & LORA DISCUSS THE DETECTIVES SOME MORE

	"Dear I don't know why you have such a negative 
attitude about the detectives.  They've gone out of their 
way to help us find suspects.  They not only tell you what 
part of town are good spots to go and offer free head, so 
you can inspect dicks -  that is, as you suck them off - 
and taste their cum to see if it's similar to the taste of 
the semen they shot off in your mouth.  You should be 
thankful to them for their help instead of trying to fight 
them.  I hope those few hours in jail helped you see that 
you should change your poor sourpuss attitude."

	"T-They just did that to further intimidate me.  T-
They just want to shame m-me even more.  T-They've also 
threatened to make a record up o-on me a-and report m-me to 
m-my boss if I-I don't do as t-they tell me.  P-Please y-
you've got to t-tell them not to do -t-that just because I-
I don't do everything t-they t-tell me to do.  I-I can't 
just g-go around s-sucking e-every b-black man's p-penis t-
to..."

	"Stop right there!  Do you love me or not?"

	"O-Of course I do Lora, b-but..."

	"No buts about it Lewis, the way I see it, if you love 
me, you'll do what it takes to protect the honor of your 
wife.  The woman you supposedly love.  Maybe you need to 
look up the definition of love.  Here let me show you what 
it says."

	Lora walked over to pick up the dictionary near by, 
while Lewis stood by speechless and stunned that his 
beautiful wife was seemingly indifferent to his feelings or 
emasculation.

	"Listen at this darling,  "Love is the unselfish loyal 
and benevolent concern for the good of another", unquote.  
So when you say you love me, it should mean that you aren't 
concerned about selfish things but what benefits the one 
you supposedly are in love with.  Are you still in love 
with me?"

	"W-Why yes Lora, b-but y-you c-can't j-just..."

	"Then case closed!  That means that you will do what 
it takes to be loyal and benevolent for me, and do so in an 
unselfish manner.  My love for you must also show the same 
benevolence and unselfishness toward you.  To do so, I see 
it as my duty to help you show the utmost love for me, as 
well as help you overcome your selfish pride.  I'll do so 
by encouraging the detectives, to keep on encouraging you. 
It may take a while, but you'll get rid of your silly 
selfishness and instead focus on  the things you should be 
concentrating on.  One of them is interrogating every black 
dick you can find. I'll do this because I truly love you 
Lewis, and want you to show me the same type of deep love I 
have for you." 

	"B-But Lora..."

	"And speaking of selfishness, look at me.  I've had 
two black babies and am pregnant with a third, in my quest 
to find those horrible rapists.  If I can give that much of 
myself, I don't see what possible excuse you could have.  
And by the way, don't even mention the "A" word again.  I'm 
not a killer!  I accidentally got pregnant pursuing a just 
cause. So I feel no shame or remorse for delivering and 
being the mother of a third beautiful coffee colored 
child."

	Abortion was the furthest thing from Lewis's mind at 
that moment, since it was far too late for that.  But his 
wife's raising of the subject just added to the overall 
confusion that he was drowning in at the moment.

	"No, Lewis, I will not stop the two detectives from 
giving your file to your employer if you stop cooperating 
with them and me.  That's final.  You have to get your act 
together or be ruined professionally, which will ruin our 
family too."

	Lewis was still standing looking bewildered at his 
predicament.  As he thought it all over, he didn't see 
himself coming out on top at all.  His wife in supporting 
the black detectives and their cohorts meant that all the 
cards were stacked against him.  He knew he had to go along 
with their program.

"Lewis, I really do understand the strain and tension 
this whole unfortunate situation has placed on our 
marriage.  However, there are times when you have to pay a 
price to achieve justice.  In our case, yes we are paying 
quite a price, but as I see it, we are also being rewarded 
too."

"We are?"  Lewis reacted with a surprised look on his 
face.

"Our kids, honey.  That's our reward."

Lewis said nothing, but remained silent.
 
"Lewis, I know it's hard on you when the detectives 
come by to fuck me when you're here in the next room."  His 
wife said in a softer tone as she embraced her beleaguered 
spouse. Lewis, even though very upset about things that 
seemed to be out of his control, enjoyed the intimate 
closeness of his adulterous wife.

"Sure, they may want you to suck their dicks from time 
to time, while I'm out interrogating a group of dicks 
they've found for me.  But look at it this way, they 
deserve a little bit of relief from us.  They have needs 
too, and after all, they've been such a big help to us in 
finding possible leads."

"I wish they weren't so helpful."  Lewis replied 
softly, but curtly.

"You just find it hard to accept help don't you honey?  
But no matter, I'm still proud of how well you've adapted 
and become more enthusiastic since we first started our 
campaign."

Mentally, Lewis thought the proper word should be 
'coerced, intimidated, and beaten into submission' in lieu 
of adapted.

"But Lewis darling, the guys do keep me stretched and 
well prepared to take on those big black cocks that I have 
to interrogate in my cunt.  Also, their dicks also keep you 
proficient and in top form too.  Remember, the more you 
suck dicks regularly, the less chance you have of choking 
on a heavy load of jism if a suspect comes sooner than when 
you expect him too."

Lewis, while resigned to being a cocksucker for his 
wife's cause, didn't totally feel comfortable discussing 
this subject with her, even after all that had taken place 
between them.  He changed the subject of their 
conversation.

"L-Lora, there's something I've been meaning to ask 
you about."

"Sure darling, what is it?"

"I think the detectives are pimping you out?  After 
all, it is a bit suspicious that I hear them talking about 
setting you up for a party. A-And the other night I 
overheard one of them same say something like "$50 a man 
with unlimited shoot offs in the whore" - those were his 
words too, and I-I suspect he was talking about you."

"He was darling.  But, he's doing that for a front, 
like when you send somebody undercover.  However, there is 
money paid by the Johns, or men, who want some of me.  It 
also gives me the opportunity to interrogate all the dicks 
at these events they set me up for. The money is secondary 
to my main purpose of chasing leads, but we do split the 
proceeds equally.  Of course they deduct out of my share 
any expenses that might be incurred in setting up such an 
operation for my benefit.  I thought that only fair. I 
usually clear about $15-$20 for each man I suck or fuck."

Her husband was shocked once more and stone silent at 
her revelation.  He was literally dumbfounded when his wife 
further revealed her "interrogative" whoring activity had 
been ongoing for some time - dating back to 6 months after 
the rape.
 
 
EPILOGUE:

Lewis and Lora continued the quest to find the rapists who 
seem to be elusive as ever.  Lewis was still hopeful that 
the quest would end soon, one way or the other.  That is 
with them finding the rapists or his wife declaring the 
search over. However, his wife Lora seemed more focused on 
the search for more dicks to interrogate, than anything 
else. 

			### END ###


Comments? Contact C.D.E. at ccwriter@hotmail.com
