Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa Harem vs the Demon Lord Chapter Eleven: Futa Sneaks! Naughty & Hot Experiments
Summary: Saffron investigates Ella while Brigida has an idea for a naughty experiment!
Keywords: hH hf hff hhf oral anal voy exhib inter fantasy magic gamelit

Copywrite 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Virginia Homewood

I trembled as the futa-elf Kali had me pinned against the silver bark of the strange trees that grew in these woods. Above us, a shadow crept. Something hunting. Something dangerous. My heart pounded in my chest. All the hardness in my futa-cock had gone away, the blood retreating.

The shadow appeared in a shaft of moonlight. A slender woman with onyx-black skin and white hair pulled back in a simple ponytail. She moved with graceful steps. A black band of leather covered her small breasts. Thigh-high boots clad her legs, shinier than her skin. A loincloth swayed between her legs.

She had long ears like Kali. An elf. A dark elf. My heart pounded as she looked around. Metal glinted in her hand. A dagger. No hilt. A short blade, almost triangular, but a tall and narrow one. She held the handle in a loose grip, a black tassel.

She flicked her eyes down.

Kali cursed and shoved me to the side. The dagger embedded in the tree where I had been, quivering from the impact. Kali tumbled back, her violet hair whipping in the moonlight. She came up and had drawn her bow, an arrow knocked. The motion was so smooth. She released a heart beat later. It streaked up into the tree.

But the dark elf assassin was moving. Bounding through the boughs. Kali rolled to her right, three throwing daggers embedded in the ground where she had been standing, their tasseled ends swaying. They burst into smoke a moment later.

“Kali!” I gasped as the elf came up in a crotch, arrow knocked. She stared up at the bows.

I pressed my back against the tree, my naked breasts rising and falling. Fear shot through me. Where had the dark elf gone? Kali's eyes scanned the dark, her skin glittering in a shaft of moonlight. She was ready to fire her bow at the enemy, but she had vanished into the shadows.

“Mmm, the Demon Lord is going to reward me,” a voice drifted down. “You can't protect her, Kalirisia.”

“You think I'll let you touch her, Surexila?” demanded Kali. “You think I'll let you harm one hair on her head.”

“Stop me.”

Something about the taunting tone caused me to throw myself to the ground. I landed tits first on the loam, my boobs smarting. 

THUNK! 

THUNK! 

THUNK! 

I threw a look over my shoulders to see three throwing daggers embedded in the tree where I stood, tassels swaying before they melted into black mist. My stomach lurched.

An arrow flashed up into the trees and struck the bark. The shadow danced through the limbs, vanishing again as more arrows streaked up at her. Kali was firing fast, pivoting where she knelt while my heart screamed in my chest.

Kali back-flipped, releasing an arrow and dodging the daggers. Then she was running herself, weaving through the trees as more daggers followed down. It looked like she could throw three daggers at a time before they melted away and reformed for her to use.

An arrow flashed up at the shadow.

A mocking laugh. “Almost got me, Kalirisia. Almost.”

“You didn't even come close to me, Surexila!” Kali shouted back.

“Mmm, but you're nowhere near your—”

“Run!” the futa-elf cried.

I sprang up and darted forward on bare feet, fear pounding in my veins. A dagger struck the tree. I gasped and tripped, another flying over my head. My toe throbbed from the root. I rolled behind a big tree and pressed against it for cover.

“You can't hide from me forever, Heroine,” Surexila cooed from above. “I will find you and kill you. The Demon Lord will be so thankful to me. She'll fuck me with her big demon-cock. Mmm, so just keep glowering there like a silly rabbit.”

Hands grabbed me. I shrieked as I was pulled into the wood. It melted around me. I screamed again as it spilled over my body like thick honey. I felt it engulfing me like I was being sucked into thick mud. It clung to my body. I thrashed in a panic, but then soft breasts were pressed into my back. A hard futa-dick into my ass. The figure who held me turned me in the darkness.

The sounds were so muted. Something thudded. A groan of pain rose around me.

“It's just a flesh wound, my beloved,” a gentle voice whispered from all around me. 

“Willow?” I tried to speak, but I wasn't sure any sound was around me.

The futa-dryad held me. She kissed me with her soft lips, her hands stroking my back. The tree was all around me, but I could move, slowly. She breathed air into my mouth. I clung to her, holding her tight bod.

I shook as the fear bled out of me. I had almost been killed. That crazy dark elf had tried to murder me. Kali was right. There was something dark lurking around in the forest, only it wasn't Willow. It was more than their misunderstanding.

“Shhh,” Willow said to me even though she was kissing me. Her voice resounded through the liquid wood around us. “It's okay, Virginia. It's okay. I saved you. We're safe here. She is strong enough to hide us. She is a mighty Dreamweave Tree. An elder. She'll protect us. You're safe.”

I clung to her, kissing her back. I believed her. My round breasts rose against hers. Our nipples brushed. Sparks of excitement showered down to my pussy. My cunt clenched. I shivered at how great that felt. A naughty tingle ran through me. I groaned, licking my own lips. I was safe. 

Safe.

My futa-cock swelled. I was hardening again. I had to get back to my world. I had to figure things out. To do that, I had to satiate myself. I had to cum. I slid my hands slowly down her back, the wood thick and syrupy around me. Her magic was so strange and wonderful. She kept kissing me, her tongue dancing in my mouth. 

I grabbed her rump and lifted her just enough. Her futa-cock slid into my stomach as mine slid down her shaft to the thick bush surrounding her pussy. I groaned as I nuzzled into the wet petals of her cunt. She wrapped her thighs around me, moving so slowly.

Then she sank down my dick.

“Oh, Virginia, yes!” moaned around us. The tree groaned, too, as if she enjoyed what we were doing. “Mmm, you have such a wonderful dick. Yes, yes, you're sliding into me. Oh, sweet Heroine!”

I was the heroine. I just had no idea how to fight. How I could be one. Kali had mentioned bathing in the Spring of Maidens. Did I need to do that to access my powers or something? My friends had their powers thanks to my cum.

Would I give the futa-dryad powers? But willow already had them. We were in a tree. That wasn't normal. I groaned as she squeezed her pussy around my dick. I gripped her ass as she slowly fucked her twat up and down my girl-cock.

It felt amazing. Her silky, hot flesh massaged my clit-dick. My cunt clenched. Our tongues danced. Her large breasts rubbed into my tits. I loved the feel of them, wishing I could nurse from her right now. That would be even better.

“Oh, Virginia!” she moaned, her pussy working up and down my futa-dick. “That's just amazing. That's wonderful. Ooh, ooh, I love it.”

The tree creaked and groaned with our love-making.

My fingers dug into her flexing rump as she worked her pussy up and down my futa-dick. It was incredible to enjoy. My fingers dug into her asscheeks. It was so amazing to have her fucking her cunt up and down my dick. I loved it. I savored it. 

Her pussy gripped my futa-cock with such passion. She massaged me with her twat. It was incredible. I loved every moment of it. Every last second. I groaned, my heart pounding in my chest as the ache built and built at the tip of my dick.

My fingers dipped into her butt-crack as she brought me closer and closer to cumming. To exploding in her twat. I would just spray her with spurt after spurt of my cum. Just flood her with all the passion I had in me. My finger found her asshole.

I thrust it into her.

“Virginia!” she moaned. 

I groaned as I sank my finger into her velvety bowels. The futa-dryad's dick throbbed against my stomach. She pulsed against me as she worked her cunt up and down my clit-cock. I loved it. Her pussy massaged me while I fingered her asshole.

I pumped in and out of her bowels, her cunt getting hotter around my dick. She moaned into our kiss, breathing for me. It was so wonderful. I jammed a second finger into her bowels. She squealed. The tree shuddered about us.

“I'm going to cum!” her voice whimpered around us, almost caressing my body with her passion. “I'm going to cum on your big futa-dick, Virginia!”

Good!

I jammed my two digits deep and hard into her asshole. I pumped them in and out of her as I savored this pleasure. It was wonderful. Amazing. This was just the sort of delight that she deserved to experience.

She moaned into my lips as I thrust the two digits in and out of her asshole. Her pussy worked faster and faster up and down my clit-dick. I groaned, savoring that wonderful delight. The ache grew and grew in my ovaries. I was so eager to cum in her. Just so ready to explode.

I wanted to cry that out, but I needed her mouth breathing for me. I was so close to erupting. I would have such a big climax. Just a mighty cum on her futa-dick. It was amazing feeling her working her futa-cock up and down my dick. It was magnificent.

“Yes, yes, yes!” she moaned around me. “Oh, wow, that's wonderful. I love it. I love it so much, Virginia.”

Her futa-dick spurted. 

Cum splashed on my belly and the bottoms of my breasts while her asshole convulsed around my two digits. My girl-dick throbbed in her spasming cunt. Her flesh suckled at my aching cock. The pressure rose to the pinnacle of my shaft.

I squealed into her lips and erupted. My spunk fired into her snatch. The futa-dryad moaned, her body holding me tight as I unloaded over and over into her. I flooded her snatch while her cock painted my tits. She bathed me in that wonderful cum. It was amazing.

“Oh, Virginia, yes!” she moaned while the tree groaned around us, creaking with rapture.

The dual pleasure swept through me. Rapture and ecstasy blazed through me. It was awesome. I loved every moment of it. I savored every last shudder and tremble and quaking moment of delight. This was incredible. Just what I needed to experience. I was in heaven.

I fired the last of my cum into her pussy. I bathed her twat with my spunk. Her pussy milked me. She drained out every bit in me. It was incredible. The heat swept through my body. I groaned, dizzy from the rapture.

It was perfect. Just what I needed. My pussy stopped spasming. I quivered in the midst of her tree trunk and then—

I was standing in my bed. I gasped, feeling the mattress deforming beneath my feet. I stumbled and then fell. I hit on my back in the middle of the floor, my futa-cock smacking me in the belly. I coughed, the wind knocked out of me.

I rolled onto my side again. I shuddered, my head throbbing. “I'm okay, Saffron. Just fell out of bed.”

My twin sister didn't answer. I glanced over at her bed on the other side of the dorm room. It was rumpled. I sat up, my back aching, and saw... Nothing. She wasn't in her bed. I blinked and glanced at the bathroom door. The light was off and the door open. I could just see the shower door. 


“Saffron?” I asked as I stood up.

A breeze wafted over me. A chilling one. The curtain fluttered. The screen was lying beneath the open window, the metal propped against the wall. I gasped and ran out to it. We were on the fourth floor. I peered down at the side of the brick building. 

“Saffron?” 

I didn't see a body lying on the grass below. I couldn't believe it. How did she get out the window? What was going on? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Saffron Homewood

I jumped from limb to limb in the great oak trees that lined the road, bursting out of one branch and landing on the next. I laughed silently as I did that. I was naked, my futa-dick flopping before me, and at one with the night. 

I jumped to the roof and landed lightly beside a dormer window. This was Mrs. Webb's house. The teacher I had seen getting fucked by Ella in the teacher's lounge. If Myra became a futa, then did that mean that Mrs. Webb was one.

I peered through the window and saw that Mr. Webb was sleeping in bed, but his wife wasn't there. He lay on his back, staring up at the ceiling, his eyes closed. He looked out of it. I could hear him softly snoring. Where was Mrs. Webb?

I scampered up the peak of the roof, wanting to find other windows. I reached the top and saw where it didn't slope down. The section of the house was higher here. I scampered along the top, straddling the peak, and reached the far side. It overlooked the backyard where I spotted...

“Ooh, that was great, ladies,” Mrs. Webb said. There were candles spread in a circle that was being snuffed out one by one. A group of naked women was down there. I blinked. I recognized them. Ms. Jérôme was the school nurse, Ms. Bisset was my Civics teacher, Mrs. Bean taught me and Virginia English, Ms. Hailey was my Latin teacher, Ms. Fonseca was the drama teacher, and Ms. Easom taught physics. The others I knew, too. Ms. Kang, Mrs. Bagley, Ms. Ripley, and Mrs. Winton. They were all teachers at the school save for the nurse.

And they were all naked.

“That went well,” Ms. Kang said.

“Yes, it did,” Mrs. Webb said. “Mmm, I'm very pleased with the results.” She yawned. “Ooh, I want to get some sleep. I'm going to be bushed at school.”

“At least you're home,” said Ms. Easom. “I have twenty-minute drive ahead of me.”

“Thirty,” Mrs. Bagley said.

They all vanished inside, taking the candles with them. I had absolutely no idea what was going on. I crept along to the other side of the house and saw the cars parked in the driveway and on the street. I should have noticed them.

Here I was wanting to see if Mrs. Webb had a futa-dick and if I could get wild with her, and then I find her doing... something. What? I couldn't figure out what they were up to. A few minutes later, they started filing out, all dressed and saying good night to each other. They got into cars and drove off, silence returning to the night.

“What the fuck?” I muttered. 

I slid down to the dormer window and peered in to see Mrs. Webb, now wearing a nightgown, sliding into bed beside her husband. She groaned as she laid her head on the pillow and fell into sleep in a moment.

This was the strangest thing I had ever seen. I jumped from the roof back to the tree. I scampered across the wide branches. They were a good six inches across, more than enough for a master of balance and stealth like me.

I could kick ass as a gymnast with these skills.

I jumped from the tree and landed on the next one. It must be an Olympic record. Maybe twenty feet. It just felt so natural to do that. After my sister had fucked me in our dorm room, I just felt even more energized.

Hopping from tree to tree, I soon found myself coming up on the dorm. My window was still open. I reached the last tree and then darted down a branch and burst out of the leaves. I sailed naked through the air, the cool air blowing over my skin.

I grabbed the window sill on the third floor. My feet braced on the wall. I scampered up it, passing a closed room, my futa-cock swinging. Then I used the gap in the bricks to climb up and grab my window sill. With ease, I was up and over, landing in the room where I had left the screen.

“Saffron!” Virginia gasped.

I squeaked in fright and jumped up to see my sister sitting on her bed staring at me. “Oh, my god, you scared the bejesus out of me!” I turned and grabbed the screen. “What are you doing up so late.”

“I had a... a dream. And what about you? You're climbing out our window. We're four stories up!”

“No biggie,” I said, popping the screen back into place. I closed the window and turned around. “I got mad skillz.” 

“But what were you doing?” My blonde twin stared at me. She shook her head, confused. “Why would you sneak out in the middle of the night.”

“Felt like prowling.” I sat down on the window sill and told her what I had seen at Mrs. Web.

“They were forming a circle at Midnight?” my twin asked, glancing at the clock. It was 12:34. “That's so weird.”

“Candles and everything.” Saffron shrugged. “Beats the hell outta me why they would do that. I mean, it's crazy, right?”

“Yeah. Completely crazy.” Virginia swallowed, looking shaken herself.

“Did something happen in your dream?” I padded over to her bed and set down beside her. I put my arm around her. “Huh.”

“I was... in the other world.” She turned to face me. “A dark elf tried to assassinate me.”

“What, no way?” I gasped. She told me about it. “That's so cool. Her daggers turned to shadows and she could re-throw them.”

“She almost kills me and you say it's cool?”

I shrugged. “I mean, it's a little cool. Now that your safe and sound back here in the real world, right?”

“But I'm going to cross over again.” She shivered. “She's going to be lurking in those woods to kill me unless Kali got her.” Virginia swallowed. “What if Kali got killed. She's so sweet. And she knows things.”

I sighed. I had to be a good sister. “That's why you got us. Your harem. We're learning powers to fight for you. If I was there, I would have kicked this dark elf skank's ass.”

“Saffron,” she groaned in exasperation.

“What?” I stared at her, blinking in surprise. “Why are you groaning at me. It's going to come. There's a war brewing. Something's going on. The only question: what's up with Ella and the girls she fucking.”

“I don't know,” Virginia said. She stared at me. “Your mission, uncover the truth.”

“You have no idea how excited that makes me.” I trembled. “I won't let you down, Lady Virginia!”

She fell back on her bed and pressed her pillow over her face. “Not you, too. I'm going to bed. No more nighttime excursions without my permission.”

“Yes, Lady Virginia.”

She screamed into her pillow.

“So testy, my lady. Do you need me to—”

“Going to bed!” She rolled over and put her back to me. Then she dragged her covers over her body. “Not listening.”

I smirked and laid down on my own bed, thinking about how this night went. Amazing. I was eager to perform my reconnoiter of Ella and find out what was her deal. It would be magical. Just a wonderful experience. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Virginia Homewood

“You just had to fuck me in the shower,” I huffed as we darted out of our dorm room, hair still wet. I hated that. It would be a mess today. “Just had to slip your cock into my pussy and fuck me.”

“You weren't complaining,” my twin sister said. “You were gasping, 'Oh, my god, Saffron!'”

My cheeks burned. I had been gasping that. I had her cum still in me, slowly staining my panties as I ran down the hallway. I hit the stairs and raced down them. We'd have to grab something from the cafeteria. Something we could wolf down fast. It would be messy, but there was little choice in the matter. 

I groaned as we flew down the stairs and then reached the first floor and darted to the cafeteria. There was some toast left out in a basket while all the girls were already gone. The cafeteria staff the school employed were shaking their heads at us.

“Just butter and go,” I groaned as I grabbed my toast. “No time for jam. Too messy!”

“Fine!” my sister cried as she scraped butter onto her toast. 

I took a big bite and then we were running out the door and out into the neighborhood streets. I felt very energetic as we ran to the school. Normally, I was a lot more sluggish in the morning, but the pressure of being late had me racing as fast as I could. My first class was math with Mrs. Webb, the very woman who held that strange ritual last night. Myra Gutierrez would be in it, too. She was one of Ella's lovers. We had to know what was the deal with the redheaded futa. 

What was she doing? Was she connected with any of this?

I had no idea.

We reached the school and raced up to the third floor together. Both our classes were on that level. We took them two at a time. I was surprisingly not getting winded by the time we passed the second floor and were racing to the third floor. I must be that much in a hurry.

We parted ways once we hit the third floor. Saffron was off to Civics with Ella herself. This would be her chance to start spying on her. I went the other way, the last stragglers racing into class before the warning bell rang.

I darted in and saw Mrs. Bell chatting with Myra. I spotted Brigitte sitting with Mio and Addy, two members of her chess club. A third member, Joann, sat behind them. . They all stared at me and gave me huge smiles. Aria was stroking the hand of Georgiana Clarckston, one of the girls from her home ec club. 

“I found another concubine, Lady Virginia,” Aria said when I approached. She stood up before me and smiled, her ebony face lighting up with delight. Her beaded braids clacked and clattered around her head. “Isn't that wonderful?”

“Sure is,” I said and took a seat by Aria and Mio. 

Brígida leaned out around the Japanese girl and said, “I have a few theories why Aria makes concubines, and Lada and I don't.”

“What?” I asked, glancing around the classroom. Guadeloupe Pinto sat down in front of me and glanced back, winking at me. She was on the cheer squad. “And don't, you know...”

“Well, you and Aria have done it twice,” Brígida said. “Where you did the erupting.”

My cheeks warmed. 

“You gave her a second dose of your magic. Not me. I bet Saffron can do it, too.”

“So if you do Lada, and Lada does me, I'll become a futa,” Guadeloupe asked, turning around in her seat.

“Yes,” Ejiro asked, the Japanese girl sitting down beside Guadeloupe was another member of the cheer squad. “That would be amazing. We have to arrange for you and Lada to get together.”

“And for her and Brígida,” said Addy.

Before I could open my mouth, Mrs. Bean said, “Okay, okay, calm down, girls.”

“Leave it to me,” said Brígida and she pulled out her phone. I frowned at that. What was she typing? 

“Brígida, put that phone away and tell me if you can solve the equation on the board,” Mrs. Webb said. “Wow us with your skill.”

“Yes, Mrs. Webb,” Brígida said, staring at the board. “We have to first start by...” 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Saffron Homewood

I was sitting behind Ell?a, staring at her purse backpack hanging off the back of her chair. Her phone was in it. I opened this nifty app that I had found while messing around last night after Virginia had gone to bed. Don't ask me how, but I had downloaded this thing called TOR and was poking around in the Dark Webb.

I could see all the Bluetooth connections around me. I held it out to her backpack and a strong signal indicated on my phone. A button pop up. “Download phone?”

I tapped it and suddenly was downloading all the contents of her phone. Her messages, emails, logs, all that stuff. I hummed, my theft going on right under everyone's noses. I hummed in delight as a moment later, a text came in from Brígida.

“Need you to pull the fire alarm. Have to experiment with Virginia's cock and need some alone time.”

I deleted that message and thought about it. I would need gloves first. Rumor had it, pulling a fire alarm caused a dye to spray out to drench the hands. Where could I get gloves? Well, a janitorial supply closet. Two on every floor on opposite ends.

Easy enough to get in. Ms. Bisset was teaching civics while she kept glancing at Ella. There was definitely something going on between them. She was fucking more than just Mrs. Bean. I bet she had gotten to all those teachers I had seen at the house last night.

Was it some sort of futa ritual they were doing?

I had to be careful. She couldn't know about this.

A new problem occurred to me. Was there a way to delay the fire alarm being pulled? It was a lever, right? How much force did it take to yank it down? Could I hang something from it and then add just enough weight to slowly pull it down. Say, over the course of a few minutes?

What could I even hang from it? It would have to be something light? Something I could get my hands on but couldn't trace back to me. Rubber bands and paperclips? That could add just the right amount of weight. 

Where to get those?

A classroom. There had to be a classroom not in use now. 

I smiled and raised my hand. The teacher frowned as she stared at me. “Er, yes, Miss Homewood?”

“Can I go to the bathroom?” I said, standing up. “Got to tinkle.”

“Sure, sure,” she said. 

As I walked out, Suzan Strong and Ocean Westley smiled at me and winked. They knew I was a futa. Well, Lada had fucked them both yesterday. I smiled, loving that I had secret supporters in the classroom. That was hot. Seo-Hyun Moon, another cheerleader, flashed me a big grin as I passed her sitting in the front row.

I hummed as I slid into the hallway and then quickly hurried down it. I passed classroom after classroom and then stopped. I peered into one that was dark. Perfect. I pulled out a pair of hairpins. One I used as a tension wrench the other I used to pick the lock. I felt the pins, pushing them up. It was a simple lock. In seconds, I twisted it open and slid inside.

I hummed as I opened the desk and found a rubber band and twenty-three paperclips.

Do not ask me how I knew this was just the right amount of paperclips to slowly pull the handle down until it hit the release and activated. I just understood it in the same way I knew how to jailbreak my phone, access TOR, and find a hacker app on the dark web.

I was a modern-day thief.

I found a fire alarm nowhere near my classroom. I carefully hung the rubber band from the end and slowly let the weight of the paperclips pull on it. Not a single tug. The handle slipped ever so slightly, the weight overcoming the coefficient of friction that held the handle in place.

Huh, I remembered something bookish. Go me!

I made it back to my class and took my seat behind Ella. The teacher was talking about the impeachment process and whether or not it could be used to remove someone from office who wasn't in office any longer. Seemed pretty simple to me.

“The one time it had happened, William Belknap, former Secretary of War, was acquitted by the Senate because they believed it was unconstitutional to impeach someone who had already left office. So that—” 

BEEP! BEEP! BEEP!

Ms. Bidet gasped and glanced at the door. Strobe lights flashed. “There wasn't supposed to be a fire drill today.” She looked around. “Okay, okay, let's all be calm. Just stand up and come with me. Single file now.”

“So weird,” said Seo-Hyun. 

“Goddess, let's go,” whispered Nevada Waters to Ella. Nevada was one of the girls from the drama club. One of the futas that Ella had made.

Susanne Tindall moved up to Ella's other side. I blinked at that. She was one of the girls on the volleyball team and...

Ella had fucked Akane, captain of the volleyball club, yesterday. Then Ms. Bisset hurried over and smiled at Ella. The worried look in her eyes relaxed as Ella rose. Then she strode after Ms. Bisset, Susanne and Nevada falling in behind Ella.

Things were getting more and more interesting. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Brígida Vasquez

I smiled as the alarm went off. “Your sister came through.”

“Okay, okay, let's be calm everyone,” Mrs. Webb said. “Gather your books, girls.”

“You did this?” Virginia asked. “Had her pull the fire alarm. What if she gets caught.”

“She won't. She's our rogue. We just have to do some experiments. Addy, Mio, and Joann, we're going to the club room. If you'll join us, Virginia.”

“We're skipping math?” gasped Virginia. “What if we get caught?”

“We won't be,” I said. “We're going to be lost in the chaos. The fire department's going to have to come and clear the whole school. They'll figure it out was a prank, but that'll give us a good thirty or forty minutes to do some experimentation. If my hypothesis is correct, if you fuck me a second time then I fuck one of my girls, they'll become futas.”

“Ooh, ooh, I want to be a futa,” Addy said, the black-haired girl pushing up her glasses.

My cock twitched. I had enjoyed fucking her in the ass last night. “You will be.”

“Fine,” Virginia said. “I want to figure this out.”

“Come on, girls,” Mrs. Webb snapped. “This is no time to dawdle. The building might be on fire.”

“Yes, Mrs. Webb,” Aria said and stood up. Her beaded braids clicked and clacked as she headed up the aisle. 

I rose, grabbing my bookbag. My girls and Virginia did the same. We headed out into the hallway where it was chaos like I thought. Girls were funneling through the hallways, all heading for the emergency exits. It was easy for us to go a little slower and to get more and more more and more left behind by our class.

We headed down the stairs slowly, becoming the last stragglers in moments as everyone else hurried past us. Then we were the last. Virginia looked so nervous, but I was finding this exciting. We headed down the second-floor hallway to our club room. I had the key as the club president. I pulled it out of my pocket and slipped it into the door. I turned it and opened onto a room with a few tables, the chess boards all put away. They were all cheap ones with plastic pieces, but that was all you needed.

I closed the door behind us, keeping the door locked. “We don't have much time. Let's get naked.”

I undid my red bow tie, the cloth sliding through the collar with a whisk. Virginia and the three girls from my chess club did the same. In moments, they were all unbuttoning their white blouses, St Mary of the Veil's monogram over our hearts. I worked my buttons through the eyelets, as eager as the three White girls and the Japanese cutie.

“I want to be a futa so badly,” moaned Addy as she slid out of her blouse and then reached behind her to undo her skirt.

“Yes,” Mio said. The petite thing trembled, her eyes so dark and sexy. She was a cute thing. She didn't even have a bra on, her little mounds didn't need any support. Her dark-olive nipples poked out hard.

I undid my bra, freeing my round breasts, brown nipples thrusting up with eager delight. I smacked my lips as Virginia's ivory mounds appeared, her pink nubs begging to be suckled. Joann apparently had the same idea I did. She ducked her head down and suckled on Virginia's nub.

“Oh, my god,” gasped Virginia as that hot mouth nursed on her nipple. “Ooh, that's so naughty. Joann!”

The petite brunette just unzipped her skirt and let it fall, her white panties clinging to her rump. She nursed with hunger, loving Virginia's nub. My futa-dick throbbed in my panties. My skirt dropped down my legs. I stepped out of it and then unveiled my big girl.

“Yes,” Addy moaned as my futa-cock popped into view. The black-haired girl licked her lips, her cheeks flushed red at the sight of my golden-brown shaft. “You got such a gorgeous cock, Brígida.”

“Wait until you see Virginia's,” I groaned.

Virginia unzipped her skirt, distracted by the naughty mouth latched onto her nipple. She groaned, her head shaking from the mouth suckling on her nipple. She quivered there and licked her lips. She wiggled her head from side to side, a big smile on her lips.

“Ooh, that's good,” she moaned. “That's just wonderful. You know what you're doing, don't you?”

Joann popped her mouth off. “Let's get your dick out, Virginia.”

She fell to her knees before my blonde friend and yanked down the pink panties she wore. They slid off and that cock fell out. Joann wasted no time in nursing on Virginia's girl-dick. The blonde futa gasped, her round tits jiggling.

Addy dropped to her knees and grabbed my girl-cock with both of her pale hands. She kissed the tip and then slid her lips over it. She started sucking. I groaned, wanting to protest. To tell them that we weren't here for that, but...

It felt so good. I groaned, loving every moment of the sucking and nursing. It was incredible. I loved it. I savored that delight. I shuddered, savoring that delight. My hips wiggled from side to side, my heart pounding as she worshiped me.

“We shouldn't be doing this,” I moaned as she bobbed her head up and down my cock. “We don't have time.”

“I know,” groaned Virginia. “But... Wow, Joann, your mouth is incredible.”

Mio whimpered as she watched us getting blown. Addy and Joann were bobbing their heads, lips sliding up and down mine and Virginia's futa-dicks. My cock throbbed in Addy's mouth. The black-haired cutie nursed with passion on me.

She was such a wonderful cock-sucker.

Mio, naked and rubbing at her black-furred muff, darted over to me. She leaned down and suckled my nipple into her mouth. I gasped at that increased pleasure. Delight surged down to my pussy. My cunt clenched, drinking in the delight that Addy's sucking mouth made.

Virginia gasped. Her boobs jiggled. Pleasure crossed her face and her blonde hair danced over her shoulders. She quivered there, clearly in the throes of feeling something good happening to her. She bit her lower lip. 

“Oh, yes, yes, finger my cunt, Joann!” my futa-friend moaned. “Yes, yes, you're just driving that digit deep into my cunt.”

“Yes, yes, finger her!” I groaned. “And finger me, Addy.”

Addy purred around my cock. She slid her fingers through my black bush to find my pussy lips. She slid down my slit to find my taint and kept going. Her fingers reached my asshole and caressed it. she circled that naughty spot and then thrust her digits into me.

I gasped as she did that. I threw back my head, my eyes wide in shock. I couldn't believe how great that felt. How amazing it was to have her fingers thrusting against my asshole. She teased me. Made me feel so good. 

“Oh, yes, that's wonderful,” I moaned as she pumped her digits in and out of my asshole. She made me feel so good doing that. It was just amazing having her fingers plunge into my bowels whiled she nursed on my cock. “You two are so naughty.”

I rose and rose towards my orgasm. I groaned, my bowels clenching down on her digits. My dick throbbed in her mouth. Mio nursed on my nipple with her hungry mouth, her tongue dancing around my nub between strokes.

I loved it. My pussy drank in all the sensations. The heat from my bowels and from my futa-cock all melted down my shaft and gathered there. It was incredible to feel. I licked my lips, loving every second of this.

Every last moment of them fingering me.

“Oh, my god, yes,” I groaned. “That's great. That's amazing. Keep doing that to me. Yes, yes, keep suckling me. Ooh, I'm going to cum so hard.”

“Me, too,” Virginia moaned. “Oh, Joann, that's wonderful. Don't stop fingering my cunt and sucking my girl-dick. Ooh, ooh, you're going to make me cum so hard. You're going to get a mouthful of girl-spunk.”

Addy brought me closer and closer while Mio felt so wonderful suckling on my nipple. I groaned as she did that. My face contorted with delight. It was fantastic. I loved it. She worked her mouth up and down my cock while her digits buried into my asshole.

Virginia gasped, her head throwing back. I could hear Joann gulping down that wonderful futa-cum. The blonde futa's hair danced around her flushed face as she climaxed. The sight of her cumming sent such a wicked rush through me.

I burst with rapture.

I climaxed. My body bucked. Pleasure shot through me. I groaned, my dick spurting blast after blast of cum. It was incredible to feel. Stars burst across my vision. They sparkled in the air. I groaned, loving every moment of it.

“Oh, my god, yes, yes, yes!” I gasped, spurting my cum into Addy's mouth. “¡Mamacita! Drink it! Drink my cum!”

Mio popped her mouth off my nipple and gasped, “That's so hot. I love it! You're flooding her!”

“I am!” I moaned, my bowels writhing around Addy's digits.

My girl-cock erupted over and over again. The pleasure swept through me. It was so awesome to cum as a futa. I groaned, my pussy convulsing and spasming. The pleasure shot through me. It was amazing to enjoy. I shuddered, my heart pounding in my chest.

My face contorted. The bliss swept through me. It was awesome. I groaned, stars bursting across my vision. I loved every second of it. This was such a wonderful delight. A beautiful moment of rapture. My cunt convulsed, juices soaking my thighs. Two delights rushed through me to spill over my mind.

“Oh, yes, that's wonderful!” I moaned, Addy sucking out the last of my cum.

“It is,” Virginia panted. She stared at me. “So, I guess I should fuck you now.”

“Mmm, that sounds perfect,” I purred as Addy slid her digits out of my asshole. 

I shuddered and stepped back to the table behind me. I hopped on it and stretched out on my back. My futa-cock thrust out before me. It twitched and bobbed in the air. I felt so naughty right now. My heart thundered in my chest. I was so ready for this bliss. I licked my lips, my heart thundering in my chest. I would have such a big burst of pleasure.

I spread my legs apart as Virginia advanced, her dick gleaming with Joann's spit. I quivered, knowing that dick would slide into me. It would be amazing to feel. To have her plunge in me. I loved being fucked by Virginia. She had such a wonderful cock.

“It has to be your pussy,” said Virginia. “I think my seed has to flood your womb or something.”

“I bet,” I said. “Let's do this. Just pound me hard. I'm so ready for it.”

Virginia pressed her girl-cock into my bush. She smiled at me, her round breasts jiggling. She was cute. White girls were hot, though Japanese Mio with her small boobs and thick, black bush was a cutie, too. I hadn't had a chance to fuck her last night.

“Here we go,” Virginia moaned and pressed her girl-dick against my pussy lips. She thrust.

My labia slid over her. My cock throbbed. I arched my back, squeezing down on her. It was so hot feeling her sliding into me. My boobs jiggled. The White futa slid to the hilt in me, her girl-dick filling me up. I moaned in delight.

Then gasped in shock as Mio scrambled on the table. She threw her leg over me and grabbed my cock. I was so shocked that she was doing this. Her face twisted into pleasure as she pressed my cock into her thick bush. The ticklish curls spilled over my crown before I felt the wet folds of her pussy.

“Mio,” Virginia gasped.

“You won't become a futa until after Virginia cums in me,” I moaned as her folds slid over my cock and then her hymen stopped me from entering.

“I don't care!” she moaned, pushing her maidenhead against my cock. “I just want you in me. I want to be fucked by a futa-dick.”

Her cherry popped.

Her pussy slid down my cock as Virginia drew her cock out of my cunt. I gasped, the cute Japanese girl moaning as I took her cherry. My futa-dick throbbed into her cunt. Her hot flesh squeezed about me while her small breasts quivered. She moaned, her face twisting in delight as she bottomed out on me.

At the same time, Virginia thrust her girl-dick into me. She buried her futa-cock to the hilt in me, fucking me with that wonderful passion that I loved. It was incredible to feel her burying into me over and over again. She plunged to the hilt in me as Mio rode my girl-cock. 

“Oh, damn!” I groaned, my dick throbbing in Mio's twat as she worked her pussy up and down my cock. My pussy clenched down on Virginia's thrusting shaft. “That's so hot. You're both making me feel amazing.”

“I bet!” Virginia moaned as she thrust with passion. Force. She plunged deep and hard into my cunt while Mio rode me. 

It was so hot feeling her cunt sliding up and down my futa-dick while Virginia thrust her cock into my cunt. she buried into me over and over again. I squirmed and gasped, my boobs jiggling. This was so hot to experience.

Addy and Joann watched on as the White futa and Japanese girl fucked me. My pussy and girl-cock were in heaven. The two silky frictions mixed and swirled in me, swelling the ache in my ovaries. I wanted to cum. Just explode with all the delight that was slamming through me. It was incredible. Amazing.

“Yes, yes, yes!” I gasped. “Ooh, this is wonderful.”

“I want you to cum in me!” Mio moaned.

“Yes!” I groaned. But if I held off... An idea sparked in my mind.

It wouldn't be easy with Virginia fucking my cunt as hard as she did. She rammed her girl-cock into my snatch with such force. She buried to the hilt in me. It was incredible. I groaned, squeezing my twat down around her thrusting dick. She plunged into me again and again while Mio worked that tight, deflowered pussy up and down my cock.

I savored that once-virginal cunt riding me while Virginia's amazing girl-cock thrust into my snatch. Being a futa was amazing. My ovaries tightened. I wanted to erupt, the ache swelling at the tip of my futa-dick.

I had to hold off.

Just keep from spurting for a little bit longer. I groaned, my face twisting in delight. This was it. I would burst. It would be incredible. just an amazing delight. I groaned and shuddered, the bliss growing and growing in me.

Just a little longer. A few more seconds without cumming. I could do it. I had to.

But it was so hard. Mio's cunt and Virginia's clit-dick felt so amazing. Wondrous. Heavenly.
I held off cumming for as long as I could, that pussy sliding up and down my dick and that cock thrusting in and out of my pussy were driving me wild. I whimpered, my twat squeezing about Virginia's shaft as she buried into me.

And erupted.

Her hot cum pumped into my twat. Jizz spurted into my snatch. I groaned, the pleasure surging through me. It was amazing to feel her spunk flooding into my snatch. I gasped as I felt more than just her seed spurt into me.

I felt power.

“Oh, my, yes!” I moaned, her spunk splashing against my cervix as Mio slid her cunt up and my girl-cock, squeezing the entire way. “Yes!”

I erupted into Mio's pussy.

I fired my jizz into her as she rode me. She slammed her pussy down my cock and squealed in delight. Her head tossed and her pussy convulsed around my dick. Her flesh suckled at me as my twat nursed at Virginia's futa-shaft.

My futa-spunk fired into Mio while Virginia's girl-jizz pumped into me. It was awesome. Amazing. I bucked and trembled through the rapture of this moment, my round tits jiggling. Mio's small breast quivered as she milked my futa-dick.

“So good,” she whimpered. “It's so good.”

The dual pleasure rushed through my body, washing out of my cunt and firing out of my dick. Stars burst across my vision. I loved and savored it as I trembled through these twin ecstasy. I hit the peak of my pleasure.

“It's happening,” Mio moaned. I felt something throbbing against my belly. I gasped, sitting up as my pussy squeezed down around Virginia's girl-cock.

Mio grew a dick.

“It must have just been in time,” I moaned, staring at the miracle. “You have a—” 

KNOCK! KNOCK! KNOCK!

“Anyone in there! It's the fire department!” 

The doorknob rattled.

To be continued...
