TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright (c) 1998 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit.  This 
story may be freely distributed for personal use with this notice attached.


All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.



STORY TITLE: It's Hard Work Holding A Marriage Together

By C.D.E.

Cast:
HUSBAND-Victor
WIFE-Betty
HUSBAND'S Mother
HUSBAND'S Mother-in-law
Reverend Davis


CHAPTER 1: The Beginning

	Readers.  If you're a small cock husband, whether your 
wife be beautiful or average, there will come a time when 
your cocksmanship and tonguemanship will still fall short of 
what she believes she needs in the way of sex.  And if you 
truly love her, then you have to go all out to do what it 
takes to keep her, and hold the marriage together.
	Believe me, it can be rough at times to do so.  It's 
trying.  For instance, I'm baby-sitting our three young kids 
tonight while my wife is out partying with three of her 
favorite lovers.  Incidentally, I might add that they are 
each the real father of one of our three beautiful children.
	Even though she loves me, she wanted to prove her love 
to each of her lovers by having a love child from each of 
them.  She said if I loved her, I would support her.  She 
knew my love was deep for her and what better way to prove 
it than agreeing to what she asked of me.  As you can see, I 
gave into her and now have the ultimate proof of being a  
cuckold facing me everyday.  Of course, I love the kids and 
don't hold them responsible.  Even there fathers say I'm 
better for them than they are.
	My wife delights in being a good piece of ass for her 
big dick lovers, whom she refers to as "real men".  She also 
does gang bangs for them and their friends at parties too.  
But no matter, when they have had their fill of her and are 
through with her, she comes home to me, her loving husband, 
who always welcomes her with open arms.
She always insist I tongue out her musky, slick, slimy, 
dripping well fucked cunt after her outings.  I'm more than 
willing to prove my love to her in this manner as well as 
add what I can to her sexual satisfaction by doing so.  It 
turns her on to have me do this, and I also have discovered 
a certain joy in doing this for her also. As one sports 
writer once said, it's the end game that counts.  She tells 
me that her lovers only warm her up for my oral efforts.    
Over the years, I have come to enjoy sucking her out  
more than having intercourse.  Plus, with her cunt being so 
stretched due to her lovers' big dicks, she doesn't get much 
pleasure from my small prick anyway.  Besides I'm not as 
long winded as they are anyway.
	Well anyway, I'm getting ahead of myself.  From the 
beginning here's my story of my trials and tribulations in 
holding my marriage together.
	My name is Victor.  My wife and I have been married two 
years.  She is a lovely well proportioned dark hair 
brunette.
	It was becoming obvious that my wife was becoming less 
enchanted with our sex life and told me so.
	"Honey, you know I love you.  I love your tongue on my 
pussy, but I need more to get me off.  I need a good size 
long cock to hump me and get me off.  Maybe we should 
separate a while and see if this marriage is going to work 
out."
	Her words devastated me.  I know I wasn't well endowed, 
but I thought my oral efforts made up for that.  Apparently 
it didn't.
	I loved her so.  I knew I couldn't just give up and let 
her out of my life.  I for sure would lose her then.
	We both agreed that a marriage counselor's opinion was 
best.  We were concerned about the money for a  
counselor, so we sought out the advice of our minister 
first.
	"Victor and Betty, you did the right thing to see me 
first.  I'm very familiar with situations like yours.  
Through no fault of your own Victor, you're just not man 
enough to take care of your wife's needs.  And she on the 
other hand, through no fault of her own, has the normal 
urges of a full blooded woman.  Take out your penis Victor."
	"W-What? ." I said.
	"I said take out your penis. This is serious Victor.  
Do as I say.  We must not be shy here."
	"Go ahead honey, do as the Reverend told you.  He's trying to help 
us."  My wife added.
	I took out my small prick.  It was fully relaxed and 
shrunken, so it was only between one and two inches long in that 
state.  Needless to say I was fully embarrassed as I stood 
in the Minister's study with my shorts down and my cock 
exposed for he and my wife's gaze.
"What size is it normally Betty?"  
"About 3 - 4 inches long and on the skinny side, even when erect?"
	"So that doesn't excite you as much as it once did, huh 
Betty?"
	"Well Reverend, it never really did anyway, but I was 
satisfied by his, mouth.  He sucks very well. So I settled 
for that and just put up with his efforts with his little 
thing."  My wife's words really hit me hard.
	"Don't dress yet Victor.  You may sit.  Let your pants 
fall to the floor.  I want your prick to stay out for a 
while."  The minister said in a direct, almost dictatorial 
manner.  I felt compelled to follow the order of this man of 
the cloth.  His masculine voice seemed to command attention.
	He next stood up and lowered his trousers to reveal his 
manhood which brought a gasping sound from both my wife and 
I simultaneously.
	"Is this more what you think you need Betty?" He said 
walking over in front of where she sat.
	"Oh yes Reverend, yes, yes, just what I need.  You're 
hung so beautifully."  She said with obvious excitement in 
her voice. His prick was about 7" relaxed and had a 
perfectly formed head, which peeked out from around the 
circumcised sheath.
	"Come child, handle my member and tell me what you 
would do with it."
	As she began to talk to Reverend Davis, he stopped her 
and told me not to move an inch but to sit and learn.  His 
stern focused look cowed me.  Here again, I was mesmerized 
and stilled by his voice.
	My wife resumed her fondling and handling of his good 
size cock as she told him how she'd like to have him inside 
her.  She was obviously in heat and was serious about what 
she was saying.
	"Don't get upset Victor, this is for the good of your 
marriage."  He said as he started removing her blouse and 
urged her to suckle his hardening meat.
Moments later, I sat in a chair looking on, the 
Reverend and my wife were in the throes of hot juicy 
intercourse without any shame or guilt and virtually 
oblivious to me as I sat taking it all in.  What could I 
say?  The strange thing is that I had a hard prick, which I 
handled from time to time as they so passionately sexed it up 
in the study.
	Thirty minutes later, they de-coupled after a bit of 
deep long French kisses.  It was obvious she didn't want him 
to get up or out of her.  His almost nine inch dick, eased 
out of her well fucked cunt with a soft sucking swishing 
sound as air rushed back into her well stretched sloppy wet 
messy pussy.
	"Now do you see what your wife needs Victor?"
	"Y-Yes s-sir."  I replied stammering.
	"But you can't give her that kind of sex can you 
Victor?"
	"Uh . n-no s-sir."  I said hanging my head.
	"But you liked what you saw right?" He said pointing at 
my erection.  My wife spotted it also.
	"Reverend I think he liked watching his wife being 
taken.  Is that anyway for a man to respond to his wife 
being sexed?"
	"No, I'm afraid not Betty.  But then Victor, your 
concern is not about being something you can't be. Is it 
Victor?  Your only concern should be about being there for 
your wife when she needs you.  You want to be a good husband 
don't you?"
	"Y-Yes sir.  I-I do want to be a good husband."
	"Step out of your pants and shorts Victor and come 
here.  Let me tell you what a good husband would do in this 
situation."
	I did as he ordered me. When I came before him his next 
words shocked me.  I'd never sucked a loaded wet well used 
pussy before.  But his insistence that this was not only the 
right thing to do, but a husbandly obligation weakened my 
resistance.  Additionally, there was something exotic about 
my wife's red swollen drippy slimy pussy lips that seemed 
attractive even if nasty and messy. I felt myself losing 
control as he pushed my face right into her soppy sloppy 
bush that was coated with his thick abundant sperm. She then 
closed her legs around my head.  He and she both urged me on 
as I tasted and then started slurping down mouthfuls of 
their hot well mingled sex juices.
	"OOOH YES!  Su-uuck ME! Make feel like a woman at 
last!"  My wife cried out as she had yet another orgasm as 
she humped her sloppy cunt tightly against my face.
	Later after we three had composed our selves, 
Reverend Davis got me to confess that the taste of her used 
cunt was palatable and that I did get pleasure from doing 
that.  They both chuckled as they let me know my erection 
gave me away.  
I wanted to sex my wife too, but the minister stopped 
me and directed me to put my throbbing member away.  
Sheepishly I did.  My wife just smiled at my embarrassment.  
I couldn't believe it, she seemed to be enjoying my plight.
Reverend Davis resumed counseling us, which took the 
form of a lecture to me on my new responsibilities in seeing 
to my wife's happiness.
	"Victor as I have demonstrated, you're the problem in 
this situation.  However, through your love and 
understanding, you can also remedy the situation and help 
your wife fulfill her needs and in the process demonstrate 
not only your love but also that you want to be a good 
husband.  You do love your wife and you did say you wanted 
to be a good husband too, didn't you?"
	"Oh yes sir.  I do."  I replied quickly.
	"Then by using the God given talents you have with your 
mouth, you can provide for your wife's need in that way and 
let others, who are better endowed, provide her what else 
she needs.  Understand Victor?"
	"Y-Yes sir . I-I think so."  I replied meekly, being 
afraid of where he was going with his train of thought.  The 
more he talked the more correct I was in my assumption. 
	"So therefore, Victor, you must not think of your 
lovely wife's activities in seeing and dating other men as 
adultery, but as therapy for what you can't do for her. I 
expect you to do all you can to support her in her quest for 
fulfillment of her needs.  She'll need the help of myself 
and many other men.  Of course in the way of sex, your help 
will be needed also, especially in the manner you performed 
a few minutes ago.    Now it is still required that you be 
faithful and not stray from your marriage vows, while your 
wife is seeking and being provided what you are unable to 
give her.  Understand?"
	"Y-Yes s-sir".  I again replied as he looked at me so 
sternly.  It was clear from my wife's face, even though she 
held my hand tightly, she was delighted at what was going 
on.
	"Victor, you must be prepared to be spend many nights 
at home alone until your wife returns from her outings with 
other men.  And when she returns, you must always greet her 
with love, admiration and respect.  And you must never shy 
or shrink away from your obligatory duties of showing your 
respect and love by being there for her if she desires to 
share the love juices of her encounters with other men. I 
expect you to be totally obedient in this regard, as well as 
her other needs.  Through your love and obedience to your 
wife Victor, you two will find a deeper love in your 
marriage.  And Betty, it would be good of you to always 
describe to your husband the activities of your dates, 
especially how well endowed they are as he's orally 
administering to you."
	"Yes Reverend, I surely will." She said gleefully.
	The good pastor also let me know that I should do more 
of the household chores since my wife may not have time for 
such things because of her increased activities.  "As you 
know, idle hands are the Devil's workshop."  He said looking 
at me.
	"And Victor, one other thing.  "You must also  
expect to sacrifice in regard to normal sex.  You may have 
to masturbate since your wife just may be too tired to put 
up with you.  You must understand and accept this.  However, 
I'll let you two discuss and come to agreement on that.  If 
you can't, bring it up at our next meeting, which should be 
one week from now."

CHAPTER 2: A Month Later

	I'd just walked in from work.  It was Friday night.  
Betty and our moms were sitting at the kitchen table 
chatting and enjoying coffee.
	I greeted them and my wife greeted me with a warm kiss.  
	"Victor dear, you know I'm going out with my friends 
tonight.  Your dinner is in the stove."
	With a subtle sigh, I acknowledged her.  Knowing full 
well that this was a polite way of letting me know she again 
had another date tonight with one of three men she'd been 
dating since our initial counseling session.  She enjoyed 
that the three of them knew she was dating them all. They 
were co-workers from the company where she worked part time. 
The three studs seemed to enjoy the arrangement and she 
always made herself available to them whenever their dicks 
got hard.
	Needless to say, I was the one who was shortchanged in 
the deal.  She hasn't had time for me to get in her since 
she began dating them.  She always has time for me to suck 
and drain their juices from her with my mouth, but is too 
tired to let me do anything else.  So I have to beat my 
meat.  This was her fifth date this week.  But then, the 
pastor told me I'd have to sacrifice for her happiness and 
sexual fulfillment.
	As I went to the bedroom to change out of my suit, I 
noticed mom and my mother-in-law, Mother Jane, looked at me 
in a peculiar manner.  Each exhibited a smug smile.  Tired, 
I thought nothing more about it.  As I walked away, my wife 
spoke.
	"Victor darling, don't eat any dessert, I'll bring you 
plenty of that to eat when I come in later tonight."  My 
wife said as she again pecked me on the cheek and winked at 
me.
	Mom and Mother Jane giggled.  I'm not the quickest 
person, but then it dawned on me she'd told them about me 
eating her out after her dates had fucked her.  I was 
speechless and totally humiliated as I stood before the 
three of them.  I didn't even know our moms knew of the open 
marriage arrangement we had, less much the other details 
which apparently they now knew of.
	"Y-You t-told them?"  I asked my wife as I sat down, 
feeling weak in the knees.
	"Well honey, they suspected something, so I told them 
the truth.  I think it's better this way."
	"Son you don't have a thing to be ashamed of, I think 
it's cute that you suck other men's cum from your wife's 
pussy."  Mom said in a cheery tone.
	"Yes Victor, so do I.  It also shows that you do love 
Betty deeply to make up for your unmanliness in such a 
delightful manner."
	While their comments were meant to be well meaning,  I  
nevertheless was thoroughly humiliated and disgraced.
	Betty carried her mom home, and from there was going on 
to her date.  Mother stayed behind.
	"Victor, I too am proud that you're doing what needs to 
be done to save your marriage.  Betty is a woman that 
deserves what other well endowed men can do for her.  You do 
your part and they do theirs.  That's all there is to it.  
By the way, do you like the taste of her used cunt?"
	"M-Mother p-please!  I-I just d-do it b-because...  
W-What are y-you ..."
	"Just as I thought, your little pecker is hard as a 
rock.  You like the taste of spent jism."  She said as she 
unexpectedly grabbed the small bulge in my pants under the 
table.
	As she hugged me, tears of shame swelled up in my eyes.  
I tried to hold back but there had been just too much 
humiliation and disgrace for me to endure.  Once she knew I 
was teary eyed she urged me to have a good cry.  It was no 
use I couldn't hold back.
	She held me like a little boy and helped me wipe the 
tears away as they came down in torrents.  Ten minutes later 
I was through.  I felt better, but also a little more 
embarrassed.
	Mom let me know that she knew this day was coming and 
she's glad I did the responsible thing.  She also told me 
she'd also been to see Reverend Davis after my wife first 
told her of the counseling.
	"Dear, you and I have a counseling session with 
Reverend Davis tonight.  There is something else you need to 
become proficient at if you are determined to hold on to 
your wife.  You've gone this far, you might as well go a 
little further if you really want to do the right thing and 
save your marriage."
	After a bite to eat, she and I went to see the 
Reverend.  What she and he wanted me to learn caused my head 
to spin.
	"Y-You w-want m-me to ."
	"Yes Victor, Fellatio will be something you may have to 
do to show your wife's lovers that they can feel comfortable 
in your home with your wife or that she has your blessing to 
date them.  I had planned to address this later, but your 
mother thought it should be sooner and that you might feel 
more at ease doing your first practice session with her 
present than with your wife."
	"And then later sweetie, after you're more comfortable 
with your unmanliness, you'll be more comfortable doing it 
with her present.  She or her men will insist on some 
cocksucking later."  Mother said as she held my hand and 
urged me to my knees as the pastor lowered his pants to 
exhibit his giant cock which I'd seen several times to date.
	"You did real well doing your first blow job dear."  
Spoke mom as she pecked me on the cheek as we again sat down 
at my kitchen table after returning from church.
	She drove us back home, as I was still in a mild state 
of disbelief and shock at what I let she and the minister 
persuade me to do.  They had made me a cocksucker.  And the 
odd thing is that it really wasn't as bad as I thought it 
was going to be.  However, I was still too much ashamed to 
feel guilt free.
	Mother insisted I talk about every aspect of my fist 
blow job. She had me describe the feel of his rock hard 
penis between my lips, the force of his ejaculation, the 
number of spurts, how it felt to swallow his copious thick 
rich cream, and so on and so on. If nothing else she did 
help me get over my shame the more we talked.
	"And sweetie, one valuable thing you've learned from 
this is why your wife needs  a real man built like the 
Reverend to sex her.  You've gained first hand knowledge of 
the stamina and how much a load and a good fuck he can give 
her as compared to you, right?"
	"Y-Yes ma'am".  I replied sheepishly as she looked me 
deep in my eyes smiling from ear to ear. I felt so 
inadequate as even my own mom forced me to admit that I was 
not a real man, even in her eyes.
	This was also another nights of firsts.  Before mother 
left she let me have intercourse with her.  I was ashamed, but 
also thankful.  She required me suck her out afterwards and 
let me know that giving me some was my reward for doing such 
a good job at giving the pastor head.  She and I were 
scheduled for two more sessions with him.  Those sessions 
were in addition to the ones Betty and I were going to.  The 
Pastor decided that we'd tell Betty about my cocksucking 
training later.

CHAPTER THREE: A Year Later

	"Y-You c-can't mean that Betty.  S-Surely ..."
	"Victor, my mine is made up.  I want to have his baby." 
My wife told me sternly as I sat with my head reeling.  I'd 
put up with so much humiliation and debasement over the past 
year for her and the marriage, and now this.  No matter how 
much I pleaded, she refused to change her mind.
	I then decided to talk to Charlie, her stud for whom 
she wanted the baby from.
	I got on my knees and begged him not to get her pregnant.
	"Please Charlie, can't you talk her out of it.  I-I 
have done everything y'all have asked of me.  B-But this is 
."
	"Of course I really don't want the slut.  She's a good 
fuck, but I'm not in the mood to be a dad.  But the idea of 
impregnating her does have a certain appeal.  No Victor, I'm 
not going to change her mind.  Now you know she just might 
pick Jim or Theo to do her too.  And you have to be on the 
watch out for her leaving you if you don't come around."
	His words only added to my misery.  Would she really 
leave me?
	He looked at me pathetically as I was getting off my 
knees and getting ready to leave.
	"Hey stay there!  You might as be useful while you're 
here.  My dick's hard from all this talk about the bitch.  
Here suck it for me."
	To some it may be perverted for me to do that for him, 
but over the last year, I've sucked him and other of my 
wife's lovers when she wanted me to or when they stopped by 
and she wasn't at home.  So tonight I was just doing it one 
more time."
	As I drove home with Charlie's hefty load of jism in my 
gut, I knew I couldn't bear the thought of my wife leaving.
	Upon arriving home, our mother and Reverend Davis was 
there.
	They all greeted me warmly.  Betty and I sat together 
on the love seat holding hands as everyone was basically 
trying to convince me that what my wife desired was okay.
	As I looked at her and recalled all the times she'd 
come back to me used and full of her regular lovers as well 
as other strange men's fuck juices, my heart always leapt as 
we embraced and I lapped and loved and cleaned her up with 
my mouth. 
	I was in the background, playing second fiddle and  
always getting all her leftover love and her many lover's 
lusty leavings, but yet I loved her.  I had been faithful to 
her.  She and the Reverend didn't consider my occasional 
couplings with mom being unfaithful, but more like mother 
and son quality time, since it was clear I was a mama's boy.
	"Victor, it would be the highest proof of love you 
could show your wife and your fellow man, by agreeing to her 
having his baby.  Seeing his seed growing and swelling in 
her will cause you to love her more, knowing that she is 
happy being swollen with his child but yet married to you."
	"The Reverend is right Victor, you can't expect your 
wife to be happy pregnant if she's not happy getting 
impregnated by the man she wants to do it to her.  And baby, 
you know it's not you."  Mom's words hurt, but I knew what 
she said was true.
	"I do love you honey, but you know you'll never be able 
to give me the kind of fuck that will reached the back of my 
pussy and bang up against my cervix and force that hot seed 
right in me.  Being a woman, you just don't know what a 
wondrous and joyful feeling that comes from being knocked up 
by the man that sexes you that way."
	We kissed passionately after her eyes became teary upon 
describing her feelings.
	"I love you Victor, and you're good to me.  But I need 
my other men, my real men.  I could never be happy with us 
having a baby, unless one of my real men gave it to me."  
She spoke softly to me.
	I was hurt, felt defeated, but yet knew I still loved 
her. As we continued to embrace, I quietly pondered what to 
do. I could go for divorce, but that really wasn't a choice 
since I had so much invested in my marriage. 
	I could feel the eyes of the others in the room.
	Feeling helpless and vanquished by my destiny, I softly 
capitulated to my wife's wishes to get pregnant by her 
lover.
The others in the room were all smiles at my surrender.  
They were the kind of smiles that knew I'd been beaten and 
conquered and once again forced into a situation with 
guaranteed humiliation for me.
I'd sunk so low in my attempts to hold on to her.  I'd 
assumed that things couldn't get any get any worse in me 
trying to hold our marriage together.

CHAPTER 4: FIVE YEARS LATER 

	I'd just put our two year old to bed and am keeping our 
four year old occupied as my wife is preparing to go out 
with one of her latest steady lovers.  She now has three who 
consume almost all her time.
	She let me know tonight that she plans to have a baby 
from him also, as she has done with her other two favorite 
studs.
	As with the second baby, she didn't ask, but told me.  
She knew my will was too broken to mount any serious 
resistance to her. Our mothers and the Reverend assisted 
greatly in my not only accepting my being a cuckold but also 
my complete submission to my wife's desires and needs.
	However, this time I pleaded with her to consider the 
consequences and the further humiliation and debasement it 
would cause me if she had this third child.
	"Betty dear, I-it's bad enough now when I go out and 
people know that the kids don't look anything like me, but 
if you ..."
	"I am, and you'll just have to be the proud daddy as 
you have with the our other two kids darling."
	She kissed me, told me she loved me, and let me know 
her decision was final and that there was to be no further 
discussion. I knew better than to challenge her anymore. 
Changing subject, she then told me a list of chores she 
wanted done before I went to bed.
	I was feeding the four year old when my wife's date 
came to pick her up. As was usual, I kept the kitchen door 
partially closed to keep him from being seen by our 
daughter.  However, I peeked out as the handsome well built 
black man, named Steve, greeted my wife with a fervent 
wet French kiss and ran his hands all over her shapely ass.
	He saw me out of the corner of his eye and winked and 
waved at me as they stilled embraced.  I meekly waved back, 
feeling totally helpless, and simultaneously with my cock 
swelling in my pants.  I knew I'd have to jerk off after 
putting our daughter to bed. My wife and he looked so exotic and 
passionate in each other's arms, as their contrasting skin 
hues added to the lusty sight before me. 
	Steve and I knew each other.  I've eaten his cum from 
her pussy numerous times as well as sucked his big dick for 
her.
	As I went about my chores, I thought constantly about 
Steve and my wife. I guess I knew it would come to this, but 
didn't want to admit to the fact that she would have a black 
baby for us. I was horrified at the thought of bringing the 
baby to church and feeling the stares of our neighbors and 
friends.  They already think I'm the lowest level of a wimp. 
This will only serve to validate it.
	Even though my mind is walking through all the abject 
humiliation I'm certain to face, my prick is stiff as a 
fireplace poker.
	After reading our daughter her bedtime story and 
tucking her in, I relaxed a bit with a stiff drink.  I 
decided to call mom.
	"I thought you'd be calling me sweetie . Yes she told 
us." Mom told me in an upbeat un-surprised tone of voice.
	"B-But mother, d-do you know what'd be like for me to 
claim I'm the father?  W-Why I-I'd l-look like the b-biggest 
fool."
	"I understand dear. You know how she likes to tease you 
a bit from time to time.  But she thinks telling the truth 
might be the best thing."
	"T-The truth?"
	"Yes! We'd have the pastor announce in church that due 
to problems at home Betty yielded to temptation, strayed, 
and got pregnant from her black lover. But you, the loving 
devoted husband, very much in love with her, would not hear 
of an abortion, forgave her, and accepted the child as your 
own."
	Quietly, I thought about it.  `I may even come out of 
this as a respected cuckold', I thought to myself.
	Mother and I talked a while longer before hanging up.  
My mind was still reeling.  I knew the scenario she'd 
painted more than likely would be the way things pan out, 
especially since it involved the Reverend.  
	If the past was any indication, I knew after she's 
confirmed her impregnation, the Reverend would be by to "pray"
 with her in 
our bedroom.  He always makes sure I'm home for these 
"prayers".
	Afterwards he seems to relish telling me to "tend to my 
wife". As he's leaving or playing with our the kids, I go 
suck up his lusty mess. My wife is always in seventh heaven 
when I do this. I guess that's really what counts.
	The Reverend was also a prime influence in my wife's 
and our mother's decision to use corporal punishment to 
"keep me in line".
	Here's what happened one time. The women thought I was a bit too 
outspoken and "sassy" to my wife about her not spending much 
time with me, as compared to the time she spent with her 
lovers and their friends.
	My wife accused me of being uncooperative and 
juvenile.
	"Maybe you need to be taught a good lesson about your 
proper place young man!" Mother stated authoritatively.
	"I agree!  Victor, you just seem to be creating 
unnecessary turmoil. If you're going to be childish, maybe 
you need to be treated like one. Maybe you need a little 
thrashing to help you remember your place". My Mom-in-law 
added.
	The idea caught like wildfire.  Before I knew what 
happened, they had agreed that I would be given 15 strokes 
of the cane after dinner after I put the baby to bed. This 
happened about 7 months after our first child  was born -    
Charlie's baby, remember?
	I saw in their collective eyes they were dead serious. 
I meekly and quietly completed serving dinner.
	As I was bathing and preparing the baby for bed, mother 
went home to her house and returned with the short whippy 
cane she'd used on me frequently in my youth.
	As I walked down the stairs, all three were taking 
turns practicing using the awesome instrument, whose sting I 
was rather familiar with.  At 27 I didn't want to experience 
such a thing again.  I ran out with only car keys and drove 
to the Church. I was in luck, the Reverend greeted me. "My 
son, whatever is the matter."
	I told him the situation.
	"I was just coming by your place.  I was feeling the 
need to come by and pray with your wife". He said with a 
snide smile.  "C'mon, lets go back, I'm sure I can 
straighten this matter out to everybody's satisfaction." 
	He inspired confidence in me as he spoke and patted me 
on the back.
When we arrived, my wife was expecting the Reverend. 
However, all three women were furious at me for running 
away.  I was accused of not being "man enough" to take my 
punishment.
I stood behind the Reverend as the three stated their 
accusations.  I had faith they would listen to the minister 
and that he would save me from what they had planned for me. 
Was I wrong.
"Victor, is it true what they say?" He inquired.
"Well sir, I-I did say that s-she could at least spend 
one night home with me this week.  I-I didn't mean to sound 
brash o-or angry.  I-It just came out the wrong way.  I-I'm 
sorry Betty." I said apologetically.
"It's a bit late for that.  It's going to take a lot 
more than that to atone for what you did."  My wife said as 
she swung the cane though the air with a swishing noise. A 
chill of terror ran down ran down my back as I shuddered.
"Victor, remember when you were told that you would 
have to make sacrifices to be the husband it took to help 
your wife fulfill her needs expected in a marital union, and 
for which you were unable to provide?"
"Y-Yes sir." I replied meekly.
"Well then, it just looks like you forgot, that's all.  
Am I right son?"
"Y-Yes sir."
"And you don't want to forget that again do you?"
"Oh!  N-No Sir." I replied quickly hoping he'd found a 
way out for me.	
"Well then, what the women want to do is to make sure 
you don't forget again.  And since you want the same thing, 
I see no reason why you shouldn't accept the little reminder 
they want to give you.  I think it will definitely help your 
memory."
By the time I'd figured out I'd been duped and 
outfoxed, he and the three women were leading me the 
basement.
Mother had one hand and he the other.  The were both 
too strong for me. They literally carried me down the 
stairs.  I pleaded and begged.  My wife warned me it would 
be even worse if I woke the baby.
As the minister held me down across a cot with my face 
buried in a pillow to muffle my screams, my wife and our 
moms each took their turns on my quivering grating naked ass 
cheeks.  All I remember was "SWISH!"  "CRACK" and the 
feeling of fire wherever the slender rod impacted. This 
happened 18 times.
When all was satisfied that I'd been punished properly 
I was allowed to stand and thank the Reverend and my three 
smiling inquisitioners.  I was sobbing profusely with  tears 
raining down my face.  I begged for forgiveness and thanked 
them almost simultaneously. The other most embarrassing 
thing was the raging erection I had.  Everyone noticed it 
and commented how I too agreed with my punishment. At that 
moment I wanted to crawl in a hole and bury myself.
As my wife led the Reverend to our bedroom, our moms 
removed their dresses and panties and had me pay oral homage 
to their very moist hairy cunts.
After I'd gotten both of them off several times, mother 
then had me come over her knees and administered ointment on 
my ravaged backside. Even though the ointment was soothing, 
the mere application of it was also painful.  I knew I'd be 
feeling the effects of my whippings for days to come.  The 
welts were just so pronounced.
"You won't be forgetting your place anytime soon will 
you baby?" She said with a slight chuckle.
"N-No ma'am". I replied in a docile and tame manner.	
Every since that first time, it has been about every 
six months or so the three women find some excuse to cane 
me. I seem to sense when my whipping is coming.  No matter 
how careful I am in doing the household chores or anything 
else, I end up getting severely punished.  I've just come to 
accepting this as something the three of them get turned on 
doing, and that I'm their vehicle to get their jollies.
I accidentally came to this conclusion after finding a 
book at mother's when my wife loaned me out to her to  
thoroughly clean her place. A WOMAN'S BOOK: THE PLEASURES OF 
SEEING WEAK MALES HUMILIATED AND PUNISHED was the title. 
Everything fell into place.  I now knew why mom seem to 
delight in my emotional and physical humiliation. The worse 
part were notes in the book that confirmed that I was 
masochistic and that she was just being the good mother to 
give me what I needed. I wept, but secretly knew she was 
right.

CHAPTER 5: OUR THIRD CHILD

	Just as mother had said, the scenario she'd explained 
10 months before, was the one that played out.  Our 
beautiful black baby son was christened by the Reverend 
after he announced the scheme to the congregation.
	I was surprised at how many people gave us well wishes 
and congratulated me on being the man I was.  My wife was 
also praised for her courage.  It was really the first time 
I've felt respect by our neighbors, even though I realize 
they still laugh at me and secretly say what a milquetoast 
cuckold wimp I am.
	My wife has let me know that there will probably be no more 
kids.  However, she is still stepping out to fulfill the 
needs my tongue can't provide her.  I of course do the 
babysitting, house hold chores and faithfully wait for her whenever
she returns, and continue to do whatever it takes to maintain the 
household and keep my marriage together. 

THE END


Comments or future story ideas: Contact C.D.E.at ccwriter@hotmail.com	
	 
	
	
