TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright  MAR 2010 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for profit.
This story may be freely distributed for personal use with this
notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(Cuck, M+/F, MM, MF, Incest, Impreg, FemDom, MDom)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ THIS
STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A
FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE
GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY
MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY
THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES MALE
LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Title: Saga of A Phantomville Relationship
Author: C.D.E.
STORY# 2010-05

CAST:
Sam - Husband
Pam - Sam's Wife
Pam's Dad  Mr. Smith
Pam's Mother - Mother Smith


	My name is Sam and my wife's name is Pam.  We have been married
for over 15 years now.

	We live in a town called Phantomville.  It is a lovely place and
has a rich history of sexual liberalism.

	When we first met, Pam was a very beautiful woman, and still is.
 She has hazel eyes, is a brunette, and has a classic hour glass
figure, despite the number of babies she's had.  To say she is
attractive is an understatement.  She is simply voluptuous.

	Other men have always been after her and that is something I've
had to deal with from the time we first met and throughout our
marriage.

	I was smitten with her from the first time I met her.

	To my utter surprise, she seemed to take to me also.  I say that
because compared to the brawny tall handsome guys she was dating
at the time, I was a short unassuming, nerdy, and no where near
handsome, guy.

	She seemed to like it even more that I was a virgin also.  We
grew closer and eventually became engaged.  It was then that  she
got me to commit to save my virginity for her until we wed.

	We were both 22 at the the time.

	Because I had never had such a beautiful girl who thought so
much of me, I promised her I would.  Along with that promise was
my sworn commitment that I would save myself for her and would
only have sex by masturbating myself for relief, until we were
married.

	The commitment was sort of a moot point.  I say that because one
of the reason it was easy for me to promise her I would stay
celibate is that my family, really my mother, has had me wearing
one of those electronic male chastity devices since puberty.  It
was mother's wish that I also marry a virgin.

	Generally, a family desires for their daughters to marry as
virgins, never their sons.  But my mother, who is a bit bossy, as
well as dominant, made the decision, over my father's objections,
that I was to be an exception.

	Dad could never stand up to mother, and always ended up
conceding to her demands.

	The only good thing about wearing the rather small but effective
device was that it was barely noticeable and the control it
exerted was by through small, but effective, electrical shocks
that got my attention if I tried to tamper with it or stroke my
erection.

	Mother did let me masturbate on a fairly regular schedule, but
my 'fluid releases'  her words  were always under her strict
supervision.

	Since mother really liked Pam, and thought she was the right
girl for me, she let her have the pass word to, my
under-lock-and-key genitals.

	Pam wanted a June wedding, which meant that for more than 10
months, I'd have to wait before I could have intercourse with the
girl of my dream.  In the mean time, I would have to pull myself
off when I needed relief.

	Pam loved the idea of having her fiance's cock and balls under
control.  And she was very thrilled observing and supervising me
jerking off.  I was already accustomed to mom's oversight, so it
wasn't that difficult adapting to Pam watching me.

	Since Pam was not a virgin, and had been having sex frequently
with several of her tall brawny handsome men friends  now and
while we were going steady. She and her family decided that she
would continue to do so.

	I was a little bit upset about this, but Pam assured me that it
was just sex with them and that she and I had a truly loving and
emotional soul mate relationship.  That made me feel much better
about the whole situation of her being free to fuck around and me
having to be faithful and only able to masturbate  that is, when
she or mother permitted me.

	Pam was also having intercourse on a routine basis with her dad
too, who was also  tall muscular and handsome.  I learned that
her mom was okay with them doing that since her dad needed sex
fairly frequently.

	And as I learned from the family, sex between adult family
members was not unlawful in Phantomville.

	It was Pam's dad who insisted that I watch them have sex.  I say
watch, but he actually had me participate too.  He ordered me to
make sure Pam's pussy was well lubricated for his big dick.  I
was directed to lick her snatch slit  something I'd never done
before meeting her.  She taught me how to lick her pretty pussy.

	Even though her dad insisted I do so, it always seemed
unnecessary, as she was always naturally wet and ready without my
tongue action, but nevertheless he insisted, and I did as I was
told.

	He also demanded I lick and wet the head of his blood gorged
dick head before guiding his lengthy magnificent cock into her
juicy hairy gash.

	I learned a lot about sex from Watching Pam and her dad have
sex.

	Her dad would also have me hold his big balls as they fucked. 
Over time, he next had me lick his balls also as they were
coupled.

	Then sometime later, well actually maybe the third time I was
with them  when they had sex, it was Pam's idea for me to be on
my back, face up, underneath their coupled genitals, as they
vigorous fucked doggy style.

	I have to admit, it was quite an education from that vantage
point. I got to see everything, even if it I got splattered with
the slimy fluids of their heated coupling.  Also Pam's dad's
loosely hanging big hairy balls were constantly bouncing all over
my face.  However, I must admit this position made it easier for
me to lick and suck on his soft nut sac as he desired and
demanded of me.

	In addition, after her dad would ejaculate in her and pull out
of her now sloppy leaking gash, he would just guide his softened
slimy dick right into my mouth for a quick clean up.

	Of course when he would pull out, there would be the splatter of
large slimy globs falling on my nose and mouth.

	And then since I was already in place, Pam would lower her messy
oozing cunt right over my mouth for me to suck her clean of her
dad's very copious and thick cum load.

	I guess I was too surprised as well as too timid, or simply too
intimidated to refuse them.  And the other odd thing, while I
should have perceived that something such as this was a really
nasty thing to do, but because it was Pam and Her dad doing this,
in my mind it seemed that I shouldn't resist but do as I was
told.

	Sucking Pam's cunt clean after she had sex with her dad was
something he insisted I do.  I gave no argument, since he had
such an authoritative air about him and as I said, he easily
intimidated me anyway.

	And to my surprise, the taste of her dad's slimy dick, and her
even slimier, gooey oozing cunt, was not that unpleasant.

	Pam always seemed very pleased at my submissive sheepish
response to her dad's demands when they had sex and I was a
coerced participant.

	One night after he gave his daughter a rousing session of
coitus, Pam's dad said to me "Sam, my boy, you do a mighty fine
job of cleaning up after a good fuck.  Plus I like the way you
licked and sucked my dick clean."

	I said nothing but blushed deeply as I was wiping my face clean
from it being coated from my cleaning Pam's messy muff.

	Pam's dad continued speaking.

	"Pam, you ought get him to suck your sloppy pussy after your
other studs fuck you.  I think he's ready.

	Yes daddy, I think so too.  And I certainly will let him eat my
creamy hair pie out when my men friends fuck me.

	Why of course he should, after all she is Sam's girl and who
else should suck some other man's sperm out of her other than
him. Interjected Pam's mother, who often watched her husband
fuck his daughter, while I participated.

	For some reason, I'd never thought of being a clean up cunt
sucker for Pam's other men friends.  So I was completely
speechless when that subject was not only brought up but seemed
to be approved and decided all without any consent on my part.

	Pam's dad went on to tell me in candid terms that he thought it
was best for a "little dick" fellow like me to be good at "eating
creamy pussy" so as to give Pam what my 'bird size dick' couldn't
do.

	Before Pam and I left to go see a movie, her dad let me know
that he wanted to teach me how to suck his dick off all the way,
to completion that is, and be good at milking his dick too.

	Pam responded to the puzzled look on my face by saying,"Milking
is slowly sucking his dick to get out the last bits of ball
cream.

	Pam and I left for the movies.

	"Oh Sam, it would mean so much to me for you to do for me and
the guys what you did when daddy and I fucked.  It felt so good
when you suck his cum out of my pussy".  Said Pam as we drove
along.

	I let her know that I thought it was one thing to do what I did
for her and her dad, but that doing it for her other studs would
make me seem even more unmanly.

	"Sam darling, remember what daddy told you about that?"

	"Uh-uh, o-okay, Pam I-I have to admit he's right.  I-I'm not as
m-much of a man t-that can satisfy you as y-you're use to being
with.  B-But I-I just d-don't... w-well it-it's just the
principal of p-putting my m-mouth o-on your other men's c-cocks
a-and eating their c-cum."

	"It would mean you really love me and show them that even though
you can't fuck me as good as they can, that you are a force to be
reckoned with, because you love me."  She replied.

	I had to admit to her that I never thought about it like that.

	Well, since Pam made such a strong case for me being her cunt
cleaner and why it would send the right signal to the men that
she used just for sex relief, I half heartedly agreed to do as
she desired of me.  It made her so happy to hear my acquiescence
to her.

	It made me happy to hear her happy, even if I had a sort of bad
feeling of what her happiness was doing to my dignity as a man.

	And Pam also pressed on until I reluctantly committed to her
that I would at least suck him off to completion once just to see
what it was like.  I reiterated to her that I was doing so only
because of my respect for her dad and my love for her.

	"I know you do Sam darling, and I love you very much to darling.
 And Sam, just as daddy said, it will do you a world of good to
taste his fresh jism as well as the cum of all the guys I fuck,
dripping out of my pussy right into your sucking lips.  I know
you like the taste of me that way, so don't try to lie to me." 
She said with a smug smile.

	It seemed as if she was looking right through me, so I knew I
had to be honest with her.  Therefore, I confessed to her that
her cum filled jism drenched slimy pussy was savory after her dad
fucked her.

	"Thanks honey.  And don't you worry, you'll like my frothy soupy
snatch just as much after my other real men fuck me too."  She
replied.

	As we neared the theater, she told she was so thrilled about me
agreeing becoming a full fledged cocksucker and that she was also
excited that I would be eating a lot of her studs' sperm from her
wet used snatch.

	The movie was okay. Afterwards we got a snack and headed back to
her house.

	All this time we talked about our relationship.  It became
readily apparent to me that Pam would continue to have her real
men in our relationship, probably even after we were married and
that it was best for me to get adjusted to that.

	Six months later, this became very clear to me that I had been
correct. Because by then, not only had I come to know all 15 of
her regular fuck buddies, but had sucked and tasted their semen
from her frequently fucked cunt many times, as well as sucked all
their dicks.

	Many times as part of their foreplay, and after-play too, as
well to completion, many times when they couldn't find her to
shoot off their hot sticky pent up cum into.  They often looked
me up to get blow jobs on demand.

	I have to say, I have become quite accustomed to the taste of
cum, both freshly spurted from dicks as well as that deposited
deeply in Pam's frequently sought after pussy.

	Pam's dad, who instructed me on the art of sucking and milking
dicks, was very pleased at my progress and skill under his direct
training and tutelage.

	Out of respect for him, I had originally only planned to do him
just that one time. And in an attempt to retain what I thought
would be some of my manly dignity, I had planned to tell him that
I was not going t do it again.

	However, he was too smart for me.  He had me undress to suck him
off and secretly made a video of the the entire scene - from
start to finish.  The video showed my smallish prick getting very
erect and staying that way the entire time my mouth was laving,
sucking and lapping his very handsome cock and balls.

	You see, for a very long time, I sort of couldn't help admiring
cocks of size.  And with me lately getting so acclimated to the
slimy creamy taste of spent jism, I knew I had a weak case for
resisting what was being demanded of me to taste fresh jism, but
I tried anyway.

	The next time he asked me to suck his dick I politely refused
and that's when he showed me his video proof that even if I
didn't like sucking his dick, my body did.  From that time on, he
never took me saying no to him, and eventually - well by the
third time, I just gave up trying to refuse him.  My mouth became
a regular place for him to ejaculate into - often with Pam and
her mother watching me get mouth fucked and take and swallow his
copious loads.

	Pam and her mom both told me I looked so "cute" swallowing
freshly spurting jism.  And they were both amazed and praised me
for not getting choked and gagging when that big dick was stuck
so far to the back of my throat and was ejaculating.

	Pam took several pictures, and some videos too, of me sucking
her dad off when he was training me to be a cocksucker.  At first
I was thoroughly ashamed of her doing that, but since her dad
wanted her to do it, there was nothing I could do about it,
except get use to it. I did.


MOTHER SMITH AND I TALK

	One time when Pam's mother and I were drinking coffee, while Pam
was upstairs getting ready for our date, she placed her hand on
mine warmly and spoke to me.

	"Sam, Pam is so fortunate to have found a nice boy like you for
her future husband. It's not easy for a wanton slut like my
daughter to find such wonderful husband material as you.  Your
wonderful mother really raised you right.  You're such a nice
mama's boy and so well molly coddled and obedient too, not to
mention being good at domestic chores and cooking too.

	"Why my husband raved last week about the delicious meal you
cooked him last Friday night when he came over to spend some time
in bed with you.  He said you  fed him a great meal and then you
fondled and sucked his balls and dick and then you gave him a
great fuck as he plowed your ass with his member and busted his
nuts real good in your sweet bottom.  He really is proud to have
a sissy bitch boy like you as a son-in-law."

	"T-Thank you ma'am, mother did teach me well.  A-And I-I really
respect your husband... A-And am glad he showed me t-that I-I
would like h-having dicks in my mouth a-and taking in m-my bottom
a-and having sex l-like a woman.  I-It's nice being under him
a-and being shagged by him a-and to feel him thrusting his
h-handsome dick in me.  A-And I just love milking his dick after
he fucks me.  I-I know it-it's a-a bit perverted, but mother says
it's good to do that to show him my gratitude."

	"She is so right, and here in Phantomville, you can take that
word 'perverted' out of your language.  As you said, you were
showing him your gratitude for him fucking a pantywaist pussy
whipped wimp like you.  That's all."

	Y-Yes ma'am, I-I see.  T-That's good to know.  I-I'll have to
remember that.

	"You do that Sam and not let it bother your conscious in the
least. And another thing Sam, it's so wonderful that you'll stick
your tongue in Pam's pussy that's been fucked by a dozen horny
men and be perfectly content  to suck out all their slimy
deposits and lap her fuck hole and bush clean.  And then if she's
too tired or just is not in the mood for you, and if she permits
you, you'll take out your straining throbbing little prick and
gladly beat your meat for the woman you love and not think bad
about it will you?"

	"Oh no, for I know that it's her pleasure and satisfaction that
is important.  I do what she needs me to do, because I don't want
her to think I'm selfish."

	"And you're not dear, you're one of the nicest and sweetest
pantywaist pussy whipped husbands a girl could want.  I think it
so great that you don't mind being a door mat, put down, walked
on, belittled and ridiculed by my daughter.  And I just love the
way you take the whippings she gives you, that really make feel
very proud to have a son-in-law who is spineless and masochistic
and lets his wife bruise and blister his naked ass when she has
the urge to punish you.  And all you do is accept it without
question.  You are amazing Sam, simply amazing."

	"T-Thank y-you very much for those k-kind compliments Mother
Smith. Y-You're making me blush. I-I try very hard to please Pam
and to do what makes and keeps her happy.  Getting whipped is a-a
little tough a-and it hurts, b-but k-knowing that she wants me
to-to suffer for h-her does really make it seem worthwhile to
endure the pain."

	"You are a brave husband Sam, and a very dedicated one too.  By
the way, when is the last time she's let you put your little
thing in her very popular pussy?"

	"I-It's been about 8 months.  S-She's been s-so busy putting
o-out for h-her real men c-cause they a-are always so horny,
s-she doesn't seem have much free time for me.  I-I understand
her being so tired after being fucked so much."

	"It's so remarkable that you're satisfied to repeatedly put your
face in her slimy sloppy fucked hairy crotch and mouth clean her
up to her heart's content, and then be satisfied beating your
meat for her to watch you do it."

	"I's not that bad, I know she likes seeing me do it, s-so that's
important to me too."

	"As it should be Sam, as it should be for a loving husband.  And
when she does let you have some, do you still have to wear a
rubber, like you have for the whole of your marriage?"

	"Oh yes ma'am.  That's one of her basic rules.  She adores me
wearing a rubber, even though she doesn't require any of the men
that fuck her to wear them.  She sees it as insult to ask her
real men to wrap their fine dicks in latex.  She thinks it's a
husband's job to worry about her stud's sperm in her pussy.  All
she wants her real men to do is fuck her and fill her and let
their hot abundant sperm gusher and spew with abandon."

	"Sam, it is so commendable that you signed a pre-nup agreement
taking full responsibility and relieving any men that fucks your
wife of paternity liability, and that you will accept any child
she delivers as legally yours.  And further more, that  you will
provide and care for them as your own, without question."

	"T-Thank you again Mother smith f-for your kind words.  I-I
understand t-that my wife h-has her needs, t-that is to feel
h-her cunt flooded with her real men's plentiful semen.  S-So
just as s-she got me to see, a-and s-so did mother, t-that as her
husband, what truer demonstration of love than to commit in
writing that I'm serious about keeping her my wife a-and making
this m-marriage work, regardless of whether h-her real men f-fuck
her a-and even may inseminate her."

	"Well said Sam, and again, extremely commendable.  And I must
praise you for doing what few men would do for the love of their
women, that is, suck the dicks of not only the men fucking her,
but strangers too, to help provide for his sluttish wife and the
many children she's has by her other men - her so called real
men."

	"I don't really deserve a lot of praise for that mother Smith,
if anything I should praise Mr. Smith for the potential he saw in
me to be a good dick sucker and to train me to be so skillful at
taking large dicks in my mouth and to draw out their hot tasty
semen to swallow. And I also must thank him for training me to
have intercourse with horny men so they could have pleasure from
my ass pussy.  And I just adore men asking me for pussy.  And as
far as me making money with my mouth and ass cunt, I just see
that as being a responsible husband and trying to be a good
provider for my family."

	"Even if someone says you're just a fag cock whore?"

	"Mother Smith,  it's honest work, and it gives me satisfaction
giving satisfaction to men who have a hard problem for which they
are willing to pay me to resolve.  And I just love taking the
creamy gooey solutions they spurt in me."


 REFLECTIONS ON MY FATHER-IN-LAW

	It was about 5 or 6 years into our marriage, when one Saturday
afternoon that Pam's mom called and asked if I could come over
and babysit her husband's cock as he watched the afternoon
football game, as she was going out for a long while.

	You see reader, as I mentioned earlier, Pam's dad has a rather
prodigious sexual appetite, and likes for someone around to
fondle or suck on his admirable member when he's watching TV,
especially sports games.

	I've done it on several occasions, so I'm not a stranger to
knowing his needs.

	After arriving and greeting him, he soon directed me to my
position on the floor before him and his exposed genitals.  I
began doing what I know he wanted me to do for the next few hours
- fondling, licking, and suckling his dick meat and hairy balls.

	Several times he has me wear lacy panties, a sexy camisole, a
frilly garter belt and pink or lavender fishnet nylons.

	As you readers know by now, it was really Pam's dad that
introduced me to cock cleaning, cunt cleaning, and cocksucking,
as well as helping me to gain an appreciation of being an overall
cock handler, dick taker, and cum sucker.
	
	All in all, I have to say, I respect her dad very much, even if
he tends to be very authoritative, and well, dictatorial,
especially with me.

	He easily intimidated me at every turn, but yet made me see and
even feel that it was right and natural for him to do so, since,
in his words, I was a "pipsqueak" or a "pantywaist" and not a
real man as he was.  And I might add, as the men that Pam was
always putting out for.

	He always reminded me that a real man wouldn't lick dicks, suck
his girl's used pussy, especially after it was fucked by somebody
else, or get along so well eating jism.

	He constantly made me feel embarrassed and inadequate as a man,
but yet had a way of doing so such that it was so natural for him
to put me down as well as for me to accept such derogatory
humiliation and be comfortable with him doing so.

	The truth of the matter is that I never lost any respect for him
for his ridiculing treatment of me, but actually appreciated him
more for the man he was.

	In the same way, I never lost any love for Pam either, despite
all that she has collaborated, or maybe even colluded with her
family that she has subjugated me too.  And in the same way, my
love has actually grown for Pam the more challenges I over come
that she subjects me to.

	Having her love, as unorthodox as it may be by other's
standards, is something I treasure, even if I have to pay the
price  do.

	Pam's dad, Mr. Smith, has such a way about him that he easily
influences you to do things that you probably wouldn't normally
do.  Pam also seems to have gotten some of this personality
attribute from her dad also.

	Take for instance the time that Pam and her dad came over to my
house to have dinner with me, my mother and my dad.

	During the course of conversations, the sexual activities
between Pam and I, as well Pam's dad and her was openly
discussed.

	My mom and dad were totally embarrassed and not accustomed to
such
talk.  Yet, Pam's dad got me to agree with him that he was indeed
a mentor to me and that it was very beneficial for him to train
me to be a cocksucking, cum sucking, cuckold future husband for
Pam.

	"And Sam can really suck my pussy clean of the thick frothy goo
my men
shoot off.  And as much as I like to fuck, no matter if it's one
guy or a gang bang, your son has been such a darling by going
down on me and cleaning up the mess with his wonderful mouth." 
Pam said addressing my mom.

	"And he does a great job as a pussy for me and my buddies' dicks
too.  He's learning to be a top notch cocksucker."  Pam's dad
injected in the conversation.

	My dad, who is mild mannered and unassuming as I am, was beet
red as he blushed from hearing such talk at our dinner table.

	Mother, on the other hand seemed extremely interested in all
that was being discussed and proudly agreed with Pam that
masturbation was proper for me and that she had encouraged me to
"jack off" in my teen years for relief and to not get girls in
trouble.

	I was so embarrassed when mother revealed that she had even
given me a hand job on occasion, and frequently made me jerk off
in her presence so that she could be sure that I had gotten "some
of the fire out of my system" so to speak, before I went on a
date.

	Again, both dad and I were flushed red in the face from the
discussion that was taking place.

	Mother showed very strong support to Pam's desire that I remain
a virgin until our wedding night.

	"And there is no reason why my baby can't continue to pull his
peter until then."  Mother added in a firm tone.	

	"And I think it's so wonderful of you to mentor him for his
future role as a cuckold husband and for broadening his sex
education."  Mother said as she addressed Pam's dad.

	"And Sam, I'm very proud that you've become a skilled cocksucker
and cunt sucker and are agreeable with the taste of jism.  I
guess I've always knew you were a bit girlish and am delighted
that you are about to marry into a family and become the kind of
son-in-law they desire and the type of husband Pam needs." 
Mother added.

	Pam's dad it truly amazing,  I say that because as the evening
wore on, Pam's dad seduced mother right in front of dad.  With
his masterful almost hypnotic control, he had us all undress and
watch as he had a long and sloppy session of intercourse with my
mother.

	Dad was truly offended, but like me, was also easily
intimidated.  He obediently sat down where Pam's dad had ordered
him to.

	Pam and I sat nearby and she handled my cock as I caressed and
fingered her moist muff.  As The session went on, she had me go
down on her.  Which I was happy to do.  It had been a while since
I had mouthed her muff when it wasn't flooded with her dad's or
one of her real men's semen.  While I had grown fond of sperm
flavored pussy, having it straight and hot was also good too.

	About midway through their fuck session, Pam's dad had my dad
come over and hold his balls, as mother continued getting a royal
fucking, which apparently she was enjoying very much.  She too
joined in welcoming dad to hold the balls of a "real man" - her
words.

	Dad did as he was told, but he was deeply flushed with shame.

	After Pam's dad had gotten off twice in mother, he called me
over to mouth clean his very slimy dick.

	He then directed dad to mouth clean the frothy oozing mess that
was mother's hairy crotch.

	Dad seemed alarmed and even stood as if to show defiance.  It
was then that mother spoke.

	"Stop standing there looking foolish.  You already suck my pussy
a lot. The only difference now is that it's got the spend of a
real man in it.  So get over here and do as the man has told you,
otherwise I'll cut you off and you'll get no pussy for weeks. 
Plus I'll beat your ass too!"  Mother shouted in an irritated
tone of voice.

	Dad knew what he had to do and sheepishly did so.  With an
obvious broken spirit after such a strong put down by his wife. 
Without a word in response, he went over, knelt, looked hard at
the slimy gloppy mess before his face, sighed noticeably, and
gingerly stuck his tongue and gingerly began licking up some of
the abundant gooey pussy fuck gunk.

	"Go on dad, it-it's not so bad once you get into doing it."  I
said as I pulled my mouth briefly away from Pam's dad's hairy
balls.

	"Heed your son's words dear, as I'm going to be fucking more big
dick real men from now on, you might as well get use to doing
clean up to show me that you love me while I share my pussy with
other men, "REAL MEN"."

	I heard another sigh from dad before mother pulled his face
closer and tightly to her drippy messy hairy snatch and closed
her legs around his head.

	I could sense that dad knew that he had no choice in the matter,
since he knew it was no use in trying to change mother's mind if
she set her mind to doing something.  He knew he would just have
to adjust and make the best of it all.

	After than evening, Pam's dad arranged for many men to visit
mother for sex.  Mother gladly accommodated them all, including
groups of as many as 10 men who she delighted in permitting them
to pull a train on her.

	Mother became Pam's dad's whore, and dad resigned himself to
doing whatever was required of him to stay in favor with mom, the
woman he loved dearly.

	Pam's dad trained my dad as he had me, and in a relatively short
time, dad  also became a skilled cocksucker.  And over time, like
me, dad also came to enjoying being ass fucked when it was
required of him by horny men.

	Both mother and Pam were very pleased that he and I were very
comfortable and well adjusted to being "Pussies" for men's
throbbing hard dicks.

	Even though I was Pam's husband, I was also a sissy whore for
Pam's dad when he desired it of me.

	In fact when Mr. Smith would send men over to fuck mother and
dad, he always had dad bring the money that the Johns left back
to him personally.

	Before Dad was fully whoring for Pam's dad too, he was so
ashamed and embarrassed to have to bring over the whoring profits
of his wife and handing it all over to Pam's dad. Many times, in
addition to dropping off the proceeds, my dad had to drop to his
knees and suck Pam's dad's dick in front of other Smith family
relatives.  It was only after dad had sucked out and swallowed
Pam's dad's heavy thick load of hot jism, would he be given he
and mother's 25% share of their whorish earnings.

	Mother was thrilled to be getting whatever pay Pam's dad sent
her, as she often said she was already paid many times over by
the wonderful fuckings she was getting.  Over time, dad came
around to that same conclusion, as he got to delight in being an
a willing and eager recipient of many hard dicks that fucked his
face and ass.
	
EPILOGUE

	Pam and I have 8 kids now.  The first 1st was by her dad.  Her
dad's 'grandson/son' favors him strongly.  None of our other
children are biologically mine, but the products of her fucking
her real men - many of whom I've sucked off and been fucked by
too.

###END###	

COMMENTS:  ccwriter@hotmail.com		

		

	

	


	 
