Looking around the bar that evening, there was not one person in the place I had not seen a dozen times before and none whose name I did not know. 
Some of them, I knew much too well.

Janice sitting next to me was using my patient ear to bad mouth the latest of her endless list of lovers. I blessed my lucky stars that I was not on that list although sometimes I thought it would be a good way to shut her up. 
Have her, jilt her and then I could ignore her as did all of her former lovers.

Still; She wasn't a bad person but once she was involved with someone she became completely possessive and clutching. She was a girl, you'd casually sleep with on Saturday night only to find her show up unannounced at your work on Monday to go to lunch.
In this small town , where gossip was always the only important news, with only one small gay bar catering to women inclined to seek out women as intimate friends. 
A girl like Janice with little discretion was a social disaster to anyone not officially out of the closet.

Still; listening to her tirade of former lovers was at least a way to pass the time.


A gust of cold wind chilled my arms and I turned to see four women had entered the bar, giggling as they dusted snow off their coats and hair.
The giggles alone announced them as strangers to the place and probably the lifestyle. Many of the clientele here were very discreet and others bitter and hard to life's ways.
Giggles were not common.


The foursome was chatty as they shed their coats and swarmed into a booth facing the small dance stage.

I watched as Teresa hurried over to take their drink orders, every eye in the place following her young body in motion. As the daughter of the owner she was everyone's favorite eye candy   and barring the new arrivals, the only straight female in the room . Her old world bred, Greek father  kept a close eye on her and no one dared to make a move on her for fear of being barred . 
A terrible fate to think on , in this one horse town.

The entrance of a group of straight women into this twilight world was not uncommon, a few too many drinks, liquid courage burning in slim bellies, combined with a few dares thrown around and simple curiosity.  Brought many such small groups to gawk at the patrons.
Normally they were hostilely starred down and the room's chilly mood toward them would quickly force them back out into the night. 


But not tonight, the owner had hired a Spanish band backed up by a Latin DJ and an air of excitement filled the room. Most  had dressed up for the occasion. The room was filled with senoritas wearing flowing ruffled gowns topped with sparkling tiaras, matched by menfems in white silk blouses and jet black, high waist Spanish pants.

I even wore a gaucho hat and a small black loosened bowtie and if I do say so, looked positively handsomely masculine.

When the band struck up with  Macarena, squeals of delight filled the room. A mad rush ensued to get a spot on the small dance floor.  The tables started bouncing as the beat pounded out and the dancers synchronized  swaying of  hips threatened to bring down the walls.

I was not so taken by the music, however I admit I was throughly enjoying the view. 
Even re-evaluating  past partners,  err,   assets.


The new arrivals were also on the floor shaking up a storm one, two, three . . . ?
Where was the . . . oh there she was,  still sitting down at their table and glancing constantly at her watch.
It seems that one of the little group was a party pooper.

 
As I watched her, she looked around nervously. Obviously not comfortable with her surroundings. Still her dress gave her away. It was a tight fitting classic "little black dress" with fuck me' written all over it. It seemed though that it was attracting an audience she did not expect nor want to perform for.
 
Now normally I wouldn't have paid no never mind to a virgin, except this young women had the looks of Audrey Hepburn and I've always had a certain weakness for the type. 
Small, cute brunette,  oh so innocent , looking at least and I just loved the dress and it's message.


The music stopped but no one had the chance to sit down as  Lou Bega's  - Mambo # 5 starting hammering away. 


Picture this now, a room full of lesbians, hands over their heads wobbling, rocking,  singing out at the top of their lungs.

"A little bit of Monica in my life , a little bit of Erica by my side, a little bit of Rita's all I need, a little bit of Tina's what I see, a little bit of Sandra in the sun, a little bit of Mary all night long, a little bit of Jessica here I am, a little bit of YOU makes me your Man!"

Ya gotta love it!; Trust me, the words implications were not lost to anyone in the crowd and the single girl all alone in the booth was looking positively . . .terrified.


I was starting to get an itching urge for a little bit of something myself and called Teresa over and pointed out the girl asking her what she was drinking. She looked at me puzzled then smiled and told me. I ordered up a double of the girl's drink and one for me . When it arrived I got up and wandered over to the girls table, plopping  down right beside her. Placing the drink in front of her, I smiled.
I thought she was going to get up and run. She starred at me like a deer caught in a car's headlights. I loved it.

Motioning  my head towards the danced floor in silent question. She vigorously shook her's answer back no, so I sat and enjoyed my drink, ignoring her.

The music finished and her friends returned and asked her who I was but she was too flustered to answer so I introduced myself and asked them if they liked the music. Conversation about the band and Latin music and our favorite groups followed. My present seemed to bother no one except my target whose name I learned was Evonne.
Another tune kicked off and the table emptied again leaving me with my new friend . Not.

I again motioned her to the dance floor but she declined, then summoned her courage and asked me to leave, stating bluntly that I was not welcome here!
I turned to her, smiled and told her I would only leave once she had danced with me. Not before.

She advised me in no uncertain terms that, THAT frosty day in hell was never gonna arrive and sat there glaring at my silent smile.

Side by side we sat as  the band played "Hot Hot Hot",  finally she quickly stood up and said "come on then, ANYTHING to get rid of you!"

Her timing was impeccable, as we got on the dance floor the rapid Latin rhythm petered off and the slower strains of Jennifer Lopez singing Amor Se Paga  greeted us. 

I offered my arm but she shook her head. No  
"Not to this, Please, I can't dance to this."

"Sure you can, my dear, just follow me ."  I countered then gently took her arm, stepped her into my embrace and locked my eyes only to hers.  
               
Two slow  forward, stop, turn, three fast forward , twirl, . . . repeat.

Constantly pushing her resisting body against me as she frantically tries to backup and escape until finally she has the step pattern engraved in her mind as the only way to escape my heated body from constant touching brushes against her. We settle into a fast smooth motion moving two as one , my pleasure of embracing her now confined to my twirls of her in new directions to enhance glancing contact. 

For her a silent battle of avoidance, for me a subtle chess game of planned engagements. 

No one except me noticed that somewhere in the heat of battle, she surrendered.

To others, unnoticed by us, all they saw was a glorious intertwining of two bodies locked in silent embrace, flowing over the floor in harmonious beauty. 
When the music was finished we were both out of breath and surprised as we looked around to see us surrounded by a hooting crowd of admirers..
She was embarrassed and made to flee but I gripped her tightly and the DJ started to play "Smooth", an extended version. 

Evonne smiled and slid back into my arms and the band played on.

"Give me your heart make it real."

Dancing with her  became a  time lost dream of my lips kissing her hair , nibbling on her soft earlobes, nipping down her neck. Her sighs of pleasure, her nuzzling closer, her lips pressed to my chest encouraged my efforts.
Santana  flowed into a medley of  Domingos - Aquellos Ojos Verdes, Sabra Dios, Princesita. 

When the music finally stopped, for a while neither of us noticed.  Then embarrassed we made our way back to her table.


As we sat, her friends smiled but were gathering up their coats to leave.
One of them told my new friend to hurry up as they had a taxi waiting but I interjected and told them all to go without her and not wait for her.  Evonne would be going home with me.

In stunned surprise they all looked at her but Evonne just meekly smiled back at them and nodded yes and looked away.




She was shaking as I undressed her from excitement or nervous fear or  both I knew not which. 
No one could have been more gentle with her, although passion to process her surged though my veins.  
My caresses soothed, stilled her disquiet, awoke her passion. 
My lips tasted hers seeking, impelling compelling her response.
I picked her up and carried her to my bed fascinated by  her light slim body. 
Amazed at the power the adenine rush of lust gave my arms.
Covering her nakedness I slid in under the covers beside her and cuddled, kissed  her until her responses gave me the confidence to slip deep beneath the bedcovers on and explorative journey of her tiny heated body.  When her nipples stood upright, flushed and full from my sucking mouth and tongue's ministrations I slid lower down to her center. 
Her taste was sweet sweat and sweeter moisture of desire.  Sweetest of all were her moans and groans of delight.  
My hands stoked while my lips tongue sought out her folds and hidden nubs of flesh. Her hands grabbed my hair pushing me away ,then frantically  pulling me back into her loins. Her thighs gripped my head. pressing me into the place she wanted attended to. Flowing juices filled my hungry mouth as her cunt buckled repeatably on my mouth.
 
She came, hissing though quenched teeth in blissful orgasmic pleasure.

As I lapped at her leaking moisture she threw back the covers to down look on my face still planted between her thighs.
Raising my head from her succulent cunt, I licked my lips and smiled up at her. 
She smiled back and said 

"Do you ride as well as you dance?"

I nodded yes and she grinned and said 

"Later my darling man later for now you must eat and build your strength."

And giggling she drew the covers back over my head. 
I could just make our her words.

"Again  my gallant gaucho,  Please do it again."

As I dove to my feast, the band played on.

SafeWord
copywrit 2008


----------------------------------------

 
Well . . . I can see your darkened eyes,
across the room turn into lies
and laughter.

And asking for my name again
Then introduced as just . . . 
a friend.

It was no fantasy,
the passion burned, you touched me
and the evening turned
 to midnight.

I can't forget the naked trust ,
one quenchless night of shaking lust 
and Fire!


I . . . I want you
I want you
I want you
I    want   you!

Since that night I'm not the same.
Desire bleeds an ugly stain,
inside me.


Satisfaction never comes
it's always dark and yet still
I run.

Even when I close my eyes
you torture me with shameless sighs,
seduction.

And waking in a chilling sweat
Pounding heart inside my chest
I'm screaming.

I want you
I want you
I want you
I    want   you!


Oh with your heart in your fist
you laugh at my 
situation.

Tell me, is it blood that you want?
Well then take me, strip me and cut me
see . . .I'm bleeding.


I want you
I want you
I want you
I    want   you!


 - "I Want You"   - LYRICS - Copywrite  -  MELISSA ETHERIDGE 
