TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright  JANUARY 2010 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for profit.
This story may be freely distributed for personal use with this
notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(M+/F, MM, MF, Impreg, FemDom, MDom)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ THIS
STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A
FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE
GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY
MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY
THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES MALE
LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE


Title: My Boss Takes Over (A C.D.E. Hijacked Marriage Series)
Author: C.D.E.
Story # 2010-01

CAST:
Stanley - Husband
Sophie  Stanley's Wife
Sid Jackson- Stanley's Boss


	Today my wife has let me know that she is pregnant again.  This
will be our fifth child and fourth pregnancy since we've been
married 12 years ago.  My wife is joyous and looks radiant at the
news.

	I can't help but be happy for her, since I care for and love her
so.  And even though another child will add to our household
expenses, I'll just have to work longer hours at the part time
job I already have.

	I love all our kids, even though I'm not the real father of any
of them, including the one my wife Sophie is carrying at the
moment.

	You see, my boss Sid Jackson has taken literally taken over my
wife and made her his concubine and breeder.  Not only that, he
has virtually taken over our marriage too, including me.

	The wife and I were talking the other eve when she told me the
news.

	"H-Has the man no shame!"  I exclaimed loudly.

	"Now, now, honey there is no need in getting upset, it only
raises your blood pressure and is not constructive.  You just
have to accept you just weren't effective oral birth control and
weren't able to suck out all of Sid's abundant and virile cum. 
And in your defense darling, he is a heavy cummer.  You did what
you could, but you just didn't do your best.  So now we have
another addition to our family. Anyway, I've always wanted to
have a lot of children and getting knocked up by Sid is such
thrill."  Spoke my wife.

	"Oh, I know you're right Sophie, b-but sometimes it-it gets to
me h-how he's taken advantage of us."

	"I know you do Stanley, but like I always tell you, just take a
deep breath, exhale, and accept that
you are just too weak and not man enough to stand up to him, or
man enough to satisfy my pussy the way he does with his big dick.
 But honey, always remember, he can't and won't suck my pussy the
way you do. In fact, as even your own mom has told you, no real
man would. That is something I always want and need you to do for
me. Okay?"

	"O-Okay.  Sophie, y-you know I-I'm always happy to p-please you
with my mouth whenever you want me to.  A-And even before we got
married, y-you know I-I started sucking your other boyfriend's
jism out of your muff since you wanted me marry you a virgin. 
B-But because y-you were already sexually active, you needed to
have regular and frequent intercourse a-and..."

	"Yes Stanley darling I did.  And you were ever so sweet enough
to share the pleasure I experienced with the guys by tasting the
results of our fuck sessions.  You were so wonderful to prove
your love to me that way."

	"I-I didn't know what to do... I-I was so afraid of losing
you... a-and e-even though I-I was ashamed..."

	Please Stanley, lets not go there again.  I've told you many,
many times, you had nothing to be ashamed of.  I wanted you to
suck out and clean up the spend my other boyfriends deposited in
me.  Honey, I knew you were a nice, mild mannered mama's boy. 
You and I both knew you weak and didn't have it in you to be the
kind of man they were.  And I respected you for the timid
unassuming wuss you were.  As I've told you many times before, I
needed a husband who really loved me, nit just my pussy when
their dicks got hard, like my real men did.

	"And Stanley you've demonstrated that time and time again.  And
just like you didn't cause any confrontation or confusion between
me and my  studs back then, you've done an exceptional job
staying out of the way and letting Sid be the man of the house
that you could never be.  You know I can't help myself with his
arrogant and aggressive manner.  It just turns me on and makes me
putty in his hands.

	"And darling, I can understand your frustration at seeing him do
the things he does, especially making me have his babies for us
to raise and for you to work hard to provide for.  But this is
what it is, and you have to accept it, because he wants it that
way.  And you know you don't have it in you to confront him about
it all."

	"SIGH!  Y-You're right Sophie, I-I don't... A-and especially
since h-he's made me not only accept that you're basically his
woman a-and that h-he's made me his sex toy too."

	"As your own mom told you, it's natural for Alpha males to do
that.  And just like I told you, it was something you have to get
use to."

	"Y-Yes she did.  T-To my surprise, she was pleased w-when he had
me suck his cock and swallow his abundant load of hot slimy
sperm."

	"I was proud of you too honey.  It made my pussy so hot and wet
when you told me the first time you sucked his dick.  And later
when you let me know that Sid had sent you on an assignment and
that assignment was a place where they imprisoned you for a solid
week and taught you to be a very skilled cocksucker.  I thought
that was so wicked and underhanded on his part, but I couldn't
help but respect and admire what he had done to you to reinforce
that he was the top dog in this house."

	"SIGH!  I-I've learned over the years that you get a thrill out
of seeing him put me down a-and being openly s-subjugated."

	"I can't help it Stanley.  He's my real and the stud of this
family.  But, you're my husband and I love you more than I do
him, but in a different sort of way than my affection for him. 
But by now, you know that don't you darling."

	"SIGH! Y-Yes Sophie, I do."

	"By the way, Stanley, Sid wants another TNT picture of me.  So
you better get out the camera and take one so you can carry it in
tomorrow."

	I acknowledged my wife's reminder and after taking several shots
of her in sensuous revealing positions, where her Tits And Twat -
Hence TNT Pics - were very much exposed.

	Over the course of our marriage he had accumulated a large
number of these TNT pics - all taken by me, as well as hand
delivered to him personally.

	For the last few years, when I deliver them, he has me get an
appointment on his calendar and he usually demands a blow job
right there in the office as part of me handing them over to him.

	Besides having control over my job and my professional future,
he knows I'm easily intimidated and runs roughshod over me
because I'm non-confrontational.  He has such a sway over my
wife.  He knows she has a weakness for assertive brawny handsome
males like him.  I just wish he would not take advantage of my
deep love for her and continually invade my marriage, wife, and
marriage bed.  But alas, it's wishful thinking to think I can do
more than I'm doing.

	Like mother has told me several times, my best strategy to deal
with him and in meeting my wife's needs, as well as being a good
husband and daddy to all our kids, is to accept and adapt to my
role as a weak willed  cuckold.

	And to her credit, it really has eased the friction between Sid
and me to accept him as the real man in our marriage and be
cooperative with him in all things.

	I have to admit, I do admire the guy, he's tall, handsome,
muscular, aggressive, outspoken and has so much charisma.  He's
everything I'm not.  And with him being so well endowed, it's so
difficult for a nerdy guy like me to compete with him when my
wife is so smitten and carried away with his charm.

	A few years back, actually, it was during my wife's second
pregnancy, he coerced and forced me into sucking his cock while
Sophie was in a period of her pregnancy where she shouldn't be
having intercourse.  So he used me as a surrogate to take his hot
pent up semen in my mouth.  I thought it would be just a one time
thing, but it's been going on until the present.

	Actually, sucking his large dick wasn't that difficult after I
got use to swallowing his huge heavy slimy loads.  His fresh hot
creamy jism wasn't that unpalatable and it was easy even letting
him deep throat me when he desired to do so.  I have to confess,
after becoming his cocksucker, I did admire and bond with him
better than before.  I guess sucking a guy's dick does that. 
Anyway, that's what mother told me.

	And along the way, he also made me go to a "Being a Male Cunt"
class and by my wife's third pregnancy, he was frequently
penetrating and shagging me too.

	I felt we bonded even closer when he began using my ass-pussy as
a surrogate to my pregnant wife's snatch.  Just as he did with me
sucking his seemingly always horny dick, he kept humping me even
when Sophie was not pregnant by him.  He was often fucking us
both in the same week.

	Again, because I had no will to stand up to him, I had no choice
but to let him fuck my face and ass as as often as he desired. 
Mother, Sophie, and my in-laws all encouraged me not to resist
him, but to give in to him.  All of them supported me in being
his male-pussy.

	My wife was pleased that we were both being used as his sluts. 
She was happy, but while I have to admit I did get some enjoyment
out him using his dick on me, I was still very embarrassed at how
much dignity I had loss under his interference in our marriage
and the extent I had to go to keep it all together.

	Another thing that happened to me in particular was that in our
third year of marriage, my wife was concerned about me cheating
on her and Sid was concerned that Sophie might be allowing me -
her husband - to put it in her wet warm luscious pussy.  To
alleviate both concerns, it was decided that I would have to
return to wearing an electronic chastity cock, like the type that
mother had me wearing from puberty until I wed Sophie.

	That is how my virginity was certified for Sophie.

	Sophie desired me to prove my love by once returning my genitals
in bondage to her and Sid's control.  I tried to resist them
both, but there were too many forces working against me.  In
fact, it was my own mother who set me up for the
re-installation of the lock.

	I went by there and she gave me a drink laced with a sedative. 
When I came to, I was wearing a modernized lock of the same type
I had worn for years so that mother could ensure I remained a
virgin for her until I married.  I never did understand her
rationale for me being a virgin, but maybe because of her
foresight, it was a drawing card for Sophie being interested in
marrying me.

	Oh well, so there I was angry at mom for what she had done, but
she and my in-laws, convinced me that it was best to keep peace
in my marriage, especially since Sid was a major player and the
real man in it.

	"Stanley, as the real man in your house, it's only right he has
some say so about whether you get to have sex with your wife." 
Mother said to me in a serious tone of voice.  My in-laws echoed
her position as well as Sophie's position was that if I truly
loved her, this was no biggie for me to put my prick under lock
and key and under she and Sid's control.

	Again, because I didn't expect so much opposition to my point of
view, I was talked down and could not fight the rising tide
against me having sexual freedom of the use of my prick.

	Sid and Sophie decided that I would not be allowed to masturbate
except every two weeks and then only if both agreed.  If either
vetoed my request, I would have to wait another two weeks.

	I was outraged.  But even mother didn't seem to have empathy for
me.

	"Stanley, I've discussed this with Sid and Sophie, and I have to
agree with them.  Maybe you have been playing with yourself too
much and the lock will certainly make you resist being
unfaithful.  No sweetie, I agree, them allowing you to jack off
and release the build up in your little balls every two weeks
seems a reasonable thing."

	I just sat silent and bewildered at her words.  She went on.

	"And dear, as I had you do for me before you got married, I
think it's right for you to be supervised as you're pulling your
peter, and who better than to do your wife and her real man."

	Mother also added that she was supportive of my masturbation
control being used as punitive measure too if I didn't behave as
I should.

	I was so flustered but I knew again, ther was nothing I could do
but comply with was being imposed on me.

	After I began wearing the lock device, which was an open access
type, that is it was smart enough to know when I was stroking or
masturbating myself, I would get a mild to severe shock if I did
try to stroke myself.  There was no physical barrier to keep me
from me getting an erection.

	I had to endure a burning throbbing erection and wait for the
approved time when I could stroke myself off under my wife's or
her real man's supervision.

	There were numerous instances where I had to observe my wife
have passionate sex with Sid, as well as when I did oral clean up
of the gloppy fuck juices from their genitals.  Each time I would
be so aroused and my cock would be aching for relief something
fierce.  But begging either of them for mercy to let me jack off
was to no avail.  I was just told I had to wait until the
allotted time to get off.

	Several times, after pleasing my wife with my mouth as I sucked
from her oozing, cum filled cunt, as she literally rides my
upturned face with her very sloppy pussy, I would get so very
hard and stiff.  It seemed as if my prick would break in two, yet
there was nothing I could do except beg Sophie to unlock the cock
lock with her electronic remote and let me jerk off for relief.

	Her typical remark was "Oh Stanley, I know you're suffering and
your little thing is throbbing to get off.  But I'm sorry Sid has
been adamant about you getting off every 2 weeks as being more
than sufficient for your little prick. Plus honey, if it's any
consolation, just knowing that you're suffering for me and having
to endure such agony while watching Sid and I fuck, and
afterwards, be a clean up sucker for me and him is such a kinky
turn on to me.  And it also means so much to me that your doing
this as a demonstration of your deep love for me.  So please
remember darling, your sexual suffering is appreciated by me."	

	So there you have my story of how I've had to adapt to having a
better man hijack over my wife and marriage, and well me too.

	And before I end, I want you readers to know that my wife just
returned from a visit to her doctor.  It looks like the
ultrasound says she'll she'll be having twins.

	She and Sid are happy, and as for me, I guess have to be happy
because they are happy that I'm going to be the doting daddy of 6
kids now.

###END###

