Emma's Farm - 18 (fg, scat, ws, exhib)

Disclaimer:  this is a work of fiction.

Summary:  Emma and Lilly make a daring escape from the outhouse.

-----------------------
	A few hours had passed since Lilly had joined Emma in the pool of waste.  The girls had been making love, completely oblivious to anything going on around them.  Anus after anus darkened their little room by covering the toilet seat, streaming urine or dropping feces (most of the time both) down onto the girls below.  Their clothes had long been removed and were buried underneath the muck that the girls now rolled around in.  Their small, pubescent bodies writhed together as their hands explored every crevice of the other's.  Their was no friction between them, as they were both covered from head to toe in the wet brown sludge in which they were submerged.  Their fingers slipped easily in and out of their young hairless cunts and their lips had hardly been separated.
	It wasn't until they heard Emma's mom calling for them that they snapped back into reality.  "Emma!  Lilly?"  Linda shouted for the girls and they froze.  They waited until Linda's voice faded.
	"Shit," Emma began, "where are my clothes?"
	"I dunno, they're in here somewhere" Lilly replied, gesturing to the filth around them, "same as mine."
	"What are we going to do?" Asked Emma, genuinely alarmed.
	"I don't know," said Lilly, "it will take us forever to find our clothes and even if we do, they're ruined!"  Just then the room darkened as another woman sat down on the toilet seat above.  A stream of urine rained down on Lilly's head and she sputtered as she wiped her hair out of her face, the warm pee splashing off her face and onto her small undeveloped chest.  A beautiful smile spread across her face, her thin lips revealing a hint of her sparkling white teeth.  What else was there  to do but laugh at their predicament? 
	A hot brown stream of diarrhea poured out of the anus above them and covered Lilly's face.  Lilly reached up and wiped it out of her eyes, and when she opened them she saw her lover staring at her, obviously trying to stop herself from laughing.  It was no use.  Just looking at each other set the girls off, and soon they were giggling uncontrollably, rolling around in the filth together.  If the woman above them wiping her ass heard anything, she didn't let on.
	"So what are we going to do?" asked Lilly with a certain amount of anxiety.
	"Well, the stream isn't far from here. . . Let's put on our clothes and make a break for it."  Lilly tried to imagine the distance and it seemed impossible.  "Come on, we can do it!"  The girls set about finding their clothes, which was pretty hard.  They had to feel around with their hands through the muck.  Every now and then one of them would think they found something, but it would turn out to only be a soaking wet wad of toilet paper.
	After what seemed like an eternity, the girls were wearing what they thought to be their clothes.  It occurred to Emma that she might be wearing Lilly's shirt, as it was rather tight on her, but at this point she figured something was better than nothing.  They had slipped into the clothes rather easily as both their bodies and their clothes were coated in a slimy mixture of urine and human excrement.  They were completely covered, brown from head to foot.  It was in their hair, it squished between their toes inside their shoes, and it generally got stuck inside every soft, girl y crevice they had.
	They listened carefully at the door and didn't hear any voices.  "Okay, we'll go from here straight to the stream.  Walk slowly and calmly so as to not draw attention in case anyone is nearby."  Lilly nodded her ascent and kissed Emma one more times on the lips.  It was obvious she was nervous, they both were.  They flung open the door and waited a second as they adjusted their eyes to the late afternoon sun.  They stepped out and started walking towards the stream, hand in hand.  They got about fifty feet before their tunnel vision wore off and they noticed at least a dozen strangers staring at them, mouthes agape.  Then the whispering started - "did they come from the outhouse?"  "Are they covered in shit?"  The gasps and disgusted exclamations made their cheeks burn red in embarrassment (although you'd never be able to tell as all you could see was brown).  
	The girls simultaneously broke into a run, still holding hands they ran and laughed all the way to the stream.  They promptly jumped in, laughing uncontrollably at the expressions of the bemused onlookers who had seen them emerge from underneath the outhouse.  No one had followed them to the stream, so they were able to splash and rinse off in peace.

To be continued . . .

as always, send feedback to:  cravenravenerotica@gmail.com

Thanks for reading!