The Eager Little Sister
By Perry Jones (pounder801@gmail.com)

Note to reader: This is a continuing story.  Comments to the author are always welcomed and appreciated. PJ



	CHAPTER SEVEN

       Barbra woke up late the next morning. She stretched in glowing luxury and her leg brushed a body next to her. Turning, she saw her brother sprawled on his stomach, sleeping peacefully. Barbra smiled as she remembered last night.

	Her small, lithesome body felt very good. There was a delicious throbbing sensation in and around her pussy. It was a light throb, just enough to let her know it was there. She squeezed her thighs together and mewled softly. Cupping her flawless little tits, she squeezed her fingers into the spongy flesh.

	Rick and John had fucked her silly, she thought, giggling in a hushed way. It was a real gang-bang, with her getting the best of it. They had fucked her in her pussy and mouth so many times she lost count. She had swallowed Ouarts of cum. But it made her glow with delight. Her thighs were sticky where the boys had come Slipping from bed, she went into the bath room and showered.

	Half an hour later she was back in bed cuddling close to her brother. He was still on his stomach, still sleeping. Barbra ran her hand over his ass cheeks, along the back of his thighs. She slipped her band between his thighs and fondled his balls.

	Despite the thorough fucking he and John had given her the night before, Barbra's body demanded more. She was alive with tingling and wanting more and more of those erotic delights.

	She brought her fingers up from his balls, over the curve of his ass then dug them between the cheeks. Ricky stirred in his sleep when she. probed at his asshole. Barbra giggled softly as an idea came to her. She pressed gently at his asshole with the tip of one finger and felt her brother respond by lifting his ass slightly. She heard him groan as her finger pressed a bit harder.

	"Uhh!" Rick grunted.

	Barbra's finger had slipped into his asshole. For a moment she remained motionless, feeling the tightness of his asshole around her finger. Then she began to move it in and out, fucking him. Ricky was awake now and was moving his ass up and down with her finger. But this wasn't the idea Barbra had. "Ricky," she whispered. "Turn aver." He turned, her finger coming free of his asshole. She grabbed for his cock and was delighted to find it hard. She pumped it with a tight, hot fist, smothering his face with moist kisses. Ricky felt of her tits, sOueezing the springy flesh then working his hand down to her little cunt. Barbra lifted one knee and spread her legs as his finger stabbed into her pussy.

	Ricky," she whispered thickly, "I wanna fuck again. Fuck me, Ricky."

	He started to climb on top of her, but Barbra held him off. "No," she giggled. "I want it this way!"

	She rolled to her stomach, wiggling her ass at him.

	He started to climb on top of her, shoving his cock between her thighs.

	And again Barbra stopped him.

	"I want it up my ass!" she squealed. "I wanna get fucked up the ass, Ricky!"

	"You sure?" he asked doubtfuliy. "That's the only place left." she mewled, shaking hat cute ass. "I've had a cock in my cunt and in my mouth. Now I want a cock up my asshole "

	Barbra pul1ed her knees underneath her body, her lovely smooth ass lifting in the air. She waggled it prettily at, her brother, her pink asshole tantalizing. Rick moved his cock against the creamy cheeks of his sister's ass, leaving trails of sticky moisture on her flesh. But Barbra wasn't in a playful mood at the moment. At any other time she would have loved to play and feel and kiss for a while, but right now she wanted his cock up her asshole before she changed her mind.

	Reaching between her thighs, she grasped his prick and brought the swollen head against the tight pucker of her asshole. Holding his cock, she pressed her ass back against it. There was a dull, aching pain there, but it wasn't bad at all.

	"Push, Ricky!" she squealed. "Push!"

	Ricky, his eyes gazing between the spreading cheeks of his sister's ass, watched as she struggled to get his cock inside that impossibly tiny hole. He held her hips in his hands, almost afraid to push against her.

	But Barbra wasn't afraid; she wanted his cock up her asshole desperately. She shoved her ass hard against his cock, whimpering. It felt as if she were trying to get some huge, blunt instrument into her asshole, but she loved the pressure.

	"Help me, Ricky!" she urged him. "Help me get your cock up my ass! Please, please! I wanna feel your hard cock inside my asshole!"

	Gripping his sister's trembling hips, he pushed forward. He could see the swollen head of his cock pushing at the hot tightness of that pink hole. It didn't feet like It would go in. Her asshole was too small. It was too tight.

	"Ooohhhhl" Barbra squealed.

	Rick saw his prick slip into his sister's asshole.

	Barbra held her breath, feeling the head of his cock stretching the tightness of her asshole. She didn't move, but her small body shivered. "Ohhh, I Think it's in, Ricky! I think your cock is in my ass!".

	"Just the head, Barbra," he said.

	"Is that all?" she murmured. "It feels like a ball bat! Oh, golly, it's really up my ass, Ricky?"

	"It's in there."

	"Ooooo! Shove more in me!" she yelped, wiggling her ass now. "I want more in me! Put it all in my ass! Ooooo, Ricky, stick your cock all the way up my asshole!"

	Gripping her hips, Ricky slowly worked the rest of his throbbing prick into Barbra's asshole. Finally it was in all the way. He could feel her asshole clench around his prick, flexing like some milking hand.

	Barbra gurgled with delicious, strange pleasure. Her eyes were closed and her face expressed her new-found delight. His cock felt so huge inside her little asshole, so big. And it felt so good. There was a deep, stretching, burning sensation there, a sensation of exquisite pleasure that was so different than having a cock in her cunt or mouth. Different, but ever so good.

	"Fuck me!" she yelped, wiggling her tight little butt at him. "Fuck me now, Ricky! Come on, fuck me up the ass! Screw my asshole! Ooooo, please fuck my ass! Golly, I think I like it! Fuck me now, Ricky!"

	She gurgled when she felt her brother begin to thrust his throbbing, swollen cock in and out of her clinging asshole. She shivered and pumped her ass with him, meeting his inward movement with a back thrust of her shapely little ass. She cooed and giggled and whimpered, shaking her ass now and then swiftly.

	"I love it, Ricky!" she groaned against the bed. "Oooo, I love it . .. your cock in my ass! Oohhh, your cock is so hard! It feels so good in my asshole! Fuck it for me, Ricky! Fuck it hard, . fuck it fast! Ohhh, fuck my ass! Fuck me up my hot asshole!"

	Ricky was grunting with effort, his eyes glazed as he watched his cock glide in and out of his sister's gripping asshole. She kept up a flexing motion with her asshole, a motion that squeezed and relaxed, squeezed and relaxed.

	Barbra was not aware of this unique phenomena. It was involuntary on her part. It was reflexive and not under her control. Her asshole squeezed as he withdrew, relaxed as he entered. Barbra mewled in delicious pleasure, a smile fluttering about her pursed lips.

	"Oooo, Ricky, Ricky! Ohhh, golly! Your cock really stretches my asshole! Give it to me ... fuck it to me! Fuck it, Ricky! Ohhh, golly, fuck my tight, hot asshole!"

	She wiggled and waggled her shapely little ass. Tremors shot through her, shivering the smooth flesh. The whole of her naked little body was tingling with a heat that was almost devouring her. Her cunt was pulsating, twitching as though it were jealous of her asshole. Her tiny clit was swollen into a rubbery stiffness. She began to gasp in a struggling manner as she felt an orgasm steaming to a head inside her body.

	She felt her brother banging into her asshole a little harder and faster, heard him grunting. It seemed as if his cock had become harder and thicker, longer. It seemed to fill her asshole completely, stretching the gripping tightness. Barbra could fee1 every ridge, every groove, every throb of his cock with the ring of her asshole. -

	Then she exploded.

	Barbra gave out with a long wail of pure ecstasy as she came. Words tumbled from her mouth, but they made no sense. "Fuck... asshole... motherfuck ... cocksucker ... cunt-eater . . pussy ... prick cock..."

	Ricky strained against her shapely, writhing ass cheeks, his prick buried all the way .up her convulsing asshole. He grunted in a loud, strangled voice. Then his prick spewed jets of thick cum up his sister's asshole.

	Later, after her second shower, Barbra's body glowed all day long. Her asshole throbbed in such a delicious way she could not resist clamping her ass cheeks frequently. The pressure enhanced the thrilling ripples of pleasure that throbbed throughout her small, sweet body.

	Ricky had gone off someplace and she was alone in the house. For the moment she didn't mind. She was happy with her feelings and her thoughts. There was no way Kelly could please her brother the way she could.

	Again she looked at the pictures they had found, taking them to her room and spreading them out on the bed. They excited her, seeing her parents fucking and sucking with men and women and especially that cute little girl. Her mother's face buried between those slim thighs, her mouth pressed greedily against that small pussy delighted Barbra. She looked for a long time at the picture of her mother in the bedroom, one leg cocked on the bed and her hairy cunt fully revealed.

	It was the sound of the door that broke her concentration. Thinking it was Ricky coming home, she left the pictures spread out on her bed and went out to meet him.

	It was her mother.

	"Oh!" Barbra gasped, remembering the telltale pictures all over her bed.

	"Hello, darling," her mother said, kissing Barbra's check. "Did you manage okay while we were gone?"

	Barbra's face was pink, but she managed to nod her head. She looked out the window for her father. "Where's Daddy?"

	"We had some car trouble," her mother said. "He's at the garage with it. I had to take a cab."

	Barbra wanted to get to her room and scoop up those pictures before her mother found them, but it would look strange if she darted off right after her mother came home. She was very nervous, desperately wishing she had not taken them out of her parents' room. She listened to her mother chatter about what a good time they had then she followed her mother down the hall. Fear came to her when she saw her bedroom door open and those damning pictures were in full sight.

	She sighed in relief as her mother went past without looking into the room.

	Barbra started to enter her room but was stopped by her mother's voice. "Barbra, come in here for a minute, please."

	Shaking, Barbra went into hot parents' room. Her mother was sitting on the edge of her bed, peeling a nylon down her long, slim thigh. She had never seen her mother this intimately before. Her skirt was pulled into her lap as she lifted her knee to slide the nylon down and Barbra caught a glimpse of her mother's panties. They were lacy and sexy.

	Dropping the nylon to the floor, her mother patted the bed next to her. "Sit down, Barbra," she said looking at her blushing daughter. "There's something I want to talk to you about."

	Trembling, Barbra sat about a foot away from her mother. Her mother still wore one nylon and Barbra could see the garter belt attachment holding it. Her mother had such long, creamy smooth thighs, she thought. She could hardly take her eyes from them. When her mother turned on the bed to face Barbra one nylon thigh crooked in the mattress with the other foot still on the floor. Barbra silently gasped. She could see the crotch of her mother's panties now and they were so sheer, the dark curls of pussy could almost be individually seen. Barbra was so fascinated by this sight she could not tear her eyes from her mother's crotch. She felt a sudden throbbing of her own cunt and had to stifle a moan. She could feel her mother's eyes gazing at her intently as she sat there wringing her hands nervously.

	"About those pictures," her mother said in a low, soft voice. "You should not have come into our room, Barbra."

	So her mother had seen them spread all over her bed after all! Barbra trembled with fright, tears bubbling in her eyes.

	"Mother, I ..." But she couldn't say any more. What could she say?

	"Does your brother know about them, Barbra?"

	Shyly she nodded her head. Her heart thumped like a lead weight in her chest. She sat there, shivering and despite the fear she felt, she still could not pull her teary eyes from her mother's crotch. She felt her mother's hands grip her shoulders and with a cry, Barbra flung herself into her mother's arms. 'I'm sorry, Mother," she sobbed. "I didn't mean to pry. I won't do it again."

	Her mother wrapped her arms about the shaking little body, smoothing the soft, dark hair of her head. Barbra pressed her face into her mother's surprisingly firm tits, sobbing softly.

	"Don't be upset, baby," her mother crooned. 'You have nothing to be upset about." At first the words had no meaning to Barbra.

	When she realized what her mother had said, she drew back and stared at her. Her mother was smiling, her eyes glittering with a brightness. "It was only a matter of time anyway," her mother said. "We were waiting until you and your brother were older, but I see there isn't any reason for waiting now."

	Barbra didn't understand and her puzzlement reflected on her exquisitely sweet, innocent face. Her mother laughed softly and hugged her tightly to her tits again then held Barbra away, peering at her intently.

	"What did you think about those pictures, honey?"

	"I.. well. Mother, I..." Barbra looked down with shyness.

	Were they exciting to you?"

	Barbra nodded her head, her face pink.

	"Which ones did you like the best?"

	Barbra swallowed hard, but couldn't find any words to answer. Her mother stood up, still wearing one nylon. She pulled her daughter to her feet. "Come and show me," her mother said, pulling Barbra into the hallway.

	As her mother entered her bedroom, Barbra hesitated, but her mother tugged at her hand. "Come on, honey," she smiled. "Don't be afraid, Show me the pictures you liked best." She stood next to her mother, trembling and not yet understanding what was happening. Her bed was covered with the photographs.

	"Show me, baby," her mother said in a strangely husky voice.

	Barbra pointed her finger. It was the picture of her father on the bed, his cock very hard. "Is that the only one?

	Again Barbra pointed. The picture this time was of her mother, leg cocked on the bed, hips arching out and cunt fully exposed. She pointed again, this time to the one of her father and the other man fucking that terribly young girl. The last one she pointed at made her blush even more furiously. It was the picture of her mother licking the little girl's pussy while the girl sucked another woman's cunt.

	Her mother separated those from the others and stacked them up, replacing them in the envelope. Then she sat on Barbra's bed, spreading her knees, pulling her daughter between them.

	"They're my favorites, honey," her mother said. Barbra felt her mother's hands sliding down her shaking back then they were cupping her small, shivering ass cheeks. Her mother was looking into Barbra's face and she was squeezing the cheeks of her tight little ass. "We had lots of fun taking them, as you can imagine."

	As her mother talked, Barbra felt her hands go underneath her skirt and cup each naked ass cheek. "Why, baby!" her mother smiled. "You aren't wearing panties. That's lovely!"

	Barbra's mother undressed her and then Barbra was standing naked before her. Although still shy, she was not embarrassed; she was steaming in a hot, liquid way now.

	"Are you sure Ricky liked them too?" her mother asked as she slipped a hand between Barbra's smooth, hot thighs and unhesitatingly fondled her hairless little cunt. "Did he get a nice hard-on?"

	Barbra was bubbling with erotic delight as her mother caressed her pulsating cunt and she gave a soft yelp when her mother's finger slipped up into her pussy. "Oh, baby!" her mother murmured. "You're so wet already... tight and wet! Oh, honey, I bet you have a sweet, hot little pussy!"

	"Ricky got a big hard-on," Barbra said, wiggling her cute ass as her mother finger-fucked her.

	"Did you fuck him?"

	"Ooo, Mother!" Barbra squealed, reaching out to squeeze her mother's firm tits. "We've been fucking a long time now!"

	Her mother mewled with delight and hugged Barbra against her. Her finger stabbed in and out of that tight little cunt as her other hand caressed a tight ass cheek.

	"Baby, I'd love to kiss your sweet little pussy," her mother whispered throatily. "Kiss it the way you saw me kissing that little girl in the picture?'

	Barbra found herself sprawled across her bed, legs dangling and her mother's face was between them. She shivered with ecstasy as her mother's hot, wet tongue licked at the insides of her thighs, licking up to her twitching little pussy. Then she jerked as her mother's hot mouth closed about the entire area of her crotch, her tongue lapping up and down.

	"Oooo, Mother!" Barbra wailed as she wiggled her pussy about. "Ohhh, that's good, Mother!" 

	The excitement rumbled through Barbra's small, delicious body like a steam engine. She grabbed her mother's head and banged her cunt harshly into her mouth, grinding powerfully. She felt her mother's long, eager tongue slip deep into the tight heat of her pussy then begin stabbing in and out. Her mother's upper lip was pressing and writhing against her swollen clit and the bottom lip seemed to be in the vicinity off her clenching asshole.

	The thrilling sensations boiled inside her trembling body, the excitement of her mother sucking and licking her cunt was too much for Barbra. She squealed loudly and began to come. Her pussy went into shattering spasms. It didn't seem as if she would ever stop coming. She thrashed about on the bed, her naked ass jerking up and down as her mother rapidly tongue fucked her slippery cunt, twirled about her throbbing clit, even probed a time or two against her flexing asshole. Each time she came, it was stronger than the last and Barbra wasn't sure she could take much more of it.

	Still, her mother continued to grip Barbra's shivering ass in her palms, eating vigorously at her seeping cunt, her tongue flying in and out of those sweet, clinging lips then lapping from her tight asshole to her clit, where she sucked, flipping her tongue about the tip.

	When her mother finally pulled her smeared lips from Barbra's Quivering cunt, Barbra gurgled with ecstasy. Her eyes shined brightly as her mother sat up on the bed next to her.

	"How was that, baby?" her mother asked in a soft voice.

	"oh, golly! Mother, you lick me better than Rick!"

	"Oh, so you two have been doing a lot more than just fucking, have you?" Then she laughed. "I see your father and I were wrong, thinking we had to wait until you two were older. It seems you're ready now."

	It finally came to Barbra. She began to laugh, tickled at how it was turning out. "You mean you and Daddy. . you want to . oh, golly, Mother!"

	"Just wait until your father finds out what a sweet, hot little ass you are! Oh, honey, he's going to be so pleased! He's been waiting, always talking about what a fine little fuck you're going to be." She laughed. "I can just see it when I tell him. He's going to come right in his fucking pants!"

	"What about Ricky?" Barbra asked. "Isn't he going to. . ?

	Her mother interrupted. "I'm going to take that little cock of his and turn it every way but loose! I'm going to give that boy the fuck of his life, suck it off."

	She hugged herself. "Oh, baby, I love it! And to think your father and I planned on a couple more years!"

	They clutched at one another, hugging and kissing happily. Barbra, no longer shy now, fondled her mother's body, playing with her large, firm tits once she had them naked. She sucked at the long nipples and ran her hands up and down her mother's creamy thighs. She fondled her mother's rounded ass then tugged her panties off. She sat back and gazed hotly at her mother's hairy cunt and with a squeal, darted her mouth to it and began to lick and suck furiously.

	"Oh, baby, baby!" her mother crooned. "I had no idea you'd suck my cunt for me! I'm so so fucking glad you want to~ lick my pussy! Lick it, honey. Tongue fuck my pussy! Her mother lifted her legs high in the air spreading them out wide and held her ass up from the bed. Barbra buried her face bard into her mothers crotch, running her tongue from her tight asshole, up the puffy, wet slit, over the distended clit. She stabbed her tongue in and out, running her hands about her mother's smooth thighs and round ass.

	"Ahbh, honey, honey!" her mother gurg1ed."Eat my cunt, baby! Suck mother's hot wet, hairy pussy! Oooo, sweet darling tongue fuck me! OH, honey, you're going to make my cunt come.. . come with that sweet mouth and tongue of yours! Suck it baby!... fuck it! Lick my hairy cunt and fuck it with your sweet, pussy-licking tongue!" 

	Barbra was puffing with her efforts, her eyes closed as the thick, curling  hair of her mother's pussy swirled about her nose and chin. She licked furiously, loving the delicious taste of this hairy, hot cunt. It was as good to her as sucking Ricky's cock, the slippery juices just as tasty as his cum.

	"Oh, baby, I'm coming!" her mother yelled loudly, banging her cunt into Barbra's face, I'm coming! My pussy is coming in your cunt-sucking little mouth, darling!" As her mother had done to her, Barbra continued to lick and suck, making her mother's pussy throb with a series of drawn-out orgasms. Only when her mother could not hold her legs in the air and dropped her creamy ass to the bed did Barbra pull her sweet face from that hairy cunt. She sat back on her heels, giggling with naughty delight at what she had done.

	Her mother sat up tiredly, grinning widely. "Why, I had no idea, Barbra. You're a fine cunt-licker Do you have any other surprises for me? Oh, your father is going to be so fucking happy when he hears about this!"

	Again they hugged each other, both almost sobbing in pleasure and happiness. Barbra was glowing with pleasure as her mother's firm tits swirled about her face. She hugged her mother tightly.

	"I think we better save our boiling cunts for your father and brother, don't you, baby? I mean, we have to let them have some. We can't be selfish, can we?"

	Barbra giggled. "Oh, they'll get plenty of pussy, Mother."

	Her mother slapped Barbra playfully on her naked little ass as she crawled off the bed. "I think you're right, Barbra."


To Be Continued


