This is a work of fiction. All characters and events are imaginary. Any similarity with real life events is purely coincidental. Some of these stories contain erotic and often very violent and immoral content. To continue reading, you should be 18 years or older, and over the age of majority in your country. You should also understand the difference between fiction and reality. If any of these conditions do not apply, leave now.

----------------------------------------------------------------

Author: Doppelganger
Main website: http://www.asstr.org/~doppelganger/
Title: The Hammer
Keywords: (MF, Mf, humil, tragic, viol)
Optional Keywords: (snuff) 

----------------------------------------------------------------



In this text, AP means After Present, relative to the current date for the reader.

From 4 to 12 years AP, the right wing populistic party "United Fatherland" (UF) received increasing support due to the growing fear towards uncontrolled immigration and terrorism, while attracting both conservative and lower-class voters by constructing a discourse that promised ending social inequality while maintaining a conservative agenda. Things like deporting immigrants that "steal" jobs,  and favouring national products over imported ones, were be part of their program, and they attracted many different kinds of voters. They also took on other conservative hot topics, they wanted to ban homosexuality, abortion and they blamed the excessive integration of women in the workplace as part of the cause of the problems of the economy and education, promoting the idea that if women stayed at home, they would have more time to raise children while unemployment would be solved. They wrapped this sort of sexism in a sort of "re-liberation" of women from the dangers of progressivism, which could hurt her, and by consequence society, by putting her in an unnatural position. Though they were friendly towards conservative types of christianity, their core neo-fascist ideology was not based on religion.

After a couple of elections with growing results but still in minority and shunned by traditional parties, the economic situation and the corruption scandals in the other parties finally granted them a victory in the year 12 AP. The parliament, composed of 100 MPs, under a rather proportional assignment of MPs after percentage of votes, was divided as follows: 

United Fatherland: 52
Liberal Conservatives: 18
Labor Socialdemocrats: 26
Communists: 4

In the next 4 years, they applied their program keeping a rather friendly face, but doctoring the numbers related to the economy, bribing the necessary remnants from the traditional parties, getting along with friendly segments of the military and demoting the others, and most importantly, controlling the media to reassert their message.
They also built ties with similar parties achieving a similar success in neighboring countries, 

Radical opposition groups appeared, some with ties to the communist party, which supported an aggressive rethoric against UF than other traditional parties. Other opposition groups operated independently, but they tended to be aligned with far left ideology. A spiral of violence between radical pro and anti-UF froups would being very slowly, but feeding on itself and involving and antagonizing an increasing percentage of the population. A member of some radical opposition group wold be attacked, after which these would retaliate, and pro-UF gangs would reply with more attacks. The UF-controlled media would spin things in they favor, presenting themlselves as the only grantors of stability and security.
However, in sheer numbers, the pro-UF militias were bigger, more organized and better equipped than the anti-UF ones.

At the same time, a new party, the "Humanist Party" (HP), was formed during this period, with the objective of constituting a strong but strictly democratic opposition against UF. It was based around an idea of social-democracy, humanism, dialog and democracy, similar to the old social-democratic party but trying to set a blank slate against the corruption of which the latter, together with the Liberal Conservatives, was riddled with. While radical in some ideas concerning equality among all citizens, it would adamantly reject violent or subversive rethoric, arguing that fire cannot be fought with fire, and that more violence, either rethoric or physical, would only worsen the situation. A young intelligent woman with dynamic and vivid rethoric but humanistic and peaceful ideals would be elected as leader of the HP,  which would gain a noticeable support before the next elections, being specially strong among the democragic segments of young well-educated people, ex-socialdemocratic voters, and women. The party would also absorb some idealistic members from the old socialdemocrats and liberals, and some members from the non-violent faction of the communists, but it would mostly be composed of young people with relatively high education.

Despite the following achieved by the HP among certain demographics, it would not be able to compete against the slander campaign and media control of UF. In next elections, in the year 16 AP, United Fatherland would win again, by a slightly higher margin. The parliament would now have the following composition:

United Fatherland: 58
Liberal Conservatives: 8
Labor Socialdemocrats: 4
Humanist Party: 26
Communists: 4

A few months after the election, UF convinced (by bribing) the 8 remaining MPs from the Liberal Conservatives (effectively absorbing the party) and one from Labor Social Democrats to switch to their side, achieving the 67 MPs. This was above the 2/3 of the parliament necessary to make certain changes to the constitution, though any major changes still required 3/4. However, the current supermajority allowed the UF to make some important changes. 
First, they abandoned together the international treaties and supra-national unions that were not alligned with their interests, and joined or modified others with the countries where a similar process had taken place. They also appointed UF-friendly supreme judges. Though still not able to change freedom of speech laws without 3/4 of the parliament, this allowed them to apply current laws more harshly against political opponents of any kind. It also allowed them to ban the Communist Party using against them their radical rethoric and covert support of some violent anti-UF groups. Finally, they changed the voting laws. They removed voting rights for women (this was met with some skepticism even from some conservative circles but the UF imposed this strategy) and they raised the voting age to 28 years. This obviously penalized the results for the HP, whose voting base was somewhat skewed towards younger people and women. There were also sly changes in the voting districts, which indirectly benefited the UF. The UF also tightened its control of the public media, and made promises and good relations with the private media, the most powerful corporations and the army, securing the support of their leaders. Most mass media was then controlled by UF, continuosuly spinning positively all of its reforms. After a few months, the UF called for new elections, arguing further reforms were needed after they set up some false flag attacks attributed to radical anti-UF groups. The HP would try to make its campaing despite being surrounded by unfriendly media and even some leaders from the communists, from jail, asked for abstention instead of voting HP, which they considered inefficient for its excessively peaceful approach.

The remainders of the old social-democrats did not even achieve enough votes to grant an MP, while the HP would achieve a lower 15% of votes, affected by women and younger people being unable to vote, and media difamation campaigns. Furthermore, the new voting districts would make the system much less proportional, and the final composition of the parliament was:

UF: 88
HP: 12

Now the UF would have unlimited power to change the constitution, the law and appoint any position of authority, just needing to keep satisfy the leaders of the corporations and the army by giving them the promised share of power and money.

The leader of the UF would call the HP leader for a private meeting. The negoitation would be hard on her side.









