A series of one (or sometimes two) night stands. Fun and fucking with random women over the years.
Jody and I were both Senior Consultants with the company we worked for. We had started together the same entry training class, but had never worked together on any client assignments. Had been to several happy hours with her and knew her to be funny, liked bourbon and could hold her own with dirty jokes and comments around the guys. Jody had a big set of tits and a fat ass to go with them but was cute.
One of my large clients had their usual year end requirements going on that I was heading up and had also given us a large special project that was being done at the same time. Jody was assigned to head up the special assignment. The client was in the middle of Oklahoma in the winter and we drove our cars up since there was no airport to fly into. Jody drove up with me the first week so we could discuss the client and I could share my experiences with them and the people she would be working with. Jody and I were sharing an office together and working closely together during the three weeks we were scheduled to be in Oklahoma.
All together there were ten of us working on the client in some capacity. We would generally work 7 am to 7 pm and an ever changing group would go to dinner at night, with some just opting to go back to the hotel (a beautiful Ramada Inn). Thursday night we usually went to one of the two nice places to eat as a group. This was usually the night we would have a few drinks. I noticed that Jody had a few bourbons that first night and was a little wobbly when we got back to the hotel and dropped her at her room.
The next morning she was not feeling the best and suffered through the day until we left about 4 pm to drive home. She had been pretty quiet all day and did not change much as we started home. After about 30 minutes she asked if I had any aspirin. Told her that I had some in my briefcase in the back seat. Unbuckling her seat belt she reached back between the bucket seats and grabbed my briefcase. Got a nice view of her ass as she did so. Opening the briefcase she saw my copies of Penthouse Forum Letters.
"Nice reading materials. Keeping up on all the current technical literature?"
"Funny, the aspirin is in the outside pocket."
She found the aspirin and took a couple. Jody had also pulled out one of the booklets with the letters.
"HMMM, that sounds interesting," she said as she flipped to the table of contents.
"Which one?"
"A female coworker seducing a married male coworker while out of town working."
"How come that never happens to me?" I chuckled.
"Never?" she asked looking at me.
"Well, maybe once or twice."
"Really?"
I shrugged my shoulders and looked over at her.
"Interesting."
Jody began silently reading the story as we drove. She read several of the stories and finished one of the booklets by the time we got to her house.
Holding my briefcase she looked at me, "Can I take a couple of these?"
"Sure, whatever turns you on."
We arranged for me to pick her up Monday and I went home.
Monday I picked her up and we headed to Oklahoma. Jody reached in the back and put the booklets she had borrowed back in my briefcase.
"Interesting reading, think any of them are true?"
"Yeah I think quite a few of them are."
"It could be fun to be the subject of one of those letters. No strings attached, one nighter, with no inhibitions anything goes," she looked at me.
Looking over I said, "I agree that it would be a very hot evening."
"Hmmmm."
The rest of the trip was fairly quiet and uneventful. Busy day at work, quick dinner and then checked into the hotel. Jody and I were the last ones to check in. Since I came there all the time I had one of the suites near the front of the hotel away from where most of the others were staying. I had checked in and Jody was checking in.
"Any rooms up near his?" she asked the clerk
"There is a connecting room next to it."
"Put me in there," she said.
Interesting I thought. I headed to my room and about 5 minutes later I heard the door next door shut. Settled into my room and changed into gym shorts and laid on the bed relaxing. Was about to go to sleep when there was a knock on the door adjoining our rooms. Opening the door Jody was standing there in jeans and tank top.
"Come in," I said, stepping aside to let her in.
"I was just wondering if I could get another of the Forum booklets to read."
I walked to the desk, opened my briefcase and pulled them out. Walking to her, she looked at them and took one from the pile.
"Thanks. Have a good night."
"You too."
She stepped back into her room and I closed the door. Stripping down naked, I got into bed and went to sleep.
The rest of the week was busy but uneventful. Jody borrowed some more reading material from the library and continued her readings.
Thursday night we all went out to dinner at a nice steak place on a nearby lake. Jody and one other coworker had ridden out with me but only Jody rode back. Not sure why but tonight was a little rowdy for the group with everyone drinking pretty heavily. Some were headed to another bar for follow on drinks. We had decided to head back to the hotel along with those who were not continuing the party. I did not think that Jody needed anything else to drink anyway.
On the way back Jody was leaning her head against my shoulder. She was being quiet and I thought she might have dozed off.
We were nearing the hotel when she asked, "Do those stories turn you on?
"Yes, some of them," I answered.
"Make your dick hard?"
"Yes." This conversation was getting interesting and I wondered exactly where she was going with it.
"Ever jerk off reading them?"
I looked down at her in the dark car, "Yes."
"Me too. Some of those stories made me really horny."
"Sorry I missed that," I said.
She sat up and looked at me, "Really?"
"Oh yes, watching someone masturbate is a real turn-on."
"I have never watched someone else masturbate," she said.
"Have you ever just jerked a guy off?" I asked.
She looked away for a second and answered softly, "Yes."
"Did you like watching him cum?"
Still not looking at me, "Yes, it's amazing to see a guy cum."
"I think it is hot to see a woman cum too."
She did not respond but put her head back on my shoulder. I could feel my cock stirring.
We got back to the hotel and I dropped her off at her room. She was definitely not feeling any pain.
"See you in the morning," I said
"Sure, see ya."
She went into her room and I went into mine. It was late and had been a long week. I striped down and got ready to go to bed. Was watching the weather when I heard a faint knock on the adjoining door. Getting up, I found my shorts and went to answer the door. Jody was standing there dressed in a matching red bra and panty set.
"Can I come in?"
"Yes, please join me," I said, waving her into the room.
"I could not stop thinking about you jerking off. Was sitting in there wondering if you were doing it tonight and I was missing it."
"No, you were not missing anything but it was an exciting chat we were having on the way back. Were you masturbating over there?"
She looked down at the floor, "A little. I decided to see if you were up."
"Did you come over here to masturbate for me?"
"Yes, if you will let me watch you jack off."
My cock was definitely awake now and began pushing against my shorts. I saw Jody staring at my cock as it grew. Taking her by the hand I lead her over to the bed. I sat her on the edge of the bed.
"Wait here a second," I said as I stepped into the bathroom to retrieve a bottle of lube I carried with me and a towel. Placing them on the night stand I stood in front of Jody.
Her face was right in front of my cock. I reached into my shorts and grabbed by cock. With my other hand I pulled my shorts down and then stepped out of them.
She was staring at my cock as my hand slowly moved over it.
She reached out with her hand, "May I?"
I nodded yes and she reached out to touch the tip of my cock. It looked like she shuddered a bit when she touched it. I continued to stroke my cock lightly and her hand went into her panties reaching for her pussy.
"Lie down," I said.
She laid back on the bed and I moved next to her, one hand slowly stroking my cock, the other fondling her bra covered tit. Her left hand was in her panties and I could see that she was fingering herself. Her head was turned toward me as she watched me stroking. Leaning in towards her I whispered in her ear, "Take your panties off." My cock was right by her mouth and she moved and kissed the tip of my cock. She then reached down and pulled her panties off and then unhooked her bra and laid back on the bed.
She went back to fingering her well trimmed pussy with two, then three fingers. Her fingers made a squishing sound as they moved in her pussy. I took some of my lube and coated my cock with it. Still standing next to her I fondled her now naked fat tits. She was clearly enjoying herself, looking at my cock, closing her eyes and humping her fingers. I wanted a better view and moved to the end of the bed and spread her legs. I crawled up between them, my cock over her finger filled pussy. I love to watch women masturbate like this and it was having an effect on my cock. Jody was looking down her body at my cock as I stroked it. We continued playing with ourselves, watching each other as her fingers squished in her pussy and my fist stroked my cock.
Sensing I was cumming, I asked her, "Where do you want me to cum?"
"On my pussy and fingers,' she said, her breath beginning to get ragged.
Watching her fingers fly faster over her pussy sent me over the edge and I began to cum. First shots on her hand then I aimed at her pussy covering it all in cum. As my hot cum hit her pussy her orgasm hit her and she shoved four fingers and my cum deep into her pussy. The orgasm raced through her body as it tensed and she gasped for breath. My still hard cock hovered over her pussy. As her orgasm eased she pulled her hand up to her mouth and cleaned her juices and my cum off of her fingers. I moved forward and guided my cock into her still quivering pussy. Her eyes widen as I drove my cock all the way in her and began to slowly fuck her. Her pussy was a sloppy mess and my hard on was starting to sag. After a couple of minutes my spent cock slid out of her pussy and I rolled on the bed next to her.
"Thank you, that was amazing. I love the way your cum tastes." she said.
"I loved watching you cum. It is one of my favorite things to see."
"I did not plan on you sticking your cock in me, I have never fucked a married guy, but your cock felt really good in my pussy."
"Not sure that qualifies as fucking me."
"Maybe not, but not sure I am ready to do that," she said.
"It's not a problem with me. I am not going to force anything on you. Was not trying to make you do something you did not want to, but your pussy looked so nice and my cock was right there."
"I'm okay, like I said, it felt good."
"You want to sleep here tonight?" I asked.
"Yes I would, but let's keep your cock out of me," she said.
Chuckling, I said, "No problem."
Reaching over I turned the light off and rolled back to her. I settled in behind her with my limp cock in her butt crack as we fell asleep.
I awoke to movement in the bed. Jody had gotten out of the bed and gone to the bathroom. It was 6:15 in the morning, about 30 minutes before my alarm would go off. I heard the toilet flush and then Jody slid back into the bed. I was facing her with my eyes shut hoping for a little more sleep.
Sensing something was up, I opened my eyes. She was right in front of me looking right at me.
"Good morning," I said.
"Hi," she answered.
We looked at each other for a few seconds.
Jody spoke first,"I really enjoyed getting off with you last night. It surprised me when you stuck your cock in me. I have had a rule about fucking married guys but think mutual masturbation or oral sex is okay."
"It was very sexy playing with you, I enjoyed it very much. I apologize for sticking my cock in you. I did not mean to upset you."
"Like I said, fucking married guys has not been something I have done. Your cock felt really good in me and I was almost mad you stopped, so I am really confused about how I feel about this right now."
"No obligations, no strings. If you want, this can be it, we had a great time and leave it at that."
She thought for a minute,"I appreciate that." Moving to me she reached around to hug me. My cock had started to wake up as we had talked and when she pulled our bodies together, my hardening cock pressed against her just below her belly button.
She laughed, "Something is awake."
"Yeah he has a mind of his own. He just heard masturbation, BJ and fucking and missed the rest of the conversation. Besides, I am in bed naked with a sexy woman."
She did not push against me but she did not pull away either. My now hard cock just pulsed between us. After a couple of minutes, she rolled out of bed and said," I am going to get ready to go. See you in a bit."
"Okay."
She returned to her room, closing the door behind her.
I met up with her in the lobby later as we checked out. We went into work and both were busy most of the day working with our staff and the client, not really spending any time together.
Around 5 pm everybody loaded up to drive back home. Jody joined me for the trip and hopped into the front seat. We had some idle chat about how our days had gone and then fell into silence as we drove, the winter early darkness surrounding us.
As we neared her house Jody turned and looked at me.
"What are we going to do?"
"About what," I answered.
"I am not sure what I want to do. It was very exciting being with you last night, but am really concerned about fucking a married guy, especially one I work with."
"I do not want you doing anything you are uncomfortable with. Last night was a great time, but like I told you, no strings, no expectations. Not looking to put you in a position where you feel like you need to do something. We can just put it down as one crazy evening in our lives and go on. Whatever you want to do."
"Thanks for being understanding."
We pulled up to her apartment and I got out to help unload her things from the trunk.
"5 am Monday?" I asked.
"Yeah, one more week. See you then."
She stepped up, kissed me, grabbed her things and went inside.
Going to have to see where next week took us.