Incest Was Best
By Perry Jones


Introduction:  This is a continuing serial story.  Please read previous chapters for continuity.


Chapter Four

	The next day, Kathy left school early, only an hour after she had arrived. She told the nurse and the vice principal that she wasn't feeling well and needed to go home. But that wasn't quite true.

	She felt depressed more than anything else. Depressed and worried. It had to do with her father and her feelings about him. She needed time to herself, time to think. She had no way of knowing right now that one little sperm wiggler had found her egg and implanted itself thus rendering her pregnant.  It would be several weeks before she would know for certain, however.

	As she opened the gate and walked through the front yard to her house, Kathy realized that she would probably continue to feel depressed until she finally experienced what her Uncle Dan had assured her would eventually happen: a good, hard fucking from her daddy.

	Until she had talked to Uncle Dan about her forbidden desires for her father, Kathy had worried that it might be wrong to feel that way about her own father. And she had been convinced that it would never happen anyway, that her father would never want to fuck her.

	But now, she believed her uncle, who had never lied to her before. She was convinced that there was nothing wrong with her feelings and that they were, in fact, beautiful and natural. And she tried to hang onto her uncle's words about how her father wanted to fuck her too!

	Kathy sighed unhappily as she let herself into the house. How she hoped her uncle was right! For Kathy didn't honestly know how much longer she could go on without fucking her father. Her burning pussy needed his big cock so badly!

	As she stood in the living room, uncertain of how to spend her free time, Kathy heard a sound from the back of the house. Could someone else be home? There shouldn't be. She knew her brother, Tony, was at school. And her father had left early for his office, saying that he had to have an important meeting with his new secretary, Angela. Kathy's mother had left early that morning too. She had driven out of town to spend a few days with her sister.

	Kathy heard the sound again. And, this time, a low moan-and voices. Her heart skipped a beat. Who could it be? Puzzled and more than a little frightened, she crept silently to the back of the house. The sounds were coming from the den. As Kathy approached the door, she realized that the noises she was hearing were beginning to sound suspiciously like the sounds made by two people who were fucking each other. No, it couldn't be, she told herself.

	Kathy peered into the dent through the half-open door and her breath caught in her throat. It was all she could do not to cry out when she saw who was in there.

	On the roll away bed, which they used for guests, were her father and his secretary, Angela. They were both completely naked and they were in the middle of what was obviously a very hot fuck session!

	Kathy's hand flew to her throat and her eyes widened in shock and pain as she watched the man whose cock she wanted more than anything else in the world fucking his secretary!

	"C'mon, baby, wrap those beautiful legs of yours around me!" Jerry Walker groaned.

	"Deeper! Deeper!" Angela cried frantically. "Fuck me deeper with that gorgeous big cock of yours, Jerry!"

	They were fucking as if there was no tomorrow, as if their lives depended on it. Kathy watched as her father pistoned his huge, stiff prick into Angela's cunt with long, powerful, deep fuck-strokes. Angela groaned with pleasure, begging for more fucking.

	"I'm ready to pop, honey," Jerry panted hoarsely. "Still want my cum all over your beautiful tits like you said?"

	"God, yes, Jerry! I love it when you do that!"

	Suddenly, Jerry pulled his cock out of his secretary's cunt. Kathy licked her lips hungrily at its immense size, seeing for herself that her uncle had been telling her the truth. Her father's cock was every bit as long as her uncle's: a good ten inches! And what was even more exciting was that his prick was thicker! She had had no complaints about Uncle Dan's cock. It was gorgeous! But, looking at her daddy's cock now, Kathy knew intuitively that his prick could give her an even better fuck!

	Jerry's prick shot off a fountain of fuck-cream. Cum shot through his twitching cum-slit in a thick stream and splashed all over Angela's big tits. When he had finished coming, Angela spread her fingers over her tits and smeared the fresh, warm jizz all over them.

	Kathy was a little surprised by her own feelings as she watched the lewd fuck session. She was very turned on. Just the sight of her father's huge hard cock was enough to make her pussy drool. But she also felt angry. Cheated. It was one thing for him to fuck her mother. Even though Kathy didn't like to think about that, she knew that her parents fucked each other and she knew it was only natural. But if he wanted to cheat on his wife, why did he have to pick his tramp of a secretary? Why couldn't he have picked Kathy, who wanted his cock so badly? Jealousy raged through the young girl. She was turned on, but now more depressed than ever, too.

	As she continued to watch, unable to force herself to leave, Angela positioned herself on the bed for an ass-fuck.

	"Oh, God," Kathy whispered under her breath.

	She felt hypnotized. She wanted to watch. She needed to watch. Her pussy was oozing out more and more creamy cunt-juice. But it hurt so much to watch her father make love to another woman. She wanted him all to herself.

	Angela was on her knees, giving Jerry-and Kathy-a perfect view of her spread ass. Her fingers slipped into the crack of her ass and, clutching the plump ass-globes, pulled them apart as far as they would go,

	Kathy could see Angela's peeled-open pussy, which was framed by black fuzz. Between her spread thighs, her big tits dangled down, their tips hard and pointing.

	Jerry grinned and guided his hard-on toward the throbbing, tight asshole in front of him.

	Fuck her, fuck her! Kathy yelled in her mind. But, at the same time, she thought. No, Dont fuck her, Daddy! Fuck me! I love you! She was so mixed up, she didn't know what to think. But one thing she knew for sure: she couldn't walk away from the hot fuck action that was about to take place in front of her. Not yet. She had to watch.

	Jerry thrust his hips forward, fucking his hard cock into his secretary's ass.

	"I want it all, Jerry!" she yelled.

	As Kathy watched with widening eyes, her father gave Angela just what she wanted. His balls clenched tightly in their sac as his prick stabbed to the core of her quivering asshole.

	With every cock-thrust, Angela chanted, "Fuck me, Jerry! Fuck my ass!"

	Kathy could hardly believe her own eyes and ears. She had never watched anyone fucking before and the sight turned her on powerfully. But still, underneath her rising lust, Kathy was extremely jealous. That woman didn't have a right to be fucking her father. Only Kathy had that right!

	"Oh, baby, your ass is so tight! I'm gonna come any second!"

	"Shoot it, honey," Angela said lewdly. "Shoot all of your jizz up my ass!"

	Kathy watched as he father pumped his load of jism into Angela's asshole. Then he withdrew his prick with a loud, squishing sound. Kathy stared, entranced, at Angela's asshole. She could see her daddy's cum spilling down the insides of her thighs. Kathy had never seen anything like it.

	"Feel satisfied?" Jerry asked as Angela fell to her side with her hand between her legs.

	Kathy could see that the horny young woman had rammed her finger up her asshole and was working it around in the warm cum, still dribbling from her overflowing asshole.

	"You know me, Jerry. I'm never satisfied!" she laughed throatily.

	"Yeah, I know you all right. You fuck like some horny little teenager who just can't get enough of this new thing called sex!"

	Angela laughed again. "Tell me the truth, Jerry. Would you rather be sticking your big cock into a little pussy like that? A little teenage pussy?"

	Jerry didn't laugh with her. Instead, he looked very serious, thinking about the question. Kathy inhaled sharply, waiting for her father's answer, feeling that it was very important to her. Now she would know whether Uncle Dan knew what he was talking about or not^-whether her father dreamed about fucking her as much as she dreamed about fucking him.

	"Yeah, I admit, there is one little teenage pussy I'd love to fuck my cock into!" Jerry said.

	Angela looked surprised. "Hey, I was only kidding, but you're really serious, aren't you?"

	"Dont get me wrong, Angela. I love fucking you. You know that. But there's a certain little girl I know who I'd really give something to fuck! Sometimes, it's all I can think about!" he said, shaking his head. Then he smiled. "But enough of that!"

	Kathy was heartbroken. So her father knew some other young girl he wanted to fuck! She wondered who it was. Maybe it was even one of her friends. As tears streamed down the pretty teenager's face, she vowed to herself never to bring any of her friends over to the house again. She wasn't about to make it easier for her father to fuck whatever young pussy it was he wanted.

	"Fuck my mouth, Jerry. Please!" Angela suddenly cried.

	"You want to suck my cock real bad, dont you, honey?" He asked, obviously pleased.

	Kathy wiped her tears from her face and looked into the room once again. In spite of the awful truth she had just learned about her father, she had to watch.

	"No, honey, I dont want to just suck your cock. I want you to fuck my mouth with it-real hard!" Angela answered.

	"It's not hard enough yet, Angela," Jerry said sadly, looking down at his semi-hard prick.

	"Dont worry, Jerry," Angela laughed. "It will be soon enough!"

	With that, she turned over onto her back and opened her mouth as widely as possible. Jerry grinned and crawled on top of her, his half-hard cock dangling in his hand. With his legs straddling his secretary's lush firm body, he pressed his crotch against her face and quickly penetrated her mouth with his prick.

	"Mmmmmmmfffffffff," Angela gurgled, with a throatful of spongy cock. "Gooooooood!"

	She began to lap at his semi-hard prick with her hot tongue. Very soon, her wet slurping sounds became so loud and frantic they filled the entire room.

	Jerry's cock began to harden, his ass twitching with pleasure as he felt his prick lengthening and thickening in Angela's sexy, sucking mouth. Then he suddenly swung his hips into motion and he began to fuck her mouth just as she had asked him to do.

	Caught up in the lustful excitement that filled the den, Kathy couldn't stop herself from slipping her hand between her legs. She began to finger-fuck her drooling cunt as he continued to watch the hot action taking place right before her eyes.

	Before long, she was finger-fucking herself so violently that, without even realizing it, she had ripped her panties. Breathing hard and fast, the young girl jammed three fingers into her foaming pussy and her thumb beat steadily against her throbbing clit as though she were playing a musical instrument.

	She felt like moaning aloud. But she knew she couldn't. Above all else, she could not be caught. It might have been different if she thought her father was attracted to her, the way she was to him and the way that her Uncle Dan thought he was. But now that Kathy knew the truth, that he was attracted to some other teenager, she knew that nothing good could come of his catching her finger-fucking herself. Instead of being turned on by the sight, he would probably just be furious and she couldn't handle that. So the young, finger-fucking girl stifled her moans, biting her lip to keep from crying out in her passion as her orgasm mounted.

	Meanwhile, Angela didn't have to worry about keeping quiet. Her loud, guttural moans of lust filled the small room as Jerry continued to fuck her mouth with his hard cock. Now his cock was its full ten inches once again and his prick throbbed and twitched hotly inside Angela's experienced, sucking mouth.

	Jerry groaned and rammed his thick cock to the hilt, feeling his balls pinching against Angela's chin. His ass rotated in a wide circle as his cock reamed out her soft throat. He closed his eyes and pretended that he was fucking the deepest cunt imaginable, a cunt that sucked and nibbled and throbbed against his cock.

	"Oh, shit, I'm gonna come!" Jerry gasped.

	"Yeah, Daddy, do it! Come all over her face," Kathy whispered to herself as she continued to finger-fuck her streaming cunt.

	Jerry's balls tightened up painfully and began to pump cum into Angela's mouth. He howled as his jism began to fill the horny secretary's mouth.

	Angela's cheeks swelled until they could hold no more. Then her lips burst open, releasing a foamy torrent of hot cum from her mouth so forcefully that it pushed Jerry's cock out of her mouth. His creamy cum splashed all over Angela's face and her large heaving tits.

	Kathy moaned softly. She was so turned on that she was having one orgasm on top of another, until she lost count. She continued to fuck her cunt-juice-soaked fingers into her spasming pussy as wave after wave of hot climax poured over her.

	Jerry and Angela were lying quietly in each other's arms now. And, as the last of Kathy's orgasms subsided, she looked at them with a lost, sad feeling. How she longed to be held by her daddy like that! She was jealous and depressed beyond belief. She had to get away.

	She rearranged her clothes and turned to leave. She felt so sad. She needed someone to talk to. Someone who would understand her. Someone who would hold her and comfort her. Someone who would stroke her burning flesh and make love to her.

	Suddenly, Kathy smiled. Uncle Dan! She would go to his house and confide in him about what she had just seen. He would give her just what she needed. And how! she thought, thinking with renewed lust of his ten-inch cock. Maybe she couldn't have her father. But she could have her uncle. At least, he wanted her, Kathy thought with tears in her large eyes. He lived only a few blocks away. She would go there right now.

	
To Be Continued

