Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Forty-Two: The Goddess's Perilous Offer
Summary: MF MFFF inc oral anal lac voy exhib fantasy magic
Keywords: The Goddess Throwia makes Kurits a perilous and dangeours offer! Can he refuse it?
Copyright: 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Kurtis  Drakin Castle, the Haunted Forest

Fear poured through my body as I faced Throwia. The Goddess of Strife and Suffering sauntered forward, her large breasts jiggling in the corset of black leather that lifted them into quivering mounds. Her bloody whip dragged on the ground, leaving a trail of gleaming crimson as she approached me.

I moved down the stairs, my heart thudding. My cock dripped with the demon Beliala's pussy cream. What was Throwia doing here? Had she learned that we were trying to free Las? Was she here to hurt us? Stop us?

Gods couldn't spend much time in this world. They could manifest, but only under specific conditions. Las and Pater were the best at it, but... Throwia was here. Did it really matter how long she could stay if all she had to do was hit me with that whip?

Her heels clicked with her each step. Her eyes flicked me up and down with a dark hunger. I stopped at the base of the stairs, so aware that my sisters were behind me. My mother was in her full dragon form, and she did not feel strong enough for this task. Nephi, the rakshasas, and the werewolves were all lying in whimpering pain. The succubus and incubus cowered in the shadows.

Brother, Throwia purred. Her voice dripped with darkness. How interesting to run into you here of all places? Are you here for the same reason that I am?

I fought my swallow. My hands clenched. I wanted to cover myself. To run. Cower. But I couldn't. She was the lion, and she would pounce if I bolted. This was worst than facing down Queen Athirmi. 

Which is? I managed to ask.

She arched a dark eyebrow. The elf Xerathalasia and the halfling Minx found a miracle here that let them breed, Throwia purred. Something that the madmen Vebrin cooked up here. A hermaphrodite and a dual-sex woman should not have children, and yet... that is what happened.

I nodded slowly. I have an interest in breeding... some hermaphrodites.

Her eyes flicked to my dragon. Not even High King Peter bred his dragon. But I can see why you would want that.

I realized she didn't know everything about me. That I had already bred my mother, the one hermaphrodite that I could breed.

And you're interested in breeding? I asked, wanting to stall her. Maybe wait out how long she could be manifested here. Keep her talking.

I am very interested in breeding, she purred. I want to have a daughter with my wife. I was hoping there would be something here, but... She flicked her eyes past me. I just knew she was staring at the demon. Everyone I failing to find it here.

Beliala whimpered. Even broken to my will, she was terrified of Throwia. Please, my Goddess, it's not here. I've had the fairies search everywhere. There is nothing left. Whatever it is, Xerathalasia and Minx took it.

Quiet! snapped Throwia, her face dark and frighting.

Beliala screamed in agony as if she were just struck. I threw a look to see her collapsing on the floor and writhing in agony. When I glanced back at Throwia, she had this smug smile on her lips. This wicked gleam in her eyes.

Throwia's face darkens. Quiet!

As Beliala screamed, Throwia surveyed the room. A dragon. Is that you, Azuliana? Not dead like I heard. Tsk, tsk. The goddess wagged an admonishing finger at my dragon-mother. And entwined around a Son of Lust. You should have better control over your desires. And who else... Ah, two Daughters of Las, as... And... one is also a phoenix. Her gaze shot to me. Who are you, brother?

Kurtis, I said with all the confidence I could muster. I stared at her, putting pride into my words.

Kurtis... She said that name slowly. Something in her posture shifted. A considering look flicked across her face as she studied me with those ancient, inhuman eyes. So you came looking for the treasure, too, yes? No lies. I have no patience for those games.

Yes, I admitted. 

And you want to breed those you can't. Like I want to breed my beloved Vedr?

I didn't know what to say. What was the correct answer. She was a black hole to me. I couldn't feel her at all. There was no lust from her. No desire that I could read. To my powers, it was like she wasn't even here. I couldn't judge her mood let alone influence her.

So I went with the truth again. I do. And?

And I can't spend much time in this world. Something like annoyance or maybe anger flashed across her face. It causes... issues. Things will start to break beneath my divine weight. There, I can't search for what I need. I have to rely on lesser servants.

Beliala screamed again.

And since you have cost me one of my more reliable servants, I require a replacement to find another source. A more cunningly hidden one.

Which is? I asked. This was the being I had to free my father from. I had no clue how to do it.

A legend, Throwia said, moving closer. Her whip whisked as she dragged it across the floor. More blood ran down it. Whispered about in dark corners. Maybe a myth. Maybe not.

What is it? I asked, my heart pounding suddenly. This... eagerness shot through me.

The Cradle of Life.

I shook my head. I haven't heard of it.

Few have. Disgust spread on her face. The Cradle of Life is said to allow any individual to breed with another. Even with a thing. An object. It is Las's potency in an artifact. A woman could create life with another woman. You could breed the dragon.

My heart beat faster.

Yes, yes, I can see your lust for it in your eyes. She grimaced. But our father, the God of Lust himself, hid it away. I have been... trying to pry that information from him, but our dear father is a cruel man. He does not care much for his children. He's spiteful. Vindictive. If you do not give him pleasure, you are worth nothing to him.

Maybe he has a good reason to hide it, I said, my stomach lurching. My father sired me just to free himself from Throwia. Was that all I was to him? A tool. To keep it out of the wrong hands or something. That sounds powerful. Dangerous in the wrong hands.

Throwia laughed. He doesn't do anything for good. For morality. He acts only to satiate his desires. He denies me the location because he takes pleasure in watching me squirm. Do you know why, Kurtis? Why he torments me?

Don't you torment him? rippled through my mind. I held back that comment and asked, Why?

Rage burned in her eyes. Because I won't spread my thighs for our father! I have tried everything save demeaning myself to get him to talk, but he denies me a chance to make a goddess with my beloved Vedr. To give birth to a new goddess. The Goddess of Storms!

Why did he hide it from the world, though? I asked. Surely there's more to his reasoning than just that he takes delight in thwarting you. I would, I thought, if you chained me up and hurt me for years now.

She smiled, but there was no joy or warmth. It was like Pradu's smile before I broke her. One that delighted in pain and cruelty. You know why I think he hid it away? She leaned closer. Because it would let anyone be as fruitful as him. Able to breed anything, even the ground. The air. The water. New races would be born. New life created that had not existed. He is jealous to maintain his dominance of lust. No one else can do what he can!

I swallowed.

Las's potency and virility surpasses even that of Pater, the God of Fatherhood, or Matar, the Goddess of Motherhood. They are constrained by the same biology as the rest of us. Seed must be planted in a womb to create new life. New gods, demigoddesses, and mortal races!

But not Las! He merely has to ejaculate on the world, and wherever his seed lands, new life springs up. He doesn't need anything but the stone you stand on. You think he would let anyone else have that power? He hid it away for thousands of years, jealously protecting it. He would rather howl for eternity than let it be found.

He would rather deny me, his own daughter, progeny with my beloved Vedr to maintain his petty grip of lust. That is the sort of foul, disgusting, vindictive creature he is. He has no love for you or I, brother. Nor for those sisters of yours. Though he would bed them all and breed them just for the thrill of it. That is all the world is to him: ways to satiate his perverse lusts.

And the Cradle can do all that? I asked. Let you have a child with your wife? Me with those I crave to breed.

The dragon is your mother, right? asked Throwia. Now that she is in a human form, I can see the maternal bond. She fears for you the way only a mother can. Las bred her. With the cradle, you could breed her, too.

Maybe it's a good thing, I said, my heart lurching. I didn't want to help Throwia get this, either. Las had to have a good reason for denying her. He had to care. The monsters born by our father have caused problems. Maybe that's why he hid it away so no more... mistakes will be created.

She laughed. You think he cares about the consequences of his actions. My fellow gods and I have had to work to keep him from masturbating and spraying his cum across the world. He would gladly spawn more monsters. Lust does not care about the consequences of what happens after the orgasm. It just craves that release. That burst of pleasure. That's all Las cares about, too. No, no, he hid it away so none other could do the things he can.

Still, I said. It's good that he hid it away not matter what his reasons are. I mean, we stand here, in Drakin Castle where the Biomancer Vebrin worked his foul deeds. He had to labor to create monsters. If he had this Cradle of Life... And he's not the only one. The Warlocks of Chevsa also make monsters. Maybe it should stay lost.

True, said Throwia. The world wouldn't survive with two Gods of Lust spraying their jizz around. But I have no intention of abusing this power. Mortal piss, I have spent eons cleaning up after our father's messes to want more of that. I have one use for it: to create a daughter with my beloved Vedr.

I believed her. She wasn't a lustful goddess. She was a cruel one.

You do not know how much of a trial it was just to marry her. For eons, we have craved what the other gods have. Progeny. Not those foul things that I had to birth to marry my Vedr like that disgusting Beliala whimpering up there. I don't want to birth demigods, I want a true goddess with Vedr.
And you want me to find this artifact, I said. And what do I get out of it?

She stared at me. What do you want? My body?

My cock lurched.

Fine, fine, I will allow you to enjoy the gracious company of my body if you bring me the Cradle of Life. I will even allow you to use it for specific breedings.


Fine, she said with such flippancy. It was too easy.

I swallowed, nervous. How do I even know I can trust you?

Trust me? Her smile held not a hint of sincerity. What have I ever done to prove myself untrustworthy.

You have been torturing these fairies and werewolves, I said. Forcing them to work for you. Taking hostages to get them to cooperate. It's not very... inspiring that you can be trusted.

Do you want me to take your sisters as hostages? she asked, her eyes cold and hard. Instead of making this bargain with you, I could just take them until you found the Cradle. Is that how you want to do this, Kurtis? I think they would find my... hospitality scintillating.

Of course not, I growled. I just want some way to know that you'll uphold your end of the bargain. I want assurances that you won't harm me and my loved ones.

Don't wrong me like that fairy-hag did, snarled Throwia. You work with me, and I won't have a need to use those methods on you. 

So I get the Cradle, and you free our father and let me use the bowl after you? I asked. And let me... enjoy your gracious company.

Mmm, yes, she said, her eyes so hard to read. I wish I could feel her desires. Have an inkling of what she truly felt. And as a sign of good faith, you can release those fairies and werewolves. I'm quite done with them. Keep them or free them or kill them, I don't care. Just find me the Cradle, and I won't interfere with you.

And once I'm done, I won't hear from you again? Me and my family part ways with you?

I don't care what you do after I have bred my wife.

Promise me as a goddess, I insisted. Your word on it.

She rolled her eyes. I promise.

My mouth went dry with fear as I demanded, No, I want you to say it.

Her eyes hardened with something... dangerous. Deadly. I, Throwia, Goddess of Suffering, do swear on my godly powers to honor the terms of our agreement. Is that good enough, brother? 

I swallowed, my insides twisting into knots. Fine. It's more than agreeable. I will hunt for this Cradle of Life. I hesitated. Do you have any idea where I can find it?

Throwia let out an annoyed sigh. Our wonderful father made it so no god can find it. She flicked her wrist and cracked her whip on the ground. Blood sprayed from the impact. Maybe one of the oracles can tell you. They're not full gods. They can see things that others hide.

Why haven't you asked them?

She drew in a deep breath and exhaled like a furious lioness. I have tried, but they don't like the gods. The Oracle of Sands was quite uncooperative. And her parents are very protective of her and her sisters so I can't... encourage them to cooperate. But you...You are a demigod like them. Maybe they'll help you.

I was going to see one anyways. Okay.

Now, do heed this warning, Kurtis. You are not the only pawns I have looking for it. Many mortals hunger for coin and... other rewards. I have promised much to men and women as skilled and dangerous as you. They might not wish to lose out on glory. She shook her head. Greed can lead men to do such dastardly deeds.

Kurtis nodded. And that's not your fault? You swore, Throwia.

She smiled. They are not my minions. Just those seeking a reward I've offered. I have no control over them. Or you. Unless... She glanced at my sisters. If you want to serve me in a more direct capacity, surrender your sisters to my loving care then all will know you are under my protection.

No! The words exploded from me.

She laughed in amusement at my defiance. Her whip twitched in her hand. It was mocking. Like a mother indulging a petulant child's outburst. The anger swelled in me. More and more, I was hating her. I didn't want her to ever get her hands on the Cradle of Life now, but...

I had to free my father.

Well, you're a resourceful young man. I'm sure they won't be any problems. Find an oracle, any should do, and maybe they will help you. If not, scour the world. There are clues to it somewhere!

I had planned to see the Oracle of the Serpents in the Shizhuth Empire, I told her.

She arched an eyebrow. Interesting. And how do you plan on convincing the nagas to let you do that? The empress is quite... possessive of her oracle, and the creature doesn't seem to care that she's aiding them.

I have an ambassadorship from the Queen of Naith, I said, grinning. I went through a lot to get it.

Throwia stared at me for a long moment, her brow furrowing in thought. Her eyes flicked around the room. You really think that is wise? There are other oracles in the world. The Oracle of the Sand or the Oracle of Whispers, if you dare to brave the Dead Isle. You might try to use the Oracle of Sekar, but she only normally gives a prophecy to the newest king of Secare. You could send a sister to visit the Oracle of Lesbius. But you want to go to the Oracle of the Serpents?

I want to fuck a naga, I said. The empress sounds like a fun one to fuck and breed.

The goddess snorted. Yes, yes, you are our father's son. But there is a fatal flaw in your plan.

My brow knitted. Which is?

The Empress would be obligated to see you as an ambassador sent to negotiate with her, but you have nothing to offer her to let her see her precious oracle. Throwia leaned down. If you pressed her, she would kill you, ambassadorship or not. That flimsy piece of paper is the only thing that will keep you alive so long as you don't... anger her. She can always send Queen Athirmi an apology after she's executed you. Some gold to smooth out that... mistake.

A chill ran down my spine.

Even if you killed her greatest warleader before her eyes to prove your strength, she would not let you see the oracle. This is a mistake. Choose another.

I'm going to Naith, I repeated. I might as well try while I'm there.

She guards the Oracle with powerful shadow magics and guards chained to her will. She is jealous of any accessing the oracle's prophecies. It was with her that the empress's ancestor had united Shizhuth from a collection of warring shahdoms to the strong empire it is today. You need something outstanding to briber her.

You know something, I said, studying her. 

Throwia smiled. Of course I do. I'm a goddess. If you want to win her, you have to prove yourself access to resources that will make her wet with greed. She will have to see you almost as a god. Something powerful that showers her in delights.

Such as? I asked.

Throwia flicked her gaze up the stairs. My stomach lurched. Then she returned her gaze to me. I know the empresses well. The nagas are my favorite race our lecherous father birthed. They are so arrogant and capricious. They do not flinch from their appetites, cruel and delicious as they are. So I understand them. The current empress has such an ego, she considers herself a goddess.

So you need a gift worthy of a goddess.

Okay, I said. Suggestions.

Something rare and exotic, said Throwia. Like a moon maiden. None has ever captured one, and soon one will be coming down at Nemberon Plains. Capture her and hand her over to the empress

I will not hand over an innocent creature to the cruel mercies of the nagas! I spat. I had seen enough of what the rakshasas did, and they were the tame ones.

You are a fool! spat Throwia. I thought it was pointless to tell you to offer your phoenix sister or your dragon mother to the empress, but a stranger? You are worried about what will happen to a moon maiden that you don't even know?

I am not going to deliver anyone to bondage and torment! I growled back, glaring at the goddess.

What do you care about the fate of a moon maiden when she can get you what you crave? Everything you want is before you, and all you have to do is deliver one moon maiden. One! You don't have to witness what the empress does to her.

NO! I folded my arms. I'm not like you, Throwia.

Obviously, she spat. I would hand over that mother of yours. The nagas despise dragons after being humiliated by Dominari for centuries, their ambition to invade Zeutch thwarted by her and now by Angela's Knights Dragoon. If you gave her your mother, the empress would shower you in riches. She would marry you and make her rule with her. You could have more power and wealth and women than your wildest imaginations.

I shook my head.

You love your mother. I understand that, but the moon maiden? She threw her hands up in the air in disgust. 

I don't care about all of that if it means one innocent being suffers.

She let out a long, annoyed breath. Fine. She sneered. Such a weak, weak brother. I doubt you will find the Cradle, but... there is another way to win her favor.

Which is?

If you give her a treasure of the gods. A divine artifact. If you give something like that to the empress, it will inflate her ego even more. Allow her to show off that she is an equal to the gods to her subjects. She will rally them to lead to new glories for the empire, new slaves to capture, and all that rhetoric. She'll think she can finally crush the Knights Dragoon keeping them penned in. That would be a gift that would let you see the oracle.

Throwia didn't seem to think the nagas could defeat the knightly order that Sir Angela had founded. I stared at her. And you know of one, don't you?

She smiled. Yes, yes. I can get it to you by the time you have the moon maiden.

My brow furrowed. Why do I still need to get the moon maiden?

You are going to need to wow the empress in the first place, said Throwia. Find the moon maiden, seduce her, and add her to your growing harem. You do not want to reveal that you have a dragon for the nagas will annihilate you out of hatred. You also might want to keep from them the fact you have a phoenix for a sister, too. You show up with a moon maiden, that will pique the empress's interest. Then you present the item I will deliver to you as payment to see the oracle.

I suppose that makes sense, I said, my cock twitching. Where do I find this moon maiden?

She will appear on Nemberon Plains soon. You should make it in time. She stretched her back. You can keep that worthless Beliala and her incubus and succubus if you want. If not, send them back to me. I would dearly love to talk to them.

Beliala whimpered.

Then Throwia vanished. Her presence left the room. My knees wobbled. I almost collapsed from the stress melting from me. Shouts echoed behind me. I turned to find my two sisters rushing down the stairs towards me, black and red hair flying.

Pyrriah and Lasla threw themselves against me. Their around breasts pressed into my chest. I hugged them to me as they kissed at my lips. They were just such delights. I was glad to have them hugging me like that. It was wonderful.

I was so scared, Lasla whimpered. She trembled in my arms. She just... there she was. Throwia.

Gods, she was so frightening, whimpered Pyrriah. She could have hurt us all.

I almost said, If she knew we were birthed by our fathers to save him, she would have. But I didn't. We weren't alone. Fairies watched us. I had to be careful what I said around them. It's fine. We're going to get the Cradle of Life and free our father. Isn't that wonderful?

Yes, Lasla groaned. You think he'll fuck me.

I hope not me, Pyrriah said. My brother's cock is all I need.

And mine, our dragon-mother said. She joined the hug, squeezing us all tight. My heart pounded so fast. I was glad to have them all here. It was such an amazing delight to have my family whole and sound. Then I heard the whimpers.

Beliala! I snapped. Free all those you hurt from their torment right now!

Yes, Lord Kurtis, gasped the demon. She snapped her fingers and the moans of pain stopped. The werewolves, the rakshasas, and Nephi all climbed to their feet. Nephi growled at the demon. She had blood streaming down her face.

Fairies, can you do anything for my wounded slaves? I demanded, breaking the hug with my sisters and mothers.

We can, Lord Kurtis, Plumdrop said. She said over and landed by Nephi and threw sparkling dust on her. 

Flutter landed by Princess Naryu and did the same. The other fairies were drifting down to do the same. I saw the green-haired one that Lasla had fucked. My sister glared at him, no doubt for running off when we needed all the help we could get.

Beliala, I snapped. Go free the hostages. Deliver them to rooms so that they can bathe and dress themselves. Have some of the fairies heal them. I'll see them soon.

Yes, Lord Kurtis, the demon said. She had blood soaking her tits, but her injuries from my dragon-mother's claws looked healed.

She darted off as I looked around. The incubus and succubus were still lurking. They swallowed at the sight of me and fell to their knees, the succubus pressing her face to the floor, the incubus bowing more like a knight.

I would deal with them later.

I made sure that all my women and the werewolves were healed. It took some time for the fairy magic to do its thing, but they were soon on the mend. I moved around, thanking them. I kissed Nephi, Princess Naryu, Pradu, Lupiz, Moon, Vixen, and Silver on the lips for what they did. They all deserved to have pleasure.

Thank you for your service, I said to each of them, loving the taste of their lips on mine.

Then Beliala returned. Queen Tinia is eager to meet her savor. Night is still recovering.

Take Lupiz to see her sister, I told the demon. Plumdrop and Flutter, come with me. We'll see your mother.

Yes, Lord Kurtis, the twin sister fairies said. They darted to me on their butterfly wings and landed on either side. They took my arms.

Is our mother in her chambers, Lady Beliala? asked Flutter.

Yes, the demon said, marching out of the room with Lupiz following after. 

Then we know the way, Lord Kurtis, Plumdrop said. Up the stairs and to the left.

I marched up the stairs and followed my fairy guides through the castle. They both smelled delicious on my arms. The sweet scents of their pussies filled my nose. I was still naked from the fight with the demon and didn't see the need to change that.

We moved through the ruined castle to parts that looked repaired. There was new carpet on the floor running down the hall, and repairs to the crumbling walls with fresh mortar and masonry. Supports held up parts of the ceiling.

We tried to make it worthy of our queen, said Plumdrop, but this place was left abandoned for so many centuries.

It looks good, I said as we came to an ornate, wooden door. It was painted white and had the carving of a naked fairy on the front with large tits and a crown on her head. Queen Tinia.

Yep! said Flutter. Sweetdrop made that. She's Mother's favorite.

I knocked on the door and announced, I am Kurtis. You wished to see me, Your Majesty.

Enter, a rich and throaty contralto said.

I opened the door and found Queen Tinia sitting on a grand chair was before a four-poster bed draped in pink silk. The queen sat naked, her legs crossed before her. She had large breasts that rose and fell as she stared at me. Her eyes flicked up and down my body as her two daughters broke from me to kneel.

Your Majesty, they murmured.

I went to bow, but she stopped me with a wave. A smile crossed her mature and lush features. Her large breasts rose and fell with her breaths. She was older than the other fairies with such a motherly glow about her. Pink hair spilled down around her face, a gold tiara gleaming amid the tresses. Her wings were unfurled, the same hue as her hair.

Purple eyes fixed on mine. You do not need to genuflect before me, Kurtis Son of Las.

You know who I am? I asked.

Your father spoke of you many times when I snuck into the Aquamarine Palace to give him comfort in his captivity. A wicked smile spread on her lips. He spoke of the son who would save him. He has high hopes for you.

Because he just wants me to rescue him, or because he cares about me? whispered through my mind. 

I am looking for a way to do that, Your Majesty, I said, moving towards her. I could feel her lust for me. May I kneel before you so that I may worship your pussy. I do enjoy eating queenly cunts.

A smile spread on her lips. That is the sort of genuflection I adore. Please, please, kneel and feast upon my pussy. I wish to see how you compare to your godly father. Do not feel that you are lacking if you cannot compete with him.

He is the God of Lust, I said and fell to my knees. Just so long as I am second best.

She laughed in delight. Oh, yes, yes, I hope you are.

She uncrossed her legs and threw them over the arms of her throne. Her pussy gleamed with thick, pink folds. Not a single hair to be seen. Her large breasts quivered as I sank to my knees before her and breathed in her sweet musk.

It was intoxicating to breathe in. I groaned at the scent and leaned down to the queen's cunt. I pressed my lips into her pussy and savored the feel of her on my mouth. Then I licked her. She gasped at my tongue sliding through her folds.

Oh, yes, she moaned, her body shuddering. Mmm, Kurtis, that is a delightful tongue. I can feel your father's skill in it.

I winked at her at kept licking at her sweet delights. Her big breasts quivered as my tongue danced up and down her folds. She had such a yummy tasting pussy. I felt her twin daughters watching as I feasted on their mother.

I fluttered my tongue along her folds, feeling as her body moved and quivered. I stroked her, feeling her lusts quivering. I knew just how to please her. Just how to make the fairy queen shiver in delight as I feasted on her.

I licked and lapped at her with such hunger. My tongue caressed over her. She whimpered as I did that. She groaned as I licked and lapped at her cunt with hunger. She squeezed her thighs about my face, her head tossing from side to side.

My tongue caressed up and down her with hunger. I loved the way she moaned as I devoured her. I savored how she shuddered, too. It was quite the delight to make her quiver this way. She was whimpering. Groaning.

Her passion was a thing of beauty to listen to. I savored that delight as my tongue danced through her folds. I licked at her with hunger. I feasted on her with absolute passion, stirring up her pleasure as I did that.

Cernere's black cunt! she moaned, her face contorting in delight. Ooh, ooh, that's so good. Yes, yes, just feast on me, Kurtis. You are amazing!

I tweaked her lusts, making her enjoy what I did to her even more. I thrust my tongue into her cunt as I did that. I swirled about in her, loving the way she gasped. Her boobs jiggled above me while her twat squeezed down on my tongue.

I danced it around in her, giving her just what she craved. And since I molded her desires, what I did to her was just that. Her pussy grew hotter around my tongue. She groaned, her cunt clenching on me on my tongue.

Then I flicked up to her clit. I brushed her naughty bud.

Kurtis! she gasped, bucking as her orgasm hurtled closer and closer to her.

I grinned and suckled on her bud. I nibbled on that naughty delight. I suckled on her with hunger and fluttered m tongue around her. I varied how I loved her little pearl. I worshiped that naughty treasure, bringing her closer and closer to cumming.

I brought a finger to her asshole, knowing this was just what she needed to feel ramming into her bowels now. Because I made her crave my digit. I pushed against her anal ring. She groaned then gasped as I thrust into her.

Her moans were quite the delight to hear. I loved them so much. They were such spectacular sounds for me to enjoy as I fingered her asshole. Her bowels gripped my digit while my tongue fluttered against her clit.

She groaned and shuddered, her head tossing back and forth. I thrust my finger faster into her bowels. I churned her up with my digit while my lips sealed about her clit. I suckled with all my might, her orgasm about to burst in her. I jammed my finger deep into her bowels.

She squealed in delight.

Oh, my god, that's good! she howled as she came. That's real good. Yes, yes, that's amazing. Cernere's black cunt! 

Her pussy juices gushed out sweet and delicious. I licked and lapped at them as her asshole writhed around my digit. I fucked it in and out of her with force. I plowed it to the hilt in her then drew it back out again. She gasped and moaned, her head tossing from side to side.

It was fantastic to feel her anal ring quivering like that about my finger. I drank her cream as she flooded me with all her passion. She squeezed her thighs about my face. She held me tight. It was a treat to have her gushing like that.

Oh, Gods, yes, yes, that's it! gasped the queen, her head tossing and pink hair dancing. That's amazing! Fuck me!

I ripped my fingers out of her asshole and stood up. She craved me to pound her right here. Instead, I grabbed her and threw her over my shoulder. The queen gasped in delight as I carried her to the bed and tossed her down on it.

She landed with her butterfly wings wide. Her breasts bounced and heaved. She spread her legs wide, craving my dick to plow into her and breed her like I had bred her daughters. A big grin spread on my lips. 

I didn't have Las's cum. She wouldn't give birth in days and have babies that grew up overnight. She would have to experience the full duration of her pregnancy. That made this even hotter for me. A big smile spread on my lips.

This would be amazing.

Plumdrop and Flutter, come suck on your other's tits while I fuck her pussy hard and knock her up! I said.

Yes, Lord Kurtis! gasped the twins.

They darted past me, their purple wings and hair flying behind them. They leaped on the bed, landing on either side of their royal mother. They both grabbed a big breast and latched on. They nursed with hunger.

And were swallowing.

She lactated. Of course, she was having children all the time. That was so hot witnessing the two twin sisters nursing from their fairy-mother. My dick throbbed as they gulped down her milk. I moved between the queen's legs, my cock thrusting out before me.

Yes, yes, fuck me with that big dick, Kurtis, moaned Queen Tinia. Please, please ram that dick into my cunt. Ooh, that will be amazing.

Yes, it will, I said with a grin and pressed my cock into her royal pussy.

I slid my dick up and down her folds, loving the feel of her wet juices. They soaked my tip. Her daughters fluttered their wings as they nursed down that breast milk. They were so sexy as they did that. It was such a hot tableau to witness. 

I pressed my cock into her royal cunt and thrust. I buried into her hard and fast. Her pussy widened to take my cock. It was an amazing delight to feel her snatch engulfing my dick. I loved that so much. It was incredible having her gripping me like that.

I thrust away at her. I fucked her hard and fast. I buried into her with hard strokes. I plowed deep into her. Fast. I buried into her again and again. I loved how she held me. I savored how she fucked me with such force. It was incredible to feel her gripping me like that.

I pounded her cunt with everything that I had. I plowed deep and hard into her snatch. I savored the feel of her gripping me. It was quite the delight to have her holding me like that. Her twat squeezed about me, gripping me with such passion.

I shuddered and fucked into her twat. I buried into her again and again. I fucked her with passion. It was outstanding to have her gripping me like that. I loved it so much. It was fantastic to bury into her as those twins nursed from the queen.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned, slamming into her. I loved how she fucked me with such force. She had such a wonderful twat that squeezed about me. Gods damn, that's good.

It is, she moaned. And my two daughters are just drinking all my milk! 

I savored that pussy squeezing about my cock. It was just amazing. I loved it so much as she fucked into me again and again. She held me tight. Pleasure shot through me as I fucked into her cunt. I pounded her with passion.

It was incredible. I loved every moment of fucking her snatch. I watched her daughters nursing. I wanted to try that milk. I thrust into the queen's cunt, my balls building with the pressure to cum in her. I fucked her harder, faster.

Give me a taste of your mother's breast milk, Plumdrop! I groaned, spearing into her mother's hot and juicy cunt. 

The one on the right ripped her mouth off her mother's nipple. She had milk spilling down her chin and cheeks bulging. She darted to me, wings fluttering, and planted a kiss on my mouth. She thrust her tongue past my lips covered in her mother's breast milk.

I shuddered at how sweet it was. I groaned as my tongue danced around in her mouth. It was incredible to kiss her like this. She suckled on my tongue, nursing on me as I found more of that sweet delight. It was incredible.

I broke the kiss. Now you, Flutter!

As Plumdrop went down to suckle at her mother, her twin sister rose up with milk beading on her lips. She kissed me, shoveling that breast milk into my mouth. I groaned at the creamy treat. It was quite the delight to enjoy as I fucked the queen's pussy.

I savored her breast milk being fed to me by her sexy daughter. My dick throbbed as I buried my dick into her cunt over and over again. I plowed into her hard and fast. I savored that delight. It was incredible to fuck her like this.

I groaned with each thrust into her mother's twat, the pressure building and building at the tip of my cock. My nuts tightened with each plunge as Flutter broke the kiss. She darted down to nurse on her mother as Plumdrop rose again.

She didn't even have to be told.

Yes, yes, my girls are so naughty, the queen fairy moaned as Plumdrop kissed me.

I moaned my agreement, savoring that creamy delight her daughter fed to me. My tongue danced with hers as the milk spilled down my mouth. I groaned, thrusting hard into the queen's pussy. She groaned, clamping her twat down around my cock.

Yes, yes, yes, Kurtis, she moaned as Plumdrop broke our kiss. Flutter rose and planted her mouth on mine. Mmm, don't you just love my naughty daughters.

I groaned my agreement as I savored that creamy delight.

The queen's breast milk warmed my belly as I fucked hard into her cunt. I buried into her depths as her daughters fed me more and more of that cunt cream. The queen moaned, her big boobs jiggling as her daughters nursed from her.

The warmth of the milk melted down to my nuts that were just brimming with all the cum I would fire into her cunt. I would hose her down. Just pump her full of all that cum that I had in me. She squeezed her snatch around me.

I'm going to cum! she moaned. Oh, yes, yes! Cernere's black cunt, I am going to just explode!

Explode, I groaned, driving my cock into her snatch. Gods damn, just cum on my dick, Your Majesty! I want to feel that pussy going wild around me!

Yes, yes, yes, she moaned, her pussy clamping down hard on me. And Flutter... Oh, nurse from your mommy's nipple. Get Kurtis all that milk he craves.

She did, darting her head up to kiss me. As she did, I drove my cock into the queen's cunt. Her pussy clamped down on my cock. Her lusts swelled in her. She hurtled towards her orgasm as I drew back my cock, my tongue swapping creamy delight with Flutter.

Plumdrop latched onto her mother's nipple and suckled as I drove my cock to the hilt in the queen's cunt.

Yes! squealed Queen Tinia. Oh, Gods, yes, yes, yes!

Her pussy went wild around my cock.

I slammed my dick into her depths, savoring her pussy suckling at me. She hungered for my fecund seed to fertilize her depths. I slammed hard into her, kissing Flutter with passion. That hot twat nursed at me.

Cum in me, Kurtis! the queen moaned. Breed me!

I broke the kiss with her daughter to groan, Yes, Your Majesty!

I buried to the hilt in the queen's cunt and erupted.

My jizz pumped into her pussy's fertile depths. I soaked her womb in my seed and bred her. I groaned, feeling that magical moment happen. Her cunt writhed around my cock in celebration. She bucked on the bed, nursing at me with hunger.

She suckled with such passion on me. I groaned, spurting over and over into her snatch. Stars exploded across my vision. My head tossed from side to side. It was incredible to feel her pussy writhing around on my cock.

She nursed out all that cum.

Gods damn, yes! I groaned.

Oh, Kurtis, your cum is in me! she moaned. Oh, that's wonderful. That's just amazing!

I grinned at her, my dick spurting the last of my spunk into her pussy. Yes, it is, Queen Tinia. Yes, it is. 

I had survived today, defeated a demon, and made a deal with one of the most dangerous goddesses there was. I rode this high now that I had bred a fairy queen. And I had two of her twin daughters here with me. 

I would have more fun with her.

Then there was Lupiz and her sister Night. That would be fun, too. Then it as off to the Nemberon Plains to seduce a moon maiden and breed her, too. So much to do. 

A smile spread on my lips.

To be continued...
