Safari Wife (Part Three)

NOTE: Before reading this story I would suggest that you read parts one and two first. That will bring you right up to date as to what's happening with Brandy and Hank.

(Wail on Safari a little white housewife gets to see the real African Men!)

Safari Wife


In part two of this story, Brandy wail under the influence of the fruit drink kekpa had sex with Chief Zoomama three times and their safari guide, Jameraka four times. All of this happened in one night as her husband Hank laid passed out in their grass hut. For that matter the forth time with Jameraka was in her hut, right next to her passed out husband Hank. 

 Jameraka had just pulled out of Brandy and stood up at the end of her mat pulling his pants back up. He smiled down at her and said, "What a picture this would make wish I had a camera. We got a sweet little white housewife flat on her back legs spread wide open with her skirt and top around her waist. A river of black mans cum running out of her little white pussy as her husband is sleeping next to her and knows nothing about it." Smiling Jameraka added, "It doesn't get any better than this."

Jameraka started for the door then stopped. Looking back down at Brandy and said, "Sexy lady we better keep this between you and I. I don't think it would be a good idea to tell your husband that your safari guide was guiding his hard cock in you all night. If you have to tell him something I think you should tell him that you fucked the Chief tonight and leave it at that. He may not understand how his sweet little wife could let two guys fuck her all night long. It's up to you, but I'm sure your going to tell him something in the morning. Oh yes, one more thing sexy lady. This safari is not over yet so I'm sure you're going to be getting a lot more black cock before you get back to you're good old USA, goodnight."

Once he was gone it hit Brandy like a ton of bricks. What the hell had she done? Why did she do it, and with both of them? What has this Safari done to her? She had turned into a whore in one night. She ran her fingers down to her still horny but sore little pussy. She was so wet and slick with both of their cum still leaking out of her. She looked over and Hank and moaned, "I'm sorry baby I don't know what made me do this." She then started crying and must have passed out as she was rubbing her slick vagina lips.

Now, on with the story, picking up right where it left off. 

I started dreaming that Jameraka was screwing me again. I was moaning up to him, Oh God Jameraka, your cock feels so good. Mmmmmm yes fuck me, oh yessssssss fuck me hard.

Jameraka was on top of me driving his hard cock deep inside my sore little pussy. I could feel my orgasm starting deep inside my body as I started pumping up to him in time with his deep strokes. He had his hand between our bodies rubbing my hard little clit, and this was driving me wild also.

All at once I yelled out, OH GOD JAMERAKA, I'M CUMMING, YESSSS, YESSSSSS OH GOD YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS. My body shook all over as my orgasm went through me. I was pushing up to Jameraka trying to get every inch of his hard black cock deep inside me as I came all over it.

Jameraka put his hand over my mouth to quite down my yelling as his mouth locked on one of my hard nipples. Just when I didn't think I could take any more Jameraka moaned ahhhhhhh as he pushed deep inside me and started pumping his hot sperm deep inside me. His jerking cock set me off again as I started cumming a second time.

Then in my dream state Jameraka said, Fuck Brandy is your pussy ever wet. I've never felt you this wet before.

What was going on here I started thinking? Jameraka voice sounded just like Hank! I opened my eyes to see that Hank was on top of me and he was the one that had just filled me with hot cum. It wasn't a dream, or was it? What ever it was, I was happy to see that it was my husband that had just screwed me.

Hank took turns nursing both my hard nipples as his cock drained inside me. He then moved up and kissed me full on the mouth. After a long hot kiss, with a big smile on his face Hank asked me, what were you dreaming about young lady?

Nothing, I lied.

Bullshit Hank replied, you were yelling for Jameraka to keep fucking you. Tell the truth, were you dreaming that Jameraka was fucking you?

I was so embarrassed as I looked at him and said; well maybe I was, I don't know, I was asleep.

You were weren't you? You were dreaming about getting some long black cock weren't you?

I was busted, so I just had to fess up. Yes I was, I'm sorry I didn't know who or what. I'm sorry I shouldn't have.

Hank stopped me and said, don't be sorry, I think it's so hot that you're thinking about getting fucked by a black guy.

At this time Hank rolled off the top of me and was laying up on his elbow looking at me.

I then said, you asshole you passed out on me again last night, I was trying to change the subject.

I know, I'm sorry. That kekpa shit kicked my ass again. I don't remember a thing after two or three drinks of it. Smiling at me he then said, so did you have to take care of things yourself again last night? Or did you get one of these black guys around here to take care of you?

I looked at him and replied, you're an asshole, with tears in my eyes.

Hank got this funny look on his face that I knew that he knew something had happen last night. What are you not telling me, Hank asked?

I then broke down and started crying.

Hank took me in his arm and asked again, what happen last night? Tell me what happen? Did something happen?

I then started thinking what Jameraka had said to me last night that I shouldn't tell Hank that the two of them screwed me. That if I tell him anything I should just tell him about Chief Zoomama. That Hank may not understand how his sweet little wife could let two guys fuck her all night long.

Thinking that Jameraka was right and the truth was not a good thing here I said, yes something happened Hank. I'm so sorry; I don't know how it happened?

Now looking me right in the eyes Hank asked, Brandy, what happened?

Still crying I said, I had sex with Chief Zoomama. God I'm so sorry that I did this to you. I don't know what happened to me. I don't know why I did it.

Hank kissed me and said baby I'm sorry I put the seed in your head. I just didn't think it would really happen. Did he wear a condom?

Condom, God that word hit me like a baseball bat. Still crying I said no, God no, he didn't. What if I get aids, this country is full of aids?

Hank then asked, did he cum inside you?

Still crying I replied, yes he did. Oh God Hank I'm so sorry I let this happen.

Hank replied, oh fuck; I hope he didn't knock ya up!

I think it's my safe time of the month; I'm not fertile right now, thank God. I just hope I don't get aids. Or have aids now. Oh God I may have given you aids. I then started crying again.

Hank took me in his arm and gave me a long hard kiss along with a wonderful hug He then broke the kiss and said it's okay baby. It's not the end of the world. So you had sex with the Chief. As long as you're not fertile things should be okay. I think most of the aids problem down here is in the cities, not out here in the jungle.

I looked at him feeling a little better about that news and said, are you sure about that?

Sure I'm sure hank replied as he gave me another long kiss and told me that he loved me.

I was so happy to hear that he still loved me even after I had had sex with Chief Zoomama. Hanks kissing kept going as his hand moved up to my right breast. He started rolling my hardening nipple around as he kept on kissing me.

Hank broke the kiss again and was looking down at me when he asked; did the Chief make you cum?

I didn't know what to say. I didn't need to hurt Hank anymore than I have already. But the look of joy in his eyes told me that maybe the truth would be in store here. Looking up at him I softly replied, yes he did.

Hank quickly moved his hand from my breast to my vagina. He slowly sank two fingers inside my wet hole. He then said, that's why you were so wet this morning. You still had the Chiefs cum inside you. God your still super wet with both of our cum inside you. His fingers were now working in and out of my wet pussy.

Hanks finger fucking was feeling very good. And I felt better now that I knew he was more or less happy that I let the Chief screw me. I started moaning and working my wet pussy up to Hanks probing fingers.

Then Hank started the questions. Did he fuck you more than once? Did you cum more than once? Were did he fuck you at? Did you give him a blowjob? 

By this time Hanks cock was back hard as a rock. He climbed back on top of me and easily sank his hard cock back inside me.

I was just as horny as him by this time as I moaned mmmmm and pushed up to his hard cock, taking it as deep inside me as it would go. Putting my arms around his back I moaned ohhhhhhh God I think he did it to me three times.

Hank moaned, ohhhhhhh fuck your kidding me. He fucked you three times last night?

Mmmmmm yes he did I moaned in his ear.

Oh God your so wet with his cum Hank moaned back in my ear. How many times did he make you cum?

Humping up to him I moaned oh God I don't know, maybe six or seven times.

Hank moaned out, ohhhhhhh man. He came in you three times and you came seven times. Oh God I can't believe my sexy wife came on a black cock seven times. Oh fuck I'm cummmmming.

Hank then pushed deep inside me and started squirting more cum inside me. I did my best to milk his hard cock dry with my super wet vagina lips.

Hank then rolled off me as he was panting for air. Then the questions continued. Were did you guys do it at?

I told him how the Chief asked me to go see his hut. And that I didn't know why but once I got there I got so horny that when he put the moves on me, I just let it happen.

He then said, well if you came seven times with him, I don't have to ask if you liked it. Was his cock really long? Was it fat? How did it feel?

I held my hands about a foot apart and said it was about this long. I then made the okay sign with my thumb and index finger and said it was maybe this big around. 

Smiling Hank said, so you really liked that long black cock? Tell me how it felt inside you.

I replied, God what have I turned into? Yes I really liked it. Not that I don't like yours. This one was not the same. It went in so deep; I swear it went all the way inside my uterus. And the truth is, it felt so good I couldn't stop cumming.

Hank moaned, shit I'm sorry I missed all this. You think it could happen again? And let me see it happening this time?

I hit his arm and said, no, no way it's going to happen again.

Hank smiled and said, we'll see about that.

I then said, how am I going to face the Chief (and Jameraka I'm thinking) today? I acted like a whore with him last night.

Hank got that shit eating grin on his face and said, the Chief is just like any other guy. He thinks he got some pussy off my wife and I don't know about it. He'll not let on like anything at all happened last night. All he'll be thinking about is getting his black cock back inside you.

Well that's not going to happen if I can help it, I replied.

Hank smiled and then said, well Brandy, I hope it happens again. And I hope I get to see it happen this time.

I hit him again and said, shit Hank you make it sound like you like having a slut for a wife? No normal husband would enjoy seeing his wife being taken by another man.

Hank replied back, I'm not normal and I would love to see that. When we're away from home I love you playing the slut role. No one by us will ever know a thing about it.

In shock I said, playing a slut and being a slut are two deferent things. The Chief fucking me made me a slut last night. Are you telling me that you would really enjoy seeing me get laid by another man?

Hank took me in his arms and gave me a deep kiss. Then he said, yes I would and the best thing about it is the fact that you're my little slut! And you'll always be my little slut. Plus the fact that you enjoyed it drives me wild! As sick as it sounds fucking you right after another man had cum in you was the best feeling I ever felt. I would love more of that.

Just then came a knock on our grass door. Jameraka yelled, you kids better get up and get some food; they are about to put all the food away. We will be leaving on today's hike in an hour or so.

I looked at Hank and said, tell them I'm sick or something. I'm not going to leave this hut today. I can't face the Chief or any of them people out there. I'm sure the Chief has told everybody in the village about the prize he got last night.

Hank kissed me and asked if I was sure about staying there all day, and would I be all right?

Yes I'm sure I replied. I didn't get much sleep last night and I'm sore between my legs. I don't feel much like walking. Maybe I'll feel better about facing these village people later on tonight.

Hanks got dressed, gave me a hug and kiss and said he loved me before setting off on today's safari hike with Jameraka and his helpers.

**************************

Hank and the group were gone well over two hours when I started getting real antsy sitting in the hut. Not only was it hot and humid it there. I smelt really bad from all the sex last night. Plus I had three men's dried sperm on my upper thighs that needed washed off. I got dressed in a little black lace bra and matching black lace bikini panties. With my towel, soap and shampoo in hand I walked out of the hut and headed right to the waterfall. I felt like some of the villagers were looking at me as if I was the village whore as I passed them on the way down to the river. They said things to each other that I didn't understand, but I was sure it was me they were talking about.

The warm water from the falls felt so good as I got in it then stepped out to soap myself up. I spent a lot of time with my hand down inside my panties getting my sore little vagina nice and clean. I looked up to see two of the younger tribal kids watching me clean myself. I say kids, but they were maybe 18 or 19 years old. Once I had my vagina nice and clean I went to work on my breasts. It's not the easiest thing to wash your breasts inside your bra. So I turned my back to the kids and pulled my bra up to give my breasts a good cleaning. Still with my back to them I stepped back under the waterfall to rinse off.

Once I was all rinse off and my bra back in place I stepped out of the waterfall and was shocked to see the two black kids stroking their hard cocks as they watched me. I slipped back under the falls just far enough that I could still see them playing with their cocks.

Oh my God I got so horny standing there watching these two young men. They were doing what I have always dreamed of seeing a man do, jack himself off. I couldn't believe how fast they were pumping on their cocks. Both their fists were just a blurr as they were pumping away on their cocks. My right hand had a mind of it's own as it moved down my body to my wet panty covered pussy. I started rubbing my clit right through my panties as I watched them near their orgasms.

The one kid hips started pumping in time with his hand. All at once he looked up at the sky and moaned. Then a big wad of white sperm came flying out of the little black pee hole on the end of his hard cock. About four big wads came squirting out and landed in the water. Just then the other kid moaned and his cock was squirting out sperm also.

My life long dream of seeing a man make himself cum had just been filled. I was just about to cum myself as I watched them now drop down in the water and start swimming around. Still rolling my sore little clit around through my lace panties I closed my eyes and could still see them young men jacking off. I was just about at the point of giving myself a great orgasm, under the cover of the waterfall.

My orgasm had just starting through my body when someone on the riverbank started yelling something I didn't understand. Shit I'm thinking, couldn't you have waited just one more minute and I would have been done. I looked to see what he was yelling about, but didn't see a thing. The two young men were now running through the water towards the bank. He was waving for me to come in also and pointing at something on the other side of the river. I looked over to see this big black cat that was getting a drink out of the river. It looked as big as a car. I screamed and ran for the bank, leaving my soap and shampoo sitting on a rock near the falls. Don't ask me what kind of cat it was. All I know is that it was big, real big. The man that had given us the warning helped me up onto the bank and was talking to me in his tribal language, but I didn't understand a thing that he said. All I could say back to him was, thank you.

I picked up my towel and started drying myself off as I watched the big cat get his drink then walk back into the jungle on the other side of the river. One of the young men that I had observed masturbating ran back out to the falls and retrieved my soap and shampoo. He handed it to me with a big smile on his face. I could see his eyes drop to my wet breasts clad in my little black lace bra. They then dropped on down to my little lace panties. I thanked him and gave him a big smile. He said something then ran off to his friends.

I made my way back to my hut to find it even more hot and humid inside than before. I removed my wet bra and panties and finished drying off. I knew I couldn't stay and hide in this hut all day; I would die from the heat. So I then started looking through my things for something to wear. I found a cute little pair of red silk bikini panties that had little white poke-a dots on them. I stepped into them and pulled them up and into place. Just then I started thinking about them two kids in the river jacking off. I ran my fingers down over my soft panties to my crotch. I ever so softly started rubbing my vagina lips right through my panties as my left hand moved up and started squeezing and playing with my hard right nipple. I closed my eyes and started thinking how good one or both them young hard black cocks would feel inside me. I was just getting ready to lie down on the mat and get myself off, when some people talking outside my hut distracted me. Having no locks on the grass door, and I had know idea if they would open the door to find me standing there playing with myself or not. So I just stopped and went back to looking for something to wear.

I was already sweating from the heat so I just grabbed one of Hanks oversize tee shirts and slipped it over my head. It came down about mid-thigh on me so it was okay to wear out in front of the tribal people. It looked more like a dress on me than a tee shirt. I didn't think about the fact that everyone could see my hard nipples poking through the soft cotton material. Or that they could see my braless boobs bouncing all around under the shirt.

By this time I was getting very thirsty and hungry. So when I exited the hut and walked over to were this lady looked as if she was cooking something. I knew just like all the others that she didn't speak a drop of English. I made a sign like I was drinking something and also rubbed my tummy and pointed at my mouth. She smiled and shook her head yes. She then dipped in her pot and gave me a bowl of what looked like some kind of stew. She also handed me a coconut cup of what I think was water.

I thanked her and walked over and sat on a tree stump to eat. A lot of the village men stopped what they were doing to watch me as I made my way to the stump. I just smiled at them and started eating my food.

After I had finished eating I returned my coconut bowl to the lady and made a sign to refill the cup with more water. (Oh yes, it was water not that kekpa drink). She refilled it for me and I thanked her again. With the cup in hand I went walking around the village, not sure what I was going to do the rest of the day.

Once I was back by our hut I desisted I would get my sleeping bag out and go find a nice sunny spot to work on my tan and get a little needed sleep.

There was a clear spot about 100 feet or so right outside of the village. Know one was around so it looked like a nice place to be alone for a while. I spread out my bag and sat down. Then I'm thinking, why the hell didn't I put a bra on when I was in the hut? How the hell can I get any sun with a tee shirt on? Then I said to myself, oh hell with it, it feels good just chilling right here. 

I put on my dark sunglasses and laid out flat on my back. I rolled the tee shirt up until it was right below my breasts. I'm not sure how long I laid there until I was out like a light. Then I started dreaming about them two kids jacking off in front of me. In my dream they were taking turns fucking me with their long black cocks. At one point the one kid was fucking me hard and fast as the other watched us. He was making me cum at this time and I started moaning, ahhhhhhh yes fuck me. Ahhhhh yes I'm cumminggggggggg. 

As I was cumming I opened my eyes to find that I had my tee shirt up around my neck with both breasts fully exposed and two fingers inside my little panties rubbing my hard clit.

I sat up and looked around to see if anyone had just seen me getting myself off. I was happy to see that no one was around to see what had just happened. I fell back down on my back thinking. What the hell is going on with me? All I think and dream about is black cocks. This safari has really turned me into a slut. I pulled my shirt back down and to just below my breasts and fell back asleep again in the warm sunshine.

Once I was back sound asleep I'll be dammed if I didn't start dreaming about black cock again. This time I didn't know who was screwing me. All I knew is that it felt really good as I started fucking them back. Oh God it felt so good. Whoever was fucking me had me about ready to cum again. I hooked my legs around his back and started moaning, yes, yes, ohhhhhhh yes fuck me, as I humped my pussy up to him.

Then my orgasm started through my body. I was yelling now, OH GOD YESSSSSS, DON'T STOP, YES, YESSSS OH YESSSSSSS I'M CUMMINGGGGGG.

My head was rolling from side to side as I pushed up to take all that hard cock that I could get deep inside my cumming pussy. Oh God it felt so good cumming with him.

Then I started waking up as I was still pumping my hips up to this great cock. I mind wasn't fully clear as to what was going on. I knew that I had just cum, but who did I cum with? I opened my eyes to see that I was face to face with Chief Zoomama.

As my head cleared and I became awake, I saw that I was not dreaming at all. In fact Chief Zoomama was fucking me on my sleeping bag right here in the clearing. He had pushed my tee shirt up around my neck and pulled my sexy little red silk poke-a-dotted panties to the side. His cock was so deep inside me I was just about to cum again before I realized what was happening to me.

I looked around to see that several of the villagers were watching the Chief and I. The fact was that the Chief right then was raping me in front of all the tribe.

I started to fight him but couldn't do a thing to stop him. He was three times as big as me. He kept driving his long hard black cock deep inside me. And again it felt like he was all the way inside my uterus. My mind told me that I had to stop this. But my body wouldn't listen to my mind. I was pumping my hips up to his hard cock as I moaned, stop, stop, please stop.

I heard someone beating on something beside me, but wasn't sure what they were doing. I was to busy pushing on the Chiefs chest and kicking, trying to get him to stop fucking me. I knew that I was about to fall into his trap and start loving the fucking I was getting, if I didn't get it stopped right then.

I soon found out what the beating was next to me. Two of the village men took both my arms and tied my wrist to these stakes they had driven in the ground on both sides of me.

I was now fighting mad as I tried with no luck to free my arms. I yelled, you mother fuckers let me go. Get the fuck off me.

Now that I couldn't fight back as much the Chief now took full advantage of his freedom to screw me. He took my hips in his hands and was pulling me up hard onto his hard cock.

As bad as I hated it my body started to betray me. Oh my God his cock was going so fast and deep inside me. My head was rolling from side to side as I still was moaning, no, no, please stop.

The next thing I knew my body did a 360 on me. I stopped moaning no and started moaning yes. Oh my God what hell am I doing, as I started humping up to him and moaned out, oh yes, yes oh God fuck me.

I had totally forgotten about being married, or being tied down or even that I could be totally fertile right now. All I cared about was the fact that the big black cock inside me was about to make me cum. I now had my feet flat on the ground as I pumped my pussy up to him.

The Chief got a big smile on his face once he saw that he had broken my will. He now had a white mans wife about to cum all over his big hard cock. And it was true; I had given up all fight and was now working on having an orgasm. I didn't care about anything at all other than the fact that I was going to be cumming with Chief Zoomama very soon.

Faster and faster Chief Zoomama fucked me. And then it happen, he pushed as deep into as he could and moaned something I didn't understand. 

I felt his cock start jerking deep inside me and knew he was filling me with his hot black seed. His cock felt like a vibrator deep inside me as he filled me with his cum.

His cumming cock set me off also. As I pulled on the ropes holding me down I yelled out, OH GOD YESSSSS, OH YESSSSSS I'M CUMMINGGGGGGG. I kept working my hips up and down as my pussy milked all his cum out. I had never in my life come with my husband like I just had with this man. I was like in a state of shock as I lay there coming down from my orgasm.

The Chief smiled down at me as he slowly started pulling his long cock out of me. It made a wet suction sound as it popped out and that was followed by a river of sperm running out of me.

He stood up next to me and I could see his now limp cock was all shiny as it was covered with both our juices. He said something to one of the young men that I had seen masturbating earlier.

The young man shook his head yes and was smiling from ear to ear as him and the Chief talked. He then looked down at me as he dropped his loincloth on the ground. Very quickly he was on his knees between my still spread legs stroking his big black cock.

It took me a few seconds to comprehend that I was about to get fucked again. And there was nothing I could do about it. This young 18-year-old boy was about to have his first 28-year-old married white woman.

As he moved over the top of me he was still holding his hard cock in his hand. He lined it up to my wet little slit. My pussy lips were covered with the Chiefs sperm so the head of his cock slipped right inside me ever so easy.

I was pulling on the ropes trying to free myself, as I kept saying no, no stop you can't do this.

He didn't under stand a thing I was saying nor did he care. All he cared about was getting his first pieces of white pussy. Looking back now I think that it was his first pussy at all.

Looking down at me he slowly filled me up with his long black cock. And like the others his cock was so deep inside me it felt like the head went inside my uterus. I did everything I could do to get him out of me, but couldn't.

He pulled back out fast then hammered his cock back beep inside me and held it there.

He then let out a low moan and I felt his cock exploding his hot young sperm deep inside me.

All the men standing around started laughing and pointing at him as he filled me with his hot seed. I knew they were making fun of him for cumming so fast. I was just happy that it was over and done so fast. He then pulled out of me and went running back into the village. My little red poke-a-dot panties kind of fell back over my pussy. The crotch was soon soaked with all the sperm leaking out of me.

Again I tried to get free but couldn't. I yelled out in vain, you mother fuckers let me go right now. My husband is going to kill you.

I knew that none of them understood a thing that I had just said, or even cared what I said. I started crying as I pulled and yanked on the ropes. I was so mad and I think I was even madder at myself for cumming with the Chief like a slut.

 I was always told that a woman could turn off her mind if she was raped. That you could let the guy have his fun then move on with your life. No one ever told me that your body could turn on you. That you could start enjoying it and actually have and orgasm with the man raping you. I was so mad, I not only came with him but I fucked him back and loved it.

Just then another one of the tribal men stepped up by my feet looking down at me.

I looked up to see this big black man standing over me. He was not all that fat just big. He looked like he could be a linebacker for the Pittsburgh Steelers. He also dropped his loincloth on the ground as he dropped down at my feet.

I tried to kick him away from me, but missed. He grabbed both my ankles and opened my legs like they were putty. There was nothing I could do to stop this man from opening my legs as wide as he felt like opening them.

His big black cock looked even fatter and longer than the others that I had seen. It was about half hard and getting harder as he looked down at my white pussy leaking out the others sperm.

Then I noticed something about his cock that really scared me. It looked as if he had some kind of implants under the skin all along the top of it. The only thing that I can think of that it looked like was the top of a dinosaurs tail. The lumps were about the size of a bean. So I'm thinking that maybe he had implanted little pebbles or something like that.

Whatever it was he was getting ready to sink that monster inside me. He took both my ankles in one of his big hands and held my legs straight up. He then took his now hard cock in his hand and started it towards my wet little pussy.

I was squirming around and pleading with him not to do this to me. But he was not to be denied, he was going to fuck me if I liked it or not.

I then felt the big head of his black cock slip so easily between my slick pussy lips. Still squirming around trying to get his cock out of me I yelled up at him, "stop you fucker you."

Well he didn't stop and wasn't going to stop. Once he had the head of his hard cock well inside me he took a hold of both my ankles again in each of his hands. He then opened my legs as wide as they would go, still holding them up in the air. I looked down between my legs to see that he had just the head of his bumpy cock inside me. It felt as big as a flashlight or something.

Again I started pleading with him. "Please don't do this to me, I'm married, I love my Husband."

He just smiled down at me and slowly started slipping his big cock a little deeper inside me.

I started crying again and moaned, " please stop, please don't do this to me". His cock was now about half way inside me. I was so slick and wet from the other two's cum this bigger cock didn't hurt one bit as he slowly kept sinking more and more of it inside me.

My body was doing it to me again; this big cock was starting to feel good. Those bumps on his cock were rubbing on my wet clitoris each time he went in and out.

I started rolling my head from side to side as I begged him again to please stop. He now had about  of his cock inside me and was fucking me every so slowly. 

I moaned out, "oh my God please stop as my hips pushed up to meet his down stroke". My clit was on fire and I knew the only way to put that fire out was to keep fucking this guy.

Right then it went from rape to all out fucking. Oh my God his cock was driving me wild. He still wasn't all the way inside and he didn't have to be. I was now his for the taking. I had just turned into a full-blown slut. All I knew is that this cock that was inside me right then was the best feeling I've ever had in my pussy. I was trying to fuck up to him faster but he kept up the slow pumps that were driving me wild.

Hank has used French ticklers on me in the passed, with all the little bumpy things on them. But it was nothing like this cock I was now getting. This man was smiling down at me and knew full well that he was about to have this white wife cumming on his cock.

He was still pumping in me very slow as I now hooked my legs around his back and started begging for him to go faster.

It didn't take much of his big cock and the clit rubbing it was giving me to push me over the top. I pushed up to him as hard as I could and moaned out ohhhhhhh yes I'm cumming. As my orgasm went through my body he took this time to push his big cock all the way inside my cumming pussy. Again I felt a cock slip all the way inside of my uterus. This was a feeling that I'd never felt before this Safari. This set me off into a second orgasm with this man. This time I yelled out, OHHHHH FUCK YESSSSSS, OH GOD DON'T STOP, PLEASE DON"T STOPPPPPPP.

As I was holding my ass up off the ground trying to get even more of his fantastic cock deep inside me, he just kept up the slow fucking. Only thing, now he was taking very long strokes. He would pull out till just the head of his cock was covered with my pussy lips. Then slowly sink back inside me until the head slipped back inside my uterus. The way his cock kept flicking my clit with the bumps on it was just too much for me to handle. I looked up at him and moaned, "mmmmm God I love you". Where that had come from I'll never know. Must have been the heat of the moment. 

Right about this time he decided it was time to pick up speed. Still taking full deep strokes inside me, he started hammering his cock in me. Faster and faster he started slamming his cock in me. I tried my best to keep in time with his fucking. He was fucking me now like some kind of wild animal. He even started taking turns sucking on my super hard nipples as he filled me with cock. I looked down between us to see that I was totally filled with his bumpy cock each time he pushed into me.

I couldn't believe it but his cock started getting even bigger as I knew he was about to cum.

Then it happened. He took a hold of my hips and pushed himself as deep as he could inside me and moaned ahhhhh. I also moaned out, oh yessss I'm cumminggggggggg as I felt his big black cock pumping his hot seed deep into my uterus. He pulled all the way out and sprayed some hot sperm on my clitoris before he sank back inside me and shot even more in my uterus.

I just kept cumming and cumming as we both came together right there on the ground in front of all the tribe.

My orgasm was slowly slipping away and my mind was starting to return too normal as this man quickly pulled his cock out of me. I looked down to see that my clit was covered with his thick creamy sperm and a river of it was running out between my pussy lips. He stood up smiling down at me as he put his loincloth back on.

Then just as quickly another nude black man stepped between my spread legs. And again before I even had time to protest he was on top of me filling me with long black cock.

I moaned, oh God no, not again, please stop I can't take any more.

Just then a lot of yelling started and people started running all around. The guy fucking me pulled out and took off running to the village. Two men untied my arms, pulled the stakes out of the ground and took off for the village also. In less than a minute I was left alone laying on my sleeping bag with three men's sperm leaking out of me. 

I sat up to see what had spooked all of them, but saw nothing. My tee shirt fell back down covering my breast and I put my little red poke-a-dot panties back over my leaking pussy. The crotch was so wet from all the sperm leaking out of me. I started crying as I was thinking, God I'll never be satisfied with Hanks cock again. Not the way that I just got fucked. And the way that I came with that man, oh my God.

A few minutes later I saw Jameraka and the group coming out of the jungle heading back to the village. Now I knew why my gangbang had ended so fast. I saw Hank was in the middle of the group. As soon as he saw me he came walking over to me.

He sat down next to me and asked, "what ya doing out here all by yourself", as he gave me a kiss?

I busted out crying as I fell into his arms.

"Brandy, what's the matter, what happened", Hank asked?

Still crying I said, "I'm so sorry Hank. I had sex with Chief Zoomama again".

Hanks eyes got real big as a smile formed on his face and he said, "I think your starting to like getting his black cock"?

"Hank you don't understand. I had sex with him again and I had an orgasm with him".

"So what" Hank replied.

"Hank, I'm your wife, I came with another man. How do you feel about that? You should be the only person that I ever come with. I feel like a total slut".

"Brandy, if I'm okay with it, you should be okay with it. Its just sex". 

Then Hank slowly slipped his hand down inside the front of my little red poke-a-dot panties. Once his fingers came in contact with my slick leaking vagina he moaned, " God Brandy is this the Chiefs cum I feel?"

"Hank, what in the hell is wrong with you? Four men had just more or less raped me and you're turned on by the fact that their sperm is leaking out of me?"

Hanks eyes got very big as he replied, four guys, not just the Chief? Did they hurt you?

Crying again I said, "No Hank, they didn't hurt me. Oh God Hank, I enjoyed it.

Hank was now sliding two fingers in and out of my slick and hot little vagina as he asked; did they all make you cum?

Still crying I hugged Hank and said, I'm sorry baby, yes two of them made me cum.

That was it, Hank couldn't take any more. He picked me up in his arms and about run to our hut.

Once inside he dropped me on the mat and started removing his clothes. I was still crying and trying to tell him how sorry I was for what had happened. He didn't hear a thing that I had said. I looked up to see him standing there nude with a big hard-on looking down at me.

Hank then pulled my tee shirt off in one fast move that left me lying there in just my sperm soaked little red poke-a-dot panties. He opened my legs and got down on his knees between them. He hooked is finger in the waistband and ripped them right off me in one fast jerk. He then kind of sat back looking at my vagina.

With a big smile on his face he finely spoke, "oh my God Brandy, all of there cum is still leaking out of you". 

Then I think I got the shock of my life. Hank dropped down between my legs getting a close up view of my leaking vagina. Then I felt his tongue enter the bottom of my pussy and he licked ever so slowly all the way up to my clit.

I about jumped out of my skin as I yell, "Oh God Hank, what are you doing? Stop that, that's so gross." He gave my wet pussy maybe ten long slow licks before he moved up over the top of me. He then kissed me and I could taste the four men's sperm on his lips.

Hank stopped kissing me and moaned, "oh God I got to have you now". Having said that he slowly sank his hard cock into me. He was about half way in me when he moaned, "ahhhhhhh God I'm cumming", as he now pushed as deep inside me as he could. I felt his cock jerking inside me and knew that I was now getting my fifth load of cum pumped inside my wet pussy.

I looked up at him and asked," Hank, what the hell is happing to us? We have turned into perverts on this trip."

Smiling down at me Hank replied, "isn't it great." He then gave me a long hot kiss. He broke the kiss and then moved down to kissing my neck. Then on down to my nipples. He took his time kissing and sucking on each of my super hard nipples. Next he started kissing his way down over my tummy. Lower and lower he kept kissing until he was right above slick, sperm leaking pussy.

He slowly sank two fingers inside my sloppy pussy as he rose up looking at me and said, "mother fucker your pussy looks so good I'm going to eat you until you can't cum anymore!"

It took a second for me to comprehend that Hank was about eat my messy vagina again, that was covered with those other men's sperm, and now his. 

"No, No Hank you can't do that, I'm so dirty down there, no please don't do that," as I was squirming around to get away from him.

Hank held my hips in place and again I felt his tongue enter the bottom of my vagina and lick from bottom to top. I was still fighting to get free from him as he kept licking me. 

I moaned, "Oh God Hank that is so gross please stop it" But in the back of my mind I'm thinking, oh God he's licking other men's cum out of my pussy. Never in my life did I think anything like this would ever happen to me.

Well, Hank didn't stop licking me. He started tongue fucking me. Then he took his time at sucking on each of my libia lips then moving up to suck on my clitoris. In a very short time I went from thinking how gross this was to holding onto Hanks head as he sucked his and the others sperm out of me.

What in the hell has this safari turned us into? I came here a happily married woman. Now I'm having sex with black me, and loving it. And Hank loves it also, what's up with that? Hank is now eating my pussy after other men had pumped me full of their cum. He loves it as much as I am. I'm asking my self all this as Hanks about to bring me to a wild orgasm with his tongue. Are we sick people or is this normal I ask myself as I pull Hanks head tight to my pussy and yell out, "OH YESSSSS, YESSSS I'M CUMMMMMMMING."

I came really hard with Hanks tongue licking me. As I was coming down from my orgasm Hank started kissing his way back up my body. Stopping to again give my hard nipples a nice sucking. Next he moved on up and we kissed. This time I could taste the four men's sperm plus his as we kissed.

Still kissing I felt Hanks again hard cock sink back into me. I moaned in his mouth as I pushed my hips up to take all of him inside me. I don't know how he could be enjoying this? I was so wet and sloppy and my vagina wasn't a bit tight. It must have felt like screwing a bowl of hot pudding. 

He moaned in my mouth "oh fuck Brandy, your pussy feels so good. I never dreamed your pussy would feel so good after being fucked by other guys."

I didn't get to cum this time. Hank gave me at the most ten pumps before he moaned out, "OH GOD BRANDY I'M CUMMING IN YOU CUMMY PUSSY AGAIN."

I could just barely feel his hard cock jerking as he pumped his hot sperm into me. I pulled his butt down to me as I pushed up to him. I just moaned out, "that's it baby, cum in me, give me your cum."

Now totally out of gas Hank rolled off me panting for air. I rolled over and kissed him and then asked, "Hank what the fuck has happened to us? We are not the same two people that came down here."

Kissing me back he replied, " Baby I don't know what happened, but I sure do like it. Our sex life has never been this wild. I say we keep it up until we return home. Then we can go back to being the normal old Dick and Jane."

Looking at him I asked, "are you sure you're not up set about me getting screwed by them guys? Or more, you're not up set that I came with them? I feel that a woman should only have an orgasm with her husband. This doesn't bother you at all?"

Kissing me again Hank said, "bother me, hell no, I love it. I get so horny when I hear you say that you came with them. That's the point you should cum with them. That way I know that you're enjoying the fucking you're getting as much as I'm enjoying your pussy full of their cum."

"Oh God, we are one hundred percent perverts now" I replied.

Smiling Hank then asked me, " so does this mean you'll now go topless for me in front of all the tribe? You have no idea how much that would turn me on to see all these men checking out your nice tits", as he gave my left breast a little squeeze.

Kissing him back I said, "hell why not, shit they all have seen me nude by this point."

Smiling from ear to ear Hank then said, "and you know I'm dying to see you getting one of these long black cocks. I can't wait to see that happen."

Kissing him again I replied, "Maybe you'll get you're wish later on tonight, we'll see. But for now we better get cleaned up, it's going to be dinner time soon."

THE END (of part 3)

Readers reply please. Should I keep it going or let it end here? Let me know if I should start an ending Part Four.
Sallydysf@yahoo.com                                                                        (11-30-07)



