Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Thirty-Eight: Breeding the Werewolves
Summary: MFF FF FFF MF inc oral creampie anal A2P A2M breed exhib voy
Keywords: Kurtis breeds a pack of werewolves.
Copyright: 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Kurtis  Haunted Forest

I had just tamed Lupiz, broken her in with my dick. The werewolf was shuddering as she spilled off my cock, whimpering with the delight that I had given her. I had finally let her cum, letting her just enjoy the pleasure of her orgasm that my dick gave her.

I rose as I turned to the other two werewolves. Moon and her big tits, Vixen and her red hair, and Silver with her silvery hair. They were all staring at me with such hunger. Their lusts were for me to control. I had tamed their pack leader, so they were all clay to be molded by my hands.

Well, my desires.

I reached into Moon and implanted in her the desire for her to eat out Lupine's cunt. The idea to feast on the naughty werewolf flooded through her. The urge to just eat that cum-filled pussy consumed her. Moon quivered, her big boobs swaying from side to side. She licked her lips. 

CUM! she howled and darted forward She fell to her knees between Lupine's thighs and buried her head into that thick bush and licked at the cum that I had left in her. It was such a hot delight to witness. 

Yes! Lupiz moaned as her packmate feasted on that cunt. 

Moon licked and lapped up the cum I had left in her, wiggling her ass back and forth. My dick throbbed in delight. The Haunted Woods groaned around us, the wind rustling through the trees, as one werewolf devoured another's pussy.

I fell to my knees behind Moon. The black hair of her bush dripped with her juices. She needed my cock, too. Vixen and Silver watched, both of them burning with need. They had to cum, too. But I only had one cock.

I thrust the idea into their minds on how to satiate those hot pussies as I pressed my dick into Moon's bush. Her hairs tickled my dick. They felt so wonderful on my cock. I shuddered as I found the entrance to her cunt.

I thrust into her snatch.

She gasped as I did that. Her head threw back as I slid my cock into her hot cut. She groaned and squeezed her snatch down around my cock. The pleasure was incredible as I slid deeper and deeper into her hot sheath. She clamped her twat down around me. 

I gripped her hips as the other two werewolves hugged my sides. Vixen and Silver humped their wet bushes against the outside of my thighs. They ground their twats on me, whimpering and moaning. Their round breasts rubbed into my arms. Their tongues licked my ears. 

Fuck her, whimpered Vixen as my dick throbbed in Moon's tight cunt.

Breed her, moaned Silver. She nibbled on my ear, her cunt smearing hot cream on my left thigh.

Yes, yes, fuck her and make her cum! moaned Lupiz. She stared at me, her eyes gleaming in the moonlight falling on the clearing.

I smiled and drew back my hips. Moon moaned in delight, her voice muffled by Lupiz's cunt. Moon's pussy gripped my cock. She held me tight. It was such a delight to feel her holding me like that. I groaned, slamming back into her. I buried to the hilt in her again and again. I fucked into her with such force. I plowed deep and hard into her cunt. I buried with such force into her snatch. It was such a delight to fuck her like that. Such a thrill to pound her so hard.

She squeezed her cunt down on my dick as I pumped away. Her flesh gripped me while she devoured Lupiz's pussy. Moon lapped my cunt out of her pack mate's twat as I drilled into that pussy over and over again.

I grabbed Silver's and Vixen's plump rumps. I gripped the werewolves' asses as I pumped away at Moon. I groped the pair, squeezing them. Loving the feel of them. I buried over and over into that tight snatch, the heat of it melting around my cock.

Yes, yes, yes, I growled, slamming deep into her pussy. I fucked re hard and fast. I plowed into her with such force. It was such an incredible delight. Gods damn, that's good.

A big smile spread on my lips as I slammed into her twat. She moaned, wiggling her hips and stirring her cunt around my dick. That silky sheath massaged me. It was heaven to fuck her this hard. To pound into her with everything that I had. 

I buried to the hilt in her with such force. It was incredible to pound her like that. It was fantastic to plunge my cock into her depths. Just an amazing delight. I savored it. I loved every second of plowing into her. I fucked her hard and fast.

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped. Squeeze that pussy about my dick! Gods damn, that's amazing!

Las's big dick! snarled Moon. That cock!

I buried into her hard and fast. I slammed into her as I kneaded Vixen's and Silver's asses. I gripped their butt-cheeks, my fingers digging into their cracks. I slid into them, loving the silky embrace of Moon's snatch. I pumped away at her. I fucked her with such force.

Her pussy wiggled about me. She stirred her cunt around as her pussy grew hotter and hotter. My fingers found Vixen's and Silver's asshole. I played with their sphincters as they ground their furred muffs on my thighs.

Ooh, yes, yes, you're such a stud, moaned Vixen as my middle finger danced around her backdoor.  Do it. Just thrust that finger into my asshole.

I jammed it in deep.

She gasped as I did that. She trembled as I slid my digit into her bowels. I loved the way she moaned, how her asshole swallowed my cock. She felt so incredible devouring my digit. Then I did the same to Silver's bowels.

Stud! she howled as I sank my digit into her anal sheath. Her velvety flesh squeezed down on my digit. That's so good.

I grinned, slamming hard into Moon's cunt. The four werewolves were all feeling the pleasure. They were all gasping and moaning with delight. The sounds they made were delicious. Lupiz shuddered on her back, her face twisting with delight. Her moon-painted breasts jiggled.

You're liking all the cum out of me, Moon! Lupiz gasped. Gods, that's so good. Keep doing that. Lick out all that yummy cum!

So good! Moon moaned, her pussy clamping down on my cock as I drilled into the werewolf's cunt. I fucked into her hard and fast. I buried to the hilt in her, loving how she squeezed about me. The friction was incredible.

I plowed into her with such force, rising towards that orgasm. I would have such a big one. Just a huge delight. It would be incredible. I was so ready to spill my cum into her pussy, but I had to make them all exploded.

I fingered Vixen's and Silver's assholes. I drove my digits into their bowels as I plowed my cock into Moon's cunt. I flared all their pleasures, especially the two that humped against my thighs. Their pussies grew hotter on my legs, smearing their pussy cream on my skin.

Lupiz shuddered, her face twisting with delight as she hurtled towards her climax. She would have a huge one. It would bust through her. She was so ready for that. It would be such a beautiful moment as she drowned Moon's lips in pussy cream.

I fucked her cunt hard, her pussy pussy clamping down on my dick. She rose towards her orgasm, too. My balls slapped into her bush brimming with my cum. I shuddered, the ache throbbing at the tip of my cock. I was so close to bursting.

Gods damn! I groaned.

Yes, yes, yes, Vixen moaned, her pussy grinding in slow circles on my thigh. That's so good. 

I plunged a second finger into both Vixen's and Silver's bowels. Their anal sheaths stretched even more. They rubbed their breasts into my chest. Both of them nibbled on my ears. They licked my lobes, moaning as they rose towards their orgasm.

Moon's head moved as she feasted on Lupiz's cunt. By now, she had cleaned out all the jizz and just wanted to make her fellow werewolf cum. Moon's cunt clamped down on my cock, massaging me with that supernal snatch.

It was time. I flared all their pleasures, so ready to erupt.

They howled together as the entire werewolf pack came.

Lupiz bucked on her back, her pussy cream gushing out into Moon's face. She licked it up as her cunt spasmed around my dick. She held me in that writhing embrace as I pumped away at her. Pleasure shot up my shaft to my balls.

Vixen and Silver howled their pleasure in my ears, their assholes convulsing around my digits. Their pussy cream bathed my thighs. I savored them trembling against me as they threw back their heads. The entire pack serenaded the moon shining down on us.

Gods damn, yes! I growled and buried into Moon's spasming pussy.

Her silky flesh suckled at me. 

I erupted.

My cum fired over and over into her cunt. I trembled, pumping every blast of jizz that I had in my balls. It was incredible to unload in her. It was fantastic to flood her with all that spunk. Just so much rapture fired out of me.

Moon's twat writhed around my dick. She suckled at me. Her pussy slurped at my erupting dick. My balls emptied in her. I jammed my digits deep into Vixen's and Sliver's spasming bowels. I flooded Moon with all that I had.

Yes! I groaned as I bred Moon. I knocked her up. Las's big dick! Yes!

Two done. Two to go. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pyrriah

I followed Nephi into the woods, my tulwar in hand.

Something prowled around our camp. Kurtis was out frolicking with werewolves. I could hear them howling in female passion, knowing that my brother had conquered them and bred them. He had left the rest of us behind. 

Werewolves did not like other females who weren't members of their pack. It was safer.

Until something prowled around our camp. We were in the Haunted Woods. It was one of the wildest places in the world. The Biomancer Vebrin had his lair here. Thousands of years ago, he had made horrors at Castle Drakin that we were heading towards.

Was one of those horrors stalking about us?

Nephi moved in her sphinx form. She padded forward, a human head and set of tits on a lion's body. She had wings that were folded tight. She sniffed around then darted ahead, snarling. Something growled and burst into a run.

My sword exploded into flames, my hair glowing red as I used my powers as the phoenix, the spiritual daughter of Gewin and Rithi. We charged into the night, chasing after the monster. Dark trees and shadowed brush whipped by.

Then Nephi stopped. She cocked her head. I slowed beside her, my sword burning with bright fire.

He's gone, she said.

He? I asked.

The panthopus that fucked your sister, Lady Pyrriah, said the sphinx. It was stalking around our camp, but we chased it off. It's afraid of us.

Good, I said, shaking my head. Of course, Lasla's cunt made an impression on the monster.

She's rather remarkable, your sister, Nephi said. She blurred back into her all-woman form, her large breasts jiggling in the firelight. Let's get back to camp. We'll have to be on watch. He might try to steal your sister.

And fail, I said. There's no way she'll let that happen. She can control desires.

So she thinks she can control that desire. The sphinx shook her head. Not to doubt Lady Lasla, but why take the chance?

I nodded as we headed back to camp. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

I lay on my back as Vixen and Silver straddled me.

The silver-haired werewolf settled on my face, her thick bush planting right on my mouth. The tangy flavor of her pussy filled my mouth. It was such a delight. I licked and lapped at her with hunger. My tongue danced over her flesh, loving the taste of her.

Vixen grabbed my dick. The redheaded werewolf rubbed her bush into the crown of my cock. A moment later, her pussy lips kissed it. I groaned into Silver's twat as her packmate slammed her cunt down my rod.

I groaned in delight as that hot and silky twat engulfed my dick. I growled out my pleasure as her flesh swallowed me. In moments, she bottomed out on me, moaning her pleasure. She squeezed her snatch around me and slid her pussy back up me.

Gods damn, yes! I growled into Silver's cunt, savoring that delight.

I licked and lapped at her pussy as Vixen rode my shaft. My tongue stroked through tangy folds, drinking the werewolf's passion. She had such a wondrous taste. Just a great flavor to her cunt. It was a pure delight to drink her passion.

I loved every moment of it. I licked and lapped at her with twat. I caressed her with hunger. She groaned, squirming on my face. It was spectacular to taste her. To lick and lap at her. I caressed her with such passion. I feasted on her with passion as she ground her twat on me.

That's so good, she moaned. Ooh, yes, yes, that's just delicious. Las's big dick, you're eating my pussy, Lord Kurtis.

Lord Kurtis! Vixen groaned, working her cunt up and down my dick. Breed me. I want to be bred by you!

I'll breed you! I growled and thrust my tongue into Silver's fertile depths.

Me, too, moaned the werewolf, her cunt squeezing about my tongue.

I stirred her up. I swirled around in her. I made her shudder as I devoured her This was just a delight. I licked and lapped at her with everything that I had. My tongue danced around in her cunt, making her quiver on me.

It was a delicious delight. Just such a wild time. I loved every moment of feasting on her as Vixen rode my dick. She worked her cunt up and down my dick. She rode me with such hunger. Her cunt squeezed about me.

Yes, yes, yes, Vixen moaned. Ooh, this dick will breed me.

He will! Lupiz groaned from where she licked out Moon's cunt. Just pump you full of all his cum.

That's Gods damn right! I growled into Silver's cunt. 

I slid my tongue through her folds, the pressure swelling at the tip of my cock. Vixen rode me with such passion. She squeezed her snatch around me as she slid up and down. She swallowed my cock over and over again, her silky walls massaging the crown.

I felt both their orgasms rising as they rode me. My tongue danced through Silver's pussy, giving her the pleasure she needed while Vixen worshiped my rod with her tight cunt. She slid it up and down, building the pressure at the tip of my cock.

I would flood her. Breed her. I would knock up the entire pack of werewolves.

It was why I was here. I couldn't wait to baste them all with my spunk. This was such a hot moment. My cock throbbed in Vixen's twat. She had such an amazing twat that squeezed about my dick as she worked up and down my shaft.

My balls tightened, ready to spurt all that cum into her when she came. I squeezed Silver's silky thighs as she squirmed her twat on my face. She ground her hot flesh from side to side on my lips. I licked and lapped at her I caressed her with such hunger. My tongue thrust into her cunt. I would make her explode. It would be such a delight to make her howl in delight.

Las's big dick, I love your cock, Kurtis! moaned Vixen.

Vixen slammed her cunt down my dick. She squeezed around me. It was fantastic to have her snatch gripping me. She held me tight, massaging me. I growled into Silver's cunt as the pressure swelled in my nuts. I came closer and closer to exploding.

I would have such a huge climax spurting into her cunt.

Gods damn, I moaned into the werewolf's pussy. Yes, yes, that's amazing.

Ooh, make me cum, Kurtis! Silver moaned, her pale butt-cheeks clenching before my face. Your tongue is so hot on me.

I licked at her. My tongue danced through her folds I swirled about in her, loving the way she shuddered on me. Her juices spilled over my chin. Her tangy flavor filled my mouth. It was such a delight to have her on my mouth.

They were both so close to cumming. They just needed a nudge.

I caressed their pleasure as my tongue fluttered against Silver's clit. She gasped as her orgasm exploded through her. At the same moment, Vixen slammed her cunt down my cock and engulfed my dick. Her pussy went wild around me. 

Her cunt suckled on me as Silver's pussy juices gushed into my mouth.

Kurtis! howled Silver, my tongue licking and lapping up the pussy cream gushing out of her twat.

Yes, yes, Kurtis! snarled Vixen, her pussy suckling at my dick. Cum in me! Breed me!

I erupted. 

With a growl, I spurted over and over into her cunt. My dick exploded. Stars burst across my eyes as I pumped my jizz into her fertile snatch I shuddered. My balls unloaded in her while I drank her pack mate's pussy cream.

I swallowed down every drop of cream that Silver had. She squirmed on me, her pubic hair caressing my cheeks. I savored her tangy passion as my cum pumped into Vixen's pussy. I growled, hitting that peak of pleasure.

Now you have to breed me! Silver moaned, squirming on my mouth. 

Yes, I growled, my dick spurting a final blast of cum into her snatch. 

Silver slipped off me and knelt to my side, her ass aimed at me. She had a gorgeous rump painted in silvery highlights. She wiggled back and forth, her pubic hair dripping with juices. Vixen shuddered on me, her pussy's ripples slowing.

With a groan, she crawled off me and fell on her back, mewling in delight. Three werewolves bred. One to go.

I rose, my cock bobbing before me. I licked my lips, savoring those tangy juices. I moved behind Silver. She burned with such lust to be bred, but... I reached into her and nudged what she wanted just a bit.

Fuck me in the ass, Kurtis, she moaned, her desire for anal sweeping through her.

You don't want me to breed you? I asked, my cock throbbing before me. It dripped with her pussy cream. 

You can pull out before you cum and ram into my cunt, she moaned. Just as I wanted her to.

If that's what you desire, I said, smiling in amusement. Then you're going to get ass-fucked then bred, Silver!

Yes! she moaned. Las's big dick, I want you in me, Kurtis.

I smiled and pressed my dick into her butt-crack. I slid down to her sphincter. I loved the feel of her asshole tingling there. I nuzzled into her and pushed. She shuddered, her eyes widening. I drilled into her, savoring her anal ring stretching and stretching to devour my cock.

I shuddered as her asshole widened around the crown of my cock and swallowed me. She gasped, head tossing and silvery hair flashing in the moonlight. Her anal sheath devoured my cock. I slid into her lubed with Vixen's pussy juices.

The velvety heat of her bowels gripped my dick. I smiled as I savored that new delight. I had totally conquered this pack of werewolves. I savored my domination of them as I slid deeper and deeper into Silver's asshole.

Kurtis! she moaned as her anal sheath devoured me. I slid deeper and deeper into her bowels, loving every second of it. Oh, that's incredible.

It fucking is, I moaned, my hands gripping her hips. You got such a wonderful ass. I see why you wanted me to butt-fuck you.

I don't even like anal, she moaned. But your dick... It's perfect for it, Kurtis! Las's big dick!

I gripped her hips as I drew back. My cock slid out of her anal sheath. She squeezed her flesh around me, massaging me. I shuddered and thrust into her depths. I loved how her sheath swallowed me. It was fantastic to have her devouring my cock like this.

I savored every moment of burying into her. I fucked her hard and fast into her anal sheath. I slammed to the hilt in her bowels. I loved the way she gripped me. How she held me as I fucked into her with hard strokes. My balls slapped into her taint.

Kurtis! Kurtis! she moaned as I drilled into her again and again. I fucked her hard and fast. Gods, your cock... You're melting my asshole.

Good, I growled, my hands sliding over her smooth skin.

My balls slapped it her taint. I fucked her hard and fast, savoring every moment of burying into her bowels. She had such a tight twat. She held me with such passion. I loved it. I groaned, my face twisting with delight as I fucked into her again and again.

I pounded her hard and fast. I thrust to the hilt in her asshole. I plunged deep into her bowels, plundering her. It was a thrill to slam into her hot sheath. Her anal delight massaged my cock, swelling the ache at the tip of my dick.

She rocked back into me, her asshole massaging my dick. It was incredible to bugger this werewolf after breeding her three other packmates. My balls brimmed with all the jizz I would pump into her cunt.

I am going to knock you up, Silver! I snarled.

She threw a look over her shoulder, her dark eyes gleaming bright. You better! I need to have your daughter! Kurtis! Kurtis!

Fuck her asshole! moaned Lupiz between licks at Vixen's sloppy cunt. Pound her!

Yes, yes, knock her up, Moon moaned, her big tits jiggling as she ground her twat on Vixen's mouth. Breed her.

I plan on it! I growled. Las's big dick, that is a tight asshole!

And that's a big dick! Silver moaned, her asshole clenching down on my cock. Yes, yes, fuck me so hard. Make me cum!

I slammed into his asshole. I buried into her bowels. I fucked her with such passion. I groaned, my face contorting with delight as I plowed into her. It was just such a fantastic experience to bury into that amazing anal sheath. 

Her bowels gripped me as I fucked away hard and fast. I plowed to the hilt in her bowels, my nuts tightening. I was so close to cumming, and so was she. Her orgasm built and built with my every plunge into her bowels. 

I'm going to cum! she moaned as I buried into her. Oh, Kurtis... Gods, that's... that's... YEEEESSSS!

She howled out her passion as her anal sheath spasmed around my cock. Her asshole writhed with the force of climax. The pleasure was so hot. It suckled at me. I groaned, drawing back my hips, savoring that hot delight convulsing about me.

But I couldn't cum in her bowels. I groaned and ripped out of her anal sheath. I shifted my cock down and thrust into her bowels. I buried to the hilt in her anal sheath. Her twat spasmed around me. It was just amazing to have her cumming around me like that.

Yes, yes, yes! I gasped as her bowels spasmed around my dirty dick, suckling at me.

Breed me! she howled, buffing my cock clean with her convulsing twat.

Gods, yes!

I erupted.

My cum pumped into her twat. I fired blast after blast of jizz into her snatch. The pleasure shot through me. Stars burst across my vision. I groaned, my dick unloading into her twat. It was incredible to feel her milking my dirty dick.

This was so incredible to breed her. My dick pumped her full of all that cum. My dick erupted with such hunger. It was awesome to baste her twat with all my jizz. To breed her. I groaned through the bliss as she howled out her delight.

Kurtis! 

Her cunt milked out every drop of cum that I had. I shuddered as I pumped the last of my spunk into her twat. I panted and ripped my cock out of her snatch. I reveled in that amazing passion. I groaned as I fired a final spurt into her.

She shuddered and crawled off my cock. She scampered to her fellow packmates, kissing them. I smiled and stood up. I had bred them. It was late. I had to get back to my sisters. I drew in a deep breath, feeling Lasla's passions. She was always horny.

A beacon that would lead me through the dark woods. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pyrriah

I perked up when Kurtis strode back into camp with his hard cock thrusting out before him. I smiled and rushed over to him, so happy to see my brother. I was worried with the panthopus roaming out in the dark.

You're safe, I groaned and cupped his face. I kissed him.

My twin brother had the flavor of tangy pussy on my lips. It was such a delight to taste. I loved it. My tongue flicked over his mouth to gather it while his dick poked into my stomach. I bet he had more on his cock.

I broke the kiss and groaned, The panthopus is following us. I was worried.

Really? Kurtis asked as I fell to my knees. He chuckled. I guess our sister made an impression.

Yeah, I said and breathed in. I could smell both tangy pussy juices on his dick and something sour. An asshole. Had he gone from the werewolf's bowels to her cunt to breed her? He hadn't been in her twat long enough for all her earthy musk to be buffed off. Mmm, let me clean you up.

I swallowed his cock. My lips slid over his dick. I savored the flavor of him. He filled my mouth. This wicked heat shot through me as I engulfed his cock. The tangy pussy and sour asshole mixed on my tongue. The two flavors were amazing.

I groaned as I bobbed my head, working my lips up and down my brother's cock. I polished his dick with hunger. He groaned, his dick throbbing into my mouth. He stared down at me with his blue eyes brimming with his passion.

That's it, Pyrriah, he groaned. Damn, you are such a good cock-sucker.

I winked up at him and nursed hard.

My tongue polished his pole. I buffed him clean of those naughty flavors. The tangy and sour delights melted across my tongue as a new flavor grew. His salty precum. I loved this so much. I nursed with such passion on him.

I bobbed my tongue. I slid my mouth up and down his cock. I nursed on him with hunger. He groaned, staring down at me with such lust in his eyes. His hands slid through my fiery hair as I bobbed my head.

Gods damn, you're amazing, Pyrriah, he groaned. Just wonderful.

I moaned around him, the flavors of the werewolf's cunt and pussy fading. Soon, It was just the delight of his salty precum. The best flavor of them all. I suckled hard, my cheeks hollowing. Drool ran down my chin as I bobbed my head. 

He groaned with my every suckle. I could tell he was coming closer and closer to cumming. He would have such a big burst of jizz and flood my mouth. It would be so hot to enjoy. I swirled my tongue around his cock.

He groaned, his face contorting with passion. I bobbed my head, loving the flavor of his dick. I nursed so hard on him. He shuddered, moaning as I did that. My tongue caressed over his crown. I loved his dick.

It was a delight to worship his cock. I nursed on him with all my passion. He groaned, rising towards his orgasm. He would have such a big one. Just a huge burst of cum that would flood my mouth.

I wanted that.

Hungered for that.

Pyrriah, he panted, his dick throbbing. Gods, you're getting me there.

I moaned in delight, sucking so hard.

Drool ran down my chin as I bobbed my head. My boobs jiggled as I suckled on him. I nursed with such passion, savoring every moment of loving him. I was so glad he was safe. That he was back in my mouth.

I grabbed his ass, squeezing his muscular rump. I held him tight as I bobbed my head. I savored every moment of suckling on him. He had such an amazing dick to worship. I loved every moment of this. My pussy dripped hotter and hotter.

Pyrriah! he groaned, his butt-cheeks clenching beneath my fingers. Gods damn, yes!

His cock erupted.

Hot and salty cum fired into my mouth. My brother's incestuous seed. I savored it. I gulped it down as he fired more and more of his spunk into my mouth. His jizz poured down my throat, so thick and warm.

A hot thrill shot through me as I gulped down his cum. He grunted with each blast of his spunk. It was amazing to enjoy. I loved it so much. I swallowed all of it. I drank it down with such hunger. It was fantastic to enjoy.

I loved every moment of it. I savored this rapture of gulping down his jizz. I swallowed down every drop he had. It was wondrous to drink his spunk. It was a pure delight to swallow every last bit of spunk he had. He panted as he did. 

I slid my mouth off his dick. Mmm, so how many werewolves did you tame?

He grinned and started telling me all about it.  

The more he spoke, the more my pussy got wet. This hot itch suffused me. It made me squirm from side to side. I was dripping with excitement. Just so eager for naughty fun to happen. I fell to my hands and knees and bent over like a bitch.

Mmm, did you fuck them like this? I moaned, wiggling my rump from side to side. Did you ram your cock into their pussies and fuck them on their hands and knees like the bitches that they are?

Yes, I did, my brother said. I knew he could feel my lust. It was shouting through me. Just begging for him to ram his cock into my cunt and fuck me hard. He slapped his dick on my rump. He beat it back and forth from butt-cheek to butt-cheek. I fucked Lupiz hard just like this.

Please, please, fuck me like a bitch, I moaned to my twin brother. Your bitch! 

How can I say no to that? he asked.

He slid his cock down my butt-crack, the tip just nuzzling into the crevice but not entering it enough to fuck my asshole. He reached my taint and the red hairs that adorned my pussy. He pushed right against my cunt. Then he thrust into me. 

I gasped as he buried into me. He plowed his cock into my pussy. It was so fantastic to feel. A naughty shudder ran through me. It sent this wild heat surging through my body. It was an amazing delight. I was just so glad to enjoy it. 

I loved every moment of it. I savored every second of that passion ramming into my cunt. I loved it with all my heart. My big brother was in me. He was filling me up. A shiver ran through me. This wicked heat shot through my body. I groaned, squeezing my cunt down on him. 

Oh, yes, yes, breed your sister-bitch! I moaned, squeezing down on him.

I hoped he really didn't breed me again, now wasn't the time, but the fantasy was so much fun.

He pumped away at me. He fucked me with such force. He buried his cock to the hilt in my cunt over and over again I loved it so much. I shuddered as he buried into me hard and fast. He plowed his cock into my cunt. It was fantastic to enjoy him doing that to me. It was an amazing passion. I loved every second of him burying into me like that. 

He pumped away hard and fast. He fucked me with such passion. His strokes were hard. Fast. He buried to the hilt in me again and again. He fucked me with such passion. His nuts slapped into my bush, heavy with all that cum.

My boobs swayed beneath me. He groped them. He gripped them with his strong hands as he plowed into me again and again. I loved it. I loved it so much. I fucked into him again and again. It was amazing to feel him ramming into me.

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped. Oh, Gods, that's good.

Las's big dick, I love your pussy, Pyrriah, my twin brother moaned. His hands kneaded my tits, squeezing them as he rammed into me.

I shuddered, taking his cock in my pussy over and over again. He fucked me with such passion. He rammed his dick into me again and again. I loved every second of it. I savored every moment of him fucking me.

It was fantastic. I loved it so much. I shuddered as he buried into me. He plowed into me hard and fast. It was exciting to have him burying into me again and again. I loved every moment of it. I savored every second of him burying into me like that. 

Yes, yes, yes, I whimpered, my orgasms building and building. Oh, Kurtis, I'm going to have such a huge explosion.

He slid his fingers down my tits to my nipples. He pinched them. He squeezed and twisted them. I gasped at that. I savored how he squeezed them. My heart pounded beat so wildly in my chest. It was such a joy to have him bury into me. 

He fucked me so hard. He plowed to the hilt in me again and again. He fucked me with just such hard strokes. It was amazing to have him pumping into me like this. Every stroke brought me closer and closer while sparks flared from my nipples.

My red hair flickered with the heat that would burn through me. I shuddered as he plowed deep into me. I clamped down on him, swelling my orgasms. I came closer and closer to bursting with delight. He slammed into me.

Kurtis! I howled, my red hair exploding into fiery light. I love you!

Gods, yes! he groaned as my pussy went wild around his dick. Love you, Pyrriah!

He drew back as my cunt spasmed around him. I loved this pleasure. It was wonderful. Amazing. I shuddered as the heat rippled through me. He buried his cock back into me, my pussy suckling at his thick girth.

Las's big dick! he groaned.

His cock erupted.

Hot jizz pumped into me. I quivered in delight as my brother pumped his cum into me. He flooded me with spurt after spurt of his cum. It was amazing to experience. It was a complete joy to savor. I loved every second of it. 

He basted my womb. He soaked me with his spunk. I wiggled my hips from side to side, savoring the way his cum flooded me. My pussy worked out every drop of his jizz while he twisted my nipples. I shuddered in such sweet delight.

Pyrriah, my brother panted. You are amazing. Thank you for watching out for Lasla while I was gone.

Mmm, always, I moaned. I love you.

Love you, too, he said.

I felt so wonderful. My twin brother's seed was right where it belonged: in my pussy. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

The next day, we caught a glimpse of Drakin Castle through a break in the woods. The stone edifice, a crumbling ruin, peeked through the trees. It was nearly straight in front of us. A surge of hope shot through me.

Almost there, I said, smiling.

Maybe an hour, said Nephi.

Let's not waste time, I said, eager to find the secrets to breed my sylph step-mother and my sylph half-sisters. That would be momentous. I couldn't wait for it. I was so eager for the wonderful day when I could knock them up. 

We kept on marching through the wood, hoping to reach it. My heart beat so fast with such excitement. I couldn't wait to get there and plumb the ruins. To find the secrets. I had such a jaunt to my step.

Someone's eager, Lasla said. My sister grabbed my right arm and pressed against me. Mmm, I can feel those desires throbbing through you. You're eager to breed my mom.

Yes, I am, I said. I got to breed all the women in our family. There's three I haven't been able to.

Hard to believe, Lord Kurtis, said Princess Naryu. I mean, you breed every woman you stick your dick in.

Not hermaphrodites, I said. Beside my mother. Because, well, she's my mother.

Yeah, that makes sense, she said. 

We kept walking through the woods. My heart pounded in my chest. The brush gave way before us. It was exciting to be moving through this terrain, to get closer and closer to the castle. It was right before us. We should be there soon. 

It felt like more than an hour had passed when I started to frown. I kept peering ahead, hoping for another glimpse of the castle. It had been close. The terrain was rough, but it shouldn't have slowed us down that much. And yet I could see nothing of the castle.

It was huge. How could it not be in front of us by now?

Shouldn't we be there by now? Lasla asked. I feel like we've been walking for two hours. I'm getting hungry.

I'm a little perplexed, said Nephi. She looked around then frowned. No, there it is.

She pointed to the right. Through a gap in the trees, a glimpse of the crumbling stone was right there. I blinked in surprise. 

How did it get over there? I asked.

We must have veered off to the side in the forest, said Princess Naryu.

I really thought we were going straight, I said, rubbing at the back of my neck. I guess that's my bad for leading us wrong. Sorry, everyone. Let's be more careful.

I stared at the monument then picked out a tree that was straight between us and walked towards it. The castle vanished from sight, lost behind the foliage again. When I reached the landmark tree, I selected another one at the edge of my vision, which wasn't far in this dense woods, that was straight on the path and walked towards it.

I kept that up, moving with my family I was very careful to keep it in view. To keep moving in that line and not veering off it. This was getting so annoying, but I wouldn't let it lead me astray. I kept us moving straight. My stomach grew hungrier and hungrier.

I really wanted to eat.

It's been more than an hour again, said Lasla. Where is this castle? Can we at least stop to eat?

Yeah, I muttered, feeling very perplexed. I led us in a straight line, right? I glanced at Nephi. Did I lead us in the wrong direction at any point?

She shook her head. No, you did not, Lord Kurtis. I really don't know how to explain what has just happened.

Oh, Gods damn it, Lasla cursed. It's behind us.

We all whirled around and there it was. Castle Drakin, peeking through the trees straight behind us. I stared at it in shock. My jaw dropped. How could it be there? We had gone in a straight line. We hadn't deviated from it.

I know we went straight, I snarled. How is that there. What is going on here?

That doesn't make any sense, Pyrriah said.

We went in a straight line, Princess Naryu said. I am positive of that, Lord Kurtis. I am certain that we didn't deviate. I was watching you carefully. We could not have missed something that big.

No, Pradu said, shaking her head. I don't like this, Lord Kurtis. I don't like this at all. Something is going on here.

My dragon-mother sniffed the air, her brow furrowing. I stared at her in question, wondering what it was she smelled. She rubbed at the golden collar about her throat, her naked breasts jiggling as she drew in another deep inhalation.

Nephi growled in warning. We're being followed, Lord Kurtis.

Pyrriah whipped out her tulwar and stepped up before Lasla, pushing our sister back towards me. Both the rakshasa's sprouted their tiger heads and Nephi blurred into her sphinx form. She crouched low, her wings folded back.

Is it the panthopus? I demanded.

It better not be, Lasla muttered. I'm not in the mood to get fucked by him right now. Not at all.

It's not, said Nephi. It's more than one. They're circling us.

Females, Mother said. And there's something else in the air. Something subtle, but I don't recognize it.

Females? I asked. Four of them?

Nephi nodded. 

Lupiz, you and your girls get out here, I growled, feeling the four bundles of lust out there. The desire for my cock. Once I had been alerted, I had noticed them. Now!

Out of the brush, the four werewolves appeared as sleek, gray wolves. They were big and fierce. They growled at my women. I recognized which one was Lupiz, her fur black and eyes fierce. I marched right up to her.

Human forms, I snarled. And don't you ever growl at one of my women again. You understand me. You're my bitch.

The wolf blurred and became black-haired Lupiz, her round breast jiggling as she stood straight up. She swallowed and looked nervous. She shifted from side to side, looking contrite. The other three became redheaded Vixen, busty Moon, and delicious Silver. 

Sorry, Kurtis, whimpered Lupiz. We were worried about you. She quivered with such lust.

Worried? I demanded, my brow furrowing. Why? Just what is going on here?

It's those pests! hissed Lupiz. You've wandered into their territory. That's not good.

Pests? I asked.

The fluttering wings, growled Vixen. Those annoying little flutterwing cunts!

They're tricky bitches, Kurtis, added Moon, shaking her head. I don't like being here.

I looked around at my other women. Any of you know what a flutterwing is?

Lasla and Pyrriah shook their heads. Nephi opened her mouth then frowned. Both my rakshasa-slaves gave me helpless looks. But Mother... She had a look of annoyance on her face. Of resignation. The sort that comes when you get bad news.

Fairies, my dragon-mother said. We're caught in a fairy glamour. They're bewildering our senses.

How do we get out of it? I demanded, my stomach clenching in worry.

To be continued...