Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Bimbo App ~ The Black Stud's Harem Chapter Five: Pimping Out the Bimbo Wife
Summary: Hot wife bimbo has her biggest gangbang yet!
Keywords: MF Msolo MMF MFF mc oral facial anal DP gang inter wife cuck exhib voy

Copywrite 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to WRC-264 for beta reading this!

Dante Jackson

Madeline rubbed her tits against the living room window. The blonde stewardess-bimbo giggled at the streaking sounds she made as she slid her big breasts across the window. It made her happy to show off her breasts.

Not surprising since at Level 2 she became an Exhibitionist Lover Bimbo.

Janette, my first bimbo, sat on my cock. She shuddered as she slid her pussy down my dick. She took every last inch of me. I groaned at the feel of her hot twat around me as the phone rang. She grinned at me and slid up me.

Her round boobs jiggled as her hot pussy massaged my cock. I sat on the couch in her house, loving having my own White slut-wife riding my dick. She plunged back down me, taking every last inch of my cock.

Bouncy! Bouncy! she squealed as she rode me.v

The phone picked up and a voice said, Cool Jack Productions, Lamar speaking.

He had a suave tone to him, his voice with a rich timber. Black, obviously. A cool cat like Lando Calrissian. This was just the guy that I needed to talk to. I savored Janette's pussy riding up and down my cock.

I'm looking to make a film of some White bitches getting gangbanged, I said. Some real hot beauties, including a wife who loves fucking Black cock while her husband watches.

My man, that's some of the hottest shit out there, Lamar said. You really got some amateur hoes eager to gangbanged.

Don't you want to be gangbanged by big, Black dicks, Janette? I asked.

I super duper awesomey do! squealed Janette. I love biggie Black dicks especially when my hubby is all watching me. Like right now. Watch me ridey Anton's biggie cock! Ooh, ooh, he's stretching my pussy out.

Shit, she sounds like an airhead, groaned Lamar. Is she really...

Sitting on my dick right now, I groaned. She needs it bad. And I got two more here just as wild.

Well, I think we can be in business, said Lamar. I'll do a 60/40 split with you. I get sixty because it's my gear and I handle distribution. You get forty for providing the talent. Pay them out of that.

They're doing it for free, I said.

Lamar chuckled. My man, however it works out. Just bring them by. I need to take a look at them. And get a poke at them.

'Course, I said. When.

Uhhh... Tomorrow. At one. That should be perfect. You got my address?

I read it off the website and he agreed. I'll be there, Lamar, I said. I'll be there with all three of my White bimbo-bitches.

My man, Lamar said and hung up.

I smiled. I closed my eyes and savored that hot cunt working up and down my cock. She squeezed her pussy around my dick, her pussy was fantastic. She knew how to squeeze and relax her cunt to make the experience magnificent. That Kegel Expert Bimbo made her have the best-damned pussy in the world.

My bitches would make me so much money. I loved it. I savored that hot twat working up and down my cock. It was a fantastic rush to have the hot wife riding me. Her round, pale tits bounced as she gripped my dick.

I want all your cummies in my pussy! she moaned. Just all your jizzies, too! Ooh, ooh, I lovey your cock, Anton! It's the bestest best cock there is! Big and Black and ebony and thickie! I lovey it!

Show me, I groaned, savoring that bimbo-bitch riding my cock. She would make me so much money. She and the other two would, also.

I couldn't wait to have a stable of them. Making gangbang videos, and I was so interested in that perk I could by for them. I wanted to get that set up as I enjoyed Janelle riding me while her husband watched on.

He stroked his little cock as he got off on his wife riding my big, Black cock. I know I loved it. That tight pussy gripped me. She slammed down me and gasped. She didn't slide back up me but just started clenching and relaxing her pussy around my cock.

She massaged me with her kegel exercises. I loved how she squeezed her pussy in such away, her silky walls rippled up my cock. She massaged me in this exciting way, her face twisting in delight as she did that. 

I loved how she did that. It was fantastic having her gripping my cock with that hot twat. Fuck.

Cummies! she breathed. I want your cummies, Anton! I want them! I want them! I want them!

She did. Her pussy rippled around my cock. Not climaxing yet, but stroking me. I closed my eyes and savored what this White bimbo did to me. Her husband panted as he jerked off his little dick while I enjoyed every last second of this delight.

It was magnificent to enjoy. I savored every last second of it. This was fantastic. I groaned as the pressure in my nuts grew and grew. She slid up me suddenly, her pussy still rippling around me like this. It was just an amazing rush.

Oh, damn, I groaned. Oh, that's it. That's so good. Shit!

Cummies! she gasped as she rode me. She plunged her cunt down my cock and took every inch of me. Her twat burst with delight.

I groaned as her cunt rippled around my dick. Now she climaxed, squealing with all that delight. Her silky, wet pussy suckled at me with all her passion. Her juices soaked my balls as the pressure in them hit the bursting point

I grunted and erupted. 

The ecstasy slammed through me and crashed into my mind. My cum pumped over and over into her married pussy. The White bimbo bucked and squealed in delight. Her hot cunt rippled around me. She suckled at my cunt with that hot snatch of hers.

I loved every last second of her doing that to me. She nursed at me with all that passion. I groaned, reveling in all this passion surging through me. Stars erupted across my vision as I basted her with all my seed.

Hubby! Honey! Kurty! she moaned. He's jizzing in me! All his jizzies are flooding my pussy! I lovey it!

Yes! her husband grunted and erupted himself.

I just savored that pleasure sweeping through me. The ecstasy slammed into my mind. Stars burst across my vision. I loved every last second of this bliss sweeping through me. It was a fantastic rush having it. The bliss slammed into my mind. I groaned with each eruption of ecstasy that slammed through my mind. It was fabulous.

I grunted with each burst of delight. I spurted over and over again into her pussy. I loved this heat slamming through my mind. The rapture shot through me as her spasming cunt milked out the last eruption of my cum.

Shit, I groaned as I grabbed my phone. I had to get that perk. It was 20 Bimbo Crystals and I had 1. Fuck. It cost $475 for a bundle of ten. This app was so predatory, but... I had to find out what would happen if I got her this one.

I had the money. Last of my savings. I bought two packs of 10 Crystals. With my 21, I purchased Janette the Black Cock Worshiping Wife perk. She squirmed on me, humming in delight as she enjoyed cumming on my dick. 

I could set her up to be gangbanged for up to three hours by ten Black men. I could set the price of how much the guys would pay for it, and since she was married, I would get 25% more money if her husband was present.

I think that meant if I set the price a guy would have to pay to gangbang her at $100, I would get $125 if Kurt was there. I liked the idea of that. If this worked, one gangbang session would get me back the money I had spent and then some.

Just how greedy could I be?

I set the price to gangbang her at $500. Then it asked me to choose a hotel. I did that followed by choosing a start time. So I found a cheap hotel in downtown Dallas and set it to begin in an hour. Janette gasped and jumped off my cock.

I have to go shower and get all freshy for my gangybang! she squealed and darted off.

Damn, I muttered, shocked that this was working.

Yeah, said Kurt. I should get something to eat before watching them fuck her.

I shook my head. This was working. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Janelle Bowman

I was so excitedy. I bounced up and down in the elevator, so eager to have all the biggie Black dicks fuckying me and gangybanging me and making me cummy so hard. I squealed as the elevator ticked up to the fifth floor.

Don't jump in the elevator, honey, my lovey dovey hubby said.

I'm just such an eager beaver cockylover whore, hubby, I said, grabbing his arm. They're all going to fucky me. In my pussy and my mouth and my assyhole. That's... I held up my hand and ticked off my fingers. One, two, three! Three Black studly hunks all fuckying me at the same time.

I know, Kurt said. I'm eager for it, too, but if you jump up and down, you'll break the elevator and no gangbang.

My eyes widened. That's horritable.

He chuckled. You're so cute as a bimbo.

I threw my arms around his neck and kissed him. He was just such the bestest besty hubby a bimboy-whore like me could ever dever want. I was so happy to be his slutty wifey. I kissed him hard as the elevator slowed and dinged.

I broke from him and jumped out, gasping, Gangybang time!

I darted to the right, but my husband caught me and pulled me in the other direction. Our room's this way.

Wow, how do you know that? I asked, clinging to his arm. You're so smarty, you know that. Smarty and handsomey and I lovey you with all my heart. As much as I lovey Anton's biggie, Black dick and his cummies.

I love you, too, he said. With all my heart.

I kissed him again. I hoped he would fucky me last when I was all full of all the jizzies and just so drippy with cummies and spunkies. It would be so hottie to have his small cock fuckying my sloppy cunny cunt.

We reached the door and he thrust in his credit card. It beeped and opened. That must be how you pay for a hotel room. That was so neaty awesome. He pushed open the door and we headed in. There was a king-size bed in the center of the room. My husband pulled out a chair from the desk as I started strippying all naked and nude and naked. I had to be ready for the gangybang.

The men should start showing up soon, he said. He grabbed a black box that I swear just poofed onto the desk and wasn't there a moment ago. They put in their $500, and they get to fuck you!

Yay! I said, pulling off my sunnydress. Why's it called a sunnydress when there's no sunnyshine coming from it. Not glowy at all.

Because you were it to look beautiful on a sunny day, my husband said as I threw it on the floor, freeing my round boobies. My black hair fell down my back. I was just wearing my heeled boots, which I lovedy oh, so much. That's why.

Well, it's not sunny in here, I said, hands on my hips. It's gangybangy in here. And I need to be nekkid and nudey nude for that.

Yep, he said as a loud knock came at the door. 

My husband headed to it. I jumped on the bed and knelt on my hands and knees, my bobbies swaying beneath me. I wiggled my ass back and forth as My husband opened the door. A Black studly hunk marched in, slipping a wad of cash into the box. 

Damn, you really are a cuck with a wife needing to be fucked by some real men, he said, his ebony face drinking in my naked appearance.

My Janette needs to be fucked, I said. And needs to be fucked hard!

I really truly awesomey do! my wife squealed. Come fucky me so hard!

Shit, a second Black man said. He ran his credit card over the box. It beeped. Fuck, yes.

More Black men were coming in while the firsts were getting naked. I licked my lips as ebony chests with all these hard muscles appeared. Just pecs and abs and biceps and brawny strength that made my pussy clench. They shoved of their pants. 

Biggie, Black cocks appeared. Dicks all thickie and huge and throbbing and wantying to fucky me so hard. I giggled in delight as the first one mounted the bed. He just went right for my pussy. That was so neaty. He rammed his cock into my cunt without saying a word.

Yay! I squealed as he filled my pussy up with his biggie cock. 

Goddamn, you got one tight fucking wife, growled the man. 

Just enjoy her, Kurt said. She needs this so much.

Isn't he just the bestest hubby a slutty bimbo-wifey can have? I asked as the Black stud gripped my hips and drew back his cock. 

He slammed back into me, churning up my pussy. Such goody delights washed through me. I groaned as he buried into me again and again. He fuckyed me oh, so hardy. It was just such a rushy delight to have that thickie cock fuckying me. He buried over and over into me.

Then a Black stud with a gold necklace stepped up before me. He thrust his cock right for my mouth. So I opened wide like a slut-wife bimboy whore. I swallowed his shaft, my lips sliding over his thick crown and sealing around his ebony shaft.

I moaned around him as the other hunky stud fucked my pussy. My cheaty cunt squeezed down on him as I reveled in all that wondermous pleasure rushing through me. I suckled on the dick in my mouth, nursing with such passion.

My husband watched as I was spit-roasted by these two awesomey dicks. I squeezed my cunt down on that biggie cock. He fuckyed me with such hard strokes as I swirled my tongue around the nicey dick in my mouth.

All that salty precummies spilled and tasted so goody great.

Shit, the guy I suckled on moaned. His necklace shifted over his ebony chest as he thrust his cock to the back of my throat. She knew how to suck dick!

The other Black studly hunks chuckled. They were all getting naked and watching me getting mouth-fucked and pussy-fucked. I rocked between the two studs as they thrust their biggie cocks in and out of my holes.

Drool ran down my chin and pussy juices down my thighs. They churned me up, and I lovedy it so much. I squeezed my cunny cunt down on thickie cock while I nursed on the other, my cheeks hollowing with my force.

Fuck, that's good, the guy mouth-fucking me groaned. He thrust his cock to the back of my throat. Shit, that's good. Bet your wife can take every inch of my cock.

Deep-throat her, said Kurt. My wife can take you all on. She'll be wanting more when you're all exhausted!

The men laughed again, calling me such nice names like Slut and Whore and Fucking bitch! They were all so kind. I was so happy and thrilly and joyie to have them here to gangybang me. I would make them all cum and jizz and spunk in my holes. 

The cock fuckying my mouth slammed to the back of my throat and just keep going. I gagged, but he didn't care. Nope. He rammed his thickie cock down my gullet and made me squeal in delight. His balls slapped happily into my chin.

I squeezed my cunt down around the other man's thickie cock as I reveled in all this delight. It was just such a happy time. I was just so thrilledy to have one man pounding my pussy while the other fuckyed my mouth.

Hairy nuts slapped into my chin over and over again. I moaned around his cock pumping down my throat as my pussy melted around such a nicey dick in my pussy. A biggie, Black rod that churned up my slutty cuntyhole.

Fuck, fuck, fuck, I'm going to pump your whore-wife's cunt full of my cum, the studly man fuckying my pussy grunted. 

She wants that, Kurt said. Such an amazey hubby. I lovedy him so much. Just as much as the cocks fuckying me from both ends.

I shuddered, my orgasmy delight building and building in my cunny cunt. The thickie cock plunged into me over and over again. I moaned around the dick fuckying down my throat, his nuts smacking my chin dripping in drool. I slurped on him. Suckled so very berry hard.

The other man's nuts slapped my clitty. My naughty bud bursty with such nummy sparks. I shuddered, hurtling toward my biggie climax. I was so eager for it as the thickie cock fuckyed me so hard. 

He just pumped away at me. He pounded my cunny cunt with all that biggie, Black dick. I whimpered, my pussy melting around him. I squeezed and relaxed and massagyed him. He grunted and buried into me.

Fuck! he snarled and erupted.

Feeling all his cummies splash on my cervix made me bursty in rapture. 

I squealed around the cock fuckying down my throat as my pussy spasmed around the spurting cock. I lovedy it. All that jizzies shot into me again and again. It was so awesomey to enjoy. I lovedy every last moment of it. 

Just every last secondy of it. This was such a wondermous moment. I was so happy to have all that bliss sweeping through me. I shuddered, my cunny writhing around that biggie cock. It was just perfect. Just what I needed all rushying through me. I lovedy this so much. I was so happy.

I quivered in delight, my cunny spasming around his thickie dick. I lovedy this passion. I shuddered, sucklying at him. It was just awesomey to experience this. All this wondermous bliss drowned my mind with happy, tingly delight.

Fuck! the guy fuckying my mouth groaned. He buried his cock down my gullet and erupted.

His cummies pumped straight into my belly. I loved all that warmy jizz filling me up while my pussy convulsed around the other hunky stud's biggie cock. They flooded me from both ends. It was so awesomey.

Shit, shit, shit, grunted the guy dumping his seedy cum into my pussy.

Hot damn, the other guy groaned as he erupted into my belly. He pulled his cock out of my throat, filling my mouth with salty jizzies.

I gulped down his delight, my pussy writhing. All these nicey, blissy delights washed through my body. I felt so goody great. The guy spurting into my cunt grunted as he erupted one last blast of cummies in me. 

Fuck, yes, he groaned.

I was so happy, too. I gulped down the last of the other man's seed. He panted and ripped his cock out of my mouth. I panted and licked my lips. I felt so goody great right now. I was just so ready for more. I wanted them to do all the naughty thingies to me.

Just all of them.

The men stared down at me, his chest rising and falling as he stared at me. Their eyes were so hot with their expressions. One lay on the bed and gripped his biggie dick. He waved his ebony cock at me, grinning at me.

Come for a ride, bitch, he said.

Okey-dokey! I squealed. I lovey riding biggie, Black cocks! Don't I, hubby?

Yes, you do, Kurt groaned. You love it so much!

I did. Oh, so muchy much. I was so happy to straddle this sexy hunk and grabbed his thickie cock. I pressed him up into my pussy. I rubbed him up and down, my twat full of all those cummies. I needed more cummies in me.

I plunged my pussy down his cock. I took every inch of his thickie dick in me. It was so goody great to have all that Black dick in me. I gasped, my boobs bouncing. I threw back my head, my hair flying.

Ooh, ooh, I purred, clenching and relaxing my pussy around his shaft. Mmm, isn't my cunny cunt just so awesomey?

Fuck, yes, he growled. Just ride my cock, boo. Ride it hard!

Yeppers! I said and slid my pussy up his cock. I squealed in delight as my biggie and thickie dick massaged my juicy snatch. It was just so wondermous. Ooh, that's just such an excitedy moment. I Lovedy it so much. That such a perfecty cock. But don't be shy. I lovey all your cocks. Just come and fucky me. I have my mouth and my assyhole, too!

Shit, your wife's a whore, a Black hunky stud said as he rubbed lube on his cock. He moved in behind me. I'm gonna clap her cheeks.

She'll love it, my hubby said. Such a sweetie.

The studly hunk pressed his cock between my butt-cheeks. He slid down his thickie dick down my crack. He found my assyhole and thrust into me. It was so awesomey to feel him thrusting against me while my pussy clamped down on the other shaft.

I whimpered in delighty joy as my assyhole opened wide. That wondermous cock slipped into my bowels and just made me feel so awesomey. I shuddered as more and more of him entered me. He grunted as he buried his cock all the way into my buttyhole.

Goddamn, that's tight, he growled, sliding his hands up my body to cup my breasts. I loved the feel of him doing that. He kneaded my tits. That was hot. Shit, you got yourself such a delicious body. And that ass... 

He drew back his cock as he groaned. I gasped in delight and slid my pussy up the other studly hunk's cock. I loved that biggie cock in me. It was so hottie having all that dick in me. I lovedy it so much, I shuddered as I rose all the way up him.

I plunged down one ebony cock while another biggie dick buried into my buttyhole. I gasped in delight, my boobs jiggling in the hunky guy's hands. He grunted and squeezed them as he pumped away at my assyhole.

Oh, yesy yes, that's so goody! I moaned. Two biggie cocks in me is such an awesomey and goody delight!

You talk too much, bitch, growled another guy. He stepped up on the bed and aimed his cock right at my mouth.

I do! I squealed. My mouth was made for suckying dicks!

Damn straight, The guy growled as I swallowed his cock.

I suckled him into my mouth and lovedy every second of that thickie cock. I suckled on him with such force. He groaned as I did that. His face twisted in delight. He groaned as I bobbed my head and worked my mouth up and down and up his cock. 

I suckled on him as I rode another biggie, Black dick. My hubby watched me getting triply stuffed. Just thickie cocks in all my holes making me feel so goody great. I lovedy every last moment of it. This was just so perfecty.

I was so happy being assy-fucked by one hunky stud while riding another's hugey cock. I suckled on the ebony dick in my mouth, nursing on him. I bobbed my head, sliding my lips up and down his dark shaft. My tongue stroked him.

You're doing great, Janette, my amazeying hubby said. Take those dicks!

Fucking cuck, the guy I rode moaned. Damn, he's pathetic. Mmm, work that hot cunt up and down my dick. That's it! Squeeze that twat. Shit, that's good.

I moaned in agreement, loveying his biggie cock in my pussy. I rode up and down him, my boobs jiggling in the other studly dude's hands. He fuckyed my assyhole with such an awesomey cock. He fuckyed me so hard and fast and hard.

My buttyhole melted around his cock while my cuntyhole melted around the other biggie dick. I lovedy them both in me. I reveled in them. Such goody delights swept through my nethers. Velvety heat and silky passion. It was so awesomey.

I moaned around the cock in my mouth. I suckled hard on his biggie shaft as my buttyhole gripped one thickie dick and my cunt another. I loved that hugey rod in my pussy. My twat massagyed him. I clenched and relaxed on him.

Shit, your ass is jiggling, slut, growled the guy hammering my assyhole. Damn, those cheeks are clapping around my cock!

I squealed in delight, my buttyhole melting around his thickie shaft. He fuckyed me so hard and fast. He buried into me over and over again. I was so happy. I whimpered, my body rising and rising toward an awesomey orgasm.

Yes, yes, yes, the guy I suckled on moaned. His ebony chest rose and feel as I loved his ebony shaft. Suck that big, Black dick, ho. Just suck it! 

I suckled on him, loving him in my mouth so much. This was just such a perfecty moment. I swirled my tongue around his cock. I wanted him to just bursty in my mouth. I ached for all their cummies. I squeezed my pussy and my assyhole on the other Black dicks.

My orgasm built in my pussy. I swelled toward that wondermous explosion. I would just explode all over their dicks. I wanted to cummy on them. To have my cuntyhole and my buttyhole spasming around their thick shafts.

Ride my cock, slut! growled the guy on his back. His dark face twisted in delight. Shit, I'm going to bust a load in you!

I wanted that.

Yes, yes, yes, the guy grunted as he hammered my assyhole. Shit, that is tight. That is fucking tight. I love it!

I was super duper awesomey glad that he loved my buttyhole because I lovedy and adoredy his biggie dick. He fuckyed me so hard with it. He pounded me while I rode the other cock. My pussy gripped that hugey shaft. I was so close to cumming.

I moaned around the cock in my mouth. I nursed on the yummy and ebony schlong. I suckled hard, my cheeks hollowing. Drool ran down my chin. My cunt plunged down one biggie dick as the other slammed deep into my buttyhole. My clitty bud ground into the stud's pubic bone.

Sparks bursty with delight. I squealed and climaxed.

My pussy and my assyhole both spasmed around such biggie cocks. I lovedy that huge shaft filling up my bowels. This was just such a wondermous moment. I was enjoying every last second of this awesomey delight. 

Pleasure swept through me and drowned my mind. I suckled so hard on the cock in my mouth as my pussy and assyhole spasmed around the other Black dicks. I was in such amazey heaven right now as all the blissy rapture smothered my thoughts.

Fuck! the guy in my pussy grunted and erupted.

More cummies shot into my pussy. Then into my buttyhole. Two cocks erupted into my naughty holes and filled me up with all their jizzies. More blissy rapture burst in my cunt and washed through me. I felt so goody awesomey great.

Shit! the guy I suckled on grunted. His ebony face contorted. Goddamn, ho!

He erupted into my mouth. His salty cum flooded me. It was so hottie having all those jizzies pumping into me. I enjoyed every lasty second of their three cocks filling me with their cummies. So much spunky seed filled me up.

I gulped down salty cum. I lovedy how greaty it tasted. I swallowed it all as such wondermous blissy washed through me. Over and over and over again, the pleasure swept through me. It was just fantytastic. I was so thrilled to enjoy all of this.

I shuddered, my cunty hole writhing and spasming around that biggie cock. I trembled, the pleasure washing through me. Stars flashed across my mind as I hit that awesomey peak. I shuddered there, loveying all this passion.

It was just perfect. Just a perfecty delight. I lovedy every last second of this wondermous passion. I enjoyed every last secondy of this delight. A biggie smile swept through my mind. I lovedy all this bliss. It was so goody.

Shit, shit, shit, the guy fucking my asshole grunted as he erupted one last time.

Fuck, that's good, the hunky stud fuckying my booty hole grunted. Goddamn, I love that.

I lovedy that, too. He filled me up with all that wondermous delight. It was so perfect to have him do that. I felt so goody great. A biggie smile spread on my lips as I savoredy all that awesomey bliss. My pussy milked the other guy dry.

I swallowed load after load of cummies. I gulped down the jizzies firing out of that awesome cock. There was just so much delicious and yummy spunk to swallow. He grunted as I fired the last of my cummies into him.

Fuck! grunted the guy in my asshole. He ripped out of me.

Another guy grabbed me. I gasped, ripped off one cock. Cummies spilled out of my pussy. I was spun around and thrust down on my belly. A biggie dick slammed into my assyhole. I just gasped in delight at that awesomey cock.

The men were all so eager for me. They fuckyed me with such force. I shuddered as the guy in my buttyhole erupted in me. Another guy was there. I was flipped over on my back. One guy fucked my cunt while I tilted my head back to suck on another's guy's dick.

Shit! one stud grunted.

His hot cum splashed on my round boobs.

I rubbed his cummies into my tits as the other guys cheered me on. My hubby watched while my pussy gripped the biggie, Black dick that fucked me so hard. I suckled on the other as all that spunky jizz soaked my boobs.

More cocks erupted in me.

More cummies flooded me.

I swallowed down the jizzies while my pussy milked out all the salty seed. I was picked up again. This time, I was sat down with my assyhole impaled down one cock while a guy fuckyed my pussy hard. I moaned, spunk running down my tits.

I swallowed a cock. I nursed on that biggie dick in my mouth with such passion. I swirled my tongue around it, loveying being stuffed with all those biggie dicks. The Black hunky studs grunted and groaned as they fucked me.

They pounded me on my knees. On my back. I rode them. They bent me over the dresser. Pinned me to the wall. They did such hottie things to me. I loved it all as the pleasure bursty in me again and again and again. So many climaxy cums.

I orgasmed with blissy delight so many times. More than ten. That was how many. Ten! I couldn't even count higher. I didn't have enough fingers. I just took all that nummy bliss they gave me as they fuckyed me over and over again. 

Yesy yes, yes, I moaned as I climaxed.

Then I was lying on my back, all the Black studs around me. They were stroking their cocks as I squirmed on my back, my stomach full of jizzies. Cummies leaked out of my pussy and my buttyhole. I squirmed there, my boobies jiggling.

Cummies on me! I begged. Shower me in all your spunky jizz!

Shit, one man grunted as he fisted his cock hard and fast. Fucking slut. Let's coat her in jizz!

Drench my wife with all your cum. Just hose her down! My wife was such a hunky and lovey man. I was so proud to be his slutty wifey. 

The Black men pumped their hands up and down their ebony dicks. Their biceps flexed. Their muscly arms were so brawny as were their chests. They groaned, heavy balls twitching as they beat their meats. I lovedy it.

Everywhere I looked, there was a biggie cock that would drench me in all the cummies I could want. I quivered there, so ready for it. The studs stroked their dicks faster and faster. They grunted. Groaned. Then the first one erupted.

Hot cum splashed across my face. I gasped in nummy delight at all the cummies that erupted. They rained down on me. Just splattered my face and soaked me in all the jizzies. I lovedy every second of it as another man erupted. A third. Fourth. 

More than I could count.

Grunts and moans filled the room as they splashed my belly and boobies. Men spurted cummies on my pussy and my thighs. They drenched my face. I opened my mouth as they showered me in all their spunky jizz.

Yes! I squealed in delight as they drenched me. 

They coated me in all the cummies. I was so happy. I smiled as they grunted, dumping the last of their spunky jizz on me. That was just an amazing moment. I felt so goody great. I quivered here, my entire body shuddering from all these naughty delighty pleasure they gave me. So much naughty delighty treats.

Oh, hubby, I lovey being gangybanged! I moaned. I lovey it so much! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Dante Jackson

I was feeling great the next day as Madeline and Charlotte licked at my big, Black cock. I sat in the back seat of Kurt's SUV as he drove us to the Cool Jack production. The gangbang yesterday had been great.

When Janette had returned, she had made me $6250. I couldn't believe it. There were times in my life when that was a good month. I converted that into Bimbo Crystals, netting me 156 plus $10 leftover in credits. I spent 40 buying Charlotte and Madeline their Black Cock Loving Bimbo perks. Those couldn't make 25% extra because neither had a husband.

Still, I had 116. I could easily get a fourth bimbo. A fifth. More White sluts. 

But for now, I just wanted to make the deal with Lamar and start making porn. If I could make $5000 just from the guys coming to gangbang the girls plus the money from selling the videos, I would be making some real money. 

I had plans.

I had fucking plans.

But for now, I just enjoyed Madeline and Charlotte sucking my dick. My two other bimbos were doing a good job. The stewardess and Kurt's sister both licked up my Black cock to the tip, their pink tongues slathering over my crown.

Their lips met in a kiss. They moaned, swapping spit back and forth as they made out. It was such a hot sight. I was so turned on by this. It was such a perfect moment. They broke the kiss, the blonde stewardess and the brunette sister smooching at the sides of my cock.

Charlotte's glasses shifted as she swallowed my cock.

Hey, I wanted to sucky on his biggie dick! Madeline moaned.

Me, too, Janette said, bouncing in the passenger seat. 

You'll get your turn, I groaned as Charlotte bobbed her head. She suckled on my cock with such enthusiasm. Damn, that's good. That's so good. Just suck hard on my cock. But don't forget to share with Madeline. Good bimbo-sluts share.

Charlotte moaned around my cock, her tongue dancing. She slid her mouth up my cock and popped off. I loved the feeling of her doing that. A moment later, Madeline swallowed my dick with greedy hunger.

She took all my cock in her mouth. I smiled at how great that felt. She had such an amazing mouth. She suckled on me with all her passion. She worked her lips up and down me, driving me wild. The pressure built in my balls.

Her lips popped off. Charlotte's slid on.

That's it, I groaned as my White bimbos took turns sucking me off. Mmm, you two sluts are doing great.

I wanna sucky his dick, whimpered Janette. Ooh, I can suckle yours, hubby.

Janette went for it. She loved Black cocks, but she would enjoy any dick. And she did love her husband. That hadn't changed. He just lifted his hand as she started undoing his pants and sucking on her husband's cock.

I didn't mind if Kurt got some. He was a good guy. The app had changed him, too. He and his wife were happy in their new lives. The sounds of wet sucking for the front of the car mixed with the hot sounds of Charlotte's mouth.

She popped off. Madeline took over.

I groaned, savoring this passion. My nuts twitched as the blonde bimbo-stewardess suckled hard on me. She bobbed her head, working her lips down my cock before she slid back up me. The pleasure swept around me. 

Shit, I groaned. Shit, that's good. Just keep sucking. Damn, I love it.

Both of the sluts moaned their agreement. They were driving me wild. I loved what they did to me. It was such a passionate moment. I groaned, my face twisting with the passion of this moment. I enjoyed the hell out of it.

They went back and forth, sucking on me. Nursing on me. I groaned, not even paying attention to where we were driving. Kurt moaned from the front seat while his wife blew him. The GPS was giving instructions.

At the next intersection, turn left onto... the feminine voice said.

Shit, groaned Kurt, slowing the vehicle down.

Just don't get us killed, I groaned as Madeline suckled on my cock like a champ.

She nursed on me with all her might. I loved her mouth sucking on me. I shuddered, savoring that hot delight. It was just a perfect rush to have her mouth working up and down my cock. I slid my hand through her blonde hair and Charlotte's brown.

They switched again. Charlotte gobbled my cock with her hungry mouth. The sexy bitch with her glasses worked her mouth up and down my dick. She suckled with all her passion. It was fantastic. I loved everything that she did to me. 

She was an amazing treat to enjoy. I savored that delight. I loved that hot mouth working up and down my cock. She suckled hard on me. With such force. It was fantastic having her nurse on me like that. 

That's it, I groaned. Shit, that's it. That's just fantastic. I love it. Goddamn, just nurse on me. I love it so much.

Charlotte suckled hard on my cock with all her might. I loved how she did that. It was magnificent. I groaned, savoring every last second of her nursing on me. The pressure in my nuts rose and rose toward the bursting point.

Then they switched again.

Sucky his dick! Charlotte moaned.

Yes, yes, suck my fucking dick, I groaned as Madeline bobbed her head. 

Kurt took another turn, grunting from the front seat while I enjoyed the blonde loving my cock. My nuts tightened as her tongue danced around the crown of my dick. It was a fabulous moment. The pleasure swelled in me.

Then Madeline popped her mouth off my cock and Charlotte took over. The brunette moaned around my dick. I had to cum on their faces. I just wanted to blow all over these sweet sluts' features. It would be so hot.

Fuck, I groaned.

Yes, yes, sucky that dickie, Charlotte! squealed Madeline.

Fuck, I groaned. I want to cum on your faces!

Charlotte ripped her mouth off my cock and squealed. Jizzies!

That's fucking right, I groaned as Madeline pumped her hand up and down my cock. Fucking going to coat your White faces in my seed! Jerk off that cock!

Okey-dokey! Madeline cooed. Ooh, this is the bee's knees! I lovey cummies!

I shuddered, the pressure building and building at the tip of my cock. That pale hand stroked up and down my black cock. I hurtled toward that moment of eruption. The two of them were so eager for it. They were both so ready to be coated in my cum.

Shit! I groaned as the pressure in my nuts hit that bursting point. Fuck!

I erupted.

My cum spurted out of my cock and splashed across the two bimbos' faces. I hosed them down. My jizz splashed on Charlotte's glasses. I erupted over and over again, my cum bathing Madeline's face. They both giggled in delight.

Then they opened their mouths wide and caught spurts of my cum. I loved what I was doing as I hosed them down. The pleasure slammed through me as I pumped more and more of my cum into their mouths.

Shit! I groaned.

Oh, yes, yes, gasped Kurt. Honey!

Janette squealed around her hubby's cock as he came in her mouth. She gulped down the jizz while I erupted again and again. My cum splashed across her sister-in-law's face and the blonde stewardess's features. I coated them in jizz.

Fuck! Kurt groaned and hit the brakes. Just drove past it.

It's cool, I groaned, the pleasure sweeping through me. I felt fantastic right now. Just amazing. The bliss bubbled through my mind. This was a perfect delight to enjoy. I grinned from ear to ear. Fuck, it's cool.

The two bimbos kissed, my cum dripping down their features. Kurt flipped a bitch and turned us around. I glanced out the window. A warehouse passed by us. We were in an industrial park. The warehouses all had different business names on them including Cool Jack Productions.

Kurt turned into the industrial park and headed toward what looked like an office entrance. A cheap sign was over the top. It made sense. Use the warehouse for filming. Build some cheap sets and the like. I don't know.

The car parked and my bimbos all hopped out naked, two of them dripping in cum. They only wore the highest of heels. Stripper heels. They all tried to cling to me. Poor Charlotte lost out to Madeline and Janette. I headed inside with Kurt getting the door.

I strode in to find a guy sitting at a computer. Black, tall. He had gold rings on his fingers and a gold tooth that flashed when he smiled. He rose from the seat after tapping the keyboard. He nodded in appreciation.

My man, that is a power move bringing them in naked and... Shit, did you cum on their faces on the way over here. Lamar grinned from ear to ear. My man.

They just can't resist, I said. This is Janette. That's her cuckold Kurt.

Nice to meetcha! Janette squealed. I love Black dicks. I fuckyed oh, so many of them yesterday. Like... more than five.

Ten, I said.

Yes, yes, ten! She bounced up and down.

The blonde is Madeline, and the brunette in glasses is Charlotte. She's Kurt's little sister.

Damn, took his wife and his sister, Lamar said. He took Charlotte's hand. Mmm, I do love a White bitch wearing glasses and dripping in cum. These women will do. We can film it back here.

Good, good, I said.

But... I got to fuck this one, he said, turning Charlotte around. He smacked her ass. Fucking glasses gets me every time.

Fuck her, I said and thrust out my hand. I'm just glad to be in business!

Lamar took mine. We shook on it. Fucking A, this was perfect.

To be continued...
