Author: mypenname3000
Title: Mommy's Incubus Son Comes of Age Chapter Five: Hot Wives Dream of the Incubus
Summary: Damien claims hot wives in their dreams so he can enjoy them when they're awake.
Keywords: mF inc mc oral anal A2M inter wife cuck cheat exhib voy school

Copywrite 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to ferretfyre for pitching this idea in my Discord.

Mrs. Asuka Takahashi

I dug my trowel into the flower bed, ready to plant some tulip bulbs when the sounds of footsteps drew my attention. I turned my head to spot Damian, the preacher's son who lived next door to me. A good family. Great neighbors. Friendly and caring.

And wasn't he a handsome, young man in his suite and tie he wore to that Christian high school he attended? Yes, yes, very sharp. A wave of warmth washed through me as I watched him loosening that tie. He took it off and shoved it in his slack's pocket as he turned to...

Walk toward me.

A wave of excitement rushed through me as he headed toward me, this relaxed yet hungry grin on his strong lips. Like a wolf approaching his prey confident he would seize what he wanted without any hassle. He had a long stride that carried him across my lawn.

I turned on my knees and found myself pulling off my gloves as the heat pounded through me. My blood rushed through my body. This was so wild. What was he doing? He stopped before me, and I noticed the bulge in his pants.

He was hung. 

He slid his hand through my black hair and gripped a fistful of it. He had such strength as he said, Unzip my pants, pull out my cock, and suck it, Mrs. Takahashi.

I couldn't believe he said that. Just so boldly. Nor that I was reaching for his pants. I wanted to suck his cock. I was married, happily so, and yet I wanted this foreign devil's cock. I wanted to suckle on him. To nurse on him with all my might. The craving just consumed me.

I couldn't help myself as I unzipped him. My pussy burned so hot. Anyone could see us. His parents. My husband. The neighbors. My daughter... was walking down the sidewalk. Nene attended the same school as Damian even though we weren't Christians. It was just a good school. She watched as I opened his fly and pulled down his pants. His boxers. 

His cock sprang out. It was pale and thick. Way bigger than my husband's. I trembled at the tight of its girth and length. I had been missing out on so much dick with my husband. I cupped his cock. Stroked him. He felt so good in my hand. The way he throbbed. The precum dripping from the tip.

I leaned forward and swallowed his cock.

Right here, I just swallowed the young man's dick. I couldn't stop myself. I was possessed. I just had to know how he tasted. He groaned as I nursed on him. My cheeks hollowed as I stared up at him. He had a big dick. A thick one. It was just a delight to suckle on him. He groaned as my tongue stroked around his dick.

He grinned at me, such passion in his eyes. It was a treat to witness that heat. A wave of delight washed through me. I shuddered, sucking on him harder. I nursed on him with all that I had. It was a pure treat to bob my head and work my mouth up and down his cock.

That's it, he groaned, his blue eyes so intense. I stared into them as I suckled on him. You're going to swallow all my seed.

I moaned around his cock, so so aware that my daughter was watching me be a whore for this young man. My tongue danced around his dick. I flicked around his cock, loving how he throbbed in my mouth. He twitched as he groaned. It was a treat to nurse on him like that. 

I bobbed my head. I worked my mouth up and down his dick. I suckled and slurped on him with all that I had. He grinned from ear to ear as I loved him like that. I suckled on him with all that I had. I slurped on him, drool spilling down my chin. He groaned as he enjoyed that delight.

Fuck, he snarled. You're going to be my whore, aren't you, Mrs. Takahashi?

I whimpered around his cock, nodding. My pussy burned for that.

I was out of control. I had never felt like that as I slid my lips up and down his cock. His drool spilled down my chin. So much of that delight ran down it. This was an amazing moment. I suckled and slurped on him. It was a beautiful moment. 

Yes, yes, yes, he groaned. I knew I was close to swallowing all this handsome, young stud's cum.
 
He was my daughter's age. I was as old as his mother. This was so wicked. I was... a MILF. Yes. Yes, that was what I was. I nursed on him with all my might. I suckled and slurped on him. He groaned out his pleasure.

He erupted into my mouth. He pumped all his cum into my mouth. Salty jizz erupted over and over from his amazing cock. I groaned in delight, gulping down that delight. I swallowed all that spunk. I gulped it all down. It was a perfect delight to enjoy. I groaned as I swallowed all that wonderful cum. It was just perfect. I loved it so much. 

He groaned as I swallowed more and more of his cum. I worked down every wonderful drop of his cum. It was a fabulous delight to have all that jizz spilling down my throat. I closed my eyes, shuddering in delight.

It was an absolute rush to gulp down his cum. It was perfect to enjoy it. He groaned as I gulped down every drop. I swallowed it all. I loved how good it was. How salty he tasted. He groaned with each spurt.

Damn, he groaned as he spurted that last bit of his cum. What a slut.

He ripped his cock out of my mouth. I panted, drool spilling down my chin. He waled around me. My daughter had a clear view of me. Nene covered her mouth with her hands as she witnessed what a filthy whore her mother was.

A dirty, naughty, wanton whore.

My cunt blazed as Damian moved behind me. He grabbed my head and shoved my face into the grass. I groaned at how he manhandled me. He was so strong. So powerful. I couldn't believe the ease with which he dominated me.

I submitted to him, breathing in the scent of the grass.

Damian, I moaned as he ripped down my shorts. I gasped, feeling the air wafting through the thick curls of my bush. Had I forgotten to wear my panties? That wasn't like me.

Well, nothing about this was like me. 

He nuzzled his cock through my bush. I gasped as he found the folds of my pussy. He pressed right against my cuntlips. I had no shame. I wanted him in me. He stroked his cock up and down my pussy folds, teasing me.

Please, I moaned before my daughter. Fuck me! Fuck me, Damian!

Yes, Mrs. Takahashi, he said with a faint, mocking tone in his voice. As if I had any choice in this. I didn't. I was his. He had claimed me.

He rammed his cock into my pussy. My cunt devoured his dick. I shuddered as his cock buried to the hilt in me. My pussy clamped down on him. I reveled in that amazing dick filling up my cunt. I squeezed my eyes shut and moaned like a whore.

There was so much cock. So much glorious dick in me. I felt so full. He reached to my cervix. He drew back his cock. My pussy clenched down on him. I trembled at the heat rushing through me as he pulled back. 

I shuddered at the wondrous feel of him sliding back and back until he almost pulled out. Then he rammed back into me. I groaned, my butt-cheeks jiggling from the impact. My round boobs trembled. They felt naked, too.

Damn, Mrs. Takahashi, you are tight, he growled.

Thank you, I whimpered as he pumped away at me. He fucked me with force. He buried that dick into me. It was a treat to have him burying into me like that. I loved it so much. He thrust into me with his passion. It was a beautiful thing to enjoy. Oh, thank you!

He thrust into me with hard strokes. He plowed into me with everything that he had. It was an incredible rush having him burying into me. It was just a delight to have him ramming into my asshole. I shuddered, savoring him fucking me. 

He pumped away at me. He thrust into me with all that he had. It was beautiful having him pounding me with that amazing cock before my daughter. She witnessed it all. My gasps. My moans. His grunts as he fucked my married twat.

Yes, yes, yes, Damian, I gasped. You're so big! I love you in my cunt! I'm your slut!

Mine! he growled in agreement.

I shivered. It was so wonderful hearing him snarl that as he fucked me. He buried into me with all the force that he had. It was just a fabulous treat. I loved him fucking me like that. It was perfect having him burying into me.

He grunted and groaned. I loved the sounds he made as he fucked me. It was a beautiful thing having that big dick burying into me. I trembled, squeezing my snatch down on him as my orgasm swelled in me.

I hurtled closer and closer to climaxing. I rushed toward that amazing bliss. It was just a perfect treat. He grunted as he fucked into me. He pounded me with all that he had. I couldn't take much more of this.

I'm going to cum! I whimpered. I'm such a shameful whore who's going to cum before her daughter's eyes on your dick!

Yes, you are, he growled and buried into me. He squeezed my round breasts, his hands so strong. Don't hold back, slut.

No, no, no, I moaned, rubbing my face into the ground. I gripped his cock with my tight pussy. Oh, that's it! Yes!

My pussy convulsed around his dick. Delicious waves of rapture swept out of my cheating cunt. My unfaithful twat spasmed around his dick as he pumped away at me. His heavy nuts slapped into my bush as he squeezed my tits.

Fuck! he snarled and erupted into my pussy.

He spurted over and over into my cunt. He filled my twat up with his jizz. I gasped at the heat of his spunk splashing against my cervix. I looked up, Nene watching on as a man that wasn't her father pumped all his jizz into me.

I'm such a shameful whore! I moaned as I gloried in his cum pumping into me again and again. He fired so much into me. He filled me up with all his seed. Yes!

I shuddered, my twat writhing around his dick. I quivered there, loving every second of his spunk firing into me. He pumped more and more of his spunk into my snatch. My pussy worked it all out of him while my daughter watched on.

He spurted a final blast into my pussy. I gloried in that heat soaking my mind until...

I snapped awake. I panted, gasping in bed beside my husband, my pajamas clinging to my sweaty breasts. I shuddered and fell back onto the pillow. My husband, Ichiro, snored beside me. I stared up at the ceiling, breathing heavily.

I wanted him. I wanted him so badly. It had just been a sex dream, but an intense one. I burned for Damian. It wasn't the first time I had noticed how handsome he was, but now... Now I felt compelled to do something about this itch.

If his cock was that big... 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Damian Carlyle

As I slipped away from Mrs. Takahashi, I realized I was dreaming. I floated in a dark space and understood this was how my power worked. I was an incubus. I had to visit women in their dreams to start the process of claiming them.

I felt another dream nearby. Nene's. The daughter. 

A hunger rose in me that had been partly nourished by invading women's dreams. It was a need in me that could only be fulfilled by fucking them in their dreams. By being so strong and masculine. I would drive them wild.

I slipped into Nene's dream and was in a bathroom. The hot water ran. Steam poured out around the glass door. I could see her through it, a silhouette. I smiled at the sight of her in there, my dick so hard for the cute, Japanese girl.

I slid the door open. She gasped and jumped, soap on her body in such delicious places. The suds covered her small breasts and spilled down her stomach to her thick, black bush that covered the folds of her pussy. She trembled there.

I grinned at her as I stepped in and closed the door. I understood how this worked now. The rules were so deliciously wicked. I just had to make love to them, and they would crave me in the waking world. Mom and Mrs. Mitchel thought they had a plan to control me. That they could keep me from finding other women.

They were so wrong.

Wash me, I said.

Damian, she whispered, her eyes so wide. 

I smiled at her. Wash me with that delicious body.

She quivered and pressed her body against me. I loved the way she rubbed on me, her nipples hard against my chest. She hugged me, humping against me. She wasn't washing me at all. I loved it, my cock trapped against her sudsy stomach. 

She trembled as she stared up at me. I winked at her as she felt so good against me. She wiggled her hips and rubbed her small boobies against me. It was delicious. The water matted her raven-black hair. It was so glossy.

Use your butt, I said, my dick so hard. I wanted to ass-fuck her.

She nodded, her lusts burning so hot for me. I fed on that. On her feminine desire, the power of her lusty imagination. She turned around and pressed her rump against my dick. I loved the way her butt-cheeks swallowed my cock. She humped up and down me, massaging my shaft. I ached for her.

I slid my hands around her body. She moaned as I cupped her breasts. I rubbed her small mounds as I shifted my hips. I slid my cock down the groove of her ass and nuzzled into her asshole. Right against her puckered opening.

I drilled against her.

She gasped as I did that. She moaned as her anal ring stretched and stretched for me. She groaned as my dick penetrated into her asshole. She trembled, her anal sheath devouring me. I loved how she felt. It was just delicious. 

I trembled as I sank into her. I filled up her asshole. She squeezed her asshole down around my cock as she whimpered her delight. It was wondrous being in her bowels. I hugged her to me, reveling I this treat.

I... I... she whimpered as my hands pinched her nipples. Damian.

Mmm, just enjoy, Nene, I groaned. I had fucked her mother, and now her.

I drew back my cock. Her anal sheath squeezed down on my dick. She held me tight with that wondrous hole. I buried back into her anal sheath. She gasped as I plowed to the hilt in her. It was wondrous to be in her cunt. I loved how tight she was. She quivered as she wiggled her hips. She stirred her bowels around my cock.

I pumped away at her. I fucked her bowels with force. I buried into her anal sheath with hard strokes. Bold ones. My nuts swung as I pounded her, the pressure growing in them. It was a delight to have her asshole around me.

I thrust into her over and over again. I plowed to the hilt in her over and over again. She moaned, clamping her twat down around me. She held me tight. It was glorious to fuck her again and again. I reveled in it.

Oh, yes, yes, she whimpered. I... I... This...

I know, I groaned and pinched her nipples. You're my little whore, Nene.

Your whore, she repeated, her voice thick. 

She braced her hands on the shower wall before her, lowering her head into the spray. I slid my hands up her sides as I thrust harder into her asshole now. I pounded her as she moaned. The water splashed on my stomach now, the warmth running down me.

It was a treat to fuck her like this. To bury into her anal sheath and fuck her hard. I pounded her with all my might. She squeezed her bowels down around me, moaning like a silky siren. Slipping into women's dreams was such a treat.

My crotch smacked into her wet ass. The sound echoed through the bathroom as I sodomized her. I buggered her hard and fast. Plowed into her with all that I had. She wiggled her hips, stirring her cunt around my dick.

Oh, yes, yes, she moaned, her bowels clamping down on me. That's... Oh, Damian! What are you doing to me?

Making you into my slut! I growled, slamming deep and hard into her bowels. I rammed into her with all that I had. 

Your slut! she gasped, her asshole clamping down on me. That's so naughty. I can't believe I'm doing something this naughty. Yes!

Her asshole went wild around my cock. I groaned as I buried into her spasming hole. I fed on the energy spilling out of her. The heat of her bowels washed around me. She suckled at me with all that wonderful heat. 

I buried into her asshole, her flesh writhing around my anal sheath. The pressure at the tip of my cock hit the bursting point. I gasped and erupted into her bowels. The pleasure slammed through me, crashing into my mind.

Oh, oh, oh! she gasped. 

Her moans echoed through the bathroom. The heat swept through me with each blast. I filled her asshole up. The pleasure rushed through me. Her asshole suckled at me. I groaned, dumping more and more of my spunk into her bowels.

Shit! I groaned as I filled her asshole up with all my cum. I loved pumping my jizz into her.

She whimpered as her asshole worked out the last of my spunk. I erupted into her anal sheath one last time. I gripped her wet hips, the water splashing on us. I groaned, savoring this delight. She was my slut, too. Just like her mother.

Prove you're mine by falling to your knees before me and suck my dick clean of your ass, I growled. After all, you're supposed to be washing me.

She gasped in the cutest way. She slid her asshole off me and turned around, her cheeks so bright. It was such a delight to witness her looking like that. She sank to her knees before me and grabbed my dick. She stared at it then up at me, her slanted eyes so delicious. The water splashed on the back of her head and ran down her.

You're mine, I said.

Yours, she whimpered. I'm so... So... This is so embarrassing!

She engulfed my cock. Her lips slid over my dick. I groaned as she did that. It was incredible feeling her mouth sliding over my crown. Her lips sealed around my shaft. I groaned at the wet heat soaking my pole.

She stared up at me, looking so shocked. Water soaked her hair. Steam rose around us as she suckled on me. She nursed with passion on my dick. She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my cock. I groaned as she did that. 

That's it, I growled, sliding my fingers through her hair. Polish my pole. Suck your dirty ass off my dick, Nene.

She suckled on me, her cheeks hollowing. It was such a rush having her nurse on me. Her tongue swirled around my pole as she bobbed her head. She worked hard to suckle me clean. I loved every second of what she did to me.

I gripped a fistful of her wet hair as she polished my pole. She suckled hard, my nuts twitching as she did. She moaned around my cock, her eyes squeezing shut as she reveled in what she did to me. It was a beautiful moment.

Damn, I groaned. Damn, just like that. That's so good. You're going to make me cum so hard, aren't you?

She nodded, whimpering as she stared up at me. She suckled and slobbered on me. I loved how she did that. She nursed on me with all the force she had. It was just an amazing rush. I loved every second of this delight.

Fuck, fuck, fuck, I growled as the pressure grew.

She suckled and slurped on me, the sounds mixing with the hiss of the shower. She danced her tongue around my cock as she polished me clean of her ass. She was such a slut for me. Like Mom and Mrs. Mitchel and Alyta. 

I grinned. They could not control me. They could not keep me from enjoying all the women I wanted. Mom wanted me all to herself, but she couldn't stop me from making other women into my whores. I would always come back to her, though.

She was my mother.

The idea of watching my mother eating out Mrs. Takahashi or devouring my cum from Nene's pussy filled my mind. Mom was such a slut. A whore. My whore. Just like this cute thing nursing  hard on my dick.

Fuck! I growled as the pressure in my nuts exploded.

My cum fired into her mouth. I spurted over and over into her mouth. The pleasure swept through me. It was incredible. The heat melted my mind. I loved it so much. I enjoyed that heat washing through me. Stars flashed across my vision.

I spurted again and again into her mouth, grunting my pleasure as she gulped down my jizz. She swallowed every drop of it. The pleasure rushed through me. It was a beautiful thing having her swallow my cum.

Nene! 

She moaned and suckled on my spurting cock. God, this was a wondrous delight. I was so happy to have her swallowing my cum. She gulped down every last drop of my jizz. The heat washed through me, soaking my mind as I spurted the last of my cum into her mouth.

I slipped from Nene's dream and back into the darkness. I could return to my body, but there were other women out there that I needed to fuck. One rose in my mind. Mrs. Greene, my English teacher at my Christian school and a faithful wife who attended my church.

Perfect. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mrs. Samantha Greene

And that leads us to the Genitive Case, I said as stood before my class of high school students. It's one you use all the time without even realizing it has a special name that... Yes, Damian? 

The preacher's handsome son stood. He wore a tie like the other boys. There was no school uniform at Rainier Christian Prep, but there was a dress code. The girls in conservative skirts and blouses, the boys in dress shirts and ties. No jeans. 

He grinned at me as he moved up before me and sank to my knees. I swallowed as he started sliding up my skirt. I glanced at the class. Twenty young men and women all watching with interest as Damian slid my skirt up higher and higher.

My cheeks burned. What was he doing? Here? In front of all of them? What was he thinking?

I should stop him, but he slid my skirt higher and higher. Why wasn't I stopping him? I shuddered at the strength of his hands rubbing on my dark thighs. The White boy was so handsome, his blue eyes so bright. I shuddered as he grinned at me.

The skirt rode higher, his pale hands stroking my ebony thighs. I shuddered, everyone watching. My pussy was on fire. I glanced at my wedding ring. Why was I letting him do this? I knew he was handsome. So strong and virile. He wore this hungry grin on his lips. 

I shuddered and knew that he wanted me. That he owned me. I couldn't say no to him. I didn't want to say no. I wanted him to eat my pussy out in front of all my students. I glanced out at them as he lifted my skirt up and around my waist.

I didn't have any panties on. How could I have forgotten those?

Mmm, he growled and buried his face into my pussy.

I gasped as his lips nuzzled through my bush to find my pussy lips. He licked at me with hunger. He stroked his tongue through my folds and brushed my clit. I gasped at that heat. I whimpered as he licked me again. And again. He lapped at me.

I moaned, my students all watching me shuddering on his mouth. They witnessed me being such a whore. It was so wrong. I was married. Old enough to be his mother. I was in charge of this classroom, and yet he had his tongue wiggling around in my pussy.

Damian, I moaned like a whore. 

He growled into my pussy and swirled his tongue around in me. It was just a delight to have him doing that. He teased me with that hot tongue. He flicked about in me. I groaned, my face twisting in delight. I moaned as I ground on him. 

I rubbed my cuntlips into his mouth, my body out of control. My hands slid up my blouse and squeezed my breasts. This delicious White boy just feasted on me with hunger. It was glorious having him devouring me.

I threw back my head as he thrust his tongue into my pussy. He flicked around in me. He stroked my inner flesh. His tongue wiggled so deep in me as his hands reached around and grabbed my ass. He gripped my rump as he stroked his tongue to my clit.

Damian! I gasped before the entire class. Oh, my gosh, Damian!

He danced his tongue around my clit. He stroked my bud with such bold confidence. He knew I was putty in his hand. That I was just a naughty whore for him. I might be married, but Damian had dominated me with such ease.

I hadn't put up a fight. I quivered as he suckled on my bud. Pleasure washed through my body. My pussy clenched and relaxed as he nibbled on me. He did such wicked, wicked things to me. I rose toward my orgasm.

I swept my gaze across the classroom. The students all watched, the boys licking their lips. The girls fanning their faces. I could see envy in all their eyes. The girls wanted to be me gasping on Damian's mouth, while the boys wanted to do the feasting.

Oh, yes, yes, Damian, I moaned. I'm going to cum.

Yes, you are, Mrs. Greene, he said with such confidence, his fingers digging into my rump. He pressed me tight against his face, my bush rubbing on his features. Yes, you are.

He suckled.

I gasped.

My head tossed as the sparks from my clit sizzled through my pussy. I was close to burning hot. I shuddered as he flicked his tongue around my bud. He nibbled with his strong lips. I came closer and closer to blazing.

My cunt clenched as he suckled hard. He loved my bud. He knew how to make a woman purr. Before my entire class, I would cum like a whore. I shuddered as those twenty sets of eyes stared at me with such heat in them.

I'm going to cum! I gasped, the White boy sucking on my dick. Oh, yes, yes, I'm going to burst!

The sparks sizzling through my snatch set my orgasm ablaze.

I burned so hot. The flames consumed my body and blazed across my mind. I bucked, grinding my furred muff on his face. My pussy juices gushed out and bathed his face. I loved the way they soaked his taste buds.

It was an incredible rush to drown him in my cream. He licked at me as I trembled through such an intense orgasm. Had I ever cum so hard in my entire life? My head tossed as my wanton moans echoed through the classroom.

My students witnessed my whorish passion.

Damian! I gasped. I wanted more from him. I wanted him in me. I wanted the White boy to fuck me. I... I... Take me!

He ripped his mouth from my pussy and rose. He pushed me back so I sat bare-assed on my desk. My legs spread wide as he grinned at me. He undid his belt, my pussy cream dripping from his pale chin. He shoved off his pants and boxers, reveling his cock without any shame.

He was hung.

My eyes widened as his pale dick thrust out before me. I didn't think White men could compare to my husband, but Damian... I shuddered at the size of his cock as he moved up between my thighs. My ebony legs wrapped around his waist and pulled him toward my hungry cunt.

Fuck me, I moaned as I leaned back on my elbows. Just pound me!

Because I own you? he asked, nuzzling his cock into my black bush to find my wet folds.

Yes, yes, yes, I squealed, delirious with the need to have him fuck me. I had to have that big dick pounding my cunt. I needed that huge cock sliding into me. That would just be perfect. I wanted it so much. I'm yours! Fuck me!

He grinned as he thrust into my married depths. My eyes widened as he stretched me open with that huge cock. I groaned, my back arching. My head lolled. I loved how thick he was. How much he stretched me open. It was just beautiful.

My cunt clamped down on him. I savored that big dick stretching me out. I loved how much he filled me up. It was a perfect delight having all that cock in me. I tossed my head, loving how he filled me to the brim.

Mrs. Greene, he groaned as he pumped away at me.

Oh, Damian, I moaned like a whore before my students. Fuck me! Pound me! I love your cock! Oh, you're such a sexy White boy!

Mmm, and you're just a hot-ass, ebony MILF, he growled, his hands sliding up my torso to grab my naked breasts. When had he taken my bra and blouse off?

I didn't care. His pale hands massaged my big boobs as he pumped away at my cunt. He fucked into my snatch with such hard force. My pussy clamped down on him, drinking in the friction. The pleasure washed through me.

I shuddered, my thighs squeezing about his waist as he fucked me hard and fast. He churned me up with that hot snatch. It was wonderful having him pounding me. I whimpered, my pussy melting around his cock.

He pumped away hard and fast as I moaned like a whore. A married slut reveling in his young dick. I was twice his age. I shouldn't be doing this, but he felt so great in me. Amazing. Stupendous. This was rapture.

Oh, Lord, I'm such a slutty whore! I gasped out.

Yes, you are, Damian growled, his blue eyes so intense.

He plunged into my cunt again and again. He fucked into my pussy with all that he had. I squeezed my cunt down on him. I held him tight as he churned me up. His balls slapped into my taint, heavy with his cum.

I wanted his seed pumping into me. I didn't care about the consequences. Those would just make it hotter. I clamped my snatch down on him as he buried deep and hard into me. He plowed to the hilt in me. It was fantastic.

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped, my snatch massaging him. Please, please, make me cum! Then spill all your seed in me!

Mrs. Greene, Damian groaned as he fucked me. What would your students think if they knew you were my whore!

That I was the luckiest teacher at Rainier Christian! I howled my pussy about to spasm around his cock.

I held him tight as he plunged into me again and again. I loved how he buried into me. How he thrust into my snatch with such forced. He buried into me with all that he had. It was just an amazing moment. 

I loved this so much. I savored him burying into me. He filled me up to the brim with that wonderful cock. He buried into me with all that he had. It was just so perfect. I loved how he did that to me. It was amazing.

Oh, Lord, I gasped as he thrust to the hilt in me. He broke the dam in me.

A flood of rapture swept through me.

I bucked and gasped, my pussy convulsing around his dick. My cunt writhed around his cock as I gasped out in delight. I loved sucking at his cock like this. I savored enjoying his rod pumping away at my spasming snatch.

Cum in me, Damian! I screamed as I fell back on my desk, bucking.

His hands squeezed my big, soft breasts as he thrust into me with that amazing cock. The White boy made me cum so hard, my twat suckling at him. He growled his pleasure as he buried his dick to the hilt in me.

Mrs. Greene! he snarled and erupted.

His wonderful cum pumped into my snatch. The pleasure washed through me. It was an incredible delight having all that bliss sweeping through my body. I groaned, savoring every wonderful moment of it. My pussy rippled around him, suckling at him.

It was just glorious. I groaned as more and more of his cum pumped into my pussy. He filled me up with all that delight. It was amazing having him flooding me like that. I loved every second of him doing this to me.

Oh, yes, yes, give me every drop! I gasped as my cunt spasmed around his dick. I suckled at him with all that I had. Yes!

He groaned and spurted into my pussy. He filled up my cunt with all that wonderful cum. I shuddered there, the delicious, White boyno, he was a mangrinning down at me. He had such powerful eyes.

I can't wait for the next lesson, Mrs. Greene, he said and pulled out of me.

I can't

I gasped awake in bed next to my husband, my nightgown clinging to me. I panted, my entire body trembling. I shuddered at the power of the sex dream. The preacher's son? My student? Why would I have a dream about him?

I rolled out of bed, shaking from the intensity of it. He had ravished me. Literally ravished me. He had made me explode with his big dick. I shuddered at the implications as I filled my electric kettle. I nodded some chamomile tea.

I would be teaching him in a few short hours.

That hunk. That stud. I groaned as I thought about him fucking me again. I was utterly lost to this depraved lust for him. It gripped me. I had never wanted something more in my life than to have him feasting on me.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Anna Carlyle

My son and I piled into the back of Debbie Mitchel's SUV. We had spent the night at the Mitchels in a wicked foursome with Debbie and her daughter Alyta while Ed Mitchel had to sleep on the couch. Damian had turned him into a cuckold like he had his own step-father.

Just like Damian's real father had done to my husband that night, I stopped being a faithful and loving wife and became a whore-in-waiting for my son to awaken to his incubus nature. Now I had to keep him from corrupting more women.

I had failed to stop him from claiming Mrs. Mitchel and Alyta, but this was for the best. Alyta was the perfect wife for him. A slut already claimed by him. Her mother and I would be there to help contain his lusts with our bodies. 

We just had to be vigilant.

And we had to make sure that we kept him satiated.

This was why I was unzipping his slacks as he set in the bucket seat, a smug grin on his face. His blue eyes were almost taunting me. It was like he was saying I couldn't keep him from straying. Well, I would show him.

The three of us working together could accomplish miracles.

I pulled out his dick and stroked him. I worked up and down his cock, loving his girth. He throbbed in my hand as a wave of incestuous lust washed through me. I had given birth to him, and now I would sink my pussy down his cock and take him to the hilt in me

I was such a wicked, wicked mother.

I plunged down him. He groaned with his pleasure as he returned to me. I gloried in having my son in me. My strong incubus. I pressed my face into his neck and moaned like the whore I was for his cock. My pussy clenched around him.

I was such a naughty preacher's wife. I should be an example for the women of my church, and yet here I was riding my son's cock on his way to school so I could give him one last orgasm before he was off to learn. 

So I could have all that cum simmering in me. 

I shuddered as I worked my pussy up and down his dick. I squeezed my cunt down around him, loving how great this was. It was a delight to have so much of his cock in me. I groaned and wiggled my hips to stir his cock around in my cunt.

Fuck, Mom, he groaned, his hands gripping my rump. Oh, fuck, that's good. That's really, really good!

Mmm, you like that? I cooed, working my cunt up and down his big dick. Yeah, you do. You love having Mommy's hot cunt working up and down your big dick!
Yes, I do. 
I shuddered, squeezing my snatch around him as Debbie drove us. I knew she and Alyta were so jealous right now, but I was his mother. I had the first dibs on his cock. It was only fair. Only right. That was how the world was supposed to work.

I squeezed my cunt down around his dick, gripping him as I worked up and down him. I loved how he gripped me. How he groaned as I rode him. He growled his delight as his fingers gripped my rump. He held my ass tight.

Fuck, Mom! he moaned.

I know, I whimpered. I know, honey, just dump all your cum into me! You know you want to! You want to fill your mother up!

God, yes, he growled.

I rode him as fast as I could.

I worked my pussy up and down his cock as the town flashed by through the SUV's tinted windows. No one could tell that I was a wicked mother riding my son's big dick. I shuddered, squeezing down on him.

He groaned, kneading my bare ass. He gripped me as I worked up and down him. I plunged down his dick, my pussy melting around his cock. He had such a spectacular dick. It was amazing to ride. I was in heaven here.

Just savoring every last moment of working up and down his dick. I wanted him spurting into me. Just have all that cum basting my pussy. My cunt gripped him. I held him tight in my snatch as he groaned out in delight.

Yes, yes, yes, I whimpered, riding him with force. Oh, Damian, that's so good. That's just amazing! I love it!

Good, he growled. Damn, keep riding me.

I couldn't stop. Not until he came in me. I needed all his cum in me. I wanted all that jizz spurting into me. I craved it. Hungered for it. I plunged my pussy down his cock and ground my clit against his pubic bone.

I shuddered at the pleasure sparking for my bud. I would climax so hard on him. I craved that moment. I rose toward it as I rode him hard and fast. I loved how he gripped me. It was just a beautiful moment to have his thick dick in me.

I whimpered as I hurtled closer and closer to cumming.

I took my son to the root in my pussy again and again.

I loved him the way no mother should love their son and gloried in that taboo violation of nature. I shuddered as I slid up his mighty cock, his fingers squeezing my rump. He groaned as I gave him such pleasure.

Cum in me, I moaned again and again. Please, please, cum in me.

Damn, Mom! he groaned as I plunged down him.

I hurtled closer and closer to that magical moment. I gripped his cock with my pussy. I rode him fast and hard. He kneaded my rump as the pleasure built and built in me. I hurtled for that amazing moment. I was so close to bursting.

I plunged down his cock and gasped out, Damian!

Mom! he groaned as my pussy went wild around his dick. My hot cunt suckled at my son's dick. I nursed at him with all that I had. Fuck, fuck, fuck, Mom!

My pussy writhed around him. I nursed at my son's cock as my passion echoed through the car. I shuddered as he groaned. He couldn't hold out long against my motherly delight suckling at his big, hard dick. He gripped my ass.

Fuck, Mom! he groaned and erupted.

My incubus pumped his jizz into my pussy. I reveled in all that cum flooding my snatch. It was just a wild moment. I loved it. I savored that heat surging through me. It was just a delight to have all that cum basting my womb.

Just soaking my cervix. 

I shuddered as his dick erupted into me again and again. He filled me up with all his spunk. I pressed my body against his and panted. I loved how amazing this felt. I shuddered against him, glorying in more of his spunk flooding my pussy.

My pussy milked his cock dry. I worked out every last drop he had with my greedy cunt. My motherly twat spasmed a few more times around him as he panted. I trembled through the last dredges of my sinful rapture. 

It was an incredible moment. A dizzying rush ran through me. Oh, Damian, you have a great day at school.

I know I will, he said as I regretfully climbed off him. We were here. 

I sank to the floor, his cum leaking out of me, and zipped up his wet dick. I shuddered, his cum spilling down my thigh. It was just a hot treat to feel. I loved it so much. I quivered in delight, my heart pounding in my chest.

I felt so damned good. 

I rose and kissed him on the mouth as the SUV pulled up to the school. He groaned and broke it. I have to get to class.

Study hard, I said and slumped into the other seat, my legs spread wide. I wore a borrowed nightgown. I wasn't fit to go out. I was short, too, my legs bare.

Debbie glanced back at me and licked her lips. Damian leaned over to kiss her. Then he climbed out as Alyta hopped out. She moved up to him and took his hand the way a chaste girlfriend should. I smiled at that as Debbie drove off.

She didn't get far before pulling over and looking back at me. She licked her lips. I knew what she wanted. Well, we were both Damian's whores. I spread my legs wider.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Damian Carlyle

I held Alyta's hand. At the Christian school, it was the equivalent of her snuggled up to me. We headed inside, Alyta wearing a bright smile as she marked me as hers. Well, she was cute. I wouldn't mind dating her. It made spending time with her mother easier.

Hey Damian, Nene said. The Japanese girl rushed up to me. You didn't walk to school today.

Got a ride, I said as Alyta pressed against me and glared at Nene. 

I grinned at the Japanese girl quivering there. She was ripe and ready for me now. I loved what my powers could do to women. Alyta tugged on me, drawing me away from Nene as the girl quivered there, wanting to say something.

To do something.

We have to get to Mrs. Greene's class, Alyta said.

Right, right, I said. I've been looking forward to that next lesson. Today was going to be such a fun day. 

To be continued...
