Author: mypenname3000
Title: Mind-Controlled Blowjob Bliss Chapter Two: Blown by the Married MILF
Subtitle: A Belt Buckle Mind-Control Story
Summary: After his mother and sister becoming hypnotized to suck his cock, the young man tests it out on his hot wife neighbor!
Keywords: mFFf mF Ff mf inc oral anal rim exhib voy MILF wife cheat cuck

Copywrite 2020

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to WRC264 for beta reading this!

My mom, older sister, and little sister all ducked their heads down and licked my cock. All three of them were mad to suck my dick, willing to do anything for that privilege. I had fucked them all just now. Popped my fourteen-year-old sister Lisa's cherry, then pumped away at Mom's snatch and flooded her cunt, and then just pounded my eighteen-year-old sister Shelly in the ass.

My new belt buckle somehow turned the women of my family into cock-sucking whores. They were obsessed with my dick, not caring that I was fresh from Shelly's asshole. The three were licking and lapping at my cock as they knelt around me on Mom's bed.

Fuck, I groaned, their tongues sliding up my cock to the tip. They fluttered around it.

I didn't know how putting on a belt buckle with the word SUCK on it caused them to have an overwhelming desire to commit incest by blowing me. I didn't care any longer. Nor why I could just cum and cum and cum. 

I just enjoyed it.

Not only could I get them to fuck me, but I could also get them to fuck each other. It was incredible. If I said they had to do something to suck my cock again, they would do it happily.

I put my hands on my little sister's ass and my big sister's rump. I squeezed their different butts. Shelly was plumper, but Lisa had a firm tush that was exciting to grope. I slid my hands over their rears as their tongues licked up the sides of my dick.

Mom was between my legs, her tongue fluttering up to my crown. She danced around it. Then my sisters joined her. All three of the women in my family licked the tip of my cock. I groaned at how amazing that felt.

Shit, I groaned, squeezing my sisters' asscheeks. Oh, shit, that's great. You three are going to get all that cum you love.

Yay! squealed Lisa.

Mmm, yum, Shelly groaned, her tongue stud adding a hard point of delight that separated her from the other two.

I do love your cum, honey, Mom groaned. She had been the first to blow me. It had been so hot to have her fall to her knees before me and love my dick. Just such a treat.

Yep, I groaned, my dick throbbing as their tongues all bathed the crown of my cock.

They were licking and kissing and nibbling that spongy tip, their hands grabbing my shaft. I was long enough for all three of them to hold my cock. Their faces were pressed together, their lips kissing and smooching my dick.

Each other.

My balls tightened as I enjoyed this. I just lay their and grinned. Three girlsall related to meblowing my dick. None of my friends could say they'd experienced that. None of the guys at my high school, either.

This was the life. Just letting them all suck and nibble and lick my cock. It was incredible. My dick throbbed in their grip. My balls tightened as they all moaned. Their tongues danced, Shelly's stud rubbing over my crown.

Just cum on our faces, groaned Shelly. Yes, yes, fire all that spunk.

My hand squeezed her plump butt-cheek. Getting there.

I want your cum to splash on my face, Lisa groaned. That sounds so naughty.

I kneaded her firm asscheek.

Mmm, if we do naughty things, you'll let us blow you all the time, Mom groaned.

Uh-huh, I groaned. Damn, just like that. Keep licking and sucking. Fuck!

The pressure in my balls swelled beneath my sisters' and mother's depraved licking. The forbidden nature of an incestuous blowjob had me groaning. My cock twitched in their hands as the pressure built and built at the tip.

Their tongues only swelled that delight. They brought me closer and closer to that moment of eruption. To that wonderful explosion of bliss that would fire so much cum out of my dick. It would be an amazing climax. I was so looking forward to it. Just spurting all that jizz. I groaned, my dick twitching and throbbing.

Fuck, yes! I moaned. Oh, that's good. That's amazing. You're going to make me explode.

Good, Mom groaned.

Cum, big brother! Lisa squealed.

Just shower us with jizz, panted Shelly. Her tongue stud flicked over my crown.

My cock twitched. That was it. I groaned and erupted. My cum fired from my dick. I shuddered on the bed. It creaked beneath me. Jizz fired out and splashed over my sister's face. It was intense. Amazing. I groaned at the intensity of jizz that flooded out of my cock. It was amazing to experience. A wild delight.

Yes, yes, yes! I groaned, stars dancing before my eyes. My back arched. I shuddered, the pleasure blazing through my body. Oh, damn!

It was amazing to enjoy. Stars burned across my vision. I loved every second of it. My mind drank it in. I sizzled with delight. It was such a thrill to enjoy. My cock pumped over and over again. The pleasure shuddered out of me.

I heard the liquid splashing on their faces. They moaned as I coated their features in my jizz. I couldn't see it, but they were squealing and moaning and purring in delight. The rapture bathed my mind. I groaned at the intensity of my cum.

Big brother!

Oh, my son's yummy cum.

Mmm, doing good, Neil.

I shuddered as the last of my cum flowed out as I groaned, Lick each other clean.

Yes! Lisa moaned.

I panted as I sat up on my elbows and watched them doing just that. Lisa's light-brown pigtails swayed as she licked cum off Shelly's cheek, her dyed-blue brushing Lisa's temple. My big sis lapped spunk off Mom's nose, her black hair streaked in cum. Mom sucked cum off of Lisa's forehead.

God, that was hot. I had such power over them. Made me wonder about other chicks. Was it just the women of my family that were eager to suck my dick?

I'd have to find out later. It was so hot watching the ladies of my family lick each other clean. I was the luckiest sixteen-year-old guy on the planet. I grinned as I watched them not just lick up cum but swap it back and forth as they kissed each other.

Oh, yes, you three are going to get to suck my cock again, I groaned.

They all moaned in delight. My belt buckle was amazing. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Things calmed down after a few hours, but I still gave one of them a blowjob every hour. None of us went to school, obviously, and Mom had to take a personal day. Eventually, it was getting on to dinner and Mom started cooking. 

As she did that, I learned that I could play a video game while getting my cock sucked. Shelly made playing Call of Duty a challenge, but I didn't mind that my ranking suffered a bit. None of the guys I was playing against had their big sister sucking their dick.

Neil, honey, Mom called, can you go across the street and see if Mrs. Daniels has any brown sugar.

Sure, Mom, I said as Shelly slid her mouth off my cock. She popped off, her round tits jiggling.

Thanks for the snack, she said, smiling. She no longer called me slug and made fun of me for masturbating all the time. Now she loved my cum.

I got dressed for the first time that day, making sure I had my belt buckle on. My cock was hardI hadn't gone soft at all todayand bulged the front of my jeans. I stepped outside, the sunlight bright. The trees rustled and the air smelled fresh. As I headed to the Daniels' house across the street, I wondered if this would work.

Mr. Daniels was mowing their large lawn. As I crossed the street, he glanced at me and nodded. I grinned back at him and headed to the front door. It was located on the right corner of the house and at an angle. It was a strange design. You couldn't see much of the yard from here and Mr. Daniels vanished from sight. I knocked.

My stomach started to twist in nervous roils. Now, this was the test. Was it just the women of my family, or would any of them do it? My cock throbbed and ached. I wanted more blowjobs. They were just amazing.

The door opened and Mrs. Daniels appeared. A brunette woman with a nice pair of tits. Her son had gone off to college this year. A big smile flicked across her plump lips, her green eyes sparkling. She wore a t-shirt and a pair of jeans, her hands wet like she had just washed them.

Hey, Neil, she said and sank to her knees. I'm so glad you're here. I really need to suck that dick.

Fuck, I groaned. This belt buckle was amazing. She attacked it, opening it. Right here?

I need it, she moaned, licking her lips. My mouth just started watering for your cum. I bet it's yummy.

Yeah, I groaned as she popped my fastener. I heard the lawnmower. Your husband?

Doesn't have cum as yummy as yours, she breathed as my zipper rasped down.

He might catch us, I groaned.

She blinked, confused. There's nothing wrong with sucking your cock.

I smiled. That's right. Nothing wrong.

The lawnmower sound grew louder and louder as she pulled my cock out of the fly of my boxers. My jeans hung on my hips as she gripped my hard cock. She groaned and then kissed the tip with her plump lips.

The MILF smooched around it as I moaned. My body shuddered from the pleasure. A new mouth was on my dick. She was different from my sisters' and mother's. I knew their lips by now. My cock throbbed in Mrs. Daniel's hand. The lawnmower roared behind us. My jeans fell down my legs. 

There would be no lying about what we were doing if Mr. Daniels saw us. 

Her tongue licked around my cock, caressing the tip. Then she slid over the slit, gathering the precum. She moaned, the sound almost drowned out by the lawnmower. The sound dwindled now, Mr. Daniels heading away.

So good, the MILF groaned, her green eyes staring up at me. Mmm, thank you for this, Neil.

You're welcome, I groaned and then gasped as she slid her lips over my cock. 

My dick throbbed and ached as she sucked on me. She nursed with hunger on me. Her tongue swirled around my dick with hunger. It was amazing to enjoy. I groaned, my cock throbbing and aching with such hunger. This was wonderful. Just the perfect delight. I drew in deep breaths, a smile crossing over my lips as the MILF swirled her tongue around my crown.

Her mouth slid up and down my cock. She sucked on me. Her cheeks hollowed. She moaned her delight, the humming sound bathing over my cock. It was an absolute treat to enjoy. My heart pounded in my chest as she loved my cock. It was an amazing treat.

Damn, Mrs. Daniels, I panted. Oh, damn, that's amazing. You're amazing. Look at you, a cock-sucking whore for my dick. Right?

She nodded, sucking on my cock.

You'd let me do anything to you to suck my dick, wouldn't you? I growled.

She slid her mouth off with a wet plop. Of course, Neil. Your dick is so wonderful to suck. It's an honor.

She engulfed my cock again, her husband coming closer and closer with the lawnmower. My toes curled in my shoes. She blew me in full view of the neighborhood. Anyone could spot her kneeling there nursing on my cock.

I grabbed the sides of her head, holding the MILF. I groaned and then thrust forward. I fucked my cock to the back of her throat and pulled back. She groaned, sucking the entire time. Her green eyes squeezed shut as I thrust in again.

Yeah, you love me fucking your mouth! I groaned. You know it'll get that cum that you crave faster, don't you?

She nodded, nursing. Sucking. It was incredible. My dick throbbed in her wet mouth. I glanced over my shoulder to just see her husband's lawnmower turning away and heading out of sight, the man oblivious to what I did to his wife.

Suck that cock, Mrs. Daniels, I growled. Yeah, just nurse on me like that. You're going to guzzle down all my cum.

She moaned, sucking so hard as I plunged to the back of her throat.

Going to guzzle it all down because you love my cum!

She groaned so loudly. My cock throbbed from her humming delight. I smiled, reveling in my power over the MILF. If it worked on her, it would work on every female. Possibilities burst in my mind as I fucked her mouth.

Her lips gripped me. They sealed tight about my cock, giving me such pleasure. My heart hammered in my chest as I buried into her mouth again and again. A smile spread on my lips as I enjoyed her mouth sucking on me. I reveled in her nursing on me. I would have such a big explosion of bliss.

Just flood her mouth with all my cum.

Fuck, yes! I growled. Just like that. That's it. Mmm, you know what you're doing. You suck that dick like a champ.

She stared up at me, sucking hard. It was incredible to enjoy. I loved the way she did it. This pleasure spilled over my mouth. My cock throbbed and pulsed in her mouth. The pleasure swelled and swelled. I would have such a huge burst of cum.

Just shower her with every drop of spunk that I had. I slammed to the back of her throat again and again, my fingers tightening in her hair. My balls swung. Her husband mowed the lawn, oblivious to how I used his wife.

What would he do if he found out?

Fuck, yes! I growled. That's it, Mrs. Daniels, suck that dick. You MILF-whore. Come on, nurse out that cum. You want it.

She gripped my hips hard. Her sloppy sucking rose over the lawnmower. He was working on the other side of the lawn. I shuddered, my heart pounding. The pressure swelled and swelled in my nuts. I couldn't take much more.

I buried to the back of her throat. Her tongue slid over my shaft, caressing me. She stared up at me with her warm, green eyes. The hot MILF across the street was blowing my dick. It was incredible. I shuddered and then erupted.

Yes! I growled and spurted cum from my dick.

Blast after blast of my jizz pumped into her mouth. The pleasure slammed into my mind. It spilled hot over them. It was amazing. This pleasure had me shuddering. My cock twitched and throbbed, my cum spurting hot and fast.

That's it, I growled. Just suck down all that cum. You know you love it. Fuck, fuck, fuck! 

I trembled, the pleasure spilling through my body. It was an amazing delight. I growled with each eruption, my dick twitching and throbbing as it unloaded into her sucking mouth. She swallowed my cum. She gulped it down. It was an outstanding delight. A wonderful bliss that blazed through my mind. I hit that peak.

Yes! I panted. Oh, yes, that's good.

She swallowed the last of my cum. Then her lips slid off with a wet plop. She panted, drool spilling down her chin. She breathed heavily as she stared up at me, this look of awe in her eyes. She shuddered, her tongue flicking across her lips.

I know, I growled. That's what you needed.

I did, she panted. Mmm, Neil, I did.

And I need some brown sugar. For my mom.

Oh, yes, she said. She gave my dick one last kiss and stood up. Thank you for your cum. It was amazing.

No problem, Mrs. Daniels, I told her. You're a sexy MILF. Any time.

MILF? she asked as she drew up my jeans for me while I put away my cock.

Yeah, Mother I'd Love to Fuck. I grinned at her. 

Oh, she gasped. I see. You naughty boy. You shouldn't think about married women like that.

A smile grew as I said, I shouldn't want to fuck you?

Well, it's not good to lust after unavailable women, she said and snapped my jeans and zipped up my fly. Then she buckled me up.

Right, right, I said. You're unavailable.

I am happily married, she said and stood up. Well, let's get you that brown sugar. She spun around, her jeans showing off the curve of her ass. It swayed as she walked ahead of me.

So, you'd never have sex with me? I asked.

Neil! she gasped. You really shouldn't talk to women like that.

I shouldn't, huh? I said, following her into the house. But if you don't bend over the kitchen counter and let me fuck your married cunt, you'll never get to suck my cock again. Which was a pity, I was thinking of coming over tomorrow to enjoy your mouth again.

She shuddered. Oh, you naughty boy.

I grinned. So, I guess your pussy is available to me, isn't it?

She shuddered and threw a look over her shoulder, a sultry gaze. I guess it is. Mmm, you did get me wet sucking your dick. I was going to pounce on my husband, but... I do want to suck your cock again. Guess it's your lucky day, naughty boy.

You have no idea, I groaned, my dick throbbing.

She was so sexy. So hot. Just this gorgeous MILF that I had thought about fucking many times, unlike my own mom. Incest was something I had discovered to be amazing, but I didn't just want to limit myself to the sexy women of my family.

Other women needed to blow my cock, too.

I glanced down at the belt buckle, SUCK written across it in bold letters. I was glad that I bought this now.

Mrs. Daniels bent over her counter and thrust out her ass at me. She wiggled it back and forth, this look of excited lust on her face. She stared at my crotch and licked her lips, drool still gleaming on her chin.

Do you want to pull down my pants or have me do it? she moaned, the lawnmower's muted sound bleeding through.

You do it, I groaned. Let me see that sexy ass.

She winked at me. Mmm, you better be over here before you go to school tomorrow. If I have to track you down to suck your dick...

I'll be here, I promised her as I unbuckled my belt.

She unsnapped her jeans and then peeled them off her ass. The denim slid over her rump. A pair of lilac panties came into view, the fabric a shiny satin. The cloth hugged her bubbly butt. My dick throbbed at the sight, my smile spreading from ear to ear.

This was so amazing. I shoved my jeans and then my boxers down. She bit her lower lip as her thumbs hooked her panties. She moaned, her eyes locked on my cock. Her panties rolled off her rump, her bubbly ass clenching tight together.

I groaned and stepped up behind her, my cock throbbing as her brown bush came into view. Dewdrops beaded on her curls. A tart delight filled the air. I breathed it in, my mouth salivating at the aroma of her pussy.

What a wonderful scent.

My cock did this to her. Made her so wet and horny she would do anything I wanted just for the chance to suck my cock. School would be so awesome tomorrow. Cute girls flashed through my mind along with sexy teachers.

I pressed my dick into her bush. She gasped as my cock nuzzled into her pussy folds. I rubbed up and down and asked her, How long since you had a man that wasn't your husband?

I don't know, she groaned. Twenty-two or more years. Oh, just ram that cock into me, Neil. Mmm, I'm so wet. I want to suck your cock again and again, so fuck my pussy!

With your husband outside?

Yes, yes, yes! she moaned.

I grinned and thrust into her. I buried to the hilt in her cunt. I savored the feel of her twat engulfing my dick, the pleasure spilling down my shaft to my heat up my balls. I groaned at how tight and juicy she felt. This was an amazing delight. Just a wonderful treat to experience. I shuddered as her pussy squeezed about me in such a delicious way.

Then I was all the way in her. My cock throbbed in her snatch. Her pussy squeezed about me. She wiggled her hips and stirred her cunt around my dick. I shuddered about her and loved the way it felt to be in a married woman's cunt.

In my MILF neighbor's snatch.

Damn, Mrs. Daniels, I groaned. My friends and I would watch you weed your flowerbed in your shorts.

I know, she groaned. I have a son. I know what teenage boys are like. She shuddered. I didn't know your cock was so big. Oh, my god, Neil.

I grinned. Bigger than hubby?

Yes! She squeezed down on me. Oh, sucking your dick is worth this price!

I grinned and drew back. The married MILF moaned, her head tossing. It was hot fucking her in her kitchen, her husband mowing the lawn. I buried into her cunt, my balls smacking into her bush. Her butt-cheeks jiggled from the impact.

Pleasure shot down my shaft. My face scrunched up as I savored every moment of burying into her snatch. I loved it. This was incredible. Just the best delight in the world. It was fantastic to enjoy. I savored every moment of it. 

Yes, yes, yes, I growled. Mrs. Daniels!

Oh, yes, that's wonderful, she moaned. Oh, you naughty boy. Fuck me with that magnificent cock! Oh, yes, yes! Ram that dick into me!

Her moans echoed through her kitchen. I grinned, my hands sliding up beneath her shirt. I slammed into her juicy cunt, loving her wet tightness. My balls swung forward, smacking into her bush over and over again.

My hands reached her boobs. I shoved up her bra cups and her tits spilled out into my hands. I squeezed them. My fingers kneaded them. They felt so ripe and full in my hands. It was perfect. A delight to enjoy. I pumped away at her. I fucked her with passion. I savored the way her cunt squeezed about my dick. It was just amazing to enjoy.

Neil! she moaned, her head tossing, her pussy getting warmer and warmer around my dick. Oh, my god, Neil.

I know, I groaned, burying hard and fast into her cunt. I fucking know. Just squeeze that cunt down on my dick. You're going to get that cum you love just filling your pussy.

Oh, god, she moaned. You're so bad. Such a bad boy. Making me fuck your cock just so I can suck it. You know I have to suck it, don't you?

Every woman does!

Yes! she squealed, her cunt squeezing down on my cock. Oh, yes, yes, this is amazing. Just ram that dick into me. Oh, my god, fuck me hard.

I did. I fucked her hard. Fast. I buried to the hilt in her with powerful strokes. My balls smacked into her. She felt incredible about my cock. Just the perfect delight to make me orgasm. I would have such a mighty blast of cum. I would flood her with all my jizz.

It would be incredible. An amazing delight that would have me spurting cum over and over into her twat. I shuddered, my cock hammering her cunt again and again. I buried into her with powerful strokes.

Oh, god, that's good, I moaned. That's fucking incredible. Yes, yes, just ram that cock into me. Just fuck me hard! she said.

I pumped away at her snatch. I pounded her with hard strokes. I savored burying to the hilt in her. I loved slamming my dick into her snatch. It was such an amazing thrill to fuck the married woman. Just a delight that would have me exploding over and over again.

Yes, yes, yes, she moaned. Oh, my god, that's great. That's amazing. Ooh, you fuck me so hard. You pound me with such powerful strokes.

I know, I growled, pumping away at her cunt. Mmm, you like that?

I do! she moaned. I love it!

Good! I groaned, my dick throbbing in her snatch. 

The pleasure swelled in me. It was incredible. I savored every moment of burying into her. I loved the passion of plowing my cock into her snatch. I would make her explode. Make this hot wife climax on my big dick.

She would cum so hard on my cock. She would milk me. I slammed to the hilt in her, my crotch smacking her rump. Her husband's lawnmower roared by. He was in the backyard now. I could see him out the window as I fucked his wife.

I buried hard and fast into her, my hands kneading her tits. I squeezed them hard as I buried into her snatch. She felt so amazing. Just such a delight. I groaned, the pressure building and building towards that explosive release.

Fuck! I gasped. Are you going to cum on my dick, Mrs. Daniels!

I am! she moaned. Oh, god, I am. Your dick... Your dick is stirring me up. Just a few more strokes!

Her hot pussy clamped down on my cock. I groaned at the friction swelling the ache at the tip of my cock. I buried into her married pussy with hard strokes. My nuts tightened, my cum about to erupt from my cock.

My fingers pinched her nipples. I rolled her fat nubs between my thumbs and forefingers. She gasped, her back arching. Her married pussy grew so hot around my cock. I buried to the hilt in her delicious snatch.

She came.

Oh, my fucking god! she howled as her pussy went wild around my dick.

Mrs. Daniels! I groaned, loving the feel of her silky flesh rippling and writhing around me. She bathed my cock in such passion. It rippled over me. It was such a delight to enjoy. I groaned, savoring her snatch's grip.

That silky twat was incredible. Just the best. I groaned and pumped away in her. A shiver ran through my body. It was amazing to experience. I groaned, hammering away at her cunt with powerful strokes. 

Yes, yes, yes! I gasped. Oh, my god, that's incredible. That's fucking amazing. I love it. I fucking love it!

I spurted cum into her snatch. I pumped over and over again. I groaned as my jizz fired into her twat. I basted Mrs. Daniels's pussy while glancing at her oblivious husband passing the window pushing the lawnmower.

Neil! she groaned.

I pinched her nipples as her pussy milked my cock. My back arched. The pleasure slammed into my mind. Every spurt of cum into her hot snatch sent hammering rapture crashing into my thoughts. I groaned, stars blazing.

Then my balls were empty.

Fuck, I groaned.

Uh-huh, she moaned. Oh, that was amazing.

Yes, it was. I smiled. I had to get back home. Mom needed her brown sugar. Mmm, just need what I came for.

Which wasn't to fuck me? she asked as I slid out of her. You didn't come over here to use that suckable cock to make me into your naughty whore?

That was just a bonus. I winked at her.

You're such a bad boy, Neil, she moaned, drawing up her satin panties. Oh, you made a mess in me.

Good, I said and pulled up my boxers.

After I had the brown sugar, I stole a kiss from Mrs. Daniels. She groaned and when she broke it, she said, You better be here tomorrow morning. I want to have a belly full of cum to start my day.

I'll be here, I told her.

I parted from her, whistling as I headed through the house. I opened the door and saw Mr. Daniels pushing the lawnmower into the garage. I nodded to him, his wife's cream soaking my cock. I felt like the king of the world as I crossed the street back to my house.

I whistled as I entered the house. Mom poked her head in from the kitchen and arched an eyebrow. That took a while.

Sorry, I said, pulling off my shirt. Mom swept up to me, her large breasts jiggling. Her black bush had her dewdrops gleaming on her curls. Got held up. But I have it.

Thank you, she said, taking it and then giving me a lingering kiss on the mouth, her naked breasts pressing into my chest.

Of course, my dick throbbed.

Then she fell to her knees and began unbuckling my belt. I just smiled as she tore down my pants and boxers. She grabbed my cock and then arched her eyebrows at me. You fucked Mrs. Daniels?

And I have to let her blow me before school tomorrow for it, I said.

Mmm, such a naughty son, she groaned and sucked my wet cock into her mouth.

I shuddered at the feel of my mom's mouth on my dick. That was amazing. Mrs. Daniels had a great mouth, but I had the ultimate MILF sucking my cock now. I groaned as Mom bobbed her head, sliding her lips up and down my dick.

Lisa darted in, her pigtails dancing, her small breasts quivering. She was just budding, her body lithe. She grinned at me. I tossed her the brown sugar I held. She darted off to the kitchen while Mom kept sucking me.

Then my sister came back and leaned on the dining table. The house's first floor was pretty open. Lisa watched, rubbing at her small nipples as she did. I groaned, loving the attention while our mother bobbed her head and sucked my cock clean of Mrs. Daniels's cunt.

Hey, Neil, Shelly said, hugging me from behind. She rubbed her firm tits against my back. Mmm, I'm really getting to like doing this. Sucking your cock really made us close.

Yes, it did, I said, savoring the feel of her nipples on my back. And with Lisa, too, right?

Oh, yes, we're close, said Shelly. I showed her how girls can scissor pussies.

She did! Lisa moaned. It was so hot. I didn't know girls could do that.

You're going to have to show Mom, I said, Mom moaning her agreement around my cock.

I will, Shelly cooed. Mmm, how's the blowjob?

Excellent. I glanced at Lisa. Shelly, why don't your rim Lisa's asshole. Get her all nice and ready for my cock. I want to fuck her ass before dinner.

Sure. Shelly licked my ear. Mmm, you just got us all tamed by that wonderful cock, don't you?

Yep.

She broke away from me and advanced on Lisa. I shuddered as my little sister didn't even need to be told. She slipped off the table, spun around, and bent over it. Her cute rump clenched and relaxed. Shelly reached her, fell to her knees, and parted those delicious cheeks.

I groaned as Shelly buried her face into Lisa's butt-crack. Our little sister moaned. Her head tossed as she had the pleasure of being rimmed by our older sister. My dick throbbed in Mom's sucking mouth. My heart beat faster and faster.

That tongue stud must be driving Lisa wild. She moaned and groaned and shuddered.

Yes, get that ass ready for my cock, I growled. Need to break her ass in. She doesn't want another boy to do it.

Not when I have my big brother! Lisa moaned. Oh, yes, yes, Shelly. That's so naughty. Then she squealed, Shelly!

What did she do? 

She's got her tongue in my butt! Lisa shuddered. Oh, geez, she's just swirling it around in my butt. Her tongue stud is massaging me. Oh, this is naughty. So naughty.

Yes, it is, I groaned, my cock throbbing in my mother's hungry mouth.

Mom nursed with hunger on my cock. She sucked with passion. She worshiped me, so eager for my cum. I loved it. I gripped fistfuls of her black hair and let her do her work, her tongue dancing around my cock.

Shelly's plump rump clenched and relaxed as she rimmed our little sister's asshole. I smacked my lips as I watched that sight. It was so hot the power I had over my women. They were all hypnotized by the belt buckle into thinking blowing my dick was the greatest thing to do.

How? Why?

Did it fucking matter?

Nope.

That's it, Mom, I groaned. Suck Mrs. Daniels's pussy cream off my dick. Maybe one day, you'll get to lick the cum out of her cunt. Or she'll lick mine to out of yours.

God, you're such a perv, Shelly moaned. I love it, Neil.

Me, too! Lisa shouted with all her girlish energy. I'll lick your cum out of Mrs. Daniels's pussy.

I bet you would, Shelly purred. You're turning into a perv, too.

Yep! Neil's cock is so corrupting. Lisa giggled.

I nodded. My dick was.

My mother bobbed her head faster, sucking with more force. I shifted my feet, jeans rustling around my denim, as the pleasure swelled in my nuts. She hungered for it, the incestuous bliss swelling the pressure in my balls.

I would have such a big orgasm.

I closed my eyes, sucking in deep breaths. It was wonderful getting my dick sucked. After dreaming about getting my first blowjob, the reality was far, far better. Especially from my sexy mother. 

Her plump lips worked up and down my cock. She nursed on me with hunger. It was incredible to enjoy. I shuddered, savoring her sucking on me. I groaned, loving the passion with which she pleasured my cock.

Damn, mom, you're good at this, I groaned. Dad must have enjoyed your mouth whenever he could.

She winked at me.

I grinned back at her.

Shelly! gasped Lisa. Oh, Shelly, I'm going to cum. Your tongue and your fingers in my pussy... That's so good.

Finger her twat, I groaned. Damn, this is hot.

Uh-huh, Shelly moaned. Hot little ass and juicy cunt.

Lisa squealed, her head tossing and pigtails flying. I smiled, enjoying the sight as Mom brought my cock closer and closer to cumming with that hungry mouth of hers. She knew just how to suck to drive me wild.

To make me explode every drop of spunk I had right down her gullet. My heart beat faster and faster as she nursed on me. She suckled with passion, swelling the pressure in my balls with her wonderful mouth.

Oh, that's it, Lisa moaned. Oh, that's so good. I'm going to... to... Shelly, yes!

Lisa squealed. Her climax filled the air with her moans. I groaned at the sight of her cumming from Shelly's naughty ass licking and pussy fingering. Mom's tongue danced around my cock, swelling the pressure at the tip.

I hurtled towards that eruption as Lisa moaned through her orgasm. My family was so wild now. And so close. Sex had brought us all together. My magic belt buckle had united us through my dick and spurting cum.

That thought set me off.

Mom! I groaned and erupted. I fired my cum into my mother's hungry mouth. Fuck!

Lisa squealed and trembled through the last of her orgasm, her moans echoing through the house, joining my grunts. Pleasure slammed into my mind. Stars burst across my vision as I pumped my mother's mouth full of my jizz. She gulped it down with hunger. She swallowed my jizz with relish.

She moaned as she did, groans of satisfied desires. I shuddered as she nursed on me. She suckled out the cum lurking in my nuts. I growled, my heart pounding rapture through my body. I hit the peak of my orgasm. I hovered there.

Fuck! I groaned.

Mmm, and she's ready for your cock, said Shelly.

Mom slid her mouth off my dick, drool and cum on her lips. Dinner will be in fifteen minutes so don't spend too much time fucking your sister in the ass.

I winked at Mom.

Yes, yes, come fuck me in the butt, moaned Lisa. Shelly got me all ready. Ooh, I feel so good.

Thanks, Shelly, I said to my older sister.

Enjoy her. She licked her lips, her tongue stud flashing. She has a yummy asshole.

My older sister was such a slut. I loved it.

I stepped out of my jeans and boxers and advanced on my little sister. She had such a cute tush. Her pigtails made her so adorable. I grinned as I approached, my cock twitching and throbbing, wet with our mother's saliva. All ready to break in my little sister.

I pressed my cock into her crack. She threw a smile over her shoulder, full of all that cute enthusiasm. I groaned as I slid my crown down and down her crevice until I reached her puckered sphincter.

You ready for this? I asked.

Ready, big brother!

I pressed against Lisa's asshole, the incestuous thrill of sodomizing my sister rushing through me. Her asshole widened and widened to take my dick. It was a thing of beauty. I groaned at the heat engulfing my cock. I popped into her bowels. I shuddered, the bliss rushing through my body as I sank into her anal sheath.

She groaned and quivered, her moans so adorable. Her asshole swallowed more and more of my cock. Her back flexed. Her pigtails quivered. I couldn't resist grasping them like a pair of handlebars as I sank to the hilt in her bowels.

How's that? I asked her, loving the way her bowels clenched around my cock.

Amazing, she breathed. Oh, big brother, this is spectacular. You've... Oh, you've filled up my asshole, you know that?

Yep, I groaned and drew back my cock.

She gasped and shuddered. She held me tight. It was a fantastic delight. I groaned at the feel of her holding my dick with her velvety delight. Then I plowed into her asshole. I buried to the hilt in her, loving the way her bowels gripped me. She massaged me with that wonderful touch. I groaned, savoring every moment of penetrating into her while holding onto her pigtails.

I drew back my hips, savoring her anal delight. She had such an amazing grip on my dick. It was outstanding to experience wrapped around my cock, her velvety sheath tighter than our older sister's. I groaned and gasped, ramming my cock into her flesh. I buried into her with powerful strokes. I fucked her hard.

Yes, yes, yes! she groaned. Big brother, I love your cock in all my holes.

Mmm, they are all special in their own delicious way, I groaned.

Really? she squealed. Oh, thank you! I love being a slut for your dick!

You're such a cute one, I panted, pumping away at her.

She sighed. I could tell she was happy as I fucked her asshole. That made me smile. It was more than the pleasure of her bowels, it was giving my sister this joy. I loved it. I fucked into her hard. I buried to the hilt in her ass again and again.

She gasped and groaned, her bowels clenching down on my dick. Her flesh massaged me. I savored the velvety heaven of my little sister's asshole. I fucked into her with hard strokes, reveling in every thrust. Every plunge into her depths.

The slap of my crotch on her rump echoed through the house. It was amazing. I groaned, thrusting away at her. I fucked into her bowels, building the pressure in my nuts. I shuddered, burying into her hard and fast. I slammed to the hilt in her.

Yes, yes, yes! I growled. Oh, that's great. That's amazing. You're making me feel great. That's so good. Fuck!

It is so good! she moaned. Oh, big brother! Your cock! I love your cock! Love you!

I gripped her pigtails and fucked her hard, the pressure building and building in my nuts. I groaned, my dick throbbing and aching. It was fantastic to enjoy. Just a thrill. I fucked into her hard and fast. I buried to the hilt in her asshole.

I slammed deep and hard into her. I pumped away at her twat. I slammed to the hilt in her. It was amazing. Rapturous. This was something every big brother needed to enjoy. I groaned, thrusting hard into her asshole. I buried into her again and again, the pressure swelling. Her velvety sheath massaged me.

Oh, yes, yes, that's wonderful, she moaned. That's amazing. It's fantastic. I'm going to cum on your dick, big brother!

Good, I growled. Cum for me!

I'm about to! she moaned, her bowels clamping down on me. Oh, big brother!

Her asshole rippled around my cock. She bucked and moaned, her head tossing, pulling on the pigtails I held. I groaned, savoring the feel of her bowels spasming around my dick. She sucked at me, swelling the pressure at the tip.

Damn, that's amazing, I groaned. Lisa, that's fantastic. Yes, yes, yes! That's great! I'm going to cum!

Cum! she squealed, her bowels writhing around me.

I slammed to the hilt in my little sister's velvety asshole and exploded. 

Yes! I growled.

I fired spurt after spurt of cum into her anal sheath. The pleasure shot through me. I groaned as I spurted again and again into her bowels. I shuddered as I basted her asshole with my cum. The pleasure blazed through my mind. I groaned, her bowels milking out every drop of cum held in my nuts. It was incredible to experience. I reveled in it. My mind melted beneath the onslaught.

Oh, my god, yes! I groaned. 

Big brother! she moaned, her bowels sucking up my cum.

I gripped her pigtails hard and I pumped my jizz into her asshole. She whimpered and moaned, her naughty sheath rippling around my cock. I fired the last spurt into her. My body tensed as the ecstasy suffused my body.

Damn, I groaned.

Good timing, Mom called. Neil, can you set the table. Lisa, go get a towel to sit on so you don't make a mess on the chair.

Yes, Mom, I groaned.

Uh-huh, Lisa moaned.

I felt amazing as I pulled out of my sister's asshole. I grinned because my belt buckle worked on other women. I would have a great time at school tomorrow. Tracy the cheerleader, her twin sister Lacy, Martha, Carla, Rosalita, Janet, Veronica, Linda, and all the other girls would be hungry for my cum. And the teachers. I hoped Mrs. Jun would be eager for my cum. And Mrs. Harris, Mrs. Rosenberg, and Mrs. Summers.

I headed into the kitchen to get the plates. 

To be continued...
