Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Ten: Naughty Mommy's Port
Summary: The mothers and their daughters on the Treasure Box need to be bred by the Son of Lust!
Keywords: MF FF MFFF MHF FFFF inc oral creampie anal DP breed voy exhib D/s

Copyright: 2020

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Kurtis  Jyou Sea

Daddy, Overia moaned, her cunt dripping with my seed.

I smiled as he stood frozen at the foot of the stairs that led down into the deck of the Treasure Box. The ship rolled with the waves. Wet pussy cream cooled on my dick. I throbbed with the excitement of incest. Overia wanted her daddy now. I had bred her, though. My virile cum held my father's prowess. 

I could breed humans and races birthed from Las's cum, but not hermaphrodites like my step-mother and half-sisters. I could breed my dragon-mother, but then I came from her womb. Of course, I would be compatible with her.

I wanted to be compatible with everyone.

This is wrong, groaned Tarthan. He struggled to push his eager daughter off him, but her naked form hugged him tight. 

Just fuck me, Daddy, she moaned, pulling him into the hold. I know you want me. I can feel it. You're so hard.

You're my daughter, he panted. Incest is wrong.

Don't think like that, I told Tarthan. Take your pleasure where you will. Enjoy her. Love your daughter. Incest is a beautiful thing. You fuck her hard. I clapped a hand on his shoulder. I'll go take care of your wife.

He groaned as his daughter pulled him down on her. She stretched out on a crate and spread her legs wide. Her hands shoved down the pantaloons he wore, his sash falling to the ground. She worked fast.

He buried into her. She moaned her delight as he did. Her passion echoed through the hold. It was such a naughty sound to hear. I hummed as I headed up the stairs naked on deck, my dick thrusting out before me.

My dragon-mother waited. She was naked save for the gold collar around her neck and the golden chastity belt that kept her clit from sprouting into a dick. But you could still fuck her pussy or her asshole. She looked down at my cock, licking her lips.

Find Bethie and send her to my cabin, I said. And join us. I want to have two mothers to play with.

Yes, Master, she groaned, her deep-sapphire eyes dewy with lust. Mmm, I can smell her on you. You fucked Overia hard.

Yes, I did.

I sauntered past my mother as she scurried to the front of the ship. I felt the halfling females' eyes on me. I would breed them all. Every woman on this ship would be mine. I also saw Foran, who was Bethie and Tarthan's son. I would send Bethie to seduce him once I was done with her. She and her husband should have made love to their children when they were old enough.

That was what responsible parents would do. 

I couldn't wait until my daughters back on the island were old enough to love their daddy. It would be so hot to deflower them one after the other. They were all born so close together. And then there were my daughters with my mermaids. Those beauties were only a few days pregnant. 

I grinned, eager for it all.

I entered the cabin I shared with my sisters and mother. They weren't in here. Probably licking out a halfling cunt right now. They were having their own fun with the women of the crew. They had fucked Bethie with strap-ons yesterday, getting her primed for incest.

Right after I stretched out on the bed, Bethie entered. The motherly human had a hungry expression on her face. She had that same rich, brown skin as her daughter, her breasts large and stretching out her blouse. Wavy, black hair framed her mature and gorgeous face. She shuddered at the sight of me.

Suck my dick, Bethie. Your daughter coated me in her juices. I need you to clean me.

My daughter, she groaned, staring at my dick. The MILF licked her lips. That's Overia's cream on my dick.

And you're going to lick it up right now! My voice cracked with authority.

She jumped, a woman used to taking orders from ship captains. She scurried in before she stopped. But that's my daughter's juices, Kurtis.

And? I asked. My mother closed the door behind her. I know you watched my sisters yesterday. Don't tell me you haven't thought about Overia. I wondered what her pussy tasted like. Well... Find out.

She shuddered, her hands rubbing together. Her eyes stared at my cock. She licked her lips, her body trembling. She had this look of wild lust in her eyes. Her tongue flicked over her lips. She flexed her fingers, her eyes lidded.

It's time for you to discover the joys of incest, I growled. Suck my dick. Lick that cream off of me. Find out how yummy your daughter's cunt is. Your husband is fucking her right now.

What? she gasped. Really?

I winked at her.

Gods, who are you? she panted. You turn me on so much. I've never felt like this.

He's Las's son, my dragon-mother cooed. I would know. I was bedded by the god of lust.

A shiver ran through the woman. Vedr's queef, no wonder he's so sexy. A demigod.

Then, with a groan, she threw herself on the bed. I shuddered as she grabbed my cock. She sucked it into her mouth. I shuddered at the feel of her lips sliding over my dick. She sucked with hunger. It felt amazing. My face scrunched up. I trembled at the feel of her wonderful mouth sucking at my dick.

She bobbed then. She worked her lips up and down my cock. She nursed her daughter's pussy cream off my cock. I smiled as my mother moved in behind her. She knelt and reached around to untie the woman's sash.

Enjoy, I purred.

Thank you, Master, she moaned. Savor her mouth.

Oh, I am, I panted.

Mother pulled down Bethie's pantaloons, exposing a curvy, brown rump. My mother's pale fingers grabbed it. Her blue hair swayed as she ducked her head down. Bethie moaned around my cock as my mother feasted. The dragon devoured Bethie's cunt.

I loved it.

The naughty wife worked her lips up and down my cock. She sucked with hunger on me. It was incredible to feel. I groaned at the delight that rose in my dick. My balls swelled as I savored this hunger. She nursed on me with passion.

Yes! I panted. Oh, Las's big dick, that's good! Work that mouth. Suck off all your daughter's juices.

Mmm, yes, yes, purred my dragon-mother. Clean him up and suck out his cum.

Her blue eyes shone over the married woman's rump. I loved these older, motherly women. They were exciting. My dick throbbed in Bethie's mouth. She sucked with passion for me. She nursed with all her might.

Her warm, wet mouth sucked with such passion on me. I groaned as I loved it. She sucked and slurped on me. I squeezed my eyes shut. I panted, savoring every suck. Every last moment of her nursing on me. It was incredible. My balls tightened. I would have such a huge orgasm. Just a mighty burst of rapture that would explode out of me.

That's it! I growled.

My dragon-mother groaned her approval, her hands kneading Bethie's rump. She dug those digits into that plump ass while devouring the married woman's pussy. I shuddered on my bed, savoring ho hard Bethie nursed.

She polished her daughter off with relish. Her mouth slid up and down my dick. She sucked on me with passion, taking more and more of me. I brushed the back of her throat. She groaned and swallowed the tip of my dick.

Gods, yes! I growled. Las's big dick! Take it all!

Deep-throat my son! groaned my dragon-mother. While I do this.

My mother sucked. Bethie groaned as she swallowed more and more of my cock. Her lips slid down into my bush. I shuddered, gripping a fistful of her black hair. She swirled her tongue around my shaft, sweeping it back and forth. She cleaned off her daughter's pussy cream.

She loved the taste adorning my cock.

I shuddered as she sucked back up my dick. She nursed the entire time. I squeezed my eyes shut, loving every last second of it. My balls tensed, my orgasm hurtling closer and closer. This sexy wife knew how to please a man.

That's it, Bethie, I panted. That's fucking it. You're going to get a mouthful of cum. Oh, yes, you are. Just spurt after hot spurt of my jizz firing into your mouth. You want that, don't you?

Her eyes smoldered. She sucked hard.

Yeah, that's what I thought!

I erupted.

My cum fired into her mouth. My body bucked on the bed. I growled through my clenched teeth. I pumped spurt after spurt of jizz into her. She nursed it all down. She swallowed it. The pleasure slammed into my mind. Stars burst before my eyes.

She squealed.

Yes, yes, give me that pussy cream, purred my dragon-mother. So good.

I bet! I growled.

I kept erupting. I unloaded my balls into the married woman's mouth. She sucked down the cum with hunger. She nursed it all out of me. I groaned, savoring that spunk. It was incredible to feel. To experience.

Gods, yes! I groaned as she nursed out the last of my cum. Now ride my dick. I want that married cunt on my cock. I'm breeding you. Just like I bred your daughter.

She whimpered and slid her mouth off my dick. Vedr's queef, you're a bold one.

Yes, he is, purred my mother. Fuck him hard.

Mother, you can have fun, too, I said and concentrated on her chastity belt. 

She gasped as I dismissed it. Lasla had created it. My sister had some special abilities that were just so delicious. Thank you, Master. I will enjoy fucking her ass.

What? gasped Bethie. She threw a look behind her and gasped. You're a hermaphrodite!

A demigoddess daughter of Henta, I lied. No one could know she was a dragon. They were supposed to be extinct. But Henta, the hermaphrodite Goddess of the Hunt, could fuck women and have children, too.

What an intriguing life you live, Kurtis, Bethie moaned. No wonder you wish to sail to Naith. Her face twisted for a moment.

You're Naithian? 

She nodded. The rakshasas are cruel. Bloodthirsty. Be careful. They will seek to claim a strong young man like you. She stroked my chest with one hand as she straddled me. Make you into a pleasure slave until they grow bored of you.

Let them try, I said, eager for the challenge. Thrak had tamed Thyrna, the rakshasa pirate. I would do the same.

I grinned as Bethie lowered her married pussy to my dick. I throbbed, so eager to breed this sexy wife. She still wore her blouse. That had to go. Her thick bush tickled the tip of my cock, hiding her delicious twat. Then her labia kissed the crown. Those naughty lips slid over my dick and engulfed me. She sank down me, moaning.

I grabbed her blouse and shoved it up her torso as her cunt swallowed my dick. Her large breasts popped out. They quivered before me. I grinned at the sight of them. They swayed back and forth. They held such wonder in them. I licked my lips, aching to grab them.

I cupped her tits. I squeezed them. My fingers dug into her flesh. It was an exciting delight to massage those big and lush mounds. I licked my lips, so hungry to breed her. Her cunt felt amazing around my cock. I groaned at the hot embrace of her married flesh.

That's it, I panted. Mmm, that's it. Yes, yes, that's good.

Her snatch squeezed about my dick. She held me tight. She gripped me in her cunt. I groaned, loving her twat around me. My face twisted in rapture. I loved every second of her naughty cunt holding me tight.

My dragon-mother's hands joined me on Bethie's tits. My mother squeezed about the sides of those big boobs. Bethie gasped. My mother groaned. I grinned, knowing that hermaphrodite-dick slid into tight bowels. The married woman gasped.

Vedr's queef! she gasped. Gods, two dicks. Oh, yes, yes, that's good. Mmm, that's better than a nixie's cock.

Of course it is! I growled. My mother has the second-best cock in the world.

Yes! Bethie moaned, her pussy clenching about me. You're so big. So thick. Ooh, and young and virile.

Like your son?

She shuddered, a wicked smile spreading on her lips. Mmm, you are as handsome as him.

He would love his mother's attention, purred my dragon-mother. Trust me, Bethie.

Azuliana, whimpered Bethie. I will. And my daughter. I have to enjoy them both. But first... This cock. Kurtis, I need to cum on this dick!

I squeezed her tits and growled, Then ride me.

Yes!

She worked her married twat up my cock, squeezing the entire way. Her cunt felt amazing. I growled out my pleasure savoring every last second of that cunt about my dick. I groaned, squirming on my bed as she slammed back down me. She swallowed my shaft.

My mother fucked away at Bethie's asshole, slamming that dragon-dick in and out of the married woman's tight bowels. She had to have a tight ass because her cunt squeezed like a silk vice. She was almost as tight as her daughter.

I savored it, my hands kneading her tits as she rode me. I reveled in that married cunt working up and down my cock. I would fire so much jizz into her. I would breed her. It would be incredible. My nuts tightened. Her moans echoed through the cabin.

Kurtis! gasped Bethie. Azuliana! This is better than your sisters and their dildos. Oh, yes, yes, I have real cocks in me. Big dicks! Yes!

You're going to cum so hard on my son's big dick, aren't you? moaned Mother. Just working out all his cum with that married cunt. He's going to breed you!

Gods, yes! whimpered Bethie.

She worked that pussy up and down my dick. Her cunt so tight and juicy. I groaned, loving every second of it. Mother fucked Bethie hard. Her crotch smacked into the woman's ass. Her moans echoed through the cabin.

It was delicious to let her do the work. To feel her sliding that hot, married cunt up and down my dick. She would make me cum so hard. I couldn't wait to baste her with my seed. To pump her full of all my cum.

Las's big dick! I groaned, my balls tightening. I squeezed her breasts. You want my cum, don't you? 

Yes! she moaned. Oh, god, I do. I want your cum firing into me. I want that jizz pumping into my snatch. Unleash it!

Gladly! I growled. When I feel that pussy spasming around me. Show me how much you want to be bred by me. Melt my cock with her cumming cunt!

Gods, I will! she moaned. With your hermaphrodite-mother ass-fucking me, I'll cum so hard. Vedr's queef, that's good. Yes, yes, two big dicks in me.

Mmm, yes, yes, that tight ass, moaned my dragon-mother. Ride my son. You want his cum in you. He'll give you such a strong child. You'll see!

Good! 

The married woman slammed her cunt down on my dick. She squeezed about me and then slid back up my cock. I groaned at the pressure building and building in my nuts. I was almost there. Almost flooding her cunt with my jizz. I would pump so much into her. I would flood her. It would be incredible.

I couldn't wait to baste her cunt with everything I had. The bliss would be incredible. I groaned, my back shifting. I loved every second of it. Every last moment of her cunt riding my dick. I panted, the heat building and building in me.

Las's big dick! I gasped. That's it. That's Gods damn it! Work that cunt up and down my dick.

So good! Bethie whimpered. You two are going to make me explode. Gods, yes!

Mmm, you are driving me wild! moaned my dragon-mother. That ass... Yes, yes, that ass will brim with all my cum.

I want it! the married woman moaned as she slammed her cunt down my dick. She took every inch of my cock in her. I want it all! Yes!

Her pussy went wild around my cock. Her cunt spasmed. The wild rush of bliss surged up my dick. I groaned. my back arching. The pleasure rippled through me. This incredible delight. I savored every moment of it. 

Yes, yes, yes! my dragon-mother moaned. Matar's big girl-dick! 

Cum in her, Mother! I gasped. Gods, just cum in her... Yes!

I erupted.

My mother howled.

Pleasure slammed through me as I bred Bethie's married pussy. I put a child first in the daughter and now in the mother. I groaned, my seed pumping out of me. Rapture rushed through me. Stars burst across my vision as I shuddered through this bliss. It was incredible to enjoy. My mind melted from the rapture of it. I groaned from the sheer bliss of this moment. It was amazing. Just a fantastic ecstasy.

Gods, yes! Bethie moaned, her face contorting from the ecstasy. Oh, gods, that's amazing. I love it. yes, yes, yes! You're breeding me.

He is! my mother groaned. Oh, and that ass... Milk out all my hermaphrodite-cum.

Mmm, purred Bethie.

I groaned. My chest rose and fell. I savored this pleasure. I had emptied in her. Bred her. I stared up at her, big boobs swaying back and forth. I admired this moment. I knew it wouldn't be long before she was searching out her son to fuck. 

He would have a wild time with his sexy mother. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pyrriah  Vilianth Ocean

I can't believe we're doing this, Nelli moaned. She was the first mate of the Treasure Box, sister-wife to Captain Telesi.

But she wasn't the same sister-wife I was to Lasla. Nelli and Telesi weren't real sisters. Just two women who married the same man. Of course, Delli and Alli were sisters. And they were as naked as their mother. All three of them had just finished stripping naked in the cabin I shared with my brother.

It was the third day of the voyage. We were almost out of the Jyou Sea and into the more dangerous Vilianth Oceans. We would stay near to the coast where the massive sea serpents rarely approached.

I wasn't worried. Ships sailed this way all the time.

I was more excited for the wild fun to come.

You want my cock, Kurtis said as he stood behind the three naked halflings, then you and your daughters have to please my sisters.

It's not like we haven't eaten cunt before, Alli said. She was so cute. Though the youngest, she had huge breasts. Even on her small stature, they looked so big and soft, her skin the same shade of bronze as her sister and mother. She also had the same silvery hair as her mother.

I know, Delli said. The older sister had golden hair instead of silver. That must be their deceased father's coloring. She had a bush, unlike her younger sister. A thick matting of golden curls that hid her pussy. But we've never done it while Mom was in the room. Or each other.
Don't be shy, I moaned, spreading my legs wide. Just come and eat my pussy.

Mmm, yes, moaned Lasla, her left leg sliding over my right. Devour my cunt, Alli. If you make me cum hard, and you'll get my brother's dick in your cunt.

But your mother's first, Kurtis said. He put his hands on Nelli's shoulder. His cock must be nudging into her shoulder blades, she was so short. But she had ripe, round breasts. The same size as Delli's. She might have a child's stature but she had a mature woman's build, her bronze and lush face framed by her silver hair. You're going to squeal on my dick as your daughters eat out my sisters.

Yes, Nelli moaned. Girls, you listen to him. Telesi won't stop talking about his cock to me.

When she's not too busy fucking Tormin, muttered Alli. I can't believe Mother Telesi is fucking our brother like that. 

Tormin was Telesi's son and half-brother to Alli and Delli.

Yeah, Kelesi is getting jealous, Delli said. Kelesi was Telesi's daughter. There are a lot of halflings on this ship, but I was keeping them straight.

I think she's going to be enjoying her brother right now, Kurtis said. I gave her some encouragement.

And a pussy full of cum? Lasla asked.

Our brother winked at Lasla and me.

Go, girls, moaned Nelli. I want to be fucked. Your mother needs dick, too. This dick!

Come and eat my pussy, Alli, crooned Lasla. Show me what a naughty halfling like you can do to a girl.

Fine, Alli said. She glanced past her naked mother to her nude sister. This is weird, but... I mean...

He's going to make us do it to enjoy his cock, muttered Delli, so we might as well enjoy it. I mean, is incest that bad?

I smiled. They would be eating each other's cunts and their mother's by the time they left here. I was so glad they realized it. That made this even hotter. My pussy clenched. I could feel that strange fire inside of me.

I had skill with weapons I had never touched. I was giving my brother lessons on the deck when he wasn't working his way through the women of the ship, breeding them all. The Treasure Box would have to be put into dock for a while once most of the crew were too pregnant to work it. 

Delli and Alli broke from their mothers. Busty Alli fell between Lasla's thighs and crawled to my sister's black-furred muff. Lasla licked her lips, eager to get devoured by the halfling. I was, too. Delli's round breasts swayed as she shuffled forward on her knees. Then she bent over, her gold hair spilling over my legs.

She buried her head into my bush. I gasped as her lips kissed at my cunt. She placed that hot mouth right on my snatch and kissed around me. It was incredible to feel. I groaned as she fluttered her tongue up and down. She licked and lapped at me. She drove me wild. I groaned, my body trembling on the bed.

Oh, my Gods, yes! I moaned as she licked and lapped at me. That's good. Ooh, just like that. Devour me!

The halfling's lips felt so small on my cunt. So different from having my sister's mouth on my pussy. Or my dragon-mothers. Or any one's. Her lips smooched around me. Then her tiny tongue licked at me, caressing through my folds.

Slata's hairy cunt! my sister moaned. Ooh, Alli, that's so hot. Your tongue feels so good in my cunt. Swirl it around in me.

Yes, yes, I moaned in agreement, my own body trembling from the delight Delli stirred in my snatch.

Kurtis pushed Nelli down onto the bed. She knelt there, her silver hair spilling around her face. She looked so tiny as he knelt behind her and aimed his cock at her cunt. With a hard thrust, he buried to the hilt in her.

She gasped, her head arching as he filled her small body. He grabbed her hips, his pale hands contrasting with her bronze flesh. She had a metallic sheen to her skin. All the halflings did. Kurtis fucked her, Nelli's tits swaying.

She moaned her delight. She rocked back into him. She slammed her cunt down his cock and then slid forward. She did that over and over again, her hair swaying. She gasped and groaned, her hips wiggling. She stirred his cock around in her.

A shudder rippled through my body as the daughter feasted on my cunt. Her hands grabbed my rump, fingers so tiny. This felt so different. I loved it. I whimpered, my round breast jiggling as I swayed from the bliss. 

Oh, Gods, that's great, I whimpered. Oh, Delli, you're so good at that.

So's her sister, Lasla moaned, glancing at me. Ooh, Pyrriah, I love it. I'm going to have such a huge orgasm on Alli's mouth. Just drown her.

Mmm, it's so wonderful to drown in your cream, I moaned, a little tongue swirling around my clit. Pleasure sparked from that naughty bud.

Our heads leaned in, drifting toward each otherpulled towards each other by incestuous love and lust. Our lips met. We kissed. I groaned into Lasla's mouth as halfling sisters ate out our cunts. It was so hot to feel. I trembled on my back while the moans of the mother getting fucked by my brother echoed through the cabin.

My tongue danced with Lasla's. I swirled around her, savoring the taste of her. My heart pounded with such love for her while the naughty halfling had her tongue fluttering up and down my slit. Gods, that was such a small, but exciting, tongue.

Yes, yes, yes! gasped Nelli. Pater's big dick, your cock! Oh, Kurtis, it's true. You're a demigod, aren't you!

And they are demigoddesses! growled Kurtis as he fucked her hard.

Oh, this dick! Delli! Alli! You're going to love this dick fucking you!

I broke the kiss with Lasla to moan, You will! I love my brother's cock! It's such an amazing dick!

The best! gasped Lasla. Oh, it's the very best. Las's big dick, that's good. That's so good. Keep licking me like that.

I shuddered as Delli's tongue flicked up to my clit. She stroked over my bud. She touched me with such naughty skill. I groaned, my heart pounding in my chest. Her small fingers slid up and down my pussy lips. Then she thrust in her digits.

I shuddered as I felt her fingers pumping into me. They were so small. She sank more and more of her digits into me and then her entire hand was in my cunt. I shuddered, feeling her halfling hand balling up into a fist inside my twat.

She fucked it in and out of me.

Delli! I whimpered. Oh, Delli, that's good! Fist me!

Ooh, Alli's doing that to me! Lasla groaned. She's just ramming deep into me.

Not as deep as your brother! groaned Nelli. Oh, Gods, he's got a huge dick. Even for a human. Vedr's queef, I'm going to cum on him!

Uh-huh! I moaned, clenching my pussy down on the fist.

I couldn't believe how amazing this was. Delli had her arm plunged to the elbow in me. She fucked it over and over into my cunt. Her fist felt so wonderful as she massaged my pussy walls. I groaned, savoring the delight. I whimpered, the pressure growing and growing in me.

I squeezed my thighs around their heads. I held her tight, whimpering out my joy as my orgasm built. My red hair flickered, the glow surging through it. I bucked, my boobs jiggling as I savored this pleasure. Rapture built and built in me.

It was incredible being fisted by a halfling. I would have such a huge burst of pleasure. I groaned, eager for Delli to make me cum. I would blaze so hot. So wild. It would be incredible. I squirmed in place, on the verge of bursting.

Yes, yes, yes! I gasped. That's so good. That's amazing. Oh, my Gods, yes, yes, yes! I love it! Las's big dick, I love it!

I climaxed.

My red hair blazed bright. My pussy convulsed around that wonderful halfling's fist and arm. Delli sucked on my clit as my cunt massaged her limb. I trembled through my pleasure, waves of delight washing through me.

Oh, Gods, yes! gasped Lasla. Jam that fist into me. Oh, that's it. That's it. Yes!

She joined me, her boobs jiggling. She thrashed beside me, her left leg sliding over my right. We moaned together, both of us cumming hard. My mind melted with delight. I groaned, savoring every last second of this bliss.

So good! I gasped. Oh, Gods, yes!

Alli! squealed Lasla.

Kurtis! Nelli moaned. That dick. You're churning me up!

I want to feel that cunt writhing about my dick! Kurtis growled. Milk out my seed. I'm going to breed you. Your daughters. I'm going to knock you all up.

Yes! the halfling mother squealed. I could tell she was cumming, too.

My body bucked through my pleasure. My pussy writhed around Delli's fist. I shuddered, my body twitching through the bliss. It was so amazing. I licked my lips, my cunt on fire from the lust. It was such an amazing treat. I whimpered in delight, my body squirming from the wonderful ecstasy that she had given me.

Gods, yes! Kurtis moaned, burying into Nelli's cunt. 

Breed me! the halfling moaned, her silver hair flying.

Yes, yes, yes, Lasla whimpered. Breed her, brother. That's so hot.

Uh-huh! I panted, my orgasm hitting that naughty peak.

My brother groaned as he dumped his cum into Nelli's pussy. He growled out his pleasure. I knew he was enjoying himself. The glow in my red hair died down. I shuddered, panting. I blinked my eyes, savoring the rapture that had just rushed through me.

That was amazing, I panted.

Yes, it was, growled Kurtis. He ripped his cock out of Nelli's cunt. He turned her over onto her back and scooted away from her, his cock throbbing hard before him. Alli and Delli, lick your mother clean right now. That's a daughter's job.

The two halfling sisters trembled. Delli bit her lip while Alli pulled her arm out of my sister's cunt. My twat gripped Delli's. Her fingers twitched around inside of me, sending such teasing delight rippling through my body. 

You either lick out your mom or never get a taste of this dick, growled Kurtis, his voice so stern and commanding.

His tone brooked no arguments.

Alli groaned then her big boobs shook as she shifted over to kneel between her mother's spread thighs. Nelli just smiled and grabbed a fistful of Alli's silver hair. She yanked her daughter down to feast on her pussy.

Hurry up, Delli, moaned Nelli. Come lick your mother clean so he can fuck you. Trust me, you don't want to miss out on his cock.

Not at all, I cooed.

She shuddered and pulled her arm out of my pussy. I shivered at the withdrawal. Then I glanced over at my sister. She had a naughty twinkle in her eye. We melted together in a kiss. I held Lasla tight to me.

I loved this ship. My brother chose the correct one. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

Delli settled between her mother's thighs and then buried her face into that cum-filled pussy, joining Alli. The two sisters devoured Nelli's cunt. The incest before me was a thing of beauty. I groaned, pausing a moment to savor this wonderful sight.

My sisters were kissing. Lasla and Pyrriah had melted together, their breasts pressed tight. Their identical forms writhed together. Other than their hair color, they were almost impossible to tell apart. They were gorgeous.

Sexy.

I loved this ship.

The Treasure Box sailed us closer and closer to Ankush and the rakshasas. But first, we had to stop at Goldport. That was a few days away. Until then, I had a lot of fun to have. I had to breed all the halflings, too. I already had the two human women. 

I grinned, so eager for all the delights.

Yes, yes, yes, feast on me, moaned Nelli, lost to the passion of her daughters licking and lapping at her cunt. She shuddered on the floor, her body trembling through the bliss. Oh, that's so good. That's amazing. Don't stop. Keep licking Mommy. Yes, yes, just like that. Devour your mother's cunt.

My sisters twisted around into a sixty-nine, each eager to feast on the other's pussy. I smiled as I pressed my cock against Alli's pussy. She kept her twat nice and shaved. She had such a tiny slit, but I knew halfling cunts could stretch to take my huge cock. Her vulva was a plump delight that begged to have my dick in her.

So I thrust.

Yes! she squealed into her mother's cunt. Oh, Kurtis, yes!

Delli lifted her head, pussy cream and cum on her lips. She stared at me with lust as I fucked her sister hard. I pumped my dick in and out of Alli's cunt. I winked at Delli and placed my hand on her rump. I gave her a squeeze.

She shuddered and then buried her face back into her mother's pussy. She licked and lapped at Nelli's twat with hunger while wiggling her hips to rub her ass back into my hand. I loved the feel of her plump ass.

I groped her ass. She groaned, her body shuddering while I plowed into her sister's cunt. I buried hard and fast into her. I fucked her with passion. Alli moaned, her pussy gripping my dick. She felt amazing.

But... I had another sister to fuck.

I ripped out of her cunt, shifted over to her sister, and buried into that halfling twat. It was so hot watching her golden curls part to brush my dick's tip. Then her cunt swallowed my dick. I shuddered as I felt her sheath grip me. 

Yes! she squealed.

I know, Alli moaned. He's so good, sis! And so is our mother's pussy!

It is! Delli's twat squeezed about my dick. Gods, it's such a yummy pussy.

And you girls are such delicious pussy eaters, moaned Nelli. She squeezed her thighs around her daughters' heads, holding them to her cunt. Vedr's queefs, that's good. Oh, yes, yes, you're going to make your mother cum!

I grinned, loving it. I fucked in and out of Delli's cunt. My dick plunged into her twat again and again, her golden pubic hairs rustling. Her cunt held me tight. I groaned, savoring the utter delight of this moment.

But I needed to be in Alli's pussy, too. I had to fuck them both. So I grit my teeth and ripped out of one halfling sister's cunt. I shifted to the side and rammed into Alli's bald twat. She gasped, her tiny form shaking as I slid into her.

My cock felt so huge vanishing into the halfling's diminutive form. Her pussy swallowed every inch of me. She groaned, squeezing her snatch down around me. It was incredible to enjoy. I loved every second of it.

Yes, yes, yes! I groaned. That's so good. That's amazing. I'm going to just erupt in your cunt. I'm going to cum so hard in your snatch!

Mmm, good! panted Alli.

But first...

I ripped out of her, shifted over, and plundered Delli's delicious cunt.

Her silky bush felt amazing on the crown of my cock before I buried to the hilt in her snatch. Her cunt squeezed around my cock. She held me tight in her twat. I grinned and pumped away at her. I fucked her hard and fast. I thrust my dick into her pussy, reveling in her halfling tightness. She moaned into her mother's cunt.

Then I yanked my dick out of her, moved over, and buried into Alli's snatch. She squealed her delight, her twat squeezing about me. Her silver hair rustled against her sister's golden curls. They devoured their mother as I fucked them.

I fell into a rhythm. I went back and forth between them, fucking from cunt to cunt, savoring every moment of burying into one sister's juicy twat and then into the other's. My balls tightened from the thrill of the double-fuck.

Oh, ram your cock so hard into my daughters! Nelli moaned, her round breasts jiggling. Make them cum, Kurtis. Make my daughter's cum like the naughty, little sluts they are.

Yes, yes, yes! Alli moaned, her twat squeezing around me.

I will! I growled and pulled out of her cunt. In moments, I slammed into Delli's furred muff.

I want your jizz in me! groaned Delli. That wonderful cum breeding me.

My sisters moaned their agreement as they feasted on each other's twats. They devoured each other's cunts with such feverish delight. They moaned together, squirming as they loved each other. Their sisterly passion stirred me to fuck even harder.

My balls tightened. The urge to cum swelled every time I buried into one of the halfling sisters' cunts. They were both so tight but in different ways. Both so wonderful to experience wrapped around my cock. I loved it.

Gods, yes! the mother moaned. That's it. You wonderful girls. Oh, that's it. Yes, yes, yes!

Nelli bucked. Her round breasts heaved. Rapture spread across her face. Her two daughters had gotten her off. It was such a beautiful sight to witness. A mother cumming on her daughters' faces. They loved her that much that they gave her so much pleasure.

It was so hot to watch her thrashing as I went back and forth fucking her daughters' cunts. Alli and Delli moaned and groaned, their cunt growing hotter and hotter as they sucked at my dick. They brought me right to the verge of cumming.

But they needed to cum, too.

My sisters squealed, devouring each other's pussy cream. Pyrriah's hair blazed bright red, glowing with the energy spilling out of her. She squirmed atop of Lasla, both moaning into the other's pussy. It was such a sweet sight.

My balls tightened. Gods, yes! I growled, ripping out of Alli's cunt. Then I plunged into Delli's twat. Las's big dick!

Oh, Gods, that's such a huge dick! moaned Delli. Mmm, I'm going to cum on this dick!

I was so close! whimpered Alli. Please, please, ram that cock back into me!

I ripped out of Delli's cunt and plunged into Alli's. She gasped. Her pussy tightened around me. Then her flesh writhed and spasmed. I groaned at the feel of her cunt writhing around my dick. The heat rushed through my body as she sucked at me.

Gods damn! I growled, wanting to cum in her.

I ripped out of her cunt and then buried into Delli's cunt. I gripped Alli's rump, massaging her as she trembled through her orgasm. Her sister's pussy clamped down hard on me. The golden-haired halfling moaned into her mother's pussy.

Cum on his dick! Nelli purred.

Yes, yes, yes! Alli gasped, trembling through her orgasm.

I... I... Delli's pussy rippled around me. Vedr's queef, I love this dick!

Her cunt rippled around my dick. That wonderful snatch sucked at my flesh. I groaned at how hungry she felt. Her twat nursed on my dick with passion. I drew back and then slammed back into her cunt.

Gods, yes!

I erupted.

My cum fired into Delli's twat. I groaned, the pleasure blazing across my mind. I groaned through the bliss. I savored the ecstasy that flooded through my body. It was incredible. I bucked and shuddered, my dick spewing spurt after spurt of cum.

But I had two sisters to fertilize.

With a groan, I ripped out of her spasming cunt. My jizz splashed across her bush. I shifted over, my next blast of spunk bathed Alli's ass, pearly spunk dribbling into her crack. Then I slammed into her pussy. Her cunt spasmed harder.

Gods, yes! she moaned. Breed me!

Breed her, brother! Lasla cheered.

Yes, yes, yes! I growled, firing my cum over and over into Alli's writhing pussy.

Nelli watched as I fired all my cum into her youngest daughter's cunt. She smiled at me, knowing I had bred Alli, too. I shuddered in delight, my mind melting that the rapture of this ship. I had fucked two of the three older halfling females. I just had Malial and Shalial to breed.

They would be such a treat. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla

The coast of the Southern Rathay slid past us. It was different from the Northern Rathay Desert on the other side of the Gold Hills. Here it was more scrublands. Dry, but not sandy dunes that stretched for miles. There were thorny plants with leaves such a dark shade of olive they were almost brown. 

It was strange to think that it was faster to sail around all of this than to walk across it, but it was. We were nearing Goldport. We had to put in there to get more money. Then we were off to Ankush and the rakshasas.

Kurtis was confident he could handle them. I believed in Kurtis, so I had no doubts.

That's it, Kurtis groaned. He was getting his dick sucked by Malial, the ship's navigator. The halfling mother nursed on his cock. He had fucked her and her daughter, Shalial, two days before, leaving mother and daughter in a sixty-nine licking out cum.

Incest had spread across the ship. Everyone was enjoying it. Bethie had sex with her son and daughter, and Overia had sex with her mother, father, and brother. Tormin, the only male halfling on the ship, worked his way through his sister and half-sisters, along with his mother and the other older halflings, Nelli, and Malial. 

Kurtis had mastered the ship. His suggestions were like the word of god. They would sail him across the world, the women sucking his cock the entire time. I smiled as he finished dumping his dick into her mouth.

Ahead, Goldport lay on the coast. A city of austere, white buildings and a harbor of stone quays. Ships anchored in port, all shapes and sizes. The mines of the Gold Hills brought much of their wealth here. There were said to be homes of the rich where gold was used on the door handles. Entire rooms were sheathed in it.

I still didn't get the fuss. Gold was pretty enough, but worth anything? But all these people desired it.

I slid up to Kurtis. His arm went around my waist. His other hand adjusted his sword hanging from his other waist. He wore his scimitar with more comfort now after a week's worth of practice with Pyrriah on the deck.

That often ended with her getting fucked hard from behind.

So, how are we making money? I asked him, gazing out at the city sliding closer and closer.

Oh, I have a few ideas, he said and winked at me.

I shuddered. If he thought he could do it, then he would. I kissed my brother, utter faith for him brimming in my heart.

To be continued...
