Author: mypenname3000
Title: The God's Passionate Love Book Three: The Paladin's Passion, Chapter Five: Nixie's Naughty Price
Summary: Ahlona has to pay for their passage while her mage watches.
Keywords: FF MHF HHF fantasy magic oral voy exhib DP

Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to WRC264 for beta reading this.

Leywife Monica  The Mermaid Tickler, Lake Tur, The Kingdom of Valya

My lake water sponge bath had me feeling invigorated after the gangbang by the crew of the Mermaid's Tickler. Experiencing so much pleasure helped to ease the pain of losing my friends. They still throbbed in my heart, but I could face the continuation of our quest

We were nearing the western end of the lake and the river that would take us to the sea. The crew would sail through the night and wait until morning to takes us downriver. I padded down the hallway to the cabins in the small part of the boat beneath the stern deck. I reached the door to the room I shared with Alloria and Bryce. 

I opened the door and found Bryce asleep, lying on his back with Alloria snuggled up beside him. She was still awake. She rolled away from him and stared at me, her necklace gleaming about her throat, her large breasts piling into a pair of jiggling mounds.

I needed that, I said to Alloria, keeping my voice low. Thank you.

You don't seem as lost, Alloria said as I slipped into bed beside her. She stroked the amethysts. That's good.

I lay on my side next to her, staring at her. She had a distant look in her eyes as she caressed her recovered jewelry. She had gone so far to get it, hiring dangerous and deadly men to retrieve it from Illina. Maybe I should hate her for what she did: that disgusting Kurg and his bugbear rampaging through Raratha, the halfling thieves who tried to kill us, and then that warlock who had toyed with us all had worked for her.

Committed dark deeds on her behalf.

But she was changing. There was something in her eyes. This strange gleam. She looked lost now. Helpless. I placed a hand on her belly, rubbing her flesh. Her eyes flicked to me. She turned her head, her black locks spilling over her azure skin.

You miss her, I said. Illina.

Alloria plucked up her necklace. One of the amethyst gleamed in the moonlight shining through the small, round window. She stole this from me. It's important. The one thing I couldn't lose. I was terrified without it. I wanted to kill her for taking it from me. Wanted to make her kneel before me and beg my forgiveness. I was so desperate to get it back. I did all these things for it. I didn't care about the cost. And now...

Yes?

She let go of it. I don't care about the necklace one bit. I don't feel joy at having it back. I'm not relieved. This is my eternal youth. I'll age again without it. I won't be able to attract men to bed me. Men with power to give me what I crave. I'll grow hideous. Wrinkled. I'll eventually die. And yet...

There's more to life than wealth and ease, I said, rubbing my hand in slow circles. There's living a life that matters. That does something with meaning  beyond satiating our own wants and needs.

Protecting Pater on this quest?

More than even that. It's enriching the lives of those you're around. Your family. Friends. Your community. You can give back to those. Stop taking and, instead, discover the joy of helping others. Seeing their happiness will give you more than any gold can buy.

Alloria's hand grabbed mine over her belly. She pressed down. Maybe I should have a child with him. She glanced at the sleeping Bryce. Maybe I should be his wife. We're already bound together. And you don't mind sharing me.

Not one bit, I said, this husky quality entering my voice. Why would I? You're gorgeous.

She smiled. 

And... I don't feel like I'm the same woman I had been when I left Raratha. I'm so removed from lounging around surrounded by my servants and baubles. I just... existed. I did the same thing over and over again. There was nothing to my life. It's only now that I'm swimming so far from shore that I realize how shallow it was. I was just wading through life, hardly experiencing anything and now...

Now?

There's so much out here. So much I've discovered.

I know, I said and leaned closer. So many wonderful delights.

Our eyes locked. That magnetic pull of love seized us. I shuddered, my heart widening a little more. I could share my life with her and Bryce. Our lips met. This shudder ran through me. This wonderful tingle. 

We kissed, sharing this excitement. Our lips moved more and more, the passion building between us. I slid onto her, my round breasts pressing into her large boobs. Her thigh parted. I settled my belly against hers. My pussy rubbed into her shaved twat.

She was hot. Wet. So wonderfully slippery.

She hugged me as our tongues danced. We both moaned beside our sleeping man, her hands stroking my back. My ass. She grabbed my rump, pulling our pussies tighter together. I groaned into her kiss and tribbed on her. I ground my cunt against her twat. We humped together, working our hot flesh against the other. It felt so amazing. My clit throbbed and ached. I groaned, loving every moment of kissing her.

Our clits brushed. 

Sparks flared through my pregnant pussy. I made such sweet love to Alloria. The taste of her mouth invigorated me. The ship rocked as it sailed the lake while our clits rubbed together. We massaged them, ground them into the other.

I loved the feel of her wet folds on my bud. I flexed my ass, grinding on her with more passion. I savored tribbing with her. She groaned, her fingers digging into my rump. My pussy drank it in, the pressure growing in my depths.

I broke the kiss and moaned, Alloria.

Mmm, yes, yes, Monica, she panted, her red eyes sparkling. She breathed in. That musk.

I smiled at the sweet and tangy scents of our pussies filling the air. That rich aroma bathed my nostrils. The bed creaked and groaned as I stared into her eyes. I pressed my forehead on hers, our noses just touching.

I ground my clit harder against hers, rotating my hips. Our buds circled each other, sliding over our hot folds. Little waves of delight fluttered through me. My body tingled, drinking it in as I built towards a gentle orgasm.

Alloria, you're so hot. So wet!

Mmm, and you're not? Alloria gripped my ass tight. I want to feel those hot juices gushing over my cunt.

Yes! I gasped and ground harder on her.

Our bodies moved more, our pleasure building. Our breasts rubbed together, nipples meeting like our clits. More delight burst through me. I gasped, my breathing quickening as my orgasm neared with every second.

Whimpers. Moans. Shuddering gasps. All filled the air. We kissed again, wild as we built towards our climaxes. I wanted it so much. I wanted to shudder and cum with her. To fall asleep in her arms. My lips worked on hers as I ground my clit on her bud.

Her tongue probed deep into my mouth. Her fingers dug deeper into my rump. She pulled me tight. Our clits kissed over and over. Nipples brushed. I moaned into her mouth. I came closer and closer to that wonderful moment.

I broke the kiss. Alloria!

I know! she moaned. I'm almost there. Just keep rubbing against me. I'm going to cum so hard.

Yes! I panted. Oh, yes, yes, that's what I want. I want to cum so hard. I just want to explode.

She smiled up at me. Good. Ooh, this is going to be great.

Uh-huh, I panted. Just the best. Yes, yes, just like that, Alloria. Just a little more.

Saphique's juicy cunt, yes!

Alloria bucked beneath me. I felt her body trembling and knew she had arrived at her pleasure. I groaned and shuddered on her. I kissed her and ground my clit against hers. My bud burst with sparks. The pleasure burst in me.

Waves of gentle euphoria flowed through my mind. Not the wild tidal waves that Bryce stirred in my cunt. This was so loving and delicious. Feminine pleasure that only two women could share. I trembled, my pussy writhing and convulsing.

My juices gushed out, bathing Alloria's pussy. I soaked her and my thighs. The scents of our hot cunts filled the air. I shuddered atop her, the pleasure sweeping over my mind. I loved it. I kissed her with passion as I hit that pinnacle.

Then I floated into bliss.

I broke the kiss and smiled down at her. She smiled back up. We both needed that. Love. It was important. I had Alloria and Bryce. The three of us would save Pater and live happily ever after. I pressed my head down on her chest and breathed in.

I love you, I whispered.

She trembled beneath me. Thank you. I... I love you, Monica.

I smiled and closed my eyes. I fell to sleep cuddled with her, my body buzzing from the joy of our love-making. I knew the future would be bright. The Lawbreaker would be stopped. We would save the world. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ahlona  The River Whisper

It was midday when I spotted the island. 

I shuddered from where I stood on the bow of the River Whisper. The crew of nixies moved around it. They were all exotic, skin different shades of blue, their bodies always wet and gleaming. Their cocks tented the pantaloons they wore as they worked the strange ship they had.

Built of coral using techniques only the nixies knew. It was harvested from the vast coral fields outside of the Free City of Orcona, one of the cities that formed the League of Seven like Raratha. A loose alignment of the mercantile cities that ringed the Nimborgoth. 

I turned around and spotted Azure at the deck. She was giving orders. A nixie joined me upfront. She dropped a weighted rope over the side. It had knots on it that she counted. When it stopped, she called out, Thirty fathoms!

My wings fluttered as we came closer and closer to the island, the boat slowing. The sails were drawn up to half and then a quarter canvas. The sailor kept calling out the depth. Soon it was twenty-five fathoms then twenty fathoms. And then it was fifteen fathoms and the sails were reefed. An anchor was thrown overboard.

We were close enough to see Illina and Stefan sitting on the beach by a fire. They were waiting for us. A tremble of delight ran through me. I had done it. I had found us the ship that would sail us after that dastardly Bryce.

Anger flared through me. My golden halo burst with furious light. 

SMACK!

I gasped at the sudden spank landing on my rump. I whirled around to see Azure standing behind me, a big grin on her blue face. The nixie licked her lips as she stared at my naked tits jiggling before me.

Now, let's see if I get that angel pussy, she said, her cock tenting the front of her pantaloons. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Stefan Halian  The Black Island

I watched as a longboat rowed out from the strange ship. The vessel was made of pink and purple material. All shiny. And it rode so low in the water. Didn't they worry about waves? I stood up, shaking my head in shock.

How does that thing float.

It's a nixie boat, said Illina. Floating is just a suggestion with their boats. They don't always sail above the waters. Out in the Nimborgoth, they can dive them down and sail currents beneath the sea. Nixies can breathe water, after all.

Not comforting for us, I muttered.

Well, are we on the Nimborgoth? asked Illina, a bright smile on her face. 

True, I said. Still, that is not the vessel I would have thought she would procure.

Illina barked a laugh. She probably saw their dicks and just had to be on that ship.

Ahlona's not like that, I said.

Oh, Stefan, every woman is like that. Illina smiled at me. Many just like to pretend they don't get as horny as men. I'm not saying she let them all ride her hard.

Of course not.

Because you have that pussy locked up, Illina said and giggled. She couldn't cheat and find something better.

I see your humor is coming back, I said, smiling.

Yeah. Then she sighed. Sort of. It's still there. Like there's a part of me that half expects I'll turn around and see him, and then...

The grief comes on you again. The memory. It does ease. That's all I can say.

Yeah, she said. 

The nixie longboat rowed to shore. Ahlona was in the bow. She launched herself into the air as they reached the beach, wings flapping hard. Then she landed before me, her fiery hair swaying about her face.

Stefan!

She threw her arms and wings around me, hugging me with both sets of limbs. Her feathers rustled about me as I pulled her tight. I held her as she looked up at me. She bit her lower lip. I furrowed my brow.

What.

I made a deal with the captain, Azure, Ahlona said. To, um, get her to sail out here and pick you up.

Oh? I asked. Money? I pulled the gold that we used to break down the door and escape the vault. I reshaped it into bars. So payment's not an issue.

Ahlona tensed. She fucked me in the ass with her girl-dick.

I see, I said, my cock twitching. I never wanted another man to fuck her, but a woman with a dick... Damn, it was so exciting. I glanced at the nixie standing at the prow now. She had large breasts swelling the pink band of cloth tied around them. A curvy and shapely woman who also had a dick. That's fine. I just wish I could watch.

Well... Ahlona swallowed. Her price to

So you're the man who owns the angel's pussy, the captain called. She leaped from the boat and landed in the water. She marched onto the shore, her big boobs heaving. Her hardon tented the front of her pantaloons, a big and throbbing shaft.

That I am, I said. Stefan Halian. Thank you for your rescue, Captain.

Azure's fine, she said, putting her hands on her hips. She tells me you need sailing towards Southern Althis. You want to visit the Tribes of Ilt? Those barbarians are dangerous.

Um, well... Ahlona turned to face Azure. We're actually sailing for Black Spire.

Azure's face blanched. The size of her bulge diminished. Henta bugger my asshole.

No, no, I said. We do not need you to sail us to the Black Spire. You can drop us off on the eastern shore of Southern Althis. At Noliana Bay is where we need to go first.

That's it? said Azure.

I have business with the tribes. We'll see if we can't convince any of them to take us to Dire Bay. Some of them go there for manhood rites.

We'll lose time on him, said Ahlona.

No choice, I said. I had to get rid of this curse on me. Hopefully, we can sail around Althis Isle faster than him. Nixies have fast craft.

Well, Noliana Bay I can do for you, said Azure. I get to fuck your angel's pussy every day of the voyage, though.

No gold?

Oh, no, I just want that angel pussy. She smiled. So does my crew.

I have this gold, I said, pointing to the stacks.

Can all that gold buy me the chance to fuck angelic cunt? asked Azure. Her bulge was growing again. She put a hand on my angel's hip. It's priceless. She's divine. Being in her asshole was incredible, but her pussy...

Fine, I said, my dick throbbing. So long as I can watch.

She can suck your cock while I do it, said Azure. I don't mind sharing. She's your angel. A shiver ran through Azure. What did you have to do to get one? Did you steal her from Slata?

You just have to agree to save a god, I said and reached beneath my robes. I pulled out my mother's rainbow amulet I wore about my neck. The key to Ahlona's chastity belt hung beside it, the gold gleaming in the morning sunlight.

Agree to save a god, Azure said. No wonder you're doing something as dumb as going to the Black Spire. But... Her eyes flicked to Ahlona. For angel pussy, well, I might be convinced to do it myself.

I found myself laughing. She's worth it, that's for sure. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ahlona

Joy rippled through me at Stefan's words. My wings flapped in delight. I was worth risking so much danger for. I beamed at him, my halo shining with my joy. It flooded over him, painting over his features as he pulled off his necklace and brought the key to my belt. 

CLICK!

I shuddered at the sound of the key sliding into the lock. Then the twist. My chastity belt vanished in a burst of golden motes. They rained down my thighs and spilled towards the sand at my feet. I trembled there, a wave of delight rushing through me. My toes flexed and dug into the sand of the beach as I shivered.

Mmm, that's delicious, Azure said from behind me. Yes, yes, that rump you have, Angel. That is a delicious ass.

Thanks, I said, shivering as her hand squeezed my rump.

But that's not what I need, is it?

No, I moaned, glancing at Stefan. 

He grinned at me, nodding. He was excited to watch me with the hermaphrodite. A shiver of heat washed through me. My angelic wings fluttered. I shot my hands to his belt. I unfastened him. I thrust them open and stared down at his cock thrusting out hard before him.

I licked my lips hungering for his cock. It was so big and powerful, a gift from our divine father. I fell to my knees on the beach, my wings flaring wide. I grabbed his dick with my right hand and brought it to my lips. I leaned over, thrusting my ass out at Azure.

Cloth rustled behind me. Stefan's eyes lifted up from me to stare at the stripping nixie behind me. This wicked heat swept through my body. I kissed at his cock. I licked and fluttered my tongue around him. I bathed him with my passion.

Knees hit the sand behind me. I shuddered as a cock smacked into my rump. Thick and hard, the throbbing hermaphrodite-dick that would fuck me with passion. My pussy clenched as the tip of the cock slid down my butt-cheeks and then nuzzled into my pussy folds.

I shuddered as she pressed into there. My cuntlips spread and spread. This wicked heat swept through my body. I groaned as Azure penetrated me. My lips opened wide. I swallowed Stefan's cock and moaned around his girth.

Matar's big dick! gasped Azure as she speared in me.

I know, groaned Stefan, his hands sliding through my fiery hair. He stared down at me with those dark eyes of his. He smiled as I suckled on him. Just the best, isn't she.

My wings fluttered for joy and my halo pulsed gold.

Yes! gasped Azure, her girl-dick sliding to the hilt in me. I clenched down on her cock, loving the feel of her in me. Her feminine fingers gripped my hips. Oh, yes, I'll sail you to Noliana Bay.

She drew back.

I squealed around the cock in my mouth. I sucked hard on it, nursing with hunger. Drool ran down my chin. Pussy juices dribbled down my thighs. Azure thrust her cock back into me. My cunt clenched down on her, drinking in the friction.

It felt wonderful in me. I bobbed my head, nursing on Stefan's cock. I let go of his shaft and planted my other hand on the sand. I rocked between them, my tits swaying beneath me. Azure moaned and Stefan groaned as my body pleased them.

Gewin's mighty cock! groaned Stefan, holding tight to that fistful of hair. Ahlona! Gods damn!

His hips thrust forward. He fucked his dick into my mouth. I groaned, loving it. My cunt clenched down on Azure's cock. I reveled in her big shaft filling my pussy. She rammed into me again and again, her crotch smacking my butt-cheeks.

I rocked between them as they fucked my holes. I was impaled on them both, loving it. They fucked me, driving cocks into my naughty places. My twat reveled in Azure's thick shaft. She reamed my cunt. She filled me up with her big hermaphrodite-dick. This wonderful heat swept through me. I wiggled my hips from side to side, stirring those shafts around in me.

My wings fluttered. My breasts swayed beneath me. I sucked and slurped on Stefan's cock ramming to the back of my throat. He groaned, his open robes rustling. I stared up at him and loved the pleasure on his face.

Gods damn, Ahlona! he panted. Gods damn, you make everything exciting.

I squealed in delight, so glad I could please him. I wiggled my hips, stirring my cunt around that naughty cock that fucked into me again and again. Stefan thrust harder. His cock hit the back of my throat.

Kept going.

He slid down my gullet. I whimpered in delight, drool running down my chin. It was amazing to experience deep-throating his cock while a hermaphrodite-dick fucked my cunt. This wild heat washed through my body as they used me.

Ahlona, yes! he groaned as his balls smacked into my chin. His wiry bush rubbed on my lips and nose. 

I breathed in his musk.

Yes, yes, yes! gasped Azure. Angel pussy! Henta's spurting cock and Matar's mighty dick, yes!

The nixie fucked me harder. She buried her dick deep into me. It was incredible to enjoy as Stefan fucked his cock down my throat over and over again. His balls smacked into my chin. He grunted and groaned. 

I moaned around his cock, humming to massage his shaft plunging down my gullet. I shuddered, my snatch squeezing down hard on Azure's thick cock pummeling my cunt. Pleasure washed through me as I came closer and closer to cumming.

It was so naughty to do this.

My fingers dug into the sand.

Pussy cream ran down my thighs. Drool spilled over my chin. They both thrust into me. My tits swayed. My cunt clenched down on Azure's girl-dick. I moaned around Stefan's hard cock. He buried down my throat again.

Gods, yes! he groaned.

Matar's spurting cock! panted Azure. This pussy. This wonderful angel pussy!

She slammed to the hilt in me and erupted.

Hermaphrodite-seed pumped into my cunt. Hot blasts of Azure's jizz pumped into me over and over again. I gasped at the delight. My pussy squeezed down on her erupting cock. A wave of bliss washed out of me and triggered my rapture.

I climaxed.

I squealed around Stefan's cock. I sucked so hard on him as the pleasure rushed through my body. My halo burst with light. My wings flapped. Drool spilled down my chin while stars burned before my eyes. My cunt spasmed and writhed around Azure's erupting dick. She pumped me full of her seed.

Ahlona! Stefan groaned, pulling back until only the tip of his cock was in my mouth.

My tongue danced around it. I nursed on him as the pleasure drowned my mind. My cunt wrung at Azure's girl-dick, working out her cum. Stefan groaned. His hands grabbed the side of my face. He threw back his head.

Erupted.

I gulped down his hot cum as Azure dumped the last of her jizz into my pussy. Another orgasm burst through me as I guzzled down my Stefan's seed. I reveled in that salty flavor. It warmed down to my stomach as new waves of bliss washed through me. 

Gods, yes, Ahlona, Stefan groaned, his face twisting in pleasure. You're amazing. Love you.

Such joy drowned me. I quivered in delight, the heat surging through my body. Intense bliss consumed every bit of me. My cunt rippled and writhed through the bliss. It was an astonishing rapture. My snatch worked out every drop of cum that fired into me.

It was astonishing. I loved it. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Illina  The River Whisper

I watched the Black Island slide past as the ship sailed west for the Equath River. I leaned on the railing and closed my eyes. I pictured Barg. I had never met a man more faithful and loyal. To my mother. To me. Who could ever replace him?

No one.

I rubbed at my belly as the wave of grief washed through me. This longing ache filled me. Then my hand drifted to the dagger in the sheath that Stefan had made for me. I had one more job to do. No wealth awaited me. No grand score. 

Just satisfaction.

Maybe I would coat Bryce's heart in bronze. Keep it. Put it up on my mantle so I could stare at the black thing whenever I wanted. My body shook as the rage swept through me now. I didn't know I could hate like this, but I did. I wanted to rip him apart sinew by sinew.

It would be glorious.

A job to end all jobs. What more would I need in life? Saving Pater and killing Barg's murderer. What heist could compete with that?

Mmm, you have that Tuathan coloring, said a purring voice behind me.

I like Tuathan, a second said. Their women are passionate. Are you passionate?

I turned around at the heat in their voices. I found two of the nixie sailors eyeing me. They both had grins. The one on the right had short, light-green hair and round boobs while the one on the left was bustier, her tits stretching out the band of purple cloth she wore about it.

And her cock left a huge bulge in her pantaloons. 

Have you ever had two cocks at once? big tits asked.

Of course, I said, stretching. What do I look like? Some Saphique prude who only likes licking pussy.

Mmm, that's fun, said the second. Her short hair swayed. Were both of those cocks in your pussy at the same time.

The anger transformed into lust as my pussy clenched. Two cocks in me at the same time? That's something you do.

Oh, I love sharing pussy with Wave, big tits said, glancing at the short-haired nixie.

Yes, Foam and I love sharing pussies. Wave licked her lips, this hungry look in her purple eyes. Care to find out?

A smile grew on my lips. My pussy clenched at the idea of being that stretched open. It would be like taking Barg's knot, only it would be the entire time. The rhythm of my heart sped up, gears clicking away in my head.

If you can handle me, I said. I'm fiercer than a Tuathan woman.

Oh, we'll be drowning you in nixie-cum, Foam declared and reached behind her. she undid her breast band. Her big tits spilled out, both of them swaying back and forth. 

You'll be drenched in it, Wave promised as she shoved down her pantaloons. Her girl-dick popped out, thrusting from the hairless folds of her pussy. She had a sky-blue hue to her skin while Foam had the deeper blue of the ocean. 

Drench away, I said.

Wave grinned and freed her round tits. Her nipples thrust hard, a dark shade of blue, almost midnight. At the same time, Foam freed her clit-dick. Her big cock popped out, twitching and throbbing before her. I licked my lips, salivating for this.

Sex was a great way to pass the time and stop dwelling on things.

They grabbed my toga. I shuddered and let them unwind me, turning in place as they revealed more and more of my nubile flesh. My small breasts came into view, perky mounds that quivered. My nipples were hard. Foam ducked her head down, her white hair spilling about her deep-blue face.

She latched onto my nub and sucked.

I gasped.

A moment later, Wave joined her. The two kept unwinding the cloth, working it around my body as I stood in place, moaning as they did it. Their mouths felt amazing on my nipples. They sucked with hunger. Their wet hair brushed my small breasts. 

The cloth fell from me and landed with a clink, heavy with my various tools. They stroked me. Touched me. I groaned, loving the way they caressed me. Their touch had me shivering. My pussy clenched at the way they pleasured my nubs.

They suckled with hunger. Their mouths felt so wonderful on me. I squeezed my eyes shut, moaning, Cernere's black cunt.

I felt their suckling in my cunt. Every time they nursed, those wonderful lips sealed so tight about my nub, my pussy clenched. My juices flowed, feeling the air with my salty scent. I shuddered and leaned against the railing.

The water sloshed against the hull. Droplets splashed on my back, cool on my feverish skin. My pussy cream ran hot down my thighs. I moaned, loving their naughty sucklings. My head leaned back, my red hair fluttering in the breeze. My nervous system conducted the bliss throughout my flesh.

Wave popped her mouth off my nipple and her nose twitched. Is that the sea I smell?

Foam slid her lips off my other nub. Oh, my, is that your pussy? You have such a salty scent.

I'm not human, I moaned. 

Oh, that's a delicious aroma, groaned Foam. I miss the scent of the sea.

Yes! Sailing Lake Tur just doesn't have that wonderful scent. I miss it. Wave grinned. Shall we?

Yes! Foam moaned.

The two nixies fell to their knees before me. I groaned and shuffled my feet further apart so their heads could nuzzle in. Their damp hair caressed my inner thighs as they came closer and closer to my bald twat.

A pair of wet nixie lips kissed at my vulva. I groaned at the heat rushing through me. My small breasts quivered. Their tongues licked out. They caressed over me. I groaned, loving their licks and flutters of their tongues. They dragged them over me, teasing me. I groaned, the heat swelling through me. I squeezed my eyes shut.

Oh, yes, yes, I moaned. Just like that. Oh, that's good. Mmm, yes, yes, you two are going to make me cum.

Mmm, drown us in the sea, panted Foam.

Matar's cock and foamy cunt, yes! Wave moaned.

The two hermaphrodites loved my pussy. Cernere's black cunt! I moaned. Gods, yes.

Their tongues danced over my hot flesh. They licked at me. Lapped at my folds. They brushed my clit, sparks bursting from my sensitive bud. The pleasure rushed through me. They built it so fast with their naughty licking. I would have such a huge orgasm. It would be just the best. I craved it. I leaned back on the railing and let the bliss carry me away.

I closed my eyes, their tongues feeling so wonderful on my pussy. They stroked my hot flesh, building my orgasm. I would have such a delicious cum on their mouths. I would squirt juices. Just bathe them. It would be amazing. I groaned, biting my lower lip.

Oh, yes, yes, just like that, I panted. Oh, that's it. Cernere's nimble fingers, you two are enjoying my vault.

So tasty, Foam moaned.

Yes, yes, purred Wave.

A tongue flicked my clit. I gasped, my pussy clenching. My orgasm built faster and faster as they licked at me. Teased me. My nervous system fed on their stroking tongues. The rhythm of my heart beat faster and faster.

Every time they brushed my bud, sparks flared. Electric currents ran through me, powering the gears whirring in my mind. I shuddered, loving every moment of their tongues caressing over me. Bringing me to that moment of release.

Gods, I'm going to drown you, I moaned, hovering there. Yes, yes. You naughty nixie-sluts!

I climaxed.

Yummy! Foam moaned.

Salty goodness! purred Wave.

My pussy cream gushed out of my convulsing cunt. The rapture raced through my nervous system. Electricity arched through my mind. My gears spun so fast. They clinked and clattered, drinking in the ecstasy from my cumming pussy.

I bucked, my eyes shooting open. My small titties jiggled. I gasped out my pleasure as the two nixies licked at my pussy. They lapped up the cream gushing out of me. Their naughty tongues caressed over me. They lapped at me, drinking up all that wonderful delight that flowed out of me.

Gods, yes! I moaned, reaching that pinnacle of bliss. 

I leaned back on the railing, my butt on the smooth coral, and panted. They pulled their heads away. I heard the sounds of kissing, lips smacking together in feminine passion. A surge of heat washed from my pussy and through my body. My nervous system tingled.

So, two dicks in me at the same time, huh? I asked. How are we doing this?

The two stretched out on the deck, their cocks aimed at each other, almost touching. Foam's big boobs piled into two lush mounds. Her white hair spilled over her deep-blue cheek. Wave trembled, looking up from the other side.

Just slip between us, she said, a sparkle in her purple eyes. And we'll do such naughty things to you.

My pussy clenched and I slid down between them. My pussy was on fire. My blood boiled as I sank down on my stomach. The coral decking rubbed smooth against me. It felt like marble but also was porous. It was a strange substance to lay on.

Their cocks came in from both directions. I had Foam in front of me, her big boobs pressing into my little tits. Then from behind came Wave. Her round breasts rubbed into my back. I groaned at the feel of her nipples pressing on me.

My left leg lifted up in the air. Their cocks nuzzled in at my pussy from both sides. I shuddered at the feel of their girl-dicks nuzzling into my hot flesh. Two thick tips both wanting to enter my pussy. Excitement rushed through my nervous system, spinning the cogs in my mind faster and faster.

Ram those dicks in me! I moaned. Cernere's black cunt, I want you in my vault!

Ooh, yes! moaned Wave, her cock nuzzling into my pussy lips. My labia spread around her. 

Mmm, you're going to love this, promised Foam. Her cock pushed in from the other side. Both their tips spread me open more and more.

I shuddered between them, their breasts rubbing on both sides of me. Their bodies were damp with seawater, but not clammy or cold. They were so warm. Almost slippery. I shuddered between them, loving the feel of them then gasping as my pussy swallowed their cocks.

Both their girl-dicks penetrated my pussy. 

They sank into me. I shuddered, my body trembling beneath them. This wonderful heat would consume me. It would be fantastic. I bit my lip, the heat swelling and swelling in me as they plundered my cunt.

Their delicious girl-dicks reached deeper and deeper into my cunt. They stretched me out. My nervous system drank in every impulse that flared from my twat. I gasped and bucked between them, their nipples rubbing on my tits and back. I loved the feel of them.

Matar's big dick! moaned Foam.

I love sharing a pussy with you! Wave whimpered. Ooh, Foam, she's so tight. Gods, I love it. Love you.

I shivered and understood this now. They were lovers. Maybe even wives. They liked sharing women. This warmth spread through me as my pussy clamped down on their girl-dicks, squeezing them tight together.

Oh, yes, yes, yes! gasped Foam, her big boobs rubbing into my little tits. Wave! My gentle Wave, we're in her.

My sweet Foam!

Gods, yes! I gasped as they both bottomed out in me.

I had two thick hermaphrodite-dicks in me. I loved it. I trembled between them, my toes curling from the bliss of this moment. It was incredible. I loved every second of it. The heat swelled through me. I would have such a huge orgasm on their girl-cocks. It would be such fantastic bliss. I whimpered in delight, my cunt squeezing around them. I held them tight against me.

Then they pulled back.

They drew out of me, both their cocks stimulating my flesh. Impulses of bliss zapped through my nervous system. I gasped and moaned, my heart's rhythm going wild from the bliss of it. They stretched my pussy out so much, caressing every inch inside of me.

Then they thrust back into me.

Cernere's black cunt! I howled.

It felt so incredible having their girl-dicks plunge away at me. They fucked me with hard strokes. They buried into me again and again. The pleasure rippled through my body. My cunt squeezed down on their cocks, holding them tight in me.

That wonderful bliss swelled through me. It was fantastic. I gasped and moaned, savoring every moment of it. My body trembled as they slammed into me. They fucked to the hilt in me again and again.

Matar's big dick! Foam moaned, thrusting harder.

Her cock slid out of rhythm with Wave's. They no longer plunged in and out of me at the same moment. They were slipping past each other in my juicy pussy. I gasped as they pistoned in and out of me at different rates.

Wave pumped away slower at me from behind. Her crotch smacked into my rump on her every thrust of her cock into my depths. I groaned, savoring that wicked delight. Foam's dick pumped away fast. She gasped and moaned, her face twisting before me.

Foam! Foam! Wave groaned. Ooh, your cock is sliding past mine. Illina, your pussy is making us so slick. You're such a delight to fuck.

Good! I moaned, trembling between them. You two aren't that bad, either. Ooh, yes, not bad at all. I'm going to cum on these girl-dicks.

Do it! gasped Wave. She thrust faster.

But so did Foam.

Their cocks worked in and out of my cunt, burying to the hilt in me again and again. I gasped, loving it. The pleasure flowed through my body. I groaned, my heart pounding so hard. Wild beats rippled through me, the heat sweeping through my body and powering the gears in my mind.

Yes, yes, yes! I gasped. Oh, Gods, your dicks. I'm going to explode on your amazing dicks. You sexy nixies. Oh, yes, yes!

They both moaned, thrusting hard. They buried their girl-dicks to the hilt in my pussy again and again. The pleasure swelled in me. That wild rush built and built. My clit throbbed every time Foam buried into me. Her crotch smacked my bud. It burst with sparks.

They showered over me. I reveled in them. They felt incredible sizzling in my thoughts. I trembled at my impending bliss, my toes curling. Their cocks stimulated my flesh. My nervous system buzzed with potential rapture.

Yes, yes, yes! I cried out as I came. Cernere's black cunt!

My pussy convulsed around their dicks. Their two cocks buried into my writhing flesh. Pleasure surged through my nervous system. Every bit of me electrified. The gears spun fast in my mind. My heart's rhythm pounded hot blood through my veins.

Their cocks pumped in and out of my climaxing flesh. They sent a surge after surge of rapture through my nervous system. My orgasms spilled from one to the next. Stars blazed across my vision. It was intense. Fantastic.

Foam! Foam! Wave gasped, hammering me from behind, her breasts rubbing into my back.

I know, my gentle Wave! moaned Foam, thrusting her girl-dick into my writhing cunt. Her large boobs rubbed against me, nipples caressing. Let's cum in her!

Yes! Cum in me! I howled, my body bucking between their damp forms.

Their cocks buried into me. Both of their girl-dicks were plunged to the hilt in my spasming cunt. My flesh rippled and writhed around them. Then they erupted. Twin blasts of hermaphrodite-seed pumped into my cunt.

I came harder. My nervous system overloaded with ecstasy. I bucked and spasmed between them. My naughty cunt worked at their two cocks. Both of them flooded me with their cum. The two nixies filled me up as I trembled between them.

Cernere's black cunt! I howled, my orgasm hitting this wild peak. I'm going to love sailing on this ship! Oh, yes, yes! You nixies are amazing!

You're going to be so popular among the crew! Foam moaned, her futa-dick spurting more and more jizz in me.

Sea, Creek, Sweet, Tide, Pool, Current, Blue, and Teal are all going to want to fuck you! 

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned. Bring on the nixies! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sir Bryce Cartith  The Mermaid's Tickler

The sun rose behind us, lighting up the mighty Cliffs of Tur that lined the west side of the lake. Cut through the escarpment was the Gates, carved by the Equath River on its journey towards the sea.

The Mermaid's Tickler rowed towards the entrance to the river. The sails were reefed, the sweeps out and driving the boat towards the head Equath River. The drumbeat out a steady rhythm that thudded over the entire ship.

The cliffs loomed higher and higher. We fell into shadows again as we approached the wide channel. The river had cut a massive gorge through the stone. It was so wide, three ships the size of the Mermaid's Tickler could sail abreast down it and still have room for more.

At the bow, the pilot signaled to the tiller at the stern controlling the direction. The ship turned to the left and then passed through the cliffs. Sounds echoed around the ship. Monica gasped in awe at the rocks rising up around us. Bands of browns and orange, even a layer of black, loomed over us.

We were coming closer and closer to the day when I would kill the Lawbreaker. I had everything now. Nothing could stop me. Lagu still cloaked me. She still upheld our agreement. It must sicken her, but she had signed the accord.

She had approved my vengeance and gave me all the aide and succor I needed. It wasn't my fault she hadn't pressed at who my target was. She just saw the chance to punish those who broke the law. So short-sighted.

The gods lacked vision. They just acted as they saw fit. Gewin fought who he wanted. Krab built what he desired. The Lawbreaker fucked whom he wanted. 

My hand clenched into a tight fist. The rage beat in my heart. I glared to the west, my entire body shaking with my fury. Soft footsteps padded up to me. Then a gentle hand rested on mine. Monica smiled up at me.

We'll see him punished, my love, she said.

I glanced at her, my eyes sliding down to her belly. Yes, we will. You're going to be so important to it.

I know. A look of sadness crossed her eyes. That was why my temple home had burned down. To stop us from being together.

That's right, I lied. And it'll all be over soon. A week, and we'll be at the Black Spire.

To be continued...