Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Bimbo App ~ The Black Stud's Harem Chapter Six: Harem of Bimbo Sluts Makes a Movie
Summary: The Black stud's harem of White bimbos make their first porno!
Keywords: MMF MF MMMFF MMFF mc oral creampie facial anal A2M DP inter wife cuck exhib voy

Copywrite 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to WRC-264 for beta reading this!

Dante Jackson

Damn, those glasses, Lamar said as he drew the naked Charlotte to him. 

The owner of Cool Jack Productions, the guy I was hiring to make gangbang porn with my bimbos, had a big grin on his face as he pulled the third of my bimbos to him. Charlotte was a cute brunette with glasses that only wore her cowboy boots. Her rump was a tight delight that wiggled as she was so eager for him.

You're gonna ride my big dick, ain't you? Lamar asked.

I tots will! Charlotte said. She bounced up and down and threw a look at her brother. I had claimed Kurt's wife and sister as two of my three bimbos. I'm gonna ride his biggie dickie, biggie bro! Ooh, ooh, Dante! Dante! I'm gonna ride his biggie dickie! Isn't that so neaty!

Yup, I said, my cock so hard as Lamar sat down on his desk. We were in the office of his production company which was rented out of a warehouse. Ride that big dick. You deserve to have that cock in you.

Yeppers, you do! squealed Janette, my first bimbo and Charlotte's sister-in-law. She bounced up and down, her black hair swaying. She had my cum dripping off her face, her round tits jiggling. They were a nice pair of C's, perky and gorgeous. Go for a ridey ride on his biggie dickie! Black cocks are just the bestiest best cocks! I lovey them so much!

She said that in front of her husband. Not that he got mad. He was as much under the power of the Bimbo App as his wife, made into a simpering cuck. It was hot fucking the White wife in front of her husband. She squealed on my ebony dick.

Lamar pulled out his cock as he sat on his desk. Charlotte clapped her hands together and squealed in delight. She bounced in place, my eyes locked on that gorgeous rump. Here was another White bitch I loved to fuck.

She hopped onto the desk and straddled Lamar. She grabbed his dark cock in her pale hands and pressed him up into her shaved pussy. She rubbed him back and forth, quivering in place. Her brown hair swept down her shoulders.

I lovey biggie Black dicks so muchy much! she gasped and plunged down his cock. 

She gasped as she took every inch of his dick. She squealed as she trembled on him, her body quivering. Her butt-cheeks jiggled as I moved in, whipping out my own big dick. I had to fuck her in the ass. She was an expert at anal. A Level 2 bimbo.

I pushed my cock between her butt-cheeks as she threw a look over her shoulder and beamed at me. I wicked at her as I found her asshole. She shuddered in delight as Lamar groaned. I thrust against the slut's sphincter.

Yippee! she squealed as her anal ring widened to swallow my cock. She took me with ease. Two biggie and Blackie dickies to lovey dove!

So lucky ducky! whimpered my third bimbo, Madeline. The blonde stewardess squeezed her big boobs as she watched me sodomizing Charlotte. Ooh, I wanna have dickies in me! I love having so many dickies in me!

She was an exhibitionist bimbo. That was how I taught her. She got off on being watched and fucked which made her perfect to be a porn star. I would have a harem of White bimbo bitches that would make me so much money thanks to the perks.

Guys would pay to fuck them and we would make movies about it. I would be rich. So would Lamar.

Damn, groaned Lamar as Charlotte slid up his cock, her asshole shifting around my dick. She's so fucking enthusiastic. They all are.

Yep, I groaned. I have the best White bitches in town.

Just the bestiest best! Charlotte moaned, her asshole squeezing and relaxing around me. 

I shuddered at the way she massaged my dick with her anal sheath. I could just stay buried to the hilt in her and let her work her bowels around me to cum. She was that good. An Anal Kegel Mistress. But...

Where was the fun in that? I wanted to fuck my bitch.

As my other two bimbos and the simp watched on, I drew back my cock. Charlotte moaned in delight as she plunged her pussy down Lamar's dick. The bimbo's tight asshole squeezed about my cock in such an exciting way.

I groaned and slammed back to the hilt in her bowels. I buried deep and hard into her asshole. She moaned as I did that. She gripped my cock with that hot anal sheath. It was a beautiful thing to enjoy. I plunged back to the hilt in her asshole, my crotch smacking her tight rump.

Two Blackie dickies in me! whimpered the bimbo. Ooh, ooh, that's so goody great! I'm such a lucky ducky plucky slutty! 

Damn straight, Lamar groaned. Shit, you're tight, bitch. Work that cunt up and down my cock!

Okey-dokey! squealed Charlotte as she rode his cock faster.

I loved it. I fucked the bitch hard and fast. I buried to the hilt in her again and again. I slammed deep and hard into her snatch, loving the way she held me. She gripped me with that tight asshole. I buried into her again and again. I fucked her bowels with force, savoring the way she squeezed around me. How she clenched that asshole and massaged me.

The pleasure swept down my shaft and soaked through my heavy nuts. They slapped into her taint as I ass-fucked the bimbo. I pounded her hard, the White slut gasping and moaning as she rode Lamar's dick. She had us both. She enjoyed us both.

Yes, yes, yeppers, yes! she moaned as she took both our cocks. Ooh, ooh, that's it! That's so goody great! You're both so biggie and thickie and you're fillying me all up!

Damn fucking straight, grunted Lamar. Shit, work that tight cunt up and down my dick.

Up and down and up and down, she chanted as she rode him, her asshole squeezing and relaxing around my cock.

I pumped away at her, reveling in every last second of burying into her tight asshole. She gripped me with her amazing sheath. I would have such a huge orgasm fucking her ass. I couldn't wait to spurt my jizz into her bowels.

I grunted with each plunge into her backdoor. I loved the way she wiggled her hips and stirred her bowels around my cock. She moaned and gasped, savoring both our big dicks. Lamar groaned as she rode him.

Those fucking tits, he groaned. And those glasses. That smile. Holy shit, she's going to be a fucking star!

Damn straight, I growled as I fucked my bimbo bitch's asshole. My women are going to make us rich!

Richie rich! squealed Charlotte, her bowels clamping down hard on my cock. The increased friction brought me closer to cumming. Yippee yay!

The other two bimbos cheered and clapped and squealed their empty-headed excitement as Charlotte slammed her cunt down Lamar's cock. I buried my dick into her asshole, my nuts so tight with my cum. I grunted, close to bursting.

I pulled back, savoring the velvety grip of her asshole. She massaged me with that tight anal sheath, bringing me closer and closer to bursting. To cumming so hard. I couldn't wait to erupt into her asshole and baste her bowels with jizz.

Ooh, ooh, I'm gonna have such a big cummy! she moaned. Big cummies on big dickies! Yay!

Shit, let me feel that pussy go wild, bitch, growled Lamar.

So wildie wild! she gasped and plunged down him as I buried my dick to the hilt in her bowels. Yippee yay!

Her asshole convulsed around my cock.

As she squealed in delight, I groaned at the hot flesh spasming around me. I drew back my cock, reveling in that hot flesh gripping me. She suckled at my shaft, massaging the crown of my dick. I grunted and buried back into her.

Fucking bitch, I groaned and erupted.

Shit! Lamar grunted.

Cummies in my buttyhole and pussyhole! gasped Charlotte.

We dumped our jizz into the slut. Pleasure slammed through me with each eruption of cum. Each blast of jizz was spectacular. Stars burst across my vision as the slut's amazing asshole suckled at my spurting shaft.

She bounced between us, bucking as we dumped her full of our jizz. It was a rush to pump blast after blast of jizz into her bowels. Her anal sheath rippled around me, working out every drop of cum that I had in my nuts.

Cummies! squealed Charlotte. So many nummy cummies! Yippee yay!

Fucking hell! grunted Lamar. That cunt!

Her fucking asshole, I groaned, pleasure hammering my mind.

I filled her up with my cum. I spurted into her again and again, loving this pleasure sweeping through me. It was an amazing rush to have all that bliss pumping through me. I grunted as her anal sheath milked me dry.

I erupted a final time into the bimbo's asshole. I ripped my cock out of her a moment later, stepping back. My dick bobbed before me. I glanced over at Madeline and Janette. I debated which one I would have such me clean.

Janette, get over here and suck off your sister-in-law's ass from my dick, I growled.

Okey-dokey, Dante! she squealed and bounded to me, her round boobs jiggling. The married bimbo dropped onto her knees. I lovey suckying your biggie dick oh so muchy much, Dante!

She swallowed my cock while her simpering husband watched on. I grinned in delight, loving cuckolding the pathetic man. He watched on, supporting his slut-wife as she bobbed her head and nursed on my dick.

Get that cunt off me, growled Lamar. I want to try some ass. That blonde's got a cute ass.

Ooh, ooh, who's Thatblonde? asked Madeline, looking around. She sounds so exoticy.

Fuck, you're a dumb bitch, Lamar said as Charlotte climbed off him. His cock emerged gleaming wet. I'm talking about you. Get on your hands and knees, blondie, so I can fuck that asshole.

Madeline looked around, so confused before I grunted, On your knees, Madeline. Lamar wants to fuck your ass.

Okey-dokey, she said with a biggie smile. If you can't have Thatblonde or Blondie, you can have me! The blonde bimbo dropped to her knees and wiggled her ass at Lamar.

Fucking airhead, grunted Lamar. He dropped to his knees behind her. Where did you find them.

That's a story, I said, savoring Janette's mouth working up and down my cock. She suckled on me with passion. She nursed on my dirty dick, her tongue buffing me clean. Just enjoy her.

Plan on it, grunted Lamar as he gripped the blonde's hips and thrust. 

The bimbo squealed in delight as he drilled against her asshole. It wasn't long before he popped into her bowels and sodomized her. Madeline quivered there as he sank deeper and deeper into her asshole. I grinned and left him to her.

I just enjoyed what my married bimbo did to me. I stared down at Janette and her brown eyes. I stroked fingers through her black hair as she bobbed her head, worshiping my dirty, ebony dick. She suckled hard on me, her cheeks hollowing.

She drove me wild with that hot mouth. I loved it so much. I savored this heat as she brought me closer and closer to bursting. My nuts twitched as she suckled with that hot mouth of hers. I groaned, reveling in it.

Your wife loves my dick, don't she? I asked the cuck.

She definitely does, Dante, he said. Honey, just suck his dick nice and good. You're going to get that cum you love!

She did love cum. I made her into a Creampie Lover Bimbo. She craved having cum spurted into her pussy. Just filling her up with all that spunk. I loved the way she suckled on my dick. She drove me wild with that hot mouth of hers. 

Going to give you so much jizz, bitch, I grunted. How does that sound?

She squealed in delight and suckled so hard on my dirty dick. She swirled her tongue around my cock, buffing off her sister-in-law's asshole. She polished my ebony pole with that hot mouth. I groaned as her lips worked up and down me.

Lamar hammered Madeline's asshole. The bimbo stewardess squealed in delight as she took that big dick in her asshole again and again. He fucked her hard and fast. He thrust into her with force. It was hot to hear. I loved the sounds as the slut suckled on my dick.

She nursed on me with passion. Her tongue swirled around my cock, driving me wild. I loved every last second of her nursing on me. I groaned, my face twisting in delight at how hard she nursed on me. She knew what she was doing to me.

Fuck, that's good, I groaned. Shit, that's it. Keep sucking, bitch!

Janette moaned around my dick and suckled with such passion. She nursed with all that she had. My nuts tightened as the pressure built and built at the tip of my cock. The bimbo swirled her tongue around the crown of my cock.

Fucking slut! grunted Lamar. Let me feel that asshole convulsing around my dick!

Okey-dokey! Madeline groaned. Ooh, ooh, we're gonna have such an amazeball landing! Yeppers! That's it. I lovey it. I... I... Yes!

The bimbo squealed as she came. Lamar fucked her spasming asshole as I savored my other bimbo's mouth. Janette suckled hard on me, her dark eyes staring up at me. She begged me for my jizz. I grunted and gave it to her.

My orgasm exploded through me. Rapture slammed through my body and crashed into my mind. I grunted as my cum flooded her mouth. Janette squealed around my cock before she gulped down my jizz with noisy swallows.

Fucking bitch, I grunted. Drink that cum! You're fucking husband's watching!

Yes, yes, drink all his cum, honey, Kurt said.

Janette gulped down my jizz, her eyes glassy with her lust. She gulped down my jizz. I grunted with each blast of cum. I spurted my jizz into her mouth, savoring this moment. The pleasure slammed through my mind.

Stars burst across my vision as the naughty slut gulped down my cum. She swallowed blast after blast of jizz. The pleasure rushed through me. It was a spectacular delight. I grunted with each eruption, savoring this bliss.

Goddamn, slut, I groaned.

Fucking bitch, Lamar grunted. He ripped his cock out of Madeline's asshole and stood. You got some fucking grade-A sluts, my man.

I grinned at him as I fired the last of my cum into Janette's mouth. Then let's say we make some fucking movies!

Hell, yeah, he said. I'll get my gear set up. Some static cameras. You really going to get the guys to fuck them?

I nodded.

I ripped my dick out of Janette's mouth and found my phone. Each of the three had a perk that let them schedule a gangbang with up to ten men. Janette even earned me a bonus when her husband watched for that ultimate cuckolding perk. 

I set them up as Lamar had the cameras filming. In fifteen minutes, the Black men started showing up. Lamar blinked as they walked in and all started forking over money that went into these mysterious collection boxes that my bimbos had set up. 

Holy fuck, said Lamar as he watched one guy thrust in five crisp $100 bills. They're paying us to fuck them not the other way around.

I grinned at him. I just made $15,000. More considering Janette's 25% bonus. Then there would be the sales on the videos. Added income stream. That money would be used to get more White bitches. I would expand my stable of sluts.

I would have a harem of White bimbo sluts. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Janette Bowman

Let's fucky! I moaned as I bounced on the mattress. One of three that were on the ground. Madeline and Charlotte were with me as the hunky, Black studs were all around us. There were cameras, too. Dante and Lamar both had them.

That was neaty, but...

Come and fucky us! I moaned.

We want all your biggie dickies in us, Madeline moaned. We love biggie dickies.

I lovey them in my assyhole, Charlotte added, pushing up her glasses.

Action, Lamar said and the men surged in.

I shuddered in delight as I knelt there, my round boobs jiggling. My lovey dovey hubby sat on his cuck chair to watch me getting gangybanged so hardy hard by all these hunky studly studs. I was so eager for all their ebony cocks to pound all my holes.

Strong hands grabbed my head. A biggie and thickie and ebony cock bobbed before me. I opened wide so he could thrust that amazeball dick past my lips. I squealed around his shaft, loveying him with all my might by sucking and slurping and sucking on him.

Fuck, he groaned as I suckled and slurped and loved him with my hot mouth. Fucking White bitches are the best.

Amen, groaned the hunky and studly guy behind me. His cock slapped down on my rump. I loveyed the feel of his throbbing dickie sliding over my butty-cheeks to my assy-crack. He pushed into the crevice. Gonna clap those cheeks!

I squealed in delight around the awesomey dick in my mouth. 

The other studly stud drilled his cock against my buttyhole. I shuddered as my naughty backdoor stretchy stretched wider and wider and wider until that amazeball dick popped into my assyhole. Rapturous heat melted through my pussy and flooded all happy through my body.

It was so hottie having cocks in both my holes. I was all spity-roasted on them. My boobs jiggled beneath me as I trembled, savoring more and more and more of that biggie dick sliding into my buttyhole. I moaned around the shaft in my mouth.

I was such a happy wife.

My hubby watched me loveying not one but two Black studly studs. I squeezed my assyhole around one cock as I suckled on the other I nursed on him with all my mighty might, wantying to have all the cummies I could drink flooding my mouth.

Shit, that's good, groaned the hunky hunk I suckled on. He grinned at me, flashing a gold tooth. His dark hands held the sides of my face. Damn, that's fucking good!

He thrust away at my mouth. I moaned around his dickie as he fuckyed my mouth. He thrust his cock in and out of my lips while drool dribbled all naughty down my chin. I squealed in delight, suckying on him. 

My hips wiggled, stirring my assyhole around the other hunky stud's biggie cock. He grunted, gripping my hips with his so strongy hands. He held me all tight as he drew back his dickie. I lovedy it oh, so muchy.

He thrust back into my assyhole as the other studly stud fuckyed my mouth. They were fuckying away at me from both ends. I squealed in delight as all the joyfully blissy happiness washyed through me. This was so awesomey.

I lovedy it oh so muchy much.

Shit, grunted the guy fuckying my buttyhole. Oh, shit, that's good.

It was so goody great. I was so gladly that he recognized how amazeying my buttyhole was. My hubby knew. He was watching me right now getting butty-fucked and mouthy-fucked and all spity-roasted by these two wonderful dickies while more hunky studs watched on.

Fuck that White bitch, one growled. Shit, I can't wait for my turn.

Going to fuck that whore hard, another groaned. Just pump her full of my cum!

Fuck, yeah, grunted the guy pounding my assyhole. He thrust his dickie in and out of me. I lovedy this so much. Goddamn, she's tight. Fuck, your wife's a whore!

I know, Kurt groaned. My hunny-bunny was so awesomey to let me fucky all these men. I mean, Dante owned me, so I had to do what he said, but it was so special that my lovey hubby supported me being gangybanged. He was the bestest best hubby in the wholly world. Fuck her hard! Give my wife all the cocks she needs.

So amazeying in. I lovedy him oh so much.

I squeezed my bowels down around the biggie dick pumping away at me. I moaned around the other awesomey Black cock. I suckled so hardy on that one as he plunged to the back of my throat. Drool spilled down my chin all hot and naughty. I felt like such a slutty wife.

Shit, the guy fucking my mouth grunted as he tightened his hold on the sides of my head. Goddamn, fuck, that's good.

He thrust his cock to the back of my throat. I gurgled and choked for a moment before he buried down my gullet like a stud. I squealed in delight as his cock plunged down my esophagus until his hairy nuts slapped my chin.

I lovedy that oh so muchy. I moaned around his cock as his pubic hair tickled my nose and cheeks. I breathed in all his manly musky musk. What a wondermous aroma. I clenched my assyhole down around the other stud's dick as I reveled in this scent.

Fuck, yes, the guy fuckying my mouth grunted. He drew back, his cock sliding out of my throat.

He plunged back in, his naughty balls slappying my chin. I lovedy the impact. It felt so wicked. I gurgled around his cock as he pumped away at me. They both fuckyed me so hard. I rocked in place, boobies swaying beneath me.

Madeline and Charlotte were all moaning, too. They were being fuckyed, too. Getting gangybang like me. The men were grunting and groaning and having such a goody great time as they pounded us or waited their turns.

I felt them lustying for us. They wanted us so badly. It was so hottie. I was so into this as they fuckyed me so hard. I rocked between the two studly hunks, reveling in their biggie Black dickies. They took me from both ends.

My climaxy delight built and built in me.

Shit, that ass! the Black stud grunted. He gripped my hips. Fucking love that ass, bitch!

I loveyed his cock. I squeezed my assyhole down on him so he could feel just how much I lovedy his biggie dick. It was just such an awesomey delight to feel fuckying away at me. He thrust into me over and over and over again.

I suckled and slurped on the other biggie dick. I shuddered, rising toward that biggie burst of delighty bliss. I wanted to cummy so badly I squeezed my bowels around one thrustying cock while I nursed so hard on the other.

Fuck, yes, the guy burying his cock down my throat grunted. His nuts slapped into my chin over and over again. I felt so happy to be used. That's it. I'm gonna blow my wad, bitch.

Your ass is fucking lit, grunted the other studly hunk. Shit, that's it. I'm gonna erupt.

He slammed into my assyhole. The heat burned so hottie and blazed through my pussy. I squealed in delighty bliss and climaxed. My cunty spasmed, juices gushing down my thighs as my buttyhole rippled around the studly hunk's biggie dick.

Shit, he groaned as I squealed around the other man's cock. He drew back. Fuck, that ass! Yes!

He buried back into me and erupted.

I lovedy all his cum spurting into me. It was so awesomey to have his jizz flooding my buttyhole while my mind all drowned in blissy delight. The other stud drew back his cock as I suckled so hardy on him.

Fucking bitch! he grunted and erupted.

I had two cocks cummying in me. It was so hottie and delighty and amazeying. 

I gulped down the salty cum, reveling in his delicious jizzies. I gulped them down as my assyhole writhed around the other stud's erupting cock. Hottie spunk pumped over and over into my buttyhole while my pussy juices spilled down my thighs.

I trembled in delighty joy. So much blissy passion swept through me. My mind drowned in it. I lovedy it oh so muchy. I swallowed cummies. Blast after blast of jizzies filled my mouth. I drank them all down like a goody slut.

The other men cheered. Wolf-whistled. 

That's it, I heard Dante say over the cries. Fucking sluts are doing amazing.

I squealed in delight, my assyhole milking all the cummies from one stud's dick. I gulped down the last of the other hunky hunk's jizzies. I nursed on him, wantying more spunk, but he had no more for me. He groaned and ripped out of my mouth.

Fucking whore, he groaned. 

Yeppers! I moaned. I'm a fuckying whore with a lovey hubby and an awesomey owner and... Cummies!

I stared at Madeline's hairless pussy. She had all this jizz spilling out of her. I wanted it so much. 

Madeline, sit on Janette's face and suck off some guys, Dante ordered. That'll be hot. Creampie action.

My man, Lamar called out.

I squealed in delight as the other nicey stud ripped his dick out of my assyhole. I rolled over onto my back on the mattress, the hunky studs all cheering us on. Madeline crawled over to me, her biggie tits jiggling. She straddled my head. Cummies dripped from her sloppy twaty and landed on my lips.

Yummy!

I licked up the cummies, savoring the salty taste flavored by something tart. Her pussy. Yay.

She planted her pussy on my naughty mouth a moment later. I lickyed her twat with such hunger. I gathered up the salty jizzies and her tarty juices. She squirmed on me, gasping, her biggie boobs jiggling over me. She grabbed a pair of ebony dickies.

Ooh, two cocks for me to lovey! she gasped. Yay!

She engulfed one while fisting the other. She worked her hand up and down that dark shaft while sucking hard on the firsty dick. She squirmed her sloppy pussy on my mouth. I licked at her twaty with hunger, gathering up all the jizzies I could find.

Then something oh so magical happened. A hard dickie muzzled into my pussy. My cunny quivered in delighty. Another biggie Black cock for me to fuck. I loveyed having dicks in my cuntyhole. It was so hottie when they flooded me with their cummies.

Fuck, the guy grunted as he thrust into my slutty pussy. Fucking your wife's cunt!

Enjoy, Kurt said.

Men laughed at that. I didn't get what was so funny, but I didn't really care. Not with a sloppy twaty to lick and a biggie cock fuckying my cunt. I squeezed my pussy down on the thickie dick, such delighty joy washing through me.

The stud grunted as he fucked me. His hands grabbed my boobs. He squeezed them as he pumped his biggie dick in and out and in and out of my pussy. I clamped my twaty down around him, reveling in that wondermous bliss washing through me.

Yes, yes, yes, he grunted as he fucked me. Goddamn, this White bitch is fucking hot.

I am! I moaned into Madeline's sloppy cunny.

I thrust my tongue into her twat and stirred around all the jizzies I found. I mixed up the salty cummies with her tarty juices. I lovedy the mix of flavors. I scooped out the special treat as the dick pumped away at my cuntyhole.

Madeline moaned as she suckled from dick to dick. She nursed on one Black cock then the other, her lips popping off with such naughty sounds. The men groaned as she lovedy them with her hot mouth. Her biggie titties jiggled and swayed.

Sucky those dicks, I moaned into her snatch. I thrust my tongue back into her.

I am, she gasped as she switched from the lefty cock to the righty dick.

I squeezed my pussy down around the thrustying dick. I lovedy that biggie cock fuckying me so hard. I lovedy it so much. I shuddered as he pounded me with that hardy shaft. He churned up my snatch.

I moaned with his every thrust into my cuntyhole. I tongued Madeline's twat, lickying up more of that salty cum from her tarty depths. I lovedy eating her as the stud fuckyed me. He thrust away at me with hard plunges, his heavy nuts slappying my taint.

I couldn't wait for all those cummies to shoot into me. That would be just the bestest best delight in the wholly wide world. I whimpered as he thrusty in and out of me as my tongue dancied around in Madeline's yummy twatyhole.

She suckled so hardy on the cocks. The men grunted. Groaned.

Fuck, that pussy, groaned the guy slamming into me. Gonna flood you with my cum.

Yay! I squealed, my orgasm building in me again.

My pussy clamped down on his thickie dick. Cummies dripped out of my asshole as I squirmed on the bed. He buried into me again and again, my thighs wrapped around him. The Blackie stud hammered my naughty twaty.

I licked at Madeline's snatch. There were less cummies to find. I thrust in deep, wigglying about in her tarty depths. I gathered up all the jizzies I could find. The last drops of a man's salty spunk. I whimpered, wantying more.

I'd have to fuck more men to get more.

I squeezed my twaty down around the thrusting dick and lapped at Madeline's pussy. She moaned and squirmed, her hands flying up and down the studly hunks dicks. She fisted those ebony cocks as she aimed them at her face.

Cum on me! squealed Madeline. Just cummy all over my cutie face!

Shit, the lefty stud groaned.

Fuck, yeah, the righty stud grunted.

I lovedy it. I suckled hard on Madeline's clitty bud. I nursyed on her as the hunk fuckyed my cuntyhole so hard. I trembled, about to burst with blissy delight. I nibbled on her pearl. She groaned as she fisted them en's dicks.

Cummy on my face! she squealed as her tarty pussy juices gushed out of her cunt.

She drowned me.

I licked and lapped at her cunt, gathering up all her yummy and creamy juices. I shuddered, the studly hunk hammering my pussy. I clenched down on him as my orgasmy bliss built and built. I was so close to burstying with happy rapture.

The two hunks grunted and came on Madeline's face.

Seeing their cummies splash on her features set me off. I detonated like fireyworks. My pussy convulsed around the hunky studs biggie dick. I moaned into Madeline's tarty twat as the ecstasy surged through me.

Yes! I gasped. Cummy in me!

Fuck, my hunk grunted as he buried into my cunt. You goddamn slut!

His cummies spurted into my pussy and splashed against my cervix. I shuddered, bucking in delighty bliss as he filled me up with all those cummies. It was just an amazeying moment to have all those rapturous passion flooding me.

My twaty hole suckled at him, workying out all his cummies. I lovedy him flooding me. I whimpered, my mind drowning in ecstaticy joy. It was so wondermous to have all this hottie delight sweeping through me.

Yes, yes, yesy yes, cummy on me! Madeline moaned as more jizz splashed on her face and biggie boobs.

I licked at her cunt as more and more cummies flooded my pussy. My cuntyhole suckled at the studly hunk. He grunted as he pumped every last blast cummies into me. I trembled in delighty joy at all this pleasure.

Yay! I moaned as the stud erupted one last time into me.

Fucking whore, he groaned and ripped out my pussy hole.

Madeline slipped off me, her face dripping in cummies. I was feeling so goody great as I stared at Charlotte. She was lying on her back, cummies spurting onto her belly from two guys. I wanted to feed her the jizzies in my pussy.

I rolled up onto my knees and crawled to her. Charlotte lickedy her lips as she stared at me, her eyes sparkling behind her glasses. I grinned at her and threw my leg over her head. I planted my naughty twat on her face.

Ooh, ooh, honey, your sister is lickying my pussy clean of all the cummies in me, I squealed, glancing at Kurt as he stroked his cock and sat on his cucky chair.

Yes, she is, he said as the men around us chuckled again.

What's so funny? I asked, my eyes staring at a cock that was right before me. I grabbed it and pulled it to my lips. Huh?

Your husband's so pathetic, the guy said as I held his thickie cock. He had a thick, curly afro that made him look so sexy. 

He is! I said with such enthusiasm then sucked his cock into my mouth.

I lovedy that biggie dick as my sister-in-law was so nicey. She licked and lapped and licked at my sloppy pussy, gathering out all the yummy cummies in me. I moaned around the cock in my mouth, suckying so hard on the ebony shaft as I enjoyed this pleasure.

A moment later, a cock nuzzled into my butty-crack and found my assyhole dripping with jizz. I moaned in delight as he thrust against me. My analy ring opened oh so wide for him. He popped right in, sinking into my bowels.

I moaned in absolute delighty bliss. I suckled on the cock in my mouth and squirmed on my sister-in-law's hungry mouth. I shuddered every time her naughty tongue lapped at my folds and sent such goody delight washing through me. All while that dick slid into my buttyhole.

I had so much cock in me. In my mouth. My assyhole I just wished I had it in my cunt.

Well, I had my sister-in-law's nicey tongue swirling around in my pussy and lickying out all the cummies she could find. Wasn't that so goody of her? I thought it was. I moaned around the cock in my mouth and squirmed on her to show her how much I lovedy it.

Mmm, she moaned as a hunky Black stud lifted her hips and thrust his cock into her pussy. Dick! Yay! 

I purred my agreement around the ebony dick in my mouth.

I swirled my tongue around it, loveying the flavor on his cock. My assyhole gripped the other cock that was all drawing back. The heat melted to my pussy being so deliciously eaten by my sister-in-law.
 I lovedy it especially when he thrust back into me and filled my buttyhole with such goody delight. 
Fuck, yes, he grunted as he thrust away at my assyhole.

I lovedy how he fuckyed me so hard. He pumped away at me, stirring up my naughty hole. I moaned around the dick in my mouth. I suckled on him with all my might. I nursed on him so hard. I lovedy the feel of him. He groaned as I did that. 

Yes, he growled. Fucking slut, nurse on that dick!

I winked at him and suckled. I bobbed my head, my lips working up and down his cock. It was such a fun delight to do that. I suckled on him with hunger. I nursed with such passion on his dick. It was fantastic to love him like this while riding my sister-in-law's mouth.

And getting butty-fucked so hard in the assyhole by a hunky Black studly stud.

I whimpered as his dick pumped in and out and in and out of my assyhole. He pounded me so hard and fast and hard. It was amazeballs. I whimpered around the cock in my mouth, slobbering on him as my orgasmy delight built in me.

Charlotte helped me out with that a lot with her lickying and lappying and tonguying my pussy. She did such naughty thingies to my cunty as she feasted on all the cummies in me. I whimpered around the dick in my mouth as she swirled her tongue around in my twat.

Yummy, she moaned as her studly hunk fucked her pussy. The Black guy pounded her pussy, his dreadlocks swaying around his face. 

Fucking whore, he groaned as he thrust away at her pussy. He churned her up, her juices all frothying on his ebony shaft. Yes!

Fucky me so hardy! whimpered Charlotte into my pussy. Yay!

Her tongue thrust into me and swirled around. I lovedy the feel of her doing that. It was so awesomey to have her doing that. I trembled through all this goody delight. I savored it oh, so muchy much. I quivered in delight as he feasted on me.

I moaned around the dick in my mouth, bobbing my head and working my lips up and down his wondermous shaft. The ebony cock fuckying my assyhole melted so much goody heat to my pussy mixing with all the delighty bliss Charlotte gave me.

I was such a slutty wife. I lovedy it so much.

I ground my shaved cuntyhole on my sister-in-law's mouth. She tongued me with hunger. She flicked through my folds, stroking me with such delighty joy. I whimpered around the dick in my mouth, suckying so hard on him.

Yesy yes, yes! gasped my sexy sister-in-law. Ooh, ooh, fucky my cunt. Mmm, I lovey it!

I bet you do, whore, grunted the guy. He said such nicey things to Charlotte. 

I do! She licked at my pussy, her tongue stroking through my folds. She brushed my clit. I lovedy the pleasure that burst from my bud. It's oh so wonderful to be a whorey slutty bimbo!

Damn straight, grunted the guy hammering my assyhole. And you love it up the ass, don't you, cunt? Love it up the ass while that fucking pathetic loser you married watches.

I moaned my agreement, clamping my buttyhole around his biggie dick. I suckled so hardy on the cock in my mouth, both of them driving me wild. Charlotte lickedy me with passion. They all did such wickedy nice things to me.

I lovedy every last moment of it. I was so gladly glad to have all this blissy delight swirling through me. I trembled, hurtling toward that amazey climax. I trembled, suckling so hardy on the cock in my mouth. My bowels clenched on the dick in my buttyhole.

My sister-in-law suckled on my clit. That was so nicey of her.

I whimpered, rising toward my orgasmy bliss. I trembled, my boobs quivering from side to side. I couldn't wait to just burst with all the cummy delights. I would have such a hugey one. I couldn't wait for all that blissy pleasures to erupt in me.

I wiggled my hips from sidey side, grinding my pussy on my sister-in-law's wondermous mouth. My assyhole clamped down hard on the cock fuckying me. I suckled hard on the ebony dick in my mouth, drool running down my chin.

Oh, yes, moaned my sister-in-law. She suckled hard on my clit.

Pleasure burst in me. I squealed in delight as my orgasmy bliss washed through me. A hot wave of ecstaticy joy poured over my mind. My pussy cream gushed out and drowned Charlotte as my assyhole spasmed around the stud's biggie dick.

Shit, he grunted as he buried to the hilt in my assyhole. Oh, shit, yes!

He erupted.

It was so hottie having all that cummy flooding into my analy sheath. I lovedy it. I squirmed on my sister-in-law's face, reveling in all this goody great delight washing through me. The cock in my mouth twitched.

Fucking slut! the stud I blew groaned. Hot cum spurted into my mouth.

Lucky me.

I gulped down all his cum as my assyhole spasmed around the other erupting dick. I had jizzies pumping into me from both ends again. I was so happy to experience all this blissy delight. I whimpered, Charlotte lickying at my pussy.

Cummies! she gasped.

Fuck! the studly stud with dreadlocks grunted as he buried into her pussy. Fucking whore! Take it! Shit!

I quivered as I took so much cummies, too. I gulped down salty jizzies while my assyhole suckled at the other erupting cock. Spunky seed pumped over and over into my buttyhole. I shuddered, my body trembling through all these blisses.

It was so awesomey.

I felt so empowered. Like I had just become even more of a bimbo. I gulped down so much cum. Just guzzled down all the delicious and creamy spunk I could. My assyhole milked the other Black stud's hunky dick.

Shit, shit, shit, he groaned as he pumped more and more of his cum into my bowels.
Oh, goody god, Charlotte whimpered. Yippee yay, that's so awesomey. Fill my pussy with all your jizzies!

The cock in my mouth erupted one last time. I shuddered, swallowing all those jizzies. I lovedy that delight. It was just perfecty great. I shuddered through all my pleasures, so happy right now. Just so thrilled to be enjoying all this blissy delights.

The guy in my asshole erupted one last time. I swallowed a final load of cummies. I trembled, loveying being gangybanged. It was so hot. Madeline squealed in the background. Charlotte moaned into my naughty snatch.

Her tongue was so awesomey as she lickedy at me.

The cock in my mouth ripped out of me. Drool ran down my chin. I shuddered as my pussy clenched. I needed a biggie dick in my pussy. Through all the men crowding around us, I spotted my husband panting.

I blew him a kiss before I moaned, Who wants to fucky my married pussy and make me cummy so hard and fill me with all your jizzies?

So many men wanted to do that. Wasn't that so nicey of them?

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Dante Jackson

I stopped filming and checked my phone. All three of my bimbos had hit Level 3. 

I smiled at that and glanced at what they would gain. Janette had the choice between Mommy Bimbo and Bukakke Lover Bimbo. I didn't want her bred. I wanted her to be fucked by as many guys as possible. So I chose the later.

Ooh, ooh, I need you all to cummy on me! Janette moaned. Just jizzy all over me!

Damn, that was hot.

For Madeline, she could choose between Gangbang Lover Bimbo or Yoga Bimbo. Why would I want her doing yoga? Another easy pick. 

Ooh, ooh, I want a dick in all my naughty wotty holes! the blonde stewardess moaned, her face dripping in cum. 

She squealed in delight as the studs made it happen.

Charlotte could become an Anal Kegel Mistress or a Maid Bimbo. So weird, but it was another easy choice. She was already an anal-loving bimbo. Now she would be the best at it. I chose Anal Kegel Mistress and watched her wiggle her rump.

Fucky my ass, she moaned. Please, please, fucky my ass!

Damn, Lamar said. We are going to make so much money at this.

Yep, I said. With the money I had, I could afford to recruit more bimbos. We should hit the spas. The places where the rich, White bitches go.

Lamar arched an eyebrow. Just like that?

Yep, I said, so glad I had the Bimbo App. I would have a harem of White bimbos. Dozens of them. Janette, Madeline, and Charlotte would be my top bitches, but I would have so many of them.

And they would all make me so much money. Getting the Bimbo App was the best thing that had ever happened to me.

The END
