Author: mypenname3000
Title: In Another World with My Bimbo App Thirteen: Kidnapped by the Horny Bunny Girls
Summary: Mark is kidnapped by the horny bunny girls!
Keywords: MF MFF mc inc oral exhib voy breed lac fantasy gamelit isekai magic viol

Copywrite 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my beta reader for helping out!

Mark Johnson

I dreamed I was being carried. Wrapped up. Cocoon. I wasn't scared. I should be, but I felt so at peace  as I heard the women carrying me. Women. Beautiful women from their gasps as they hefted me around. They were carrying me off.

To pleasure?

I wasn't sure. The sleep on me was heavy. Too heavy for me to wake up from. I felt groggy. Something weighed on me, keeping me asleep and dreaming. There was nothing for it but to let these sexy women carry me off to do whatever they wanted to me.

To ravish me.

I smiled at that wicked thought. 

I drifted through such sweet dreams as I pictured who they were and all the delicious treats that would be mine when we reached our destination. They raced fast. Almost bounding. One seemed to be in charge. She cried out orders.

Yes, Tsunade! answered her. Tsunade... What a lovely name. I bet she was smoking hot. And if not, I had the Bimbo App. I would just turn her into a bimbo. Spend the points to do it. I distantly heard something beeping.

Why does the device keep making those sounds? asked one of the captors. Tsunade?

Don't worry about it, she said. We have it. That's all that matters. Hurry!

Yes, yes, hurry me off to your bower so that we could make sweet, sweet love. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Tsunade

I led my bunny girl warriors as we raced through the dark. The magical device in my pouch beeped again. It sounded angry, but I didn't care. I wouldn't touch it. Only Mark Johnson understood it, and he was being carried.

We had him trussed up on a spear like game being returned by hunters. Two of us bunny girls carried him. He might be naked, shorn of all his adventuring gear, but he was still heavy. He was no light bunny girl. It meant we couldn't bound from branch to branch on the tall trees of the Blackmoss Forest looming around us.

We were forced to bound along the ground, hardly hopping at all. More running. It was disgraceful, but what could we do? Right now Akiko and Bikiko carried him while Kimimi took up the rear. I was up front with my spear. The woods were dangerous.

Werewolves, kobolds, goblins, minotaurs, rune bears, black treants, slimes, and whisper spiders abounded. Night was a dangerous time to be racing about. But we had to do this. We had to get him back to Mother Usagiko. We would not let down our progenitor. The matriarch that we all descended from. Through her loins, our clan existed.

So we would renew her loins with the magical device Mark Johnson carried.

As the sun came up, I switched off with Akiko while Kimimi took over from Bikiko who now took the lead. She bounced before me in her leather skirt that rode low on her hips, her cottontail quivering as she bounded before me. Her gray bunny ears flopped around as they thrust out of her matching mane of hair.

Other than the way our feet were shaped, we looked human. But they (humans) were mean. Evil. They were to be avoided. All other races were. It was why we had our enclave in the woods where they couldn't find us and hunt us down and take us for slaves.

We would only abduct one man at a time to act as our brood stallion. The last one had grown too old to handle the matings, so he was retired. Mark Johnson would serve in his place. The man had stamina. Watching him with his air-headed adventurers proved that.

The sun was up. I was tired and hungry, but we had to keep bounding forward. We snacked on carrots and celery on the hop. The woods grew lighter. The murk of night faded into the twilight of the deep Blackmoss Forest. The sun rarely penetrated the thick canopy here.

Mark Johnson continued to sleep. He would until the hood on his head was removed. The enchanted object would keep him docile for us. That was important. We didn't need him to cause problems until the time came to use his device.

We kept trading off who carried him, stopping only when was necessity. To drink from clear springs. To vanish behind trees to do our privy business. Mark Johnson kept snoring away. The weight on our shoulders grew more and more heavy.

The cloth I wore tied about my breasts clung to them, sweat soaking me. It dripped down my body. My flat stomach. Into the valley of my large breasts. Down my inner thighs. I was sweaty everywhere. There was no escaping that.

The day wore toward evening. We were getting close, though.

After another meal of carrots and onions, we were on the bounce again. 

The terrain grew more and more familiar. I recognized certain trees. A lightning-struck stump. A fallen tree that had rotted half into sawdust. A patch of yummy sweetberries that were decorated with small, yellow flowers promising a good yield come summer.

The world grew dark. Night fell, but we pressed on. We were almost there. Almost to the Thicket that surrounded our home. We reached the brier that we had cultivated to hide our village from the outside world.

This was it. As one, bunnies!

Yes, Tsunade, the other three said as we all placed the spear on our shoulders. Akiko's prodigious breasts pressed into my back. Bend knees!

We all lowered ourselves to a crouch, my rump pressed into Akiko's crotch. This was the only way to do it. The only way for us to get over. That was just how it had to work. I took a deep breath. This was it.

One, two, three, HOP!

We all jumped together. We soared up and over the brier patch, Mark Johnson swinging behind us. We cleared the thick thorns and landed on the other side safe and sound. It was a feat of athletics that I was glad we had the strength to perform.

The village was asleep. We all panted to catch our breaths. I took the lead. There was no need to move swiftly now. We were safe. The village was peaceful. The burrow mounds dotted the area, windows set low in the ground glowing. They were all covered in different plant growth as the matriarch of the burrow liked. Some had flowers or thorns or feathery grass or even a beautiful tree.

My mommy planted a dogwood tree over ours that had beautiful, white flowers right now.

We headed for the Grand Burrow at the heart of the village, passing fields with sprouting carrots, celery, onions, broccoli, cabbage, radishes, beetroots, zucchini, cucumbers, green beans, peas, and more yummy vegetables. Other bunny girls noticed us passing by. They saw we had him.

They waved to us, so proud of our success. I was proud of it, too. We had accomplished something amazing for Mother Usagiko. We would save her. The elders were waiting out before the Grand Burrow, Elder Yuki at the front.

Her brown ears dropped, the tips covered in white fur showing her age. Her breasts sagged. They weren't perky and drooped nearly to her belly. Or would if she didn't hold them up with her breast band? She was so wrinkly.

But not as much as her mam, Mother Usagiko.

All the elders were sisters, the First Generation. 

You have him? Elder Yuki asked, concern on her aged face. You have the device.

I have it, I said and stopped before her. My bunny girls set the human down as I fished out the device and handed it over to her.

It was a rectangle of black with a glass face on one side surrounded by a material that was like leather. It had hard buttons that protruded on the sides. She pushed one. The screen lit up with the picture of a naked girl with big breasts and strange words written on it.

The elder gasped and nearly dropped it. Her nose twitched and ears shot straight up. She examined it for a few moments. She hesitantly touched the screen. It changed and a matrix of strange symbols appeared. She glanced at me.

I would not mess with it, said Tsunade. I fear only Mark Johnson understands the device and how to use it. He might be the only one to use it.

Elder Yuki nodded. She gripped the device and bent over. She ripped off the hood, revealing the human's young and handsome face. He was a muscular man. His cock was hard. Thick and erect. Bigger than the dildos that we regularly used on ourselves and our lovers. 

So strong, Elder Yuki said. Maybe this device will rejuvenate me. Mmm, he'll have the entire village after him. He won't last a week with how many of us there are now. Not a week, but... He'll make so many new babies. She straightened. He'll be out until morning. When he is awake, fetch me. Keep him under tight guard.

Yes, Elder, I said and motioned to my bunny girls.

They picked up the spear and Mark Johnson. His muscular body swung back and forth. I couldn't wait for the breeding. I knew I would be second after Mother Usagiko. It was only fair since I found him and brought him back. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mark Johnson

I woke up on my side. I blinked. I was on hard-packed dirt covered with some straw. I breathed in the scent, shocked not to be in my tent. Where were my bimbos? I sat up and found that my wrists were tied behind my back. I blinked at that. I leaned against a wall of hard-packed earth. We were in a basement.

I pulled at my wrists, a wave of shock washing through me. I was tied up. That was a shocking development. How could I be tied up? What was going on? I looked around what seemed to be a root cellar. There were boxes of potatoes, carrots, and radishes around me. And there was a bunny girl.

A fucking bunny girl with a spear staring at me like I was a viper slithering toward her about to bite and poison her. Fear spiked through me. I had been taken prisoner by a busty bunny girl in a leather skirt and cloth wrapped around her breasts. She had gray hair and floppy ears. I even caught a glimpse of a cottontail as she turned and called out behind her.

He's awake! 

Hey, I said. I struggled to get my feet beneath me so I could sit up. Hey, what is going on? I managed to stand by leveraging myself against the wall and sliding up it. 

Stop that! she gasped and bounded to me. Her floppy hears bounced. She slammed the butt end of the spear into my guts.

I gasped at the pain. The air whooshed from my lungs. I wheezed and coughed, falling on my ass again. That wasn't good. I struggled to catch my breath, wanting to cover up my stomach and protect myself.

Someone hurry and tell Elder Yuki he's awake, she cried again, her floppy ears swaying around her head. 

After a minute of coughing and wheezing, I caught my breath enough to ask, What is going on?

Quiet! she hissed and swung her spear again.

This time, it caught me in the head. Pain burst from my temple. Lights flashed across my vision. My head snapped to the side. I groaned at the blow. I could fee the knot already swelling. I panted, my wrists pulling at the leather cords around my wrists.

I had to get out of here. I needed to escape, but they had me good and caught. What was I going to do about this? Why did they even capture me? I glared up at the bunny girl. She was a bitch that needed to be turned into a bimbo-bunny. 

I struggled to gather my thoughts, not saying anythingI didn't want to get hit in the head. The last thing I remembered was heading out to take a piss. It was the middle of the night and then... nothing. Nothing but strange dreams of being carried.

Are you Tsunade? I asked. I remembered that name from the dream.

How do you know that name? she demanded, raising her spear.

Hey, hey, I just heard it in a dream, I said. A weird dream of being carried by some bunny girls. That's it. You don't have to hit me. I'm not going to hurt you.

She sniffed, her right ear twitching. Like you could hurt me.

More bunny girls came in. Their skin was a dark brown with pale hair that ranged from white to gray. They were all young and fit. They reminded me of those bunny girls from Final Fantasy XII now that was I looking at them. Like that Fran chick.

All four of them had spears and wore the same skirts and breast bands. They had cottontails that puffed out above their skirts that rode low on them. They were all gorgeous, too. Just stunning. I would love to bimbofy them all, but...

Where was my phone?

Panic swept through me know. I was naked. I didn't have any place to hide my smartphone. It certainly wasn't crammed up my prison wallet. I swallowed as the bunny girls aimed their spears at me. One of them, her hair a sort of blue-gray glared at me.

Up, up, she said. 

She must be Tsunade.

I forced myself to stand the same way as last time. It hurt with my sore stomach and my aching head. The blood rushed down to my feet. I gasped, dizzy. I shook it, woozy from that last blow. One of the bunny girls steadied me, an angry look on her face.

They surrounded me. The one who hit me twice prodded me with the business end of her spear. That sharp prick had me walking through the root cellar toward the wooden stairs. I breathed in the earthy scent. I climbed up it into a large room that had carpets over the dirt. It looked like we were underground. Stone bricks held supported the walls, but lots of the earth was left bare. Polished beams held up the ceiling, crisscrossing us. Chandeliers with twinkling candles hung from the ceiling, the crystals refracting the dancing light in fun ways.

A group of old bunny girls with sagging tits and wrinkled faces awaited us. One had the bitchy expression I had seen yet, her russet ears dangling. She had white at the tips of hers. Her skin was a lighter hue, a different species or something.

She held my smartphone in her hand.

You use this to make Mother Usagiko young or else! she said and the four bunny girl warriors leveled their spears at me. No funny business.

The phone beeped with a notification. 

She glared down at it. Why does it keep doing that?

It is sending me messages, I said. Probably trying to alert me my smartphone has been stolen.

Smartphone? She held it up. That is what the rejuvenation device is called.

That's what it's called. I shrugged and lied, I have no idea why. It just is. Do you want to stand here and play twenty questions, or do you want me to rejuvenate your mom?

Don't insult her by addressing her so informally, hissed the bunny hag. 

The aggressive bunny girl smacked the stave of her spear into my thigh. I grunted at the bruising pain. Oh, yes, I couldn't wait to make their Mother Usagiko my bimbo. If she ruled them, and they all listened to her, things were going to change around here. That was for fucking sure.

The elder turned and headed toward a curtain. She threw it aside to reveal a hallway. Columns of stone brick separated the bare earth. It was sort of a mind-craft build when you were just starting out and didn't have much but stone and drift to build with.

Only these bunny girls seemed to like dirt. Well, we must be in their burrow or something. That made sense. I just followed her down, willing to do whatever she wanted to turn the tables. I couldn't wait to make these bunny girls pay.

The hallway led to another curtain. This one had two bunny girls who were wearing corded necklaces that draped over their round breasts. They were eighteen and looked frightened at the sight of me. Attendants, I figured.

They opened the curtain and bowed low, Elder Yuki. Savior Tsunade.

Savior, huh? I supposed this ancient bunny hag must be important to them all. I hadn't seen any men. That was good. Bunny guys were just disgusting. I'd watched Arifureta, and I did not need to see that again. Best to just have sexy bunny girls. 

Inside was a bed. Incense burned on a table, filling the air with a sickly sound. An ancient bunny girl lay on the bed, her body shrunken by age. That was clear. She had stiff ears and hair brittle and white. Her face was even more wrinkled than Elder Yuki's. She breathed slowly, wheezing. She didn't even look awake. Another girl was at her side, tending to her.

Rejuvenate her! said Elder Yuki. And you better not do anything funny. We will ram those spears through your heart.

The four bunny girls behind me all pressed their spears into my back. I squirmed at the prickling pressure.

Yeah, yeah, I said. I'm going to need my hands free for this to work.

Cut him free, said the elder.

One of the spears pressed between my wrists. The leather parted. I groaned, rolling my arms in the shoulder sockets and rubbing at my wrists. Elder Yuki handed me the phone, a dire warning in her eyes. I winked at her and took the phone.

I unlocked the screen. There were quite a few messages from the app. The first one was my daily gacha roll. I spun it. Lights flashed. The bunny girls hissed. I tapped the screen and gained 13 Bimbo Crystals. That brought me up to 56.

What was that? the elder demanded, looking around.

Warming up the smartphone, I said. It beeped and a warning message flashed across the screen.
Are you being held hostage by bunny girls? Beneath it where the two pink buttons that always appeared YES and NO.

I hit YES.

Why is nothing happening? demanded Elder Yuki. What are you doing?

Emergency Use 1/3 activated: Bimbofy the entire bunny girl village for all remaining Magic Crystals. 

Do it! the elder shrieked. 

Spear pokes me in the back as more text flashed on the screen.

WARNING: Bunny girls are very horny and fertile. No other males detected. Do you wish to Bimbofy the Bunny Girl Village?

I hit YES because I could handle it.

My phone vibrated. Fireworks burst across the screen. Elder Yuki gasped and stood back as pink energy swirled around her. The bunny girls behind me cried out. The wizened Mother Usagiko on the bed rose up into the air, the blankets falling away from her body. Spears dropped to the floor. Even the girl attending the dying bunny hag was floating in the air.

I grinned as this was worth spending every Magic Crystal I had to watch the shock on Elder Yuki's face. She looked around her, ears twitching. The energy slid up her feet, turning the simple sandals she wore into sexy heels. The magic worked up her body. The baggy robes she wore vanished, revealing her young and tone legs. A short skirt that was tied at her hip appeared. Like something a girl would wear on the beach with a bikini only it was so short, it barely covered anything. Her flat stomach appeared. Then her big breasts constrained in a thin band of cloth that was see-through, her dark nipples poking hard at it.

Mother Usagiko was also changing. The ancient hag on the verge of death was no becoming a young and sexy bunny girl. Her naked, sagging, and wrinkled body became young, tight, and smooth. The knockers drooping to her bellybutton were now huge, perky tits. Like Hitomi J-Cup huge. They bounced before her as the magic lowered her back to the bed, naked and smiling. She had plump lips, an eighteen-year-old's face, and a smoking body.

I'm all youngy and alivey and not icky and oldie and dying! squealed the bimbofied Mother Usagiko.

Yay! gasped Elder Yuki, though calling that eighteen-year-old bombshell elder was wrong. Yuki bounced up and down, the front of her skirt flaring up to flash the bare folds of her tight pussy slit. You're youngie. It worked. You're our heroy stud! Yay!

My heroy stud! squealed Mother Usagiko. She leaped at me with those big milkers bouncing before her. She wrapped her legs around my waist and her arms around my neck. The momentum sent me falling onto my back. 

I gasped as I landed on the rug-covered ground. I stared up at the bimbofied Tsunade and her warriors. They wore leather bikinis, their tits even bigger and firmer. They had not a thought in their eyes as they bounced up and down.

We savedy her! they cheered and hugged each other. 

Which turned into kissing each other. It was hot to watch, but Mother Usagiko quickly blocked my vision with her hot kisses. She peppered my face with them as she rubbed her shaved cunt against. me. I groaned, loving the bimbo-bunny kissing me like that.

So handsomey! she cooed and kissed me. 

SMOOCH! 

So studidly hunky! 

SMOOCH! 

My heroy study guy! 

SMOOCH!

I loved it. My freed hands rubbed up and down her back. I gripped her rump and squeezed her plump ass. I brushed her cottontail, loving how fluffy this was. It was all so wild. She squirmed on me, her big boobs rubbing into my chest.

She broke the kiss and sat up, her pussy pinning my cock to my belly. She grinned down at me, her mammoth milkers jiggling. White beaded the tips of her brown nipples. She slid up me, this heat gleaming in her eyes.

Cock! she squealed. I lovey cocks fuckying me and breedying me and makying my fertiley womb all full of babies!

Yes, I groaned as she slid her cunt up to the tip of my cock. She wiggled her hips and, with the skill of a horny bimbo-bunny, her cunt swallowed the crown of my dick. I groaned as she did that. I loved how she pressed her pussy folds down my cock. Oh, damn, that's good. That's really good!

It so goody greaty goody to have all your dickie in me, heroy stud! squealed Mother Usagiko. She squeezed her cunt down on my cock. She wiggled her hips back and forth. She stirred her twat around my dick. I loved her doing that. It felt amazing. Yay!

Fuck, I groaned as she slid her bimbo-rejuvenated cunt up my cock. That's it, Mother Usagiko. I'm going to knock you up!

Yippee skippy! 

She plunged down my cock, her big tits slapping together. I groaned at the feel of her cunt swallowing all of my cock. She worked up and down me, driving me wild. It was so good having her ride me. She worked her cunt up and down my dick with such passion. I groaned as she did that. It was amazing to have her do that. She gripped my dick with that hot twat.

She rode me faster and faster. She worked her snatch up and down my cock. I loved her riding me like that. It was amazing. I groaned as Yuki bounced over to me. She squealed as she straddled my head. She plunged her cunt down and sat on my mouth.

I savored Yuki's tangy pussy sitting on my mouth. I groaned and licked at the bimbo-bunny. Her cottontail twitched as she ground her snatch on my face. I reached up and undid the tie on her skirt, ripping it free to stare at her pale-tan ass.

Ooh, ooh, Mommy Usagiko, he's all lickying my pussy and lappying at me, whimpered Yuki as I stroked my tongue through her folds. And it's all so goody greaty good!

I bet it so goody! whimpered Mother Usagiko as she worked that hot cunt up and down my dick.
 
I feasted on Yuki's pussy. She tasted so good. Young and tangy. My tongue stroked through her tight folds. She had a virgin's slit, but I knew she wasn't. My tongue plunged into her tangy depths. Her tail quivered as I swirled around in her. 

She moaned, her butt-cheeks clenching and relaxing as I stirred her up. I was having such a fun time feasting on her. I flicked my tongue around in her snatch. I stirred up her cunt as I feasted on her. I loved devouring her like this.

She shuddered on me, her tail twitching. It was so much fun to watch her tail do that as she squirmed on me. She moaned in delight as I devoured her. I flicked my tongue around in her hot pussy. This would be a great day.

I didn't know where my bimbos were or what trouble they would get up to, but that would have to wait. I had bimbo-bunnies to breed. I loved Mother Usagiko working that tight snatch up and down my dick. She was so hot and juicy.

Fuck, I growled.

Yes, yes, fuckying and cummying and funny times! squealed Yuki. Mommy Usagiko, he's all lickying me!

Then cummy on him! the bimbo-bunny riding my dick gasped.

Yesy yes! I will. Just drown him in all my yummy nummy creamy juices!

I loved the sound of that. I stroked through her folds and brushed her clit. The bunny girl gasped. Her cottontail twitched even more. I loved staring at that fluffy ball as she ground on me. She smeared her cunt across my face.

I plunged my tongue into her pussy. I stirred around in her. It was so good to tease her like this. It was an amazing moment. I licked at her with all the force that I had. It was so much fun to tease her. I lapped at her with all that I had.

The pressure at the tip of my dick grew and grew as that hot pussy worked up and down me. I suckled hard on Yuki's clit as Mother Usagiko plunged that hot cunt down my cock. She squealed as she did it.

Her pussy went wild around my dick.

Fuck! I growled as I felt that amazing pussy suckling at my cock.

Ooh, ooh, give me cummies and breedy me! the bimbo-bunny gasped, her cunt suckling at me.

I nursed hard on Yuki's clit as the pressure in my nuts hurtled toward that bursting point. The bimbo-bunny riding my face gasped. Her back arched and floppy ears fluttered around her head. A flood of her tangy juices gushed out of her cunt.

I drowned in the bunny girl's cream as my dick erupted. I exploded into the bimbo-bunny's fertile pussy. She gasped as she suckled at me. She worked out the cum that fired from my dick. It was incredible to baste her twat.

Just fantastic.

Ooh, ooh, I'm drownying him in pussy creamy juices! gasped Yuki as I licked up their tangy juices.

He's all breedying me and makying me preggers and givying me babies! 

I groaned, more than happy to do that to the bimbo-bunny. I pumped blast after blast of my cum into the bimbo-bunny's pussy. I filled her to the brim with my cum, savoring that delight. It was so damned good.

Yuki gasped and jumped off my face. She bounced around the room, her tail twitching. She was so happy. I groaned, savoring having Mother Usagiko quivering on me. I fired the last of my cum into the bimbo-bunny's snatch.

So much cummies in my womby womb! she cooed, her white ears twitching. Her snowy hair fell around her dark-brown face. Such a goody woody time!

Yep, I said and sat up. I grabbed her breast and brought her nipple to my mouth. I latched on and suckled.

I groaned as her creamy breast milk gushed into my mouth. I gulped down the breast milk, loving every second of swallowing that delicious stuff. She groaned as I did that, her pussy squeezing down on me. It was so good.

It's my turn to be bredy bred, Mommy Usagiko! one of the bimbo-bunnies said. I was the one who foundy him and had the smarty idea to bringy him here. It's my turn.

I suckled hard on the bimbofied bunny girl's nipple. I savored that creamy treat and new that Tsunade had to be rewarded for what she did. I smiled around the nipple in my mouth, knowing just what I had to do. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Tsunade

The hunky dunky gorgeousy man that I had found and brought and captured and made a breedy slavery stud glanced at me, milk dripping down his lips. I squeezed in delight and jumped up and down, my pussy all horny and drippy and so itchy to be filled with jizzies.

My turn to be bredy bred! I squeezed.

Yes, it's your turn for your reward, he said as Mommy Usagiko jumped off. She was so awesomey. She was the greaty-grandymother of all the bunny girls like me and Akiko and Elder Yuki who wall young and hottie now and me! Why don't you sit on the bed, Mother Usagiko? Then she can lick my cum out of you while I 'reward' her.

Okey-dokey! Mommy Usagiko said and bounded to the bed. She spread her legs. Her pussy was all drippy and yummy and full of cummies. Come and eaty me!

Yesy yes! I squealed and bounced over the hunky dunky man. I landed before her, my nose twitching. I ripped off my bra and freed my boobies. Then I shoved off my skirt, so wet and ready and itchy and needy to cummy.

I buried my face into Mommy Usagiko's pussy. I loveyed all nuzzyling into her. She was so awesomey. This naughty, incestuousy delight swept through me. It was so much goody great to enjoy. I was so gladly to experience it. 

I lickedy at her at the hunky breedy stud moved in behind me. He had such a biggie cock. I wanted to feel him fuckying me and pumping my womb all full of his seed and makying me all preggers. I would be so happy being preggers with a roundy belly and biggie boobies.

Mmm, mmm, that's so yummy, whimpered Mommy Usagiko. Such a greaty good daughter to eaty me out!

Yes, Mommy, I moaned and licked up more of his salty cum from her sweetie pussy. I loved how goody she tasted.

Time for your reward, he said from behind me. I quivered as 

CRACK!

His hand spanked down on my rump. My cottontaily wiggled and my butty-cheeks clenched against the heat burning down to my drippying pussy. I gasped and shot my head up, cummies and creamies dripping down my chin.

That's not a reward, I gasped, my assycheeks so hot.

Sure it is, he said, grinning at me. 

CRACK! 

I squeaked at the heat. It melted down to my pussy and made me feel all wettie and itchy and in needy of his biggie cock to fucky me. I would lovey to have his biggie cock fuckying me. Just lovey it. 
CRACK! 

He did it again. He spankyed me and... and... It was so nicey. 

You were a naughty bimbo-bunny who took me from my women, he said. That deserves a big reward, doesn't it? 

CRACK!

Yesy guessy, it doesy! I squealed and buried my face back into Mommy's pussy.

My assycheeks burned from his hardy spankings. I shuddered as I lickyed and lappyed Mommy's pussy. There were so much goody jizzies spilling out of her. It was so so much funnies to do that. I was havying such a great good time. I was just so happy to licky and lappy at her and gathery up all his cummies. 

CRACK! 

I squealed. 

CRACK! 

Gasped. 

CRACK!

I'm such a baddy bunny! I squealed and feasted on Mommy's sloppy cunt.

I stroked through her folds, gathering up all the cummies I could. So much of his jizzies leaked out of him. That was so greaty good. I was in nummy heaven as he pressed his cock into my butty-crack and into my assyhole.

Waity, could he breedy me there?

I bet he could. He wouldn't not breed me, righty? Righty!

I moaned into Mommy's pussy as he kept drilling against me. He pushed and pushed on my analy ring. I gasped in delighty joy as he popped past my assyhole and slipped into my bowels. It was so goody to have him slidying into me.

That's it, he groaned, filling my assyhole up and up and up with more of his cock.

I shuddered as he bottomed out in me. It was so greaty having him all the way in me. I whimpered into Mommy's pussy. I lickyed at her. I lappyed at her twaty hole with all that I had. It was so greaty lickying up more of his cummies, but...

There was lessy of it to enjoy.

I had to go in her.

I thrusty my tongue into her pussy. I swirledy about in her, tasting all of Mommy's sweetness and his salty cummies. I scooped them out as he drew back his hardy cock. He felt so greaty good in me. I squeezed down on him, loveying this so much.

It was so greaty havying him slipping into me. Just so greaty good. I loveyed this so much. I groaned as he started drawing back his cock. My assyhole squeezed down on him as I lickyed at Mommy's pussy. I stroked all about in her as I moaned.

So goody, I whimpered as he thrust his biggie cock back into my buttyhole. The heat all melted down to my pussy. So goody great!

Mmm, it is, cooed Mommy Usagiko. She smiled down at me, looking so adowable with her floppy ears and youngy face. She looked youngier than me. I loveyed it. Licky all the study hunks cummies out of me!

Yay, Mommy, I willy will!

I thrust my tongue back into her pussy and did just that. It was so much funny funs to swirl about in her and find all his cummies. I scooped it out as he fuckyed me. He plowed his cock right into my assyhole. He fuckyed me hard.

Shit, he groaned as he pumpyed away at me. It was just a joy to have him fuckying my bowels. I loveyed it so much. Oh, shit, you bimbo-bunny whore!

I'm amy am! I squealed into Mommy's pussy. I was so gladdy he recognized that awesomey fact.

I wiggled my tongue all aroundy in her, but I couldn't find any more cummies. Had I licked them all out? I must have. I clamped my assyhole down on his cock, swelling and swelling and buildying toward my cummies. 

I was so ready to have huge cummies. I wanted them to busty in me as he fuckyed me so hardy with his thicky dick. He plowed to the hilt in me again and again and again. My butty-cheeks jiggled as he thrusty away at me.

My tongue flickyed up to Mommy's clitty. I lappyed at her cutie bud. She moaned, sounding so adowable as I lickyed her clitty. My assyhole clamped down on his cock as he buried into me over and over. I shuddered.

Oh, oh, that's such a goody daughter, Mommy Usagiko whimpered. Yesy yes! Such a goody daughtery bunny!

Her head threw back and her floppy ears all floppied about. She squealed as her pussy cream all gushyed out of her and drowned me. I lickyed up the sweetiness as the hunky stud hammered my assyhole. My own cummies burst in me.

Goody great! I squealed as my pussy convulsed and my assyhole all spasmed around his dickie. Breed my butt! 

You can't... he growled. Fuck it, dumbass bimbo-bunny! Sure, sure, take my cum!

He plowed to the hilt in my assyhole and erupted.

All his cummies spurted into my fertiley assyhole. I moaned into Mommy's pussy as he flooded me with so much goody stuff. I lickyed and lappyed at her, gathering up all the nummy juices as he pumpyed my buttyhole full of his seed.

Shit! he growled.

Waves and waves of goody joy swept through me and drowned my mind. All that wondermus delighty joys washed over my thoughts and smothered them in gooey bliss. I was so happy as I lickeyed at Mommy's pussy.

I loveyed every lasty second of it. This was all so amazeying and goody and awesomey. He grunted as he fired all his cummies into my buttyhole. He just flooded me with all of them. I quivered in just purey delight.

I was havying such a greaty time. 

He ripped his cock out of my asshole and growled, Turn around. Time for the next part of your reward.

Yay! I squealed.

I spun around, Mommy Usagiko's pussy cream on my lips. I was so ready for my reward. He aimed his cock righty at my face. Did he want me to sucky on him? Then he groaned and a stream of yellow shot from his cock.

He peed on me.

I gasped in delight. This was such a naughty reward. He groaned as I closed my eyes and open my mouth super duper widey. The acridy urine filled my mouth. I gulped it down as more washed over my face and splashed my floppy ears.

That's it, he groaned. Fucking bimbo-bunny bitch!

Rewardy time! I squealed as he kept pissing on me.

I gulped down all his peepee. Just swallowed it all as he coatedy me in it. I shivered in such delighty joy at what he did to me. It was so wickedy. I whimpered and quivered as he splashed uriney piss all over me.

The urine dripped down on my boobs. He soaked me in all his pissy reward. He groaned as he force out the last few blasts of urine. He drenched my hair. I was all drippy in his peepee. I opened my eyes and beamed up at him.
Thanky you for my rewardy!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mark Johnson

You're welcome, I told her as she dripped in piss. I glanced at the gray-eared one that hit me. Lick her clean.

Yesy yes! she squealed and hopped over.

Yuki, get over her and suckle on my dick, I said and sank onto the bed. Mother Usagiko, bring me those big tits. I want more of that milk.

Yesy yes, you have to drinky all my milky so you can have all the cummies to breedy us! the matriarch of the bimbofied bunny girls gasped.

She hefted her breast and raised her brown nipple to my lips. I latched on and suckled. I groaned as her creamy breast milk shot into my mouth. A moment later, Usagiko engulfed my cock. She swallowed my dick with her hot mouth.

I groaned, savoring her polishing my dirty pole of Tsunade's asshole. The rejuvenated bimbo bobbed her mouth as she suckled on me. I loved it. Her tongue danced around my asshole, polishing my cock.

I groaned around Mother Usagiko's nipple.

I gulped down more and more of breast milk. I loved swallowing the stuff. I gulped it all down. It was such a treat to swallow every mouthful of her creamy milk. I nursed on her. She groaned as I did that. Her ears twitching.

That hot mouth worked up and down my dick. She suckled on me with all that she had. I loved her nursing on me with such force. I loved how she nursed on me. The pressure in my nuts swelled and swelled toward my climax.

Yuki danced her tongue around my cock.

She polished my pole with all that she had. It was so great. I suckled down all Mother Usagiko's breast milk. I nursed on her, loving her milk squirting into my mouth. The sweet flavor had a cantaloupe-like aftertaste that was so good to enjoy.

I was glad for it. 

Ooh, drinky it all down and make more cummies for us! squealed Mother Usagiko.

Yuki moaned her agreement around my dick as she bobbed her head. Her floppy ears rubbed on my thighs, tickling me. The pressure swelled to the bursting point as she suckled hard. Her tongue stroked around the crown.

It was too much. I couldn't hold back.

I ripped my mouth off Mother Usagiko's nipple and growled, Shit!

I erupted into Yuki's mouth. I pumped blast after blast of cum into her mouth. She gulped it down, her russet ears twitching. She moaned in delight as I filled her up with my jizz. The pleasure slammed into my mind. Stars flashed before my eyes as I enjoyed this delight. It all swept through me.

That's it, bunny-bitch! I growled. Drink my cum!

Drinky it! Mother Usagiko said.

Yesy yes, then breedy us! squealed from the hallway.

A horde of bimbofied bunny girls was there, all staring inside and at me with such lust. There were... dozens of them. Maybe a hundred of them. They all licked their lips. I grunted, erupting one last time into Yuki's mouth.

I pushed Yuki's mouth off my cock and rose to my feet, facing the horde. I was a Bimbo Master. I wasn't about to quell before a horde of bunny girl bimbos. I would take them all on. I grinned at them as they squealed and burst into the room. They rushed me and engulfed me in their horny, fertile, buxom flesh. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Anni  Bimbo Warrior

I woke up and stretched. My boobies jiggled. I looked over and saw Mint and Cally and Erotha and Bitch and... Master? Where was Master?

I stood and headed outside. I looked around the campsite. He wasn't at the fire. I moved to a rock and lifted it up. Master?

He wasn't there.

I rolled over a log and saw only icky grubs and a centiypede all scuttlying way. No Master there. I peered into a little hole in a tree, but there was no master there. I scratched at my head. This was so confusing.

Mastery Sir! I cried.

The other bimbos came out. Bitch was with them. She sniffed around and headed to a tree. She nuzzled at the ground then growled. She turned, her tail straight. She snarled and bounded off into the woods.

She's leading us to Master! I squealed. Let's get our stuff and follow her!

Yay! the other bimbos squealed. Master was playing a funny game, but we would find him and suck his dick and lovey him.

To be continued...
