Author: mypenname3000
Title: The God's Passionate Love Book Three: The Paladin's Passion, Chapter Three: Passionate Reunions
Summary: It will take all of Illina's cleverness and Stefan's magic for them to escape the Black Vault.
Keywords: MF fantasy magic oral anal

Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to WRC264 for beta reading this.

Illina  The Black Vault

I stared at the door, thinking. How to get us out of here? I wasn't about to die in the Black Vault. Not when that cock-sucking, limp-dick, back-stabbing mongrel was out there. Bryce would die on my knife. I would bathe in his blood and...

The pain rose. A tide of anguish that threatened to swallow me whole. I squeezed at my stomach. He was really dead. He'd saved me. My sweet and loyal Barg. He had been in my life for so long. I thought he'd be with me to the end. Having adventures for centuries.

Bryce stole all that from him.

I closed my eyes and pushed through the pain. The rhythm of my heart slowed. I needed to get us out of here so we could track Bryce down. Maybe he was still on the island. We could expose his villainy and kill him.

I opened my eyes. I had to probe into the cracks of the door.

I bent down and unfurled my leather roll holding my tools. I grabbed a shim, a thin piece of metal that was used to probe into cracks and pop cheap latches. Whatever held the door shut would be found in the gaps. Some mechanism must exist to retract the locking bolts. This was the interior door. It wasn't the outer vault door. That could be opened from the inside. It was designed so the water lock would work. The fact this door couldn't open from the inside was a joke on Cernere's part.

Whoever entered had to leave together or never escape. She knew the point when criminals betrayed each other would be in the vault. When all those treasures were there. My body shook in rage. Paladin of Lagu?

I hope you suck down every drop of Illth's diseased cum, I muttered, imagining Bryce fellating the Hermaphroditic Goddess of Pestilence. That she rots off your lying lips and shrivels your cock to a wizened little thing.

Stefan gave a dark chuckle.

I pressed my shim against the crack between the door and the frame. The shim was a thin strip of brass, pounded as fine as possible by a skilled smith. I pushed at the crack. The metal flexed. It bent in the middle, refusing to go in. I pushed hard, working at it, trying to slide it inside, but it couldn't slide in between the door and frame. The fit was impossibly tight. The tolerances on building this vault were outstanding.

This had the feel of Krab's work, a job he did for Cernere following her plans. Only the God of Crafting could make something this skilled. He made masterpieces. After all, look at me. 

I probed around the door, searching for any spot I could get my shim in, but everywhere I tried, it wouldn't slip in, only bend. I stood back and thought for a moment. I felt Stefan watching with worry now. His emotions almost rippled through the air.

I had just the thing.

I pulled out a small vial I had purchased off of my alchemist, Shasti. When I'd seen her in the Ten-It forest, reveling in all those hermaphroditic elves, she had sold me some useful stuff. Her nightlock draught allowed Stefan and I to fake our deaths. 

And her slipperine gel would get us out of here.

I pulled off the cork stopper with my teeth and carefully dribbled a few drops on the shim. After restoppering the vial, I worked the gel across the end of the shim. My fingers glided over it. Almost no resistance. Perfect.

I pressed it into the cracks. It slipped in just fine. I smiled and began probing. I slid up and struck something solid. I pressed my ear to the door and tapped it with the shim, listening to how the sound propagated through the door. The dull sound radiating through the metal a solid rod. The locking bolt.

I slid down and found another bolt. I explored the door with care. There were three locking bolts on the right side, two top and bottom, and none on the left side. There I found the hinges and something that was thinner. It felt almost like a lever. A mechanism. 

I think I have it, I said and pushed up with my shim, struggling to get it to flip.

I strained, my muscles flexing. The end of the shim bit into my palm. I gripped it tight, ignoring the blue blood welling up between my fingers and the pain screaming through my nervous system.

The bar was stubborn. 

I attacked it from the top, trying to get it to move. I felt it give ever so slightly. It had some play, but it was taking a good deal of force to get it to move. I pushed harder on it. My shim deformed. It bent in the middle then it popped out.

I stared at it. 

That's not good, he said.

No, I said, thinking. I need something stronger. I don't have a strong shim. 

That's brass?

I nodded.

Do you have one of your daggers?

Not one on me. 

Then let's go to the vault and find one, Stefan said. I have an idea. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Stefan Halian

After hiking back to the Vault and finding one of Illina's daggers, we came back. She'd hardly looked at Barg's body. It was like she didn't want to acknowledge his death. She kept her gaze away from it, her body trembling with emotions she fought against.

She picked up her dagger coated in dried blood. Smears of that treacherous Bryce's blood. I couldn't believe Lagu gave that man power. Why would the Goddess of Law support someone who so clearly violated the law? What crime did my mother commit? Even if they swore the vows of a Lubenite marriage, the God of Love didn't demand those who broke it to die. It was no crime.

It had been Pater. What woman said no to the God of Gods, to the Father of All. 

And he had Monica with him. She carried my half-sibling in her womb. She had to be important. That was why Bryce had acted again. He had another chance at his plan. He had her, the Ambrosia, and headed to the Black Spire where the three Norns lived. The demigoddesses who wove the fate of mortals.

Not Gods, mortals. Yet he thought he could get something there to kill my divine father.

My emotions roiled on the trip back to the exit, Illina marching ahead of me with bristling steps, the dagger clutched in her hand. She had retrieved another that she'd thrown at him to save my life, striking his wrist and keeping the sword stroke from being instantly fatal.

I owed her much.

Okay, she said when we were back at the door. Use your magic and turn this into a shim.

Uh, sure, I said. I pulled out a vial of Ahlona's pussy juices. Is this going to work? The other one didn't.

It will work? she said as she held the dagger lightly in her grip. It's got a handle so I can grip it better, and the blade's made of high-quality, Zeutchian steel. Only dwarf steel is of higher quality than it.

I downed the sweet pussy cream, savoring the taste of my angel's passion. The power swelled in me. I hardly had any left. The light I sustained grew brighter. I sent out tendrils of earth magic into her dagger, reshaping it.

To her, it must look like it grew thinner and longer all on its own. She didn't see how I manipulated the crystalline structure to let it flow like water without disrupting the pattern of iron mixed with the carbon that gave it strength and made it steel. It thinned, stretching longer and longer. I flattened it out, made it as wide as her hand. It was thin and strong.

She nodded, coated the tip in the gel and pressed it into the crack. She pushed down on the mechanism, gripping the end of the dagger. She straightened, her face contorting with the effort of pulling down on the mechanism.

My heart pounded so fast. I swallowed as I watched her strain and strain against the mechanism keeping the door shut. She let out a low growl. Her red hair danced about her shoulders. Her dagger pulled down a fraction of an inch. 

A loud click echoed. Her shim shot down. She stumbled for a moment, off-balanced by the sudden give of the mechanism. Gears turned inside the door, steel grinding on steel. Then came several loud thuds that reverberated through the air.

Oh, no! she gasped. Cernere's black cunt! You're such a bitch!

What? I demanded. Didn't it just unlock.

It locked worse! She moved her shim up and down and struck obstacles. Those are new locking bolts that just fired out. That lever was just something to get us to waste time. She wanted this door to only open from the other side.

So we're dead, I said, this sinking weight falling in my stomach. I had thought we would get out of here. Already, thirst attacked the back of my throat. We had no supplies. We would die in a few days, trapped in the dark.

We are not dead! she spat. You're only dead when you give up! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Illina

My mother's twentieth rule echoed in my head. You're only dead when you give up.

There had to be something in the Vault that we could use to get through the door. I prowled through it, staring at the items. I snagged one thing off a pedestal. It wouldn't help me escape, but it would make killing that bastard so satisfying. It vanished into my pocket.

My gaze swept past the Gem of Reflected Greed. That thing wouldn't help me. Only led me to dying in here. Nor would Gewin's Blinding Shield or the Cloak of Living Night. Saphique's Ivory Dildo, while intriguing, was not going to help us get through the door.

I refused to look at Barg. I wanted to. I ached to fall to my knees and stroke his face. To say goodbye to him, but I was afraid I would never leave his side. I couldn't surrender to my pain. Not so long as Bryce lurked out there. I would flay him inch by inch and leave him to be eaten by fire ants. I would cut off his cock and shove it down his throat, choking him to death. I would strangle him with his intestines. Cut his wrists and bleed him out slowly.

He would pay for robbing the world of a better man.

I'm not seeing anything that seems useful, said Stefan. He snorted. We have the wealth of nations down here, and it doesn't matter.

I glanced over at him standing by the stacks and stacks of gold bars that Cernere had accumulated. There was a mountain of them. More wealth than any other place in the world. His magical light gleamed off their polished surface. I could see a dull reflection of myself in the sides of the bars.

My brow furrowed. Wealth of nations, huh...

What are you thinking?

We could shove that into the crack in the door.

That? What, the gold? Stefan gave me a confused look.

Gold is soft and malleable, but it's dense. That's why it weighs so much. It doesn't compress easily. And we have a lot of it.

I'm not following, he said.

You can affect it, right, use your magic on it?

He stared at it for a moment. Yes. It's not like the walls of the Vault. It's not made of anything anarcane.

Then let's get as much of it as we can back to the door, I said, smiling. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Stefan Halian

I wasn't quite sure what good this would do. We had transported a large stack of it with my magic. Lifting it with air had been taxing on my power. I burned through two vials of pussy juices. I was down to my last one. If this didn't work, we wouldn't have my magic to try on anything else.

I lifted up the first bar and pressed it into the crack. I made it thin. Fine. I pushed it into the gap in the door. I shoved it in hard, forcing it to flow in. It was easier to shape than the steel dagger. But it was a tight space, and she wanted me to push the entire bar into it. More and more vanished, filling the space. Resistance grew.

I pushed harder. My magic couldn't touch the door but I could shove in the gold. The precious metal began compressing. My magic forced more and more through. It spilled around the locking bolts, filling up across the entire side of the door by the time the first bar was in.

Illina pressed the second bar against the other side of the door.

This still felt foolish. I was devouring the power of Ahlona's pussy juices to push the gold into the gap between door and frame. The bar dwindled as it flowed, more and more pushing inside. A yellow gleam soon ringed the door as that bar had vanished inside.

I did the same to the top and bottom. It was getting harder. Less space. But I forced it in anyways, compressing the metal. There was a lip on the far side, a flange kept it from escaping. As I shoved in the fourth bar, metal groan. 

It's working, Illina said.

As I shoved in the fifth bar, this time on the right side where I started, the door protested. Metal strained and moaned. Something popped inside of the door. It shivered. My eyes widened as I watched it start to deform. The gold, while malleable, was filling up that space between the door and frame. It was dense enough the pressure it put on the steel was too much for the metal to handle.

The gold wanted to escape out of the crack. I had to exert more magical effort to keep the gold in the crack. To stop it from oozing out. I drank my last vial of pussy juices and shoved another bar into the door. Sweat broke out across my forehead. The forces pushing back against my magic were titanic.

I shouldn't be able to do this. The amount of force I was unleashing was insane. I could rip the door apart if I could affect it. Could a master mage utilize this much raw power? It flowed out of me, thick strands of earth magic affecting the gold.

Look at the door! Illina chortled. She rubbed her hands together in delight. It's warping in the middle.

A crease ran through the door. Metal groaned louder, a sustained sigh. Brittle snaps. Mechanisms inside the door broke. I shoved in another bar, pushing hard. I clenched my fists and growled through clenched teeth. The gold flowed into the space that it shouldn't fit. Compressed so tight

BANG! 

The door burst forward and collapsed on the floor of the water lock. The gold I had compressed to fit now expanded into deformed shapes, blossoming out into a misshapen frame of gold as thick as my hand in most places.

Illina burst into chortles of delight. I knew that would work. We're getting out of here, Stefan!

Gods be praised, I panted, my magic almost exhausted. I stared in awe at it as she slipped through. 

She reached the outer door and then said. We have to put the inner door back in place as best we can. We won't be able to open the outer door if we can't flood this room.

What? I gasped.

It took some doing. I used the last of my magic to clear away the gold and then we lifted the door back in place. I used the gold as lifting straps to pick up the heavy, deformed structure and shove it back into its frame. But it was distorted. I packed in the edges with gold, forming a watertight seal. 

My light flickered out at the end.

That's it, I said, trembling. My voice echoed through the room. I shuddered, feeling the darkness pressing on us. I hope the outer door opens.

Me, too, Illina said. let's do it!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ahlona

The loud bang roused me out of my stupor.

My wings fluttered. Darkness had descended on the clearing. The only light came from the stars above and my halo which had almost gone out. I stood up and peered at the water. The surface rippled. My brow furrowed.

Had I heard something? Was it just my grief? How could Stefan be gone?

I had watched him since he was born. I was there when his mother birthed him. I had stood over Stefan at my mother's behest, ready to act her will and kill him if she deemed it. At first, it was a task I had relished in following. I had embraced it. I was my mother's servant, devoted to Slata.

And then, slowly, I came to care for the boy. Watched him grow up without a father. Saw the joy in his mother's eyes that battled back the grief brimming in her soul. When he went to the Collegiate Tower, I grew so frustrated with him when I saw he wasn't excelling. It was so clear to me. He wasn't being challenged. He was a demigod, but they treated him like any other mortal. So he had never tried. Never rose to the tasks before him.

He needed his destiny.

So when my mother had a change of heart on Pater's bastards, I was so joyful. I not only didn't have to worry about the day when I might have to attack him, but I was given to him. His angel. His lover and companion.

And I'd failed him. I let him go into the black without me to light the way.

My wings hugged me tight as I stared at the dark waters. I didn't hear anything else. Didn't see anything. The surface had calmed once more. It was probably just the wind that had disturbed the pool. Hope died in me.

The bubbles rose.

The center of the pond roiled. I gasped at the froth breaking across the surface. My heart tightened as I stared at the dark waters. I couldn't see anything. But where had all that air come from? That had happened once before for me. 

I needed to see.

I let my hope blaze out of me. My halo shone, illuminating the pool. A figure rose out of the dark depths, long hair flowing. Then Illina broke the surface, her red locks plastered to her youthful face. She swam for the shore. I stared dumbstruck at her.

Y-you're dead, I said.

So Sir Backstabber might think, she growled and grabbed the edge of the pool.

Before I could ask any of the dozens of questions spilling through my mind, another shape broached the surface. Blue robes billowed in the water. Stefan stared at me, his brown hair clinging to his side. He smiled at me, his goatee dripping with water.

S-Stefan, I whispered. My knees buckled. Collapsed. I trembled on the edge of the pool as he swam towards me. He said you were d-dead. This... You're... Tears spilled down my cheeks. My halo glowed brighter and brighter. A blinding light spilled over everything. He was here. He was alive. I... You're...

I'm here, Ahlona, he said. He reached the edge of the pool and then rose out of it. I seized him, my wings furling wide. I pulled him to me. His wet robes pressed against my naked body. His weight pushed me onto my back. He was on me. Kissing me. 

I kept crying and laughing and kissing him. 

He was here. Real. 

I clutched him so tight. Joy exploded through me. I trembled, not caring that cold water sluiced over my body. I was bursting with too much positivity. I could warm winter with the happiness blazing in my heart.

His goatee rasped on my lips. That familiar feel of him. I squeezed so tight about him, wringing out more water from his soaked robes. I trembled beneath him. I was so wonderfully confused by what had happened.

I broke the kiss. How? Sir Bryce said you were killed by the Vault's defenses. He barely escaped alive.

Illina snorted and then she stumbled away.

Bryce killed Barg, Stefan said, some of his joy fading from his eyes. He tried to kill Illina and me. Thought he had.

Shock struck me. B-Bryce?

He's the Lawbreaker! growled from Stefan's lips. It's Bryce. He's the one who's going to kill Pater!

I gasped in shock. And yet, even knowing that, I was just so happy to have my Stefan back. I hugged him tight, my eyes closing. Grief hovered on the edges of my awareness for Barg's murder, and anger burned in me for Bryce. We had him. We could have killed him in the forest, but Monica convinced us that he was our ally.

The poor thing had no idea who she'd married. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Illina

I stared at them having their reunion. This great emptiness filled me.

I rubbed at my belly and stumbled away. I felt hollowed out. Gutted. Barg filled my memories. He had been in my life for so long. First as my mother's companion, almost like a fun uncle, then he had raised me. I had fallen in love with him. Seduced him when I became old enough. I had made him into my lover and my partner.

He was there for my first burglary. We'd almost gotten caught. I had broken my mother's first rule. The guards were not where they should have been. But I was just so eager to steal... What had it been? Some jewels. Some pathetic baubles. Barg had almost died that night getting us out.

I reached the lakeshore. I fell to my knees, the pebbles of the gravelly strand shifting beneath me. I stared out at the dark waters. I had gotten him killed. I brought him to Cernere's Black Vault. I had dragged him on adventure after adventure and... and...

I would never get another one with him.

I clutched my belly, leaned over, and sobbed. The tears spilled down my cheeks. The gears in my mind clicked with only one thought. What I'd lost. I grabbed at my toga as a keening wail rose from my throat.

The water washed against the shore. Over and over. A rippling splash that accompanied my grief. I stared at it, watching the water rise and break on the beach again and again. Barg wouldn't get to see this. 

I had agreed to do this. I had wanted to break into the Black Vault so badly. My mother died trying this. I had to beat her. Be better than her in every way and now... She hadn't gotten anyone else killed breaking in.

All I had left of Barg was his seed in me. Ever since the disastrous robbery of Lord Korvan's riches, I had been storing Barg's seed. He'd almost died that day, too, because of me. I realized one day he would die and... I wanted a piece of him.

My daughter wouldn't really be his daughter, but she would be built from his essence. When this was over... 

I drew out what I'd taken from the Vault and stared at it. Dauthaz's dagger had a simplicity about it. A practicality that belied its deadly potential. The steel was shiny, polished to a buff gleam, but I saw no reflection in it. It drank it in.

Nothing you can do will save you, I whispered. Bryce had broken my mother's fifteenth rule. Keep your knives sheathed until the job is done. 

He would learn there were consequences to betrayal. 

I stared out at the lake, out where the bastard fled, and knew I would find him and carve him up. He would not survive Death's dagger. I closed my eyes as another wave of grief washed over me. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Stefan

Ahlona kissed me with hunger. It changed from joy to passion. I had survived the Black Vault. Escaped. I felt so alive after almost dying. It was insane, but it made me want to revel in passion. And so did she, apparently.

She pushed me off of her and moaned, We need to get you out of your wet robes.

Yes, I groaned, sitting up. I peeled them off and threw them to the side. The night was warm, but the wetness was getting to me. I used the last dregs of magic in me to dry my body.

Ahlona kissed me again, on top of me this time. Her chastity belt rubbed cool into my cock. The ward protecting her pussy was made of gold, that wonderful material that had saved my life. I used wealth that could support me for the rest of my life to escape.

Worth it.

She broke the kiss again, moaning, My Stefan. Oh, my Stefan.

I'm here, I said and groaned as she slid down my body. Her breasts caressed me. Her nipples were hard. She wiggled lower and lower, her diamond eyes bright. Her red hair fell about her beautiful face. The golden glow about her was almost blinding. I'm not going anywhere, Ahlona.

Definitely not into danger without me! she declared. That snake. No wonder he was so quick to agree to Illina's group choice. I would have carved him up if I had been with you.

I smiled. Yes, you would and... My words trailed off. He had done something to me. When I slept with Monica, it had put a curse on me. I'd have to get that broken before I faced him again. I can't wait to see that.

She winked at me and then grabbed my cock. Mmm, not letting this out of my sight again.

I groaned as she engulfed the crown of my dick with her hungry mouth. She sucked with passion. Her warmth surrounded my cock's tip. I groaned, my back arching. The pleasure rushed through me. My heart pounded in my chest. She felt incredible. This amazing warmth that would have me exploding in passion. I squeezed my eyes shut, savoring that heat soaking my dick.

She sucked with hunger. She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my dick. Her white wings flapped. My angel loved my cock. I groaned, my balls tightening at the hunger of her mouth working on me.

Gods, yes, I panted, my balls twitching.

She moaned around my cock, staring up at me.

Ahlona, I want you at my side. When I march into danger, you're going to be there. My sexy angel will be watching my back.

She moaned and bobbed her head harder. She sucked with that passion I had come to love on our travels. My hand shot down. I slid my fingers through the silky softness of her fiery hair. I gripped her as she slid her lips up and down my dick.

She blew me with hunger. Passion. She nursed, her tongue fluttering around my cock. One hand stroked the base, sliding up and down, while the other kneaded my balls with her gentle and loving touch. She massaged them, digits sliding from nut to nut.

Gods damn, Ahlona! I groaned, my eyes squeezing shut.

I gripped her hair and savored the way she sucked at my cock. She nursed with hunger, her cheeks hollowing. I groaned, my nuts twitching in her hand. My dick throbbed in her mouth. She slurped with such hunger on my dick. Her tongue danced around my crown.

The ache swelled at the tip. Her nursing brought me closer and closer to that eruption. I would fire all that spunk into her. I would baste her mouth with so much jizz. She would drown in it. That would be amazing. I wanted her guzzling down all the cum she could.

My dick twitched and throbbed in her hungry mouth. She stared up at me with love in those diamond-bright eyes. Her wings fluttered as she worshiped my dick. The passion stirred through me. It was incredible to enjoy. I loved every moment of it. That passion. That rapture that would burst from me.

Gods, yes! I moaned. Gewin's mighty cock, Ahlona! I'm going to spurt cum down your throat.

She winked at me and sucked with more hunger. Her cheeks hollowed.

Yeah, you want it. You want my seed.

She nodded.

Naughty angel.

Her wings quivered.

Her fingers massaged my balls, kneading them. The tingles shot up to the tip of my cock buried in her mouth. I groaned, squeezing my eyes shut for a moment. I gripped her hair, my back arching as the pressure swelled. 

I came closer and closer to erupting. I was nearing that point. I squirmed on the soft grass beside the pool. My eyes squeezed shut. My heart pounded with a wild beat. My blood screamed through my veins. 

Ahlona! My sexy angel! I love you!

I erupted into her mouth.

My cum pumped into her hungry maw. Spurt after spurt of my cum pumped out of my cock and flooded her mouth. I unleashed spurt after spurt of my spunk. She groaned and nursed with hunger. She sucked it down with intense passion.

My toes curled. I groaned, my heart pumping bliss through my body. I growled out my love for my angel as she drank down my seed. She sucked with passion, moaning as she swallowed every drop. I fired that last blast into her and trembled, floating at the peak of my pleasure for a moment.

Gods damn, Ahlona, I groaned as I descended. Gods damn, you're amazing.

She slid her mouth off my cock with a wet plop. She licked her lips and grinned up at me. She rose, her round breasts swaying. Her hands stroked down her body to her golden chastity belt. She always put it back on, the ward to protect her. A solid belt of gold that encircled her waist and was locked at her left hip. A curving strip of gold thrust down to cup her hairless pussy. It had a thin slit in it that a small finger could reach through to touch her pussy.

But nothing else could.

Mmm, my Stefan, she moaned, licking her lips. She pressed the chastity belt on my cock, the gold separating her pussy from my dick warmed by her passion. Her juices had dripped through, slicking the metal. Please, please, unlock me.

I grabbed at the key that dangled around my neck. I wore it on the same chain of gold that held my mother's rainbow amulet, the only keepsake I had of her. I held up the key and said, I'm out of magic.

Normally, I would break the gold chain with some earth magic, use air magic to float the key to her belt and unlock her, then I would return it to the chain and repair the damage like it had never happened. 

I was utterly dry. I only had my life force to draw on, and only a foolish mage would burn that wick.

She scooted up my body, sliding off my cock. Her breasts jiggled over my head as she came closer and closer to my face. She sat on my chest, waiting for me to stick the key into the lock. I went to it and then paused.

You need to go higher so I can reach, I said.

Amusement played on her face. The chain looks long enough to reach.

Nope, I said. Go higher.

She giggled and scooted up towards my face a few more inches. How's this?

Higher.

She moved up so the band was rubbing into my breastbone, almost touching my chin.

Nope, higher.

I'll be sitting on your face. Is that what you want? My chastity belt smothering you?

I want to be able to reach the lock, I said. What, do you think there's something else I want?

Wicked mage. She shuffled up and planted her chastity belt on my mouth. Her sweet juices had trickled through the slit and soaked my lips.

I licked at the slit. I probed my tongue through it to brush across her pussy lips. She gasped, her breasts jiggling above me. Her wings flapped. Her flavor melted down my tongue. I felt the promise of power in her juices. I wanted to eat her out.

But that chastity belt really was in the way. I just couldn't get more than the tip of my tongue through. So I thrust the key at her left hip. I fumbled around, sliding metal on metal, until I found the keyway. It slid in. I turned it.

The chastity belt dissolved into motes of gold that rained down on my face. The barrier separating her pussy from my hungry mouth vanished. Her hairless vulva pressed down on my goatee, her labia rubbing at my lips through my whiskers. Sweet juices trickled into my mouth and soaked my facial hair.

I licked at her. I slid my tongue through her folds, rejoicing in tasting my angel's cream straight from the source. I had feared I'd never get to enjoy this treat again. I dropped my amulet and grabbed her rump. I held her ass tight and feasted on her.

My tongue darted through her folds. I licked and lapped at her. I caressed my tongue through her juicy pussy folds. I fluttered up and down her slit. The pleasure surged through my body. My dick twitched and throbbed as I devoured her. it was such a wonder.

My Stefan! she moaned, her wings flapping. Mmm, you love my pussy.

I'm a mage, I said, winking up at her. 

Then I thrust my tongue into her pussy's depths. She gasped, her pussy squeezing around me. Her round breasts heaved above me. She groaned, her hips wiggling from side to side, stirring her cunt around on my mouth. Her juices soaked over my lips and spilled down my chin. 

I reveled in them. I was able to devour my angel's pussy again. Able to love her. Be with her. I gripped her thighs and celebrated our reunion. I never wanted to let her go. Never wanted to stop eating her delicious pussy.

Her juices soaked my goatee. My whiskers rasped against her hairless flesh as she squirmed on me. She ground her vulva into my facial hair, her breasts swaying above me. Her moans echoed around us, joining the breeze sighing through the grove around the pool.

Oh, my sweet Stefan! she moaned. Mmm, my sexy mage. Yes, yes, eat my pussy. You have our father's appetite. Devour every drop out of me.

Every last drop, I groaned. Biaute's perfect pussy, I'm going to make you cum.

Yes!

I licked and lapped at my angel. I feasted on her. She shuddered on my face. Her wings flapped, stirring the air around us as I devoured her pussy. I enjoyed every second of running my tongue over her twat. Of feasting on her. I would make her cum so hard. It would be such a treat for me to enjoy. I thrust my tongue into her depths.

I fluttered around in her. Her hot cream spilled over my tongue. I grabbed her rump, pulling her even tighter against me. I kneaded her firm butt-cheeks. My fingers dug into her flesh as she ground her pussy on my mouth.

Oh, Stefan! she groaned. Creation's passion! Your tongue. Oh, you're going to have me exploding.

And drowning me? I asked, my fingers kneading her rump.

In all that sweet pussy cream that you love! she moaned.

I thrust my tongue into her pussy. I swirled around in her, loving the passion of her twat. The silky delight of her cunt squeezing around me. I stirred her up, her juices flowing down into my mouth. They filled me up.

As I enjoyed her cunt's depths, the fingers of my right hand drifted into her butt-crack. Her wings flapped hard. She let out a throaty moan, staring down at me. A gleam shone in her diamond eyes. Her smile grew naughty.

Yes, yes, finger my asshole! You own every bit of me, my love. She trembled on me. The Divine Spark's rapture, I want it. I want everything you can give me.

She leaned back, her arm reaching behind her. She grabbed my cock. Squeezed it. 

I groaned, my digits sliding down to find her asshole. I swirled around her puckered hole. I teased her backdoor, loving the texture of her against my fingertip. I toyed with her while she shuddered. It was such a delight the way she squirmed on my mouth, her pussy juices spilling over my lips.

I thrust my tongue deeper into her pussy as I jammed my digit against her asshole. Her hand tightened on my cock. She whimpered. Her anal ring parted for my finger. Her bowels swallowed it. I sank past my first knuckle. The second.

Her velvety warmth engulfed my digit.

Stefan! she moaned, her breasts jiggling.

I flicked my tongue to her clit. I swirled around her bud. I caressed her, teased her. I loved the way she gasped and shuddered. Her body trembled. She flapped her wings harder. Her moans echoed through the air, her asshole clenching around my probing finger.

I sucked on her clit.

Yes, yes, Stefan! Creation's passion, I'm going to drown you!

I sucked with hunger on her clit. I nursed on it. I loved it. The pleasure surged through me. It was incredible. This amazing bliss that would explode through me. I nursed on her bud with all my passion, wanting that flood of cum.

I thrust a second finger into her bowels. Her anal ring swallowed it. I massaged her velvety sheath, pumping in and out of her as I nursed on her. She squeezed my cock and trembled. Her breasts heaved over my head.

Sweet cream gushed out of her pussy.

My Stefan! I love you!

Her halo blazed bright as she orgasmed. Her pussy cream soaked my goatee. Spilled out of my facial hair to run down my cheek. I licked and lapped at her. I caressed her with my tongue. I swirled and danced through her. She moaned, her body trembling. Her breasts bounced and her wings flapped. 

I drowned in her sweetness. I reveled in it. My dick throbbed so hard in her grip. Her asshole rippled around my fingers. My tongue lapped at her folds, licking up the delight that washed out of her. I savored every drop of it.

Creation's passion! she moaned and rolled to the side. She slipped off of me, ending up on her back. Her right wing brushed my arm. Stefan! Stefan!

I sucked on my finger that had popped out of her asshole. Her sour musk provided a delicious counterbalance to the sweetness of her pussy. She quivered on the ground, her pale flesh trembling. She licked her lips. 

I need you, Stefan.

I groaned and rolled over and slid onto my sexy angel. I settled my weight on her. She squirmed beneath me, her eyes blazing bright. She had this wonderful expression on her face. This passion that would consume me. It was so exciting to look at. I grinned down at her and kissed her with hunger. She shuddered, kissing me back.

Her tongue danced with mine. I savored the feel of her beneath me. How she trembled. Her legs wrapped around me. She gripped me with hunger, our lips working together. My soaked goatee rubbed into her face.

Her hand shot between our bodies and grabbed my dick. She held me tight, fisting her hand up and down my shaft. I groaned into her mouth. I shuddered, kissing her with hunger as she guided me to her pussy. She pressed my tip across her shaved vulva and to the entrance of her passion.

I thrust into her.

She wrapped her legs around me, groaning as I penetrated into her. It felt almost like the first time. A new beginning. I had survived the Vault and was back in my angel's pussy. It felt so right being in Ahlona. My heart pounded my triumph through my body.

I kissed her with such hunger, our tongues dancing as she trembled beneath me. She groaned as I just savored being in her for a moment, all of her hot pussy wrapped around my dick. Her silky body beneath me. Her breasts on my chest, her limbs hugging me tight. The glow of her halo.

I broke the kiss and whispered, I love you, Ahlona. My angel.

Her pussy rippled about my cock, a massaging wave that started deep in her and ran up my dick. Stefan! Tears sprang in her eyes. You're still here. I still have you. Still can love you.

Yes!

I kissed her sweet lips and drew back my cock. My dick slid through her sheath. That wonderful, silky heaven gripped my dick. I savored how she massaged me. How her flesh caressed my entire shaft. My tip throbbed, drinking in the wet friction.

I thrust back into her. I plunged into my angel's depths. I bottomed out in her. My balls smacked into her flesh. The sound echoed through the glade. It resounded around us. I groaned at the impact. A shiver ran through me.

She kissed me with hunger.

Her pussy gripped my cock as I drew back again.

Her hips undulated.

I made love to my angel.

Our bodies moved together, a shared rhythm of passion. Our tongues danced. We moaned and groaned. We shuddered at the union of our flesh. Our two bodies had melded into one. Every thrust of my cock into her flesh sent pleasure shivering through me.

And her.

I could feel it in the way she trembled beneath me. In how she moved. How her pussy squeezed around my cock and her breasts quivered against my chest. Her tongue danced with mine with such passion. 

I held her and drove my cock into her again and again. I luxuriated in my angel's embrace. She held me tight in every way she could. Her fingernails clawed at my back. Her thighs gripped my hips, pulling me in on my every thrust.

Welcoming me into her depths.

I broke the kiss and groaned, Ahlona!

Yes, yes, yes! she moaned. Mmm, my sexy mage. My demigod. Yes, yes, you are our father's son! I love it. Love you. I want your cum in me. I want you to spill all that seed in me!

Yes! I groaned, thrusting hard and fast into her pussy. I buried into her depths, slamming hard into her. I'm going to flood you with all my spunk. But you know what you have to do to earn my seed?

Cum! she moaned, squeezing her pussy around my dick. I have to cum on your amazing cock!

Yes! I grinned at down at her as I thrust away at her pussy. I love it when you cum.

She kissed me, a quick one. You keep thrusting that cock into me... Ooh, you're churning me up. I'm so close!

So was I. 

I thrust harder, that ache building and building at the tip of my cock. Her pussy gripped me. That wonderful sheath held me tight. I loved every thrust into her depth. I came closer and closer to erupting in her. In flooding her with every ounce of spunk I had in my nuts.

I pumped away fast and hard. She squeezed about me so tight. I groaned, my heavy balls smacking into her taint. Her fingernails raked my back. Her halo glowed brighter and brighter. She trembled beneath me.

Came.

Her pussy went wild around my dick.

Creation's passion, yes! she howled. Stefan!

My angel! I groaned. Oh, yes, yes, my sweet and sexy angel!

I erupted into her pussy.

Yes! she howled.

My cum pumped over and over into her pussy. Her twat milked me. The pleasure slammed into my mind. Every eruption of my seed into her snatch sent ecstasy rushing through me. Rapture crashed into my thoughts.

Gewin's mighty cock! I howled, unloading in her.

I kissed her as I trembled through my pleasure. Her pussy writhed around me. She drained my balls. I kissed my angel as my rapture hurtled me toward that pinnacle. I hit it and quivered there. Her halo blazed as I spilled the last of my seed into her.

Then I collapsed on her, loving her, so glad that I had survived to hold her in my arms again.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ahlona

I panted beneath Stefan. It was incredible to feel him in me once again. His seed filling my pussy. My body buzzed with delight. He kissed me, his goatee rubbing so wonderfully on my lips. I loved that roughness. I held tight to him.

We need a boat.

The words drifting out of the dark startled me. Stefan jumped up from me and then rolled off my body. He ended up on his back, my pussy empty of his cock. Illina stood in the dark, her hair a wild mess, her toga disarrayed, bloody in spots. She shouldn't be wearing it. She held a dagger tight in her hand, a simple blade and yet...

It didn't reflect my halo's light. I could see starlight in it, but not the golden glow from around me. A shiver ran through me.

We need a boat, Illina said. It's too far for us to swim to shore.

I swallowed, guilt rippling through me. She must be lost in grief while we were celebrating our reunion. I felt so self-conscious. My chastity belt sprang around me. I rose, not wanting to part from my Stefan.

I'll fly to Sher-Vex, I said, facing Illina. I'll get us a boat.

Good. A wicked smile spread across her lips. Something fast. I want to catch up with that black-hearted bastard and carve him into little pieces.

The fury in her eyes sent my heart pounding. I nodded and threw myself into the air.

To be continued...
