The Eager Little Sister
By Perry Jones (pounder801@gmail.com)

Note to reader: This is a continuing story.  Comments to the author are always welcomed and appreciated. PJ


CHAPTER EIGHT 

	That evening Barbra waited anxiously for her mother to say something to her father. But apparently she had said nothing to him by dinnertime. Barbra helped her mother with dinner and then with the kitchen when they finished eating. Her father was in the living room, whore Ricky had sprawled in the floor watching television.

	"Did you tell him yet, Mother?" Barbra whispered as they loaded the dishwasher. "Did you tell Daddy?"

	"Not yet, baby. I want to do it in my own way," her mother replied.

	"He won't be afraid or mad or anything, will he?" she asked anxiously.

	"Not your father," her mother laughed softly. "He's been waiting for you, baby. All he talks about, as I said, was what a fine little fuck you would be." She laughed again. "He just doesn't know what a precious piece of ass you really are."

	"He really wants to fuck me?" Barbra had a, difficult time believing it. "I mean, he has you and you're a hot fuck, Mother. Besides, look at all those grown women he fucked in the pictures. Are you sure he wants to fuck me?"

	"You can bet on that, honey," her mother said again, patting her small ass. "You'll see."

	"But when, Mother?"

	Her mother was amused by the anxious anticipation Barbra was showing. "Tonight. I promise you, your father will be fucking you tonight.

	A few minutes later they were in the living room with her father and brother. Barbra sat on the couch, unable to be still. She fidgeted and twisted her ass against the cushions, glancing at her father with desire in her hot, dark eyes. Her mother, teasing Barbra, pretended she was not aware of her daughter's anticipation. Finally, however, she sat on the floor at his feet. Casually, she dropped her hand over his cock. "Barbra and Ricky love our pictures, dear," she said.

	Barbra saw the look of surprise come on her father's face and Ricky sat upright Quickly, not knowing what was going on.

	"They do? her father said. "Great!"

	Barbra watched her mother open her father's pants' then she sucked in a breath as his prick was exposed. She glanced at his face and found his eyes were intently on her; For a moment Barbra flushed, but it was a flush of pleasure. Her brother seemed afraid and it tickled her to know she was in on this before him.

	She watched her mother very deliberately begin to jack up and down on her father's cock, lifting one of her knees up and letting it fall wide. Both Barbra and Ricky peered at their mother's naked, bushy cunt.

	"Barbra is in love with your big cock, dear," Barbra heard her mother say. Her eyes burned on her father's swelling prick as her mother's fist beat up and down on it slowly. "She would like you to fuck her."

	"Is that right, Barbra?" her father asked.

	Barbra giggled, nodding her head eagerly.

	"It seems our two lovely children have been fucking each other for some time," her mother said, leaning over to give her husband's swollen prick a moist kiss on the dripping head. "Apparently we don't have to wait any longer, dear."

	She pulled her hand from his cock and scooted her ass across the carpet, the movement dragging her skirt up until she was naked from the waist down. She scooted to her son,

	and gave him a moist kiss. "Ricky, let's see what you have that gives Barbra such a good fucking."

	She pulled her son's cock out and seeing how hard it was, she cooed, "Beautiful, Ricky! You have a beautiful cock! And it's so hard! I'm going to love having it in my cunt!"

	Barbra watched her mother stretch out on the floor, sprawled on her stomach. Her curvy round ass was naked and lovely. She peered between her out-stretched thighs, at the dark- haired cunt she had licked so hungrily this afternoon.

	"Ricky," she heard her mother say, "as much as I've been waiting to have this lovely hard cock in my pussy, I'm going to suck it off first. I want to taste it in my hot mouth, taste it spurting all that delicious young cum down my cocksucking throat!"

	She closed her mouth over her son's cock and began to suck vigorously, mewling with intense pleasure. Barbra watched for a moment then heard her father.

	"Come here, baby," he said in a thick voice. "Come to Daddy."

	With weak thighs, Barbra went to her father. She stood at his side and felt him run his hand under her skirt and over her naked little ass. "Suck a sweet ass, baby," he said. "I've been wanting your pretty little ass for a long time."

	"Ooo, Daddy!" she squealed, reaching down and taking his throbbing cock in her hand. It was so thick she could hardly wrap her fingers around it. She jacked his cock with pleasure. "You have such a big cock!"

	"Suck it for me, Barbra," he urged. "Suck Daddy's cock like your mother is sucking Ricky's prick!"

	Barbra leaned over the arm of his chair, her lips hovering above the dripping head of his cock. She pressed her lips to it and gave his cock a wet kiss. "Oooo, Daddy!" she squealed. "I love it!"

	"Suck my cock, baby," he urged, drawing her dress over her naked little ass. "Sack Daddy's hard cock, honey. I just know you're a sweet, fantastic little cocksucker like your mother."

	She felt his hands caressing the creamy smallness of her shivering ass. She waggled it for him as her tongue ran over the seeping pisshole of his cock. "Ohh, yes! I'll suck your big cock, Daddy! I'll suck it as good as Mother sucks it! I want to taste your prick, Daddy... taste how hard and hot it is! I want you to come in my hot mouth, Daddy! Will you come in my mouth, Daddy?"

	"Yes, Barbra, he replied, working his hand past the crack of her tight little ass, moving a finger into the steamy heat of her own. "I'll come in your sweet little mouth! Suck Daddy's cock, honey and I'll fill that sweet cocksucking mouth of yours!"

	"Oooo," she gurgled as her lips opened to take the huge, swollen head of her father's cock between them. The smoothness of it stretched her lips until Barbra was afraid she could take no more. Her desperation and desire to suck her father's cock off gave her the ability to suck in about three long inches. Her lips could stretch no more and her mouth was so full there wasn't any more room. She sucked up and down, mewling with ecstasy as his finger fucked in and out of her slippery pussy. From her angle, she could see his large, hairy balls and also her mother's mouth devouring Ricky's cock with intense pleasure.

	Ricky was leaning back on his hands, his eyes darting excitedly from his mother's bobbing face to Barbra as she sucked that enormous prick.

	"Oh, Mom!" Barbra heard him whisper. "Your mouth is sure hot and wet! Ahhh, you suck me good, Mom!"

	"Suck his cock," her father urged her mother. "Suck his cock, darling. Oh, damn, Barbra is a fantastic little cocksucker! What a sweet, hot mouth! Ooohh, honey, suck my cock up! What a tight little pussy you have! I'm going to love fucking that pretty, hot cunt, baby!"

	Barbra was dancing about as she leaned over

	her father's prick, gobbling at it gleefully. His finger plunged in and out of her rippling cunt so good. The heated fullness of her father's cock thrilled her intensely.

	"My sweet, beautiful little cocksucker," her father murmured to her. His other hand was on the back of her head, caressing the silky hair, encouraging her. "Baby, oh, baby! You're Daddy's beautiful little cocksucker, aren't you? Oh, suck my cock, honey! Suck it with your hot, wet cocksucking little mouth!"

	There was a loud yelp from Ricky. "Mom,

	Mom, you're gonna make me come! Ohh, I can't hold it back, Mom! I'm gonna come!"

	Barbra heard a muffled agreement from her mother and while her own mouth continued to glide up and down her father's throbbing cock, she watched as her mother's smooth throat began to work.

	"I'm coming in your mouth, Mom!" Ricky gurgled. "I'm coming in your fucking mouth, Mom!"

	"Eat him up!" her father shouted excitedly. "Eat your son's cock up! Suck it, darling swallow his cum! Suck his hard fucking cock!"

	Still with her father's cock stuffed into her clinging, mouth, Barbra saw her mother sit up and lick her lips, grinning happily; "Oh, baby," she gurgled. "That was something!  I loved that delicious young cum spurting in my mouth! I've wanted to suck that beautiful cock for a long time... and now I have!"

	She turned to watch Barbra struggling with her father's throbbing prick. "Ooo, Barbra, that's lovely," she said. "That is so beautiful, seeing your father's hard cock in your sweet, cocksucking little mouth! Ohhh, suck it good for him, honey! Your father has wanted this for a long time!"

	"And I'm about to come, too!" her father grunted, arching up toward Barbra's bobbing face. "I'm going to come, Barbra! You want it in your mouth, baby?"

	"Mmmmmmm!" Barbra squealed, her lips clinging tighter than ever to his hard-on. She moved her lips up and down faster and then there was an enormous amount of jizz splashing into her mouth. She drew her lips up his cock until she held just the spewing pisshole between them. Her tongue flew about it as she swallowed. Her mind reeled with erotic happiness, the taste of her father's cum was so delicious it made her small body shudder. Her pussy clamped about his deeply buried finger and she came in powerful waves. She clung to her father's prick with her tongue fluttering at the flaring pisshole until she was certain he had finished. Then she gave his cock a kiss and stood up weakly, grinning proudly. Then all four burst into laughter.

	"Well, how about that?" her father said. "All this time your mother and I have been waiting, anxiously I should add. We've been waiting until you two were old enough for and all the time you've been fucking and sucking every chance you get."

	Barbra giggled and climbed onto her father's lap. Snuggling against him, she felt his cock against her naked little ass. She wiggled sensuously as he ran a hand up and down her thigh, the other cupping a small, succulent tit. On the floor, Barbra and her father watched as Ricky found delight in discovering the treasures of his mother's body.

	Ricky peeled the clothing from his mother's body slowly, laughing huskily as each area of interest was revealed. He fondled and licked and sucked at her large tits for some time, burying his face between them to kiss the soft, creamy valley. It was, to say the least, creating an intense arousal in both Barbra and her father.

	She could feel her father's cock swelling again, growing into hardness against her smooth little ass. Barbra writhed her warm naked ass against his prick, shivering deliciously.

	Ricky soon had his mother fully undressed and she was now working at his clothing. Barbra gazed hotly at her mother's full, firm tits as they swayed with movement, at the round invitation of her ass, the long curling hairs of her pussy; Her own little cunt was bubbling again. But then her cunt was always bubbling. While she watched with excited eyes at what her mother and brother were doing, she felt her father's hands working at her clothing. She twisted and shifted to give him access to all the buttons and zippers and then she was naked on his lap.

	"You, too, Daddy!" she squealed with excitement. "You have to take your clothes off too!"

	Barbra had to leave his lap so he could get out of his shirt and pants and she stood watching him with trembling urgency. She was thrilled by the size of his balls, the thick length of his beautiful cock. Her pussy twitched with burning desire, her tiny clit very swollen.

	Her father gripped his cock in one hand, his hairy balls in the other. He fondled himself as he gazed at his sweet daughter's exquisite body. He took in the small, very sweet-looking tits with luscious pink nipples, the tiny waist and kissable thighs. Then his eyes gazed upon her almost hairless cunt. Those puffy lips were very desirable, very inviting. The tiny tip of her glistening clit could be seen and he licked his lips in greedy hunger.

	"Come here, honey," he whispered in a thick voice.

	From behind she heard her mother comment' "I think your father is hungry, darling. He wants to have a taste of your pretty little cunt."

	"Oooo," Barbra whimpered, flinging herself upon her father. "Yes, Daddy! Taste me! Taste my cunt! Kiss it and lick it and tongue fuck it! Oh, Daddy, eat my pussy for me! Eat it and suck it!"

	His hands moved about her Quivery body, feeling every place, kissing her hotly. Due to her size, he had no difficulty lifting her to his face. He sprawled back, his head resting on the back of the chair. Barbra found herself with a knee on each arm, her crotch in her father's face. She giggled and began to writhe her cunt against his mouth as his tongue darted in and out of her pussy. She loved the way his tongue curled about her distended clit, the way his lips pulled at it. She shook her body as he held her to his face with his hands against her creamy smooth ass.

	"Oooo, Daddy, Daddy!" she squealed with excitement. "Oh, I love it, Daddy! You tongue-fuck my pussy so good! Eat me, Daddy! Eat my little cunt, my pussy, my twat!"

	She could feel her father's tongue go deep into- the wet heat of her cunt, much deeper than her brother's had ever gone. His tongue felt very much like cock in her pussy. Barbra wiggled and writhed her pussy into his mouth, squealing in a soft, excited voice.

	She began to come. It happened very suddenly, without warning. "Oh! Daddy, I'm coming! Ohhhhh, golly, you're making my pussy come. so Quickly!"

	Her father's tongue raced in and out of her spasming cunt, fluttering furiously, his hands digging into her smooth ass cheeks.

	The moment the convulsions stopped, Barbra suddenly pulled from him, twisting around until her back was toward him.

	"Barbra, baby," he protested. "Where are you going?" I want to lick your cunt some more;" 

	"I want that cock in me, Daddy!" she panted. "I want your big cock in me, fucking me! Ohhh, I want you to fuck me, Daddy!"

	Barbra placed her feet on the cushions near his hips, grasping his thick cock in her small, eager hand. She settled her pussy against the swollen, dripping head. Easing herself down, she felt as though her pussy was being impaled upon a telephone pole. But there was no pain, just a fantastic feeling of burning ecstasy.

	"Daddy, Daddy!" Barbra wailed with pleasure as he took more of his cock into her stretching, tight cunt. "Oh, you're so big, so fucking big! I want it... I want every hard inch in my pussy! Oooo, all of it..  I want your hard cock stuffed up my hot cunt."

	Barbra was surprised to find her little pussy managed to accommodate her father's enormous prick. She leaned forward and peered down. She saw the puffy, stretched lips of her pussy against the base of his cock. She took his large balls in her hand and lifted them, pressing the hairy orbs against her exposed clit, mewling happily. She began to move her crotch up and down slowly, relishing the sensations in her cunt.

	While Barbra rode up-and down her father's huge cock, she gazed excitedly as her mother sprawled atop Ricky, her long legs spread wide. She saw her mother's bushy pussy and the way she rubbed it against Ricky's hard cock and hairless balls. She noticed her mother practically covered Ricky completely with her body.

	Cooing and squealing in delight, Barbra watched her mother slip Ricky's cock into her cunt. Her round ass began to squirm and bounce up and down. Barbra was in a fine position to observe her mother's hairy cunt fucking up and down on Ricky's cock and it created even more ecstasy in her small, hot body. "Oh, Mother!" she gurgled as her father reached around and began to squeeze at her flawless tits. "Fuck him! Fuck Ricky's cock with your hairy cunt! Oooo, I love watching that! Shake your pretty ass, Mother!"

	"So good," her mother whimpered as her naked round ass bounced. "God, I love Ricky's sweet cock! Oh, I love having it up my cunt! I've waited so fucking long to get his prick in my pussy!"

	"Barbra has just about the tightest fucking pussy ever!" her father said. "Such a tight, hot, wet little cunt! Damn, it feels like it's gripping my fucking cock in a vise! Fuck me, baby! Puck me with your hot little cunt!"

	Ricky had reached around his mother's writhing body and was clawing at her firm ass cheeks as he thrust up and down to her frenzied fucking beat. He was making sounds, but none of them understandable. His mother, with her tits against his face, was mewling as her naked ass bobbed and squirmed, her hairy pussy clinging to his throbbing hard-on.

	The heavy breathing that filled the room removed all efforts for talk. Each of the four was wrapped inside a hot, erotic cocoon. They gave themselves up to the delights of incestuous fucking. Beads of perspiration glistened on naked flesh and the moist, suctioning sounds of cunts sucking on very hard cocks filled the room. Barbra was coming in a series of overwhelming convulsions, time and again, one after the other. The ecstasy that boiled inside her small body did not allow her to do anything but moan and whimper. "Ooohh,... ahhhh, Daddy! Oh, fuck...good..... fucking me! Cock in my cunt... fucking me! Daddy is fucking me with his big cock!"

	Her mother, too, was in the grip of intense multiple orgasm, her spasming pussy riding her son's cock in a furious banging motion. Her whole naked body shuddered wildly as she yelped and gurgled. "Fuck Mother, baby! Oh, God, your sweet, beautiful cock is making Mother's cunt come and come! Ohhh, sweet, sweet! Come, darling! Let mother feel your hard cock spurt that sweet cum in her hot, hairy pussy!"

	Barbra felt her father's cock throb even more powerfully.

	"Barbra, baby!" he yelped, his hands digging into her small tits. "Your hot little cunt is making me come! Ohhh, baby, I'm filling your wet, hot, tight pussy!"

	She felt her father's jizz burst into her clinging pussy and Barbra went into a very long, very powerful orgasm. Her small body shook violently and she squeezed her eyes shut, biting at her lips with ecstasy. Then she slumped backwards against her father, her naked body shivering as she glowed with pleasure, mewling softly, her pussy still in spasms around his thick prick.

	From a distance she heard her brother yelling at their mother that he was coming. She wanted to open her eyes and watch Ricky come in their mother's cunt, but they wouldn't open. She gasped for air as her father continued to fondle her small tit in one hand, his other sliding down her shaking body to caress her cunt gently and lovingly. 


To be Continued
