Becky could not wait to design her character and see how close the game would make it look like her. She had bought and downloaded the new interactive game everyone was talking about called, "Horrorween". The difference in this game compared to all the others was the technology to make a character look, act and sound like you. Once you filled out the in depth personal profile, the system uses your webcam image and movement, as well as your microphone to complete the design. You do not have to have a webcam or microphone, but the player won't have the character look like them. Why buy the game if you do not want that part of it, Becky thought. She loved to play games where you interact with others, and this one seemed special.

The game allowed you to dress in your own clothes or use the over 22 million Halloween costume combinations in the database. The game was set in Halloween, and whether you wanted to go to a costume ball, trick or treat, visit a haunted house, fight legends like Jason, Freddy or Michael Myers or just stake vampires and get turned into a werewolf you get to choose. Because of the violent nature of the game, it was a for mature audiences only. That kept the kids from running amok and ruining the atmosphere like the other popular games. You can also meet up with friends and communicate with them in real time using the microphone feature. Becky was totally stoked.

She couldn't believe how long the personal profile was and how many stupid questions she had to answer, but she guessed that all the information would be used to make the game more realistic. She just wondered why she had to tell about her favorite food and whether she liked dogs or cats more. It was a bit overkill she thought. Anyway, Becky was ready for the next stage and that was the visual and voice part of her character. As soon as she put on her headphones she was instructed to speak only when spoken too, answer the questions asked in a simple precise manner, and make sure there would be no interruptions in the setup. She smiled at how demanding the game was, but it was cool all in all.

The game then instructed Becky to put her webcam on and stand in a spot where her whole body could be viewed within the video frame. She was instructed to stay put and wait for the next step in her character design. At once music played in her headphones, and Becky laughed out loud. It was one of the songs she had listed in her profile. "How cool was that?" she said to herself. She swayed gently to the music and waited.

----

Logan Kindell, the creator of Horrorween was surveying the newest profile applicants behind the scenes and readying a new stage that would change the gaming landscape forever. Looking for the right young lady to be the first to go through the new application of the game, she came across the beautiful visage of Becky Josephine Hammond. She was wearing a tight yellow t-shirt that accentuated her young upright breasts and white jeans that made everyone of her curves standout in the sexiest of ways. She danced in place wearing wireless headphones, oblivious to what was about to happen to her.

There was a time wait of 5 minutes or more in this stage of character development. After which, one of Horrorween's online guides would continue with the vocal recognition controls. Logan decided to take over and make Ms Hammond his personal project. He began by adding the subliminal program to her music. She wouldn't notice the change as it wasn't detected by the conscious mind, only her sub-conscious would pick up on it. He read her profile as he glanced every so often to see if any part of the program would have its effect on her. When the second song kicked in, she started to dance more and more. Logan smiled, and let the music play out before contacting her. The young, 18 year old girl seemed like a perfect first test subject.

----

The music suddenly cutoff and Becky stopped her dancing. She had a thought that she should have probably stayed still during this process. A male voice filled her headphone and she stood still listening,

"Becky," Logan began, "we are going to align the voice matrix now. I will need you to answer the questions as they are asked very clearly and precisely. Can you hear me okay Becky?"

"Yes," Becky responded,

"Your name is Becky Josephine Hammond, yes?"

"Yes."

"You are an 18 year old female, yes?"

"Yes."

"You have enjoyed interactive gaming in the past, yes?"

"Yes."

"You bought this game because it was recommended to you by friends, yes?"

"Yes." Becky was wondering how many questions she was going to answer. It seemed he was reading from the questions off of the profile page.

"You are wearing a yellow t-shirt, yes?" Logan continued.

"Yes."

"You are wearing curvy white jeans, yes?"

"Yes," Becky replied without even thinking that he had added the word curvy. They were curvy, so it was true at any rate.

"You have dirty blond hair Becky, yes?"

"Yes."

"You have blue eyes, yes?

"Yes."

"Your favorite food is pizza, yes?"

"Yes."

"You enjoy answering yes after every question, yes?"

"Yes," Becky confirmed, feeling like it was true in a weird way.

"In fact, the more you respond with a yes, the better you feel now, yes?"

"Yes," she agreed feeling rather good after responding to the question. It was like a nice feeling hit her suddenly.

"With each yes you say, the better it feels, and the better it feels, the more you want to say yes Becky, yes?"

"Yes."

"It is so hard to respond with anything else but yes because of the addicting pleasure you are receiving when you give in and say it, yes?"

"Yes," Becky replied enjoying the pleasure as it rose within her young body. She was becoming more focused on his words and not so much on thinking. She wanted the pleasure so it was becoming natural to answer with a yes after all. She wanted to feel good, and it was becoming addicting. The voice told her it was addicting and she had to agree. She was told the pleasure was increasing and she agreed as it continued to increase in intensity. She was told she was getting turned on and even if she was usually in control of such things she did feel a level of horniness overcome her senses. Each and every word she was fed, resonated within her mind and suddenly without any resistance became true.

"You have a vivid imagination Becky, yes?"

"Yes," Becky agreed. She knew that to be true, but never gave much thought to it. When the voice instructed her to see a descending spiral wooden staircase, she saw it as if she was on it. The voice guided her effortlessly down the stairs as her mind relaxed more and more with each imaginary step she took. As the voice counted the steps down with her, Becky found herself focusing more, relaxing more, and she received more and more pleasure as a reward for her obedience. The tingly warmth between her legs and the hardening of her taut nipples were evident of her submission. She found that the more she pleased in giving into the commands, the more she wanted to please. The more she wanted to please, the more pleasure she received.

The number of steps in the spiraling staircase seemed to be endless as she continued to move down, but she was lost in the voice. She did not seem to care about much of anything except for what the voice instructed her. When Becky was told upon reaching the last step she would be totally accepting of all requests and never question anything, she did just that. She obeyed like the good girl she was. Becky was tested immediately to show her obedience and she enjoyed the wonderful idea to do a slow strip tease to please the voice. She wanted to please so much, there was no hesitance as soon as she heard the music play in her headset. Her hips started to undulate as she began to remove her t-shirt.

----

Logan was pleased with the young woman's submission. She had succumbed to the hypnotic script perfectly, and now with the first real test underway there was no denying he had picked the right subject. He sighed in appreciation as he witnessed her sexy satin light yellow bra come into view. Her strapless b-cup breasts were perfectly held upright in a manner so inviting that a celibate man might be tempted to see what lay beyond. Her tan and toned tummy looked as it was carved by the Gods themselves. A 6-pack was popping out, but not too muscular to know she was all woman in every way. When Becky unzipped her white jeans and placed her thumbs in each side of her waist band she revealed hips that would make any girl jealous. Those curvy jeans did not lie in anyway. She turned around slowly showing off one amazing ass before wiggling her jeans down. As Becky slowly pulled down her pants she gave her audience a show as she bent over exposing her matching satin light yellow panties. In this full view position she lifted one leg at a time to remove herself from the leg attire. As she straightened herself with her back still to the camera Becky turned her face to the right and smiled. Her full puffy lips and blue eyes made her look both sexy and innocent at the same time.

----

Becky reached behind her to undo her bra, and then holding the loose bra against her breasts she turned back around teasing in the best way she knew how. Although she was without a boyfriend and never had done anything as erotic as a striptease, Becky could still imagine how to do a sexy one for someone. She knew that guys loved such things. In her alone time she might look in the mirror and put on a small dance number for herself. Thinking the whole time that her workouts had paid off and when she found Mr. Right she might be able to share her shapely dance number with him. There was something so satisfying in pleasing others in such a way.

She had played with herself a few times in front of the mirror, but she was not able to push herself over the top no matter how horny she became. Her friends talked about orgasms like they were the end all, but all she could do was lie and agree with their assessment. She had read in a magazine some girls were like that and she accepted that she was in that percentage. It was all good, and it gave her more time to do other things like gaming. She had been out with 3 guys since she turned 16, but she thought they were all either out to take her virginity or were douche bags. She wanted to wait until at least her prom with her last boyfriend, but he got all drunk and out of control. He embarrassed her on the dance floor and threw up on the limo driver. She wanted a memorable night, well this was not the memory she was looking for. She promised nothing, and gave nothing that night. It was the last date she had with him and anyone else for that matter since. Becky chose to enjoy her last summer before college, and she was doing just that.

Cupping her full breasts with her hands she suddenly let the bra fall away to the floor. Teasing the reveal of her delicious mounds, she squeezed them gently and immediately felt a wave of pleasure run through her. With her eyes closed, her hands came off her chest and slowly slid down her stomach as she arched her back to thrust her hardening breasts towards the webcam. Her fingers traced along the waistband of her sexy panties. She teasingly entered her panties slightly with her fingertips, and slowly pulled them away to rub her hips and thighs. She continued to feel the waves of pleasure the more she aimed to please with her stripping. Without even realizing it, Becky's horniness was starting to take over as she slid her right hand all the way into her panties and lightly traced her fingers against her moistened pussy lips. With her wet fingers she encircled her clit and shivered in ecstasy. Almost unable to stop her movements, she reluctantly pulled her hand free and refocused her attention back on her strip tease. It was now time to remove her panties.

----

The subliminal control Logan was incorporating with the music was having their impact better than he had hoped. She was all ready turned on enough to touch herself intimately without any prodding from him. These subliminal messages were so craftily hidden that one would have to really focus to hear it. The emphasis was on control obviously, but there was a large heightened presence of eroticism to push someone past their usual limits and knock down their walls of resistance. Logan knew how to circumnavigate around the usual hypnosis hurdles one would have to get by in the normal trance. A person would never do something they would normally be against whether they were awake or under a deep trance like Becky was. If you told them to steal, they would awake in a flat second. Yet, you could take down that wall by implying that stealing was an acceptable option under certain circumstances like it was life or death or it was just a practical joke on a friend that would be extremely hilarious. You can even tell them to get naked even if they did not feel comfortable with it. One could simply tell the mind it was comfortable by imagining they were alone in their private secured bedroom. Another approach would having the mind create a scenario where mud was caked on them from outside elements, and now there was a need for a shower to be clean. Imagination can be as real as reality if you phrase things a certain way. The subconscious for most people can be a playground for a well trained hypnotist.

Thinking back to his last girlfriend, Alicia, Logan remembered conditioning her to love blowjobs. She did not like to perform them when they first crossed that bridge in their relationship. Under hypnosis he tweaked things, and told her subconscious that she enjoyed the taste of his sperm. In fact it was the tastiest thing she had ever had. It was such an addicting flavor she wanted some at least 3 times a week. She would crave it if she did not have some within 3 days from her last time. The longer she went without his cum, the more satisfied she would be when she finally got some. Logan went away on business for a week once and when she finally got with him, she had an orgasm just from swallowing his load. The transition of Alicia being a blowjob snob to an enthusiast was easy for Logan. He could push her limits without her even noticing it. He did not feel the need to make her love him, but he did make it a point that his happiness was more important than hers. Eventually he grew tired of it and looked for a new challenge. With hypnosis, any break-up would be effortless and clean. Sure we can be friends worked every time.

Now Logan was taking hypnosis to a level that no one had ever taken it before. Becky was just the first of potentially an army of willing sex slaves to do his bidding. He was creating a new wave of webcam girls through his game. People would pay to see a little kink or fantasy played out. Horror was a twisty genre that had many sub-genres and erotic horror was one that has a huge presence online. Just look at all the Japanese Anime involving rape with tentacles. Logan knew that Japan alone would be a goldmine. Then you look at all the sexily-repressed geeks and nerds involved in gaming and you know that if you mix a little eroticism with their online world they would freely swipe their credit cards to find their Easter eggs of porn.

Much of the product development was secret and only a handful of Logan's closest and vetted staff knew about it. They did not know all the secrets of course like the hypnosis. but they had knowledge of some of the hidden sexual features of the game. Logan wasn't stupid, but he did need some trusted allies who were just as perverted as he was, or at least close. Horrorween was a horror game with lots of creepiness, scares, blood and heart-racing action. A good interactive experience came with many choices for the players. Every path was crafted precisely to lead them a certain way. If a player was given a choice, the first with a haunted house and a sexy maiden screaming for help from a window or secondly a glowing sign that said zombie party this way, one could learn much from a player's decision making. There is nothing in the game to simply push a player into an erotic circumstance, but there are definitely ways to lead the horse to water.

Becky and many like her would be conditioned to be rewards for players. Becky could get it on with a virtual werewolf, vampire, ghost, zombie, tentacles of course and other horny creatures of the night. Becky would get triggered to act out a certain scenario in front of a green screen that Logan would provide and it would be filmed and added to the game depending on preferences of the gamers. There would be a level a player could eventually save a girl like Becky and for the right amount of money that player could get a special reward package and that girl would show up to show her appreciation to her hero. In essence Logan would then become a virtual pimp. Many games these days have extras players can buy to help them advance in the game. Any of these "sexual" extras would show up as a payment to the good people of Horrorween, just like any other tool the game would provide. No one would be any the wiser.

Logan had worked all the angles and scenarios out beforehand. He would not send for any of his hypno girls unless he was certain their conditioning was complete and they had taken care of all the necessary loopholes to explain their absence. They would all be required to leave their lives behind, and become paid employees. All expenses would be paid to bring them to the Horrorween headquarters, where they would get room and board and be happy to do whatever they were asked. The plan was diabolical to the core and Logan loved the sheer genius of it. Logan watched his first subject fall back in her computer chair, legs spread as her fingers started to roam against her wet slit freely without a care in the world.

----

Becky became lost in the fever of her wanton desires. As the subliminal sounds opened her subconscious to her sexual needs, she could no longer be satisfied to fall short of her orgasmic pleasure. Becky craved the release that had thwarted her in previous efforts. There was something now that was different. It was as if she did not know what her body was capable of until this very moment. Her fingers encircled around the swollen and sensitive clitoris, and like a maestro guiding a symphony, the perfection in the art of her playing drove her deeply into new erotic heights. She had never been so close to her goal as she was now. Her digits moved faster over her wet pussy with such urgency. A part of her wanted to fuck her pussy and break her hymen herself, but she settled with fingering herself just to the point of no return.

Moans escaped the horny 18 year old as she quickly approached her first orgasm. Every satisfied stroke across her clit made her hornier and hornier and without realizing it she was about to complete her conditioning as soon as she came. The orgasm would create an unbreakable bound as if she was signing a contract with her pussy. Once Becky came she would be one with Horrorween which was something she craved as much as the orgasm ready to explode within her. Moving her fingers slightly within her and rubbing her clit as it pulsed hotly she was at the very brink of what she wanted for so long. She absentmindedly pinched and pulled at her hardened nipples. Her b-cupped breasts never looked so tantalizing as they did at that moment. 

The combination of her playing with her nipples, fingering her damp pussy and stroking her clit, Becky moaned long and hard as her first orgasm hit her finally with such mind-numbing force. Her body stiffened as the first waves of pleasure crashed within her. In between waves she writhed and bucked against her computer chair crying out with such passion she did not know she was capable of. Becky finally knew what ecstasy felt like and she loved every moment of it. Another part of her mind, not yet realized knew something had changed with her pleasure release. Her orgasm as joyful as it was, was also a test she triumphantly just passed. As the voice returned to her head, she straightened her satiated body and listened as she received her new orders. This was followed by a need to cum again. She repositioned the camera to spotlight her bed and she climbed onto it making sure she was completely in the picture. Then in earnest, she spread her legs wide and began her way down the path for her second, third and fourth orgasms.

----

15 Days later, All Hallow's Eve, 11:55pm EST

The anticipation Logan had for his midnight offering was making him pace hoping that everything was ready for the big reveal. The audience would be limited as he wanted to make sure only the really sex-crazed, perverted and ultra-curious heterosexual males he had vetted through his XXX Easter egg hunt would be the only ones to lay witness to this unveiling. Becky Hammond and Laurel Ackers were deep in trance in front of the cameras in the studio they had setup. Logan had given them the directions while they were deep in trance, and as soon as the lights of the cameras went red, their roles would begin.

Laurel succumbed to Logan's hypnotic induction as easily as the other girls that were selected had. She had purchased Horrorween with her first and last paycheck at her new and now old job at the Burger Cave near the school's campus. She was in her 3rd year at North Madison Community College, and as she sat alone in her dormitory, she suddenly decided upon an unforeseen life change. She was a horny little girl who loved the idea of serving her new bosses with her own brand of spunky sexiness. A tennis playing enthusiast in the highest order, Laurel had a very athletic and toned physique. Her energy level was off the charts and the ease in which she could achieve multiple orgasms made the men in her life very prideful. She had never in her 21 years ever been tempted by the fruit of a woman. She was not attracted to the opposite sex, at least until Logan had implanted some triggers that might change her future outlook. In less than 1 minute, the cameras would come on and both Becky and Laurel would wake from their deep trance states. Things would never be the same for anyone after that, and Laurel would soon cross a new sexual threshold she had never dreamed she would ever cross.

When the red light came on, the girls were dressed in teal and gold cheerleader uniforms, but they were in tatters and dirty from their fight with the monsters in the landscape of Horrorween. They thought they were safe until the alien beam of light flashed down upon them from above. They were suddenly still as if caught in a web, unable to break free despite their outcries. Then as if the light were never there, the girls fell to the ground in a tizzy. When they looked up at each other, they could not help themselves from noticing each other's beauty. There was a sexual appeal that was not there previous to this very moment.

Laurel did not know what came over her, but she wanted the blonde's mouth on hers. It was obvious the thought was mutual because Becky crawled over to Laurel and without another thought moved her dark black hair away from her face and kissed her deeply. Laurel could not believe that she kissed her back. This was very unlike herself to want to kiss another girl, but Becky was beyond ravishing and the need to reciprocate was evident by her growing arousal. Their tongues darted playfully against each other, and even as aggressive as Becky had seemed at first towards Laurel, she felt a lack of experience in her kissing. Laurel decided to take charge and pulled away for a brief moment.

Getting onto her knees Laurel took Becky's head within her hands and let their eyes gaze at each other. Laurel was spellbound at the blonde's beauty. In all her life she had never looked at another woman as gorgeous at Becky. Her face was blemish free, her nose was pert and so cute, and her lips were puffy in a pouty, but sexy way women would pay money to have. Her blue eyes were so soft and alluring as if she could never do wrong in any way. Laurel needed this girl in the worst way.

Tilting Becky's head, Laurel kissed her long neck upwards to her chin with light soft pecks. Laurel felt her shudder in her grasp, and knew her kissing was having their intended effect. She loved being kissed this way and knew Becky would as well. Finally Laurel reached her mouth and teased those pouty lips with her own. Laurel held back from diving back into her mouth, wanting to savor the moment. She bit Becky's lower lip as tenderly as she could and drew it away slightly from her mouth. Once she let go, Laurel returned with a partly opened mouth to mouth kiss without any tongue. She felt Becky returning the tenderness, but the obvious tension between them pushed their mouths apart a little more. This time their tongues teased passionately rather than the feverish way they did a moment ago. As they kissed Laurel's hands moved around to the back of her new partner. One hand stayed to the small of her back while the other reached out to lift her torn cheerleader skirt. Once there, she grabbed Becky's curvy ass and gave it a gentle squeeze.

Laurel felt Becky's hands roll along her sides feeling the curve of her hips. Pulling at the hem, Laurel felt the younger girl attempt to lift her garment away from her torso. Helping her, she put her hands over her head and away went her top. As the cool air hit her exposed breasts Laurel realized for the first time she was not wearing a bra, something she always did. She had no time to contemplate as Becky took an immediate interest in her chest as she took them in both hands and tweaked each nipple with both her forefingers and thumbs as she guided Laurel to the ground. Laurel gasped at the girl's brazen move.

The only way to keep pace and slow Becky down was to remove her top as well. As if reading her mind Becky took off her top, also revealing no bra, then pulled down her skirt in one quick motion. A teal satin thong accentuated the sexy curves of her hips and ass. This young blonde was unbelievably appealing to Laurel in a way she had never thought of in a woman before. She felt her arousal grow just by looking at her amazing body. She was so unbelievably sexy, and it was obvious that the feeling was mutual.

----

Staring at the tan beauty in front of her, Becky could not fathom a woman being as attractive as this woman was right now. The silkiness and shimmer of her long black hair, her perfect c-cup breasts and the face of a movie star in the vein of an Olivia Munn. Becky has always appreciated the look of a pretty girl, but Laurel was smoldering hot in every way. If she ever had any kind of an attraction towards a woman, it certainly was not to the level it was at this moment. This girl was making Becky very aroused. She wanted to revel in her pure beauty, and needed to see her naked form as soon as possible. Never in her 18 years has she ever been this attracted to any one human being before. Looking down at her legs, so tan and glistening in the moonlight she needed to see more. Tearing away the tattered skirt in one quick move she smiled at seeing the same exact teal thong she was wearing. Without missing a beat Becky straddled Laurel's waist keeping the 21 year old from trying to take over again. She was in no mood to move slow, as sexy and appealing as it was, there was this intense desire to explore this beautiful woman immediately. She could not wait any longer.

Becky's hands found their way back to Laurel's perfect orbs as her mouth kissed her sexy taut belly at the same time. Despite her inexperience, Becky drove on in pure extinct alone, kissing up her tummy until her mouth smooched under each perky breast. Laurel's back arched in response and Becky took that as a signal that she was doing something right.

The fullness of Becky's lips took on Laurel's left nipple and she suckled very gently just as she would want done to her. Her tongue twirled around teasing her sensitive appendage. Then she used her teeth delicately around the hardened nip until Laurel squirmed beneath her. Becky pulled away, kissed between her breasts and let her mouth land on Laurel's right nipple as she had done with the left. This time Becky's left hand squeezed Laurel's left breast and let her fingers continue where her mouth had just worked its magic. At the same time Becky teased Laurel with more eagerness from her mouth. The lips, the tongue and the teeth all playing their part in Laurel's ever-growing arousal.

Becky could feel Laurel's resistance fade and she decided to snake down her tan body and she slid a hand unabashedly under her thong. Her fingers became instantly wet as they rubbed along her pussy lips. Finding her clit, Becky teased it just as she would her own. Using the woman's slick wetness, she slid her fingers around in mini circles and then up and down, moving in ways that made her moan and gyrate beneath her. The scent of Laurel's arousal made Becky yearn for more. Using her other hand Becky pulled down the thong far enough to see the perfection that was Laurel's pleasure spot.

Becky had never had the desire to go down on a girl until now, but the pleasant aroma was making her mad to taste the leaking nectar. She could not hold back the growing desire and licked a wet finger. Becky felt a wave of pleasure jar her senses and she nearly fell off of Laurel. Laurel tried to make a move to return the affection, but Becky was too fast and took back her position, and slid her tongue upwards over the wet slit, enjoying the delicious bounty she found. It was if tiny orgasms were going off within her as she enjoyed the taste of Laurel's pussy juices. She kind of had a similar experience when she gave Logan her first blowjob. The cum tasted amazing and she was always ready to give him another one whenever he asked. In fact some of the other guys in the Horrorween team tasted amazing as well and she was so delighted to give them some stress relief anytime they wanted as well. Now that Becky tasted Laurel, she found her taste irresistible as well. Maybe even more so.

Even with no bi-sexual experience she was a natural as Becky began to lap up Laurel's pussy like she was trying to dry her out. Teasing her clitoris with her wickedly fast tongue Becky felt Laurel was seconds away from a wonderful orgasm. That would make Becky so happy, so very happy.

----

She could not believe that this young girl was being so aggressive and Laurel was letting her. She wanted to take charge and do the same to her as she was doing to her. Her hands squeezing those delicate mounds. Her lips sucking on her nipples and her tongue teasing every inch of her sexy body. This girl was amazing and now she was doing the unforbidden and licking her pussy. Not in her wildest dreams had she ever thought this would happen to her. Not to mention the growing desire and curiosity to do the same. Did it really matter anymore to Laurel? She could not deny the urge within her any longer. She wanted what she wanted.

She felt the tongue push her sensitive nub in a way that sent pleasure to every part of her. Her orgasm was one more erotic twist of Becky's tongue away. Just as her clit was flicked again, she felt a finger push inside her pussy walls, and like a dam collapsing her body exploded in the taboo pleasure. Her hips undulated uncontrollably against the fucking digit as it thrust in and out of her as each pleasure wave came crashing to the shores of her consciousness. When Laurel became aware of her surroundings again, she looked up at the naughty blonde above her licking each finger with this devilish grin on her face. A sort of triumphant expression that had a most curious arousal to it. It was almost as if she had an orgasm too. That was when Laurel saw the wet stain on Becky's thong panty.

A shudder of arousal suddenly hit Laurel at the sight of Becky's wetness. She knew she had to taste it. She knew she had to lick Becky like she had just done to her. It wasn't a need to return the favor. It was more. She wanted it very badly. So badly in fact that she rose slightly, grabbed Becky and rolled her off and on top of her in one quick move like a mixed martial arts fighter might do in a fight. Her hands took the waistband of her thong and pulled it down her legs. Becky aided her by lifting each leg. The scent of Becky's pussy was heaven to Laurel's senses. It was so very intoxicating. She could not wait any longer. She had to taste Becky's pussy it was all she needed in the world at that second.

Pushing her sexy legs apart, Laurel did not hesitate to lick her first pussy. She felt this wanton desire for this beautiful doll she had never with any guy before. It was all new and sexy and wonderful. Her first taste of Becky was like ambrosia of the Gods. She had never tasted anything so pure and delicious in her whole life. Laurel felt this wave of pleasure roll through her and then came a second and a third and on and on as she relished in her new lesbian desire. Between the taste and the escalating pleasurable feelings Laurel was unable to stop herself. Even as she heard Becky's moans and knew how close she was to an orgasm, Laurel was sure that she might be close to having another one too. She wasn't even touching herself, but the pleasure could not be denied. Something was pushing her closer and closer to another climax.

Taking a slight breather, Laurel looked up at Becky's glistening sweaty, naked body and she was in awe that such a beautiful specimen could exist in this world. She returned to enjoy the sweet honey and it didn't take more than a few seconds before Becky shook from a powerful orgasm, then Laurel too felt her second climax hit her strong. Together they came and their naked sweaty bodies collapsed on top of each other. A stunning sexy visage that those that were lucky enough to witness were more than pleased to see.

----

You could not wipe the smile off of Logan's face. The Alien scene went off just as planned and the two lovely ladies followed their script perfectly. It would be the first of many more to come, and with 4 more ladies waiting their turn, and 22 more set to join the team over the next couple of weeks, there was no limit how much money could be made from his hypnotized slaves. This was just All Hallow's Eve. Tonight would be even more spectacular with the introduction of the orgasm ray gun. The players will love that one.