TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright c February 2005 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for 
profit.  This story may be freely distributed for personal 
use with this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

STORY CONTENT: Cuckoldry, MMM+/F, MMM+/M, Mdom, Fdom, TV, 
Male Feminization, Mind Control

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ 
THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE 
READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE 
GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, 
PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, 
SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND 
OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES' MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE


Father & Son Cuckolds Part 3
By C.D.E.

Before you read this story, please heed the story content 
bar above, as well as the general content caution warnings.  
This story is probably not everyone's cup of tea for a 
cuckold theme.

ABSTRACT: When Victor begins dating the vivacious Vy, he 
had no idea of the path that he and his family would end up 
on, after being introduced to, and then persuaded, then 
manipulated, and then totally controlled by his future in-
laws.  Victor also finds out his mother is not the woman he 
thought she was.  His mom is not only tempted by the lewd 
temptation cast her way by Vy's handsome black stepfather, 
but is willing and eager sexual prey for him.  That leads 
to her aiding Victor's new father-in-law to subjugate not 
only her son, Victor, but his dad as well, in a most 
interesting, but degrading manner.  This story is focused 
on the ordeal of father and son under the manipulation, 
psychological domination, and outright subjugation under 
their wives and their in-laws.  And yes, our favorite 
relationship counselor has a key role in the action here.  
Dr. Judy is very much in evidence after being brought in by 
the cunning Mr. Jones, Vy's step-father.


CAST:
Husband - Victor
Victor's wife - Vy
Vy's Father - Mr. Jones
Vy's Mother - Mrs. Jones
Victor's mother and father


(((((( FAMILY MEETING )))))))


	It was Friday night.  I went over to my folks for 
another special family meetings. 
	
 The subject matter seems to always be the same, my 
marriage or my in-laws - namely my Father-in-law, 
Mr. Jones.

	Mother usually calls these meetings when she believes 
we need to sit and talk about important issues. Tonight the 
topic was a proposal by Mr. Jones and the objections to it 
raised by dad and I. 

	"Mother, y-you really don't see anything wrong with 
Dad and I doing this for Mr. Jones?"

	"No honey I don't.  Your father has also tried to get 
me to take a stand against Mr. Jones too.  But I won't.  He 
has just been too good to and for me, and well for our 
marriage."

	I could sense that mother wasn't about to resist what 
my father-in-law wanted of her own son and her husband.

	"Sweetie, I love you and your father greatly, but is 
it asking too much for you two to cooperate and do this 
little favor for Mr. Jones?  He thinks you two are a 
natural and will bring in the money."

	"L-Little Favor?  B-But mother, it's bad enough doing 
it f-for him a-and his sons a-and their friends.  B-But 
it's a-another thing to-to..."

	"You might as well save your breath son.  S-She has 
made up her mind.  You and I will just have to accept what 
he wants us to do.  You know neither of us has the will to 
confront and talk him out of doing this."  Dad said with a 
pathetic tone in his voice.

	"Your father is right Victor.  Plus Mr. Jones says to 
raise the money he needs it shouldn't take more than a year 
if business is good.  Plus, he's already gotten his wife, 
Vy and me sold on his idea.  I don't see why you two should 
be left out if we women are willing to go along with his 
plans."

	"I-I see."  Was all I could say in reply.

	"I don't see why you and your father think you're too 
good to be sissy whores and take some strange dicks too.  
Anyway, neither of you are strangers to having a dick in 
your mouth or up your cute asses."

	Mother went on to remind father and I how long we have 
been cocksuckers and have given up our asses for mercy   
fucks by Vy's dad and her two brothers.

	I've kinda jumped ahead here, so I need to stop here 
and tell you, the reader, how dad and I got into  
cocksucking.

((((((HOW DAD & I BECAME COCKSUCKERS))))))

Dad and I were introduced into being cocksuckers a few 
weeks before my wedding to Vy.  I was introduced first at 
one of Dr. Judy's sessions.  She thought I should have a 
more intimate knowledge of a real man's dick and balls. She 
started me into what she called cock and cum adoration, 
which lead into me being a full-blown cocksucker. 

To help me bond closer with my in-laws, Dr. Judy 
solicited Mr. Jones and his two sons to help me with my 
cock and cum adoration therapy.  In a very short period of 
time, I was sucking on their very large, thick veined black 
dicks, frequently and often.

Mr. Jones and his son's dicks were very similar, 
except that his was a bit longer.  Each of their dicks were 
each about 8" long, thick in cross section, very straight - 
no curvature - with a wide flared head and a very 
pronounced pee slit. 

Both Dr. Judy, as well as Mr. Jones strongly 
emphasized, and demanded, that all ejaculate that was shot 
off in my mouth - no exceptions, was to be swallowed.  They 
both made it clear that their was to be no spitting out a 
load under any circumstances.

"There is to be no disrespect shown to any man that 
allows you the honor of sucking him off."  Dr. Judy told me 
in a stern tone.

To my amazement, I got very acclimated and fond of the 
taste of the men's gushing hot jism and actually delighted 
in swallowing the heavy slime being ejaculated in my mouth.  
It usually left a warm trail as it slid down my gullet.

Dr. Judy was very pleased at my progress and to hear 
me tell her these things.

 	Then after Mr. Smith started fucking mother and 
cuckolding dad in the process, dad was also initiated into 
cock and cum adoration and into being a cocksucker for the 
very man who cuckolded him.

	Like me, dad also was a frequent sucker of Mr. Jones' 
two sons, as well as a few of their, and their father's 
friends.

	When I first started sucking their rather large dicks, 
I couldn't help but admire how handsome and stately they 
were.  I became ashamed of my admiration for them as well 
as the delight of having them erupt in my mouth spurting 
and spewing their hot manly discharge and coating my 
tongue, gums and tonsils.  As my mouth filled with their 
gooey richness, I submissively and efficiently suckled it 
all down.

	After their ejaculation subsided, I softly milked the 
men's softening dicks for any residual oozing cum dregs. I 
was ashamed of just how satisfied I felt having sucked 
their man meat, consumed their lusty creamy outpouring, and 
now relishing that I had it in me.


(((DAD & I TRY TO BREAK THE HABIT)))))

	After some time, dad and I both discovered that we 
were becoming ashamed of our coerced delight at being 
cocksuckers and mutually decided that it was time to simply 
quit.

	However, we both came to see it wasn't that easy.  You 
see, My. Jones and his sons weren't people you just said no 
to, especially when their dicks were hard and they were 
excepting you to get their hard dicks sucked off.

In addition, Dr. Judy thought that instead of trying to cut 
back and quit, we should do it even more, and more 
frequently.

	Even though dad and I had come to respect Dr. Judy as 
someone who seemed to have all the right answers, we had 
not quite considered ourselves as full blown fags who 
thrived on having some man's dick meat between our lips.

	We devised a plan where we would get the ladies, that 
is mom and Vy to talk to them. The plan was for the women 
to appeal to the Jones men's sense of decency and get them 
to see that it just wasn't right for dad and I to be their, 
or anybody else's cocksuckers. 

	"Victor, remember now, Dr. Judy has said that it's 
good for you... and your dad too, to suck dicks and swallow 
a few hefty loads every week. She says it'll help both of 
you maintain a sense of understanding just how 
insignificant you two are as compared to real men.

	"Otherwise, you both potentially may fall back into a 
mode of exhibiting a silly false sense of pride where you 
may start believing that you all are equal to the type of 
real men whose dicks you've been sucking on.  Understand?"

	"I-I understand Vy, b-but I-I wish that your dad a-and 
brothers didn't..."

	"Darling, they're only trying to be helpful in helping 
you and your dad better understand and adjust to what is 
best for you.  It's for the same reason why I also fed you 
my cum filled pussy and why your mom is doing the same for 
your dad - that is, after other men fuck her. That's what 
Dr. Judy and all of us are doing, nothing more. And we all 
expect you and your dad to swallow every load that's shot 
off in your mouths, nothing less is unacceptable.  Remember 
the slogan that Dr. Judy taught you?

	"Y-Y-Yes."

	"Say it for me honey."

	"D-Do I-I hav..."

	"DAMN IT!  SAY IT!"

	"S-Suck every d-dick to completion a-and s-swallow 
every l-load completely."

"Very good Victor.  Now, just as we've all told you 
and your dad repeatedly, sucking dicks a dozen or so times 
a week is really not that big a deal, and you two should 
not feel the least bit offended in doing that if dad, my 
brothers and their friends want you to do theirs on demand. 
We love you and your dad.  Enough of your negativism 
darling, you must have a positive mental attitude about 
being a cock and cunt sucker and cum eater.  All right?"

	"O-Okay Vy, I-I see your point."  I said feeling 
overwhelmed, and again made to feel guilty, because I was 
questioning why dad and I were being expected to suck so 
many dicks and so often.

	Later that evening after talking with dad, he also 
admitted not being successful with mom on the same subject.

	"No son, she two was very favorable of us continuing 
to be cocksuckers for Vy's step-father, brothers and their 
many friends.  As Vy said to you, your mother also strongly 
believes that we must stay the course."

	Dad came to the conclusion that the best thing for us 
was to be satisfied with our situation and continue to 
submit and suck when asked or told.  

	"And get fucked too."  I added softly.

	"Yes son, SIGH!... you're right."  Was all dad said as 
gave a loud sigh with his words.

We were both fearful that if we showed any more 
reluctance, Dr. Judy might also increase our monthly number 
of paddle strokes in our "anti-non-cooperation" training 
therapy.

Paddle strokes that were given to us by our respective 
wives.

Dr. Judy had also discussed giving Mr. Jones the privilege 
of paddling us too.  Something we both didn't want to 
happen.


((((BACK TO OUR FAMILY MEETING ))))

	Mother's assertion about us as sissy whores did cause 
us shame, however, the truth of the matter was that dad and 
I had become acclimated to sucking the three Jones's dicks 
- Mr. Jones and his two adult sons, and a select few of 
their friends.  We also had become very acclimated to the 
taste of their thick gooey slimy hot semen.

	Even though embarrassed and ashamed of our acquired 
taste for the jism fed us, Dad and I also were just as 
humiliated that we loved eating our wives sloppy gloppy 
cunts. Creampie pussy made that way after better men than 
us, had fucked our wives.

	Dr. Judy knew this and steered us, through her 
therapy, to see this as nothing to be ashamed of, but 
rather to be proud of.  She strongly urged us to revel in 
the fact that we found the taste of used messy slimy pussy 
delicious.

	Dr. Judy was always encouraging Dad and I to become 
more uninhibited in our thoughts and actions to counter our 
perceived shame at seeing ourselves as becoming more 
effeminate.  She urged and drove us to become un-restrained 
in our thoughts and let ourselves fully embrace more 
effeminate promiscuous behavior, and not see anything wrong 
with doing so. 

	"You two should feel comfortable sucking any man's 
dick at anytime or place if asked."  She said to us.

	Through her therapy, she soon had us wearing panties, 
garter belts, nylons, and lacy camisoles regularly under 
our normal male clothes.  In addition, she had dad and I 
taking "Dressing in Drag" lessons.  

	As part of our therapy, we were required to 
occasionally dress in partial, or total drag during the 
weekends, while we serviced the Jones men, and occasionally 
a few of their buddies.  We often did this sexual service 
in front of our wives, and Mrs. Jones.  The women always 
seem to get a kick out of seeing us take care of the men.

	And always at such times, dad and I were the "oral 
clean up maids" for the slimy dicks and over flowing gloppy 
cunts that resulted from all the fucking that occurred on 
such events.

	Having to suck and milk on slimy, pussy gunk covered 
dicks, became a staple at these orgy events.  Dad and I 
came up with the term "chocolate cream bars", since the 
dicks in our mouths were always black.

	The men often forced us to suckle them slowly, rather 
than just lick and lap their large stately penises clean.  
As a result, their cocks many times would erect and they 
made us continue sucking on them until they erupted in our 
mouths to a full creamy completion.

	Dad and I both experienced the same odd feeling, when 
the soft flaccid cock we were cleaning and milking for 
oozing cum, would slowly erect between our lips.

	It was a feeling of strange self-satisfaction.  I say 
that because despite dad and I having a gripe for being 
dominated and subjugated, as we were by Mr. Jones and his 
family. We nevertheless couldn't deny that we both admired 
the magnificence of the men's penises we had to attend to, 
even if in such a servile and debasing manner. 

	We both didn't know how much of this came from 
Dr. Judy's training or from within us - that is since we 
were both short dick guys.  Nevertheless, if the man became 
erect as a result of our handling and mouthing efforts, it 
gave us both a strange sense of accomplishment.  If the man 
chose to reward us with his creamy cum, that added to our 
sense of achievement.

	Dr. Judy also stressed that dad and I should always 
feel a sense of bonding and connectivity to a man whose cum 
was in us. She always told us "You should always feel good 
knowing you're carrying a real man's sperm in you.  If 
others know about it, that should cause you to have an even 
greater sense of pride."
	
	Dr. Judy would also strongly encourage dad and I to 
talk at length about this subject, as well as about how we 
felt as we also licked many, many sets of hairy balls. Her 
goal was to get us to see that such acts and gestures of 
subservience was beneficial to us achieving an inner 
serenity and peace of mind.

	"Victor, it's good and therapeutic for you and your 
dad to talk openly and freely about these experiences.  
Just as I've repeatedly advised and counseled both of you 
that masturbation is a normal natural sexual act for you 
two, and for it to be your sole means of sexual 
satisfaction, if that's the way your wives desire it to be.

"In addition, I want you two to also accept that it's 
completely normal and natural for you and your dad to 
perform oral clean up of your wives and their lovers.  You 
two should also be proud and delighted at consuming the 
left over fluids of their lusty encounters."

	Dad and I had it drilled into us over and over again 
by Dr. Judy, that it was our responsibility to deal with 
men's spend to the satisfaction of the man ejaculating.

	"You two are natural cum consumers and should swallow 
all that you suck out of dicks or out of cunts."  Dr. Judy 
said to us.

	Another thing that especially delighted Dr. Judy, as 
well as the Jones and their men friends, was that dad and I 
had become exceptional at being deep throated.

	We both were able to take dicks deep in our throats 
and accept men's powerful ejaculations with none or minimal 
choking and gagging.

	Dad and I had become accustomed to these strong men 
occasionally slamming their rigid dicks to the back of our 
throats and holding our heads as they shot their copious 
hot gooey loads.

	Dr. Judy was very proud of us for adapting and 
accepting this as something to expect and being comfortable 
treated that way.
	 
Dr. Judy was very satisfied at her contribution to our 
cocksucking and pussy sucking efficacy as well as helping 
us to be unashamed at becoming voracious cum eaters. 

Dad and I both were still rather embarrassed that we 
were being treated like sissies by our wives and "their 
real men".  However, Dr. Judy's calming voice, and guidance 
helped us to see that it was normal and natural for them to 
do so, and that we should be comfortable and confident that 
we could do the things expected of "good" sissies. 

Dad and I were told by Dr. Judy that we had to accept 
that we were naturally submissive and not strong enough to 
resist such real men as the assertive Jones (and their 
friends), as they imposed themselves on us mentally and 
sexually.  

Dr. Judy encouraged us to openly and freely talk about 
our experiences with the Jones men and their interaction 
with our wives.  She also required dad and I to mutually, 
and slowly stroke each other's pricks during these 
sessions.

It was during these sessions that Dr. Judy frequently  
mentored us on tips and techniques at how to better please 
men's dicks.  Dad and I at first were not very talkative 
about such things at these sessions.  However, as time went 
on and the more times we sucked cocks, we found ourselves 
participating more in the discussions with Dr. Judy.  She 
was very delighted, I might add.

These sessions also dwelled on being better cunt 
suckers as well as feeling good about having to deal with 
men's semen given to us from spurting dicks or lapped up 
from cunts.

Dad and I had to admit that Dr. Judy really helped us 
have a positive mental attitude about being submissive 
cocksuckers and cuckolds, and especially about us getting 
ass fucked.

Dr. Judy had us accept that it was better for us to 
capitulate to the will of the Jones men and our wives, than 
resist them.  She also got us to see that it was easy to 
adapt to this lifestyle change and for it to be a normal 
part of our marriages too.

	But back to Mr. Jones whoring out his harem of Dad & I 
along with his wife, his daughter - my wife - and mother.  
You see Mr. Jones wants to raise a large sum of money to 
build a mansion on some land he has.  A house big enough 
for all of us to live in together.  A house where we all 
will be at his beck and call - sexually and otherwise. 

	We were not thrilled at his idea, but again dad and I 
knew that we were not strong enough to stand up to the 
imperious Mr. Jones, or the strong willed women - our wives 
- who were very much influenced, if not under Mr. Jones' 
total control. 

Dad and I both feared what it's going to be like if we 
have to live under the same roof with him as our "master of 
the manor".

	However, dad was afraid that Mr. Jones could take 
mother away from him, since Mr. Jones had won her over with 
his seemingly ever-hard big dick and ability to make her 
have multiple orgasms.

	Dad, like me with my new bride, being of less that 
average endowment always had a difficult time getting 
mother off without using his mouth as a supplement in 
addition to the action of his small prick.

	When Mr. Smith seduced mother in such a brazen manner, 
Mr. Smith also invited dad to start cleaning up mother's 
cunt with his mouth after Mr. Smith had used her to his 
"fucking" satisfaction.

	Dad had only been in a few sessions with
Dr. Judy at the time, but got to feeling better about being 
unmanly, but a bit reticent to taste another man's jism.  
However, when mother urged him on, or face losing her - in 
fact she insisted and demanded that he suck her lover's 
jism from her slimy sloppy pussy - dad capitulated to do as 
the woman he loved desired of him.

"When she told him "Honey, just because you're licking 
another man's cum out of my pussy won't change my feelings 
about you as a real man.  You just have to remember that 
your tongue makes me feel good and my knowing you're 
lapping and sucking up the spermy leavings of a better man 
helps my mental kink.  A kink that not even Mr. Jones and 
his big robust dick can give me.  Through your wonderful 
suction, you're not only helping me relive the delight his 
cock has given me, but your mouth will actually intensify 
it dear.  So honey, please, no more talk.  Just put your 
mouth on my pussy and make me happy like only you as my 
husband can."

	Even though humiliated, her words did offer some 
comfort to dad that she still loved and needed him, even if 
not in the way he would desire it to be.

	While dad was somewhat upset about the way Mr. Jones 
had taken over mother, but he had to concede that she was 
getting more good sex in the last few weeks than the whole 
of their many years of marriage.  Like me, even though we 
both didn't like him, we both had to admire Mr. Jones's 
macho manner and masterful ways. 

	My future bride had warned me that her father had a 
few quirks that I might have to get use to in order to get 
on his good side.  Little did I ever realize that it would 
go to the extent that it has and the effect her father 
would have on my family, our lifestyles, and me.
	


(((A SESSION WITH DR. JUDY ABOUT SUCKING COCKS))))

	"Victor, all throughout history, the real men in 
society have imposed themselves on lesser men when it came 
to such situations as you and Mr. Jones and his sons found 
themselves.  You being of lesser stature and with your 
experience as a sucker of used pussy, you were the obvious 
choice to suck their throbbing dicks and taste their hot 
sperm. Plus they were your in-laws and what better way for 
you to bond closer with them than to taste their penis meat 
and drink down their cum.  By the way, was it hot and 
gooey?"

	"Y-Yes a-and there w-was so much of it too.  T-Their 
spurts were so forceful too."  I replied.  Afterwards I 
wondered if I shouldn't have answered her question.  That 
is, because I've noticed with Dr. Judy, once she gets you 
talking, she'll keep persisting for more and more 
information.

Mother was present at this session with dad and I. She 
was listening intently at the discussion.  This was her 
first time at one of our sessions with Dr. Judy.

After a few moments of listening, she interjected and 
made a proposal. 

	"Victor, I think your mother's idea of a demonstration 
is a great one.  You two sucking each other's cock will 
give you an idea of the difference between a real man like 
Mr. Jones and a lesser males like you two."  Spoke Dr. Judy 
gleefully.

	Neither dad nor I together were able to dissuade 
mother or Dr. Judy in their desire for us to humiliate 
ourselves even further than we'd done before.

After a short while, we were both mentally browbeaten.  
He and I could not find any further mental resolve to 
resist the two strong willed women, and hence capitulated 
to their demand.  

It seemed that whenever Dr. Judy would make it clear 
that there was no other alternative to one of her ideas, 
suggestions, or recommendations, dad and I would always 
resign ourselves to the fact that we had to obey her 
without further questioning.

"Good!  Now that you two are undressed, here let's get 
you properly positioned."  Spoke Dr. Judy as she and mother 
led dad and I to arrange us into a head-to-toe "69" 
posture.

"There, now you're ready. All nice and firm for your 
son's mouth.  Is he ready too?" Dr. Judy asked of mother 
who was also slowly fondling my prick in the same manner as 
was Dr. Judy doing for dad.

"Oh yes, my baby's little peter is quite ready for he 
and his dad to spend some quality, father son time 
together."  Spoke mother with glee in her voice.  It was 
obvious she was rather thrilled at our perverted 
predicament.

Yet, even though I thought of it as perverted, I was 
nevertheless excited at the pleasure I was soon to receive 
in the warm wet confines of dad's mouth.  And I assumed so 
was he, for his very erect prick, which was right in my 
face and slightly longer than my 4 inches.

"Ready! Set! SUCK!"  Shouted mother as she and 
Dr. Judy simultaneously guided each of our throbbing cocks 
into each other's mouths and urged us on in our double oral 
efforts.

	Despite the degradation we were being made to suffer, 
the need for relief overruled our concerns about decency.  
You see, Dr. Judy had made us wear cock locks for 2 
straight weeks, so dad and I were horny.

	"SLURP! SLURP! SLURP!" The mingled sounds of our 
feverish sucking sounds filled the air.  Out of the corner 
of my eye, I could see mother her dress raised, hand in 
panties, rubbing herself off and obviously enjoying the 
spectacle before her on the floor.  Dad and I were fucking 
each other's mouths eagerly as we tightly gripped each 
other's naked ass cheeks to make sure we were providing as 
much pleasure as we were giving.

	Those were Dr. Judy and mother's condition for 
permitting us to get off this way.  I don't think either 
dad or I knew why, but we felt we just had to do as we were 
told.

	A short time later, we both were ejaculating into each 
other's sucking devouring mouths and swallowing each 
other's cum wantonly.  Mother was also getting off at the 
same moment.

	After dad and I settled down and begin to uncouple, 
our soft flaccid pricks slipped from each other's drooling 
lips.  It was then that we noticed that Dr. Judy was busy 
video taping the entire scene, including mom, who exhibited 
no shame at her open unabashed masturbation actions.
 
 Then as if nothing else could go awry for dad and I, 
in walks Mr. Jones and his two sons.

	He called his sons over and he and them had dad and I 
suck each of them off also in front of mother and Dr. 
Judy's camera.  

Needless to say, our humiliation was great.

The three of them each shot very respectable gooey 
slimy loads into each of our mouths.  Dad and I both were 
too shocked and ashamed to resist being subjugated by the 
group.  Mother was also fucked by each of the Jones, and 
both dad and I had to lick and eat her out a few times, all 
in front of Dr. Judy's camera.

After everyone had composed and redressed, the Jones 
left and mother went with them. Mr. Jones loudly told dad 
and I he had some tricks for mother to take care of.

Dad and I cringed somewhat, but sat silent as mother 
eagerly and cheerfully rushed to go with the three men to 
do her share of whoring for Mr. Jones.  She threw dad and I 
a kiss as she told him not to wait up late.

We were left with Dr. Judy. 

"Don't look so sad."  Dr. Judy said looking at dad. "I 
bet you find yourself anxiously waiting to taste her 
frequently fucked whorish pussy, the more it is flavored 
with the semen of hundreds, if not thousands of loads from 
different and strange men's dicks, the better it'll taste 
to you.  And that applies to you too Victor in reference to 
Vy."

"Y-Yes ma'am."  I sheepishly replied as dad looked at 
me, and I at him.  He said nothing.  

You see dad and I had observed that as mother fucked 
more, her soft hairy pussy meat indeed did develop a more 
full bodied richer taste.  A taste very similar to what I'd 
been accustomed to with my new bride.

Dr. Judy had repeatedly told me that 
"sucking your wife's fucked slimy frothy dripping cunt, 
after a real man had made it messy that way, is one of the 
most intimate expressions of love a husband can give his 
wife.

"It is even more touching and cherished by her if you eat 
her out after a group of men gang bang her and leave you 
all of their melded gloppy gooey spend to consume."

Dad and I both had come to realized the reality of her 
wisdom, for it was true, both our wives really were 
thrilled and ecstatic about our loving oral affection to 
their adulterous jism oozing cunts.

Mother by all definitions, was already a seasoned slut 
when Mr. Jones asked her to whore for him.  So it wasn't a 
big transition for her, or Vy or Vy's mother.  It was for 
dad and I, for we'd only sucked the dicks of the three 
Jones and select friends of theirs - and each other's 
pricks and only earlier that afternoon.

Dr. Judy seemed to be reading our minds.

"I know you two are a bit worried about sucking for 
cash.  Don't be, the most important thing for you two to 
worry about is taking care of the customers. Let Mr. Jones 
handle everything else. 

"Just remember, keep your teeth out of the way and 
always swallow the customer's jism.  To do otherwise is a 
sign of disrespect."

She went on to give a pep talk and to let us know that  
we should revel in the abundant loads of semen that men 
will impart to us. 

"I know you two haven't sucked a lot of dicks, or 
drank a large variety of real men's warm gooey sperm.  But 
You've got the basics down from the many blowjobs you've 
given the Jones.  So don't sweat it. I just know both of 
you will do well as suck whores.  And just as with the 
Jones, I want you to lick all the men's balls for them.  
That'll make you a hit with all your customers or Johns.  
Okay?"

Dad and I could only look at her and slowly shake our 
head - that is up and now.

Dr. Judy, being the concerned doctor that she is, also 
gave us more of the previous sissy douche she'd provided 
before when we prepared ourselves for the first time for 
the Jones.

Mother oversaw dad and my preparations that first 
time.  Mother was so excited as she helped up prepare and 
get us ready to be fucked by the same men - the Jones -
who'd already fucked her numerous times.


((((MOTHER & DAD & I))))))

	Instead of being more like a wife to him, mother has 
become more like a true mom to dad, as well as I, since our 
family entered what I like to call the "Jones era". 

	I say that because mother has basically become 
enamored with Mr. Jones's big black dick and those of his 
twin sons as well as friends of both father and sons.

	Mother at this time had been fucked by many black 
studs, young ones (in their 20s) and those of Mr. Jones' 
age too.

	Mom just didn't have much time for giving dad some of 
her pussy, that is except to let him (and me many times) to 
suck her studs' jism out.  It didn't take dad long to see 
that his role in the household had changed.

	However, even though mother was now exclusively now a 
cunt for black men to fuck, she nevertheless always 
remained nurturing to dad and I in our new roles as sissy 
males and husbands.

	Mother was a firm supporter of us following the 
philosophy and therapy of Dr. Judy, which stressed that it 
was better for dad and I to be submissive husbands, accept 
our lesser roles, and be as effeminate as our wives' real 
men desired of us.

	To that end, mother arranged that we three had dinner 
three times a week.  As we ate and sat around the table, 
mother demanded that dad and I talk at length about our 
sexual activities during the week, including what we had 
been involved in and upcoming events.  She did the same.

	She particularly liked for us to two to go into 
details on the size and shape of dicks that we sucked or 
got fucked by, as well as the taste of the man or men's 
jism, and how was it nuzzling on their hairy balls. Dad and 
I had to do that or she would get very angry.  Therefore we 
did as she wanted, even if we had to make things up, which 
99% of the time we didn't.

	She really liked us having discussions about the 
taste, volume, and characteristics of different men's 
creamy ejaculate.  Sometimes dad and I would end up having 
a very free flowing discussion on this subject as well as  
on dick sizes and shapes.  At times, he and I sounded like 
two whores discussing clients.

	It was easy to tell from her facial expression, that 
mother just loved hearing us talk.

	Mother also liked for us to talk about the names men 
called us as we sucked or were getting fucked by them.  She 
also liked for us to talk about our feelings and what we 
were thinking about as we jack off - which is literally how 
dad and I get off most of the time.  The other times, he 
and I did a 69 with each other, with the full approval and 
support of Vy and mom.

	These discussions have the overall effect of being 
very humiliating in two ways for us.  For dad, hearing his 
wife talk of her lewd and outrageous wanton whorish ways 
with many different black men.  This initially humiliated 
him horrendously.  The same for me, because she was my mom.

	The second way for both of us, was talking of our 
cocksucking and being ass fucked, by different black men 
too.

	However, as dad and I slowly discovered over time, he 
and I became more like mother and had lost any shame we 
had, as we eagerly and freely discussed how well men fucked  
and filled us with their sperm, and treated us as low life 
sluts.

	As I mentioned earlier, Since mother was now more like 
an authority figure to dad and I, it seemed, whether she 
planned it or not, that dad and I eagerly sought her praise 
for our actions.

Whether it was boasting of our dick taking and being a 
willing sperm receptacle for one or a group of horny black 
men, we each delighted in her approval or compliments of 
our achievements.

Mother encouraged, condoned, and strongly supported 
our effeminate sissy behavior and always reinforced that we 
were doing the right thing for ourselves and our marital 
relationships.  She stressed that our strength was in being 
submissive sissies and doing what she and Vy, and their 
men, demanded of us.  It was always done in a very warm and 
caring nurturing manner.  Dad and I appreciated her gentle 
maternal and parental approach as she stressed our 
strengths and our weaknesses, especially being worthless as 
men.

"I'm so proud you two for all the wonderful things you 
do to please the men with their big hard dicks, and to take 
all that good hot sweet cum they give you as a reward.  
Here let me give both of my sissies a nice big hug."  
Mother said as she embraced each of us from where she was 
sitting at the round kitchen table.

Looking at dad after embracing him, she said. "Dear, 
it really pleases me, and lets me know you truly love me to 
become a white fag whore for the black man fucking me and 
who has you jacking off because he has me denying you any."  
Mother said in a sweet tone to dad as she beamed a broad 
smile, that seemed to include a bit of a smirk, and kissed 
him on the forehead.

Dad was pleased at the praise and only smiled, despite 
that I knew that the context of her words may have bothered 
him a bit. He said nothing.  He later told me he figured it 
wouldn't add any value to the conversation, as it had 
already been decided that he had to become a sissy whore 
for Mr. Jones, whether he consented or not.  That's just 
the way it was to be.

Mother next looked at me.

"Victor, your dad and I are so proud of you for the 
being the wonderful son you are, as well as the delightful 
husband you've developed into.  Sweetie, your seeing the 
light, you did what you had to do to keep Vy yours to 
marry, is so commendable.  You can be sure that you did the 
right thing to get back on your knees and lick up all the 
cum that her men friends deposited in her well-used cunt.  
You'll only happy by continuing to do that for her.

"You set an example that your dad followed and that 
other white males should follow. You wife hardly has time 
for you or your little prick, and you remain faithful and  
steadfastly beat your meat off.  That's the right thing for 
you to do dear.

"Both of you'll do well as whores for Mr. Jones and 
you should be proud that he's giving you the opportunity to 
suck dicks for him." 


"Also Victor, Mr. Jones thinks we should start calling 
you Vicki."   And from that time on, mother and even Vy did 
just that on frequent occasions.

END PART 3
