Emma Watson and the Regal Shaft
(magic celeb Mf MMf Ff ws anal fisting squirt oral teen)
Warning the following story depicts acts of consensual sex between teenagers. If stories concerning this disturb you, then you really shouldn't be looking for stories like this, should you?

This story is purely a work of fiction and fantasy. The depictions within are not based on the real life preferences of Emma Watson, Daniel Radcliffe, or Bonnie Wright or any other character living, dead, or imaginary and any resemblance should be put down to coincidence. The author hopes that if anybody mentioned in the stories reads them, they will regard them only as flattery. If they can provide technical expertise that can be of use in future stories in the series, then please drop the author an email. 

Its a sunny day and were on a coach trip. Yep I know thats not a thrilling start, but hey, Im too tired to be interesting.
It was a 6am call to catch the coach and lets just say Daniel kept me up all night. Im cuddled up to him now. No, its not anything serious; apparently he is not looking for a stable relationship. Still, its nice once in a while, and as Dame Maggie says, a growing girl needs a good variety of cocks.
Bonnie and Rupert are here, as are Matt, Evanna, Katie and the Phellps twins. Apparently, the film company has scored us some VIP passes to Glastonbury. Sometimes its hard going being an actress!
The coach driver shows some kind of pass to a guy on the gate. A girl in a high-visibility jacket jumps on, looks non-plussed when she sees who we are, then starts giving the driver directions. 
After what seems like miles, we arrive outside a small marquee. We get directed off and inside. To my surprise, a familiar face is waiting for us, and the story behind the tickets clicks into place. Bonnie and I exchange apprehensive glances.
I know you, Daniel starts, youre Mr...
...Lynn, Round Table Records, yes, I was at your castings for the films. New Job now. A couple of us promotions execs are having a competition to see which companies can get the best celebrities on our guest list. I think Ive won! Merlin smiles a smile that seems designed to win over the hardest of hearts.
Now, Ive got two runners with Land Rovers ready to take you and your stuff to the V.I.P. campsite. Here are your wristbands, youve each got a tent, sleeping bag, novelty large hat, poncho, glasses and other disguises, all courtesy of Round Table, if you want to go around without the hassle. And here is a number for a runner if you want food, drinks, beer or a lift anywhere. All on us, of course. Have fun and Ill see you about.
It wasnt hard to fathom by the look he has just given me and Bonnie that he expects to see us very soon. So much for a quiet life.
Tents up. Stuff unpacked, ready to rock! Well, I would be if an old wizard wasnt about to ask me to do something for him. Bonnie and I decide to walk back over slowly and indirectly. Most of the rest have wandered off around the site. Daniel said he had apparently seen some interesting horses by the gates. Sometimes I wonder what type of stable relationship he is looking for.
We enter the tent to be greeted by not just Merlin, but another guy and the all too obvious smell of beer. It takes me a few seconds or so to match the new guys face, or rather costume, with a name. Hes The Onlooker, a folk-pop artist who is playing one of the stages. You must have seen him; hes one of the big new things, a blind guy who sings long and tedious songs about morally bankrupt societies.  He was actually on my pre-festival list of acts to avoid. In person he is imposing, even if sitting down, a big bulky twenty-something year old with a face that looked to have aged beyond its years. He has on a battered denim shirt with a battered pair of jeans.
Emma, Bonnie, come on in, wheezes Merlin, waving a tankard, this is an old friend of mine.
Im immediately suspicious, old friends of Merlin probably dont turn up at random.
How old? I ask, possibly a bit too coldly.
Shes good this one. The Onlooker speaks slowly, not bothering to hide a patronising tone. Well, my father was the court jester for King Vortigen, thats how old.
Who?
Typical, they know nothing of their history. He snorts.
King Vortigen ruled England before Arthurs father, Uther, Merlin explains, dangerous man to be involved with.
Rubbish king. The Onlooker waves his tankard around, spilling something red coloured.
Yep, rubbish king, good tyrant though.
Yeah, good tyrant, if you like that kind of thing. He had my dad put to death for not being funny. Now thats a rule we need now, no more Jim Davidson DVDs, anyway, Merlin had me smuggled to a monastery when I was 7 or so. I left there a few centuries later and kind of travelled.
A few centuries? Bonnie laughs. She had wandered over to the table at the side of the tent and picked up two cans of beer, walking back, she offers one to me. I crack it open and start to drink. Surprisingly, it tastes rich and not fizzy. I briefly lose track of the room as a warm wave of real ale taste washes over me. 
Yeah, one thing my dad taught me was how to sense magic in the air and use it. It means that I can absorb magic to help me stay youngish. Glastonbury is a great place for me, so much magic buzzing around.  It also means I can sense when people use magic, and so I came here to tell Merlin that I felt a new, strong magic user in England. That, Im told is Emma. As a warning, I doubt Im the only one who has seen your arrival on the scene. While they wont be able to find you as quick as I can, they are coming. So be careful.
I mutter something apologetic. 
Anyway, to business... Merlin stands up.
To business ! The Onlooker yells and raises his tankard in a toast. Bonnie half-heartedly raises her can while laughing.
No, what I mean is we need to concentrate on our mission. For that, Bonnie and Emma need training, in swordplay.
Swordplay? I gasp.
Learn to understand the weapon of your enemy, and you learn to understand them. Besides, you will need to know how to handle a sword by the end of tomorrow. Right, there are three training swords there, take them out back. Dont worry, they are pretty blunt.
Three?
Im not allowed a blade, The Onlooker murmured, since I took holy orders in the monastery, all I can carry is a staff.
Bonnie and I grab the swords and take them out of the back of the tent, into a nice, large, empty field with a copse behind it. 
An hour later and my arms are aching from holding the damn thing, my legs are aching from tripping over under the force of the blows and my head is aching as I have clouted myself one too many times with the weapon. Im not as bad as I was, but hardly a great improvement. Bonnie is much better that me, she even managed to disarm Merlin. The Onlooker is just too quick for both of us; his hearing is almost as good as having eyes. He can also, apparently, sense me through my magic, so I can never get any kind of hit in. 
Then it strikes me. Were two teenage starlets, in a field at a music festival, being beaten at a sword fight by two drunk men who have combined ages probably well beyond 3000 years. And one of them cant see. Ive had enough of this.
Look, Ive got magic, which do I need this? I yell as I throw the sword to the ground. 
So young, and already so unknowing. The Onlooker chuckles at me. If you really think you are that good, try and hit me with your tricks, little girl.
He seems intent on annoying me, and a teenage girl who can throw fireballs is not a person to annoy. More annoyingly, he side steps my fireball.
From the corner of my eye, I can see Merlin and Bonnie making a swift exit back to the tent. I throw a few more balls of fire, followed by clumps of ice, all getting the same result, nothing. Well, a little result, that familiar tinkling in my pussy is back. I try to think of what could be too quick for him, and settle on a mild bit of lightening. The moment I cast the spell, I can see him swing is staff, the next thing I know Im flat on my back and smoking slightly. I hear his laughter all too clearly.
Expect the unexpected.
What the hell was that?
My staff is of English Oak but over the centuries, Ive travelled to holy men in every continent to get it blessed. As well as being unbreakable, it sometime ago acquired the ability to reflect magic. Now, up on your feet and try again. Youre not hurt.
I shake my head clear and leap to my feet. My favourite jacket now has a small hole in the chest where my magic rebounded.  Feeling frustrated by my lack of impact on this old guy, I plan a new attack. I look around and see we are surrounded by trees on three sides. Perfect. I close my eyes and concentrate on the trees, I can feel them willing to respond to me, the air too is mine to command. Nobody laughs at Emma Watson unless the scriptwriters want them to. 
I uproot a dozen trees on either side of me and coax them into the air; it is just as if I have twenty four giant arms holding them in the air. I open my eyes and stare at this man before me before letting loose with the trees, throwing them at him, driving him back into the woods behind him. The trees are much more of a problem to him than my other magic, as soon as I let go, there is no magic controlling them, his hearing telling him just in time to dart away, but I dont mind. He is falling into my trap.
Safe in the woods, my trees cant chase him, but they can stop him leaving. I block the path behind me with the trees and enter the wood. My senses are heighted. These trees feel different to the trees elsewhere, more magical. I am getting more and more horny as I walk further in. In front of me, The Onlooker continues to taunt me. 
I make my move, and transform into a squirrel. Slipping out of my clothes, I race up the nearest tree until Im forty feet above him. I leap from tree to tree, looking down on my prey. Below me, he is confused. I conjure up various bits and bobs to rain down on him. Magical missiles fall out of the sky around him, distracting my foe. When I am confident that he is being diverted by all these magic echoes, I leap out of the tree over him.  Magic slows my fall and transforms be back into Emma Watson, teenage girl. Im too intent on the win to be bothered that I am now naked. Too late, he notices me and can just brace himself before I land on him, bringing us both crashing to the ground. 
He didnt stop me as a tear at his clothes, pulling his shirt open so I can feel his chest, dragging his jeans down to free his cock. Within moments, I sink myself onto his erection. I gasp as he bottoms out in me then I start riding this man like there is no tomorrow. His hands are soft and warm on my arse, supporting me as my legs pump for all they are worth. I dont care that I am doing all the work, or that anybody could find us, all I want to do is cum. He leans forward to suck on one of my teenage tits, but no, I am in control, he is just there for his cock, I push him down as I arch my back, moments from that glorious climax.
It floods over me, the warmth and glory of a much deserved orgasm. I feel the magic flow into me, more powerful than ever, the world is clearer than ever, but it is over too soon. The visions fade after no time. Under me, The Onlooker is spurting his seed in me. Drained, I collapse on him.
Wow. He pants after a while. Can you always see the world around you when you cum?
How did ...?
I saw it too, for the first time in millennia, I saw colour. I absorbed your vision like I absorb all magic. That was one of the most powerful experiences Ive ever had.
It wasnt too bad from up here either! I joke.
Before embarrassment set in, I summon my clothes and put them on. I help the old man up. 
I only saw you for a moment, but you are a beautiful girl, he growls, it isnt often I get to tell anybody that!
I look at him and notice a change. You look younger.
Magic replenishes me; your orgasm probably took two years off me!
Back in the tent, Bonnie and Merlin share a knowing glance as we enter. You two are quite finished? She asks.
My attempts to fain innocence dont go down to well.
Emma, we all know about what happens when you use magic. Besides, you are smirking and he somehow looks younger. If that wasnt enough, you both have twigs in your hair. Anyway, Merlin was about to tell us why we are here.
I sit down in a deck chair and open the beer that Bonnie gives me. 
Merlin clears empties his tankard and rests it on the table in front of him. Okay, now, back in the days before Arthur, I was of need of a great sword to help fight for justice.  To get it, I found the most powerful sorceress in the land, a creature of great power who called herself The Lady of The Lake. Her power came from the waters of the magical lake. Years later, this sword was the one that Arthur pulled from the stone, it was Excalibur, the true sword of the King. At his death, he bid me to return it to The Lady of the Lake. When it was flung into the lake, she reached up a hand to take it and guard it until it was needed again. 
That lake was here. When the monks of the abbey owned the land they drained it. They said it was to farm the land, but it was really because they feared her power. The old ways repulsed their world view. We need that sword back before Arthur can return.
The only way to get it is for The Lady of the Lake to allow it to be taken. For that to happen, we need her to come back. That means we need to recreate the lake. The magic in the ground in Glastonbury will make the lake magical and once it is large enough, you can visit The Ladys lair and retrieve the sword.
I think about this for a moment.
Why cant you do it?
What?
You know her, why do Bonnie and I have to get the sword?
Put simply, I dont think she has forgiven me for dumping her.
Great, thats what I need to hear. Ignoring that, how can we make the Lake?
We both create rain storms. We flood the site, the lake was never that deep and we dont need The Lady to have all her old powers back, so a nights rain should do it.
You cant flood the festival. Itll ruin it for everybody.
Nonsense, everybody loves Glastonbury when it is a mudbath. You wait, youll see dozens of people having the time of their lives swimming in mud puddles, not knowing or caring what bodily fluids are also mixed in. Oh, and yes, your tents are on high ground. So Emma, on three, bring on the rain. One ... two ... three !
I can feel myself talking to every raindrop within a thousand miles and calling them to me. I am the rain queen, I am pulling all the moisture out of the sky and dumping it on...
Emma, Emma, get your sex head off!
Ehh, I open my eyes and glance at Bonnie who is shaking me, and was is soaking wet.
We need the rain storm outside the tent, now get over your orgasm and concentrate.
Now I notice that it does seem to be raining very had inside the tent. I shrug and concentrate on moving the storm outside. Yes, that seems better.
Bonnie looks relived and grabs a pair of umbrellas from a stand in the corner of the tent. Merlin seems content to let us go. She turns to him just before we leave the safety of the tent.
So, how do we find this lady then?
Ahh, that I do not know. Meet me here at ten tomorrow and we will discuss what to do. For tonight, farewell.
We get a runner to take us back to the tents. He seems a nice lad, Bonnie certainly thinks so as she invites him back to her tent. I feel a bit drained and settle for a long doze in my dry tent, listening to the rain.
Later in the evening, I get up for a walk around. I guess that Merlin is right about this place being magical because I somehow feel more alive than ever. I almost feel like each drop of rain is talking to me. The magic I used to make the storm is having an effect on me and gradually making me hornier. After half an hour, I realise another problem with this situation, the sound of water falling is making me really want to have a piss.
By now it is almost pitch black and I have no idea where the nearest toilets might be. I figure that the nearby copse is as good a place as any to have a quick wee. I pull down my jeans and panties, confidant that my waterproof poncho and the darkness will retain my modesty even if anybody happened to come along, and hang them on a tree branch. I let out a sigh as I let the water out; suddenly I hear two voices approaching. Mens voices.
They take position either side of me and I hear them unzipping and starting to pee. One of them speaks to me.
Nice place for it mate.
I grunt, trying to sound masculine. I thought men made it a rule not to talk at the urinals. I wonder if this rule doesnt apply in a night-time wood in Glastonbury.
Im Kev by the way, hes John. What about you?
There is no way that Im going to get away with pretending to be a guy. Not only that, I admit that being virtually naked under this waterproof standing in-between two guys with their cocks out is turning me on.
I use my most cutesy-girly voice. Im whoever you want me to be!
Kev doesnt seem to flinch in finding out I was a girl. Well call you Emily then. Do you like it Emily, that two boys are pissing next to you?
Yes.
Would you like it more if they were pissing on you?
I dont even hesitate. Yes. Emily would like that very much.
Well then Emily, take off that waterproof and let us do a proper job on you.
I do as they ask, and in moments feel two streams of hot piss on me. I pull my t-shirt off as well, letting them pee over all my naked body. I can feel it in my hair, on my face and on my tits. It seems to go on for hours, maybe it was just seconds, who knows, who cares.
Kev mate, John called, was lucky we had that 12-pack earlier, this bitch got a hell of a load of piss. Did you like that Emily?
Yes.
Are you the kind of slut who wants to be fucked after being pissed on?
Of course I am.
Well, me and Kev arent going to fuck you with piss on our cocks are we? Are you going to clean them off?
I dont answer them, instead I sink to my knees. I feel the mud beneath my knees, wet with both rain and piss. I reach out and grab Johns cock. I run my tongue around the head, tasting his piss, mixed with the familiar taste of dick. Intent on cleaning him up, I explore every millimetre of it, running up and down the underside before taking the five inch tool into my mouth.
He withdraws, smacking each side of my face with his cock, I submit to my masters, wanting them to abuse me. He walks away, out of my sight and Kev takes his place. I repeat my routine on this new, shorter, fatter penis. Behind me, I feel the fumbling of a man trying to find his way into my waiting cunt. At last, he pumps into me, grunting as he fucks me. My own pants and grunts are muffled by the cock in my mouth. Public hair tickles my nose as they roast me, unaware of the real identity of their slut.
At some point they swap and I get to taste my pussy juice mixed with pre-cum. Kev, behind me, jerks in and out of me, his fat cock sending shivers through my body, building up the tension inside me, begging to be released.
He pulls out and without a word, I feel him searching for my arsehole. Unable to object, I feel him start to sodomise me. I want to beg him to go harder, to hurt me more. Trapped and powerless, my orgasm hits me.
I see stream rising from the puddles on the ground where my hands are as heat vaporises the fallen rain. I see the festival in its entirety, I see everybody, all the punters, the staff and the acts then I see a lady, dressed in white, dominating my vision.
Emma, Emma, you seek the sword, her voice echoed in my head, you seek me. You will find me. Once I am satisfied the sword will let you take it. Be warned, nobody has satisfied my demands since Merlin. Seek me and seek me well and you will find me ....
I come back to myself, on my hands and knees in a puddle of piss and rain caked in sweat and mud with a mouth and asshole full of cum. John and Kev as walking off, back to the festival. Drained and groggy, I ask the rain to obey me again, concentrating them into a power shower spray, washing me clean. I grab my clothes, and follow John and Kev back into the crowd and make for my tent.
Morning arrives and I make my way back across the site to Merlins tent. Most of the festival site is a mud bath, and, since it was only Thursday, the thing hasnt even officially began. I pass at least two people swimming in puddles of mud.
Bonnie is already there, as is The Onlooker. I tell them what the Lady of the Lake said to me, but nobody can see anything in her words to help us. Merlin does not want to expand on what challenge I would have to satisfy was. The Onlooker was generally vague in informing us that there was a lot of magic about today, but he doesnt want to say if that is a good thing or not. After snacking on some chicken wings and chips, we don our festival disguises and head left. We had discussed this in the tent, and pretty much couldnt decide which way to go, so Id taken the decision to just head left until we came to somebody telling us otherwise.
Merlin had said that there was enough water for the Lady to have some of her power back so we had turned off the storm. He had also warned us that since the Lady was not at her full strength, she may be a bit unpredictable and scatty.
It was after walking around the edge of the lake for an hour that we pass an old man relaxing on a chair by the lake. I dont pay him too much attention until he calls out.
Emma, can you stop for a while?
Pretty sure that he couldnt tell who we were from the disguises, we both stop in shock. The man is wearing a loose fitting linen cream shirt and trousers. He must be at least sixty, with a bushy grey beard. His cream hat is nothing like Id ever seen before, with a wide floppy brim that hides his hair. I could just see underneath that he has an eye patch. He pulls his long pipe from his mouth and clears his throat.
Weather is good for sword hunting isnt it?
Yes, yes it is. I agree before realising the obvious. How did you know that was what we were doing?
I know everything, Emma, too much they say, which may be true.  After all, I know of the Grey Wolf who watches the hall of the gods.
Okay ... err ... so do you know where the sword is?
Of course, it is with the Lady of the Lake. You know this too.
Yes, do you know how we find her.
As I said, I know everything. He laughs, and sucks on his pipe.
So, how do I find her.
I cant tell you.
What do you mean?
Just as I said, I cant tell you. He laughs, blowing smoke in my face. It is more acrid than anything Ive smelt before. 
Why not?
It is not my role in this story, it is not my day. Today I am just an observer. It feels good to be out in the sun for once.
What do you mean it isnt your role?
I know everything, and I know that I am not the one who tells you how to find the Lady. I cant change that. Not today. Even I cant change fate, after all, the Grey Wolf watches the hall of the gods.
There arent any wolves around here.
Yet still he watches.
Is there anything you can tell us? 
Many, many things! He laughs again, aware of my frustration.
Okay, then who are you?
I cant tell you that. Not today. I could have told you on my day, but this isnt my day.
Well, okay, err.
How about, Bonnie asks, who can tell us how to find the Lady of the Lake?
That is a question I can answer. There is another king on the lake today, if Emma lets him into her mind, he will reveal the location of the Lady of the Lake.
What do you mean by letting him into my mind?
 He can answer that better than I can. However, I cannot resist a pretty face, or two, so I will tell you something else. Tell Merlin that the long haired king is looking for something that used to belong to him. Anyway, Ive got a long day of sitting around doing nothing to do. Carry on walking and you may soon find the next chapter in your story. I bid you good day.
Okay, thank you. Good luck with the wolves.
We head on again, briefly discussing if we should be on extra lookout for wolves. Happily for the next mile or so, we dont see anything vaguely wolf like. We do however find another old man on a deckchair.
This man is sitting with a fishing rod next to him. While his clothes are pretty extravagant for a fisherman, that isnt the thing that jumps out most of all about him. That would be his lack of legs. I wonder briefly how he could have got there, but before I can think much about it, he calls out.
Ahoy there. Tis a good day is it not?
Yes, yes it. Who are you? I hope this time we have found somebody with a name.
My name is not important, I groan slightly as he says this, but I am known as The Fisher King. I once ruled over lands not far from here, but Ive been away for a while.
Anywhere nice? Bonnie asks politely.
A walking holiday in the Alps! The Fisher King laughs, pointing to where his legs should be. I take it you are looking for the sword?
Yes, do you where the Lady of the Lake is? I ask.
No.
Great!
Dont worry, I can help you to find her.
Any chance this is going to be something nice and simple?
Oh yes, I just want to feel what it is like to walk again. I girl of your abilities can help me.
So you want me to give you new legs?
No, nothing like that. I want to use your legs.
My...legs?
Yes, let me into your mind and feel what it is like to walk on your legs for a few minutes. Let come over here and hold my hands.
Bonnie looks like she wants to object, but words fail her. I step over to the old man and reach out to him. He grabs my hands and I suddenly feel very strange. How can I describe it? Well, you know that Being John Malcovich film? It is like that. It is like Im a spectator inside Emma Watson. I can see out her eyes and here, but I cant seem to control my limbs. Not only that, I seem to be inside the Fisher King as well. I can see myself as I stand there, stretching my legs out, hoping and jumping, reacquainting myself with my limbs. I cant move the Fisher Kings arms either, I cant talk, and it is like Im locked out of both bodies. I can only look where he wants to look, I feel so powerless.
Its been so long. Both mouths speak in unison. Not only walking, but since I have been in the company of a young lady. Even my memories fade sometimes, I must see one again.
With that, I watch myself take my clothes off. I dont think anybody will be able to understand quite what it is like to be in the audience of your own striptease. Underneath the novelty tat that I had put on to stop me being recognised, I had just a t-shirt and some joggers and comfy underwear. These are now on the ground and I am feeling the porcelain skin up my legs and cupping my boobs. I can feel the sensations of the touch, of my fingers running over me, but they are muted, not as strong as normal.
Bonnie stands there speechless, not knowing what it going on. I want to try and tell her what is happening, but I cant. I cant even summon up my magic, the Fisher Kings had blocked me out of all control.
Yes, this brings back memories, although even in my court, there were few with the grace of you two. Please permit this old man one last extravagance. It has been a long time since Ive known the act of love, I wish to try it again one last time. Please undress yourself Bonnie. The Fisher King requests it.
Bonnie responds. I watch her from two sets of eyes, joining me naked on the shore of the lake. I see her eyes widen and it takes me a second to see why. I am growing a penis. A big, meaty cock and a pair of bollocks hang off my teenage body. Erect, it is nine inches long and glistening with pre-cum already. The sensations of me wanking myself are new and intense. Bonnie steps towards me and replaces my hand with hers. From the view of the Fisher King, I see myself gasp, clutching my tit as my friend jerks off my cock. 
She leads me to a tree in front of where the King is sitting and bends over, leaning on the tree. I enter her, fucking the girl with the energy of a teenager and the experience of a mature man. Im entranced by the sight of my slim, pale body pounding into my friend. I view my ass, maturing into womanhood, as it thrusts back and forth. From my own eyes I see my hands on the hips of Bonnie, levering her cunt onto me. 
I feel the cum building up in me, ready to spurt. As the first blast comes, a vision comes to me, I see a boat under the water near to the shore, only a few hundred yards away. I know we are close to our destination. 
I blank out for a moment, and when I come back, I am myself again. The cock is gone and but I am standing naked behind Bonnie. The King is no longer inside my head, and is back fully in his own body.
Wow Bonnie gasps.
Wow indeed. That was, err, new. I am at a loss for words as I scramble for my clothes.
Now do you see the way? The Fisher King asks from his chair. 
I explain to Bonnie what I saw as we dress. Both of us want to get away from this place soon, as we are, obviously, yet to come to terms with what we just did. We bid the Fisher King goodbye and hurry away to the point on the shore I had seen.
I stop near a branch that I had seen, turning to the lake I call out. Lady of the Lake, I am Emma Watson, I come to seek the sword Excalibur.
A high pitched, ephemeral voice drifts over the lake.
OMG, youve, like, found me. Brilliant, this is, like, the best. So cool! Hang on, Ill send you the boat. Where did I put it? Oh there it is. Boats away!
A row boat, without oars, appears from beneath the water. I step in, followed by Bonnie, and sit on a plank and it drifts away, back onto the water. We notice it going lower and lower in the water until the water level is above the sides, but no water comes in, instead the boat seems to be in a bubble as it travels under the water to what seems to be a pure white curtain. We pass though and are suddenly in a vast hall.
Hiya. Im the Lady of the Lake. And yous are Emma and Bonnie right? Yeah, thought you were coming for the sword. Well, obviously I knew you were coming, why else would I have my lake back. Look, Ive got a body, great innit?
I look at the Lady of the Lake. Looking like she was only 18 or so, she is dressed in a flowing white cloak that flickers between transparent and opaque. It takes me a second or so to see that this cloak is in fact water, sometimes flowing smoothly, at others bubbling and foaming. Her skin is almost white expect for a few freckles on her beautiful face. Her blue eyes sit under a short mob of blond hair. Only about my height, her body is thin with little in the way of curves.
Now here is the deal Ems, I can call you Ems yeah?  Great. Now Ive vowed to only hand over the sword when Im satisfied. You cool this that?
What do you mean satisfied?
What do you fucking think I mean? Give me and orgasm, the big O, make me cum, you know?
What is it with every 1000 year old mythical figure we meet today wanting sex?
I step forward, taking my clothes of as I go. Shit, I might as well wander around naked! I see a bed behind her, I decide to start gentle and take her land to lead her to it. Her hand is cold and soft. We walk under an arch to the bed when there is a crash behind me. A waterfall has appeared, forming a wall between me and Bonnie. I can still she her, like I am looking though a clouded bathroom mirror. She calls out that shell just wait where she is. Glancing around me I realise that all the walls are in fact made of water, beneath my feet, the floor is actually water too, warm and soft, but still letting me walk on it.
The Lady lies back on the bed, it ripples with her weight, a real water bed, made totally out of water. He cloak flows off her back and melts into the bed, leaving her naked. She giggles as I lean over and kiss her neck. She tastes different, almost of nothing, almost exactly like mineral water. She gasps as I start on her tits, her breasts were barely substantial now she was on her back, but she had big erect nipples, perfect for my tongue to dance around. I reach down and find her cunt. No surprise that she is already wet.
I trace her snatch with my fingers, teasing her then finally entering a finger inside her. Her back arches, her slight frame contains great strength, lifting me with ease. I side down her body, kissing her stomach and working around her crotch to her thighs. Her cunt is bald and beautiful, tempting me to get closer. I kiss her pussy lips, then start to fuck her with my tongue. He breathing is faster, she is responding to me as I explore her twat. I slip two fingers in and suck on her clit, she spasms again, but no cum.  
I slip another finger in, her muscles clamp around them, she tries to hump back. I go for broke, and not just go for another finger but my whole hand. My own small fist disappears up her tight cunt, she screams in pleasure, begging me to carry on. I lick at her clit and pump my fist back and forth, she screams again, clamping tight around me she cums, squirting liquid into my face. I pull my hand back out and lick of the Ladys juices. Panting, she speaks.
Wow, cool, thats been a while. Okay, I command that the sword chamber is open; you may now take the sword.
She collapses back onto the bed and I turn around and walk back to Bonnie. The waterfall between us has vanished, and on the other side of the chamber, a wall had vanished and before us lies the sword Excalibur, lying on a block of water.
We walk over, nervously. The sword glints in the light. I can almost feel an aura around it. It is nearly five foot long, and looks flawless. I can see myself, still naked, reflected perfectly in the blade. The handle is embossed with patterns and different metals and studded with jewels. I reach down and grab the handle with both hands to lift it up. Except it doesnt move. I look around it but cant see anything holding it down. I try again, but it just wont budge. I cant believe weve got this far, only for me to be too weak to lift the blasted thing.  I try magic, but even that wont lift it.
Yeah, it does that. The Lady of the Lake walked up behind us and gave me my clothes. I only guard the sword, the sword makes up its own mind as to who it will let take it. Its funny like that.
While Im putting on my clothes, Bonnie looks around the sword, and just to test, she tried to pick it up. She manages it, one handed! In her hands, the sword is as light as a feather. Embarrassed, she hands it over to me, but as soon as she lets go, the sword is too heavy for me to hold, and it clatters to the floor.
Well, looks like Ems isnt the one that the sword wants. Merlin must have known the sword would like you Bon-Bon. I can call you Bon-Bon cant I? Great. Anyway, Im tired and have some centuries of catching up to do before my lake vanishes. I might see you again, toodles! Oh, yeah, get in the boat, itll take you back.
Back in the tent, we present the sword to Merlin. Im kind of hoping that he will take it from Bonnie as she was waving it around all the way back, cutting twigs and branches and although she didnt know it, making me a bit jealous. I felt guilty about that, after all, Ive rubbish with swords, and she isnt. And Ive got my magic.
Merlin point blank refuses the sword. He says that it is Bonnies responsibility to look after it. We tell him about what that guy said about the long haired king.
Hmm, Ive got no idea what he was on about, Ill look into it. What did he look like?
Old guy, I say, big hat and a pipe.
Did he have one eye?
Yes, how did you...
And a thing about wolves?
Yeah, thats the guy. Who is he?
Trouble. Girls, you have just met Odin, the King of the Norse gods.
He was a god?
He is a god, and not one to be taken lightly.
Why, he was helpful enough, kind of?
His appearance probably confirms that a war is coming. He likes conflicts, does Odin. He collects the honourable dead to form an army to help him at the end of the world.
So, if we have a god helping us that must be a good thing?
Odin knows everything...
Which is a good thing...
...he knows that he will be killed by the great wolf, Fenir. He knows that he needs a huge army of dead warriors. He has ridden into battles with kings before, and then turned on them when they were winning, as to build his armies. I wouldnt trust Odin at all, but he does know many things, so it cant do any harm for me to check out his info. Well, thank you girls for all youve done today. Yove got a festival to enjoy.












 
