Author: mypenname3000
Title: Owning a Maid Harem Chapter Fourteen: New Cuties Join the Maid Harem
Summary: Many new maids join the harem! His naughty maids are having a blast finding Lance new beauties!
Keywords: mF ff FF Mff fff Ff mc oral creampie anal A2M rim inter school exhib voy

Copywrite 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Characters

Main Characters

Lance Hayward: New Master of Hayward Manor.
Cali: The purple-eyed maid with a mysterious past. Has the Golden Garter.
Maria Hayward: Lance's mother. Has the Silver Garter and is his Mommy-Maid.
Kylie Hayward: Lance's little sister. Has the Pink Garter and his Little Sister Maid.
Ms. Lynette Docea: Lance's history teacher. Has the Light-Blue Garter and is his Teacher-Maid.
Nancy Heres: Lance's aunt and mother's sister. Has the Red Garter and is his Aunt-Maid.
Bella Miles: Lance's best friend. Has the Yellow Garter and is his Maid-Wife.

The Daughter Maids  Bronze Garters

Angela Hayward: Lance's daughter with his mother. 

The Virgin Maids  Pink Garters

Brenda: Student
Janiqua: Student
Tabitha: Kylie's best friend

The Wise-Maids  Gray Garters

Mrs. Johnson: Teacher
Mrs. White: Principal

The Slut-Maids  Orange Garters
Deborah: Aunt Nancy's eldest daughter
Izzy: Aunt Nancy's youngest daughter.

The Concubine-Maids  Green Garters

Alice: Student
Gloria: Student
Veronica: Student

Other Characters

Aleister Hayward: Brought the manor from England to America
Alisha: Shop girl
Ashley: Student
Asuka: Student
Carla: Student
Coach Richards: Teacher
Felicity: Student
Mortimer Hayward: Lance's dead uncle, previous owner of Hayward Manor.
Mr. Carter: Teacher
Mrs. Miles: Bella's mother

The Imprisoned

Gizzamuluke
Hagazim
Lady Smiles
Maggotborn
The Misshapen
Ripper
Smiles
The Seductress
The Stalker
The Twin

Lance Hayward

I felt so good from enjoying the virgin maids that worked beneath my little sister, but now my attention turned to Mrs. White, the Black woman who was my high school's principal. She was a gorgeous woman, naked, of course, with mocha-brown skin and a big pair of tits. They were heavy. She was a MILF. Just a sexy, mature woman with a triangular patch of pubic hair that pointed down at her shaved twat. 

It's your office, Mrs. White, I said, eager to fuck her next. How do you want it?

Will you fuck my asshole? she asked while around me, my other new maids quivered. 

I grinned at her. Of course.

Brenda and Janiqua were already getting the cum on their pussies licked clean by my sister Kylie and Tabitha, the other virgin I had deflowered in here. Mrs. Johnson was on her knees licking out Ms. Docea's pussy while Alice, Gloria, and Veronica were sharing a three-way kiss. Other than my sister and Ms. Docea, the others were naked save for their garters.

Just like Mrs. White. She had the gray garter on her thigh. One of Ms. Docea's junior maids. 
The principal bent over the desk, her plump rump aimed at me along with her shaved pussy. I gave her the choice, and she wanted it up the ass. How could I say no to such a delicious offer? Her office echoed with the moans and gasps of my women. 

I loved those sounds. I savored them as I pressed my cock into Mrs. White's butt-crack. I slid down and down her crevice until I found her asshole. She whimpered as I pushed my dick against her backdoor. I planted my hands on the desk on either side of her.

Bugger me, she groaned, her voice so throaty with delight.

Gladly, I answered and thrust against her anal ring.

My pussy-lubed dick drilled against her asshole. She groaned, squirming on the desk. She whimpered as I pushed and pushed against her backdoor. Her body quivered. She squeezed her butt-cheeks down on my cock. I loved the resistance of her sphincter, the velvety caress of that naughty hole slowly widening until...

I penetrated into her bowels.

Master Hayward, she groaned as I sank into the velvety depths of her anal sheath. Oh, Master Hayward, yes, yes, that's good!

So good, Ms. Docea moaned in the background as Mrs. Johnson, my married English teacher, feasted on her. Well, Mrs. Johnson had been married. I spoke to her husband, and he understood that she was mine. So not married any longer. 

The magic of Hayward Manor bent the world to accept that I owned any woman who wore a garter. It was such a rush. Mrs. White was another married woman in my harem. I shuddered, savoring that fact as I bottomed out in her.

She groaned in delight, her asshole clamping down on my dick. It was a hot rush to have her bowels gripping my cock. I loved her squirming on the desk, groaning her delight. Her passion mixed with the other maids' whimpers and moans.

I drew back my dick, groaning, Mrs. White! Who owns this ass!

You do, she breathed, sounding so happy. You own my ass, Master Hayward!

That's fucking right, I groaned, savoring the Black MILF's velvety grip on my dick. I slammed back into her. I buried deep and hard into her pussy. I reveled in the hot grip on my cock. She felt so amazing. You're mine!

I groaned and pumped away at her bowels. I fucked my delicious maid in the ass. My Principal-Maid gripped my dick. She held me tight with her wonderful bowels. I loved how delicious it felt to fuck her asshole.

To pound her so hard. I groaned, burying to the hilt in her asshole again and again. I loved how she gripped me. She held me tight, groaning with my every thrust into her bowels. I pounded her hard and fast. I loved how great she felt about my dick. I savored the way she gripped me. How she held me tight. The heat was an incredible rush.

I loved every moment of fucking her bowels. I thrust into her again and again, reveling in her asshole gripping my cock. She massaged me with that hot and tight anal sheath. I groaned, drilling into my Black MILF's asshole. My sexy Principal-Maid gripped my cock.

Master! Master! she moaned, her back arching. Oh, my fucking god, you're such a stud! Yes, yes, this is amazing! I love it up the ass!

Why? I groaned, slamming into her anal sheath hard. My crotch smacked into her butt-cheeks.

Because your dick is making this heat that melts to my cunt, Master! She gripped my cock. Oh, Lord, it's a wonderful heat. It makes me shiver in delight. I savor it so much. And it's your dick, Master! Yours! That makes it so hot! I love you ass-fucking me. Ooh, I love it. I love it so much!

I'm glad, I groaned, pounding her in the ass with such hard strokes. Her words made me grin.

We all love your cock, Master, whimpered Janiqua, the Black girl's voice throaty with pleasure. Oh, senpai, you're licking my pussy!

Mmm, my Sister-Maid cooed. Such a yummy pussy, too!

I grinned, slamming hard into my Principal-Maid's asshole. The pressure at the tip of my dick grew and grew with every thrust into her bowels. I loved the way she gripped me. How she held me with that tight asshole. The pressure in my balls grew and grew with each thrust into her anal sheath.

I pounded her asshole. I fucked her bowels hard and fast. I loved how she gripped me. I treasured fucking into her bowels with hard strokes. I slammed into her anal sheath again and again. I loved how she massaged me with her hot bowels. I would have a huge climax.

Just explode into her anal sheath. The pressure in my nuts swelled and swelled with my every thrust into her bowels. I loved it. I savored this delight as I fucked her with force. I pounded her with such passion. She held me tight. 

She massaged me as I trust away at her. I loved how she gripped my dick. She massaged me with at her anal sheath, bringing me closer and closer to cumming in her asshole. My Principal-MILF groaned, her anal sheath clamping down hard on me.

Oh, Master Hayward! she moaned as I slammed my cock to the hilt in her asshole. Yes, yes, Master Hayward!

You going to cum on my dick? I asked her as I pumped away at her bowels.

Yes, Master! She squeezed her anal sheath around my dick. I'm going to cum. My asshole is going to ripple around your dick! How does that sound?

Perfect, I groaned, pumping hard at her. That sounds just perfect!

I fucked her anal sheath with force. I thrust to the hilt in her again and again. I loved every moment of ass-fucking her. I savored the heat squeezing about my dick. I groaned, the heat building and building in me. 

I buried into her hard, her butt-cheeks jiggling. As I drilled back, she moaned her passion. Her anal sheath convulsed around my cock. I savored that velvety flesh spasming with wild delight around my shaft, especially the tip.

Master Hayward! she moaned as I buried back to the hilt in her. Cum in me!

Gladly! I groaned and erupted.

I spurted blast after blast of cum into her anal sheath. The feel of her asshole writhing around my dick was something spectacular. She rippled about me, nursing at me. I groaned, erupting again and again into her bowels.

The pleasure slammed into my mind. I shuddered, spurting into her asshole with force. The pleasure swept through me. I shuddered, loving this heat surging through me. Stars burst across my mind. Her anal sheath suckled at me. 

Yes, I breathed, pumping more and more of my cum into her asshole.

Behind me, I heard other maids squealing in their own orgasmic delight. I breathed in the scent of so many pussies. My harem had grown so big today. I shuddered as I unloaded more and more of my cum into her anal sheath.

She milked me dry. I hit the peak of my pleasure. I shuddered there, loving the feel of this bliss. Stars danced across my vision. I groaned, my heart pounding in my chest. A big smile grew on my lips as I felt so good.

I pulled my dick out of her asshole and turned around to find Gloria dropping to her knees before me. The Hispanic cutie, one of my Concubine-Maids wearing a green garter, smiled up at me. She had conical tits and lush, black hair. 

Let me clean that up for you, Master, she purred and opened her mouth wide. She was wife material according to Bella. My Maid-Wife had chosen Gloria just for these sorts of reasons. 

I groaned as her soft lips slid over my dick in such a loving way. A tender way. I smiled down at my Concubine-Maid, savoring the warmth of her mouth engulfing the crown of my cock. Her tongue swirled around my shaft, polishing me.

Thank you, Gloria, I groaned. She's a maid that knows how to serve.

Yes, she does, Master Big Brother! Kylie squealed as she stood, her lips smeared in pussy cream. Brenda, lick out my pussy!

Yes, senpai! Brenda said, the brunette darting over. She flashed me a smile, braces shining on her white teeth. She dropped to her knees and feasted on my sister.

Petite Kylie shuddered in her maid's uniform. Her pink garter looked so sexy on her left thigh between the top of her white stocking and the bottom of her puffy, frilly skirt. Brenda rustled my sister's petticoats as she devoured Kylie's cunt. 

It was such a hot sight to watch as Gloria polished my pole. Mrs. White hugged me from behind, her big boobs rubbing into my skin. She stroked my chest and nibbled on my ear. I groaned, savoring her embrace.

My life would be full of women like them. My maids. I would be around them all the time. Enjoying them. Fighting the darkness with them. I groaned, feeling that Golden Power deep inside of me that all these maids were bound to.

They were all slaves to it, craving their taste of it. My seed. I would have to make sure I figured out how to give it to them regularly. There would be 56 maids in the end. Cali, my five primary maids, and their ten junior maids. A fighting force to protect the world.

Shit, I groaned as Gloria worked her mouth up and down my dirty dick, polishing me with her hungry mouth.

Mmm, is she pleasing you with her hot mouth, Master Hayward? Mrs. White purred into my ear.

God, yes, I groaned, savoring that hot mouth working up and down my dick. She suckled on me with such passion. Fuck, she's good. She's really, really good.

A big smile spread on my lips as that hot mouth worked up and down my dick. She suckled on me with such force. I savored the feeling of her working those hot lips up and down my dick. It was a fantastic treat. My dick throbbed.

It was a wonderful experience to have Gloria polishing my dick. The Concubine-Maid suckled on me with hunger, moaning her delight as she cleaned Mrs. White's ass off my dick. I trembled in my Principal-Maid's embrace. Her tongue licked at my ear while those soft boobs rubbed on my back.

The pressure in my nuts grew and grew. My eyes watched my sister shuddering. Her black pigtails spilled around her round face. Her dimples shone as she smiled at me while grinding her cunt on Brenda's mouth.

Ooh, ooh, that's how you eat pussy, Brenda, Kylie moaned. Just like that. Oh, yes, get that tongue in me. You're such a wonderful part of the harem!

Yes, I groaned, my dick twitching in that hot mouth working up and down my dick. Yes, yes, just like that. Fuck!

I shuddered at how good it was to have that wonderful mouth sliding up and down my dick. Gloria's tongue swirled around my cock. She suckled and slurped, her eyes staring up at me. The love and devotion in them were so stirring.

My nuts tightened as she suckled. The heat washed down my cock. This was such an amazing moment. I loved this so much. The heat washed through my body. I trembled, building and building for that amazing rapture.

Get ready, I groaned.

Mmm, cum in the cutie's mouth, Master Hayward, Mrs. White purred.

Yes, yes, cum in her, Master Big Brother! squealed my Sister-Maid. Oh, do it! Do it!

Yes, Master! whimpered other maids as they writhed together in pleasure. 

Gloria nursed with wanton need on my dick. The pressure at the tip of my cock hit that bursting point. I growled in wordless delight as my dick erupted. I spurted my cum, splashing the back of the cutie's mouth.

My Concubine-Maid groaned and gulped down my cum. She swallowed my jizz with hunger. I bucked in Mrs. White's embrace, her boobs rubbing into my back. The heat swept through me. Stars burst across my vision.

Yes! I growled as I pumped more and more of my cum into Gloria's mouth.

My Concubine-Maid swallowed every drop, moaning as she did. I could feel her utter submission to me as she swallowed every drop of cum that erupted from my dick. I groaned with each one. I felt amazing. The pleasure slammed through me one more time.

Damn, I groaned, loving having a harem of sexy maids.  

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Bella Miles

Are you two ready to show you are wife material? I asked Carla and Felicity. They were two more students that I knew would be perfect for my Master-Husband's maid harem. I held two green garters in my hand. 

These were the last two girls at my high school that I thought would make good Concubine-Maids for Lance. I loved him so much. I was his Maid-Wife. The only one of his women who could have his heir. Me. Maybe I was already pregnant with his son.

I hoped so.

I'm so ready, Carla moaned. The Hispanic cheerleader licked her lips. She squirmed there, staring at the green garter with such hunger in her eyes.

Me, too, Bella, Felicity said. The rest of their classroom watched on. I didn't care. The brunette Felicity kneaded her big boobs through her t-shirt. I'm so ready! I've always wanted to be a wife. I've dreamed about it. I'll be such a good concubine to Lance.

Then prove it, I said, enjoying the attention. I have a pussy and an asshole. You two, use those lips and mouths of yours to make me cum. Show me you have the devotion of a wife. Show me you're worthy of being my Master-Husband's maid!

Yes, Bella! Carla and Felicity moaned together.

Felicity dropped to her knees before me. I smiled down at the busty brunette as she pressed her head between my thighs. I wore my maid's uniform, of course. My round boobs jiggled in my low-cut bodice. My petticoats rustled as Felicity nuzzled into my bush to lick at my cuntlips directly. Her tongue swiped over my folds.

I groaned in delight, savoring the way she licked at me. I smiled as Carla dropped to her knees behind me. The Hispanic cheerleader slid her hands up beneath my skirt to cup my rump. She parted my butt-cheeks and lifted my skirt and petticoats with her head as she nuzzled into my crack.

I shuddered as she kissed at my asshole.

She swirled her tongue over my anal ring. She rimmed me. I groaned as she did that. I savored her licking and lapping at me. My head tossed as the other students watched on. The guys all had hunger in their eyes for me.

But only one man could ever touch my body.

One man.

Yes, I groaned as the potential maids licked and lapped at my pussy and asshole. Just like that. You two are amazing. You're just fantastic.

I shuddered as their tongues lapped at my cunt and asshole. They rimmed me. The heat swept over my body and tingled my thoughts. I savored their hot tongues licking and lapping at me, teasing my naughty holes. 

The other girls stared with envy. They all wanted a garter, but none of them were wife materials. I knew their reputations. Sluts that put out to any guy. My maids didn't have to be virgins, but they did have to be good girls. The type that wanted to find a husband. Make a family. Maybe they thought their boyfriend was the one and put out early.

Or maybe their husband divorced them and left them to chase young ass.

That's it, I groaned, savoring Carla's tongue pushing against my anal ring. Ooh, yes, yes, slip into my holes. Just like that!

Felicity thrust her tongue into my cunt, inspired by my words directed at the cheerleader. Her tongue popped past my anal ring a moment later. I had both of them wiggling about in my holes. I shuddered, savoring the dual delights they gave me.

It was so hot having Carla's tongue dancing around in my asshole while Felicity tongue-fucked my pussy. She thrust into me over and over again. I groaned, gripping the two garters. The silky lace felt so cool in my hand.

And so powerful.

Lance's power imbued them. The Golden Power throbbed with every beat of his heart. That I felt in him when he kissed me. When I lay beneath him. When I felt his cock fill me with his seed. I trembled, aching to be one with my Husband-Master.

The tongues swirling through my asshole and plunging over and over into my pussy were nice, but they were placeholders. I would have a wonderful cum on them, but they wouldn't fulfill that deep ache in me. Only Lance and his cock could do that.

But I could wait a while without having that itch scratched when I had such hotties as these delicious, wifely girls feasting on me. I could tell they had the sort of devoted passion, the required submission, to be a good wife.

Yes, I groaned, delighting in their tongues feasting on me. I smiled out at the watching students who stared with such envy. To be me or to be Lance. It was such a beautiful thing. Oh, you two are doing so good. Ooh, ooh, you're doing amazing!

I quivered, savoring the heat rippling through my body. I quivered there, my anal sheath squeezing about Carla's naughty tongue. The Hispanic beauty worked her tongue around in my bowels. The heat melted to my cunt being so wonderfully licked by Felicity.

She lapped at my folds now. She ran her tongue from my taint to my clit, sending such delight rippling through me. It was an incredible rush to have all this delight sweeping through me. I groaned, the passion building and building in me. I would have such a wonderful climax on their lips.

Felicity flicked her tongue around my clit. I gasped out, Yes!

My butt-cheeks clenched about Carla's face as she fucked her tongue in and out of my asshole. She teased me. I loved every second of her swirling about in me. This was such an incredible treat to have her lapping at me like that.

Oh, that's good, I groaned. Ooh, that's just amazing. You're going to have me gasping out in delight!

Mmm, good, purred Felicity. I just want you to cum. Just drown me in your pussy juices!

Oh, I will, I groaned, the guys salivating like dogs as they stared at me. 

I didn't care. They could look all they wanted. Only Master Lance could touch me. Only my husband, the man I loved so much. What I felt for him had nothing to do with his power. He had chained me, I knew that, but my heart beat with love long before he had that power.

I would recruit him only the best maids. Women who would keep him safe when we went into darkness. I knew it would be coming. There was a reason that he needed so many maids. I shuddered, my face twisting with delight as Felicity suckled at my clit. Carla swirled her tongue around in my asshole. They both gave me such bliss.

I couldn't take much more of this. My bud burst with sparks every time Felicity licked or nibbled on my naughty pearl. She stroked me with her tongue. When she suckled, my body bucked. My uniform rustled. 

Oh, Lance, I moaned, my head lifting to the ceiling. Oh, Lance, they're perfect. Yes!

My body burst with delight. I shuddered, the ecstasy swept out of me. It was so delightful. My asshole convulsed around Carla's tongue as the heat rushed out of my cunt. My pussy juices soaked Felicity's mouth while my mind drowned in euphoria.

Felicity lapped at my cunt, moaning as I gushed my cream. I bucked, gasping out for everyone to hear. To witness. I trembled through such ecstasy. I quivered through all this wonderful passion. It was a delight to experience this bliss.

Oh, yes, yes, you're such wonderful maids! I moaned as my orgasm gushed throughout my body. You're perfect for him!

I want to be his, whimpered a girl I didn't know.

Sorry! I moaned. I can't give you a garter! I didn't know if she were maid material or not. She didn't feel wifey to me. Not with that slutty top on. Oh, yes!

I hit the peak of my orgasm. I swayed there, my boobs bouncing in my top. My uniform rustled about me as I swayed there. I felt so good. Just outstanding. I shuddered, my mind melting from all the bliss that swept through me. A big smile spread on my lips. I felt just fantastic.

Oh, Carla and Felicity, you two are maid material! I held out the garters. Claim them!

They both ripped their mouths from my pussy and asshole. They stood and ripped off their clothes. Carla's cheer top came off, her boobs held in a sports bra. Felicity ripped off her t-shirt. She had a cute, yellow bra on that cradled her large boobs. She had a nice set of Double D's that bounced free. Carla's perky, golden-brown boobies were adorable.

They dropped pleated skirts and jeans. Carla had her spankies on beneath her cheer outfit. Those were bloomers to keep anyone from seeing her panties while cheering. Just because she shook pompoms didn't make her a slut. My mom had been a cheerleader, and she was a great wife. Felicity had white panties that she lost while Carla peeled off a pair of purple ones, cotton that came from a pack.

They both lifted their left legs, their bushes dripping with their excitement. I smiled and dropped to my knees I slipped on Carla's then Felicity's garters, working the green band of lace up and up their thighs until they were bonded.

They shuddered as Lance's Golden Power claimed them.

Oh, yes, Carla gasped, tears in her eyes. I'm Lance's Concubine-Maid. He's my husband.

Our husband, Felicity said. With Bella as his wife. We're just junior wives, but... Thank you for sharing your husband with us, Bella.

I rose and they both hugged me and kissed me, one tasting of my sour ass and the other of my sweet pussy. I was so glad to welcome them into the harem. I knew Lance would get so much pleasure from them. They would serve him and protect him.

I knew something was coming. The Imprisoned were restless in the mansion. I could feel it throbbing through the yellow garter on my thigh. I broke the kiss with them and smiled at them. I rubbed my nose against theirs.

Welcome to Lance's harem, I purred. Welcome to the fight to keep the world safe. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Nancy Heres

I strode into Towers, my favorite adult store to shop at. My maid's uniform swirled around my thighs. There was something that my Nephew-Master's harem needed: sex toys. Dildos. Vibrators. Butt plugs. Anal beads. Strap-on harnesses. Double-headed dildos. They needed all manner of wicked things to keep themselves satiated.

We only had one cock in Hayward Manor. He could only do so much despite how virile he was. The girls and women us maids recruited to serve him would need sources to release their frustration. Sex toys.

Lots and lots of sex toys.

My, my, look at you, said a girl with Dusky skin of the Middle East. But she was no demure Muslim girl with her head wrapped up in a hijab to hide her glossy, black hair. No, this slut wore a tight belly shirt that molded about her round boobs, leaving her midriff bare. She had a pierced bellybutton, a golden charm dangling off it of a crescent moon. Another piercing beaded her nose. Her jeans rode low on her hips, a thong peeking out. Are you a sex slave or a lifestyle slave?

I am, I purred, feeling the red garter on my thigh. I really didn't know what the difference between the two was, but I was one of those. Both. I looked up and down on her, holding my cedar box under my arm. I had a feeling I would meet a girl like her here. I'm owned by my nephew, Lance Hayward. I'm one of his many maids.

Hot, the Arabic girl said. She had a slight accent, but clearly she had rejected her Conservative culture. 

Do you have a tramp stamp? I asked the girl. She looked like a slut. Her fires burned out of control. That was delicious. Just what I needed to find.

Want to see it? she asked and turned around. She bent over, her thong sliding out of the crack of her ass that was just visible with how low her jeans hung on her hips. She had an Arabic word surrounded by swirls of letters, all flowing together. Hot, right.

Mmm, what does it say? I asked

Sharmota, she said and giggled. My father is furious. He won't even let me come home now.

Ever been gangbanged? I asked as she turned around to face me, a playful gleam in her eyes.

She arched a thin eyebrow at me. You?

Oh, many times, I purred. Before I was given my garter by my nephew.

Me, too! She trembled there. Nothing like having a cock in all your holes. Mmm, just being stopped up so tight while they fuck me. Or licking cum out of a girl's pussy. I do love leftovers. I've done some nasty, nasty things. Even fucked my uncle once.

I smiled and I opened my box. I pulled out an orange garter. Her eyes focused on it. She whimpered in delight, her entire body shaking. She ripped off her belly shirt, her round tits coming into view. They were such perky delights.

I loved how firm they were. My pussy clenched as she unsnapped her jeans next and wiggled her hips. A few of the men shopping gathered around, noticing the girl getting naked. The slut was just a delicious treat. She stepped out of her jeans, losing her shoes in the process. She wore a cute pair of ankle socks.

She ripped off her thong. I smiled in delight at the golden ring threaded through her clit. It was a delicious thing to witness. Just a wonderful delight to see. I was so ready to just fall to my knees and eat her out.

I did sink to my knees, but only to slide the garter up her thigh. The girl groaned, her boobs jiggling as the orange lace looked so delicious against her dusky thigh. Her pussy dripped juices as she put her foot down.

Kess ommak, she groaned. Oh, I'm his. I'm owned by him.

Mmm, what did that mean. That curse?

Fuck your mother, she purred. Ooh, this is awesome.

Good. I rose, my face growing stern. I'm Mistress. You will address me with respect. You will obey every command I or Master Lance gives. If you don't, I will whip your ass and make you howl. Do you understand me?

Yes, Mistress, she gasped.

I cupped her pussy, my fingers thrusting into her cunt. You're Master Lance's Slut-Maid, and you will channel that horniness toward his cause. We have a war to wage. Our fiery passions have to burn for him.

Him! she moaned. I love him! I'm his!

Of course you are, slut, I purred and pulled my fingers out. Now, what's your name.

Alisha, she purred. Alisha, Mistress.

Good. I licked my fingers, savoring the spicy flavor of her cunt. Now, I want to buy the best sex toys you have. We're going to need lots of them. Charge it to the Hayward Account, then we're out of here. You don't work here any longer, do you?

No, Mistress, she breathed. Mmm, I know all the best toys.

I smiled. I bet she did. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ms. Lynette Docea

After the meeting in Principal White's office, Lance sent us off to class. But I didn't care about teaching my class. I would never come back to this school. I just had to recruit one more maid to serve him. Another Wise-Maid as I started to think of them. Girls with wisdom who could understand our enemy. We had to find those creatures that weren't imprisoned.

They were out there, weren't they? We had to find them. Understand them. I needed intelligent girls. Ones who knew modern technology as well as the classics. Logic, mathematics, history, philosophy, theology, and computer science. These were all valuable skills I would need for my girls.

I entered the computer lab. Mr. Jordan looked up from his desk. Oh, hey Lynette. Um, did you need something?

Just one of your students, I said, my skirt rustling around my thighs. I had no shame in being here dressed as a maid. I set my cedar chest down on his desk. Sorry to steal your best from you, but she's needed.

Of course, of course, he said. Asuka, right?

I smiled and opened the chest. I pulled out the gray garter. The third I would hand out. Yes.

I glanced at the students. There were twelve boys and one girl in this class. They were all focused on their screens, typing away. They were writing code. It was not my area of expertise at all. I didn't know what the strange language they were working in meant. I mean, it was words I knew but they didn't make sense to me.

But that was why the harem needed a wide breadth of knowledge. I knew history, Mrs. Johnson the classics and mythology, and Mrs. White knew logic and philosophy. These were all important, but Asuka could bring something else to the harem.

She was a slender girl with her black hair held back by a hairband. She wore a simple dress with white leggings. The Japanese girl stared at the screen through a pair of black-rimmed glasses. She typed fast, her code appearing on the screen. 

I held out the garter to her.

She froze in mid-type. Her head turned slowly. The Japanese girl gasped, color flooding her light-olive cheeks. She jumped to her feet, her cheap computer chair rolling back from her and thumping into the wall.

Domo arigato, Docea-san, she said and immediately reached behind her to unbutton her dress. 

You're welcome, I purred as she pulled off her dress in a single go. She had on a white bra. Cheap and utilitarian. She shoved off her tights and caught her panties. She peeled both off, her bush thick and black. I loved how eager she was.

The garter was just that powerful. Women all craved it. 

The sounds of typing dwindled as the boys realized that a girl was stripping naked. They whispered as she stepped out of her tights and panties, losing her saddle buckle shoes in the process. She then peeled off her bra, not even bothering to unfasten it. Her black hair swayed.

Docea-san, this is... an honor, she breathed as she held out her left leg for me.

I know, I said as I knelt, my big boobs jiggling in my bodice. I so loved my maid's uniform. It set me apart from other women. 

I slipped the garter onto her leg. I worked it over her flesh. She quivered in delight. Her little boobies quivered. She had just such little tits. She was short, too, barely five feet tall. Her finger pushed up her glasses as I seated the garter on her.

I rose and pinched both her nipples. You're Master Hayward's now.

Hayward-dono, she breathed. Yes, yes, I am his.

I smiled and kissed her. The boys groaned as my tongue thrust into her mouth. She whimpered as I kissed her with such passion. Chairs pushed back. The nerdy guys moved around us as they watched us make out. I quivered in delight. 

I broke the kiss with Asuka and asked, Do you know what tribadism is?

She shook her head.

Mmm, well, then you're in luck, I purred as I sank to the floor. Come, join me. Let's scissor our legs and make love. It'll give these boys a treat. They won't ever be able to touch us, but they can at least watch us. It's important that us maids have a close relationship.

Yes, Docea-san, she groaned and did as I instructed.

She scissored her legs with mine. I smiled and slid closer and closer. A few of the boys had their phones out. I smiled. Let the world see how two of Master Hayward's maids loved each other. It would just show his prowess.

I felt her garter tickling my right leg as we brought our pussies together. I was eager to feel her thick bush on my shaved cunt. I bet that would feel amazing. I shuddered as my skirt rustled. We came closer and closer together until it happened.

Her bush tickled my pussy.

I groaned at the feel of those thick curls on my twat. They felt just marvelous on me. I groaned as I pushed into that wonderful bush and ground my cunt on hers. She gasped, her eyes widening behind her glasses.

Docea-san, she whimpered. Sugoi.

Yep, I said, not sure what those words meant, but the tone... She loved it.

I ground my twat against her pussy. I savored the pleasure that rippled through my body as our clits rubbed together. I shuddered, savoring that heat that spilled through my pussy. Her curls tickled my wonderful folds. 

I trembled as I humped against her. She moaned, her small titties quivering. Her glasses shifted on her face as she humped against me. She whimpered in such cute ways. Her head tossed, her black hair dancing as we tribbed.

My skirt rippled around my waist. I loved the sound the cloth made. This was so delicious. So delightful. I savored grinding my cunt against hers, so ready to just burst with euphoria. I would have such a wonderful cum hump against her.

Docea-san, this is good, moaned Asuka. I have never done anything like this!

Mmm, I bet you haven't, I purred. You're going to do so many hot things in the harem.

The watching guys groaned, no doubt wishing we'd do hot things to them, but they weren't Lance Hayward. They didn't have his golden power. His prowess. None of them had his virile cock, the best cock there was in existence.

Just thinking about being fucked by my Master had me grinding my cunt so hard into Asuka's furred muff. The Japanese girl moaned, her face twisting with delight as she humped back against me. Our clits rubbed together.

Sugoi! she moaned again.

I know! I shuddered, savoring the pleasure of this moment. It was just so delightful to trib this cute maid.

I trembled, my breasts jiggling. I loved how good this felt. How amazing it was to grind against Asuka's twat. I shuddered, loving how she felt against me. My face twisted in passion as my orgasm built and built.

I'm going to cum! I groaned.

Damn, one of the watchers said. Ms. Docea, I love you!

But you're not Master Hayward! I groaned. Sorry! Mmm, just watch as I climax on Asuka's pussy! Yes, yes, I'm going to drench her pussy in my cunt cream!

They all groaned louder while I took pleasure from humping against Asuka. This was so wild having this delight before them. This was as close as they got. I was such a tease for doing this in front of them.

It made my cunt so hot as I ground it against Asuka's. Her curls tickled my clit and pussy lips. I shuddered, the eyes building my orgasm. The cutie moaned as she humped against me with such force. Her head tossed.

I could tell she was close to cumming. My clit sparked with delight.

Just a little more. I whimpered as I undulated my hips, grinding my clit in circles against her furred twat. She whimpered, humping back against me. 

My clit ground on Asuka's. The pleasure sparked through me was so wonderful. I gasped and burst with delight. It was so amazing. The rapture swept through me. Stars burst across my vision as I came with her.

Oh, Asuka! I moaned, the watching boys all grinning. Oh, Asuka, yes!

Iku! she gasped.

She's cumming, too! one of the guys said. This is so hot!

Hot pussy juices gushed out of both our pussies, soaking her bush and my vulva. I shuddered, grinding against her. I savored all the delight rushing through my body. I rode the high. All these delights swept through me. They were marvelous. Just fantastic. I loved it so much. 

My eyes squeezed shut as the rapture washed over my mind. It was such a wonderful treat. A hot delight to experience. I groaned, hitting the peak of my delight. I quivered here, my entire body trembling. The heat burned through me. 

I smiled, loving this passion so much. I savored the heat bursting through me. I felt so good. Just fantastic I shuddered, loving all that hot pussy cream spilling between us. I humped against her as the pleasure died to bliss in me.

Oh, my, I groaned.

Docea-san, whimpered the Japanese cutie. Watashi wa sono yorokobi o tanoshinda.

Hmm,? I asked her as I sat up.

I enjoyed that pleasure, she moaned. Domo arigato, Docea-san. 

You're welcome, I groaned. Oh, my, that was good, but we have disrupted your class long enough. Your classmates need to get back to their coding.

Yes, yes, said Mr. Jordan. Come on, boys. Back to work. He clapped his hands. We still have time left in the period. You can jerk off to those videos at your home. Yeah, I know you do that. I was your age once. Come on.

Asuka stood and I stood. She leaned in close to me. They will truly... do that to us.

Yes, I said, putting my arm around her. But Master Hayward won't mind. He knows they'll never get to touch our bodies. To look sexy for our master means other men will also get to see us being naughty, but that's all they get. Now, let us go meet him.

Hai, she whimpered, sounding so eager. I would very much like to feel Hayward-dono's cock in me. I've only had sex with Black men. Will his dick be as good?

Far, far better, I said, shocked to learn Asuka had sex let alone with Black men. Was this petite thing a size queen? Trust me. I've had a few Black men, and men of other races, and none of them can compare to Master Hayward.

She smiled.

We headed out of the classroom and made our way through the school. I sent a text message and quickly found out he was holding court in the cafeteria. We headed that way where he had Bella cuddled up against him, their lips met in a kiss while two new girls with green garters were sucking on his cock.

Carla one of the cheerleaders and Felicity. How delightful. 

On the other side of Master Hayward, his little sister was getting her pussy eaten by a girl with auburn hair. Another newcomer to the harem. She was a cutie named Ashley, the white garter looking perfect on her thigh while her sparse bush dripped with cum.

Master had deflowered another Virgin-Maid. Wonderful.

Master Hayward, I purred.

He broke the kiss with his Maid-Wife and smiled. Another...? Ah, Asuka. That's a delicious treat. I thought you were only recruiting teachers.

Intelligent girls, I purred. Wise-Maids. She'll be very useful for data analysis and scripting programs to help us find patterns and identify problems.

Hai, Asuka said. My heart, body, and soul are yours, Hayward-dono.

Yes! Kylie squealed as she came. 

A flush of warmth ran through me. I knew that I had made another great choice as Master Hayward stared at the naked Asuka with such hunger in his eyes, the two Concubine-Maids serving his dick with their hungry mouths. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Bella Miles

After class, the harem gathered around my Husband-Master. Lance had gained so many new girls today. It was so wild. I had gained him the mostVeronica, Alice, Gloria, Carla, and Felicitywhile Kylie had given him fourTabitha, Janiqua, Brenda, and Ashley whom she'd claimed near the end of the day, a cute girl with auburn hairand Ms. Docea had found threePrincipal White, Mrs. Johnson, and Asuka, a nerdy Japanese girl. It was so hot seeing all of us around him. 

I wondered who Nancy had found for him?

Okay, said Lance as he looked around at them. You new maids, go home, gather what personal things you want to take with you, and meet back here in two hours. I'll arrange transport for you all to come to the manor and we'll get you settled in your new rooms.

The maids all grinned and nodded.

Master, I purred to my husband, I need to head home, too. I have to see my Mom. Don't worry, she'll give me a ride.

Sure, sure, Lance said. Just be back before nightfall. I don't... He swallowed. Well, we don't want a repeat of last night's incident.

Of course not. I threw my arms around him. He hugged me tight as we kissed. I felt the love from my Husband-Master. My skirt rustled. He would love what I would get for him. 

I had one more maid to recruit. The best wife I knew. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Maria Hayward

I came down the stairs and shuddered at the sight of her. The gorgeous statue of the busty woman. My pussy clenched with delight as I slid up to her. I threw my arms around her and kissed her. My tongue thrust out, brushing her sharp teeth.

I tasted the earthy stone as I humped against her. My pussy clenched as my skirt rustled around my thighs. She felt so wonderful against me. My nipples throbbed in my bodice. I wanted to strip naked and just smear my wet cunt all over her.

So I hiked my skirt enough to rub my pussy against her, my clit nuzzling into the stone. Sparks flared. I ran my hands down her back and grabbed her stony ass. I whimpered, making out with such passion on her. My tongue explored inside her mouth, brushing her stone tongue. I loved those sharp fangs. She was so dangerous.

My clit throbbed as I humped against her. This was so exhilarating. I just

Footsteps approached. I broke away, panting. I quivered there, a wave of dizziness washing over me. I blinked and stared at the statue of the beautiful woman with a fang-filled smile. A moment later, Cali came into view. The purple-eyed maid furrowed her brow at me. The golden garter around her thigh gleamed as she sauntered to me.

I thought you had already cleaned this statue, Maria, she said.

Just double-checking, I said, confused at being here. I thought I had been on the floor above. I held a cleaning rag in hand, though. I spotted something wet on the statue's pussy so I wiped it off. There, she's clean. She won't be coming to life

Cali studied her. The Seductress... Yes, it's important we keep her locked up. We wouldn't her to get at your son.

No! I gasped. That's why we're cleaning. Flustered and confused about why I had come downstairs to give the statue another polish, I gasped, I just wanted to make sure. Just... a feeling she wasn't fully clean.

I fled up the stairs to resume my cleaning on the floor above, feeling Cali's eyes on me. 

To be continued...
