Author: mypenname3000
Title: The God's Passionate Love Book One: The Priestess's Passion Six: Power of Angelic Passion
Summary: Stefan experiences the power of his angel's passion.
Keywords: Fsolo MF inc magic fantasy exhib oral preg anal

Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to WRC264 for beta reading this.

Leywife Monica  Kelit Mountains

I shrieked at Sir Bryce's blade swinging for my neck. I ripped my hand from rubbing at myself from my white dress. I stumbled and almost fell on my backside before I realized he had stopped the blade before it hit me. My heart pounded in my chest, pumping hot blood through my veins.

Sir Bryce! I squeaked.

You need to be able to protect yourself when it matters, he growled, his face hard as stone. His muscles flexed as he drew back his blade into a guard position. Not just when you're calm, but when you're afraid. When the fear grips your heart and twists your bowels into a sailor's hitch.

O-okay, I managed to say, my entire body shuddering.

Good, find that part of you that protects you, he said and drew back his blade. Delve into yourself for what you need.

I nodded and rubbed my hands down my stomach. I had to take this seriously. I pulled off my dress and now stood naked before him. I slid my fingers across my pudenda. My fingers ran across my shaved pubic mound. I could feel a hint of stubble. I'd have to shave myself. Then my digits were sliding over my pussy lips. I caressed myself, teasing across my flesh.

My sexuality was the key to my power. It was rooted in the core of my femininity. I needed to awaken it to protect me. To condition myself to bring it to the surface. I rubbed at my pussy. My lips felt so dry from the fear. I swallowed as Sir Bryce stood before me, ready to strike.

My knight. He was masculine perfection. Strong and powerful, old enough to be my father. I shuddered. Heat blossomed in my pussy. A desire for his patriarchal protection rippled through me, a lust for this mature man. I ached for him, yearning to unite with him.

His sword swung at me. I flinched back as his blade whistled down at me. I felt the air rush. It came so close. His muscles flexed and he swished into another attack. He slashed and hacked before me. The tip sliced before my face. I felt the wind from its passage. 

I masturbated as the sword thrust past my head. My entire body quivered. The fear melted down to the heat in my pussy. This strange exhilaration rippled through me. I focused on being protected. On using my femininity to inspire masculine defense.

Something sparked inside of me.

I thrust two fingers into my pussy's depths. My juices were flowing now. A wet warmth engulfed my digits. I whimpered. This trembling heat rippled through my body. My heart pounded in my chest as this wild sensation swept through me. I wiggled my hips from side to side. My thumb rubbed on my clit.

Sir Bryce swung. Slashed. Hacked.

The more I masturbated, the more I felt that feminine power. That need to defend not myself, but my baby. The way Sir Bryce protected me. That fierce strength. I ached for it. I groaned as he slammed his sword at me.

The risk. The danger. 

I curled my finger and rubbed across my G-spot. I moaned as pleasure burst through me. I felt my power. I seized it as his sword slashed down at me. The femininity burst from me. A shield of pink flashed before me.

His sword struck it.

A burst of rainbow sparks exploded from the impact. His sword rebounded. His stance shifted. He nodded as the shield faded. His sword drawing back. Then he aimed it at me and thrust at me with full force, a powerful plunge that would ram through my belly.

Yes! I hissed and threw out that power again. I had found it.

The shield burst to life again, stopping his powerful thrust. My pussy clenched around my fingers. Sparks exploded. My entire body quivered. My digits massaged my G-spot. Energy rippled over the shield, washing around it. It resounded around us.

I did it! I moaned, rubbing at that G-spot. I stared at him with such lust. I bit my lower lip as he lowered his sword. I found the power, Sir Bryce. Pater's cock, yes!

I exploded in rapture. My cunt convulsed and spasmed. My twat writhed around my fingers. Juices gushed out hot and drenched my hand. My head threw back. My twin braids danced down my back. My round breasts heaved.

Through the sparks dancing across my vision, I stared at his powerful body. His muscular flesh, the gold marriage locket dancing around his neck. He was such a sexy man. Matured to perfection. At the height of his strength. Waves of pleasure rippled through me as my eyes fell upon his cock.

Thick. Throbbing. Begging to be sucked.

The exhilaration caused by fear mixing with lust overcame me. I ripped my fingers from my cumming pussy and threw myself at him. The sweet musk filled my nose. I fell to my knees on the dirt of our campsite. I grabbed his cock with my cream-drenched hand. My mouth opened.

I swallowed him.

Gods damn, he groaned as I sucked. Monica!

I loved his brown eyes staring down at me. His powerful chest rose and fell. His cock throbbed and twitched in my hand. My tongue danced around his spongy crown. The flavor of salty precum stained my tongue. I swirled around him. My lips sealed tight.

I sucked and nursed and loved him.

I bobbed my head. My head twisted from side to side. Drool ran down my chin. I rubbed the crown against the top of my mouth. The sides of my inner cheeks. I fisted him as I sucked. I loved him. Pleasure crossed his face.

Monica, he said again. Then his strong hand grabbed the top of my head. He held me tight with those rough and powerful fingers.

I loved it. My pregnant pussy clenched, aching for his cock to slide into my pussy. It would be an amazing treat. I bobbed my head up and down his shaft. My lips sealed about his cock. Saliva dripped down my chin. I gave him such a sloppy blowjob.

I sucked and swallowed the precum flowing from his cock. With all my heart. I pleased this hunky man. My knight who saved me. My heart beat faster and faster. I wanted to support him. To help him find the bastard who destroyed the temple. 

The Lawbreaker.

Gods, Monica, he growled. You want my cum, don't you?

I moaned and nodded, sucking and nursing harder. My tongue ran across the front of his dick. I stroked him. The pleasure surged through me. My cunt clenched. The heat ran from my twat and flooded through me. My hips wiggled from side to side.

More and more of his precum swelled. I pumped my hand up and down my cock. His shaft pulsed in my hand. He threw back his head and snarled that masculine prowess. His dick erupted. Jizz boiled out of his cock and splashed into my mouth.

Gods, yes! he growled. Gewin's mighty cock!

I swallowed his cum. I gulped down every last drop of his jizz. This wonderful pleasure swept through me. A tingle almost like an orgasmic rush. My pussy clenched. His cum warmed my belly. My body wiggled from side to side.

His cock splashed the inside of my mouth with hard blasts of cum. I gulped them down. I swallowed every last drop of his jizz. I sucked with all my might. I drew out all the dollops of his seed, loving every taste of him.

I popped my mouth off my cock and smiled at him. Did you know how sexy you are, Sir Bryce.

I've had that effect on women before, he said. His smile grew. Look at you, pregnant with Pater's child, and you want my cock. You're had a God's dick and you lust for me.

You are such a man, I moaned. Like Pater.

His face darkened. I'm no God.

No, you're here. You saved me. I stood up hooked my left arm around his neck. I pressed my naked body against his. My pregnant cunt clenched as I rubbed my stomach against his cock. You're the man who came to my rescue. That's something special, don't you think?

He smiled.

Yeah, you do. I giggled. Mmm, you're such a powerful man. Let me thank you. Let me love you, Sir Bryce. Let me be your support. My way of thanking you for saving me.

My nipples throbbed against him. He was still hard. She knew he was once a Knight Deute. Which meant he had quested with a priestess of Slata. They enjoyed blessing their knights' cocks, imbuing them for life with the sexual prowess to please a woman. 

Pater's wife was a lusty Goddess, and her priestesses followed suit.

I kissed at his chin. Just stretch out on our back and let me love you with my pussy. I smiled at him. It's pregnant. The blessing in it will only make you stronger. Make it easier to kill that bastard we're hunting. We'll destroy him.

Yes! he growled. We shall avenge the monster who ruined our lives.

Before I could ask what the Lawbreaker had done to Sir Bryce, he kissed me. He thrust his tongue into my mouth. I shuddered against him. I held him tight as he pulled me tight to him. Then he sank to the ground by the fire, pulling me atop him.

My pussy rubbed on his hard cock. My shaved flesh ground on him. The lust swelled through me. My femininity ached to unite with his masculinity. It was the way of the universe. We were made to fit together and share such bliss.

And I wanted to share that bliss with him.

My nipples rubbed into his chest. They throbbed and ached as I slid up him. This pleasure rippled through my body. I kissed him with hunger. My tongue danced around with his. His hands pulled me up his cock until the tip nuzzled into my pussy lips.

I rubbed the crown of his cock against my hot cunt. He rested at the entrance of my twat.

I pressed myself down his dick. I groaned as I pushed my snatch down his cock. The pleasure rippled through my body. My cunt gripped him. The pleasure swept through my body. More and more of my snatch took his cock into my pregnant depths.

I broke the kiss and moaned, Yes! Oh, Gods, you fit in me perfectly.

He smiled up at me. His locket pressed against my chest. I could almost feel the love the God Luben had imbued in it. My hips wiggled from side to side. I stirred my hips around his shaft, grinding my clit into his pubic mound. Pleasure surged through me.

Pater's cock, I love it when you're in me, I moaned. His hands squeezed my ass. 

Slata's whorish cunt, he groaned.

I smiled. You like it when I do this? I asked, rotating my hips. That wonderful cock felt amazing inside of me. He felt so powerful. Pleasure rippled through my body. Huh?

Yes, he growled. Damn, that's good. You're going to drain my cock dry, aren't you?

I winked at him.

Yeah, you are, he panted. Just working that pussy around my dick. You're going to have me spurting into your cunt. Just basting you with my jizz.

Uh-huh, I moaned, squeezing and relaxing around him. You're going to unleash so much spunk in me. Just flooding me with all that jizz.

I stared into his brown eyes as I worked my pussy up and down his cock. I rocked on him, rubbing my nipples into his chest. That felt incredible. He growled and snarled as I squeezed my cunt around him. I worked my pussy up and down his girth. I loved every bit of him. I reveled in the thick shaft filling me.

Ooh, yes, yes! I moaned. Gods, your cock is going to make me explode. You want that?

I want to feel you spasming, he growled, his hands squeezing on my ass. He pulled me up his cock. My snatch clenched around his dick. The pleasure spilled through my body, tingles rippling through me. Let me feel that cunt writhing about me. Show me how hot I make you. How much you love my dick.

Yes, Sir Bryce! I moaned, my cunt clenching around him.

Then I gasped as he rolled us over. I was beneath him. His locket dangled down to my breasts. He stared down at me with hunger in his eyes. He rammed hard into my pussy. He slammed to the depths in me. Over and over again.

He buried hard. Fast. He plundered me. This heat swept through my body. I groaned, my pussy clenching around his cock. He slammed deep into me. Hard. He buried to hilt in me again and again. His balls smacked with meaty thuds into my taint, brimming with his seed.

The pleasure swept through me. The heat roiled through my body. I whimpered and moaned as he took me hard. My legs hugged his torso. His chest pressed into my round breasts. I loved his weight on me as his wiry pubic hair pressed into my shaved pussy lips over and over. 

My cunt clenched on him.

The heat swelled in me.

That wonderful cock sheathed in my cunt again and again. My nipples throbbed and ached. I stared into his eyes. He snarled on me, wild, full of his passion. The delight rippled through me. I loved it. I savored every moment of it.

Pater's cock! I moaned. Sir Bryce! Oh, yes, yes! Just ram into me. Fuck me hard. Bury to the hilt in me!

He responded to my passion. He gave me what I needed.

Slata's cunt, yes! I moaned, my cunt squeezing around his cock.

The pleasure of his big dick stimulated me. Every thrust brought me closer and closer to that climatic rapture. My pussy clenched about his cock. My clit throbbed as he plundered into me, teased by his wiry pubic hair. The friction blazed in my pregnant snatch. His heavy balls smacked into me.

Full of that cum.

My body craved it. Ached for it. I wanted to feel that jizz spurting into my body. He plunged deep into me. My cunt squeezed around his dick. I gasped at the stimulation. The hot, silky delight sent bliss surging through my body.

I exploded in rapture.

My cunt spasmed and writhed. I bucked and trembled beneath him. This pleasure rippled through me. My hot cunt dribbled down to my taint. My pussy worshiped his cock thrusting into me. I loved it. Euphoria rushed through my body. 

I gasped and moaned, the ecstasy flooding out of my cunt over and over. It was incredible to feel. My nipples rubbed into his chest. The Lubenite amulet rubbed into my tits. I bucked beneath him, aching for him.

Cum in me! moaned out loud. Oh, yes, yes! Unite with me. Fully! Sir Bryce!

Monica! he snarled and erupted in me.

Hot jizz spurted in my snatch. The pleasure slammed into my pussy and then rippled throughout my quivering body. I bucked and shuddered beneath him. I clung to him. I whimpered and moaned. My cunt spasmed faster. Harder. The bliss washed through my body.

That's so good! Slata's cunt! I moaned. Oh, that's what I need. You're amazing. Yes! You're spurting hot spunk into me.

He growled atop me. Then he kissed me. My heart surged with passion. My protector thrust his tongue into my mouth. His rough stubble rubbed against my lips and cheeks. I trembled against him. My body clung to him. My pussy milked him.

It was a delight. I loved every moment of him spurting in me. I quivered, hitting the peak of bliss. 

The peak of ecstasy. I whimpered and groaned into his lips. My pussy drained his balls. I worked out every drop of his spunk. I loved the feel of him in me. I held him tight. We were going to stop this monster's dastardly plan. 

We would find this thief in Raratha and gain her support.

He broke the kiss, staring into my eyes. You're perfect, Monica.

Joy rippled through me. Thank you, Sir Bryce.

I trembled as I cupped his face and kissed him. I loved the feel of him atop me. This was like a story. A legend. My knight had come to rescue me. He had swooped in and saved me. Now we were on a daring quest.

I quivered in delight beneath him. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sir Bryce Cartith

I rolled off of Monica, the pleasure rippling through my body. There were aspects to bringing her with me I hadn't considered. She felt so sweet against me. The way she looked up at me stirred memories I kept long buried in me.

She snuggled up against me. She rested her head on my chest, her breasts soft against my side. Her hand slid across my chest to the locket. She touched it, stroking the checkerboard pattern of white and black made with opal and jade. 

A symbol of Luben on a paladin of Lagu, she said, her finger touching it.

A marriage amulet, I answered her, old pain rising in my chest. Flashes of my wife darted through my mind. How she looked that day she swore her vows of fidelity to me before the priest and priestess of Luben. The veil of white trimmed in black lace covering her face. 

You're married? Monica asked.

She's dead. I swallowed against the pain.

I'm so sorry, she said.

I squeezed my eyes shut. I hated thinking of my wife. The pain always ripped my heart apart. And what filled it was black vengeance. I would strangle the life from that bastard. I had done everything for the chance to kill the Lawbreaker.

You didn't murder her, I said, my voice thick.

Is it him? she asked. The man who sent the goblins to attack my temple.

Yes. 

She kissed me and it was so sweet. I found myself wanting to take her again. To forget my pain in the sweetness of her flesh. That was a trap. I needed the agony to keep my rage honed to a razor's edge. I would have my revenge.

Nothing would stop me. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Stefan Halian  The Magery of Thosi

The last energy I'd gained from eating out Ahlona brimmed in me. I had devoured her pussy when we woke up, and it sustained my magic as we left behind Esh-Esh. We traveled to stop this monster from killing my father. A God.

It still seemed hard to believe. 

I was the son of a God.

Why didn't my mother ever tell me? I felt the seashell-shaped, rainbow amulet around my neck, the memento from my mother. Maybe if she hadn't been killed while I was still a boy, she would have. Maybe she had her reasons.

And her killer was back.

This anger built in me as we left behind the bustling city of Esh-Esh, following the road south along Lake Esh. We would head around the east bank and then cut south-east for the border of Secare. We had to go around the Deorc Forest, the home of the elves. They didn't like humans trespassing in their lands. Then we would have to travel west through Secare to the Temple of Lily's Blossom. It was a long journey, and my blood boiled now.

The man who murdered my mother and wanted to kill my divine father had a large head start on us. It would take us two or three weeks to reach the temple if I didn't do something about it. Even though I was an apprentice mage, clad in the blue robes, I had the skill to do this spell.

I drew on the pussy juices from Ahlona and wove the element of life. I burned her passion to fuel it. Sex brimmed with energy, and her cream held hers. I shuddered at the strength of it. She brimmed with life, more than a human woman's passion. 

My horse neighed as I filled him with life magic. I sank the force into Magistrate's muscles. I animated his sinew. I filled his heart with stamina. He neighed and shuddered beneath me. His black mane tossed, contrasting with his ivory coat.

What did you do to him? Asked Ahlona. The mostly naked angel sat behind me. She had her arms wrapped tight about me, her head resting on my shoulder.

Strengthened him so we could gallop for hours on end, I said and heeled him. He broke from his stamina-preserving canter into a full-on run.

Magistrate's legs stretched out before him. He flashed down the road. His mane rustled as he whinnied with excitement. I smiled, moving with him. Ahlona tightened her arms around my chest. And then she laughed in my ear.

It's like flying, Stefan! she said with delight. But I'm holding you tight.

I grinned at her as the farms that fed Esh-Esh rippled past us. Hedgerows bristled with spring leaves. Hooves drummed on the hard-packed earth. Magistrate's legs stretched out before him as we hurtled down the road.

I loved it. We were blazing past the landscape. A horse couldn't keep a full gallop up for long, but Magistrate could now. We would devour the miles. We would reach the temple in a week if Magistrate could handle the pace.

If we could.

I'd never galloped for so long I had no idea how my body would handle it. But I was a demigod, wasn't I? Maybe not one as powerful or as immortal as the angel behind me, but I still had the blood of a God pumping through my veins.

This spell is amazing, Ahlona said. How long will it last.

With the strength of your pussy juices, most of the day, I said. I'll have to drink more. But the real problem is how long can he take it. This spell is hard on someone. It's suppressing things. Artificially sustaining things. It will gain us time, but there are limits to it, so we'll have to let him rest between uses of the spell.

Still, she said, we have lots of ground to cover. We can't let his monster escape us.

No! I snarled, the anger swelling in me again. 

Fantasies of finding my mother's murderer flashed through my mind The confrontation. The righteous rage I would throw in his face. The justice I would take in destroying his ambition and then the satisfaction I'd find in slaying him. I yearned for it. He would pay.

Suffer.

I'll give you all the pussy juices you need, the angel purred. It is quite pleasant to do.

I laughed at the feel of my angel against my back.

With her at my side, what could stop us? I would awaken to my destiny. I would avenge my mother and save a God. 

That elation filled me for a while, that eagerness rippled through me as my horse galloped past wagons loaded with food heading towards Esh-Esh or travelers walking on foot or riding on donkeys. I gripped the reins and guided my horse ever south. Soon, we were past Lake Esh, across the Roytin River emptying out of the lake, and cutting west for Secare on the road. We had to slow when passing through villagessmall collections of buildings, little more than an inn, a gathering place for villagers, and a few craftsmen to support the farmsbefore we were galloping at full speed again.

The elation of the adventure slowly died in me as the day wore on, replaced by the monotony of the travel. We had a lot of ground to cover. Ahlona and I chatted. She asked me questions about my training. It was embarrassing because of my age. I just never fully grasped all the concepts I needed to gain the red. The black robes were forever beyond me even if I hadn't left.

But she believed in me. She was certain my blood would help me win through. I hoped it would. Doubts gnawed at me as the day went on, though. So much was resting on my shoulders. I had to defeat the man who wanted to kill a God.

The God. Pater. Born out of the Waters of Chaos with Mater. The first two sentient beings in the universe. They brought about the Lands of Order, creating the world. They laid the foundations of everything. From them were birthed the next two goddesses, Slata and Saphique. From those four, came all life on this planet. All the Gods. The demigods. Humans, elves, and even ogres. 

And this man thought he could kill a God? It was ridiculous.

Only Slata believed he could kill her husband. The Goddess of Womanhood had sent Ahlona to me because she had faith in me. I had to remember that. A Goddess put her trust in my hands. So I must be able to stop this man.

Right?

My stomach knotted as the day went on. I needed to know more. Who is this man who wants to kill my father?

We don't know, Ahlona answered me. He's cloaked himself from the Gods.

How is that even possible? I demanded.

If we knew, we could counter it, but the attack on the Temple of Lily's Blossom announced his first move.

Okay, I said. What happened there.

A raid by goblins. They swept in fast, killing most who were there. They were after a leywife.

A woman pregnant with Pater's child? I asked.

Yes, she has our half-sibling growing in her belly, she answered. We don't know if the leywife is alive or dead. Everything is fuzzy around the event. That's why we need you. Divination isn't working, but perhaps arcane magic will work. Then you can follow them.

The only way I could think of doing that would be to conjure one of the dead. If any of the goblins were killed in the attack, that would work. The higher-ranked the better. Someone who had met this man who sent them on the attack. The man who got the goblin killed.

Excellent, Ahlona said. See, Slata was correct to trust you. She squeezed me tight.

I'm not so good at it, I muttered. That's more red-robe skills. I only know the theory. I've never worked this spell before. I'm not even sure of the right magic circle to employ.

You'll be fine, she said. It's in your blood. You're a demigod. A hero. Trust in it.

I hoped so. I didn't say my doubts aloud, but I didn't feel like a hero. It truly was magic beyond my skill level. I would have to recall all my lectures on necromancy, on the theory behind summoning a soul and on binding them. It would have to be a lemure, and not just any random one, but the one belonging to the goblin. I'd need a body. Blood. I'd have to draw a powerful circle to contain them.

I thought about it when we took our midday break for lunch. I feasted on hard trail rations, a hard bread pressed with dried meat and grains. I had to chew with vigor, the flavor salty and sweet at the same time. I worked through the problem, mulling things over.

Then we were off again, galloping past other villages. The sun slowly rose and then descended before us. The blazing ball of golden light led us on and on. As it finally set, it was time to camp. I was sore from riding, my mind full of theorems on the proper application of magic circles.

We found a place to camp in a dell, a copse of trees growing to provide a good windbreak. I led us through the outer sheath of pine trees with their green foliage to the dead branches in between. No sunlight reached this far in, choking off the lower branches of life. Ahlona's head darted around as she looked at things, somehow avoiding the annoying branches scratching at her naked flesh.

At a flat spot in the grove, I nodded. This is perfect.

So now we set up camp? she asked.

Sure, I said and then smiled at her. If you don't mind topping off my magic reserves so I can speed it up.

She gave me this wicked look, her fiery hair lit by the gold halo around her head. So, you need to eat my pussy and make me cum so you can set up our camp faster with magic?

Yes, I said, my eyes flicking up and down her body. I stopped at her round breasts. They were beautiful. Perky and soft. Then I slid down to her gold chastity belt. She had donned it again. I had the key on me. I pulled it out of my pocket. I was the only one that could enjoy her.

That made her even more desirable. Made my cock ache as I approached her.

But wouldn't it be the same amount of time if we just set up the camp without magic? she asked. I mean, if you're going to spend time making me cum, that's time you could be using pitching a tent while I make a fire.

But isn't this more fun? I asked, reaching her. I slipped the key into the lock on her hip and twisted.

The chastity belt vanished into a burst of gold light. Little motes rained down her thighs, exposing her hairless pussy to my hungry gaze. My cock throbbed in my robes. The sweet musk of her pussy rose to my nose. It filled my nostrils.

It is, she said, that wicked gleam shining in her diamond eyes. They were so clear and yet held such passion in them, a fiery brilliance refracting from her soul. How can I object when I must merely stand here and enjoy your tongue licking at my pussy, Stefan.

I smiled at her. 

I unbelted my robe and shrugged out of the blue cloth. Her eyes flicked down my body. Her smile grew. I then pulled off the amulet my mother gave me. With the last of my magic, I sank earth into the metal and broke the chain. I slipped on the key then repaired the damage. I was now out of energy that didn't burn my own lifeforce, the last resort for any mage. I popped the necklace back on.

I fell to my knees before her. I stared up at her with hunger in my eyes. She smiled at me, her face lit by the golden halo. The only light in the dark woods. My hands caressed her thighs. I pressed them apart.

Stared at her delicious pussy.

Her cream already beaded on the plump lips of her vulva. Her wings rustled. Her hands slid through my hair, stroking me. The scent of the demigoddess drew me closer and closer. Her angelic pussy beckoned.

I nuzzled into her cunt and licked. She gasped. Her back arched. An excited heat swelled through me, my cock throbbing as I devoured this beautiful creature's snatch. I stared up at her breast. They jiggled from her trembles. Her body twitched. Her fingers tightened in my hair.

Creation's passion! she gasped as my tongue slid through her pussy lips and brushed her clit. Her sweet cream coated my nose. The first trickle of her passion ran down my throat. Little dewdrops of power promising more if I made her cum. Stefan!

My sweet Ahlona, I groaned. My delightful angel.

She smiled at me, full of passion for me. I thrust my tongue deep into her cunt. I swirled my tongue around in her. She groaned, her hips wiggling from side to side. She had such passion and lust despite being a virgin until last night.

She was a child of Pater and the Goddess Slata. Her race absorbed aspects from the Gods' union. Her moans echoed throughout the world. She undulated her hips from side to side, grinding that delicious twat on my face.

My tongue thrust deep into her pussy. I caressed up and down her. I teased her. Devoured her. Her moans burst from her lips. Her fingers gripped my hair tight. Hard. She pulled at my hair, pressing me into her pussy with passion, almost smothering me with her cunt.

I loved her passion.

Her flavor.

The Divine Spark's rapture! she gasped. Oh, Stefan, yes, yes! I love it! Gods, your tongue feels incredible sweeping through my pussy. Please, please, don't stop! Please, keep giving this to me.

Always, I groaned, shuddering, realizing the truth. She'd been given to me. My companion. I claimed her virginity. 

I thrust my tongue deep into the pussy I now owned. I swirled around in her cunt. I stimulated her. Teased her. This wild passion swept through my body. She gasped and bucked. Her hips wiggled from side to side. She smeared her hot cunt across my mouth. The thrill of feasting on her flashed through me. Her fingers clutched at my hair, holding me tight against her delicious twat.

Her body bucked and quivered. Ahlona's plump breasts jiggled above me. My tongue buried deep into her sweet snatch. I fluttered around, wanting to reach as far as I could. Her juices ran down my chin to my neck.

I could feel her orgasm building. The one thing I had excelled at were my lessons in cunnilingus. I knew how to make a woman cum. I could feel her passion building her towards that moment of climax. When I would get to collect her cunt cream.

I slid my hand up her thigh and across her pubic mound. As my tongue plundered her, I found her aching bud. I stroked it. She bucked. Her wings flared. Her golden halo burst with light. I rubbed her bud again. And again.

Creation's pleasure, Stefan! she howled, her pussy clenching around my tongue. You're so skilled. Oh, Gods, I'm going to cum.

I strummed her clit with my digit and stroked her inner flesh with my tongue. I caressed her silky walls. They quivered. Her whimpers grew throatier. They rose in pitch. I knew those signs. I rubbed harder at her bud. Her passion burst from her lips.

Oh, yes, Stefan! she howled and then her entire body bucked.

Her pussy juices gushed out.

I opened my mouth wide to drink every drop of them. The true passion, the true power, was contained in her orgasmic juices. The squirting delight gushing from her convulsing twat held majesty. Her body bucked as the energy flowed through my body.

I rubbed my nose into her clit. I massaged her. Enjoyed how she howled and moaned. The way she quivered. Her breasts jiggled. Her wings flapped. My tongue darted through her folds. I caressed her. Teased her.

Loved every moment of her pleasure.

Yes, yes, yes, Stefan! she moaned. Oh, that's good. That's incredible. Creation's passion, I love cumming!

She shuddered through her orgasm, smearing her hot cunt on my mouth. I drank in all the passion as she hit the pinnacle of her rapture. I let her tremble through her orgasm, the passion dying down. The flood of her juices slowing to a trickle. A few dribbles.

I had all of her cunt cream.

I brimmed with magic.

I stood up and grinned at her. I sent my magic out of me. Air rushed out, seizing fallen branches. I gathered up fistfuls of dried pine needles for tinder. I carried them towards the center of our camp. I thrust earth into the ground and found stones. I pulled them up to form a fire pit. I piled the tinder and kindling in the heart of the fire pit, forming a cone of twigs on the outside with tinder in the inside.

Stefan, Ahlona said in delight. She danced her gaze around, watching as my magic surged out. We needed logs, too. I slashed a knife of air through a nearby tree. It groaned as it toppled over.

She gasped as it crashed through branches and hit the ground with a thud. I winked at her as the blades of air sliced the tree into arm-length sections of wood. I hauled those to us and split them into quarters in midair.

I was juggling as much magic as I could handle, threads of earth and wind and even life all around me. I used water to draw out the moisture from the green wood, curing the split firewood in moments instead of weeks. I made a pile of them beside the fire pit. 

Magistrate whinnied in shock as I pulled off the saddle and saddlebags with more air magic, manipulating the straps to unbuckle him. My horse shot me an accusatory look, his ears twitching. I sent a touch of life magic into him to soothe him.

Fire poured into the tinder. Smoke curled and then flames burst to life. Ahlona clapped in delight as the flames grew, attacking the kindling, forming the start of a blaze. Soon, the logs would be set on it. As the blaze grew, I pulled out the canvas tent from the saddlebag and the found the right branches to be the supports.

Stefan, see, she said. You're going to be just fine.

Embarrassment flushed through me. She was impressed with little household cantrips. It was simple stuff, only difficult in how much I had been doing at once. But I had a tent set up, the fire spreading to logs to make the coals to cook dinner. The forest danced with orange and red lights around us. Sparks popped in the fire.

She whirled around to face me. She kissed me hard on the mouth. Her tongue thrust past my lips. I groaned at the taste of her. The feel of her. She trembled in my arms, her breasts rubbing into my chest. Her nipples felt amazing on me. Her hips wiggled from side to side, my cock aching against her belly.

She pulled me down to the forest floor beside our campfire. The warmth spread over our bodies, caressing us. My dick twitched and throbbed as she kissed me with hunger. She felt so soft beneath me. So wonderful.

My angelic sister.

I broke the kiss and smiled at her. Aren't you just a gorgeous creature, Ahlona?

Thank you, she purred. And you are a handsome man. She kissed my chin and nibbled on it. Ooh, yes, yes, you make me so excited. I'm glad my Goddess sent me to you.

Me, too, I said, stroking her cheek. 

Mmm, so...

So? I asked.

I have another virgin hole, she said. You have enjoyed most of my body, why not all of it?

I smiled in delight. You are a wicked angel, aren't you.

She giggled, such a girlish sound coming from an immortal being. Endearing. I kissed her with hunger. I thrust my tongue into her mouth. The fire popped and crackled beside us as this heat rippled through my body.

I wanted to claim her. I broke the kiss and then slid down her body. My hands grabbed her breasts as I kissed across her stomach. Then to her pussy. I kneaded her tits as I smooched down her sweet, plump vulva.

That's a hole you've already broke in, she moaned.

Mmm, so true, I said, my hands releasing her tits. Hug your knees to your chest. Let me prepare you.

The angel obeyed. The action lifted her rump enough so her asshole was right before my face, peeking brown out from between her butt-cheeks. The sour musk of her backdoor filled my nose. I licked my lips and then pressed my face down between her cheeks. I had to feast on my angel's bowels.

She gasped as my tongue rimmed around her virgin hole. I danced and swirled about it, teasing her. She whimpered, her toes curling. Her moans echoed through the woods. My tongue caressed up and down her, loving the taste of her. That sour musk coated my tongue.

My hands gripped her rump, squeezing and kneading her as I swirled my tongue around her asshole. I teased her. My tongue darted up and down her puckered hole. Then I danced it in fast circles. Her sphincter clenched beneath my teasing touch.

Creation's passion! she gasped, her pussy squeezing tight right before my eyes. Her juices beaded on her vulva. Trickles of her sweet cream ran down her taint to her asshole.

A delicious seasoning. 

I lapped up both, loving the lubing delight of her pussy cream joining the fun. I then pressed my tongue against the center of her asshole. I pressed on her anal ring. I wiggled my tongue in slow circles as I drilled against her.

Her feet twitched before me, toes curling down. More pussy juices dribbled out of her cunt as I penetrated her bowels. I worked my tongue into her sour asshole. The wonderful texture of angelic ass surrounded my tongue.

My cock throbbed in envy.

What a delight to be able to penetrate into her. To feel her bowels squeezing around my tongue. I swirled through her. I pressed my nose into her taint. I breathed in the sweet scent of her pussy as my tongue violated her asshole.

Oh, yes, yes, Stefan! she moaned.

I slid my right hand to her pussy as my tongue swirled through her asshole. Her bowels clenched on my tongue. My fingers reached her shaved folds. I stroked up and down her as I feasted on her anal passion. I fucked my tongue as deep as I could in her while I thrust a pair of digits into her cunt.

She bucked and gasped. Her dainty toes flexed. She whimpered. My tongue darted through her anal depths as my two fingers soaked in her pussy cream. I pumped my digits in and out of her cunt. They marinated in them. I teased her as I loosened her asshole with my tongue.

I wanted to slide into her asshole. I ached for it. My cock throbbed and pulsed. My balls brimmed with the cum I would fire into her. I would pump so much. I would flood her. It would feel incredible to slide into her bowels and explode in her.

I ripped my tongue from her asshole and my fingers from her cunt.

Stefan! she moaned. Oh, don't stop! That feels so good. I think... I think I could cum just from that.

From ass play? I asked, pressing my pussy-soaked digits against her asshole. I swirled them around, smearing her sweet cream on her sphincter.

Yes! she moaned. The Divine Spark's rapture, that felt incredible. So naughty and... Stefan!

I thrust my middle finger into her asshole. Her tight hole swallowed my digit. I grinned as I worked it into her hot, tight bowels. I licked my lips, sour with her ass. I pumped my finger in and out of her. She squirmed from side to side. Her moans echoed through the woods.

I felt her asshole grow looser and looser with every plunge of my digit into her bowels. I worked her sweet pussy cream into her anal depths. Her cute feet kicked before me, pumping up and down on in the air as she squealed in delight.

Stefan! Oh, yes, yes, Stefan! Oh, I am so glad I'm yours. Always yours!

Always, I growled, loving how relaxed her asshole felt already. I pressed my second digit against her sphincter. 

I pressed my pointer finger into her tight asshole. She groaned as she took more and more of my digits. She whimpered, her passion echoing through the air. I pressed my finger deeper and deeper into her bowels until they were both buried to the second knuckle in her.

Then I fucked them in and out of her.

She gasped and bucked. Her bowels gripped my digits as they reamed in and out of her tight anal sheath. Her pussy clenched. Her pussy juices gleamed on her vulva. Her moans sang out with that bright passion of hers. Her halo shone with brilliance in the dark grove.

Creation's passion, Stefan! she moaned. Your fingers feel amazing. Your cock will feel even better, won't it?

Yes! I growled. So the best thing you can do is just cum! Just explode! Let all the passion gush out of your pussy!

Yes, yes, yes! she moaned, her body trembling. Oh, my Gods! Oh, my Gods, yes!

I loved it. The way she howled out. It was incredible. I slammed my fingers deep into her bowels. Then she gasped. Her asshole squeezed around my digits. She gripped them and squealed. Her feet kicked before my face.

Her pussy juices gushed from her cunt.

A fountain of cream squirted from her and splashed on my hand. Her asshole spasmed around my fingers. Her moans echoed through the air. I loved how they resounded. I twisted and churned my two digits around inside of her asshole.

Stefan! Oh, Gods, Stefan! she moaned. I need your cock in my asshole! I want to cum like this with your dick in me! Please, please fuck me, Stefan! Fuck my asshole with your cock.

Gladly! I announced and ripped my fingers out of her bowels.

To be continued...