Author: Lover Adam
Title: Reunion
Summary: A reunion encounter between long-lost lovers Adam and Stephanie.
Keywords: MF rom oral anal


Reunion

By Lover Adam (loveradam1@yahoo.com)
(Copyright 2003)


Story codes: MF rom oral anal


I hear a knock on the door. "Coming!" I call, and as I open it, Stephanie is
standing there, beautiful as usual, in a tight, black, long-sleeve shirt with
seamless yoga pants that stick to her sleek body like a second skin.

"Hi," she says, looking at me with smiling brown eyes. I don't let her get
any further before I grab her in my arms, holding her tight against me like I
hadn't seen her in years. I can feel her lithe body against mine, and my
hands are already exploring the contours of her back and waist. "Miss me?"
she grins, returning the hug. As her beautiful face comes near mine, I close
my eyes and press my lips against hers. God, she feels so soft and warm, I
feel like I could lose myself in the kiss.

We stay there a few seconds, lips locked against each other, neither of us
moving except to exert more pressure in the wonderful greeting that I've
missed for so long. We let up for a second, a smack issuing from our mouths
as we slightly disengage, then go right back. My tongue snakes slowly out of
my mouth, touching against her upper lip which opens, allowing my access to
her waiting tongue. Our tongues dance like serpents, hers swirling in circles
around mine while I taste the light and heady flavor of her mouth, rendering
me light-headed as I feel around the underside of her tongue with mine.

I slip my right hand up her back to the back of her head, pressing her lips
into me, as if I could actually make her a part of me if we got close enough.
My left slides completely around her thin waist, her belly against mine. I
know she can feel my hard-on against the front of her body as we grind our
hips into each other. It feels as if every inch of her is touching every inch
of me, and I feel her pulling me into her with her arms.

We let go for a minute, letting the wonderful sensations course through our
veins and our heads. I can feel my blood rushing and my heart beating wildly
as she tells me, "I've missed you so much... You don't know how lonely I've
been. It feels like it's been forever since the last time I've been able to
touch you. All I've wanted is to hold you again."

"I've missed you too...," I say. "I thought you'd never come back to me. I
love you so much," maybe never meaning what I've said as much as I did right
then.

"I love you too. Come here," Stephanie says as she sits down on my bed and
brings me to her by my hand. I sit down next to her, feeling the electricity
in my nerves as the side of my leg touches hers. She looks into my eyes, into
my mind, into my soul, and puts her hand on my cheek, stroking it lightly. I
feel transported to another world as I look at her face, my gaze shifting
from her eyes to the soft curves of her nose, her perfect lips, her cheeks,
and the delicate lines of her collarbones, peeking out from the neck of her
shirt.

I pull her back towards me as we kiss again, more forcefully this time. Her
tongue pushes into my mouth, seeking out my own and licking it like there was
a tootsie-roll in the middle. My hand goes from her thigh to around her chest
to her shoulder and my other hand reaches across her back to her ribs as she
wraps her arms around me. I move my hand up and down her back, feeling each
disc of her spine with my fingers. I feel along her lower back, down to the
sides of her hips, and closing on her firm ass cheek as we fall backwards on
the bed in each other's arms.

Our tongues are battling as I put both my hands on her ass and squeeze
tightly. I feel her exhale slightly into my mouth as I do, letting me know
she wants me to keep caressing her. In response, her hands flow down my body
and to my own ass, grabbing me and pulling my groin into hers. My cock grinds
almost painfully into her crotch, which feels warm and pulses jolts of
pleasure through my body. I find my way under the back of her shirt and place
both of my hands on her back, trying to feel as much of her skin as possible.

She lifts her hands up and pushes her fingers under the waistband of my pants
and boxer shorts onto my bare ass. I feel her squeezing, then raking her
fingernails along my skin in a delicious, teasing sort of pleasure, making me
moan softly between her lips. My hands reach all the way up to the back of
her neck, sliding back down with my own, short nails along the length of her
back. This time, they go under the band of her panties and push against her
lovely butt. My fingers feel along the crease where her ass meets her legs,
meeting between her thighs and slowly crawling up along the crack of her ass
until they get to her tailbone, and then I cup her full cheeks.

Stephanie pulls her hands out of my pants long enough to grab hold of the
sides of my shirt, pulling it upward to signal to me that she wants it off,
now. I smile as I look into her eyes, pulling my shirt over my head to reveal
my body to her gaze. Slightly self-conscious, I'm glad I'm so into sports so
she can see my muscular chest and shoulders. She's lying on her back while
I'm on my knees looking over her, passing from her flushed lips to the
inviting swell of her breasts in her shirt, down to her slightly protruding
hip bones to the length of the smoothest, softest, warmest pair of legs I
have ever had the pleasure of viewing in my life.

She can see my hunger poking almost painfully against the zipper of my pants
as she pulls off her shirt and pulls me against her. Again we kiss, and I
feel my nipples scratching slightly against her cotton, flowered bra and the
warmth of her stomach and shoulders against my own. My hands squeeze the
sides of her breasts, soft yet firm, and I massage her chest with the flats
of my palms, delighting in feeling her softness against my hands. I pull back
the left cup of her bra, exposing her nipple to my sight as I bend down to
suckle her.

I run my tongue along the side of her breast, circling around when I get to
the top. My tongue trails to her nipple, where I flick it across the bud a
couple times before I push my whole mouth against her breast. I suck
slightly, still running my tongue over her hardened nipple. Her breathing has
become deeper and heavier, and one of her hands is tangled in the hair on the
back of my head while the other is dragging along the back of my shoulders. I
feel a slight pain as her nails touch my skin, slowly but forcefully pulling
across my back. Encouraged, I switch to her other breast, running a trail
with my tongue across her chest. I can tell she loves being adored, but she
has other plans in mind.

She pushes me up by my shoulders and puts me on my back on the mattress.
Looking into my eyes, she grasps the front of my pants, undoes the button,
and pulls down the zipper. She runs her palm along the length of my hard cock
through my boxers before pulling down both my pants and my underwear at the
same time. I'm so hard for her; my cock springs loose towards my stomach as
it's released from its confines.

She takes my pants and socks completely off, and puts her hands on my ankles,
slowly moving upwards, past my inner thighs, up to my groin but not touching
my aching penis. She drags her nails lightly down the tops of my thighs and
back up the sides, closing in on my lower stomach. She smiles and looks down
at my cock as she touches her tongue to the head. Wow..., words don't begin
to express the sensations going through my head. My stomach freezes as she
closes her mouth over the head of my cock and slowly slides down my shaft.
Her tongue wiggles against the sensitive underside of my cock as more and
more of it disappears into her beautiful mouth. When she's gone as far down
as she can, she begins her slow ascent on my cock, driving me crazy with
suspense and pure pleasure.

Her lips slide off the top of my cock, shining and glistening with her
saliva, and she wraps her hand around the head as she moves to lick the
underside of my cock. Her tongue moves along the bottom of my cock, down to
my balls in an agonizingly sweet motion. She cups my sack with her free hand,
drawing one testicle into her mouth and teasing it with her tongue. She then
takes the other one in, giving it the same treatment as her fingers stroke
the line of skin between my ass and my nutsack.

Stephanie drags her tongue back up my cock, engulfing the head back in her
warm, wet mouth. Stroking the bottom of my hard dick with one hand and
sucking and tonguing my cock with her mouth, she soon works me up into a
frenzy. I can feel all my muscles stiffening for the impending orgasm,
relaxing, then restiffening again in infinite pleasure.

"Ohhh, Stephanie, I want to feel your finger in my ass," I manage to moan,
almost in a whisper. She grabs a small bottle of lube from my nightstand,
squeezes out a bit onto her finger which she rubs on the outside of my
asshole, dipping the tip of her finger inside slightly as I clench a little.
Coating her finger, she slowly works the tip of it into my ass, stopping at
the first knuckle as she continues to suck my cock. I reach down and pull my
ass cheeks apart for her as she pushes her finger in further, all the way in
to the last knuckle.

She curls and uncurls her finger slightly, pushing right against my prostate,
sending waves of pleasure straight to my head. Her mouth continues to work
its magic on my dick, and I feel the beginnings of the final tightening deep
inside my groin. I can feel the semen welling up inside as she fingers my ass
and sucks my cock, and I quickly tell her, "Ohh, damn, Stephanie, you're
going to make me come soon. I'm going to come so hard in your mouth, oh, keep
going, keep going."

Her ministrations on my cock speed up and I can't take it anymore as I feel
explosions in my head. I clench my ass on her invading digit as I feel my cum
rising through my cock. "OHH, STEPHANIE, GOD I'm CUMMINGG....," escapes from
my breathless mouth as my hips push upwards and all the muscles at the base
of my cock contract, sending spurt after spurt of cum directly into her mouth
as she looks into my eyes. As my contractions slowly subside, she smiles at
me, swallowing my load and wraps her arms around my back, kissing me. I can
slightly taste the semen in her mouth as her tongue comes out and touches
mine, but I'm past caring. I just want to feel her body pressed against mine.

"My turn," I grin, grabbing her pants by the waist and pulling them off her
hips. She lifts her hips and pushes them down to help me as I take them the
rest of the way off her body. She unsnaps her bra for me, letting it fall
off, forgotten to the floor. Now she's completely naked before me, the most
amazing sight I will ever see in my life. The creamy whiteness of her skin,
looking as if it could be delicate glass if it weren't for the muscular
outlines in her stomach and legs.

I see her brown nipples pointing up at me from her round, supple breasts, and
I stare at her, down past her belly button, past her thatch of brown pubic
hair, and along her sleek legs. I kiss her softly, and she arches her back as
I lick along the lines under her neck, tasting the sweetness of her skin. Her
chest flushes while my tongue continues its journey, stopping to swirl around
her breasts, down to her stomach and into her bellybutton. My hands cup the
sides of her waist, feeling how warm she is, and I lick further down,
stopping at the top of her pubic hair.

I slowly lick alongside first her right, then her lift inner thigh, coming up
to the lips of her pussy. I can smell her wetness, the pheromones wafting
into my nose, making my cock already hard again. Her hand on the back of my
head pulls my head towards her sex, wanting my tongue. Saliva welling in my
mouth, I place the edge of my tongue at the bottom of her vagina, licking
upwards over her outer lips, up to her clit. My left hand reaches to grab
hers while I spread her pussy lips with my right. I can see her clit standing
out from the top of her pussy, just waiting for me. My tongue touches the top
of it, eliciting a moan from my prone Stephanie. I flick it upwards lightly,
feeling her flex her legs as I do.

My tongue is outside my mouth, and I start regularly running the tip of it
across her clit, back and forth, listening to her breathe as I do. Her hand
leaves my head and goes to my back. While I'm eating her pussy with gusto,
waiting for the next moan of pleasure to issue from her lips, her nails
scratch painfully on my back. I press my face harder into her crotch, my
tongue going in figure eights around her engorged clit. She moans louder and
I feel her hand pull upwards towards my neck, leaving lines that are probably
bleeding, but I love to feel her in such pleasure. The pain pushes me on as I
suck lightly and resume flicking my tongue.

I keep licking her, changing my rhythm and placement as my tongue gets tired.
She starts to stiffen, and I quicken my motions on her clit. "Oh, Adam, don't
stop, don't stop. You're going to make me come," she moans, softly. I feel
her hand clench on my back and she squeezes my other hand hard. Faster and
faster I lick, trying to keep my tongue moving as she breathes faster and
faster. "Oh, oh, Adam, Adam, I'm going to come, I'm going to come, I'm
cummming!!" she cries, pushing her hips up into my face and clenching every
muscle in her body at once. I feel the muscles under my mouth contract as she
feels her orgasm rip through her body. Keeping my tongue pressed against her
pussy, she slowly begins to relax against the bed, pulling me up to her to
kiss me.

My hardness is pressed between our bodies as her tongue and my tongue
entangle. I look at her with hunger burning in my eyes. "I want you so bad,"
I breathe. "I want you, too. Put it in me, I want to feel your cock inside of
me," she tells me, out of breath. I lift my hips so I feel the head of my
penis at her entrance, and, guiding it with my hand, I slowly push it into
her. Her eyes roll back into her head as her incredible warmth and wetness
envelope me, my whole being wrapped up with hers in this one moment as the
two of us combine.

I slide all the way in, my hips touching hers, and I lean forward and kiss
her, letting her know how much I love her and what this means to me. She
returns the kiss, light at first, but slowly more forceful as I begin to
stroke my cock in and out of her body. She places her hands on both of my ass
cheeks, urging me on as I hold myself up by my hands and thrust into her. The
ring of her pussy squeezes against my dick, and I feel all the veins in my
shaft sliding alongside the textured coating of the inside of her vagina.

I look down to see my cock come almost all the way out, the bottom of the
head visible between her lips, and I push all the way back in, my pubic hair
meshing with hers at the end of my stroke. The sweat begins to pool on my
brow and drip onto her chest and neck as I fuck my cock deep inside of her.
She laughs as a drop lands on her cheek, and I grin, unable to command much
more of my face with all the warm pleasure flowing through me.

"Your pussy feels so hot on my cock, Stephanie. God, it feels so good," I
moan.

"Yes, Adam, I love your cock so hard inside of me. I love fucking you, I wish
you would never stop," she responds between breaths.

"Yes, yes, I want to fuck you forever."

I feel the same pressure building up inside my balls, my cock feeling like a
white-hot heat was burning inside it, waiting for release. "Oh, god,
Stephanie, you're going to make me come. Ohhh, do you want me to come? Do you
want me to come inside your pussy?"

"Ohh, yes," she nods, breathing hard. "Do it, I want to feel it in me. I want
you to come inside of me."

I'm raised up on my toes and the knuckles of my palm as I piston my cock deep
inside her pussy. The pressure builds and builds as we fuck, and I can feel
my climax coming over my entire body like an inexorable tidal wave. "Oh god,
oh god, here it comes! Ohh, Stephanie, I'm cummming in your pussy! I'm
cummmminngg!!!!" I scream in a suppressed shout since my chest muscles are so
stiff and clenched as my cock explodes inside her body, and I feel jet after
jet of semen hit the inside walls of her pussy, my cock buried completely
inside her, her hands pulling me by my ass tight against her.

Sweat pouring off me, I collapse on top of her as the last dregs of my orgasm
leave my cock and combine with her juices. Covering her with my own sweat, we
kiss, my cock still inside her as it slowly grows limp, my mind reeling, just
reveling in being able to have her in my arms as a feeling of warmth and
happiness spreads over me for what seems like an eternity.

--------------------

The next thing I know, I open my eyes to see Stephanie's closed eyes facing
mine. I must have fallen asleep, and she must have put me in a better
position and fallen asleep, too. I smile, knowing the most beautiful woman
alive is right here, sleeping next to me. She has a faint smile on her lips,
her head resting on her hands, resting on her pillow. I place my hand on her
waist, wanting to touch her, to feel if she's really there, like I can't
believe an angel like this would be here on earth with someone like me. I
almost don't believe she's real, even after feeling the softness of her skin
under my hand.

Her eyes open slowly, and she looks at me, the smile widening on her elfin
features. I lean forward to kiss her, and she turns her head to meet my lips.
I fall back down to my side, draping my hand over her body and pulling her
closer to me, and, ever so slowly, I fall back asleep, thinking I'm already
dreaming.