Anna
His name sounded like Lady saw, he said it was the same name of
a famous concert pianist. He was tall, ugly with a large frame, a
huge gut and a strange accent, but I was drunk, horny and not in
the position to be fussy. He began to kiss me, softy at first,
lips slowly grazing mine his tongue probing deeper into my mouth
and nibbling my lips. He was at the same time grabbing my arse
cheeks with both hands kneading them and pulling them apart so
that my pussy separated briefly as he massaged.

I was surprised that I was becoming aroused and with my eyes
closed and me not touching him much I could almost imagine a hot
guy standing in front of me. His breathing was getting heavier
and his hands were squeezing harder. He moved one hand from my
ass and began to rub my nipples from under my top softly
squeezing my breast as he did so.

His messy single bed was a few steps behind us and he started to
move me towards it.  I fell back on the bed and felt my wet
panties leave their stain on his sheets. He stood above me and
unceremoniously removed his top and unbuckled his trousers. I
began to think this was a mistake as he was overweight, not great
looking and I was drunk. As his trousers dropped to the floor I
caught my first glimpse of his cock. It was for sure his best
feature.

He stepped towards me stroking his cock which twitched at me. I
held it and began stroking it, his cock was about 2 1/2 handfuls
long, but god was it thick! I could not even nearly get my hand
all the way around. I began to wet the tip of his cock with my
tongue circling the head which was huge, cherry shaped and
engorged.  He was panting heavily, his stomach rising
dramatically with each breath.  I was now pumping him hard with
both hands while my mouth tried to take in his immense girth
sliding up and down his shaft whilst playing with the head with
my tongue and cupping his balls in my hands, salty pre-come
escaped him.

The room was spinning slightly; the bobbing motion of sucking his
cock was making it worse. I was now dripping wet and my clit was
twitching and tingling, I really did not think that I could take
all of his cock and hoped that he would just lick me out. Laying
back on the bed he got on top of me, his weight crushed me so I
could barely breath, I could feel his pulsing cock grazing my
pussy and it was making me crazy.

He again began to kiss me deeply and this time I enjoyed it,
licking, sucking and biting his tongue and lips hungrily. He
worked his way down to my pussy which was now fat and swollen
from throbbing so much. It ached and when he replaced his fingers
with his tongue I thought I would come straight away. He gave
hard, flat strokes sucking my clit as he came up.  After a few
seconds he came back up and began kissing me again. He was now
kissing me deeply and rubbing his huge cock over my slit and up
to my clit and back again, I was breathing so hard now and
rocking to meet the rubbing motion.

He then put his cock against my hole and pushed slowly, there was
a lot of resistance as my pussy stretched to accommodate his
immense size wait! I said as I felt like I would rip, he
grabbed my ass and pushed harder. His cock hit home as he
squeezed his ass cheeks to get it all the way in. I felt the head
hit my cervix and I let out a cry of pain and deep pleasure, the
walls of my pussy stretched. 

I could feel him rubbing my G-spot
as he fucked me slowly and deeply making me feel every single
thrust, my hole stretching, even my ass felt like it was
stretching to fit all of his fat cock in. I was making sounds I
had never made before, his huge weight crushing me, dominating
me. He was squeezing my breasts and ass in turn and I pushed him
into me harder with my hands on his ass. He started fucking me
faster and making the most delicious noises.

I could also hear noise coming from another room but could not
concentrate on what that was. I was on the verge of cumming, I
switch-up to be on top and began to ride him, impaled on his iron
rod he was me pushing me down on his cock grinding me with his
pelvis. With one hard trust I felt my body explode from my pussy
upwards I yelled out you fucking bastard!! he flipped me on my
back and began the same slow hard fucking, grinding his pelvis
against my clit, and I again exploded.

I felt weak from the convulsions going though me; he started
rubbing my ass with his fingers using my fresh juices to
lubricate my tight hole. He firmly pushed his finger in and I
felt his cock harden further, he was becoming a bit rough now and
I held his wrist in an attempt to stop his rough probing.

He removed his finger from my ass and his cock from my pussy but
stayed on top of me, finding the wrong hole he roughly pushed his
cock in again which gave great resistance. Dont I'm not into
that I protested as he rubbed his cock over my pussy and then
back down my crack, he was becoming very aroused again and pushed
my legs further back as he forced his huge cock into my tiny
asshole. I went to get up and tried to push him off me, I started
to shout as I knew there was someone in the other room. Suddenly
I heard a loud crack, my head rocked back as I received the first
blow to my eye. My body went limp and I began to black out....

Wladyslaw
Fucking stupid American bitches are all the same, she had sweet
pussy and I know her arse will be sweeter. I have no patience for
fucking around; I need to shoot my load and its going to be in
her tight arse. I almost came straight away when my cock went
first a few inches in, and then after I disciplined her and the
dumb bitch blacked out it went all the way up to the nuts, my
eyes rolled back with pleasure. Jesus Christ she is tight! I
dont think she has been fucked in the arse before. I held her by
the throat a little so she wouldn't scream when she came to. I'm
going to take my time with this...

Anna
...A searing hot white pain radiated from my ass and competed
with the loud, hot thud of my rapidly swelling eye. I could feel
hot, watery liquid pouring from my ass down my back. He had
demolished my ass and was still pounding away, moaning loudly. I
wanted to scream but could hardly find the breath his hands were
so tight around my throat.

He was losing control his hand rhythmically gripping my throat
tighter as he fucked my ass relentlessly. He looked me deep in my
eyes and spat in my face, hot spittle in my hair and running down
my nose mixing with blood and tears. He let out a load guttural
grunt which turned into a pleading sigh. Releasing my throat, he
pulled out; my ass gaped, losing memory of any shape it once had.
I gasped for air, fear hindering the process; I sobbed and shook
uncontrollably, grateful that my ordeal was over.

Part 2 to follow.
