TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright c April 25, 1999 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit.  
This story may be freely distributed for personal use with 
this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(M+/F, MM, MF, Inter, Impreg, FemDom)

WARNING: DO NOT READ THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, 
AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE 
DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE 
TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, 
OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR 
BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES' MALE 
LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE


Story Title: For Mother's Day:  A Trilogy of Tales Where 
Dominant and Cunning Matriarchs Influence Male Relatives 
Into Cuckoldry

TALE #2: Aunt Cathy 
Author: C.D.E.
 
CAST:
Crane-Carla's Boyfriend/Fianc/Husband
Carla-Crane's Girlfriend/Fiance/wife
Aunt Cathy - Crane's Aunt

FORWARD:

	Crane is very nave and has been raised by very 
religious parents. He gets a job offer in the same city 
where his Aunt Cathy resides, after graduating from a small 
church college. His aunt is not even close to being as 
religious as Crane's father, her brother.  Cathy sees her 
nephew's stay with her as an opportunity to get back at her 
overly righteous brother for his condemnation of her more 
promiscuous lifestyle. Her plan, to dilute her nephew's 
super morality, in her own special way. 


CHAPTER 1 AFTER THE SECOND DATE

	"I don't won't you to think I'm not grateful for 
introducing Carla to me Aunt Cathy, b-but I'm not sure if 
what she wants me to do is the right thing when we go on 
dates."
	"What is it that doesn't seem right Crane?"
	"W-Well for one t-thing, she says it's normal for her 
to be with her other men friends when we go out on dates.  
At the drive in the other night, she told me to stay in the 
car while she went in another fellow's car and stayed in 
the back seat with he and a friend for at least over three 
quarters of the movie, including intermission.  However, 
she did send one of them over to tell me to go get them 
some refreshments - sodas and popcorn - large buckets."
	His aunt chuckled at his detailed descriptions and 
accuracy.
	"So what's the problem. I'm sure they were just 
catching up on some school talk."
	"I see.  You know I'm new at dating Aunt Cathy, but it 
seems they were doing more than talking.  She even admitted 
they were having sex.  That is, all three of them.  She 
told me how she suc, er, took one of them in her mouth 
while the other had intercourse with her. She said they 
swapped between her mouth and rear several times.  I-I 
think s-she's a fallen woman. and I-I shouldn't go out with 
her again.  Especially since s-she wants me to. well I just 
don't think it's appropriate for me to go out with her 
again."
	"What did she want you to do?"
	Her red-faced nephew told his aunt after stammering 
and stumbling and picking his words gingerly and 
diplomatically.
	"Oh that!  Shucks!  That's just a normal part of 
dating around here.  And for you, it means a whole lot.  By 
asking you to suck her pussy after she's been fucked by 
other men is her way of saying she likes you a lot.  If she 
didn't care for you, she would've let you have some the 
same as she did for them.  You should be proud of yourself, 
generally girls don't let a guy get that close to them on 
the second date.  It's obvious she's in love with you."
	"B-But, I-I, isn't that a bit out of order?"  Her 
nephew said with a puzzled look on his face as he scratched 
his head.  "I mean, if she cared for me, w-wouldn't she l-
let me do, well do what they did?"
	"If a girl loves you, she wants to know if you really 
love her, the person, not just for her body.  So she tests 
you by giving herself to others to see if you can still 
handle that.  If she wants to test you further, she then 
offers her self to you in a special manner, as Carla did.  
She of course didn't know you were as inexperienced as you 
were, but now you know what to do to return her affection.  
That is if you don't want to break her heart, you know 
after going and given herself to those boys just to test 
your affection for her."
	Her nephew looked even more puzzled, but his aunt was 
heartened by the look on his face that he was beginning to 
absorb some of her mixed up logic. 
"I-I see. S-So you're saying I should've put my mouth, 
I-I mean."
"Yes Crane, you should've put your mouth on Carla's 
creamy wet pussy, where the other boys had prepared her, 
for her to test you, and for you to return her affection."
Her nephew thought a few more moments.  His aunt said 
nothing, thinking that it was better to be quiet and let 
her words sink in.
"So, if it happens again, s-she'll be expecting m-me 
to do that?"
"Yes my dear nephew, she will.  Now if you don't care  
to date such a beautiful girl, who was obviously swayed by 
your charm and wit, then don't worry about her anymore, 
even though you'll probably break her heart.  Is that what 
you want?  To break her heart?"
"Oh no, of course not Aunt Cathy.  B-But I-I don't 
know h-how to do what she wants.  L-Like you said, I-I'm 
inexperienced in these matters."
"Don't worry a bit dear, I can give you a crash course 
in sucking pussy."
"Y-You will?"
"Why of course.  What kind of aunt would I be not to 
teach you what you need to get you a girl, especially a 
girl that has gone out of her way to show you that she's 
attracted to you."  Said his aunt as she began to raise her 
skirt.
Crane was in awe as she then lowered her panties to 
reveal a very dense hairy bush that instantly caused a 
stirring in his loins.
	

CHAPTER 2 The Third Date

	"Crane, I hope I didn't come on to you too strong.  
It's just that when we women find a guy that we get excited 
about, we tend to overdue it.  I'm glad you wanted to go 
out with me again."
	"Carla, I just wanted to thank you for your interest, 
I-I just have to be honest with you.  This is all new to 
me, but my aunt has helped me to se things better and has 
even helped me to, well I hope, be able to show my 
appreciation to you, uh. that is if you give me a second 
chance."
	"I surely will.  Don't you worry about that. I'll for 
sure find someone to fuck me tonight and let you return my 
feelings for you.  C'mon on.  Take me by Bob's Tavern on 
Wharf street."	

CHAPTER 3 The Next Morning

	"Don't fret a bit Crane, it sounded like it went real 
well, it sounds as if she really loves you, that is to let 
you suck her after she let four guys bang her.  Now she 
didn't mean a thing for them, but by her coming back to you 
after spreading her legs, you should be proud that she 
shared her hot used pussy with you."
	
CHAPTER 4  True Love

	Three months later, Crane was quite an expert in the 
art of Cunninglingus of Carla's cream pie pussy.  It was at 
this time that Carla indicated that the relationship was 
taking a more serious term.
	After a gang bang from 7 horny studs, and as they left 
the couple, Crane was busy with his normal homage of 
appreciation to his beloved's jism saturated and oozing 
hairy fleshy fuck pit.
	After he completed his task of love to her 
satisfaction, she smiled as he pulled his messy slime 
coated face from her well fucked and sucked crotch.
	"Crane darling, you may pullout your prick and jack 
off for me, that is if you haven't shot off in your pants 
yet."
	"He immediately knew, based on his aunt's guidance, 
that her wanting him to masturbate for her, meant a more 
serious milestone in their relationship."
	"N-Not this time."  He sheepishly replied.
	"Good then, let me se your little fellow." Carla said 
in a sort of condescending, but yet sensuous manner.
	"Don't you think that's sort of small darling?  After 
all you've seen the pricks that've been going in me for the 
last few months."
	"Y-Yes it is Carla, b-but I-I'll jerk off for you."
	"That's it show your love for me.  Jack off real good 
for me".  She said with a heavy sensuousness in her voice.

CHAPTER 4  A Talk with his family

	"So father and mother, I leave that responsibility to 
her real men to take care of and I-I, will concentrate on 
doing what I do best.  That is, I suck her cunt."
	"I-I can't believe the lascivious words and salacious 
terms you use.  You ought to be ashamed of your self for 
thinking of marrying such a-a trollop."  His father said in 
an outburst.
	"Now dear, let's not be too harsh.  Sure, it's not the 
traditional marriage you and I have or are accustomed to.  
However, it appears workable for them and I have to say 
that's more than I can say of many marriages of the members 
in our church."
	Crane's Father chided his wife for her comment.
	"No dear, you should be proud of your son.  He for one 
thing understands he doesn't have the equipment to meet his 
bride's expectations.  He has relegated that to her other 
men, better equipped men, and instead is using his mouth to 
do what he can to bring her the pleasure she needs and can 
provide.  They both have separated true love from sex, and 
have concentrated on building the emotional love between 
them.  That's what's important."
	"I-I can't believe you're..."
	"Hear me out my husband."  Crane's mom said cutting 
her husband off.  "They both have achieved a love that is 
wide and deep.  She demands unselfish love and Crane has 
learned to provide it.  He's achieved unselfishnes if he 
has become accustommed to being with her as she has sex 
with other men in his presence."

EPILOGUE:
	Crane's father, tempered by his wife's understanding 
and acceptance of their son's marital lifestyle, tolerates 
his son's situation.  He however hates his sister for 
letting it occur.
	Crane, on the other hand is rather pleased to be the 
husband of a promiscuous woman and loses no love for her no 
matter how much semen she feeds him from her inflamed, 
drippy, slimy pussy.
Crane has also accepted his wife choice of the stud 
she's selected to sire their first born.  Actually, he had 
to agree after the fact, as the first time he knew about it 
was when Carla brought home her first maternity dress.

			---- End of TALE #2----
				Go to Tale #3

Like these type fictional stories? Send comments or future story ideas 
to CDE at ccwriter@hotmail.com


	


