Author: mypenname3000
Title: Stud Conquers the World Book Five: The Demon Mommy's Naughty Plan, Part Three
Summary: Charles sends a detective to kill Zach.
Keywords: mF mFf ff mc inc oral NC D/s bond exhib voy super viol

Copyright: 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my beta reader

Chapter Five

Lewis Zachary Zach Black

The test with Nisha had been a big success.

I just had to figure out the best way to use this new aspect of her. I could think of a way I had to use it. I projected my orders to Nisha as I sank into my seat in Mrs. Mather's business class. I believed in my thought form. She could do this.

I focused on the purity of my belief. I focused my will on it as I opened my book to the appropriate page. I had much to learn in this class as Nisha departed from me to accomplish her mission. It felt good to have my equilibrium again.

Mom and Moira both had me... weak.

I had to be strong. In charge. Of my harem. My destiny. And my will. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Detective Annette Carson

I wasn't sure what I would learn from Charles Swartzenburg. Something had happened to Jenny Lamb. Something that wasn't right. Was Charles responsible? His mother made my instinct scream at me. After talking with her, I was certain this was more than a wife who'd left her marriage to have a fling.

And with such a young man. Sixteen. I sat in the small conference room in the admin office of his high school while the staff fetched him for me. I had my notebook out while I played around on my phone, waiting for him to get here.

I had recently gotten into Sudoku.

I frowned at the puzzle, trying to figure out where the 9 should go in that row. Should it

The door opened and Charles Swartzenburg swept in. I looked up and... Gasped. My pussy melted into my panties. I had never seen such a gorgeous, young man. My heart pounded so fast. No wonder Jenny Lamb ditched her husband to have a fling with him.

The secretary who led the tall, brown-haired young man into the room was quivering there, her cheeks flushed. She saw it, too. Charles was yummy. His blue eyes pierced my flesh. I felt like he was seeing to the core of my womanhood.

Right to my wet pussy that just wanted him to ravish me. 

That would be so hot. 

He could just bury that cock onto me and fuck me so hard. I would love that so much. I licked my lips as he turned to the secretary. He stroked her cheek. She shuddered, her eyes so wide with lust. He whispered something to her.

She retreated, closing the door behind her.

I'm... I'm Detective Annette Carson, I said, struggling not to sound like a complete slut. I had to be professional. I showed my badge as he came closer and closer to me. I wished I wasn't wearing my ugliest business skirt suit. I'm a detective with the Pierce County Sher

He kissed me.

His strong, warm lips claimed mine. I groaned as he thrust his tongue into my mouth. His hand gripped the back of my head, holding a fistful of my brown hair. I moaned, my entire body melting against him. I was a decade older than him. 

He felt so much older. So much more experienced. I would do anything for him. I kissed him like a wanton slut. My pussy melted, soaking my panties. I was dripping with my excitement here. I shuddered, my lips and tongue working with his.

He broke the kiss. I whimpered.

I whimpered like a schoolgirl. 

Oh, my, I said, trying to gather my thoughts. I just... I have to ask you a few questions about Jenny Lamb.

Do you? he asked as he unzipped the gray slacks he wore. I shuddered at the sound, my pussy clenching. Wouldn't you rather just suck my dick? Isn't that a better use for your mouth than asking questions?

Yes! I moaned.

He pulled out his cock from his fly. It was so big. I groaned, my mouth watering. I dropped to my knees before him, shuddering with this delight. I grabbed his cock, feeling his heartbeat pulsing up the shaft. Precum dripped from the tip.

I licked it off Charles's cock. His blue eyes stared down at me with such... intensity. He wasn't a young man who was enjoying himself. He had such darkness in his gaze. I shuddered, this wave of fear washing through me.

He had hurt Jenny Lamb. I knew it even as I couldn't stop myself from licking his cock again and savoring the salty flavor of his precum. If he had hurt Jenny Lamb, then he must have had a good reason for it.

Yes, yes, he must have.

I swallowed his dick.

Such a dumb slut, he groaned as I nursed on his cock. That's it. Yes, yes, I got a use for you.
I squealed in delight, so happy that I could do something for him. I suckled hard on his cock. I bobbed my head, working my lips up and down his dick. He groaned as I did that. Such a big smile spread on his lips.

I nursed with all my might on him. I wanted to gulp down all his cum. I ached to swallow every last drop of jizz that he had. He groaned, his face twisting in delight. He groaned as I suckled on him with everything that I had.

He had such an amazing dick. Such a mighty cock. My tongue danced around his shaft. 

That's it, you dumb slut, he groaned. Just a fucking weak woman controlled by that pussy.

I moaned around his cock. I was. I would do anything to satiate that hot itch for him. Anything. I suckled on him, my head bobbing. My gun shifted around in its shoulder holster as I loved this amazing dick.

I worked my lips up and down him. I suckled on him with all that I had. I nursed on him with passion, my cheeks hollowing. He growled out in delight as I did that. His dick throbbed in my mouth as I loved every inch of him.

That's it, he groaned. Fucking dumb whore! Yes, yes, keep sucking! You want that cum!

So badly.

I suckled and slurped, drool running down my chin. the saltiness of his precum increased. I knew he was getting closer and closer to erupting into my mouth. Just so near to bursting into my mouth. That would be so hot.

I suckled on him with passion. I nursed on him with all my might. He grunted and groaned. His face twisted in delight. I loved every second of this. I was so glad to suckle on him with all my might. My cheeks hollowed with passion.

He erupted.

His hot cum pumped into my mouth. He flooded me with all that salty jizz. It was such a spectacular rush to have all that cum pumping into my mouth. I groaned and swallowed it all down. I swallowed over and over again. 

Yes! he roared. You fucking slut!

My pussy clenched as I swallowed more and more of his cum. I gulped it all down, loving the taste of his cum. It was a spectacular delight. I was so glad to drink it all down. I felt so happy having it flooding down my throat.

He groaned as he erupted that last time into my mouth. I swallowed down his spunk. I loved the way his cum spilled down my throat. I shuddered at how good he tasted. That salty spunk spilled down my throat.

Yes! he roared, his eyes burning with such hatred. Such anger. That's it, whore.

I swallowed a final blast of his cum. I moaned, sucking on his cock anyways. My tongue probed at his slit, aching to get out any last drops of jizz he might have. I tasted something salty. One last precious morsel of his cum.

Do you want me to fuck that slutty cunt with my dick, slut? he growled. Do you want me to dump all that cum into your pussy?

I popped my mouth off and gasped, Yes!

What would you do for it? he asked, this sadistic smile spreading on his lips.

Anything! I breathed. It was the truth. There was nothing I wouldn't do for him. For this special hunk. He was amazing.

Good, good, he said. I need you to kill Zach Black for me and then shoot yourself in the head. Will you do that for me?

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned, my cunt on fire for this man.

Good, he said and pulled out his phone. He showed me the picture of a young man with dark hair. Handsome, but not gorgeous like Charles. He's in Room 217. Go.

I jumped to my feet and rushed out the door. I just had to kill Zach and shoot myself in the head, then I would have Charles's cock fucking me. I could do that easily. I was a great shot. I kept up my marksmanship all year round. My daddy had raised me with guns. 

I burst out of the room. The secretary looked up, her cheeks bright red. Room 217!

Oh, that's easy, she said. Go out the door, up the stairs on the right, and go left. It'll be down the hallway, make another right, and you'll find it just past the restrooms!

I ran off at a full run, crashing through the administration doors and running through the hallways. I raced up the stairs to the second floor. I ran down another set of hallways, passing classroom after classroom. I went right and past the restrooms. 219. Then 217.

I stopped and yanked open the door, reaching beneath my suit jacket to grab the handle of my Smith & Wesson MP, the 9mm I preferred. I had a compact version I used for carrying off duty, but on duty, I had the full thing. I round in the pipe, sixteen in the clip, and no safety that had to be turned off.

It was ready to fire the moment I drew it.

I surveyed the classroom, scanning for students. The teacher, a woman, frowned at me. Who are you?

I didn't see my target. He was supposed to be in here. Anxiety welled up in me. If I didn't kill him and shoot myself in the head, then I wouldn't get to fuck Charles. I glanced at the teacher who now had a very annoyed look on her head.

I'm looking for Zach Black, I said, my heart pounding in my chest. I was about to rip out my gun and just start shooting. 

He just went to the restroom, the teacher said.

Thanks so much, I said, my body shaking. A strange calm fell on me. He might be a little busy. Nothing important. So don't be concerned if he doesn't immediately return.

Yes, fine, now. I have a class to teach.

I closed the door and drew my weapon. I walked to the restroom now. I didn't want to rush this. That was when mistakes were made. I reached the boy's restroom and peered at the door. I pushed it open with my left hand and held my pistol close to my chest so it couldn't be grabbed. 

Clear of the door, I extended my arm. I didn't see him at the urinals or the sink. He must be in one of the stalls. One was closed. I advanced on it quietly as I could. So ready to kill Zach, shoot myself in the head, then fuck Charles's dick.

Won't I be dead?

I froze at that thought ringing through my head. 

But his cock... If I don't do it, I won't get his cock. He was so handsome. I trembled and advanced on the stalls. There were four of them. The second one was shut and secured. I was ready to do anything to get that cock. Anything.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lewis Zachary Zach Black

My heart drummed a mile a minute.

I had thought of only one great way to use Nisha's extended range.

To spy on Charles.

And I was glad I had. He had sent a detective to shoot me and herself. Poor woman. Not only would he make her into a murderer, but he would force her to kill herself. That wasn't how people should be used. They weren't things to be disposed of so casually.

Not without reason. Not for a cause.

What was Charles's cause? Revenge. But he was plotting my death even before that, he just tried to be subtler. Now he went for direct action. My heart thundered in my chest as I lurked in the stall about to fight for my life.

She's at the restroom, Nisha reported. Gun drawn. You are going to have to subdue her and fuck her. You must break the spell on her. It won't be easy. I cannot help.

No amount of belief would let her manipulate the physical world. She was a projection of my mind, not anything tangible. But she was more than enough. She gave me the warning I needed. I could hear the cop opening the door.

The creak of the hinges.

I had my feet up so she couldn't see them. The stall door was partly open but hiding me. I had locked the one to my right and crawled beneath it into the first stall. She would pass this one first. Her footsteps came closer and closer.

Her shadow fell under the door. 

She passed by. I slipped my right foot off the toilet as she threw her shoulder into the stall door. The cheap lock burst and she was inside, shouting. I jumped off the toilet and yanked open the stall door. She was half-in the other stall doorway, twisting about. 

I grabbed her brown hair and yanked back on her head. She screamed in pain as I threw her to the ground. She landed on her back, her arms going wide. She held the gun in her right hand, the one closest to me. She coughed from the hard impact. 

I slammed my foot down on her wrist. She screamed in pain, her fingers springing open. I kicked the pistol away. It slid across the floor with a steely rasp. She cursed and swept her feet out. She caught mine and yanked my foot out from beneath me.

I fell half on her, crashing down on her legs. She snarled like a beast and rolled over to crawl for the gun, but I was on top of her, my weight slowing her down. I twisted on her and grabbed the back of her neck. I pinned her down on her belly.

She thrashed there, but I was between her legs. Nisha watched as she stood by the gun the woman reached for. My thought form nodded. I would have to fuck this woman. It was rape. She didn't want it, but I had to overcome the spell that asshole placed on her.

I could not hesitate to do what I must. I would free this woman.

I unzipped my pants with my free hand. She thrashed and struggled to flip over. I put my knee in the small of her back. She hissed, the sounds echoing. I knew how well the school had done with soundproofing. No one would hear her.

Hopefully.

I pulled my cock out and shifted my grip on her neck. I pressed down on her shoulder blades. She knew how to fight, but she was a short woman. I had eighty pounds on her. She couldn't make up that difference. I shoved up her skirt now.

She wore a business skirt. Stretchy fabric that I rolled up and over her rump with ease. I exposed a pair of purple panties she wore. Practical. I had to get those off. She hissed again as I studied her. She kicked and thrashed.

You fucking bastard! she snarled. I'm going to enjoy shooting you!

There's a pocketknife in her right jacket pocket, said Nisha. 

Thanks, I said and reached for it with my left hand. 

Thanks? snarled the detective.

I reached into her pocket and found the pocket knife. I pulled it out, unfolded the blade with the help of my teeth, and cut off her panties. Two slits from leg hole to waistband. The elastic was the hardest part to cut. I ripped those off and shoved them into her mouth.

The tangy aroma of her pussy filled my nose. I glanced down at her juicy pussy lips. She was dripping wet. I couldn't believe that. No, that was what Charles did to her. She was in such a state of lust right now. That was why she was fighting so hard.

That's right, Master, said Nisha. Now fuck her. Free her!

I placed my cock against the detective's pussy.

She snarled as I pressed my cock into her pussy. She fought so hard, wanting to avoid this. She didn't want to be fucked by me. She wanted that bastard. I felt the entrance to her cunt and I thrust to the hilt in her.

She arched her back and thrashed again. I held her pinned down as my cock sank to the hilt in her pussy. Her hot cunt squeezed about me. She squeezed her cunt down around my dick like she was trying to push me out of her.

You're going to thank me, I growled as I drew back my hips, her pussy clinging to me.

Her cunt felt amazing around my cock. I buried into her snatch. I plowed to the hilt in her as she snarled again. She clamped down hard on my cock as I fucked her deep and hard. I buried into her with force. With such hard strokes. 

She will understand once you're free, Nisha said.

I slammed into the detective. Her hot pussy squeezed around me as she screeched into her muffling panties. I thrust deep and hard into her cunt. I fucked her, reveling in her snatch. I plowed into her juicy cunt, loving every moment of fucking her.

She squeezed her pussy around my cock. She held me tight. I loved how great she felt. She glared at me over her shoulder, her defiance exciting. My nuts swelled with the pressure as I slammed deep and hard into her cunt.

Mmm, her pussy is so horny for Charles, she will cum on your cock, Master, Nisha purred. My thought form squeezed her big boobs. Yes, yes, she's going to climax!

Good, I groaned, wanting the detective to enjoy it.

 I slammed hard into her pussy, her cunt growing hotter. Wetter. She clamped down around me as I held her pinned down. I slammed into her, my nuts tightening in my underwear. It was strange fucking a woman with my cock thrusting out of the fly of both boxers and pants.

Her pussy massaged me. She brought me closer and closer to spurting. Closer and closer to erupting. I buried to the hilt in her snatch. I loved the way she held me tight. She massaged me with that hot snatch.

I was so close. I grunted with each stroke, burying onto the detective. She shuddered as I buried to the hilt in her snatch. I slammed deep and hard into her pussy. She squealed into her panties. She arched her back and climaxed.

Her twat rippled around me.

Shit! I groaned. 

I pumped away hard and fast at her pussy, her hot cunt rippling around me. She suckled at me with that fantastic twat. I plowed to the hilt in her, my nuts tightened. The pressure at the tip of my dick erupted.

My cum flooded into her.

She squealed into the panties. Her body shuddered beneath me as I pumped blast after blast of my cum into her cunt. I filled her up to the brim with all my jizz. The pleasure swept through me. Such rapture soaked my thoughts. I loved this so much.

I savored this amazing pleasure slamming through my body and into my mind. I grunted as I pumped so much jizz into her. I filled her up with all my cum. It was fantastic. She whimpered and trembled as she milked my cock.

Fuck, I groaned, savoring that delight.

I erupted one last time into her pussy, my entire body trembling. I panted as she whimpered. She was momentarily distracted. I bet she had cuffs on her. I could secure her properly now. She had lost a lot of the fights.

I had dominated her.

I found a pair of cuffs in her suit pocket and slapped them on her wrists. I had them pinned behind her back. I pulled out of her, panting. I leaned against the wall, my dick thrusting out of my pants dripping in her juices.

Moira dropped to her knees before me and suckled on my dick. She nursed on me with such passion. She nursed on me with all her might. It was fantastic having her do that. I loved it so much. I pulled my phone out of my pocket and texted my sister.

Boys restroom. Second floor. Now.

I hit send as Nisha worked her lips up and down my cock. The cop whimpered into her panties. She wasn't fighting back at all. She just lay there as I groaned. My hand slid through Nisha's hair. My thought form suckled with all her might.

She was such a delicious creature.

Damn, I groaned as she nursed on me. Damn, that's good.

She winked at me. 

Just don't spot sucking, Nisha. My nuts tensed as I hurtled toward my orgasm. I would be spurting cum down her mouth. This was incredible. I felt so damned good. I had just overpowered the cop. I had pinned her down and dominated her.

My cock had made her cum.

I felt amazing.

Shit, groaned, my nuts tightening. 

My orgasm built fast as I rode this rush of victory. I gripped the top of Nisha's head. Moira would be here soon. My pocket buzzed with her answer. She would have no problem getting out of her class. It was what she did.

Nisha! I groaned at that hot mouth.

My thought form winked at me as she suckled with all her might on my cock. I groaned, hurtling closer and closer to erupting. Closer and closer to spurting into her mouth. Her tongue swept around the crown of my cock.

Shit, I groaned. Shit, that's good. Just... Yes!

I erupted.

I flooded her mouth with my cum. The pleasures slammed through me. Stars flared across my vision. I sucked in deep breaths, my heart pounding a mile a minute as she suckled out my cum. My jizz didn't splash on the floor.

When it came to my seed, she could absorb it. I was glad she could. 

Fuck, I panted as I erupted again and again. Nisha!

She swallowed it all down, her motherly face staring up at me. I had avoided my mother so hard because I wanted her so much. I knew that at some level. I had always wanted her. Nisha was just a duskier version of her. An exotic mother that I created to serve me.

Damn, I groaned as I erupted one last time. 

Chapter Six

Moira Black

I threw open the door to the bathroom. I did not expect my brother to be standing over a disheveled woman with her hands cuffed behind her back and her panties shoved in her mouth. I blinked in surprise at her. Cum spilled out of her pussy.

Wow, big bro, did you...? I didn't want to say that word, but... It was so sort of obvious.

He tossed me something. A wallet. No, it was a cop's id. Detective Annette Carlson, I read aloud. Oh, wow, that's very kinky. Just going for broke.

Charles sent her to kill me, said my brother. He nodded to the counter beside him where a gun sat, its magazine ejected and a spare bullet sitting on the counter. Detective Annette Carlson is deep under his spell, but fucking her has calmed her down. For a bit.

Right, right, it's an Eros effect. Mind control works on either Eros or Phobos. Lust or Fear. I have all of Sable's maids and her parents bound up tight with an Eros spell. I stared at her. But it's nothing like what Charles has. And his seems to be growing stronger by the day. I've seen him strutting around. He could get a horde of girls coming after you.

Yep, said my brother. Can you break it?

Of course I can, I said, a big smile on my lips. I am your witch. Not every awesome guy has a cute little sister who's a witch.

We're the same age.

You're minutes older than me. I moved to her and flipped her over onto her stomach. She was cuffed. That was an issue. I flipped her back over. She mewled, coming around. Uncuff her. Then use your cock to gag her. We'll need her sucking on you. You've already half-disrupted the spell. How did you know that fucking her would do that?

Good guess, he said.

He fished around in the woman's suit pockets and found the cuff keys. He undid them, flipped her over, and re-cuffed her with her hands across her stomach. He pulled out the panties from her mouth and threw them to the side.

Have to kill you so Charles will fuck me, she murmured as he unzipped and pulled out his cock. Then have to shoot myself. I want his

He thrust his cock into her mouth. That was insane. Charles could get her to commit suicide. No wonder he was able to sacrifice someone to put that demon in his mother's body. The woman probably lay there willingly as he raised his athame.

Disgusting.

The detective suckled at my brother's cock. She nursed with hunger on him as I pulled up my skirt and shoved down my thong. I was glad the cop was shaved. That would make this feel even better. I stepped out of my panties, my brother watching.

I winked at him as I sank on my rump and scissored my legs with hers. One under and one over. I slid closer and closer to her until our pussies kissed. I loved the feel of his cum spilling out of her. That was just what I wanted to feel against me.

His cum.

Her pussy.

They would power this spell. My brother didn't have to use his cock as a gag, but why should he stand there not enjoying himself. I was such a wicked witch. I ground my cuntlips against the woman's snatch. She moaned around his cock and suckled harder on him.

It was no longer reflexive. She was coming around as a woman. She nursed hard on him as she humped against me. We ground our pussies together. Tribbing was such a fun thing to do. I loved it so much. Just such a fan of it.

Our pussies worked together as the pleasure rippled through me. Our clits brushed. Sparks flared. That was so nice. I loved it as I trembled here. My heart pounded in my chest as I undulated my hips and ground my cunt against her.

I would cum so hard. Just burst with so much delight. I was so ready for that moment. I just wanted to have all that pleasure exploding through me. I undulated my hips against her. I ground hard on her, so close to bursting. So close to just erupting.

Ooh, oho, that's so hot, I moaned. Suck my brother's dick! He's my awesome big brother. You know that. He fucked you so hard, he knocked off half that spell on you!

Yes, growled my brother. We'll free you! Put you to work on the right side of things.

My brother was keeping her? Ooh, she would make a perfect captain for the bodyguard. A hot police detective. I loved it. I tribbed against her, loving that shaved cunt rubbing against me. Ooh, she would be having a new job.

Yes, yes, work that snatch on me, I moaned. Just drive me wild. We're going to have a fun time with you, Detective. Yes, we're going to have such a great cum!

The detective moaned around my brother's cock and ground her sloppy cunt harder against my pussy. She was so into it. I loved it. My clit burst with sparks. They sizzled through me as my orgasm built in me. 

I ground my clit against hers again. She moaned around my brother's cock and humped back against me. She undulated her hips, grinding her bud on mine. My brother's jizz made our twats so slippery. It was so wonderful feeling all that cum between us.

It was perfect.

Delicious, even.

I savored this delight as I humped against her. I shuddered here, savoring this delight. My heart pounded in my chest. I would have such a huge climax. A big burst of cum. I couldn't wait for that moment. That wonderful climax. 

I humped against him, my heart beating so fast. This wonderful heat swept through me. It was a delicious moment. I was in heaven. It was a fantastic delight to feel that wonderful cunt against mine. I rose toward my climax.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned.

She suckled hard on my brother's cock.

Cum on me! Shower me in your pussy! Let me free you from Charles!

An angry growl burst from the detective's lips. She nursed with hunger on my brother's cock. No, rage. She didn't want to be freed, but her body didn't want to stop grinding on me. I loved it. This was such a wild moment. I was in heaven here.

Our clits rubbed again as she pressed her sloppy twat tight against mine. She ground against me. She wanted to cum so badly. Her cuffs rattled as she pulled against the chain. She moaned around his cock, sucking so hard on him.

Nursing with all her might on his dick.

It was a fabulous moment. I loved this so much. I shuddered as we humped toward our orgasm. My brother grabbed the back of the detective's head. He must be about to burst into her mouth. Just about to shower her with cum.

Yes, yes, jizz in her! I moaned as my clit ground into the detective's. Flood her mouth, big brother!

Yes! my sexy twin growled.

He erupted.

His cum flooded the detective's mouth as our clits brushed. That felt incredible. Sparks flared in me. My orgasm burst in me as my brother flooded the woman's mouth with his cum. She squealed as she joined me in rapture.

All three of us were cumming. 

Sexual energy flowed around us.

Hecate, shatter the spell upon her! I shouted, seizing on the energy washing around us. Free her from the glamour.

She spasmed, the cuffs clanking. My brother groaned, dumping more and more of his cum into her mouth. He flooded her with all the jizz that he had while I shuddered through the rapture. It was so wonderful to grind my spasming pussy on the slut's pussy.

Such delight washed through me. It was perfect. I enjoyed this delight so much. I savored it. My entire body quivered in delight. The pleasure washed through me. I hit that peak and quivered here. I loved it. 

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned. Oh, that was so good. That was amazing!

My brother grunted as he fired the last of his cum into the detective's mouth. 

She ripped her lips off him and gasped, That little shit! What did he do to me? What did you do to me? You two little degenerates, you think

Spirits of Night and Dreams, let her fall into a sleep, I said, seizing the last of the sexual energy, my orgasm rippling through me. Let her experience bliss and peace.

The detective's head fell onto the floor. She breathed slowly.

Well, she's not getting up, I said, loving the feel of all that cum smeared over my pussy. What do we do with her? I know you want to keep her for a bodyguard.

Zach grinned. She came here investigating Charles over a missing woman.

Ooh, plot twist. So he was sloppy in procuring his sacrifice. Probably things daddy's money will get him out of trouble. A shiver ran through me. Charles's father was our father. But was his father the rich Charles Swartzenburg I, or had Charles's mom cuckolded his rich daddy? 

Our father was a stud. Lewis Black could do it.

We'll have to smuggle her out of the school so we can... bring her to our side. He gave me a look. It's use her or kill her, and I took too much of a risk to dispose of her.

She will be useful, Moira agreed. Stash her in a stall. Sit her on a toilet seat and lock the door. No one will realize she's in there, and she's going to be sleeping. School day's almost over.

He nodded and picked up the woman. He dragged her into the last stall and set her down on the toilet. He picked up her torn panties and shoved those into the trash. He returned the gun to her holster but took the clips and the spare ones. He put those in his pack pocket. He closed the door from the inside, locked it, and wiggled out.

Back to class, Zach said as he headed for the sink. He splashed water on his flushed face.

Roger, I said and headed out. 

How fun. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Charles Ludwig Swartzenburg II

I climbed into the passenger seat of the BMW and swallowed. She failed.

How? Mother asked, her voice cold and low. Fear washed through me as Ashtaroth peered at me through those blue eyes.

I don't know. I couldn't lie. I had to tell the truth. There was no disturbance at the school. I've heard no talk about any gunshots. She went off to kill him. I told her where he was and what he looked like. She never came back. I saw him alive and unconcerned.

He knew. Mother said, a wicked smile on her face. Mmm, he knew and countered your attack. You failed.

Cold washed over me. It was a hasty plan, Mother. We need a new tactic. We have to use overwhelming force. One woman wasn't enough for a man like him. Even with the element of surprise.

Her hand landed on my left thigh. She slid up the gray slacks. A tingle raced through me, a prickle that hovered between lust and dread. Of course, of course. She reached my crotch and squeezed my dick through my slacks. We will have to prepare more carefully, but you failed.

She squeezed my dick. Pain shot through me.

You will have to be punished.

Yes, mother, I whimpered, the prickles turning to dread. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sable Newport

I held up my phone. I had opened a private Telegram voice chat that Zach had set up for us. I was outside the school, Ms. Denise waiting at my limousine. She had just pulled up a good forty-five minutes after the last class.

The parking lot was mostly empty.

It's clear, I said into my phone. It used Blockchain encryption to be secure. Bring her out.
Susannah, my delicious slave, opened the front door of the school. She looked around. Moira stepped out next. She was muttering under her breath, probably casting some sort of spell. Zach emerged a dozen heartbeats later fireman carrying the unconscious detective. 

He marched with his back straight for the limousine as fast as he could. Ms. Denise opened the back door and stepped aside. He hefted off the woman and placed her inside. He followed her in. Susannah and Moira rushed after.

I strolled out to the parking lot. Most of the cars were gone. The few that remained were in the staff parking lot but one. It had State Exempt tags on it as well as a few extra antennas. It was unmarked otherwise, painted a dark blue. I opened it with the keys. It had all the bells and whistles from the hardened laptop to a locked AR-15 held upright beside it. No room for passengers to sit. 

I started it up and followed the limo back to my place. It was a short drive. I hummed, enjoying the thrill of listening to the radio chatter. I hoped as a detective she didn't have to check in all that much. This thing would have a GPS on it. They could track it to my place.

Not a great thing. Well, we would soon have Detective Carson on our side. I bet she would look so sexy in a maid's uniform. While she was in the mansion, of course. My pussy grew wet as we finally reached my home. The gate opened.

We headed through it. We should think about fortifying this place. I followed the limo to the end, the gate rumbling shut behind us. Mrs. Haverstone and Cosette, my two sex slave maids, stood outside the doors in their sexy uniforms.

Ms. Denise parked the limo and the others climbed out. Zach carried the unconscious detective in his arms like she was his bride. The two maids bowed to him. I smiled and shut off the car. I followed the others in, my fingers stroking along Mrs. Haverstone's bosom.

Mistress, she moaned at my touch, her voice liquid. She used to be such a faithful wife.

Never would cheat.

Now she was all mine.

Well, I have preparations to make, Moira said. Magic circles to draw. Just set her on the couch, big brother.

He did and set her off.

This is exciting, Susannah said, she rubbed her hands.

I grabbed her blonde hair and yanked her to me. She gasped as stumbled into me. I kissed her with savage passion. My tongue danced with hers. She moaned as kissed her with hunger. I flicked my tongue through her lips. I loved how she shuddered as I did that. She quivered against my body. My pussy was on fire.

On your knees, slut, I hissed when I broke the kiss. You never satiated me. I've been so wet.

Yes, Mistress, moaned Susannah.

She dropped to her knees before me. Zach watched on. This was his wife. The woman he loved. He didn't say a word. We had made our deal. Was that a gleam of excitement seeing her pushing up my skirt to feast on me?

Mrs. Haverstone, he said. 

The MILF-maid strolled over and calmly dropped to her knees. Let me attend to you, Master!

She unzipped his pants, drew out his dick opened her mouth wide, and swallowed his cock. As she did that, my delicious Susannah pressed her mouth into my pussy and licked. She stroked her tongue through my folds. I groaned at her touch. Pleasure swept through me. 

I gripped the back of her head, savoring her tongue sweeping through my cunt. It was such a delight to have all that pleasure washing through me. My boobs jiggled in my corset as she feasted on me. Moira drew her circle on my floors.

Yes, I hissed. Pleasure your Mistress, slut! 

I'll make you cum so hard, Mistress! she promised and thrust her tongue into my cunt.

I shuddered as she swirled around in me. Pleasure rippled through me.

You dirty, little slut! That's it. Feast on my cunt!

Zach just groaned as he savored the MILF sucking on him. The sexy maid worked her mouth up and down his cock. He was such a handsome man. Only man good enough for me. I quivered as his wife danced her tongue around in my snatch.

She wiggled that tongue around in me as she ate me out with such gusto. The pleasure swept through me. It was such a perfect delight. I loved how she feasted on me. It wouldn't be long before I drowned her.

Soaked her in my juices.

That would be perfect.

Susannah gripped my rump. She held on tight as she feasted on my cunt. She swirled her tongue around in my cunt, driving me wild. I knew I would have a huge climax. I was so ready for it. Her tongue flicked through my folds and brushed my clit. That was wild.

Just perfect.

Fuck, fuck, fuck, I moaned. Ooh, you're driving me wild. You little pussy-munching slut! Some woman of God. You just are a cunt-hungry whore!

So hungry for cunt, Mistress! she moaned. I ate my own mother's cunt!

Yes, she did, Moira called. 

I shuddered. I wanted to eat Mrs. Augustine's cunt, too. I wanted to spank her. To whip her. That would be delicious. I shuddered as the slut danced her tongue around my clit. Just for a moment. A tease as I swelled toward my climax.

She was such a naughty thing.

I slid my fingers through her blonde hair and pushed her face harder into my cunt. Snorkel in my snatch, slut!

Mmm, yum! she moaned.

Her tongue flicked to my clit for real now.

She stroked over me. I shuddered as she did that. It felt so good having her dancing over me like that. I groaned, my face twisting in delight. I shuddered as she danced around my bud. Then her lips nibbled on my clit.

The dyke-whore knew what she was doing. I shuddered, my pussy clenching as she brought me closer to my orgasm. I groaned and shuddered, watching the pleasure rippling across Zach's strong face. He thrust his cock in and out of Mrs. Haverstone's mouth.

Yes, he growled.

Mmm, you filthy, little sinner! I purred. You lezzie whore. You're going to drown in my pussy cream. You're going to be so happy drowning in my juices!

Yes, Mistress! Yes!

She suckled hard on my clit. I burst.

Yes! I howled.

My head threw back as the pleasure swept through me. Such ecstasy rushed through my body. I groaned at the bliss of this moment. I howled in delight, my cunt spasming. I drowned her in my cunt cream. She licked at me.

That's it, Susannah, groaned Zach. You're such a great wife. Yes, yes, please, her!

Zach! my slave whimpered into my cunt, reminding me who truly owned this succulent creature.

The pleasure washed through me. Waves of rapture swept through my body and drowned me. It was an incredible feeling all that delight. She lapped at me as I shuddered. I savored every last second of this bliss.

Mrs. Haverstone suckled at Zach's dick. He gripped the top of her head and grunted, Yes!

He flooded the MILF-maid's mouth. He pumped his cum into her mouth as I shuddered through my orgasm. It was just perfect. Just a wonderful moment. Stars flashed across my vision. I savored every last second of this delight. I shuddered through every wonderful moment of it. It was just an outstanding moment.

Fuck, groaned Zach.

Mmm, my little slut, I purred, the pleasure rippling through me.

I'm so happy I pleased you, Mistress, she purred.

Me, too, I purred. 

And I'm so glad that you are all done having fun, Moira said. Because I am ready to brainwash the detective into being loyal to you, Zach. Charles won't be able to mind-fuck her. And you'll be able to fuck her without pinning her down.

Oh, wonderful, Susannah said. I know you only did that because you had to.

Zach nodded as he dumped the last of his cum into Mrs. Haverstone's mouth. He pulled out of her and headed for the detective. I smiled, eager to start my security forces. I would have so many women working for him.

Hide them in plain sight. Spies. Secret protectors. There would be so many of them.

This was the beginning. 

To be continued...
