Teacher Lust Part 4 
By The Courageous Pedagogue

(C) 2002 The Courageous Pedagogue.


Part 4 - The Puppets.

"Fucking hell!!" Daniella exclaimed, "What on earth are 
you doing here?" She quickly covered her privates with 
the previously discarded panties. There was initial 
silence.

"Come on Sally-Anne, what are you doing?" Simon 
attempted to back his partner up.

"Errrm, I could ask you the same question," Sally-Anne 
said triumphantly, waving the rapidly developing picture 
in her hand. Daniella furiously opened her legs to put 
her grey panties on, but Sally-Anne was having none of 
it. "You will leave those off 'Dan' if you know what's 
good for you," she said with a wicked grin on her face, 
holding two incriminating photographs above her head. 
The jaws on Simon and Daniella's faces dropped.

"W, what are you going to do with those Sally-Anne?" 
asked a trembling Mr Samuel. 

"Well, I might put copies all around the school... or I 
might keep a couple for my own personal viewing, orrrr, 
I might just destroy the lot. It's really up to you 
two." Sally-Anne smugly informed the stricken duo.

"Okay, will you to destroy them?" asked a more 
determined Miss Edgington. Sally-Anne smiled,

"If you had access to pictures like these, would you 
destroy them? These are very valuable." The two teachers 
looked at each other helplessly and shrugged their 
shoulders, Daniella's pussy in clear view of an excited 
Sally-Anne who continued. "The whole school knows that 
there is something going on between you two, but you 
deny it! Now I have the proof - there is no way I am 
destroying these."

"Okay, okay. What do we have to do for you to destroy 
them?" asked a more desperate Daniella.

"Well, let me put it this way. Call it revenge, call it 
what you will, but you humiliated me in front of those 
boys yesterday Miss Edgington, and I hate you for that. 
You are clearly dating the sexiest hunk in the school 
and I hate you for that also." Simon blushed at those 
words. "Furthermore, I have proof that you are lovers, 
and pretty shocking proof too eh? So there is no way I 
am gonna destroy these, but I might not plaster them 
around the school. That depends..." Sally-Anne teased, 
waving the pictures once again over her head. 

"You manipulative little bitch Fletcher, you deserved 
that spanking good and proper. In fact I shouldn't tell 
you this, but I didn't want those boys seeing too much 
of you either, that is why I left your knickers on and 
only exposed the top of your buttocks," Daniella said 
trying to defend her actions. "Come on, what have we got 
to do to stop you posting the pictures?"

"Okay listen up," Sally-Anne ordered, and both teachers 
looked up at Sally-Anne, aware of their predicament. "I 
want you to carry on your little erotic show in front of 
me - the full monty - and allow me to continue taking 
pictures, posing on my command. I will expect you to do 
whatever I say until I am satisfied that I have enough 
evidence to finish you at this school. Then I will leave 
and you can do whatever you want. If you comply, I will 
only show these pictures to my trusted friends," Sally-
Anne explained. She paused and waited for a response, 
which was a long time coming.

"My god! But you are only fourteen Sally-Anne. Supposing 
someone else comes in? God! We would be arrested!!" 
Simon was getting very flustered, well aware of the 
severity of his situation; besides, he didn't want to be 
naked in front of this pretty young girl. However, the 
thought of it maintained his erection, clearly bulging 
out of his under shorts in front of Sally-Anne's view. 

"Well sir, you know what the consequences will be - it 
is a risk we will all have to take. I think you are 
turned on by the prospect of performing in front of a 
girl anyway. I can see that you have a hard on. I can't 
wait to see it!" teased the girl. "I want you both to 
stand up, facing each other, then embrace."   

Slowly, both teachers got up from the storeroom floor 
and faced each other. Simon advanced on his partner and 
they embraced tightly, attempting to hide their bodies 
as much as possible from the inquisitive girl. 

"It will be okay," Simon whispered to Daniella. She 
responded by commencing a firm French kiss of defiance 
with her, up to now, secret lover. 

"That's good Miss Edgington, show him how much you like 
him," teased the girl, the tingle returning to her 
girlish sex. Once again, she had a sly rub, marvelling 
at her new found power. "Let your hands roam all over 
his back and bottom," she ordered. Daniella complied, as 
her fingertips danced all over his firm buttocks and up 
his spine to the back of his head.

Simon responded by gripping both of Daniella's buttocks 
and firmly massaged them with his palms. As she moaned 
quietly at his touches, Simon gently ran his fingernails 
up her spine and across her shoulders, making her 
wriggle. Sally-Anne giggled at the show being performed 
in front of her, she was desperate to see more. 

"Okay, Miss Edgington, I want to see what you've got a 
little closer. Turn around and sit back down on the 
floor - with your legs open," she ordered. Daniella 
complied and sat back down, her legs open. Both Simon 
and Sally-Anne could see her shaven and damp sex 
clearly. The girl clambered down from the gym horse and 
stood about 4 feet away from the teacher's sex. 

"What are you doing?" asked Daniella. Her question was 
answered silently as the girl held the camera up to her 
eyes and lined up a clever shot of the bald sex, two 
glorious breasts and the teachers face just above it. 
There was the click and the flash, and the damage was 
done. Sally-Anne turned to Simon. 

"Hmmmmm, I want to see what that bulge is sir," the girl 
teased. Simon began to blush. 

"No please. You can't do this. You are just a girl, I 
can't possibly..." Sally-Anne took the initiative and 
without listening to his pleas, dashed over and yanked 
his white under shorts down to his ankles. Both Simon 
and Sally-Anne took sharp intakes of breath.

"Well, well! I like that sir," Sally-Anne smiled as she 
eyed up the teacher's penis. It was sticking out from 
his body by what Sally-Anne thought was a mile! It 
glistened at the tip with arousal and was, in her 
limited experience, a real beauty. She let out a little 
girlish giggle - the sight of a penis was still an 
unusual and funny thrill, belying her normally apparent 
maturity. Smugly, she stooped down to admire his hanging 
testicles, all this in slow motion for the stricken 
teacher.

Having admired his hanging balls for a good thirty 
seconds, Sally-Anne once again raised the camera to her 
eyes and took a picture of the genitals before her eyes. 
Brimming with confidence, she ordered Simon to strike a 
pose where he held his hands on his head looking 
forlorn. The girl found this pose sexy and empowering as 
she fired off another couple of pictures - she would 
have a good masturbation session later she decided. 

Turning to Daniella, the girl continued to bark her 
orders,

"Suck him off Miss. I want to see you take him in your 
mouth." Daniella raised her eyebrows at this order, she 
was sure that the girl would only make them strip and 
maybe carry out a little light fondling. "Come on!" she 
said urging the teachers together.

Daniella got up from the floor and moved to between the 
legs of Simon. She knelt in front of the male sex, 
sticking out like the lever on a car jack. 

"You keep your hands on your head... 'Simon,'" the girl 
teased. "I think you like this." The girl was right, 
Simon had never been so aroused at the prospect of his 
lover sucking on his cock and this girl looking on. This 
brought sex education into a new light. 

Daniella moved in and flicked her tongue to the tip of 
Simon's cock, tickling the integumentary prepuce. Simon 
moaned and wiggled his hips at the tickling tongue 
running all around his tip. Sally-Anne looked on in 
amazement, as Daniella seemed to worship his penis. She 
worked a hand into her pants and rubbed at her clitoris 
once again. This was the first 'man size' cock that she 
had seen. She fondly remembered the childish fumblings 
with her next-door neighbour when she was younger, and 
also brief glimpses of her more recent boyfriend's 
willies when they had managed to steal time together. 
However, they had all been in the throws of puberty - 
this one was fully-grown!

As Sally-Anne continued to tickle her sex with her 
delicate fingers, Daniella engulfed Simon's cock with 
her lips. She gripped his testicles with her left hand, 
gently massaging the leathery bag as her mouth bobbed 
back and forth along his shaft. Both teachers seemed to 
forget that they had a young voyeur and the display of 
oral satisfaction continued. Occasionally Simon would 
open his eyes and see the grinning girl rubbing her sex 
under her skirt, but would quickly close them again, 
trying to blot out the sordid scene. If he could be 
arrested for his thoughts, he surely would have been!

"Use your other hand to play with your pussy, Miss 
Edgington," Sally-Anne instructed her teacher. "You 
should get to feel good too." Quickly, Daniella moved 
her right hand to her damp sex and began to rub her 
fingers first around her clitoris and then along her 
shiny slit. Sally-Anne observed this act of self-arousal 
and copied her teacher's actions. 

Sally-Anne stood back from the two teachers and took 
several pictures of this amazing scene. She had seen so 
much today and had learnt many new things to practice on 
her own lovers. The most fascinating of which was 
dominance. She still hungered for revenge on those 
sniggering boys that had witnessed her spanking, but she 
was prepared to be patient for that. She had more 
pressing ideas at the front of her young mind. 

"Okay, that's enough for the minute. I want you Miss 
Edgington to stay in the floor, but on all fours, and 
you Simon... well I want you to stick your thing into 
her." The two teachers sighed in unison and wilted 
dejectedly. "Or else..." the girl added. 

With that, Simon moved behind Daniella's rear end and 
observed her wonderful bottom and below it, her 
glistening sex. He looked at Sally-Anne for mercy, but 
she nodded her head at him and ushered him to penetrate 
his lover. He slowly nestled in between her buttocks and 
gently slid his cock into Daniella's waiting pussy. She 
was seemingly just as aroused as Simon was, and he had 
no trouble sliding right in at the first attempt. 
Daniella moaned slightly as her lover's cock invaded her 
intimate channel. 

Sally-Anne's eyes opened wide at the sight of witnessing 
two of her teachers engaged in full-blown sexual 
intercourse. 

"Do it!" Sally-Anne ordered. Slowly, Simon began to move 
his manhood back and forth in and out of the warmth of 
Daniella's pussy. It felt good to him, the heat and 
dampness just as arousing as her hot mouth had been 
previously. Again, he was lost in his feelings of 
pleasure and ignored the girl still fingering her own 
sex.

Daniella was also feeling the pleasure as the firm penis 
of her lover moved slowly in and out of her. She was 
pushing back against his cock with the same rhythm as 
his motions. Sally-Anne was enjoying this immensely and 
soon felt an advancing orgasm in her clitoris. 

"Mmmmmmhhhhh," the girl moaned as she claimed her 
orgasm. She thrust her middle finger into her opening 
and tightly closed her legs together to heighten her 
feelings. Sally-Anne closed her eyes and let the 
tickling orgasm run its course through her entire body 
and out from her toes. 

Removing her hand from her sodden panties, Sally-Anne 
wiped her hand on Mr Samuel's t-shirt and refocused on 
the teachers before her. The girl took one more picture 
of the couple having sex, now more than enough for her 
plan. Without further thought and without a climax for 
either teacher, Sally-Anne brought the show to an end,

"Right, that's enough. Come on, stand up. Here's the 
deal." The two teachers prised themselves apart and 
stood up, both standing naked and facing the young 
teenager, blushing guiltily. The girl waved a full hand 
of Polaroid pictures at the two teachers. "I have here a 
number of photos of pure filth! Teacher lust in fact. I 
could ruin your careers with one misplaced picture in 
Mrs Gasser's mail on Monday. However, I am a 
compassionate and understanding girl... " Sally-Anne was 
teasing Simon and Daniella and Simon was the first to 
speak,

"Come on Sally-Anne! Please tell us what you are going 
to do with those pictures?" Sally-Anne thought quickly, 
aware that she had reached her goal to expose the two 
lovers. She had not thought about prolonging their 
embarrassment further than today. 

"Right. Errrm, I will keep the photographs to myself and 
a select number of my trusted friends if you make 
yourself come, now!" Sally-Anne said, pointing at 
Simon's penis - still erect. Simon closed his eyes at 
the thought of this girl seeing his cock releasing its 
secret seed before her eyes. Sally-Anne was only too 
aware that a penis could shoot sperm, but had never seen 
it happen. But she wanted to see now. 

"Please, Sally-Anne, don't make me do this," Simon 
begged. Daniella turned to him and said,

"Just do it and get it over with. Maybe this will be an 
end to it. If you wimp out, she will finish us." Simon 
sighed with resignation to his fate, knowing that his 
humiliation would be worse than Daniella's. He took his 
still throbbing cock in his left hand and began to 
stroke himself up and down in front of his lover and his 
tormentor. 

Sally-Anne smiled smugly at Simon as he masturbated 
himself. She was becoming aroused again as the feeling 
of power over this man flooded her mind. If she could do 
it with a teacher, she could sure do it to those boys. 
In fact, any boy she wanted. The girl moved in for a 
closer look and noticed that his juice was leaking from 
the purple head of his cock, she knew that he must be 
close. 

Sally-Anne stood back as Simon's hips bucked wildly.

"Mmmmmmmhhhhh, here it comes," Simon announced and 
arched his back to release his orgasm. Sally-Anne 
covered her mouth to stifle a giggle as the first 
stringy jet of semen erupted from Simon's cock. In what 
appeared to be slow motion, the creamy goo flew a fair 
distance through the air and onto the floor at Sally-
Anne's feet. Several more jets of cum appeared but did 
not shoot as far, until the final glob just dripped out 
and onto the floor in front of Simon. 

"Wow!" the girl silently uttered, looking up and into 
Simon's blue eyes. There was mutual attraction in their 
stares and a lengthy silence before Sally-Anne allowed 
the two teachers to get dressed and leave. 

As Sally-Anne watched the two PE teachers leave 
hurriedly, she reviewed each picture in turn, each 
bringing about a tickling twinge between her legs. She 
bit her lip as a grin beamed across her young pretty 
face,

"If only I could get that on film."   


So you see, another dominant in the making. Stay tuned 
for more fun and games. Teacher Lust has come to and 
end, but I have so many more tales to tell of the sordid 
goings on at Weltby School. Sally-Anne is not nearly 
finished yet. In fact, her friends and others are only 
just getting started.

TTFN.


