
Emma's Farm - 12 (Ff, inc, ws, scat, splosh)

Please send me feedback at cravenravenerotica@gmail.com - I'd love to hear from you!

Disclaimer:  This is a work of fiction.

Linda and Emma attempt to go about their chores, but they get distracted.

---------------------------
  Linda watched her daughter walk across the yard, her long legs striding confidently forward, her pale white skin glistening in the late morning sun, still wet with her mother's piss.  Linda was so happy to finally have an outlet for her sexual desires.  Ever since she was about Emma's age, she had been incredibly horny.  That was, in fact, how she had come to be pregnant when she was so young.  She didn't want the same for Emma – but Emma had definitely taken after her mother and had a tremendous sexual appetite.  Linda was glad that out here on the farm she didn't have to worry about her baby getting pregnant, and that together they could find releases for their intense sexual urges.
	Linda was day dreaming about this as Emma came out of the kitchen coop, having just collected eggs and put them away.  She was now walking towards the dairy cows, and Linda admired her cute little ass as it disappeared into the barn.  Linda followed her in, and found that she had started milking already.  Linda watched as her little hands worked at the utter, sending squirt after squirt of warm milk into the bucket.  She licked her lips and commented that it was making her thirsty.  Emma playfully aimed one of the teats at her mother and squirted her, the milk splashing off her chest and running down the perfect shape of her torso.  Linda giggled and ran over to the next cow, waiting its turn.  For the next five minutes or so they had a milk fight, each sending fresh cow's milk spraying onto the other's naked body, the milk running down their smooth skin and finally collecting inside their black rubber boots, the only clothing either of them was wearing.  The cows were not as amused as they were and vocalized their concerns.  Laughing, they finally stopped.  They emptied what milk they had actually collected into the collection tank and Linda smacked Emma on her petite ass as they left the barn.
	“How're you doing sweetie?”  Linda asked as they paused outside in the warm summer sun.
	“I'm really horny.” Emma confided, feeling more comfortable now admitting such a thing around her mother since their talk.  Emma felt better knowing that she was not alone in this unnatural arousal, and she felt even better being able to get off whenever she needed to!
	“Me too!” Linda confessed to her young daughter.  “I didn't want this for you, but truthfully I'm glad to have someone to share it with – to understand . . . makes me feel like less of a freak.”
	“I understand.  I was worried that living out here in the country I wouldn't have my girlfriends to talk to.  I'm so happy to find out that I am not alone.  I thought I was the only one who was this horny all the time . . . I feel so relieved to know that I don't have to go through this alone.”
	“I wish I had had someone to help me through it.  But now, I can help you and you can help me!”  Emma smiled at her mother warmly and Linda's heart ached she loved her so much.  Emma was perfect in her eyes, she couldn't imagine loving anyone or anything more than she loved her daughter.  “So get that little ass of yours over here!”
	“Just a second, I need to run to the little girl's room.”
	“Didn't we learn that that isn't necessary this morning?”  Emma blushed.
	“I need to go number two.” The girl said timidly.  Linda smiled at her blushing little girl.  She had seen the video, and knew her daughter wasn't opposed to a little fun with her bowels.
	“Just come here.”
	“Ummm . . . okay . . .”  Emma approached her mother timidly.  The fact that her mother hadn't let her go to the bathroom turned her on more than anything – but it was too embarrassing.  She wasn't ready to admit that, her most disgusting desire.  Emma came to her mother who leaned in and kissed her on her pink lips as if to reassure her.
	“Here,” Linda said, moving Emma to the stump that was only a few feet away, “get on your knees and bend over this.”  Emma did what she was told, her body tense with anticipation.  Her mother laughed a little at how rigid she was.  “Come on, you have to open your legs a little . . . relax.”  Emma moved her knees apart until there was about a foot and a half between them.  She took a deep breath and pressed her small chest into the smooth surface of the tree stump, letting her arms hang down to the side.  Linda squatted behind her daughter, rubbing the small of her back with one hand.  “whenever you're ready sweetie.”
	Emma took another deep breath and pushed.   Her beautiful little ass hole opened and closed, as if it was gasping for breath.  Emma made a little grunt and pushed again, this time as her sphincter opened Linda saw a small brown spot in middle, like the pupil of an eye.  As Emma kept straining and pushing, Linda watched as a brown log began to emerge from her daughter's ass.  When it started to sag after it was sticking out of Emma's beautiful hole about three inches, Linda put her hands underneath to catch it when it broke off.  Four inches later and it landed in her cupped hands.  Linda's pussy was dripping wet now, she was barely able to keep her hands off of the young flesh of her daughter as she watched her strain and shit in front of her.
	Shitting while in such an exposed position, with her mother right behind her, was also turning Emma on quite a bit.  Her own pussy was extremely wet – she was going to cum without touching herself – the situation was that intense.  She pushed again and a fast stream of soft poo filled her mother's waiting hands, covering the turd already there.  As the last of her poo left her bowels, Emma shook in orgasm.  Linda enjoyed watching her muscles spasm as Emma moaned loudly.  Linda leaned in and put her mouth over her daughter's hairless pussy.  She shoved her tongue inside the young hole and was immediately rewarded with the sweet taste of Emma's cum.  She lapped it up greedily, eating the sweet juice directly from the source.
	Linda slammed her handful of poo onto her daughter's lower back.  Her hand landed with a loud splat.  Her hands worked themselves over the small of her back and down to her buttocks, which were soon covered in shit as Linda massaged the poo into them.  She made sure to not miss an inch.  She spread the brown mess into every crevice, coating the girl's already brown sphincter, even pushing a little of the poo back inside from whence it came.
	Linda thrust her tongue into the girl's small pussy a few more times (getting poo on her nose and forehead in the process).  She then continued her work and her hands worked over Emma's sweet cunt, covering it in a glistening brown sheen.  Linda's hands than moved on to her baby's thighs as she moved her tongue back to her daughter's clit.  Emma's shit tasted sweeter than Linda would have imagined, but maybe it was just the ecstasy that made it taste so good.  Her tongue flicked over the young girl's clit while her entire mouth covered the little hole, sucking it clean.
	Emma moaned loudly as her mother ate her out.  Her body, from the small of her back, down to her knees, was now completely smeared in her shit.  She was self conscious about this for only half a second, her embarrassment disappearing as the waves of orgasm washed over her and she came into her mother's mouth.  After she had lapped it all up, Linda broke her mouth away from her daughter's hot cunt and took deep breaths.  She had started masturbating with one of her shit covered hands and was near orgasm herself.  She fell backwards a little and continued stroking her clit while staring at her daughter's beautiful hind quarters.  
	Just then Emma's small labia parted and a powerful stream of piss erupted from her pussy, hitting Linda on the chest.  As the warm water stimulated Linda's already erect nipples, she closed her hands and enjoyed the feeling of it washing over her.  She called out loudly as Emma's stream subsided and she came.  Her glistening chest rose and fell as she gasped for breath after the intense orgasm.  
	Emma struggled but managed to stand up.  Her legs were a wee bit weak after having been violated by her mother's probing tongue.  She turned around and saw her mother, legs spread, leaning against a medium sized rock.  She shone in the sunlight, Emma's yellow urine giving her body an oiled appearance.  Her face was smeared with brown, a result of rubbing Emma's shit all over her pussy and ass, and then burying her face in the mess.  After a few moments rest, Linda finally spoke.
	“Well,” she said, “that should last me a little while.”
	“Should we go get cleaned up?” asked Emma.
	“Nah, we'll just end up getting dirty again.” Linda reasoned.  “Besides, the thought of you walking around for the rest of the day covered in your own shit is turning me on again.”
	“Okay!”  Emma agreed quickly.  She had never felt so free in her life.  She was in the miraculous position of being able to fulfill every desire, no matter how sick, how depraved.  If her body ached for relief, she would get off.  As simple as that.  No shame, no embarrassment, no hiding from her mother.  The last two days had been a dream come true.
	Emma started off in the direction of the stables.  Linda watched her go, enjoying the sight of her pale white skin of her back and shoulders combined with the dark brown of her round little ass and thighs.  The sun was just beginning to set, and it made her absolutely glow as she walked – as she disappeared into silhouette Linda sighed heavily.  She hoped she was doing the right thing by indulging her daughter in her need to get off.  But she remembered when she was that age, going through the same extreme horniness and having no one to confide in.  She had felt alone, utterly alone, and for a while she hated herself for what she felt.  It had taken her years to come to terms with her sexuality.  Hopefully Emma would not have to suffer the same feeling.  
	Linda licked her lips, cleaning her daughter's cum off of her chin.  She stretched her arms out and pushed herself up into a standing position.  She looked at her shit covered hands, shrugged her shoulders, and did her best to wipe them off onto her large, firm breasts.  For the first time since the divorce, she was truly and completely content.  She smiled to herself and set off in the direction that Emma had wandered.