Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Forty-Nine: The Halfling's Naughty Report
Summary: MF FF FFF Fsolo MFF inc oral creampie anal rim preg voy exhib monster fantasy magic
Keywords: Kurtis and his harem return to the Treasure Box where the halfling captain is wet and eager to report!
Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Kurtis  Drakin Castle, the Haunted Forest

I blinked in surprise at Oberoy's desire to come with us. It was a startling request from him.

I'm sorry, Mother, but I believe I can help Kurtis on his journey, the young man said. Despite the terrible treatment that he had endured at Throwia's hands, the fairy-prince stood tall. He had scars on his body and looked so frail. 

A dry twig that would snap.

No, Queen Tinia said, shaking her head. You are not going. I just got you back. She cupped his face. You need time to recover from the tender care of Throwia's company.

I am as strong as I will be, Mother, he told her, pulling her hands gently from his face. This is something I must do.

Why? Tears brimmed in her eyes. I agreed. This made no sense to me, but I didn't want to interfere. This was between my half-sister and her son. Why do you have to go?

Because our clan of faeries owes a great debt to Kurtis, Oberoy insisted. He and his siblingsyour half-sisters, Motherstood up against our jailers. They freed us from Throwia. Because of Kurtis's bargain with Throwia, I'm free of her... ministrations.

His wings flickered at that. His anger echoed through the room.

One of us should join with him and help him find the Cradle of life to free our shared father, Mother. He stroked her cheeks now. It's right.
But why you? demanded Queen Tini
a. Plumdrop or Oakheart can go.

Because I am the strongest of your children, Mother, said Oberoy. The one most able to fight no matter how weary I am from my stay in Throwia's cells.

No, she said, shaking her head. You're too weak.

Oberoy turned to me, his eyes pleading. Please, Kurtis, please. We are brothers. Both sons of Las. Let me come with you. The fates of our families are intertwined.

I swallowed, not sure what to say.

You have liberated us, and we owe you. As the firstborn of Queen Tinia's clan, it falls to me to do this. I am her prince. This is my responsibility. My mother is blinded by her emotions.

By love and worry! Queen Tinia said.

I don't know, I said, my heart thundering. Did we need him?

You have an incubus and succubus with you, Oberoy said. My magic and theirs can be a potent combination. Even when you dream, you will be able to satiate your lusts whom you want with our powers.

My cock throbbed. Even when I slept... That was a powerful idea. It burned through me. I was too much Las's son not to crave that. I licked my lips, trying to find a reason to counter it, but that last one was too convincing.

Okay, I said. You can come.

Thank you, brother, Oberoy said.

What? Queen Tinia fluttered to me. You can't take my son with you!

I took her by the arms and pulled her to me. You're my wife now, Tinia. He's my step-son now as well as my half-brother and nephew. Trust me. I look after my family. You're part of my family. I won't let any harm come to him.

You're going up against Throwia, she said, her eyes flicking to Beliala. You do not fulfill your words to her, and the consequences will be dire.

To all of us, Oberoy said. Whether I go with Kurtis or not. You have taken him as your husband, sworn to him, and he has made up his decision, Mother.

We will protect your son, said Lasla. She threw her arm around our half-brother. Mmm, trust us. We take good care of Las's sons. Don't we, Mother Azuliana.

Yes, we do, purred my dragon-mother, her manacles rattling.

I will protect him like I protect Kurtis, said Pyrriah. Her hair flickered with fire.

Queen Tinia stared at me and sighed. I am your queen now, my brother-husband. If this is your will, but... My son better be returned to me. I don't believe in divorce, but I won't suffer you for a husband if you get him hurt. Her eyes burned with passion. Am I clear?

I grinned at her. Very.

I kissed my fairy-queen. She moaned into the lips for a moment, unable to resist the lust I exuded. Her tongue slipped into my mouth. I savored the incestuous thrill of making out with my sister. It always was a heady thrill.

I broke the kiss and glanced to Oberoy. Then at Beliala. We have to walk back to our ship. It's several days away on foot at the mouth of the Kemoh River. You can stay here for a few more days then fly to join us, Oberoy. Beliala, you'll escort him and keep him safe, right?

Yes, Lord Kurtis, Beliala gasped and cringed before me. She bowed her head, a broken woman.

Excellent, I said. I glanced at my fairy-wife. A few days to nurse him and care for him.

Thank you, husband, purred my queen. She bowed to me.

With that, I turned and marched out of Drakin Castle. Lasla and Pyrriah walked at my side with my dragon-mother behind me, her leash in my hand. Diane walked beside my mother, the moon maiden meek and quiet as she stepped with grace, clad only in her silvery hair. Then came the incubus and succubus. The two rakshasa's had the rear, their tiger heads out. Nephi and Stalker, the panthopus Lasla had tamed, led the way. 

For a time, the werewolves followed us before they broke off to guard the castle. The air distorted behind us at that point. In the trees, I spotted Plumdrop, Sweetdrop, and a few other of the faerie working their magic. They re-established the twisting glamour that made finding Drakin Castle even harder.

It would be a safe place for them. 

We marched through the trees on the way back to the Treasure Box. All in all, it was a profitable detour. The stakes had never been higher. The dangers never greater. Throwia... I wasn't thrilled to have her attention, but...

I had more pawns. An idea of what to do. A direction and goal. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Azuliana  The Vyman Plains

A few days later after the latest meeting with Throwia, my son led us out of the trees. I was glad to be out of the forest and see the blue sky overhead. Like a sea that hung above us, the scattering of clouds foam. The sun shone warm on me.

It burned with fire.

I closed my eyes, feeling that fire in me. I was a dragon, and these damned manacles kept me as a human. I could change my shape, but my wrists could never get any thicker. And if they got thinner, the manacles would shrink. That was how they worked.

It was so frustrating. 

The anger slowly mounted in me at Ziryihm. It had to be the deva who had told Antagony about us. How else would that hermaphrodite hunter have found us without a hermaphrodite demigoddess telling her where to find me. 

About my situation.

Ziryihm was a friend, but she had gone too far. I wasn't the deva's prisoner. I didn't have to remain on that island. I could leave it if I wanted to. I was the one taking the risk. It was none of her business. I was helping my family. 

My son and his sisters.

My Master and my Mistresses.

I was a sex slave. A devoted and submissive slut to my son and his sisters. Kurtis, Lasla, and Pyrriah controlled me. I loved Sianilimissed her greatlybut so long as Kurtis wanted me on this journey, that was where my place would be.

So how dare that bitch Ziryihm interfere in my life. If I ever found her, I would rip those damned wings from her. She would scream in agony for limiting me like this. If my children were injured because I couldn't transform into a dragon, then I would make that deva suffer for eternity.

I could feel that wrath in me. That anger I had kept away for so long. All dragons had it. We burned with fire, even a mutant like me. The water from my nixie mother wasn't enough to douse my flames. I blazed.

Just like we all did.

It was proper that we were all but extinct. If my children were harmed, I would show that deva-bitch why she was a fool for what she'd done. I yanked on the manacles. They rattled, the cuffs biting into my wrists.

Not even Cernere could get out of them. 

My teeth ground together as we marched across the plains. I stared up at the clouds that were denied me. I seethed. A bird flew overhead. A proud eagle that could soar where he wanted, but not me. I was stuck down here on the ground because of her.

My rage simmered hotter and hotter as the sun rose higher and higher in the skies. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis  Mouth of the Kemoh River

We saw the sea long before we reached it.

Every time we topped a hill, we could see the Nimborgoth on the horizon, closer each time. I was so glad to reach the ship. I had walked enough for a while. We had gone far. Gained much. I just hoped the Treasure Box was still anchored at the mouth of the river.

Captain Telesi wouldn't have abandoned us if she could help it. But we were also overdue. Out there longer than I had planned thanks to the detour to capture Diane. 

In the late afternoon, we topped another hill and saw it. The mouth of the Kemoh River. I smiled at the sight of the two-masted ship waiting out at sea. The Treasure Box. I sighed in relief as I marched down the hill.

Nephi and Stalker led the way, both walking on all fours. Pyrriah watched them with a speculative look in her eyes. I wondered what that would be. I touched her desires. It wasn't lust brimming in her. It was something else. Something... eager?

I had trouble reading emotions that weren't lust and desire.

I decided not to ask her. She would tell me when she was ready.

As we followed the river towards the mouth, rowboats launched from the Treasure Box. I smiled as they rowed out to us. By the time we reached the mouth of the river and stood on the sands, the two boats reached us. One was rowed by Tarthan, the bosun on the ship. He had dark-brown skin and a thick mustache. His son, Foran, rowed the other boat.

My Lord, said Tarthan as he jumped off the ship. I had bred his wife and daughter, but thanks to my manipulation of Tarthan, he accepted that.

Was turned on by that.

It is good to see you, he said. We were starting to worry.

Had to make a side-trip farther south, I said, thumbing over my shoulder to Diane.

My, my, is she a... Tarthan swallowed as he stared at Diane and her shimmering hair draped over her body.

Moon maiden, I said. And an incubus, a succubus, a panthopus, and we'll be joined by a fairy and a devil this evening. I hoped.

A panthopus? asked Foran. What's that.

He's my good boy, cooed Lasla as she petted the monstrous cat as he crouched in tall grass, hiding. His tentacles waved back and forth as she stroked him. He's just such a good boy. Aren't you? Yes, you are!

She leaned down and kissed him on the mouth. The panthopus licked her face.

Vedr's queefs, Tarthan breathed. That beast... He's tamed.

By my sister's pussy, I said. How are Tharaka and Solja?

Restless, said Tarthan. They've been sparring with Korvan and his men.

Those were slave-soldiers that belonged to Princess Lavhi, my other rakshasa-princess. I left her behind. She was a pleasure-addict. She just wanted to feel delight. She was broken by our contest, sadly, and mostly useless for anything but a good fuck.

And Princess Lavhi? I asked.

Oh, me and the other men keep her filled with cum, my Lord, said Tarthan. And when we can't, she has her vibrating dildo.

Good, good, I said. Well, let's get back to the ship. We'll sail as soon as our last two members show up.

We climbed into the two rowboats and were taken out into the sea. The surface was calm and in no time we were reaching the ship. I thought poor Stalker would have to be carried up. But he jumped and clawed up the side of the ship and over it in a flesh, bringing some shouts from above.

Don't! Lasla cried as I climbed up cargo netting as fast as I could, which was hard. Don't hurt him! He's a good boy!

I reached the top and climbed over the railing to find Solja hurrying over, the troll's massive, woody body ready to fight. I threw myself between them and waved my arms. Solja stared at me in shock.

It's a monster, he growled. 

No, it's my sister's pet, I said. He won't hurt anyone.

Solja stared at me for a long time. Are we finally going to Shizhuth, or will you continue to waste my time with your pointless excursions to satiate your depraved lusts.

Next stop, Shizhuth, I told him and smiled. We'll sail as soon as our last two members arrive. They should be here soon.

Solja grunted. We better. My patience is running thin.

Brother, Tharaka said and pulled him away. 

I let out a breath and turned back to Stalker. But he was already racing to the railing. His tentacles shot over the side. He pulled Lasla up. My sister giggled in delight as she was held in her pet monster's tentacles, her lusts spiking through him.

Finally back and with such interesting companions, said Captain Telesi. She sauntered up at me, the halfling's bronze face gleaming in the reddish hue of the setting sun. How many new friends did you pick up.

A few, I said, the other halfling women on the ship appearing. As did the two human women, Tarthan's wife Bethie and their daughter Overia. Sorry to make you wait so long without my cock. We can change that, if you'd like?

Ah, Lord Kurtis, you know what a halfling maiden wants, said the motherly captain. Just the way to her heart.

Is through her pussy with my big dick? I asked her, a big grin on her face.

Mmm, most definitely. That's how my husband did it. She winked at me. And you're even bigger. She looked around and pointed to the crate. You sit there, and I'll go for a ride. Get you caught up on events.

Besides the troll being impatient to get to Shizhuth? I asked. Solja was starting to worry me. He was out for revenge, which I got. But he also would be arriving with me. His actions could cause me problems.

Besides that, she said.

I opened my robes and let them drop off my body, comfortable being naked. I had lived on a tropical island in next to nothing all my life. Plus, I was Las's son. I knew that every woman on this boat wanted me. I could feel their desires pulsing through them. 

Malial and Nelli, the other sister-wives to Telesi, plus their various daughters. Kelesi, Delli, Alli, and Shalial. 

I sat down on the box, my cock throbbing before me. I grinned as I leaned back against the railing. The ship bobbed in the water, rolling slightly with the waves. Telesi walked to me with a natural gait. She wasn't perturbed at all as she pulled off her top then wiggled out of her pantaloons.

Her bronze body came into view. She was half my height but perfectly proportioned with large, soft breasts that swayed from side to side. Her red hair, spilled around her shoulders, had a metallic hue to it as did her thick bush hiding her juicy pussy.

She grinned at me as she mounted me. She grabbed my big dick in her hands and lowered her cunt to my cock. My tip nuzzled through her thick pubic hair to find the folds of her cunt. Her pussy lips spread over my dick. She groaned as she sank down it. 

Vedr's queef! she moaned as she sank down my cock. Yes!

Her face twisted with pleasure as she devoured more and more of me with that hot pussy of hers. I loved the feeling of her cunt devouring my dick. She swallowed so much of my cock. She took more and more of me until she had sunk all the way down my dick.

I groaned in delight, savoring her pussy around me. The Captain of the Treasure Box moaned in wanton delight, her back arching and large tits swaying. She rubbed her hands over my strong chest, her twat squeezing around me. She soaked me in her juices.

So, I groaned, savoring this hot pussy around my dick, what's been going on?

Not much, really, she said. Seen no other ships. I was worried pirates might use the river to get fresh water. She looked around, her cunt clenching down on my dick. Since no one comes here for trade. It's a good place for that.

Well, that's something, I said. I hadn't thought about pirates. They were out there. Captain Thyrna, tamed by the great orc hero Thrak, had been a pirate before meeting him. She had sailed the Nimborgoth. 

Really, just been some slight morning sickness thanks to you. The captain gave me a wicked grin. Bred most of the boat. I don't know what we'll do in a few months. Get some more crew, I suppose, to help out when my belly's sticking out to here.

She held her hands out before, brushing my stomach.

Make sure they're women, I said.

So we can be in the same situation again? she asked with a laugh. 

Yep, I said, winking at her. Won't that be hot?

You're such a man, she said. Just thinking about putting a babe in a woman's belly and not what she has to go through.

You must love it to have two already.

I do. She squeezed her pussy around my cock and slid up my dick. Oh, I do! Yes, yes, you bred me! A human! That should be impossible, but... Demigods!

She slammed her cunt down my dick. I groaned at the heat of her pussy engulfing my dick. That was a wondrous treat. Her hot pussy swallowed every inch of my cock. Just devoured it. Pleasure washed through me as her hot pussy soaked my shaft.

My nuts tightened as she slid back up me. I reveled in that hot cunt rising up my dick. It was an incredible rush. I growled out my pleasure as she reached the pinnacle. Then she slammed back down me. I groaned at that. 

Yes! I panted as her pussy gripped every inch of my dick. Oh, fuck, yes, that's good. That's really good. Gods damn, work that pussy, Captain Telesi!

Gladly! she moaned, her pussy massaging my dick. She had such a great cunt. Ooh, ooh, that big dick is stretching out my pussy!

That's the plan, I groaned as I grabbed her ass.

I held her rump and pumped her pussy up and down my dick. The halfling gasped, her metallic, red hair fluttered in the wind. Her boobs bounced and heaved as she squeezed her cunt around my cock. She massaged me with that wonderful, bred pussy.

The other women of the crew were nearby, stripping naked. They were all staring at me with such lust. Bessie hugged her daughter Overia from behind, rubbing her hands over the girl's belly and nibbling at her neck.

It was a hot sight to see. Just an amazing one. I loved the sight of the mother sliding her fingers down to rub at her daughter's shaved cunt. Overia didn't have any of her golden hair adorning her pussy. She kept herself bald.

Mother, she whimpered as two fingers vanished into her pussy. Yes, yes, Mother!

Mmm, wet and ready for Lord Kurtis, purred her mother as she thrust away.

I grinned, loving that so much. This was an incredible moment. My heart pounded in my chest as Captain Telesi worked her cunt up and down my dick. She rode me with such force. It was an incredible delight to have her doing that. I savored every moment of it. I loved this pleasure working up and down my dick.

She squeezed her cunt down on my cock. She massaged me with her hot cunt. She gripped me with that wondrous snatch. My hands held her ass, pumping her twat up and down my dick. I savored her hot flesh massaging me.

It was an incredible delight. Shalial dropped to her knees. The golden-haired halfling buried her face into her mother's pussy. Malial gasped in delight, her large breasts heaving, her golden hair fluttering in the cooling breeze.

You wonderful daughter! she moaned, gripping the back of Shalial's head.

Yes, yes, yes, feast on your mother's pussy, groaned Nelli. That's such a good girl, Shalial. Be like your sister and love your mother, too.

Delli and Alli, half-sisters to Shalial and Kelesi, both leaned over and latched onto their mother's nipples. They suckled on Nelli's tits. I loved the sight, the halfling woman trembling with the pleasure of those girls loving her nipples.

It made my cock throb in Telesi's pussy to see the lesbian incest going on. Only Kelesi was left out. She fingered her halfling pussy as she watched her mother working that hot cunt up and down my dick. I shuddered, savoring the pressure growing at the tip of my dick.

That wonderful need to cum grew and grew with my every heartbeat. I loved it. I smiled, a big grin growing on my lips as I savored this passion. It was an incredible delight. I loved every second of that hot pussy working up and down my cock. Just massaging me. Loving me. Giving me such ecstasy that swelled the pressure in my nuts.

I gripped Telesi's ass groaning, Las's big dick, you're going to make me cum!

Yes, I am! she moaned, her pussy clenching about my dick. Gods damn, I love this cock! Lord Kurtis! I'm going to cum on your dick!

Cum on his dick, Mother! Kelesi moaned as she fingered her cunt. That will be an amazing delight! Oh, yes, yes, Mother!

I squeezed Telesi's rump and pumped the light halfling up and down my cock with ease. She gripped me with her hot pussy, her orgasm swelling in her. She moaned out her pleasure. She whimpered and groaned as she slammed her twat down my dick. Then she gasped out in rapture.

Her pussy went wild around my cock.

Gods, yes! she moaned.

Her hot cunt rippled around my dick. She suckled at me with hunger. She nursed with that hot pussy. The halfling threw back her head, her metallic-red hair dancing behind her. Kelesi watched, her fingers pumping in and out of her cunt.

Las's big dick, I groaned as that hot pussy writhed around my cock. Just suckling at me. It was an incredible pleasure to fill. I groaned, loving every moment of it. Yes!

I exploded.

 My cum pumped into Captain Telesi's writhing snatch. Her hot pussy juices soaked my balls as I drenched her cunt in my cum. I soaked her pregnant pussy with my seed. Stars burst across my vision as I flooded her twat with everything that I had.

Yes, yes, yes, Mother, Overia moaned, trembling as the pleasure rushed through me. It was an incredible delight to pump her asshole full of jizz. I savored every second of it. Oh, Mother, that's so good! 

Just cum, my darling daughter, Bessie moaned. Lord Kurtis is back to fuck us!

He is! moaned Malial as she shuddered on her daughter's mouth. The golden-haired halfling shuddered and bucked, grinding her snatch on Shalial's hungry mouth.

All those passions swirled around me as I pumped my cum into Captain Telesi's pussy. Her hot cunt rippled around me as the pleasure shot through me. It crashed into my brain. Ecstasy burned through my thoughts.

As I shuddered through my orgasm, I felt Kelesi's hunger growing and growing. That naughty halfling wanted to eat her mother's pregnant pussy more than ever. She craved to lick all my cum out of her mother's hot snatch.

Gods damn, yes! I growled as I pumped more and more of my jizz into Telesi's pussy.

The halfling captain wrung me dry. I loved that. I savored that heat surging through me. It was an incredible delight. I sucked in deep breaths, my heart pounding in my chest as I fired the last blast of cum into her snatch.

Mother! whimpered Kelesi.

Your daughter needs to lick your pussy clean, I groaned.

Of course she does, said Telesi. She's my daughter, after all.

I grinned as the captain slid her hot pussy off my dick. She clamped a hand between her thighs as she crawled off me. Then she darted over to where Kelesi stood. The daughter dropped to her knees so she could devour the creampie I left in her mother.

Then Overia spun around and did the same. She buried her face into Bessie's pussy. The motherly human gasped, her brown tits jiggling. Her black hair fell wavy around her face. She gripped the back of her daughter's head and whimpered in delight.

I stared down at Overia's plump rump. She had such a gorgeous ass. My dick throbbed at the sight of that ass. It was one worth fucking. A great ass that I just wanted to ram my cock into. That would be an awesome thing to do.

My dick throbbing, I rose from the crate, took three steps, and dropped to my knees behind Overia. Her mother stared down at me with lust burning in her eyes. She nodded her head as I pushed my cock into Overia's butt-crack.

Yes, yes, fuck my daughter in the ass, Lord Kurtis, moaned Bessie. She's a dirty, dirty slut.

Mmm, purred Overia, her butt-cheeks squeezing down on my pussy-lubed dick. I am.

I found her asshole and grinned. I thrust against the girl's anal ring. Her sphincter widened for me, inviting me in. She quivered in whorish delight, clearly eager to be penetrated by my big dick. That made this amazing. I loved this so much as I pressed into her anal sheath. I sank deeper and deeper into her flesh until every inch of my dick was buried in her bowels.

She moaned into her mother's pussy. She licked and lapped at Bessie's pregnant twat as I gripped Overia's hips. I held tight to them as I drew back. Her bowels clung to my dick. She held me tight, massaging my cock with that hot asshole. 

I reveled in that delight as I slammed my cock back into her bowels. I buried to the hilt in her anal sheath loving this hot asshole gripping me. I groaned at how great that felt. I thrust back into her bowels, burying to the hilt in her asshole.

Lord Kurtis, moaned the girl into her mother's pussy.

Yes, yes, ass-fuck my naughty daughter, Bessie moaned, her big boobs jiggling. She squeezed one, smiling at me. She's moaning into my cunt. I love it!

Yes, you do, I said, feeling the delight she took in her daughter's licking tongue sliding through her wet folds. Just love it. Such a naughty mother!

I'm what you modeled me into, Lord Kurtis! she moaned, her face twisting with pleasure. Mmm, Overia, just like that. Love your mommy's pussy. That's where you came from!

Yes, it is! the girl moaned.

She thrust her tongue into her mother's cunt. She swirled around in her pussy. I grinned, loving the sight. My heart beat with such passion as I shared Bessie's daughter with her. I fucked Overia's asshole hard and fast, burying deep and hard into her bowels.

She gripped me. Massaged me with that hot flesh. I loved every thrust. Every plunge into her bowels. She massaged me with that thick shaft. She gripped me with such force. It was an incredible delight to slam into her again and again.

She held my dick with that velvety asshole. I loved it. I fucked into her hard and fast. I plowed to the hilt in her bowels. She groaned, massaging me with her hot dick. It was an incredible delight to have her gripping me like that.

Las's big dick, I moaned, my dick plowing into her anal sheath deep and hard.

That's so good, moaned Overia into her mother's pussy. Oh, yes, yes, I love that so much. Ooh, ooh, that's good, Lord Kurtis! Keep fucking my asshole! I want to cum so hard!

Cum, whimpered Bessie, her face contorting with delight.

Oh, yes, yes, that's it, groaned Nelli, her two daughters sucking at her nipples. Finger mommy's pussy. Just like that. Ooh, my darling daughters are so wonderful.

Let mommy eat that asshole out, Shalial, Malial moaned. I want to lick that dirty hole.

Yes, Mommy! gasped Shalial as I slammed hard into Overia's asshole.

Oh, get all of Kurtis's cum out of my pussy, Kelesi, the captain moaned, her big boobs jiggling as her daughter feasted on all that cum. That's it. That's so good. You're going to make your mother cum! Just explode!

I loved all those women reveling around me as I fucked Overia hard in the asshole. The girl moaned into her mother's bred pussy. I loved it so much. My cock fucked into her anal sheath. I buried deep and hard into her bowels I fucked her with everything that I had, loving the way she squeezed her anal sheath around me.

My nuts swelled with the pressure as I slid my hands up and rubbed at her small breasts. Her nipples poked hard into my hands. I loved that feeling. It was a wonderful one. I thrust deep and hard into her bowels. I fucked her with such force as I grabbed her nubs.

I twisted her nipples.

She moaned into her mother's pussy.

I twerked those nubs as I ass-fucked her hard and fast. I buried into her asshole, loving the way she clamped down on me. She held me tight as she moaned into her mother's cunt. She licked and lapped at Bessie's bred snatch.

The mother groaned, her big, brown tits jiggling. She closed her eyes as she ground her cunt on her daughter's lips. Bessie humped against her daughter, shuddering with delight. It was clear she was rising towards a climax.

A big burst of pleasure. 

I loved that so much. I savored it as I pounded her bowels. I fucked Overia's asshole, tweaking both their orgasms so mother and daughter would come together. I loved that as I fucked into her bowels. I drilled deep and hard into her anal sheath.

Yes, yes, yes, she moaned into her mother's pussy. Lord Kurtis!

Fuck my slutty daughter's asshole so hard! the mother moaned. Oh, yes, yes, Lord Kurtis. That's so good.

It was more than good. It was amazing. 

They both swelled to their orgasms as I drilled into Overia's bowels. I fucked her with such force. I plowed to the hilt in her cunt with powerful strokes. She groaned, her head tossing from side to side. She gripped my cock with such power.

It was incredible to feel that tight asshole gripping me. She moaned into her mother's pussy. Bessie gasped as her daughter licked at her clit. The motherly woman threw back her head, her tits heaving. She cried out in passion.

So did her daughter.

They came together, Overia and Bessie both climaxed. The mother drowned her daughter in pussy cream as the daughter's bowels rippled around my cock. I shuddered, savoring that passion as I buried to the hilt in her bowels. I threw back my head and growled out my pleasure.

I erupted.

My cum fired over and over into her bowels. I pumped blast after blast of my jizz into her anal sheath. It was an incredible rush to have all that jizz spurting out of my dick. I shuddered, dizzy with this ecstasy. It was outstanding. 

I loved it. I pumped blast after blast of cum into her bowels. I shuddered, savoring the pleasure rushing out of my dick. It was outstanding. Stars burst before my eyes as I flooded her bowels with my cum.

Las's big dick!

Vedr's queef! gasped Telesi as she climaxed on Kelesi's mouth. You dirty daughter! Yes, yes!

Oh, Overia! Bessie moaned, her big boobs bouncing. Drink my cream!

Yes! I growled, flooding Overia's asshole with my jizz. Gods damn, yes!

The naughty girl's asshole writhed and spasmed around my dick. She suckled at me with such force. I groaned, the pleasure intense and amazing. I shuddered, feeling so dizzy from all the rapture that filled my body.

I fired a last blast of cum, so glad to be back on the Treasure Box. It was a thrill to be on my ship. I shuddered, pulling my dick out of Overia's asshole. I was about to get my dick sucked clean by one of the halflings when Tarthan cried out, pointing.

I turned to see Oberoy and Beliala flying towards the ship. I smiled at seeing them winging in at us. I glanced towards Captain Telesi and said, Let's get underway. I want to get out it the Nimborgoth. We still have a few hours of daylight.

Yes, Lord Kurtis, she panted, a big smile on her lips from her incestuous orgasm. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla

As the Treasure Box sailed from the mouth of the Kemoh River, I smiled and glanced at Beliala. The demon's wings fluttered as she stared at me. I then glanced at Stalker. My poor panthopus had a hardon. His big, monster-dick thrust out spiny from his sheath.

Slave Beliala, I said, staring at the demon. Once, she had scared me. Now she was at my mercy. On your knees now!

The demon glanced at me. She whimpered then obeyed. I smiled as she dropped to her knees and stared at me with such hunger in her eyes. She had red eyes. She licked her lips as she stared at my pussy dripping with juices.

You'll be fortunate enough to pleasure me, I told her, my heart pounding in my chest. But first... I nudged Stalker's lusts.

His tentacles writhed. Then the panthopus shot them out at the demon. She gasped as they slid over her body and squeezed her breasts. His appendages squeezed her heavy tits, the ends rubbing at her nipples as he licked his chops.

Mount! I commanded.

What? the demon gasped.

I gave her a hard look as my panthopus obeyed me. He mounted her and gripped her hips. Then he fucked into her pussy with a hard cock. She gasped as he speared into her with that ticklish mouth. I smiled at that, savoring my beast fucking away at her.

I turned around and thrust my pussy and asshole at the pair. The demon moaned as the panthopus fucked her hard and fast. He growled and buried his furred snout into my butt-crack. He licked at my asshole with hunger. Just lapped at my anal ring with his hot tongue.

I shuddered as he slid his tongue over my asshole again and again. He rimmed me, his whiskers tickling my butt-cheeks. I moaned as Beliala then lifted her head and nuzzled her mouth into my cunt. She licked at my pussy. She lapped at me with such hunger. 

Yes, I moaned as they both licked and lapped at my holes. You two are just so wonderful.

And you taste delicious, Mistress Lasla, Beliala moaned. She thrust her tongue into my pussy. 

I savored her working that tongue in and out of my cunt. She fucked me with it, her desires brimming with her need to satisfy me. To obey me and thus save herself from the harsh punishment of Throwia. It made her such a diligent slave.

I groaned as her tongue swirled around in my cunt. At the same time, the panthopus licked and lapped at my asshole. He bathed me with his hot tongue as he fucked her cunt. He pounded her hard. I could feel how much he loved her pussy.

Not as much as mine, but it still gave him such pleasure. And that made me happy.

I wanted my dog to receive all the pleasure that he could. I wanted him to just cum and cum as he fucked her. It sent this hot thrill through my body. I shuddered as he licked and lapped at me with all that he had. He teased me with such passion. It was incredible.

He lapped at me. Licked and caressed my asshole as she fluttered her tongue through my pussy folds. I gripped my thighs, shifting with the sway of the boat. I groaned, loving that wonderful tongue licking and lapping at me. The demon devoured me with such hunger. She flicked his tongue in and out of my cunt while the panthopus soaked my asshole.

Then the naughty monster thrust his tongue into my bowels.

Yes! I groaned as his rough tongue sank into my anal sheath. He swirled around in my bowels as I quivered there. Stalker!

He purred as he fucked the demon faster. Harder. He buried his dick into her pussy as he devoured my asshole. She moaned, too. Her tongue bathed my pussy lips. She stroked my labia and brushed my clit. Sparks flared from the contact.

I whimpered, my toes flexing. I groaned, loving how she licked and lapped at me with such hunger. She devoured me with such passion. I shuddered, my orgasm building and building in me. I quivered, loving that naughty tongue dancing around in my asshole. 

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned. Oh, you two... Yes, yes, just like that. Eat my pussy! My asshole!

Yes, Mistress Lasla, groaned Beliala. She thrust her tongue into my cunt.

I gasped as I enjoyed both their tongues in my holes. I quivered there, my face twisting in delight. I loved those sensations. They swelled my orgasm faster and faster. I shuddered, my face twisting with delight as I rose towards that wonderful orgasm. 

That naughty tongue licking at my pussy. That hot, rough tongue dancing through my asshole.

They both brought me closer and closer to cumming. Closer and closer to detonating.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned. Ooh, make me cum, Beliala. I want to drown you!

Yes, Mistress Lasla, she moaned and licked at my clit.

I shuddered as she lapped at my bud. Delight rippled from my naughty nub. I shuddered as she moaned, the panthopus fucking her so hard and fast. He buried over and over into her cunt, churning her up with his hard strokes.

I loved that so much. I savored him fucking her hard and fast. He buried to the hilt in her bowels. It was an incredible delight to have him fucking my bowels. Just awesome to feel him plowing into me again and again. 

Las's big dick! I moaned.

Throwia's stinging whip! groaned Beliala, her orgasm swelling in her as the spiny panthopus-cock fucked her hard and fast. 

That monstrous dick churned her up as she licked and lapped at my clit. I shuddered, my own orgasm swelling fast in me. This was such a rush. I loved this so much. I trembled, just so ready to have a big burst of pleasure.

To cum so hard from her tongue licking and lapping at me. She tongued my snatch with hunger. She lapped over my flesh and nibbled on my clit with that naughty mouth off hers. I trembled, so ready to just burst.

I wanted it so much I was so ready for it. I whimpered as she nibbled on my clit. The panthopus's tongue danced around in my asshole. All those delights swirled through me. They mixed and danced in me, bringing me to the edge of my orgasm.

That thick, rough tongue stimulated my asshole. Stalker fucked the demon hard as he ate out my asshole. It was an incredible rush. I whimpered, hurtling towards that moment of my climax. The two of them drove me wild.

Oh, yes, Beliala moaned as the panthopus buried his cock into her pussy. Beliala suckled hard on my clit as she squealed out in delight. She came on Stalker's monstrous cock.

I loved the feel of her orgasm rippling through her body. She nursed with passion on my clit as her climax consumed her. Stalker growled into my butt-crack. He ripped his muzzle from it and yowled with such passion.

He exploded.

His cum pumped into the demon's pussy. I shuddered, my pussy clenching. The passion of both their orgasms swept over me. I grinned and surrendered to my own. I shuddered as the pleasure burst through me. It was an incredible delight. 

Las's big dick! I cried as my pussy spasmed. 

Juices gushed out of my cunt and bathed the demon's mouth. She licked up my cream as I quivered through my ecstasy. I shuddered, my head tossing. My black hair danced around my face. It was an amazing rapture. I loved every moment of it. Every last second of this heat.

Gods, yes! I groaned, loving this passion. 

My mind drowned with the rapture. I quivered in delight, savoring this wondrous rapture. It was an incredible joy to experience this ecstasy. I shuddered, my mind drowning in rapture. Beliala licked at my cunt as her twat milked Stalker's dick dry.

Oh, yes, yes, that's so good, I moaned as I hit the peak of my pleasure.

I shuddered there then stumbled from them. I grabbed the railing of the ship and stared down at the dark-blue water. We were heading out into the ocean. The sun was setting. We would sail around the continent that the Haunted Forest and Naith lay, passing through the straits that separated this land from the larger continent to the north.

From Shizhuth.

We would sail around it and make for the port of Kyizziania. From there, we would journey to see the Empress in her shadowy city. Few outsiders were permitted beyond Kyizziania. The naga were jealous of their domain.

I shuddered, worried about what we would find. If this would even work out. Shizhuth was even more dangerous than Naith, and Mother Azuliana could no longer transform into a dragon. I swallowed, hoping my brother knew what he was doing.

We were pinned between the Empress of Shizhuth and Throwia. Two cruel and tyrannical women. Which one was more dangerous? Would we be able to do this? I hoped we would. I truly did, but it was so daunting. 

One misstep, and we were doomed. 

To be continued...
