THE BEZISTAN CHRONICLES
Chapter 4: Journey to the Airstrip

This is a story of erotic fiction meant for adult readers over
the age of eighteen years

Written by Jean-Christophe (Chris)
An archive of my stories can be found at
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Jean-Christophe_Stories

"The characters and ideas contained in this story are the
writer's and shouldn't be used without permission. Please respect
the integrity of the story and don't do rewrites, alterations or
add pictures."

Chapter 4: Journey to the Airstrip

Rashid's anger is palpable. The good humour with which he'd left
the dining room- thanks to the entertainment provided by the
African and Italian slaves - has now dissipated. His anger at his
two ponies manifests itself in him savagely applying his whip to
their backs and flanks. Shackled by their wrists to the shafts of
his carriage, the ponies are unable to avoid his cruel onslaught.
With each fresh cut of the whip they lurch forward in their
harness in a vain attempt to escape the lash.

Rashid's anger isn't only because they fouled the front steps of
his palace; as ponies they know this isn't allowed and they had
been trained not to do so. He always prides himself on being a
considerate driver in that, when he uses his ponies for any
extended period of time, he ensures they are adequately watered
and periodically given the opportunity to relieve themselves -
and they know this. They should have waited for just such an
opportunity.

No, his anger also lies in the fact that he must now punish them
and punish them severely.

It isn't in Rashid's nature to allow any insult or an assault on
his dignity to go unpunished. This applies equally to slave or
freeman. If a freeman offends Rashid, the very least retribution
he can expect is slow financial ruin over a period of time. At
worst, he can find himself spirited away into Rashid's vast herd
of slaves.

However, to be effective, the punishment of a slave has to be
immediate and harsh. And the severity of the punishment rests
exclusively with Rashid. In his mind the two ponies are deserving
of the direst of punishments. To that end, he decides they will
each receive twenty strokes of the whip at the end of the day
and, tomorrow, they'll be sent into the fields to permanently
work as draft slaves. There, they can urinate and defecate
unimpeded as the need presents itself.

The two ponies have served him well over the past two years and,
until today, he'd always taken great pleasure in driving them
around the estate. They possess a beautiful symmetry that Rashid
appreciates.

Perfectly matched, their magnificent bodies are delight to
behold. He watches as the powerful muscles in their shoulders and
backs flex and strain under the sheen of their sweat. He looks at
their strong thighs and legs powering along the driveway and he
takes delight in the way the muscular globes of their buttocks
undulate as they run. Almost lovingly, he applies the lash to
their asses. As usual, both respond by thrusting their harnessed
bodies forward.

Rashid's thoughts now turn to replacements for these two ponies.
Immediately, he thinks of two recently acquired Australians still
under training. He will need to enquire of his estate manager
whether or not they are ready for him to drive. Annoyed by this
unnecessary distraction to his routine, Rashid once more applies
his whip to the ponies, this time to their shoulders. At least,
he can drive them hard for the rest of the day.

Leaving his palace behind, Rashid now guides the ponies onto a
road leading to the airstrip that will take him through the
estate's extensive market gardens and orchards. These are a
source of great pride to Rashid and, whilst they are one of the
smaller enterprises in his family's vast, business empire, they
are his favourite.

This estate has been in the hands of his family for centuries and
is now much larger than the original, desolate holding taken up
by his first ancestors. Prior to that, his ancestors had been
simple, desert people who travelled into the African interior
raiding for black slaves for the lucrative, Middle Eastern
markets.

Later, as they prospered, they built the grim, stone fortress now
known as the Bezistan and extended their slaving activities to
acquiring white, Christian slaves from the corsairs who roamed
the Middle Sea seizing ships and raiding coastal, Christian
communities. These unfortunate victims were carried by corsair
galleys to a point on the coast nearest the al-Bahr stronghold
and then driven overland in slave coffles to the newly built
Bezistan.

Here, they were processed and trained into slavery before being
driven on to one of the many slave-markets supplied by the
al-Bahr clan. Over the years these white slaves were eagerly
sought out by the discerning buyer and as the demand for them
grew so did the al-Bahr wealth.

Over the centuries, countless thousands of white slaves had
trekked from the coast to the Bezistan and beyond to the
slave-markets. Their bare feet had worn paths through the desert
which are still visible today. The bones of those slaves who'd
not survived the tortuous treks still lie alongside those paths
bleached white by the merciless desert sun. Today, they serve as
ghostly reminders of the al-Bahr family's earlier, sinister
activities.

Rashid always regards this as the original source of the family's
wealth and for its current good fortune. For that reason, he
places great sentimental value on the Bezistan and he has chosen
it to be both his home and the headquarters for his business
enterprises.

Over the centuries the al-Bahr have diversified and expanded
their business interests and today they are among the richest and
most powerful families in the region. Rashid's father, Prince
Youssef has close ties to the country's ruler, whilst his older
brother, Prince Ali is being groomed to take over from his
father. Rashid, as the second son, is in charge of the family's
vast business empire which includes the Bezistan.

Anxious to be at the airstrip for the arrival of his new
shipment, Rashid urges his ponies into a faster pace. The thought
of these new slaves helps to brighten Rashid's disposition. There
is something exhilarating about looking over a shipment of newly
enslaved, young men. Their sense of utter disbelief and
bewilderment as they are unloaded from the cargo plane and into
the transporters waiting to deliver them to the Bezistan is
highly amusing.

As the cages containing them are carried out of the plane by his
slaves, the newcomers see, for the first time, the fate that now
awaits them. He wants to be on hand to witness both their arrival
and distress.

The thought of their disbelief and despair makes him chuckle!

The road takes him through irrigated, green fields and orchards
and as he looks around he is gratified to see that his slaves are
gainfully employed under the whips of his overseers. Depending on
the tasks they are assigned to, all the slaves are bent to their
labours of digging, hoeing, planting or harvesting the high-grade
fruits and vegetables that are so popular in the supermarkets of
Europe and Asia.

Yet more slaves are ploughing fields ready for future plantings.
These slaves, heavily yoked in pairs, strain as the pull their
single furrow ploughs through the resisting soil. To encourage
them in their labours each pair is assigned an enthusiastic
overseer armed with a cruel whip. The air is rent with the sounds
of cracking whips, cries of pain and the overseers' loud
exhortations to the slaves to `WORK HARDER'. Rashid is well
pleased with all this industriousness.

Travelling along the road with him, in both directions, are drays
drawn by teams of twenty, naked slaves. These slaves all wear
heavy leather harness and are yoked in pairs of five rows of four
abreast. The drays travelling in one direction are heavily laden
with the harvested produce of the fields and are heading for the
processing and packing sheds. The slaves hauling these drays are
obviously distressed. They strain under their yokes and thrust
into their harness to keep the fully laden drays moving forward.
Walking on either side of the team are two overseers, armed with
long whips. These whips are constantly moving over the sweating,
straining bodies of the team seeking out the back of any slave
deemed by the overseers not to be giving of his best effort.

As he drives past a team of straining slaves, Rashid is reminded
of the images from his schooldays of the Trek Boers of South
Africa who used similar whips to keep their ox teams moving.
Disdainfully, he sees no difference between the four-legged oxen
used by the Boers and the two legged, `white oxen' he employs at
the Bezistan.

By contrast, the drays moving in the opposite direction are empty
and are on their way back to the fields for another load. The
teams pulling these carts are enjoying the brief respite that an
empty load affords. However, as no time is wasted in returning
them for another load; they are urged to move at a faster pace
than a fully loaded dray.

As much as Rashid loves the surrounding desert landscapes, he is
always uplifted by the cool greenness of these fields. They are
made possible by the inexhaustible supply of water from the
aquifers buried deep beneath the harsh, desert sands. Rashid has
installed a series of pumps and waterwheels that continually
bring water to the surface and keep it flowing through the water
channels which criss-cross these fields. These pumps and
waterwheels are all powered by slaves and operate, ceaselessly,
for twenty-four hours a day all year round.

Suddenly, out of the heat haze, Rashid sees the bulky, stone
building that is the Bezistan. He knows within its grim walls
there is feverish activity in preparing the pens and equipment
for the induction of the new arrivals into their slavery.

And, of course, his trainers are still working on those slaves
scheduled for sale at the next auction. No doubt, his trainers
are honing the skills of these slaves who are destined to be sold
as pleasure slaves. The thought of the slaves being put through
their hoops by his trainers puts Rashid in good humour and causes
him to laugh out loud.

Rashid's thoughts now turn to this morning's conversation with
his beloved father, Prince Youssef. Finally, the old man has
realised it is time to ease back and allow his older son Prince
Ali to represent the al-Bahr family in the political affairs of
the capital.

Rashid welcomes his father's decision to return to the Bezistan.
Here Prince Youssef will be able to live a relaxed lifestyle more
in keeping with his age. Both Rashid and Ali have been concerned
for some time at their father's poor health. Grossly overweight,
it is almost impossible for the old man to walk any distance
without the assistance of his body slaves.

Rashid knows his father will want to involve himself in the many
activities of the Bezistan, particularly those that concern the
slaves. Youssef enjoys nothing more than travelling around the
fields looking for any dereliction of duty on the part of a
slave; such transgressions are always punished immediately and
harshly. Rashid suspects that life for the slaves is about to
become much harder with his beloved father's homecoming.

Rashid has decided to order a purpose built litter to enable his
father to travel around the estate in comfort as well as a
specially designed carriage. Rashid will need to discuss the
allocation of slaves to serve as his father's litter-bearers and
as ponies with Geoff, the estate manager. He knows Geoff will be
delighted to hear that Prince Youssef is to live permanently at
the Bezistan.

Both men have great love and respect for each other; many times
Prince Youssef has stated that Geoff - or Kareem - is his third
`son' and he has always insisted that Geoff share in the bounty
of the family's fortunes. There is also the impending visit of
his teenaged nephew, Achmed, his brother Ali's eldest son, due
home from his school in the UK for the long summer break. He will
need a young slave to serve him during his stay.

Perhaps the young, Greek slave he saw this morning and who is
awaiting his return is a suitable candidate. This is another
matter to be referred to Geoff.

Thinking of Geoff, Rashid realises it has been sometime since
they last shared a bed together. Unfortunately, the affairs of
both men cut into much of their spare time and from Rashid's
perspective this is unsatisfactory. It's true that within his
palace he has a wide choice of slaves to fuck. However, for
Rashid, the fucking of a slave isn't the same as sharing his
nights with Geoff.

Whilst time spent with a slave is most enjoyable, it is about him
satisfying his own considerable, sexual urges and exerting his
power over the submissive slave. With Geoff it is different. Each
has a mutual love and respect for the other and his time spent
with Geoff always has a soothing effect on him.

Lying in bed, with Geoff's strong arms wrapped around his body,
he feels secure and temporarily free of the many tensions of his
hectic lifestyle - he knows this sense of security goes back to
their school years when Geoff protected him from the school
bullies. He longs for the touch of Geoff's hard body pressed
against him and he wants to feel the hairs on Geoff's body
exciting his skin. But most of all, he wants to feel Geoff's hard
cock inside his own body.

The thought of Geoff waiting for him at the airstrip spurs him
on.

With an impatient slap of the reins against their shoulders and
the shouted command to "Hup, Hup" both ponies break into a faster
pace; Rashid further encourages them with a series of well-aimed
cuts of his whip.

Now, the only sounds to be heard in the still desert air are the
rattling of the wheels, the pounding of the ponies' feet on the
compacted roadway and their ragged gasps as they gulp air into
their tortured lungs. Rashid watches as individual beads of sweat
form on the ponies' shoulders and coalesce into little rivulets
to slowly trickle down the broad sweep of their backs before
being channelled into the valleys between their muscular
buttocks.

Suddenly, ahead of him, Rashid sees distorted shapes and figures
emerging from the shimmering heat haze. At last, he has reached
the airstrip with time to spare.

Pulling back on their reins, Rashid slows the ponies to a walk
and guides them to a spot alongside Geoff's trap. Immediately, a
slave races forward to take the reins from Rashid and tethers his
ponies beside Geoff's pony. Then hastening back, the slave falls
to his hands and knees alongside Rashid's carriage and offers his
back as a step down. Rashid steps out of his carriage and pauses
briefly on the slave's back as he sees Geoff walking towards him.
Stepping down he hurries towards his lover.

Both men warmly embrace and linger in each other's' arms. Rashid
clings closely to Geoff and breathes in the pleasant, warm,
masculine scent of his strong body. As he ruffles Geoff's
tousled, tow-coloured hair, he feels his cock harden and begin to
throb. Through their tight embrace he feels a reciprocal
hardening in Geoff's groin.

"I've missed you Kareem. My bed is cold without you." Rashid
whispers hoarsely.

"I've missed you too, Rashid." Geoff replies. "But what's this
about your bed being cold. What about your new body slaves,
aren't they are able to keep you warm?"

"They are delightful. But they're not the same as having you
spend the night with me. It's been too long since we last made
love."

"I know, Rashid, I know. But you have been away on business and
since your return I've been busy preparing for this new shipment
of slaves. Give me a couple of days to see the new slaves through
their processing and then I'll have plenty of time to be with
you. Perhaps we can even spend time with your new body slaves. I
haven't had a proper inspection of them as yet. Tell me, do they
live up to your expectations?"

"In every respect, yes they do. It will be fun to explore them
further with you. I look forward to this, but please Geoff, let
it soon?"

"It will be, Rashid. I promise. But tell me what's been
happening?"

Geoff listens patiently to all that Rashid has to tell him He
expresses his delight at the news that Prince Youssef is to take
up residence with them and comments that His Highness will, as is
his practice, involve himself in all aspects of life at the
Bezistan. He laughingly agrees with Rashid that life for the
slaves will, undoubtedly, become very much harder as `Prince
Youssef is a hard taskmaster.'

He offers to find the eight or ten slaves to serve as bearers for
the prince's new litter and to find suitable ponies. He listens
sympathetically to Rashid's diatribe against his ponies and, as
the punishment of slaves usually falls within his jurisdiction,
he assures Rashid that both ponies will be soundly whipped later
that day and then permanently assigned to a plough.

Mollified, Rashid now asks. "How are the new Australian ponies
coming along, Geoff? Are they ready for my use? Would they make
suitable replacements?"

"Yes, they're ready and will meet all your requirements. We've
had them in training for two months and now they are ready to
begin work as permanent ponies. Their spirits have been tamed and
they are broken in to both whip and harness. They have been
taught to work as a pair and they respond well to all commands in
both English and Arabic. Their bodies have hardened and their
muscular definition is more pronounced than when they first
arrived and of course they are kept smooth. Their hides have
become `sun-hardened' and are a deep honey colour. They are truly
magnificent and worthy of you Rashid. I've driven them on a
number of occasions and have been very impressed with them. The
credit for all this rests with Faris, the stable-master. I'll
inform him that you will be using them as of tomorrow."

"Thank you, Geoff. As always I can rely on you. Oh! There's one
other matter I need to ask you about. When I left the palace
earlier I noticed a young slave I'd not seen before. I understand
he's from the stables. What can you tell me about him?"

"What do you think of him? He's magnificent isn't he? He's a
Greek and the progeny of my pony. You may remember buying them as
a father and son pair five or six years ago. And before you ask -
yes, he's a virgin. I've always kept him separated from the older
slaves and ponies to ensure he remains so. But now he has reached
maturity and is ready to join the other slaves in the stables and
I can no longer protect him from them. So this morning, I
arranged for him to deliver your ponies to the palace and to wait
for your departure. I knew you would notice him and that, no
doubt, you would want to be the first to fuck him. After all as
his owner you are entitled to the first bite of the cherry. Am I
correct, Rashid? You do want to fuck him?"

"Yes to all your questions, Geoff," Rashid laughs. "Yes, he is
magnificent, and yes, I do want to be the first to bite his
cherry as you so indelicately put it. I've given Daoud
instructions to prepare him and place him in my apartments to
await my return. This evening, I will awaken him to the true
reality of being a slave. But after that - what is his future to
be?"

"He'll serve as a pony - that was always my intention. But why do
you ask?"

"As you know my nephew, Achmed is to spend his school holidays
here at the Bezistan. He'll require the services of a slave for
the duration of his stay and I think the young Greek would be
eminently suitable. Although, he obviously lacks sexual
experience and this deficiency would need to be rectified. What
do you think, Geoff?"

"Well the slave is pleasant-natured and obedient and would serve
Achmed loyally, I have no doubts. But, like you, my concern is
for the slave's lack of sexual experience. And what about Achmed;
how experienced is he?"

"Have you forgotten what we were like at Achmed's age?" Rashid
laughingly asks. "I would think Achmed is every bit as
adventurous as we were at that age."

"I take your point, Rashid. Achmed is at an exciting time for a
young man and I'm sure he'll want to experiment with his slave.
There's still a month or so before his arrival - time enough to
have the slave trained in how to serve a master. Leave it with
me. I'll make sure he makes Achmed's visit both enjoyable and
memorable."

Suddenly, their conversation is interrupted by the sound of a
distant aircraft. Looking to the north-west, Rashid and Geoff see
a dark speck in the sky.

"As usual, the pilot's right on time." Geoff comments.

Strolling to the edge of the runway, Rashid and Geoff pass the
two stationary transporters and their teams of draft slaves
waiting to take the new arrivals to the Bezistan. The slaves,
too, are looking in the direction of the approaching plane; they
know that this brief respite from work is about to end.

At the edge of the runway, twenty, naked slaves are huddled in a
group under the watchful eyes and whips of their overseers; their
assigned job is to unload the cages containing the new arrivals
from the plane once it has landed. As they approach both men are
assailed with the stench of unwashed bodies, stale sweat and the
lingering smells of urine and excrement.

"Let's move upwind from them. They're pretty ripe." Geoff
suggests to Rashid as he wrinkles his nose in distaste.

Rashid watches eagerly as the plane lands and taxis to a
standstill on the runway. Impatiently he waits for the pilot to
cut the engines before hurrying out to take up his position at
the plane's rear. There he waits for the plane's loading ramp to
be lowered. Soon he is joined by Geoff. Both men are anxious to
board the plane and view the cargo of new slave recruits.


To be continued..........







