Author: mypenname3000
Title: Quarantined with Mom and My Sisters 2: Little Sis is Horny
Summary: Things grow complicated being quarantined when his little sister gets horny!
Keywords: mF mf inc oral anal rim

Copyright 2020

Note: Thanks to wrc264 for beta reading this!

For the last month, I'd been doing things with Mom. Sexy things.

Quarantine was in its second month, and things had gotten naughty in our apartment. Three bedrooms for four people made cramped space. At sixteen, I was bursting with hormones, and only had the women of my family to ogle. When Mom caught me listening to my older sister masturbating in the shower, she had given me a handjob instead of getting mad.

Handjobs had turned into blowjobs, and now we were having sex. In the morning before my sisters woke up and in the evening when they were getting ready for bed. They were oblivious to the fact I was naked in Mom's bedroom. 

I knelt before her, my hands grabbing her butt-cheeks. I never thought I would be doing this, but I was more than willing to do it because of what came next. My lips kissed at Mom's asshole. I rimmed her, dancing my tongue around her naughty sphincter.

Mmm, that's it, she cooed. Just like that, Rick. Mmm, get my asshole all nice and ready for your cock.

Anal! 

Mom was letting me do anal. She was just as horny as I was. No going on dates for her. She didn't need it now. Incest was wrong, we both knew it, but we were beyond caring. 

I kneaded her rump as my tongue danced around her asshole. The sour flavor of her asshole was exciting. A dirty flavor. She was still damp from her shower, her hair pinned up to stay dry. I squeezed her rump, my tongue darting around her asshole.

Now, wiggle that tongue into my ass, purred Mom. Mmm, get it in me.

I thrust my tongue against her asshole, eager for the fun to come. Regular sex was amazing. Mom was my first, and it was awesome. I couldn't wait to find out how amazing anal felt. I drilled my tongue against her asshole. I pushed and pushed on her. That naughty hole resisted for a moment.

Then I slid into her bowels.

The earthy flavor of her asshole increased. I groaned at that. This was such an exciting delight. My tongue penetrated her bowels. I wiggled around in her. I caressed her flesh, stroking around in her asshole. Getting her ready for my cock.

I ached.

I throbbed.

Mom purred as I danced my tongue around in her asshole. Her butt-cheeks clenched about my face. I licked and lapped, eager to get her ready. This would be so awesome. I had the best mom in the world.

Mmm, now get some fingers soaked in my pussy cream, she purred, and work them into my asshole. That'll be amazing. You'll really make me cum with them.

Eager to obey, I did just that. I slid my right hand down her butt-cheek as my tongue danced around in her asshole. I caressed her. Teased her. As I did, my fingers slid through her bush and found her hot pussy. I thrust three of them into her cunt.

She moaned, her hot and silky flesh engulfing them. She squeezed down around them. I worked them in and out of her cunt, getting soaked by her pussy cream. My tongue fucked in and out of her asshole.

Now, use those fingers to lube up my asshole, Mom groaned. Get me nice and slick for your big dick. Mmm, I love your cock, Rick. There's something so wonderful about having your dick in me. I made you. Made your cock!

Damn, I groaned at how sexy that was. I slid my digits out of her pussy, my cock wanting to plunge back into her depths. 

I pulled my face from her butt-cheeks, the sour flavor lingering, and pressed my digits soaked in her juices against her asshole. I pushed on her. I pressed against that naughty hole. Her anal ring spread and spread and then my three fingers were sinking into her depths.

Oh, god, yes, Mom groaned, her back arching. A few strands of her black hair escaped her loose bun and fell around her neck. That's perfect. Ooh, such a good boy. Get my ass ready for your dick. You're going to love fucking your mother's asshole.

Yeah, Mom, I will! I groaned, pumping my fingers in and out of her asshole.

I loved the feeling of plunging in and out of her asshole. I thrust my digits into her anal depths and wiggled my fingers around in her bowels. I plunged them to the hilt in her. It was incredible to do. I loved how her anal sheath gripped my digits. 

I worked them in faster and faster as her asshole became lubed. She groaned, her moans echoing through the bedroom. I slid your other hand down to her bush and through her curls. I plunged my fingers into her cunt. I buried them in deep, loving the silky texture of her cunt. 

Oh, yes, yes, Rick, she groaned. Ooh, get my ass ready.

I pulled out my fingers from both her holes. I brought my fresh ones to her asshole and thrust them in with ease, her sphincter wet with spit and cunt cream. She groaned, her back arching. The drawers of her dresser rattled. 

I sucked on my fingers from her asshole, cleaning off that sour flavor. It was dirty and depraved and made my cock ache. This was incest taken to its filthiest. I loved it. I pumped my fingers in and out of her asshole.

Oh, that's good, she groaned, but I need your cock. I need my son's dick in me.

My cock throbbed. I ripped my fingers out of her asshole and stood up. I grabbed my dick and guided it to her pussy. I wanted to be nice and lubed. And I wanted to be back in her cunt. I loved being in her snatch.

Rick! she groaned as I thrust into her. Her pussy clenched down on my cock. Her back arched and her cunt clenched down around me.

I wanted to fuck her. To just pound her pussy, but I grabbed her hips and let my dick soak in her juices. I groaned and throbbed in her. I loved how great she felt around me. I was back in her. It felt so wonderfully wrong to be in her cunt.

Finally, I drew back, eager to try out anal. My cock popped out of her pussy. I grabbed it and slid my tip through her curls to her taint and then up into her butt-crack. I found her loosened and lubed hole. I pushed against her.

Rick! she moaned as her anal ring slid over the sensitive crown of my dick.

Mom! I groaned, my hands sliding around her body to cup her large breasts. I held her boobs in my hand. I kneaded them as my cock popped past her asshole and entered her bowels. Shit!

Mmm, she purred as I penetrated deeper and deeper. Past my tongue. My fingers. I was in parts of her anal sheath I hadn't touched. That's so good.

You like anal? I groaned as I went deeper and deeper.

I like a lot of things, Rick, she moaned. Her bowels clenched down on my cock as I bottomed out in her.

I squeezed her tits and groaned from the pressure. It was incredible. I had every inch of my cock in her, my crotch rubbing into her plump rump. My heart pounded. I was so lucky. I hoped quarantine never ended.

I wanted this to go on and on forever.

I squeezed her tits and drew back my hips. My cock slid out of her asshole. It was incredible to enjoy. I loved it. her flesh held me. Massaged me. I groaned as I slid out of her bowels. Heat swelled throughout me. It was wonderful.

Yes! I groaned and then rammed back into her asshole. 

Oh, Rick, fuck my ass! Mom moaned. What a sweet sound to hear.

I pumped my hips. I slammed my cock into her bowels. It was incredible to enjoy. It was fantastic. I shuddered, burying over and over into her bowels. I plunged to the hilt in her with hard strokes. It was awesome.

I slammed deep into her. Hard. I buried to the hilt in her asshole. It was incredible to enjoy. Her bowels squeezed about me. She felt so incredible about my cock. I groaned, burying into her again and again. It was fantastic to enjoy. I groaned, lunging away hard and fast. I loved every moment of this. Hard. Pleasure built and built in me. 

I came closer and closer to that moment of erupting in her asshole.

I pumped away at her. I fucked into her with such passion. I buried deep into her bowels. My fingers kneaded her tits as I plunged into her asshole again and again. She moaned, her velvety flesh squeezing about me.

Fuck, fuck, fuck, Mom! I groaned. 

Mmm, are you going to cum in my asshole? she groaned. Are you going to dump your jizz in Mommy's asshole?
Yes!

I slammed into her, fucking her with such intensity. The dresser drawers rattled. Mom humped back into my strokes. Her butt-cheeks smacked into my crotch. The friction swelled the pressure at the tip of my cock. That tight, velvety anal sheath brought me closer and closer to exploding. To erupting. It would be incredible.

I groaned as I buried into her. My fingers found her nipples. I pinched them. Twisted them. Mom gasped, her bowels squeezing about my dick. The velvety heaven massaged me. My balls, smacking into her taint, tightened with my load of cum. I groaned as I buried into her.

Rick! she whimpered., her asshole tightening around me. Oh, yes, yes, Rick!

Her asshole convulsed around my dick.

I gasped as I buried into her spasming flesh. Her bowels sucked on me as I drew back, rippling and writhing around my cock. The feel of her velvety flesh climaxing around my cock was incredible. I slammed to the hilt in her, the pressure in my balls exploding.

I erupted.

My cum fired into her convulsing asshole. I groaned as I fired spurt after spurt of cum into her. I basted her bowels. It was incredible. A heady rush. I groaned, my cum spurting over and over into her massaging bowels.

Yes, yes, yes! I groaned. Oh, my gold, Mom!

Mmm, flood Mommy's asshole! she moaned, her voice so rich and throaty.

Yeah, Mom! 

I pumped her asshole full of my cum. Each blast of jizz had me grunted. Groaning. I reeled from the heady and incestuous rush of cumming in my mother's asshole. I drew in a deep breath, smiling from the thrill of basting her bowels.

It was amazing.

I fired the last spurt of cum, my fingers massaging her tits. She groaned, her body trembling. She let out a purring sigh. I leaned in and hugged her tight from behind. She turned her head and then our lips met in a kiss.

I groaned, my lips working on Mom's.

Then I broke the kiss. Damn.

Uh-huh, Rick, she purred. How was anal?

Just... Damn.

She burst into laughter, her bowels squeezing about my softening cock. It was such a delightful sound.

I pulled out of her ass and grabbed my t-shirt and shorts. She laid down on her bed, groaning. 

Dressed, I headed to the door and said, Night, Mom.

Mmm, she purred, hugging a pillow to her.

I listened at the door. I didn't hear my sisters in the hallway. I opened it with care and slipped out. My bedroom door was open. I frowned at that and headed to it. I stepped in to find my sister messing around at my bookshelf.

Jamie! I gasped.

My little sister, wearing a tight tank top and a pair of black panties, squeaked and spun around. At fourteen, Jamie was a petite brunette, her blue eyes wide. She had an angelic face, full of innocence as she squirmed before me.

What are you doing in here? I demanded.

Borrowing a book, she said. She turned and grabbed The Two Towers off the wall. This one. I've been wanting to read it.

I stared at her. The Two Towers? You read Tolkien

Yep, she said, nodding.

You know that's book two, right?

Of course. She squirmed there. I already read book one. Then she darted towards me and the door. I stepped aside. As she burst out, she shouted, Thanks!

I shook my head. What a little brat. What had she been snooping for in my room really? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The warm, wet sucking of my mother's mouth drew me out of bed. I groaned and opened my eyes to the delight of her lips sliding up and down my cock. Her black hair fell loose around her face. I smiled at her.

Morning, I groaned.

She slid her mouth off my dick and groaned, I can still taste my ass on your dick.

Damn, I groaned.

Mmm, it makes me so wet. 

She crawled up my body, her big tits swaying before me. She grabbed my cock. I groaned as she stroked me. She pumped her hands up and down my dick. I smiled as my shaft throbbing in her grip. She felt incredible stroking me. 

I shuddered as she held me upright and lowered her cunt down to my dick. I groaned as her curls caressed the tip then her pussy lips kissed it. My back arched as her twat engulfed my dick in her silky heaven.

A naughty and wanton look of delight spread over my mom's lips. She groaned as she bottomed out on me. Her pussy clenched about me. I shuddered and then I rolled us over. I loved being on top of her, wrapped up about her.

I kissed her as I thrust away at her cunt. Her big and soft breasts crushed against my chest. My dick plowed into her pussy. My ass clenched as I buried my cock into her snatch over and over again. Her silky and wet twat gripped me.

I groaned into our kiss, our lips working together. She held me tight, her arms and legs wrapped around me. I slammed into her snatch. I plunged to the hilt in her hard and fast. Her pussy squeezed around me, massaging me.

It was heaven.

Incestuous heaven.

I could die happy with my cock in my mother's twat.

I buried hard and fast into her. She held me tight, her boobs rubbing into my chest. Her silky snatch squeezed around my dick. It was awesome. I plunged into her twat. The bed creaked as I buried to the hilt in her.

Oh, fuck, yes, I groaned, breaking the kiss. Oh, that's so good. Mom!

Mmm, yes, yes, Rick, she moaned.

Her eyes stared up at me as I buried into her snatch again and again. I plowed into her. My dick slammed into her pussy and drew back. She clung to me, massaging me. The ache built and built at the tip of my cock while my balls tightened.

I had a big load of jizz to dump in my mother. I plunged deep into her cunt. I buried to the hilt in her over and over again. I drew back my dick. Her hot flesh clung to me. It was amazing. I groaned, savoring that wonderful snatch. I pumped away at her hard and fast. I buried to the hilt in her twat.

Oh, Rick, she moaned, her flesh so hot. Her hand slid down and grabbed my ass. She pulled on me. Give Mommy that big load of your cum. I love starting my day with you dripping out of me.

Mom! I groaned and slammed to the hilt in her. I buried deep and hard, her twat gripping her hot flesh. 

Yes, yes, yes! she pants, her cunt gripping your twat. Oh, my god, that's good. That's amazing. Oh, yes, yes, make me cum.

I grinned and slammed into her juicy cunt. Her flesh squeezed about me. She whimpered, her fingernails biting into my ass. The heat of her pussy swelled around my cock plowing into her. The silky friction massaged the tip of my cock.

My balls ached. I groaned, staring into her eyes. She smiled back up at me, her twat squeezing my dick. I loved it. I thrust to the hilt in her. She groaned, her back arching. Her boobs rubbed into my chest.

Yes! she gasped. Rick!

Her pussy went wild around me. Her hot flesh convulsed and spasmed. It was incredible. I groaned, savoring the way her flesh rippled around me. I thrust into her snatch's depths. I buried to the hilt in her climaxing twat.

Cum in me! she groaned.

Mom! I gasped and exploded in her.

The rush of cumming in my mother slammed through me. That illicit thrill of pumping my jizz into my mother's pussy crashed into my mind. I groaned as her stanch milked me with hunger. Her fingernails dug into my rump as my balls emptied into her twat.

It was incredible. 

I rode through the high, my heart beating fast. I shuddered, savoring the pleasure of dumping my cum into her snatch. She moaned beneath me, her pussy working out every drop of spunk I had left in my balls.

Oh, yes, yes, Rick, she moaned. Mmm, that's what Mommy needs.

Such a wicked Mommy, I groaned, the lethargy falling on me now.

She grinned at me.

I rolled off of her onto my back, sleep pulling down at me. She kissed me on the lips and purred, Don't sleep in too much. You have classwork.

Uh-huh, I muttered and then sleep fell on me. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I woke up a few hours later hungry. I rolled out of bed and pulled on some clean clothes. Mom was in a zoom meeting for her work while Auburn was exercising in the living room. She was sweating it to some perky blonde leading the routine.

Both of them were wearing skimpy leotards. My older sister's ass looked amazing as she went through the aerobics, a sheen of sweat on her body. She glanced at me as I passed through. I just nodded. I didn't need to ogle her. Not after Mom drained my balls, but...

I was sixteen and getting hard again.

I poured myself a bowl of cereal and sat at the table. It just happened to let me see her big breasts bouncing. Her tits were almost as large as Mom's. Her bleached-blonde hair swayed, her dark roots showing. 

Damn, those were some lovely tits.

Auburn glanced at me as I was eating. I quickly shot my gaze down to my cereal. The marshmallows were melting. I couldn't have that. I ate quickly as she resumed her exercise and her tits resumed their bouncing.

I had a hardon needing satisfaction when I finished, but Mom was still in her zoom meeting. Auburn headed into the shower. I wondered if she would use the shower massager to masturbate or if it was just to wash off the sweat.

Hey, Jamie said, popping out of the room she shared with Auburn. The two had no space. I felt a little bad for them. I want to show you something.

She held her tablet in her hand as she darted into my room. I frowned and followed her in. She had this bratty look on her normally angelic face. My brow furrowed even more at the sight of her wiggling her hips. She had on a pair of booty shorts, something she was increasingly wearing, dressing more and more like Auburn. Jamie had lithe legs, her feet bare. A tank top that left a strip of her belly exposed clad her petite torso, her breasts small impressions.

What? I asked.

Close the door, she said, this mischievous grin on her face.

Why? Suspicions wreathed my mind. What are you up to?

Just... this. She turned her laptop around to show my dark room and Mom settling between my thighs to start blowing me. So... you and Mom are doing it, huh?

My blood ran cold, then I whirled around to my bookshelf I had caught her messing around at last night. I stared at it and then, in the shadows sitting on top of my Mistborn books, was a webcam. All black, easy to miss. I grabbed it and found a cable running...

To my own computer. 

The fuck, I muttered. I glanced at My sister. She still had the video playing. No sound, but Mom was crawling up my body. You could see her breasts swaying as she grabbed my cock and impaled her pussy down my dick.

Wow, look at her go, said Jamie. And then... there you are on top. You're just nailing Mom.

What do you want? I whispered, holding the webcam and the cable in my hand, slowly bunching up the wire. My stomach twisted. She could get Mom and me in a lot of trouble with that video.

What do I want? Jamie asked carefully, her hips wiggling. She tapped at her chin thoughtfully. Well, I want you to eat my pussy!

My jaw dropped.

Then so did her shorts and panties.

She tossed the tablet on my bed and peeled off her booty shorts. She had a pair of red panties beneath, cut narrowly. Not a thong, but close. She peeled those off to reveal a sparse bush of brown hair covering her pussy.

Eat my pussy, or everyone finds out you're a motherfucker, Rick, she said, her hips wiggling. I'm so horny. You and Mom have been sneaking around, and Auburn's always in the bathroom. I need relief, too. Big brother, I need it.

Jesus, I groaned, moving to her, my dick on fire, you didn't have to blackmail me. You could have just walked in and done that.

Oh, she said, glancing down at her twat. Really?

Yeah, I groaned, my dick on fire. I needed relief. Mom was busy, and here was my little sister who...

God, Mom would kill me if she found out I was messing around with Jamie. She was the baby of the family. I wasn't even sure if Mom had realized Jamie had gone through puberty. And what if Mom got jealous? Women got like that.

But I had no choice. None at all. I just had to eat my little sister out and... Who knew what would happen after.

I fell to my knees before my sister. She bit her lip, looking nervous as I boldly grabbed her ass. I pulled her to me. I yanked her right to my face. She gasped as I did. My lips pressed through the sparse bush and kissed at her snatch. 

Rick, she whimpered.

Her spicy juiceswhat a thrilling discoverymelted through my lips and soaked my mouth. I groaned and licked at her snatch. She gasped. Her hands rubbed at her belly through her tank top. She whimpered as I caressed her tight slit again.

And it was tight. No thick pussy lips here. I dug my tongue into her furrow. I caressed her hidden pussy lips and then brushed her clit. She squeaked at that. Her blue eyes widened. She groaned as I fluttered my tongue up and down her slit.

Oh, Rick, she whimpered, her butt-cheeks flexing beneath my hands.

Just enjoy, Jamie, I growled, my cock on fire. I would enjoy her pussy so much. 

I lapped at my little sister's spicy slit. It was incredible to caress her. I pushed deeper, my tongue sliding over her hymen. She gasped as I brushed her naughty hole. This thrill ran through me. A virgin. I mean, I wasn't surprised, and yet I was thrilled by this discovery.

I could pop my little sister's cherry.

The idea galvanized me to lick and lap and caress her pussy lips. I slid over her folds. I loved the taste of her. I savored licking and lapping at her cunt. My hunger knew no bounds. I groaned as my tongue slathered over her.

She had such a wonderful taste to her. That spicy passion was just incredible. I gripped her rump and feasted on my little sister's virgin twat. I brushed her clit over and over. She gasped when I did that. Her face twisted in pleasure.

Oh, oh, she groaned. Big brother!

I winked at her.

Oh, that's good. Oh, big brother, that's so good. You're making me feel so amazing.

I caressed her. I loved her. I wanted to make her explode. 

Then I wanted to pop her cherry.

My tongue fluttered against her clit. I swirled around her bud. I caressed that naughty, little pearl. Mom had taught me somethings, and I showed them to my sister. She whimpered and moaned. She sounded so cute.

I suckled on her clit. She gasped, her back arching. Her face screwed up with delight. Her moans echoed through the room. It was so awesome to nurse on her. I loved the taste of her spicy cream and the feel of her bud in my mouth.

Rick! she groaned. Oh, Rick! Oh, that's so good, Rick! 

I nibbled on her clit. I suckled on her naughty bud. I kneaded her rump, eager to make my little sister cum. Her whimpers echoed through my bedroom. They resounded back and forth as I nursed on her clit with hunger.

Her hands pulled on her tank top, stretching out the material. She whimpered, the flavor of her spicy pussy growing. Her head tossed back and forth. I wanted to make her explode. I wanted my little sister to drown me in her virgin cream.

Rick! she squealed. It's... I... Yes!

Her pussy cream gushed out of her snatch. I drank her spicy flood, loving the taste of her virgin passion. This was so wild. My fingers gripped her rump. I held her tight. I gripped her as I drank all her juices.

They were amazing. Wild. They were fantastic. I loved the taste of them. I drank them down, feasting on them with such hunger. They spilled over my chin. Her squeaks of delight echoed through my bedroom.

Big brother! she gasped. Oh, yes, yes, yes!

I drank down all her cream. I licked over her hymen. I brushed her clit. She tossed her head and then she panted and stepped back. I let her go. She squeaked and fell onto my bed, tripped up by her shorts and panties bunched around her ankles.

Damn, I groaned, standing up. I need you to suck my cock.

Huh? she moaned, pulling up her panties and shorts. She panted, looking dazed.

I'm so hard, I groaned, shoving down my shorts. My cock popped out. 

She stared at it, her lips flicking over her tongue. She wiggled her hips, pulling her booty shorts back on. Then she looked at my door. Footsteps echoed down the hallway. Auburn was done with her shower.

Sorry! she gasped and grabbed her tablet. She darted around me.

I tried to grab her, but she ducked me. Then she ripped my door open and raced out, her braid of brown hair flapping behind her.

I groaned and yanked up my shorts, so hard. I licked my lips drenched in my little sister's cunt. I headed to the bathroom myself. I slashed water on my face, my cheeks flushed. I was so hard. Why couldn't she just suck me off?

As I left the bathroom, Mom was heading down the hallway. She paused and then gave me a quick kiss, her body pressing into me. She wiggled her hips. Mmm, hard?

I nodded.

She pushed me back into the bathroom and gave me the blowjob my little sister denied me. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I felt amazing as I slipped out of Mom's bedroom that night. I left her dripping in my seed and with a big smile on her face. I hummed as I headed to my door. The hiss of the shower came on. I glanced at the bathroom.

Auburn taking one of her late-night showers. I pictured my older sister's busty form, athletic and curvy, rubbing the shower massager between her thighs. My dick throbbed as I slipped into my room. I stripped naked and sank onto my bed.

Just knowing Auburn was in there had me getting harder and harder. I closed my eyes, wanting to fall asleep, but I felt so awake by the knowledge. The idea of slipping in and offering to take care of her horniness rippled through me.

Why not. Jamie and Mom had both come to me. I bet Auburn wouldn't run out on me. And Mom couldn't be nearly as mad if I was fucking Auburn, too. I mean, Auburn was older, seventeen going on twenty-five. An adult in every way that mattered. She was sexually active. The whole family knew it. 

I smiled. It would be hot. I could just slip into the bathroom and say, Why use that shower massager when you can have my dick, Sis? Then she would pounce on me. I would fuck her hard and get more relief.

Fear twisted my stomach. I didn't know if Auburn would be interested in that or not. Just because Mom and Jamie were. She could freak out, and that would make living in this small apartment through quarantine into a nightmare.

Still... my dick ached so much and

My bedroom door burst open. Jamie was there, rushing to me. I blinked as she closed the door behind me and then just threw herself onto my lap. My little sister kissed me hard on the lips with this feverish ache.

W-what? I gasped, pushing her back.

I want you to eat my cunt again, she moaned and pushed back on my shoulders. I need it. That was so good, and I'm all horny for more, and Auburn's going to be in the shower forever rubbing herself. Please, please, please.

After you didn't blow me? I muttered.

I still have that video, she said in this taunting manner.

I groaned and glared at her. When did you become such a brat, Jamie.

Puberty! she moaned. Please, please, I need it. I'm all wet and itchy down there.

Fine, I muttered. She better give me something, too. There was no way I was going to let her blue ball me again.

I stretched out on my back and she crawled over me. She was wearing her pink nightie, the thin material swaying about her thighs. In moments, she was straddling my head. The spicy scent of her virgin pussy filled my nose. Her nightie fell around my face as she sat her twat on my mouth.

For the second time today, I had my little sister's cunt on my lips. This time, however, she was sitting on me. This let her wiggle, smearing her sparse hairs and juicy vulva around my lips. She groaned as she did, humping against me.

Big bro, she whimpered, grinding her snatch on my face. Just lick me. Eat me. That was so amazing what you did this morning.

I was blackmailed into eating my little sister's virgin cunt. I mean, I would have done it for free. She tasted amazing. Felt amazing. It was so hot having her little body on me. My dick throbbed and ached as I licked at her snatch.

I caressed her. My tongue danced over her vulva. I lapped up her spicy cream off her plump twat. Then I dove into her slit. I brushed her hymen, stroking over that membrane that my dick so wanted to pop.

Oh, Rick, she cooed as she ground her hot pussy on my face.

My dick throbbed painfully hard as I feasted on her. I licked and lapped at her pussy. My tongue fluttered through her folds. Her legs pressed around the side of my head. Her juices leaked out and spilled down my cheek.

I thrust my tongue against her hymen. I pushed on that membrane, feeling a small hole in the middle of it. I could just get my tongue through. Her spicy juices tasted so good. My little sister gasped as I did that.

Rick! she whimpered. Don't do that. Just lick me.

I wanted to pop that cherry.

I kept licking her. I lapped at her. My tongue fluttered up and down her folds. It was incredible to devour her. She tasted so good. My tongue fluttered through her tight slit, gathering up the cream that leaked out of her.

She groaned, humping her pussy backward and forward on my cock. She smeared her hot pussy cream on my lips and nose. I breathed in her spicy musk. Her nightie rustled around my head as she did it.

Oh, oh, that's so good, she moaned, Mmm, Rick!

You taste delicious, I panted.

I do? She squirmed more. Mmm, you love licking my pussy, huh?

Yeah!

She squealed in delight, sounding so cute.

I caressed up and down her folds, wanting to give her the most amount of pleasure possible. I licked and lapped and devoured her. She moaned, her gasps and groans echoing through the air. I loved them. I licked at her. 

I licked at the incestuous delight of my little sister's twat. I feasted on her, loving her juices. I caressed over her. I licked and lapped at her. I loved how she whimpered and moaned. Her hips wiggled back and forth, grinding her snatch on me. It was amazing to drink her pussy cream.

I brushed her clit. 

She gasped and moaned. She trembled on me. I swirled around her bud, loving how she squealed. Her thighs tightened on the sides of my face. Her nightie rustled even more. I wished I could see her face, see the pleasure that I gave her. It would be incredible.

Oh, Rick! she moaned. Big bro, that's so good. I love it when you play with my clit.

Going to cum?

Uh-huh!

I fluttered my tongue against her clit. I attacked that bud. I loved it as she squirmed on me. It was incredible having her doing that. She ground around on me. She smeared her pussy over my face. I loved the flavor of her juices. I brushed her clit again, aching to make her cum.

Then I would have my fun.

Big bro, she moaned, her nightie rustling. I swirled my tongue around her clit. Oh, big bro! Yes!

Her pussy cream gushed out again. I groaned and drank down her juices. I loved the flood of her passion gushing out of her twat. I groaned, licking up the delight. She moaned, her pussy grinding on my face as I devoured her.

I feasted on her snatch. I loved every moment of devouring her. She groaned and my bed creaked. My dick throbbed. It twitched over my stomach, that ache at the tip and in my balls needing satisfaction. 

Oh, big bro, whimpered Jaime. You're so good at that. You're the best.

I know, I said, riding that high. Now it's your turn.

My turn? She giggled. Nope.

Jamie scrambled off my face. Is at up as she jumped off my bed. Her braid flapped behind her. I snagged her. She gasped as I yanked her back. Her nightie flared as she fell onto my lap. She gasped and squirmed.

Rick! she gasped. What are you doing?

What do you think? I asked, pulling her ass back into my crotch. I let her feel my throbbing erection through her nightie. You see what you've done to me. I'm so hard for you. I need to be in you. Fuck you.

Rick, she whimpered.

I slid her off my lap and onto the bed. She laid down on it, staring up at me with these trembling eyes. I shifted around, pushing her legs apart. Her nightie slid up it. I licked my lips, tasting her spicy passion.

I'm not going to hurt you, Jamie, I said, my hands pushing up the lacy hem of her nightgown. I won't.

Rick. She bit her lip. It's just... I... I...

I know, I said and stroked her cheek. I'll be gentle. I just have to be in you. I'm so hard. I'm horny, too. It's not fair that you come in here and make me eat you out without giving me some relief.

I can blow you, she moaned as I pushed her nightie up and over her hips. I know how. I think.

I don't want you to blow me, I said, leaning down. Don't you want to know why Mom woke me up with a blowjob and impaled her cunt on my dick this morning? Why right now, she's lying with a blissful smile on her bed while my cum leaks out of her pussy?

Jamie shuddered as I lowered myself.

Don't you want to know what it feels like to have your brother's dick in you? Fucking you. I pressed my cock into her sparse bush. I found her virgin pussy in moments, her flesh so hot.

She sucked in a gasping breath. My cock pushed into her slit and found her hymen. Rick! We can't!

We can. I kissed her and thrust.

She whimpered beneath me as I pushed on her hymen. I didn't ram hard. I wanted to be gentle. She squirmed beneath me. I slid my arms beneath her body, holding her to me as I pushed with my cock on her maidenhead. The membrane stretched and stretched and...

Popped.

I tore through her cherry and entered her virgin flesh. I groaned. She was tight. Almost painfully so. Wet and juicy and silky heaven clenched about my dick. I slid into her slowly. She squirmed beneath me, whimpering into the kiss.

She broke it, gasping, Rick!

I know, I groaned and nuzzled to her ear. I won't hurt you. I love you.

She stiffened, her pussy clenching about my cock. You do?

You're my sister. I licked her earlobe. How could I not love you?

She whimpered and sounded delighted. Her arms slid around me. Hugging me. 

I smiled and drew back. Her pussy clung to me. She felt amazing. I groaned at how heavenly it was in her snatch. My little sister's cunt held me. It was wonderful. I loved it. I wanted this bliss to stay wrapped around me forever.

I thrust back into her. she groaned as I did. She held me tight. Her snatch felt so wonderful about my dick. I groaned and pumped away at her. I buried into my little sister's pussy. She whimpered, her nightie-clad body trembling beneath me.

Her thighs slid around my waist. She held me tight as she squirmed beneath me. It was incredible plunging into my little sister's depths. It wasn't the illicit thrill that burying into my mother sparked, but it was amazing. Wonderful, even.

Naughty. Depraved. Wrong.

She was my little sister. I shouldn't be in her. I shouldn't have taken her cherry. But I had. I loved her pussy squeezing around me.

I pumped away at her. I thrust into her snatch, loving how she gripped me. She held me tight. Her pussy massaged me. I groaned, driving to the hilt in her. this was incredible. I shuddered, plunging deeper and harder into her snatch. I buried to the hilt in her and loved every moment of it.

Her cunt squeezed around me. It was fantastic. I groaned, loving the way her pussy held me tight. I savored the wonderful heat of her cunt. How tight she was. She fell to different from mom. Not better, just not the same.

This was awesome. 

I loved incest. 

I slammed into Jenny's cunt. I buried hard and deep. I fucked her with such passion. She gasped and squeaked beneath me, making such wicked sounds as I buried into her again and again. I plunged my cock to the hilt in her. I loved how her pussy squeezed about me. She held me tight in her embrace. I groaned, pumping away with such passion at her snatch. I groaned, burying deep and hard into her snatch. 

I filled her to the brim with my cock. It was an amazing feeling. She squeezed about me. Her snatch gripped me with silky heaven. I groaned, loving this tight pussy about me. I kissed her. I loved her. And she loved me back with that pussy.

Her tongue danced with mine. Her fingernails scratched at my back. She whimpered, her pussy squeezing and relaxing about my cock. It was incredible to bury to the hilt in her again and again. I savored every plunge. Every thrust. I groaned, her twat bringing me closer and closer to cumming.

Rick! she whimpered, breaking the kiss. Oh, Rick!

Are you going to cum? I groaned, my bed creaking beneath me.

Yes! She squeezed her pussy around my dick. This is so much better than being licked. I... I... Yes!

She gasped and shuddered. Her pussy went wild around my dick. It was an incredible delight. Her snatch milked me. I groaned, on the verge of exploding in rapture. I slammed to the hilt in her cunt. My little sister's flesh sucked at me.

Worshiped me.

I groaned and erupted. 

I fired my cum into her cunt. I pumped load after load of bliss into her hot twat. The pleasure slammed into my mind. I groaned as I pumped my spunk into her spasming depths. My little sister squealed.

Rick! she whimpered. That's your... your...

Cum! I growled.

Yes! 

She bucked beneath me. Her little pussy milked out my cock with such hunger. I groaned, loving the feeling of her twat rippling around me. She milked me. She worked every drop of cum that I had left in my balls. I shuddered as I ran dry.

I groaned, savoring every last moment of it. I hit the peak of my rapture, my mind drowning in bliss, and fire the last of my cum into her snatch. I spurted over and over into her. My body shuddered. I panted and groaned, my heart racing.

Damn, I panted. Oh, Damn, that's good.

Mmm, she purred. Rick... That was good.

I rolled off of her, my cock sliding out of her depths. I lay on my back, panting. Lethargy fell on me. My little sister cuddled against me. She laid her head on my chest. I smiled, loving the feel of her resting against me. I stroked her as I sank into sleep.

That was incredible. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I was vaguely aware of the door to my bedroom opening. Mom was coming in for the morning blowjob and fuck. I smiled, my dick hard. I was still half caught up in my dreams, my arms wrapped around my little sister...

I snapped fully awake as I realized the danger.

What is this? Mom hissed. She stood over me holding my sister in my arms. Rick Peter Robinson, what is your little sister doing in your bed?

I swallowed at the anger on her face. 

To be continued...
