TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright c March 7, 1999 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit.  
This story may be freely distributed for personal use with 
this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(M+/F, MF, FemDom, Impreg)

WARNING: DO NOT READ THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, 
AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE 
DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE 
TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, 
OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR 
BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES' MALE 
LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE


Story Title:  Runt Of The Litter
Author: C.D.E.

CAST:
Husband-Harold Robinson
Wife-Helen Robinson
Harold's Mother-Ma
Harold's Father-Pa



	Neighbors of Harold and Helen Robinson thought of them as a 
wonderful couple.  They had four young children, who all had the strong 
Robinson facial resemblance.  They were considered an ideal family.

CHAPTER 1:  THE BEGINNING

	Harold was so proud of all he'd accomplished in the last five 
years.  He'd gotten his Ph.D., a good paying job, managed to distance 
himself from his hick farm family, and found the girl of his dream, 
Helen.
	He intentionally didn't tell his family he'd gotten married until 
after the wedding.  He simply didn't want them to show up.	
	He and Helen had a June wedding and went on a honeymoon cruise.  
Harold didn't let his family know about his marriage until late July.
	"Harold, you little rascal.  So you think you're man enough to 
get married and not tell us.  Well now that you've done it, when are 
you planning to start your family?"  His mother's voice roared out of 
the phone receiver as she spoke.
	"Not until next year about this time.  Helen is still working on 
her masters degree and another full year, including a summer session 
next year, should enable her to finish it up almost exactly a year from 
now."
	"Okay son, I'm sorry you didn't see fit to invite us, your kin, 
to your hitching ceremony, but you be sure and let me know when y'all 
plan to start breeding.  I'm obliged to pass on the family secret that 
us Robinsons do the best breeding in the fall, around hog killing time.  
So keep that in mind when you mount your new bride to make me a grand 
yungun."
	Harold cringed at what his mother was saying as well as the way 
she said it.  She next wanted to speak to his wife Helen.  He passed 
the phone to his new bride and stood by as they talked.
	His mind wandered back to the family house and how he yearned to 
get away from that farm, his family and their rural lifestyle, which 
was bound in superstition and folklore.  
	Harold mentally patted himself on the back for his good fortune 
of getting a college scholarship and being able to live away from home 
enough to rid himself of the Hill Billy accent he once had.
	He was the smallest of the eight sons his mother had.  He was a 
bantam weight in the truest sense of the word, even smaller than his 
four sisters, all who could and did beat and whip him occasionally as 
they grew up.  His brothers were also not to kind to him either, 
primarily because his mother use to protect him from the harder farm 
work that the others did and were better built to do.  She called him 
her runt of the litter.  In fact he hated his nick name "Runt" given 
him by his family.
	"Your mom is quite interesting and quaint."  Helen said to Harold 
as she hung up from her conversation with her mother-in-law.  She 
doesn't sound near as bad you claimed.  I really must meet your 
family."
	I hope you don't have to."  Harold replied in a soft but slightly 
sarcastic manner.
	"I don't believe you sometimes Harold.  Well anyway, your mom was 
insistent that we not start having children until she comes up and 
tells us the Robinson Family tips to good breeding."  Helen chuckled as 
she spoke.
	"Yes, she said the same to me.  I'd never heard of any such 
secrets the whole time I grew up in those back woods.  However, most of 
us kids were born in the Summer, so I guess mother had to be 
inseminated in the Fall."
	"Well any way darling, she made me promise that we wouldn't start 
without her coming up and talk to us first.  She seemed pretty serious 
about this because she said to make sure I call her as soon as I stop 
taking the pill so she can get an idea of when to plan her visit.  She 
wants it to be when I'm close to being most ready to getting pregnant."  
Helen said with her hand on her chin.
	"Well that's one promise I don't want you to keep.  In fact if 
anything, I'd like to have you all nice and preggy well before we see 
mom or dad, if he's coming.  I really don't want either of them coming 
here.  We can go see them."  Harold replied.
	"I think you mean that."
	"I do Helen.  You just don't know how much I've tried to distance 
myself from my family.  They were always making fun of me when I was 
growing up."
	"Well Harold honey, you must not get stuck in the past.  You're 
an adult now.  Anyway, I did promise your mom, I'd let her know and I 
always keep my promises.  Besides, I don't intend to get on the bad 
side of my mother-in-law, who I haven't even met yet."


CHAPTER 2:  A YEAR LATER

	Harold had forgotten all about the promise his lovely wife had 
made to his mother over a year ago.  He'd been concentrating on his new 
research project at work and the only thing else that perturbed him was 
the marital relations between he and Helen.  They both were virgins 
before marriage and she refused to let Harold have sex with her prior 
to the wedding.  They only petted.
	When she and Harold did consummate their marriage sexually on the 
honeymoon cruise, he knew Helen was disappointed at the size of his 
penis and his sexual stamina.
	She'd only snuck peeks at her two brother's genitals and was 
under the misleading assumptions all men had similar size equipment and 
could last as long as she'd heard from her older brother's wife, her 
sister-in-law.
	When Harold didn't meet her expectations, she soon got over her 
disappointment when Harold saved the day by muff diving her to as many 
orgasm as his tongue could do before getting tired.  His pussy sucking 
often had to be done after he tried to give her pleasure with his 
Four-and-a-half inch prick.  Hence, he often had to taste and consume 
his own ejaculate as he sought to please his beautiful bride.
	To avoid tasting his own jism, he changed around such that he'd 
begin sucking her shapely snatch first, get her off at least two times 
and then mount her.  It didn't seem to matter, for that seemed to make 
her need to get off even more.  Therefore he found himself having to 
tongue her to satisfaction and still have his face in the spermy mess 
of his own doing.
	He was keeping her satisfied as best he could, even though he 
knew she really wanted him to become a better cocksman.  She let him 
know in a light hearted way, getting off with a cock was different than 
by a tongue.  "The few times you've done it darling makes your tongue 
action feel even better.  I guess what I'm trying to say is that a good 
cock fucking orgasm, is analogous to baking the cake, and a good after 
fuck suck, really puts the icing on it.  That is, your lapping, and 
sucking makes what's already been built on better."
	Harold noticed that his wife's selection of words were changing 
over the year they'd been married.  When questioned about it, she just 
mentioned that she'd known them all along, but the girls at work used 
them so frequently, she too found herself using them more frequently.
	Helen and Harold went to sexual therapy to see if his performance 
could be improved.  It was, but it was far less than Helen found 
herself desiring of him.  However, she did love everything about him 
and decided that it was not worth breaking up a marriage over.  After 
all, she thought, she'd heard of too many real cocksmen that were only 
good just for sex and not much else including faithfulness.  She knew 
she could count Harold to be devoted and loyal to her.  She knew he 
loved her very much.
She resigned herself to her loving devoted Harold and the future 
of him getting her pregnant.  She'd completed her degree requirements 
and knew that it was time to start working on her motherhood degree, as 
she mentally chuckled at her pun.  As she did so, she thought about the 
promise she'd made to her mom-in-law.
She knew her husband was against them coming up, but she thought 
it was time for him to get over being embarrassed at his family.
Without consulting him, she called his mom.  They had a good long 
talk and the date was set for them to arrive.  Helen had gotten her 
pre-pregnancy physical and had stopped taking her pill just two days 
ago.  Her OBGY had estimated that the residual effects of the birth 
control should subside in about 5-6 weeks.  Harold's mom was scheduled 
to arrive in about four weeks and wanted to spend about four weeks with 
her and Harold.  Again Helen committed them doing so without Harold's 
knowledge.  She figured it couldn't do that much damage.

CHAPTER 3:  THE FAMILY ARRIVES

	"Helen, one of the first things to successful breeding is good 
stock.  Now I brought along Jed, Harold's older brother who has sired 
several yunguns and has proven himself.  Show her yo quipment."  Her 
mom-in-law shouted to her son.
	Helen, totally embarrassed at what Harold's mom was suggesting as 
well as Jed exposing himself without question.  She tried not to look 
at his exposed genitals, but something in her not only made her look 
back, but soon she was staring at the marvelous well formed manhood 
that hung between his muscular legs.  His penis was at least eight 
inches long and with a sizeable girth.  Very much a better specimen 
than her poor husband, Jed's brother.
	All my boys got good baby making tools cept Harold.  That's why I 
wanted to talk to y'all so you'd have a good breeding.  With Jed 
helping Harold out, you'd be mated and mounted properly, which I 
suspect you ain't had since you been hitched."
	Helen felt weak in the knees.  Harold's mother's idea was 
certainly logical, and she was right about her son.  He really hadn't 
"mounted her properly" since they were married.  She knew she shouldn't 
even be thinking that it was all right to get pregnant from her 
husband's brother, but the more she thought about it, the less 
resistant she became to the idea, especially as she had her eyes locked 
on the sizeable manhood before her and her mind running overspeed 
trying to imagine what it feel like to be filled, stretched, fucked and 
flooded by it.

CHAPTER 4: HAROLD FINDS OUT

	Later that evening, when Helen revealed to Harold about the 
affair with his brother and him how she'd weakened and submitted to 
temptation and done as his mom had wanted, Harold went ballistic.
	"Helen!  H-How could you do this to me?"
	"I know it was wrong darling.  But at the time it seemed oh so 
right.  And with your mother there encouraging me, I gave in.  And 
Harold, you know what?"
	"What?"
	"The more I think about it, the less I see wrong with what 
happened."
	"What?"
"Your brother gave me a moment of ecstasy I've never had before and 
which you're unable to do for me.  So what really happened is that he's 
just giving you some brotherly assistance, nothing more.  It's not like 
he's some stranger I picked up to do me."  Helen spoke confidently.
	Harold, rather than try to confront her logic was too emotional 
to deal with the facts, instead he just wanted to lash out against what 
his he saw an intrusion by his family.
	His mother knew her son would be upset, but she was prepared for 
that eventuality.  
	"Mother!  I-I can't believe you caused this too happen."  Harold 
said to his mother in an irate tone of voice.  "And Jed!  You're my 
brother!  H-How could you do this to me!"
	"It was easy, especially with your wife being so pretty."  
Harold's brother replied, who was also sitting nearby.
	"Harold dear, I understand you're upset.  And yes, I started all 
this.  Lets go out on the patio and talk.  The fresh air will do you 
good.  Your face is flush."
	The two went out and only after a few moments of discussion, her 
son's mood radically changed as he became more subdued and less 
belligerent in his manner and tone of voice.
	"M-Mother... H-How d-did you find out..."
	"I had a little money from a few years ago when the soybean 
prices went right through the roof.  I'd been wanting to know how you 
were doing away in school.  So I got me a private detective to find 
out.  That's when he learned that you were sharing an apartment with 
this homosexual fellow who dressed like a woman.  Now he didn't know if 
you were gay or not, but he found out there were rumors that this here 
he-she, I believe Rose Marie is the name, sucked you off when you 
needed it.  I must admit, this picture of the fellow does look nice for 
a fake woman.  Did you take him to bed?"
	"I-It was not what it seems."  Replied Harold in a shaky voice.
	He went on to explain to his mom how he was desperate for a cheap 
place to stay and how Robert Nelson, a.k.a., Rose Marie, gave him a 
break on the rent.  The only stipulation was that Harold would let him 
suck his cock a few times a month.  
"I-I was desperate for a place mother... a-and it seemed l-like a 
good arrangement at the time.  Beside, I'd known him before I 
discovered he liked dressing as transvestite, that is in women's 
clothes.  It wasn't like he was a total stranger. Besides, he only had 
the urge to do me when he was dressed up.  He would always tell me it 
was no fun dressing up if he didn't get a little cock from a man once 
in a while.  He said it heightened the feminine experience to serve a 
man while dressed in drag, that is in women's clothes."
	Harold and his mom continued to talk about his past.  She let him 
know that it would be there secret, but that she would not only tell 
his wife and the other family members, but the company he worked for, 
if he went against her plans to help him.
	"Y-You w-wouldn't..." Her son stammered in disbelief at what he 
was hearing.
	His mother assured her son she'd do whatever it took to ensure 
she had healthy grandkids and to help him keep his wife happy and 
marriage together.
	Harold was devastated at his mom's determination to subjugate him 
to her will.
They next moved to his mother's idea of his brothers being a 
surrogate father for he and Helen's kids.
	"With you being the runt of my litter, I didn't know if you were 
gay or not and I shore didn't want my grand yunguns to come up that 
way.  I told yo Paw what I was up to and he fully approved.  He's the 
only other one that knows about what the detective found out. He also 
said you were a mama's boy.  You know how he is.  And you really are, 
that's why I had to do what I could to help you get your family off to 
a good start.  But now, I suspect that since yo wife done sampled Jed's 
cock, she ain't gonna be totally satisfied with just your little thing, 
no more.  Now here's my plan to save your marriage and keep this 
beautiful girl your wife."
	Harold sat down in the lawn chair and almost felt like crying as 
his mom laid out her scheme to ensure that his wife Helen was bred 
properly.  He'd been concerned about his wife finding another man to 
give her what he couldn't.  That is, using her analogy, to bake the 
cake the way she wanted it, so to speak.  But based on what he'd heard 
from his wife and now from his mother, he knew his mom was probably 
right, he didn't think he could come close to competing with his 
brothers or the other Robinson men in the manhood department.
	Harold knew that his only hope to keeping his wife, if it wasn't 
too late, was to do as his mother was proposing, even if for the wrong 
reason his mom was talking about.  That is, that breeding requires good 
breeding stock.  The implication being that he, her son, was not good 
breeding stock.
 He truly hated it, but he had to give his mother credit for her 
scheme.  It would raise no outside suspicion and not jeopardize either 
his wife's or his careers and they would have the family they wanted.  
Children that would all look like Robinsons.

CHAPTER 5:  IMPLEMENTING MOTHER'S PLAN
	
	"Helen, I-I, well, after talking with mom, have reconsidered what 
she is proposing, a-and have agreed to s-support her plan.  T-That is 
if y-you're willing to go along w-with it."  Harold said stammering as 
he hung his head as he spoke to his wife.  His brother and mother were 
both present.
	"Harold darling, you're so wonderful and understanding.  Yes 
darling I accept.  I'll gladly let all the Robinson men help us by 
breeding me to ensure we have healthy strong babies."  His wife's words 
were like burning embers in his shorts, but all Harold could do was 
accept the situation he found himself in.  He mentally cursed his 
association with the TV Rose Marie, a.k.a., Robert Nelson.
Minutes later after kissing her husband on the cheek, she led his 
brother Jed back to the bedroom for some more of what he'd given her 
earlier.
	"She's taken to it like a fish to water."  Harold's mom 
commented. The lusty look on Helen's face was evident to everyone in 
the room, much to Harold's chagrin and embarrassment.
	"M-Mother, surely, I-I will at least h-have a c-chance to help 
make her pregnant too, w-won't I?"  Harold softly asked of his mother 
who was definitely now the power broker in his marriage and his 
bedroom.
	"Son, just as I told your wife, and just like on the farm, we 
only breed good stock.  I know it hurts, but no, as the runt of my 
litter, I don't think it's a good idea for you to be the real daddy of 
any of your yunguns."
	His mother's words caused Harold the greatest hurt and shame all 
at the same moment. His tears came easily now as he got up and walked 
away.
	Harold's mom stayed with Harold and Helen for over a month.  Jed 
only stayed a week and then left, but he was replaced by another of 
Harold's brothers - Johnny.  This arrangement where another brother and 
also any uncles or cousins would spend a week with Harold and his wife, 
especially in bed with his wife, went on until Helen proudly announced 
that she was pregnant.
	During this time, Harold was relegated to using condoms, when he 
was able to have intercourse at all, with his wife, who now basked in 
all the dreamy sex she was getting from the other Robinson men.  She 
confided to her husband that his in-laws were great cocksmen and made 
getting inseminated all that much more fun.
	Other times when not able to have intercourse with his wife, who 
was busy opening her legs for other members of his family, Harold 
simply had to jack off.  To his further humiliation, his mother would 
not hesitate to ask him at the breakfast table if he had done so from 
time to time.
	"Harold honey, I know you're a little downtrodden about how 
things are going, but if you look at it from the way your mom is, we're 
giving our kids a good start and precluding the possibility you might 
have some malady in your genes that might cause them a health problem.  
You know because of her saying you were the... well I won't say it, but 
you know what I mean."  Helen said to her dejected browbeaten husband.
	"I-I understand Helen.  I've been called Runt in the last few 
weeks more times that in the last eight years."  Harold sighed as he 
looked at his lovely wife and held her soft hand.  He let her know that 
he could detect that she now had a rosier glow each day, which he 
attributed to all the good sexing she was getting from his kin.

CHAPTER  6: THE ROOT CELLAR

"Harold, give me and Pa a tour of your fancy root cellar."
	"Mother, It's a wine cellar, not a root cellar.  Sure I'll show 
you."  Harold replied in a not so cheerful mood after coming home from 
a grueling day at the office.
	"This is a nice cellar."  Harold's father said.
	"Yeah, the previous owner really had a fall out shelter here 
below the basement.  I had new stairs put in and the roof and the walls 
shored up and sealed.  It's dry and cool."  Harold commented to his 
father.
	"It's quiet too.  Why I bet you can hardly be heard upstairs if 
you shouted, especially when this heavy door is closed."  Harold's dad 
said as he pointed to the heavy door that the previous owner had 
installed.
"Harold, we really wanted to talk to you, that's why we asked you 
to bring us down here.  You see son, we don't like your attitude.  You 
seem sour about the good deed we're doing for you."  His mother said.
	"Yeah son. We just wanted to make sure your wife gets a proper 
mating from the best Robinson stock." Harold's father added.
	"H-How can I be happy about all of this.  Y-You two are 
blackmailing me a-and to m-make matters worse, y-you've turned my wife 
against me.  S-She thinks what you two are saying is alright.  I-I know 
she likes their b-bigger cocks b-but..."
	"No buts son, this is for your own good and the good of the kids 
we're making sure you two have."  His mother said cutting him off.
	"Your mother's right son, your attitude stinks, plus, it sounds 
like to me you're ungrateful for all the trouble we done went through 
to help you and your marriage."
	"That's right baby, Helen also tells us you've been less 
affectionate and don't seem to wantta suck her pussy like you been 
doing before.  She'd like you to do it after your brother mates her, 
just the same way you did after you shoot your stuff in her. It makes 
her feel good to be sucked out when she'd sloppy.  You've sucked your 
own cum out of your wife's pussy, what's wrong with sucking your kin's 
cum out?.  What's fair is fair."
	Harold was caught off guard by his mother's statement.  He 
couldn't believe his ears. He was speechless.
	"S-She told y-you that?"
	"Yes she did.  My daughter-in-law and I have grown quite close 
since we've been spending more time together the last week or so.  She 
says you're really a good pussy eater.  I'm proud of you son.  That is, 
that you've found a way to please a woman, even though you don't have 
the sturdy tools like your brothers and the other Robinson men."  His 
mom replied with a subtle sense of motherly pride as she smiled while 
looking at her shamed face son.
	"You know Ma, I ain't never had no urge to suck your pussy."  
Harold's father interjected.
	"That's because you're a full man.  I don't expect you to, 
especially after you done made my thing messy.  But our Harold ain't 
that way.  Nature made him that way to make up for what he ain't got.  
Sucking pussy is alright for him."
	Harold felt like a ton of humiliation had been dumped on him, 
even though done with parental sympathy. He felt two inches high.
	Harold, upset that his wife had revealed what he considered an 
intimate aspect of their marriage, replied angrily to his parents.
	"First, Helen shouldn't have told you all about what we do in the 
bedroom.  Secondly, it's bad enough I've gotten blackmailed into going 
along with your plan mother.  There's no way I'm going to be clean up 
man for all the mess the other Robinson men make."
"Ma, it sorts of sounds like to me that he's not only got a bad 
attitude, but a little sassy too."
	"You know Pa, I was thinking the same thing, and you know what 
the best cure for a sassy yungun is?"
	"Yep, sure do.  And I think Harold here maybe needs some of that 
to clear his mind and appreciate all his folks have done out of the 
goodness of our heart."
	"Well son, that does it.  We done determined you need a little 
attending too.  Pull your pants down.  This here fancy root cellar is 
just as good as the wood shed.  It'll  keep the noise down.  Pa close 
that door and lock it."
	"Pull my pants down,  w-what do you mean?  Father, uh, W-What are 
you closing the door for?"
	Harold snapped his head back toward his Mom who'd walked over to 
him with a roll of duct tape in one hand and her old fashioned, thick 
handle hairbrush in the other.

CHAPTER 7: FEELING UN-SASSY

Harold stood in a corner of the totally dark wine cellar.  His hands 
and ankles were still secure with layers of duct tape, wrapped on by 
his father.
	Harold's naked rear was a massive ache and well bruised from the 
prolonged spanking his mother had given him.
	Her demanding that he stand in the corner to reflect on why he 
was punished was the biggest insult to Dr. Harold Robinson Ph.D., yet 
he was helpless to do otherwise.  His mom had been unmerciful until she 
got him to promise and swear that he'd make no difference in the cum in 
his lovely wife's cunt, that is whether it was his or the other 
Robinson men, when he sucked her pussy.
	His ass cheeks were still aflame as he sought to relieve his 
discomfort by wiggling and shaking as he stood in the corner.  His 
mother has also put a blindfold over his eyes and stuffed his ears.  
The purpose, so he'd not hear her coming back to check on him.  The 
reason, as part of his punishment, he was to recite and count a 
thousands times, the phrase "I will always suck the cum from my wife's 
pussy after other men have fucked her."
	Needless to say, Harold was completely humiliated at having to be 
treated as child, but he knew his options were limited to almost 
nothing.
	The other thing that Harold lamented was his mother letting him 
know that his sisters would be coming by to check on him from time to 
time, when she couldn't, and she'd authorized them to punish him also 
if they felt like he was not being a good cooperative husband, or daddy 
to the kids, whenever they came along.	
	Harold knew he was in a vise and that, cooperation and 
capitulation, to the family plan being imposed on him was really his 
only way out.
	
CHAPTER 8: A TENDER MOMENT

	"Honey that was nice of you and your mom to agree that your 
father could help out too.  He's so nice."
	"W-What are you talking about Helen?"
	"You know, him sexing me last night while you and your mom were 
in the wine cellar.  He said you two thought it was a good idea for him 
to come fuck me too, especially your mom, since it would take the edge 
off his randiness and she wouldn't have to work so hard to please him 
later when they went to bed.  You really do have wonderful parents.  I 
don't care what you say about them Harold."
	Harold again outmaneuvered, looked bewildered and could only 
shake his head at his wife's revelation that his own father had fucked 
her too.  To make matters worse, since he had to suck his wife's messy 
slimy sloppy twat before he could get some, that meant he'd also eaten 
his father's spent semen too.
After the incident of the severe paddling his mom gave him, 
Harold was nevertheless pleased to be in more frequent intimate contact 
with his wife's sex, even if it only meant eating her out more often, 
and even it he'd been literally beaten into doing so.  
	The routine was pretty much set. After bringing her to bed 
shaking orgasms with his tongue and in the process, clean up her sloppy 
jism saturated cunt, his wife would carefully watch him put on a condom 
and ensured that it was still on as he, her husband, sexed her for up 
to four minutes, which was about the maximum he could hold out before 
coming. 
Again Harold felt so un-respected by his wife as she insured that 
he didn't have an opportunity to share in the baby making that  other 
members of his family would be contributing to.
His wife wasn't that responsive as he worked toward his sexual 
relief, and basically laid there unmoving as Harold stroked himself in 
her.  
	In fact Harold could tell that his wife's cunt hole had been even 
more stretched in such a short period of time, that he was sure that if 
it hadn't been, he wouldn't have lasted as long as he did.  It also 
didn't help matters that she told him that she could hardly feel him as 
he labored to sex her after his brothers', and occasionally his father, 
much more stout and robust cocks had paved the way before him.
	

CHAPTER 9: ICING ON THE CAKE

	"Honey, you've added to my glow too.  You know, buy putting the 
icing on the cake.  Remember what I said about how you sucking my pussy 
adds another dimension to the good feeling I get from sex?"
	Her husband remembered well what she was talking about. He hated 
to be reminded that all he was good for now was lapping her bruised 
well fucked cunt lips and sucking out the fuck juices made and left 
their by better men, his father, brothers and uncles.
	Doing pussy clean up provided Harold an opportunity to at least 
have more opportunity to be near his wife intimately than the few times 
he was able to have normal intercourse with her, which was rather 
infrequent, maybe once every two weeks.  But by doing clean up, her 
luscious pussy was available for his tongue almost daily, as  his 
mother and the other Robinson men liked the idea of him keeping his 
wife's cunt freshened up between each time they shot their huge wads of 
jism and flooded Helen's cunt.  Each large load they shot off made a 
mess.  Harold's mouth was useful and it also added to his wife's 
pleasure at the same time. 
	Once when they were alone, Harold's wife made a revelation him.
	"Harold honey, you're an incredible husband.  I adore you so much 
for giving me a fantasy some women only dream of."
	"What are you talking about Helen?"  
	"You know, about me being basically a slut, but all under the 
safety and respect of your family.  I know at first you were not into 
what your family proposed, but I've really been impressed by your going 
along with them breeding me in order to ensure we have healthy little 
Robinsons, and to compensate for your shortcomings.  Thank you 
darling."
	Harold, again hurt by well meaning words for the countless time, 
and hurt very much by this whole scene and situation he found imposed 
on him, knew that it was no use to complaining anymore.  His philosophy 
now, accept what you can't change, or as he mentally thought, `If you 
can't beat `em, you might as well join `em'.
	"Helen, as you said, I was against this whole arrangement, but I 
have to admit, and I really I very much hate to admit, that it has b-
been good for you... a-and I know your sexual well being is important.  
You know I truly love you."
	"I know you do darling.  And I realize you've had to put your 
pride on the shelf, but that really shows what a good man you are."
	"Thanks Helen, t-that means a lot to me."
	"You will always be my prince charming, even though I want and 
need you sucking my pussy after your father, brothers, uncles and 
cousins fuck me.  You will still be the man I adore, no matter that 
you'll have to use rubbers while the other Robinson men will have my 
pussy unencumbered, hot and wet, skin to skin, while they breed me."
	"P-Please Helen, p-please don't say anymore.  I-I get the 
picture."
	"Oh I'm sorry honey, I didn't mean to come across rudely.  Please 
forgive me."  His wife rolled over toward him as they lay in bed.  She 
kissed and hugged her downtrodden husband.  "Sweetie, you know I don't 
mean too hurt you, no matter how the words come out.  Just remember I 
love you."
	Harold, knew that he couldn't get angry at his wife, even for the 
stale semen flavored kiss from sucking his own father's cock. 

EPILOGUE:

	Robinson men folks are always stopping over at Harold's house, as 
many are truck drivers, eleven in fact, including several cousins and 
uncles.  They all made it a point to stop over and service Helen while 
Harold baby-sit the kids of their growing family.
	Helen, however, always insisted that her husband come in and put 
the "icing" on the cake that the other Robinson  men baked.  He 
continues to be humiliated at doing so, especially in the presence of 
his kin, but he did what he promised his mother as well to do what he 
could to please the woman he loved.  He always does a quality job of 
orally cleaning up the slimy mess that is constantly being made In her 
well fucked cunt.  He indeed swallows a lot of thick frothy fuck cream 
from his wife's well stretched gash.
Several times, Helen went away on trips with her in-laws and left 
Harold at home to take care of their growing brood, now numbering four. 
Harold was trying to dissuade his wife from having another baby, but 
she seemed keen on the possibility of one or two more. 
Whenever she was away, he was often under the watchful eye of his 
sisters, mother, or some other demanding Robinson woman who came to 
oversee him.  They kept a keen eye out to ensure he was a faithful, 
devoted daddy and took care of the kids.  If they felt he wasn't being 
a good parent, out came the hairbrush and Harold's rear would show 
their displeasure.  Also, during these time when his wife was away 
being sexed by better Robinson men, Harold was only allowed supervised 
masturbation.  The only other real sex he got was when his matronly 
overseers demanded he sucked their twats, which was often.  This was 
also his wife's only approved way for him to have sex when she was away 
being fucked by other Robinson men.
 One time she was gone for four weeks and came home pregnant with 
their third child.
		Harold resigned himself to the fact that his role as head 
of the family was strictly a figurehead one, which his wife quickly 
reminded him of when it seemed he forget.  She also was quick to remind 
him that his in-laws, the sires of their children had a big say so in 
whether or not she was to get pregnant again.
At the Robinson family reunions, which Harold hates going to, his 
wife gets a terrific sexing at these occasions, gang bang style.  
Harold has to be content with sucking many, many loads of fresh 
Robinson dick cream from her more than well used snatch. Harold, 
literally stands by while the other Robinson men use her to their 
hearts content.  His wife loves theses events.
 Also, during the reunions, Harold is made to wear a frilly 
pinafore apron and work in food preparation, the same as the women, 
which further diminishes his stature as a man in the Robinson 
clan/family.  The Robinson women, feeling pity for his wife, encourage 
their well endowed husbands to help Harold out, that is by urging them 
to fuck his wife.  While at the reunions, Harold is forced to put his 
tongue to good use lapping up many Robinson women's sperm saturated 
pussies, other than his wife's.  The other Robinson women adore him for 
orally servicing their well fucked hairy muffs. 
	Harold, despite all he's been through, and knows he will continue 
to experience and be humiliated by, knows that his wife really cares 
for him.  However, he's discovered that she enjoys the sexual power she 
holds over him.  He knows his place now, and his wife, mother, and the 
family constantly remind him of it.

      			###END###

Like these type fictional stories? Send comments or future 
story ideas to CDE at ccwriter@hotmail.com




