TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright  April 2006 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for profit.  This story may be freely distributed for personal use with this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(M+/F, MF, Impreg, FemDom)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Title: SUE at Home
Author: C.D.E.


AUTHORS NOTE: This is a take off type sequel on a story written by an Internet author named Danny.  Its entitled Sues Pretend Affairs. See Darkwanderer.net (free site: look under Authors for Danny).  I was so impressed by his style I decided to do an extension of his story, and to see, hopefully, if I could capture the tone and mood of the original tale.  


CAST:

Sue  Wife
Sam  Husband


	If you recall from my earlier account of my faithful wifes exploits, which I titled Sues Pretend Affairs, Sue was pregnant with our fourth child.  She has since delivered us a strapping healthy boy.

	As with our other three children, this baby did not resemble me either, but rather, someone in Sues family line.  Sue requested that we name our newest family member in honor of her deceased family relation. 

Again, as with our other three children, the relative he favored was not living, and again, there were no photographs available of him either.  Its really a good thing that Sue and her mother were able to remember what the relative looked like.

Sue also confirmed that one of her men friends also resembled the deceased relative and also had the same first name as the relative.  WOW!  Speaking of coincidences, thats the fourth time this has happened now with our kids.

Of course these can only be coincidences since I know Sue has been faithful to me and that the baby is biologically mine.

We named our newest bundle of joy Robert.  Sues male friend named Bob, who does strongly favor our little Robert, was also amazed at the resemblance.  He could only chuckle at the coincidence as he shook my hand and congratulated me on our new family addition.

He and Sue were going out to an event, but before they left she asked me to take a picture of Bob, her, and our little Robert.

I baby sat the kids that night, as Bob and Sue were going to a social event that was sponsored by his company.  Only company personnel and their spouses, or other close friends, could attend.  As Bob only had one extra ticket, he invited Sue.

A world famous pianist was going to be at the recital, and Sue had wanted to see this artist for sometime.  Like her, I saw this as a lucky break for her to see the musician.  All I had to do was be the baby sitter for the evening.

I really didnt mind, plus I really felt better knowing that Sue was with somebody that she knew and trusted and who would she that she got home safely. She assured me Bob was the perfect gentleman.

Sue is really lucky to have so many trustworthy friends.  Personally, I wish more of them were females, like many wives have.  Oh well, I guess we cant have everything our way.

 Since this was Friday night, I knew Sue wouldnt be back until the wee hours of the morning, that is unless she didnt feel like coming back until sometime the next day.

After getting the kids to bed, I went to work cleaning up the kitchen.  As I was doing the dinner dishes, I smiled at how much Sues men friends were saving me by inviting her out on these social outings. This was the third time shed been out this week with one of her many platonic men friends.  However, as I thought about it, shed been invited out three times last week also.

About 3:30 AM Sue woke me up with a kiss.  Her breath not only reeked of the that fake jism she constantly uses to tease me with, along with her phony acts of adultery, but I quickly recognized the slimy, but palatable taste of it as she gave me a deep, tongue probing, French kiss.

Just think Sam, I sucked Bobs big dick in the driveway before coming in and you just tasted his cum.  Sue giggled as she began to strip off her dress.  As usual, it was all she was wearing.  I knew she left wearing a bra and panties, but I knew shed taken them off before coming home to heighten her teasing of me.

Yeah sure, just like the cunt full of his cum you want me to suck out next, right?  I replied with a bit of a yawn from my dozing state. I knew my wife was lying about the blow job.  You see, Sue doesnt suck me off, so I know shes not doing it for others

Yes darling, as before, I want you to eat my lovers  fuck juices from my wet messy pussy, where his dick has been for the last couple of hours.  My wife replied in a husky sensuous tone as she straddled my face with her soggy slimy muff.

OOOOOOH!  YESSSSSS!  Eat my sloppy snatch! Sue shouted.

Please darling, youll wake the baby!  I whispered loudly after disengaging my mouth from her oozing gaping twat lips.  

I constantly have to remind her of her loudness.  She seems to get quite a thrill out of pretending Im eating a real cream pie she and her imaginary lovers make.  I say that, because she usually ends up putting her hand across her mouth to muffle her joy, as she continues to ride my head, and grind her wet messy snatch against my face and flitting tongue and sucking lips. 

Aaiiiiieeeeeeee!  When I heard that familiar sound, I knew that I was once again successful in helping my vivacious, but kinky wife get off.


THE NEXT MORNING

Really Sue, youre going to have to stop using such a big dildo to stretch yourself in trying to fool me about your imaginary lover.  Besides possibly hurting yourself, you were so stretched, I had to work against one side of your pussy to make good rubbing contact. I commented to Sue at breakfast the next day.  It was Saturday morning.  The kids, except the baby, who was asleep, were watching TV in another room.

	Honey, all my lovers have much bigger cocks than you.  Im afraid youll just have to make do with what they leave for you, or jack off to get off.  She said sweetly with a smile.

	Knowing she was of course teasing me and trying to get me riled up, I sighed at her failure to be honest with me.  She sensed my seriousness and came over and embraced me.

	Aw baby, you know I didnt mean to hurt you.  I was only teasing as I usually do.  If my pussy is a little stretched too much next time, Ill jack you off darling.  She said with that innocent look that she knew would get forgiveness from me.

	How about a blow job instead?  I replied quickly, hoping to get quick agreement from her for something shes never done.

	Certainly not!  What kind of woman do you think I am?  I give blow jobs all the time to my pretend lovers because they see me as their pretend slut.  But to you, Im your wife, a real lady, not a real tramp.  Real ladies dont suck their real husbands pricks.  Now apologize to me this instance!

	I-Im sorry Sue. I didnt mean to get you angry.  I mumbled softly. I felt cowed by her sudden outburst.

	Apology accepted darling.

	Sue, I know that fake cum, or whatever youre using is edible, and it hasnt harmed either of us, but you must buy it by the quart.  I mustve swallowed at least a pint of it just this week alone.  You sure put a lot of it in your pussy, after youve come in from your outings with your friends.  I said irately.

	Honey, you know what a turn on it is to me to make you think Im cheating.  You know, and I know, its only  make believe.  It helps our life and marriage from becoming so hum drum.  Dont you think?  After all, I noticed how hard you are after I feed you my sloppy cunt.  And we both know that youve even come in your pants from me telling you about some of my fantasy adventures.  Remember the one  where I let your co-workers pull a train on me at the company Christmas party not too long after we were married?

	How well I remember.  I couldnt believe how many times you literally dragged me to some secluded spot so I could kneel and suck your oozing drippy snatch out. I cant believe the extent you went to make me think you were fucking each man you went off with.  That gunky goo was really streaming out of your gaping pussy. You mustve used almost a pint of that fake jism just that night alone, and I dont know where you couldve hidden such a big dildo.  All you carried to the party was one of those small cocktail purses.

	Ill give you a hint.  You ever thought of an inflatable dildo?  And by the way honey, you did eat a lot of fresh fuck juices that night. You really made my pussy feel good."

	Why of course... an inflatable one, that would explain... but Sue, why do you go to such extremes? We dont need such antics to keep our love life and marriage vibrant.

	Sam darling, I was a virgin when I married you and the only man Ive had sex with.  Many women have had several boyfriends by the time they get married.  Now that Im your wife, I dont intend to cheat on you in real life, so Im making up for not fucking other guys before marriage, through make believe.

	My wifes explanation was lucid and logic.  I could only quietly marvel at the simplicity and brilliance of her approach.

	Or Sam, do you want me to make up for loss time by doing it for real?  You know how easily I get pregnant.  If I did that, you might have many more kids calling you daddy.

	No-No, of course not.  I see your point. I-I guess I never thought of it the way youve put it.  But speaking of kids, when our oldest daughter was born the next September, you kidded me that my boss might be the real father.  That is, since he was the only one you didnt ask to use a rubber.  That really hurt then Sue, since you know I have yet to have sex with you without using a condom. 

	Now darling, you know weve been through this all before.  No matter how you look at it, condoms are the most economical and safest, from a health perspective, of all contraceptives, even though weve had an occasional leak or four.  Sue replied, with a smirk and a giggle at her remark.

	I know we have, but you know its a sore point with me and especially the way you weave it into your fantasies makes the situation worse.  It was bad enough youd even tease me about letting my jerk of a boss be a recipient of your charms, on a flesh to flesh basis at that.  And even worse was when you included Kevin in the same role at the next Christmas party, when you fantasized about fucking a lot of men at the party. That really upset me.  I really hate that asshole braggart and all his talk about his many bedroom conquests, especially those about married women.  But at least he has guts enough to admit that he hasnt conquered you yet, even though you two go out frequently.  He tells everyone youre like a sister to him.

	I know you too arent exactly chummy with him, but hes fun to go out with.  My wife replied with a smile I found puzzling.

 	Sue, You know it really tortures me to even think that another man could be having sex with you, let alone unencumbered by a latex shield wrapped around his tool.  However, you still throw it in my face through your tales.

	Is that why you got so hard and came in your pants?

If you hadnt been rubbing me so hard, I wouldnt have come so soon.

	I just barely touched you and the next thing I know youd made a mess.  Hee Hee.

	Ok, make fun of me.  But seriously Sue, I hope youre not sharing any of these make believe fantasies with any of your guy friends, especially with my dumb ass boss and Kevin or any of your other friend guys at my company you occasionally go out with.

	Of course not, they are for OUR amusement and erotic excitement only.  Why do you ask?  Sues emphasis on the word our made me feel a bit more secure about things.

	I dont know Sue, maybe Im paranoid, but it seems sometimes that people whisper behind my back at work whenever my boss or Kevin walk by.  I know those two cant be trusted to hold a glass of water, much less keep something as secret as any of your potent fantasies.

	Im sure youre being paranoid darling. Ive only shared with your co-workers that your boss and Kevin resembled my deceased relatives, you know, those our two oldest children favor, and also that your boss and Kevin just happen to have the same first names as my two relatives.  Other than that, Ive not told them nothing else of a personal nature.

	Im glad about that. 

	After all, I know youre sensitive about me pretending to being such a slut, as well as having had four babies from other men, while you have yet to have me raw.

	There you go again.  And, no I dont think of you as a slut.  Thats been your idea all along.  Youre the one getting off on these erotic fantasies, not me.  I just want to be your husband, thats all.

	You are dear, and a wife couldnt ask for a better more devoted and loving, faithful spouse.  Just because I have platonic relationships with other men, who may be more handsome or taller or better built than you, there is no reason why I cant fantasize a little bit, especially if it adds excitement to our already delightful marriage.

	Oh Sue, I-I guess youre right, but even though youve convinced me youre completely faithful and trustworthy, its the perceptions other get by your platonic social dates with other men.  You know how people gossip.

	Honey, weve discussed this time and time again, let them gossip.  As long as we two know whats going on, forget those folks with small dirty minds.  Its you I love. My men friends know the truth and they respect how secure you are about your role as my loving husband. You know that Im yours totally.

	Sue walked over and embraced me and gave me one of her world famous open mouth tongue touching kisses.

	Im so lucky to have you as my husband.  You are the husband of my dreams. You dont feel insecure about our relationship do you darling?

	Of course not Sue, its just that your teasing sort of gets to me at times, especially when were at parties.

	You know I like to be lively.  I like to be fun and a party animal, thats why I sit on the guys laps and let them rub my behind or between my thighs, or greet or say goodbye to them with juicy kisses.  You know I like to be warm and affectionate to people.  But like Ive told you many, many times, a little innocent flirting, such as I do, doesnt make me a wanton woman.

	I know it doesnt Sue honey, but its the perception that others have.  You know how all the other fellows wives talk.

	Let them.  Remember what I said about people with small minds.

	RINNNNG! The phone cut into our conversation.

	Will you get that honey while I clear the dishes from the table?  Sue asked.


	Hello!

	Uh, Ok.

	Sue! Its for you.  I called out to my wife.  It was one of her many men friends who felt quite comfortable calling her at home.  I recognized his voice, but didnt know his name.  He also volunteered no name.

	Hello! ... Hi!  Good to hear from you too.  Spoke Sue as she took the cordless phone and walked away to talk to her caller in private.

	I cringed thinking about what far fetched thing shell come back later and tell me after her conversation with her bass voice caller. 

	At least this caller was more polite than some  of my wifes male friends. Its not unusual for Sues men friends to call and leave risqu messages. If one of the kids answer the phone and Sue is not around, sometimes the male callers will ask to speak to me.  Ive come to the conclusion that these are joke calls that my wife has put her male friends up to, that is, in order to make me feel jealous of her pretend cheating. They say such things as: Tell the bitch my dick is hard.  I need some of her fine ass. Tell her to come by and see me so she can ride my dick.  Tell her Big Elmo called.

I dont interrogate the many men who call my wife, many of whom I work with.  You see, she likes to see me jealous.  To avoid that, I simply ignore her activities since I know theyre just pretend.  By doing so, I take the wind out of her sail, so to speak. I try not to act jealous, so as to let her know that Im beyond that.  Im really not, but I try to act otherwise.

Sure, my wifes tales are erotic and even get me aroused, but Im not sure I like the idea of her being the gang-bang slut star of them.  Im telling you, she really comes up with some doozies.

From the time we were engaged, my wife seems to never tire from trying to make me jealous of her, as she pulls off her various antics of make believe deceitfulness and adultery.

Being the prim and proper lady she was when we met, there was no sex in our 8 months dating relationship until I put a ring on her finger.

Now that youve made a commitment to our relationship, I feel its proper for us to further bond and explore ways to relieve our sexual tensions.  Sue said to me on the night I slipped the engagement ring on her pretty finger.

I though for sure Id be getting into her panties within hours after doing so, but that was not to be.  Sue had other ideas.

To say I lacked sexual experience would be an understatement.  I was still virginal.  Id tried to have intercourse as an adolescent, but was too nervous to get an erection.  The girls laughter at what she considered my small prick didnt help matters either.  

For the first couple of months of our engagement, my fiancee only let me feel and suck her delicious tits, nothing else.  I went home after many of our dates with blue balls and had to jerk off for relief.

Sue always noticed the tent in my pants and would always teased me about it.  She was insistent in knowing when I jacked off after our dates.

Since we now committed to each other, only now would I divulge such a private revelation to her.  Shed always giggled and hug me as she praised me for being so sweet to be doing that because of her.  I wondered at times why she seemed so delighted that I was masturbating when she couldve helped me avoid having to do that.

After pleading with her for us to go farther in our bonding, Sue finally agreed for us to advance to more aggressive activities.

Id never heard of the terms going down or eating pussy before, so when Sue suggested, no when I think of it, she told me thats what Id do for her, and shed reciprocate by helping me masturbate for my relief.

Not wanting to appear un-knowledgeable in such matters, I went along with her.  After all, she was so beautiful, and any more intimate activity with her had to be better than what I was doing before.

Sue guided me through my first act of eating pussy and after she praised me for getting her off with my tongue and mouth, my self esteem went to the moon.

Over time, Sue had me giving her head in a variety of positions.  However, her most favorite involved me lying face up so she could gyrate her lovely hot luscious pussy all over my face as I performed oral sex for her.  She really got off with me doing her with my mouth.

It became routine for me to eat her out and then get jacked off in a tissue by her.  That later evolved to her watching me as I jerked off for her.  She would occasionally hold my balls while I did so.  She was so sensuous as she whispered erotic words of encouragement as I pulled my meat and got myself off.

It was sometime after we were engaged that Sue began her episodes of pretend cheating. She would often bring up her fantasy adventures at the moment I was eating her out or when she was helping or watching me jack off.

At first, I was not amused at her fantasizes, but she persisted and I sort of got conditioned to her describing her lurid, make-believe to me. Soon they became a regular part of our sex life, as they did have an erotic effect on me even if I didnt like the thought of my fiancee being the wanton star of her lusty tales.  It was also during this time that I got my first taste of her artificial jism.


Well that all I have time to write about this time. Maybe I'll share more of my woes with my wife's antics in the future.

###THE END###	

