Taken
Fiction: Adult Content
Author: April Firez (February 2007) Aprilfirez@yahoo.com
Editor: Ross Daniels 

Copyright ,, 2007 All rights reserved by April Firez. [Aprilfirez@yahoo.com]
 
I-m not sure what happened. I was at a friend-s place enjoying some drinks and the next thing I knew I was waking up in a cold cement room. It looked like a basement: dark, small, with a bone-chilling dampness. I felt dizzy, but as my senses slowly came back, I realized I couldn-t move. I had been strapped to a table--the kind you find in a doctor-s examining room--and I was naked, except for my panties. I had no idea how long I-d been there. But as my mind cleared, I realized I must have been drugged and kidnapped. I struggled against the straps that held me in place, but I was bound so tightly, all I could move was my head, and only barely from side-to-side. It felt like hours as I lay there cold, scared, and unable to free myself. All I could do was lie there and wonder who drugged me, who brought me here? 
I-m not a stupid girl, so I had an idea what was probably going to happen. But that didn-t stop my mind from running wild with horrible thoughts. I had been taken, kidnapped, stripped, and strapped to a table with my legs spread and arms pulled above my head. Someone had drugged me and brought me here to be used somehow. 
Is this some kind of crazy doctor-s experiments?" I thought to myself, Or am I going to be raped . . . or worse." I had no idea if I would ever leave this terrible place alive, and my body began to shake uncontrollably from cold and fear as tears started trickling from the corners of each eye. 
A sudden loud bang, followed by the sound of keys opening a lock, brought me back to my senses. My heart was beating so fast I thought it might explode, as I watched the heavy steel door open. I didn-t know what I expected, but I was surprised, then puzzled, when a young beautiful Asian girl glided gracefully into the room. She couldn-t have been more than fifteen, and she was pushing a cart covered with a white sheet. 
As soon as she noticed I was awake, she motioned for me to be quiet. Behind her I saw another figure, but with the light coming through the doorway I wasn-t able to make out who it was. With her head bowed the girl removed the short silk robe she was wearing and handed it to the person behind her, leaving her completely naked. The door closed quickly with a dull, metallic thud, leaving me alone with this beautiful young girl. Before I could sort out my thoughts and try to figure out why the girl was here, I heard the cylinder of the locking mechanism spring back into place, and I knew that she and I were trapped in this place together. 
She was very beautiful, with a small petite body and not quite five feet tall. Her skin was flawlessly white and smooth; her black hair was long and silky, cascading down almost to her hips. Her breasts couldn-t have been more than a B-cup, and they hinted at how young she was. They were noticeably firm and perfectly shaped. Her nipples were hard and pointed slightly upward. Her hips were narrow and her butt was small but round. 
She stepped away from the cart and walked quietly to my side. Gently, she began to wipe the tears from my face with a soft white cloth she had taken from the cart. Again she motioned for me to be quiet, and then glanced quickly at the door as if to explain why. She looked at me with sad tender eyes as she wiped away my tears. She finally looked away, and began to slide her hands slowly down my body, not stopping until she reached my ankles. I felt her undo the straps and for a moment I thought about taking this opportunity to try and escape. But I quickly thought better of it when I remembered the big heavy door that had both of us locked in. 
I lay there motionless and watched as she put her hand on my stomach and moved it slowly to the waistband of my panties. I started to object but when I saw the pain and fear in her face I stopped and didn-t fight at all when her fingers went under the band and she gently pulled them down and off. She then pulled stirrups out from the table and one at a time gently lifted each of my legs, placing a foot into each stirrup and again strapping my ankles to them. 
I knew I was trapped, and unless whoever was holding me let me go, I was not going anywhere. I thought about fighting and trying to escape, but I couldn-t imagine a way through that door. And even if I could, I was scared of what I might find on the other side. I had absolutely no idea where I was. Out of fear for my own survival and because I hadn-t really been hurt . . . yet anyway . . . I decided it would be better to just go with it. I-d do my best to cooperate with whoever it was that kidnapped me. Maybe if I did what he (or was it they?) wanted from me, perhaps they wouldn-t hurt me and might let me go when they were finished. Of course, I was very worried about what might happen to me by the time they finished." 
By this time, the young girl had fastened my ankles securely into the stirrups and adjusted them until my legs were spread wide and I was totally exposed. I felt the cold air invading me, making me shiver and instinctively strain to somehow recover my modesty. But, of course, I could barely even move my head, let alone my legs. 
Even though I felt as if I were struggling mightily, my body barely moved because I was bound so tightly. About this time, the girl stepped next to me again and I watched as she started turning a crank on the table. With each turn, I could feel the part of the table that was under my legs lower away. She then moved the cart that she brought in to the foot of the table where I could no longer see it. 
I heard the sound of water. Perhaps she was washing her hands; I couldn-t see. I gasped with surprise at the feel of her hand on my stomach. Her hand felt warm and damp on my chilly skin. But her touch was gentle. I could smell a pleasant flowery fragrance that I assumed must have been the soap she had used to wash her hands. 
By now she was near enough to the head of the table that I could see her again. It somehow comforted me to be able to watch what she was doing. I felt even better when I looked up and saw a reassuring, calming look in her eyes. As she continued to look into my eyes, I felt her hand move down over my pussy, gently opening my lips. Her touch in this private place reminded me again of the terrible situation I was in, and my mind raced over all of the things that might happen to me. Helpless, I just laid my head back and looked away, as more tears began to trickle from the corners of both eyes. 
She used her fingers to massage my pussy very softly. Not once did she push inside me. After a pause, I felt her apply some kind of lotion or thick oil over my pussy and massage it into my skin. Soon she explored farther down with the fragrant oil, and it wasn-t long before she parted my butt cheeks and began circling my anus with her fingers. I just closed my eyes again, she continued to apply pressure as I felt her fingers moving between my butt cheeks and touching my anus. I just closed my eyes as she continued to apply pressure until her small finger slipped inside my tight opening. 
She began to move her finger slowly in and out, pushing more and more of the thick oil into me as she did. She put a hand on my stomach again but I didn-t look up this time. I simply laid there and tried to relax to ease my initial discomfort and reflexive resistance to being invaded in this manner. A short time later I felt something other than her finger push up between my cheeks and against my anus. Without thinking I tensed up, but she continued to apply firm pressure. Finally, I felt a slight pain as the object entered me. She pushed it a little deeper to the point I actually felt it begin to narrow. I heard what I found out later was a small hand air pump, and I felt the thing inside my rectum begin to inflate. 
I finally realized that the object that she had put in my ass was the nozzle of a medical enema, the kind with the balloon on the end that you can pump up to keep it from slipping out. She kept pumping it until she felt me tense up again from the pain I was beginning to feel. It was very uncomfortable, and I-m sure she knew it. She tried to comfort me by spreading my pussy open and softly massaging my clit. She certainly knew what she was doing, because her gentle caresses felt so good that I finally relaxed a little. But at the same time I just wanted not to be there. I wished that this whole thing was some terrible dream that I could just wake up from. 
I heard the sound of water again, then saw her lift a large bucket above her head and hang it from a hook on the ceiling. I know she could see the shock and fear in my eyes as I watched her strain to lift it. It must have been one of those five-gallon buckets and from the way she strained to lift it, it had to be full. When I saw the hose extending from the bucket, I sort of panicked, and began to struggle again against my bonds. Seeing the terror in my face, she quickly finished hanging the bucket from the hook and ran to my side. She proceeded to touch me, hold me, doing whatever she could think of to calm me down. Softly, she brushed the hair from my face. 
There-s no way I could ever take that!" I screamed at her, my tears now uncontrollable. I-ll burst from the inside!" I tried my best to push the nozzle out of my butt, but all I managed to do was make it hurt more and exhaust myself with the effort. 
After a bit of fighting the bonds that held me firm, I finally calmed down. I felt completely defeated. I knew then, I was hers to do with whatever she chose to do. Or was it whatever she HAD to do? Then, just as I had dreaded, she stepped away, reached up and turned a small knob that the hose was attached to. I watched as a thick pink liquid slowly trickled into the clear plastic hose. I held my breath as the pink stream moved between my legs and braced myself for what I expected to be the shock of cold liquid. But surprisingly, it was quite warm, almost pleasant as it began to fill me. 
With the apparatus hooked up and apparently operating as it should, the girl returned to my side. This time she was holding a large jar filled with what appeared to be thick, creamy looking grease. She dipped her hand into the jar and brought out a fistful of the fragrant ooze. It smelled so sweet that it was almost nauseating. One handful at a time, she took the grease and spread it on me. Starting from my neck, she moved her hand down, making a thick white line of the substance between my breasts and down over my stomach. When the jar was finally empty, she set it back on her cart and used both hands to spread the grease all over my body and work it into my skin. She kept massaging, moving her hands over my chest and then up each arm. She was very good at what she was doing and after a time I forgot that I was a captive, tied to a table. Instead I just drifted enjoying her gentle touch. 
About this time I began to feel the pressure building inside me from the thick pink liquid that was draining into my bowels. I felt my stomach gurgle and I looked down in embarrassment and surprise to see that my belly expanded to the point where I almost looked slightly pregnant. By this time, the pleasant feeling had disappeared and I began to hurt, cramping from being so full. The girl then put her hand over my belly and pressed softly, making me cramp up even more. She must have determined that I was full enough because, to my relief, she reached over to the bucket and turned the nozzle off. By this time, the cramps had gotten even worse and I wanted nothing more than to expel the liquid. But with that balloon inflated inside me, no matter how hard I pushed, I only felt my muscles cramp tighter. 
I began to cry again from the excruciating pain in my belly, and the girl moved next to me again to wipe away my tears. She leaned over and whispered something in my ear. Her words were in a language I couldn-t understand, but her tone was very soothing. She pressed her body to mine hugging me, and I could see that she, too, had tears in her eyes. She moved her face close to mine and kissed me softly, and I felt a surge of electricity shoot through me when her lips touched mine. She held me for a moment longer, and the feeling of her skin next to mine was deliciously erotic. When she finally relaxed her embrace and moved away, I felt the cool air hit my skin where she had warmed it with her body and chills swept over me. 
I closed my eyes, trying to fight off the pain and cramping from being so full. Suddenly, I felt one end of the table begin to rise until my body was almost in a sitting position. But I kept my eyes closed until I felt her hand on my stomach once again. She was standing next to me, with one hand on my stomach and the other holding the hose that lead from the bucket into my bottom. Then, she looked deeply into my eyes as she turned the valve to release the air from the balloon inside me. The air leaked out slowly with a hissing sound. All the while, she held the hose to make sure it didn-t slip out of me. I could feel the balloon shrinking and as it did I could also feel the liquid starting to leak from me. 
Even though I knew I had no control over what was happening, I couldn-t keep my embarrassment from washing over me as I saw the putrid liquid leaking out down the hose and over her hand. I turned my head so I didn-t have to watch when she pulled the hose from me all at once. If I hadn-t been strapped down to the table I would have doubled over from the pain as everything that was inside me dumped out into a large metal bowl that she had placed on the floor underneath the table. 
Seemingly unfazed by the entire disgusting scene, the girl came to my side once again, holding me tight, hugging me and whispering soothing words I didn-t understand. She held me tenderly the entire time the liquid was draining from me and even afterward, until the pain and cramps finally went away. As best I could tell, it took something more than twenty minutes for all this to happen after she removed the hose from me, although it could have been twice that long because my head was spinning and I-d lost track of time. When the pain finally subsided and my body went limp with both the relief and exhaustion she let me go. 
She then took a soft cloth from the cart and wiped my bottom clean of the liquid. I remember feeling grateful that she would clean me up so gently and meticulously. I-m not certain I could have done as much, if I had been in her place. The girl then put a cover on the metal bowl and placed it on the cart. Finally, she cranked the table back flat and I found myself lying down again. 
In just a few moments, I heard the sloshing of water once again and felt fingers once more pressing against my anus. The girl was rubbing more grease over my bottom, and it wasn-t long before she was able to slip her finger inside me again. . Then, again I felt the tip of the hose being pushed into me and the balloon inflating inside. It went in more easily this time, as the balloon enema and her finger had stretched me a bit. Next came another round of the water, but this time it felt cooler as it started to slowly leak into me. 
I heard her begin to pump the balloon once more, and I could tell she was inflating it even more than before, despite the severe pain I had experienced the first time. It seemed she was determined not only to clean my insides, but to stretch me out at the same time. It wasn-t long before the pain became very intense, but I think I was too tired to fight it by this time, and I simply closed my eyes as the pain overtook me. 
Again the liquid slowly filled me, and again she massaged even more grease into my skin. She repeated the process two more times, and on the final time, my belly was so bloated that I looked pregnant. But she had done her job well, because when the last of the liquid drained from me into the metal bowl, it looked as pink and smelled as fragrant as it did when it entered into me. My insides had been thoroughly cleaned out as if to prepare me for something . . . but what? 
By this time, I was so exhausted and weak that I seemed to be slipping in and out of consciousness. If she had unstrapped me right then and told me to walk out the door to freedom, I don-t think I would have been able to lift myself from the table. I had never in my life felt so completely spent, physically and emotionally. 
I heard the door open again and I watched the girl leave the room with the cart. My eyelids were incredibly heavy, and I-m not sure if I drifted off to sleep or not. I was uncertain how much time had passed, but I was startled back to alertness by the sound of the heavy door clanging open, and then closed once more. In a moment, I could see the girl again, wheeling in another cart. She was still naked, and I noticed when she turned, that she had several bright red hand prints across her bottom. Her cheeks were glistening with tears, and it was obvious she had been punished. 
She looked at me with sad eyes, this time not saying a word. She took cloths, bowls of water and soap from the cart and began to bathe me. Once again, she was gentle but thorough. She carefully washed each finger, one at a time, then moved to my arms, neck, chest, and all the way down to my toes. When she was finished, she knelt between my legs and I heard a soft buzzing sound. I was still too tired to look up to try and see what the sound was coming from, but when I felt her hand pulling the skin over my pussy tight, I felt a sharp sting. 
Shocked back into alertness, I looked up to see what she was doing to me. Her look was intense and sweat was beading up on her forehead. Her face was a picture of concentration as she held a pair of sharp tweezers with a wire that lead to a box on the cart. I recognized the apparatus as an electrolysis machine. I had seen one at the spa where I went occasionally, but had never experienced the sensation of having one used on me. 
I shaved there last night," I hissed at her. Isn-t that good enough for you?" I was getting angrier and angrier at being used this way. It was clear that I was nothing but an object to whoever was in charge here. And now, to my utter humiliation, I realized that my captor was insuring that I would never again be able to grow hair on my mound. I felt totally violated and that something very important and personal was being taken from me, little by little, each time she pushed that hot needle into my tender skin. It must have taken several hours, though the combination of fatigue and pain caused me to lose track of time again. 
One thing I remember very well . . . the needle stung like hell each and every time it touched me. And when she finally finished with my mound and moved farther down to remove the fine hairs around my anus, it felt as if she was setting me on fire. I screamed at her, cursed her, begged and pleaded with her to stop. But she went on with her work without even acknowledging my protestations. When she completed the procedure on my armpits, it was finally over. And everywhere the machine had touched me; it felt like a really bad sunburn. 
Before I knew it, she was between my legs again. But this time I could hear her crying. Her gaze met mine and there was a look of apology in her eyes. But just as I started to relax a bit, thinking that she was through with me, she raised her hand without warning and brought it swiftly down on my tender pussy, slapping me really hard. I screamed with pain, but she simply ignored me. Each time she raised her hand high in the air, and each time she brought it swiftly down on my most sensitive place, made even more sensitive by the hours of torture I-d just endured. Harder and harder each time, she slapped me until I could do nothing but sob from the torture she inflicting on me. 
Then the strangest thing yet happened. After making me endure all that pain, the girl suddenly stopped and rushed to my side. She hugged me tight and pressed her head against my breasts, as streams of tears flowed from both of us. When my breathing had finally returned to normal, she lifted her head from my breast, returned the table to its original position so that my body was once again stretched out fully on it. She pulled my feet out of the stirrups and strapped them again to the table with my legs spread wide. 
Once again she reached for her cart and found another jar of the creamy white grease and once again she massaged it generously into my skin. When she reached my pussy, she took extra care and time. She rubbed the slick concoction over my mound, as if to sooth it from the electrolysis treatment and the slapping. Soon, her fingers began to spread it into my folds, lightly moving up and down, touching my lips and clit with sensuous caresses. 
Her soft touch felt wonderful, especially after the torture I had recently endured. I lay there, luxuriating in her caresses, and finally drifted into unconsciousness once more with the delicious feeling of her hands moving over my skin. I-m not certain whether I passed out or merely went to sleep, and I have no idea how long I was out. 
I was startled back to consciousness once more by the feel of my legs being unstrapped. The girl was trying to roll me over onto my belly. I was too exhausted to resist and to weak to help her. But soon, she had repositioned me face down on the table. As soon as I was in the desired position, she again strapped my ankles to the table with my legs spread painfully wide. Then more grease, this time over my shoulders, back and the sides of my ribcage and breasts. Having ministered to the upper half of my body, she then moved her hands slowly over my bottom and down each leg. Then she came back to my side and with a large handful of grease she spread my ass and wiped it between my cheeks. I could feel it, thick and slippery against my anus. She then scooped up another large handful and applied it to my anus, but this time she pressed her finger inside my rosebud and left it there for a few moments before pulling it out. 
This, apparently, was the girl-s final assignment, as she stepped away from the table and looked me up and down, I assume to make sure that she had not accidentally missed something. Satisfied that she had done her job properly, the girl covered me completely with a soft white sheet, even my head. I could no longer see anything, but I heard her wheeling her cart away and in a moment I heard her knock on the heavy metal door. Soon I heard the door open and the sound of the cart being rolled away. 
Every nerve in my body was on edge by this time, as I wondered what was gong to happen next. I strained to hear any sound, and soon I somehow became aware of another presence in the room. I-m not sure how I knew, whether it was a sound, or maybe even a smell. But I knew someone else was in here with me. The thought made the little hairs on the back of my neck stand up. I heard whispering, as if the girl might be talking with the new person, then I heard light footstepsXprobably those of the girlXmoving to the corner of the room. 
Suddenly, I stiffened as I felt hands move over the back of my legs, and then the cool air as the sheet was raised from my legs and my ass. With my legs spread wide like they were, I was totally exposed and vulnerable to whomever was back there behind me. Again, I felt hands, this time on my bare skin. And these were definitely not the soft gentle hands of the girl. They were large, strong, calloused hands. And they were moving between my legs! Almost in a panic, I strained and jerked and did my best to pull away from the hands, and I was momentarily relieved when they were pulled away. But the relief lasted only a moment and the panic washed over me in waves this time as I heard the sound of a buckle and zipper being undone. 
I knew what was about to happen. I knew I couldn-t do anything about it. All I could do was sob softly as I felt the man lift himself onto the table and position himself between my legs. Soon, his entire weight seemed to be resting on my small body. He was heavy and I struggled to breathe. I could feel his shaft touching me between my legs. It felt warm and hard. And big! He lifted himself a bit with his arms and pressed the head of his cock against the lips of my well-lubricated pussy. Instinctively and without thought, I adjusted my hips and he slid into me in one long, deep stroke. 
He was very thick, and his shaft spread my pussy farther than it had ever been stretched before. I already knew he was long, and even though he hit bottom on his first deep thrust, he kept pushing. He pressed himself hard against me as if determined to invade me more fully, more completely. 
I felt his hands move to my sides, then underneath my body. He was strong and was able to lift me just enough to allow his rough hands to grip my breasts. He squeezed them hard, sending painful sensations shooting downward to my clit and back up again. He drove his thick shaft in and out of me a few more times, each time attempting to bury himself deeper and deeper. 
Then, strangely, he pulled completely out of me, and again I adjusted my hips instinctively. But instead of driving his cock inside me once more, he pushed my body roughly against the table, pushing me down until I was lying flat. And I knew why when I felt the tip of his swollen cock against my defenseless anus. I knew I couldn-t stop him, and I knew he was too big for me. So I simply held my breath, gripped hard on the straps that held me to the table, and tried to prepare myself for the pain that I knew was about to commence. 
He made no attempt to work himself in gently. He simply started to push. And he kept pushing. It felt as if he was ripping me apart, and the pain was so intense that it took my breath. I couldn-t even muster up enough to scream when the tip of his huge cock finally pushed inside my virgin ass. I did my best to relax as he kept pushing. I think he must have managed to get about an inch inside when I felt him reposition his weight. I could tell he was lifting himself up with his arms, as if to get more leverage. Without warning, he slammed into me hard, forcing the air from my lungs and forcing his monster shaft deep inside my ass. 
I heard the young Asian girl gasp as he slammed into me, penetrating me. All I could do was grip the straps as tightly as possible and try to relax as he kept pushing and pushing into me. After a minute or more of agonizing pressure and pain, he was completely inside. I could feel his testicles resting against my pussy. He just held himself there, as he squeezed my breasts so hard I thought he was trying to pop them. I could feel both my pulse and his cock throbbing inside my ass. I had never felt so full, so vulnerable, so used. 
After a bit he started moving again, pulling almost all the way out then slamming in again hard, penetrating deep in to me with each brutal stroke. I was beyond tears by this time, and I simply lay there, taking his shaft in my virgin ass hole over and over and over again. His hands mauled my breasts as he pumped in and out of me. I swear he was getting even larger as he went on, and I felt like my ass was being ripped open and on fire as he just kept pumping and pumping and pumping. 
I don-t know how long he had been working me, but I had gotten to the point that I was just laying there limp as he used me. After what seemed like an eternity, he started to get even more forceful, picking up his pace slamming into me harder and harder, faster and faster. Each time he slammed into me, the air was pushed from my lungs over and over again. I had almost passed out when he made one last brutal thrust and sank his shaft completely once more. As he dug his fingers into my breasts I felt his cock expand even more and then came the hot gushes of his cum as he exploded inside me. With each spasm of his cock deep inside me I felt another huge blast of cum exploding inside me. One, two, three throbbing jets until I finally lost count. But he filled me completely with his scorching hot fluid. 
Finally spent, he collapsed on top of me, both of us breathing hard. I could feel his heat as his full weight rested on my back, his shaft still deep inside. After a bit his breathing calmed, and I felt his weight shift slightly. He moved his face next to mine, so close that his rough beard scratched the tender skin of my cheek through the thin sheet that was covering me. His deep voice featured a strong accent that I didn-t recognize.
Yes, yes, little girl," he growled, You will make a nice addition to our collection"K

Copyright ,, 2007 All rights reserved. By April Firez [Aprilfirez@yahoo.com]
No part of this story covered by the copyrights hereon may be reproduced or copied in any form or by any means V graphic, electronic, or mechanical, including photocopying, taping, or information storage and retrieval systems V without written permission of the author and or publisher.
