Author: mypenname3000
Title: Owning a Maid Harem Chapter Thirty-Six: The Maids Passionate Clash
Summary: The Huntsman has broken through the Hay and its up to Bella and a small group of maids to hold back the dangerous foe long enough for Lance and the other maids to arrive.
Keyword: mf mc inc 1st viol

Characters

Main Characters

Lance Hayward: New Master of Hayward Manor.
Cali: The purple-eyed maid with a mysterious past. Has the Golden Garter.
Maria Hayward: Lance's mother. Has the Silver Garter and is his Mommy-Maid.
Kylie Hayward: Lance's little sister. Has the Pink Garter and his Little Sister Maid.
Ms. Lynette Docea: Lance's history teacher. Has the Light-Blue Garter and is his Teacher-Maid.
Nancy Heres: Lance's aunt and mother's sister. Has the Red Garter and is his Aunt-Maid.
Bella Miles: Lance's best friend. Has the Yellow Garter and is his Maid-Wife.

The Daughter Maids  Bronze Garters
Angela Hayward: Lance's daughter with his mother.  
Chantelle Hayward: Lance's eighth daughter with his mother
Chastity Hayward: Lance's third daughter with his mother.
Delilah Hayward: Lance's fourth daughter with his mother.
Rose Hayward: Lance's sixth daughter with his mother.
Serena Hayward: Lance's fifth daughter with his mother.
Virginia Hayward: Lance's second daughter with his mother. 
Zelda Hayward: Lance's seventh daughter with his mother.

The Virgin Maids  Pink Garters
Ashley: Student
Brenda: Student
Cherry Milton: Twin to Sherry
Heather Goldsmith: Daughter of the jewelry shop owner.
Janiqua: Student
Rashimi: Attends First Baptist
Sherry Milton: Twin to Cherry
Tabitha: Kylie's best friend
Yuki Hanada: Shrine Maiden at the Tsukuyomi Shrine on Sanuki Island in mountains
Zeta: Attends First Baptist

The Wise-Maids  Gray Garters
Abigail Wright: Curator at the Museum of Neolithic History
Asuka: Student
Esmerelda Jimenez: Pilot, Aeronautical Engineer
Marsha Peterson: PHD in Celtic Mythology
Ming Hu: Chinese college student with a masters in mathematics going for Ph.D.
Mrs. Johnson: Teacher
Mrs. White: Principal
Petra Jimenez: College student studying archaeology
Sister Martha Ruth: Nun at St. Theresa

The Slut-Maids  Orange Garters
Alisha: Shop girl
Carmen Black: Pilot
Deborah: Aunt Nancy's eldest daughter.
Deidre: Attends First Baptist
Hannah: Stripper at Club Desire.
Janet Varsity: Pilot
Izzy: Aunt Nancy's youngest daughter.
Ji-Woo Im: Runs Happy Touch Massage Parlor
Melissa Stevens: Member of the Sigma Lambda Tau sorority.
Seo-Yun Choe: Masseuse at Happy Touch Massage Parlor

The Concubine-Maids  Green Garters
Alice: Student
Carla: Cheerleader
Dalia Smythe: Wedding planner
Felicity: Student
Gloria: Student
Lily Myers: Pilot
Mrs. Kenning: Mother to Opal
Mrs. Miles: Bella's mother
Opal Kenning: Bride going to marry Clint Hartford.
Veronica: Student

The Demon-Maid  Black Garter
The Seductress: An imprisoned in the flesh.

Other Characters

Aleister Hayward: Brought the manor from England to America
Bianca: stripper at Club Desire. black hair, big boobs
Clint Hartford: Groom going to marry Opal Kenning
Coach Richards: Teacher
Daffodil: Attends First Baptist
Dara Bigsby: Pilot
Derrick: Rick Reynold's best man, banging his bride.
Estella Rayne: Pilot
Iris Devim: Pilot
Lana: Attends First Baptist
Luscious Lisa: stripper at club desire, bleached-blonde hair, blue eyes
Mortimer Hayward: Lance's dead uncle, previous owner of Hayward Manor.
Mr. Carter: Teacher
Mr. Goldsmith: Won of the men who owns Goldsmith & Sons Jewelry.
Mr. Jordan: Teacher
Pita: Attends First Baptist
Principal Murphy: Principal of Franklin High School.
Rick Reynolds: Groom goign to marry Rita Carlyle.
Rita Carlyle: Bride going to marry Rick Reynolds. Cheating on him with his best man.
Sister Shannon Ester: Nun at St. Theresa, killed by Malevolence
Ursula: Attends First Baptist
Young-Ja Choe: Masseuse at Happy Touch Massage Parlor

The Imprisoned

The Gizzamuluke
The Hagazim
Lady Smiles
The Maggotborn
Malevolence
The Misshapen
The Ripper
Smiles
The Stalker
The Tempest
The Twin
The Warmth
The Weeper
The Woods

The Unbound

The Huntsmen
The Queen

Nancy Heres

I was in good spirits as I drove my car up the driveway to the manor house. Melissa, the former sorority slut, sat in the passenger seat wearing only her orange garter. She looked so eager, her nipple piercings gleaming in the light from the third floor. In the backseat, the schoolgirl stripper Hannah had her head thrust between the seats to stare ahead.

Hayward Manor, Hannah said, her hair still in its pigtails. She had been the hottest dancer at the club. Such a great pick for a Slut-Maid. They both were. The last two of my garters given out. I was done with recruiting for my Nephew-Master. Wow. I can't believe we're here.

Yes, we are, I purred as I drove us to the garage, following a lane of gravel around the back. The ballroom passed us on the left. It used to be dangerous to be in the manor at night, but with so many maids we now had setup patrols. The cleaning was done every day. The Imprisoned were safely contained. 

I parked my car in the garage by the limousine, the SUVs, and a few other personal cars. Like my sister's and Lynette's. The three of us climbed out. The night was cool. My two maids looked eager to get inside. We crossed the path to the back door into the ballroom. I opened the door. It was dark in here, our footsteps clicking.

Cali appeared at the far end. The original maid with her purple eyes watched us. Inhuman. Beautiful. As remote as a mountain peak and just as stunning to witness. She watched us coming without moving a muscle.

Welcome home, she said, turning and heading down the hallway that led to the entry hall and the main stairwell. Hannah and Melissa will be rooming together. Their uniforms await them.

Excellent, I said as we passed the painting of a dark forest with many eyes in the shadows. 

Wow, said Melissa, glancing at it. The, er, art is very...

Creepy, Hannah said.

That's why we're here, I said. To keep the creepy from the rest of the world.

We climbed up the stairs to the third floor, the grand staircase bypassing the second floor. I felt the Gizzamuluke staring at us from its painting as we passed, the grinning cat hating us. I disliked that painting the most. Ahead, were the doors to the maid's room. Hannah and Melissa were in room 22 on the north side of the hallway. I left them to change and get acclimated as I headed to the main apartment with Cali.

I nodded to the Seductress being watched over by Rashimi. The maid stood over the bound demon, taking her job guarding the Seductress seriously. I wasn't terribly worried about her. The Seductress had broken.

Welcome back, Mistress, cooed the Seductress, her head low. How did the recruiting

A loud horn blew. A long, resonating note. It wasn't like any brass instrument I had heard. It was more like something from a fantasy movie. The house shook. I shifted in my heels, looking around in shock as dust drifted from the ceiling. An earthquake.

The Huntsman, purred the Seductress. How interesting.

The horn blew again. It rose from beneath us. Directly beneath us. That was the ballroom. 

That was inside the manor, I gasped and spun around to Cali.

The purple-eyed sprinted across the living room and toward the hallway where the bedrooms lay. Where Master Lance slept. I had never seen her move in a hurry anywhere. She was always calm. Collected. The house shook again, my heart racing.

I darted to the Seductress and grabbed her manacles. I ripped them off her, freeing her from her bonds. Come with me! You, two, Rashimi!

Yes, Mistress, the seductress purred and rose to her feet, her all-black eyes gleaming with interest.

The horn blew again, so loud and challenging. The Manor was under attack. Under invasion. I raced out into the manor, forming a whip of fire as doors opened. The Seductress ran at my heels, anger burning in me as I darted out of the sanctuary to fight.

The manor was under attack! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Bella Hayward

I froze in the conservatory, one of the rooms on the first floor. I was next to the billiards table. The carefully placed balls in a diamond pattern in the center were shifting. My heart raced as the other maids on patrol with me gasped.

Tabitha, Chastity, Sister Martha Ruth, and Deidre all looked around in shock. The house shook with something violent. Something evil. It came from the left. From the end of the west wing of the house. Hayward Manor had been invaded or one of the Imprisoned had broken free.

The ballroom! I shouted. Let's go!

I raced out of the room into the hallway. I could feel something evil at the end of it. I formed a shield of stone as I ran before me. Flames crackled as Deidre conjured a lash of fire. I glanced back to see Chastity baring her small boobs, ready to nurse any of us if we were injured. Tabitha's blonde hair streamed behind her while Sister Martha Ruth's black veil fluttered.

I burst into the ballroom to find a white horse charting at me. A rider with antlers sprouting from the sides of his head growled at me. Sharp teeth flashed. A shadowy spear aimed right at me. The hoofs thundered on the waxed parquet floor. I raised my shield.

The spear struck me.

The impact threw me back into the other maids. I crashed into them, all of us falling to the floor in a swirl of lace and skirts. The rider wheeled his mount to the right and galloped away from us, turning in a circle to come around for another attack.

I struggled to stand with the other maids. 

Did one of the Imprisoned escape? Sister Martha Ruth gasped as she stood. She threw a blade of air. 

Her attack of compressed wind hurtled at the rider. The white horse jumped over it with ease and landed. The rider glanced back at us, such hate in his eyes. Beyond the attacker, the air glowed golden. A crack radiated out from where... the ritual to cross over had been held.

I don't think he is! I shouted. He's from the other side from the Hay! Let's spread out and fight him! Chastity, stay behind me!

Yes, Mom! my step-daughter cried, fear in her voice.

I raised my shield as Tabitha and Deidre darted to the right. A ball of fire and a stream of pressurized water flew from the pair, hurtling at the horseman. He charged back at me, ducking low. The fireball flew over his head. The water passed between the legs of his horse.

Sister Martha Ruth, dashing to the left, sent out a large sweep of wind. It rippled across the air as it howled in fury. It struck the rider, deflecting him. He snarled and formed a javelin of shadows in his left hand. He hurtled it at her.

The black darted flew straight for her heart. Wind surged around Sister Martha Ruth. The Nun-Maid deflected the attack as the rider corrected his charge and flew at me. I raised my shield and set myself for the blow.

I was the Maid-Wife to Master Lance Hayward. I was the Lady of Hayward Manor, my engagement ring sparkling on my finger. I drew on that strength as he thundered closer. His spear struck my shield.

Mom! Chastity cried behind me at the terrible screeching impact of metal on stone.

I leaned into the attack, my garter pulsing with the strength of the earth. Of the very bedrock that supported the foundations of Hayward Manor. The blow pushed me back a foot, my heels sliding on the waxed floor.

I stood strong.

Youre his wife! the horseman said, such cruelty in his voice. His eyes sparkled with hate. I'll save you for last! After I beat his whelp out of your womb, I'll replace it with my son!

You will not touch my child! I roared.

Fire and water slammed into him. Steam exploded around him. The horse screamed in pain. He laughed, his eyes almost glowing in the veil of mist swirling around him. From it, two daggers of black flew, hurtling at Deidre and Tabitha.

Deidre threw herself to the floor, the dagger burying into the wall above her head.

Tabitha didn't move in time.

I gasped in horror as the dagger took Tabitha in the throat. Kylie's best friend staggered back, blood spurting from the wound. Both daggers vanished in a burst of smoke. With it gone, the gush of crimson sprayed from Tabitha. She dropped to the ground, twitching.

No! screamed Chastity.

The rider laughed as he charged out of the steam, his lance aimed at Deidre as she pressed up from her dive. She turned and gasped, fire blazing before her. I burst into a run to protect her, but the horse left me behind.

Flames exploded. A wall of fire rushed at the Huntsman. He charged into the fire. It engulfed him, but the fire whirled and danced, dispersing from the force of his charge into dancing reds and oranges. His lance slammed into Deidre's chest and pinned her to the wall behind her.

No, no, no! I screamed as the Huntsman ripped his lance free of her chest. She dropped to the floor, a massive hole punched through her body. Red and gore spilled out.

The huntsman's cruel laughter echoed through the ballroom as Chastity sobbed behind me. My blood ran cold as he flicked his gaze toward Sister Martha Ruth. The Nun-Maid stood resolute while terror flogged my heart.

Tears burned my eyes. Tabitha? Deidre? Their bodies lay still, blood soaking their uniforms. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lance Hayward

I knelt on the bed between my newest Daughter-Maid's thighs. I was about to deflower her, but Asuka had burst in claiming there was a problem. Signs that something bad was about to happen. Now the manor shook. A horn resounded.

Cali appeared behind Asuka and shoved the Japanese maid to the side. Such anger blazed in Cali's purple eyes. She shook with fury, her fingers twisted almost into claws as she glared at me. My blood ran cold.

The Huntsman has breached the Hay and entered our world where you went through to the Otherworld! she snarled. He used the weakness you left in the Hay, and now he's in the manor house, Master!

Shit! I gasped and sprang off the bed. I had no idea who the Huntsman was, but my heart pounded. The Ballroom!

Oh, no, Mom gasped as she and Chantelle were both scrambling off the bed with me.

Cali stepped aside as I rushed out of the hallway, a golden lance forming in my hands. 

AWAKE! I roared. The manor is under attack! AWAKE!

Doors opened. Sleeping maids spilled out naked, wearing only their garters as I burst into a run. Mom, Chantelle, and Asuka were on my heels. Ms. Docea appeared before me, her breasts heaving. The wind swirled around her as she fell in behind me.

Fear washed through me. Bella was on patrol tonight, and... the Seductress was gone. She wasn't in the corner of the living room being watched over by anyone. Another wave of cold washed through me as I ran to the exit. I burst out into the hallways, more doors open here, and more maids spilling out looking confused. At the far end of the hallway, I spotted my aunt with Rashimi and the Seductress heading down the stairs.

I chased them, racing as fast as I could. Awful laughter echoed through the air as I reached the stairs.

What is it? Kylie asked, my sister rushing up to my side. Why is he laughing.

In triumph, Cali said, keeping pace with us, her voice as cold as the Arctic Circle. Tabitha is dead. She held out her hand and a white garter appeared in it. A moment later, an orange one joined it, dangling from her fingers. As is Deidre.

No! Kylie screamed. She grabbed the banister and clutched at it, swaying. Tabitha, her best friend. I wanted to grab my sister, to hug her, but terror clawed at me.

Bella was patrolling with Tabitha and Deidre. My Maid-Wife was in danger.

I flew down the stairs, my long legs stretching out before me. I hit the first floor and ran down the hallway to the west wing. The laughter grew louder. My long stride closed the gap with Aunt Nancy, Rashimi, and the Seductress.

Master, purred the Demon-Maid, her eyes black pools gleaming with eagerness.

I passed them, my golden lance before me. The Imprisoned in the paintings I charged past chortled. Their canvas writhed. They felt the weakness. The enemy had breached my home and killed my servants.

A challenge that had to be answered.

Hoofs drummed ahead. A horn blew loud and shrill. A horrible crash, metal slamming into stone, echoed. I exploded into the ballroom to find an antlered man riding on a white horse. He wheeled away from my Maid-Wife. She had my Daughter-Maid and Sister Martha Ruth behind her, shielding them. Sweat spilled down Bella's face. 

And tears.

Tabitha and Deidre lay dead in pools of blood. My maids. My lovers. I slowed to a stop as I surveyed the enemy. He wheeled around and spotted me. Such joy gleamed in his inhuman face. It was so close to that of a man's, but the angles were wrong in subtle ways. Almost real, like bad CGI. He smiled, teeth filed to points. He pointed his spear at me.

I realized what was wrong with his face. It looked to be carved from a pale wood.

There you are! roared the Huntsman. I will avenge my honor and my Queen's!

The Seductress laughed behind me, cold and wild. The Cuckolded Huntsman. How droll to find you here!

Quiet, serpent! roared the Huntsman. He charged me. I raised my golden lance, fury beating in my heart. 

He killed Tabitha and Deidre. He murdered my maids. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Nancy Heres

Attack him! I shouted at the Seductress.

Yes, Mistress, she purred, a sword of shadows forming in her hand. 

Master Lance stood strong before the charge, unafraid. His golden lance aimed at the attacker, but he had no protection. Bella cried out in fear as the Seductress flowed forward like a shadowy wave. She swept around Lance and slammed her sword into the Huntsman's lance, deflecting it to the side.

You two-faced serpent slithering through the shit! the Huntsman snarled. He swung his left fist and crashed into the side of her head, throwing her down. You serve that festering maggot! 

Mmm, it is me, the Seductress purred as she recovered from the attack, her big breasts swaying. A dozen shadowy arms burst from her. She stood there like some Hindu goddess, every arm wielding a sword. It is such a delight to see you, Cuckold.

He snarled as she attacked. Her blades flowed like shadows. His spear became a sword, parrying some of her blows, but others cut through the hide of the white horse. The beast whinnied in pain as its entrails spilled out. It reared and threw the Huntsman before collapsing dead.

Hit him with fire! I shouted as my gaze flicked to Deidre. To the Preacher's slutty daughter. One of my maids. BURN HIM!

I didn't know which of my maids were behind me, but fires crackled. I threw out my lash of flames at the Huntsman as he stood. He knocked mine back, but others hit him, burning his arms and legs. He marched into the heart of our power. 

He was lucky to catch us unaware, but all the maids were here. They all had poured out of their homes. Lashes burned him. From my daughters. From my new sorority slut and stripper. The Huntsman roared in pain.

For Tabitha! screamed Kylie. 

Water slammed into the Huntsman. One powerful stream, the force of a firehose. Than another. A third. Fourth. The tears of Kylie and her maids manifested as attacks. He staggered beneath the force, steam bursting from the attack.

Daggers flew out, but Bella's maids were there. Mrs. Miles stepped before me, blocking a blow. Opal, Lily, Carla, Felicity, Dalia, and the others were protecting us. The Huntsman swept his shadowy blade, cutting through the fiery lashes that held him.

I WILL DRIVE MY SPEAR THROUGH ALL YOUR WOMEN! he roared in fury.

Will you? Ms. Docea asked, standing with Asuka and the rest of her Wise-Maids. Wind hurtled from them and seized the mist. It spun around the Huntsman and seized his weapon. They wrenched it out of his grasp and threw it to the side.

My fiery lash struck him about the neck. I gripped the flames and pulled. So did my other maids. Deidre's name screamed in my heart with every beat. The Huntsman's flesh burned. Smoke rose from the wounds.

Master Lance stepped forward. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lance Hayward

Two of my maids were dead. Fury and grief shook my body as I watched the Huntsman thrashing in the bonds of fire. The water struck him from all sides. He flung out more shadowy daggers. My Concubine-Maids shielded the others.

I advanced on the bastard. He glared at me as the fiery lashes pulled his arms taught. Aunt Nancy and her Slut-Maids were all blazing with heat. The powerful blasts of water spilled mist through the air that was manipulated by Ms. Docea and her Wise-Maids. The harem moved around him. Surrounding him. We all glared with anger at him.

The Seductress wore an amused smile. Make him hurt, Master. For Tabitha and Deidre.

Yes! Aunt Nancy snarled.

Tabitha, whimpered my sister, her stream of water faltering. They had been best friends all their lives, and now... Now...

The golden lance blazed bright in my hand. The Huntsman flinched at it. I roared and plunged it at his heart. Somehow, the bastard ripped his right arm free of the burning lashes. Flames sputtered around him as he grabbed the haft of my spear and stopped it from piercing his heart. Smoke poured out of his fingers, his hand blackening as he gripped it.

I have dreamed of this day of killing the Lord of the Hay, he growled, his eyes boring into me. Nothing will stop me from avenging her. She was my queen, and your ancestor defiled her. Planted those foul twins in her belly.

He shot a glance to Cali, his lips pulling back in fury.

Whore-spawned bitch!

Cali stepped up beside me and put her hand on my shoulder. I fought to ram my spear into the bastard's chest as she smiled. Amusement danced across my purple-eyed maid's expression. The Huntsman pushed my spear back an inch.

Fuck, I growled, struggling to impale him.

Mother was the Lord of the Hay's whore, Cali cooed. I had never heard such pleasure in her voice even when she climaxed on my cock. She gloated. Your Queen told me there was no greater ecstasy than having the Lord of the Hay's lance plunge into her flesh.

The Huntsman's bellowed on fury. His other arm ripped from of the flames. A fist slammed into my face and threw me onto my back. Maids shouted around me. Shadowy daggers flew from the Huntsman down at me as Aunt Nancy shouted in fury.

The Seductress flowed before me and blocked the blades. She screamed in pain as some of the struck her body. She dropped to her knees before me, golden blood spilling from her wounds. Her blonde hair flew behind her as she attacked him.

A shadowy sword appeared in his hand as the maids struggled to grab him with flames. Fresh fiery lashes seized him. Water slammed into him and wind swirled. He didn't care. His fury had given him such strength. He knocked aside all of the Seductress's blades and grabbed her by the throat.

He choked her and lifted her from the ground. I scrambled to my feet as he threw her to the side. She crashed into Heather, Abigail, and a blonde maid in pigtails I didn't recognize. The seductress bowled them all over.

The Huntsman lunged at me, ripping free of the flaming lashes.

Master! Bella shouted as she, Felicity, and Dalia appeared before me with their stone shields. The Huntsman's sweeping sword crashed into their defenses. 

He snarled and swung his blade in powerful blows, crashing into their stone shields. Dalia staggered, hers cracking beneath the force. He struck her again, knocking her back. Bella glanced back at me, holding hers before me.

Master! she said. Lance!

I understood.

Bella and Felicity stepped to the side, forming an opening. They blocked the next attack as I thrust my golden spear forward between the maids. My weapon buried into the Huntsman's chest. He snarled in pain as golden light shined beneath his skin.

Then he grabbed the haft and pulled on it, shoving more of the weapon into his chest and yanking me toward him. I stumbled between my maids, caught off-guard by the move. He slammed his head down at me, goring me with his antlers.

Pain exploded across my face. In my eye. Darkness engulfed the left side of my vision. I stumbled back, holding a hand over my left eye. Blood spurted out from it. Agony shot down the ocular nerve. I weathered it, my lance buried in his chest.

Cali! I roared as my maids grabbed him with their flaming lashes. The Seductress marched up, bleeding in a half-dozen places, her swords ready. Bind him!

By the Ancient Oath, I bind thee, Huntsman! Cali snarled, her voice full of even more glee than the last two times she had spoken the words. The golden garter around her thigh glowed bright. A golden chain surged from it to the glowing crack in the air. With the salt that plants vitality in the earth! The rhythm of life that spreads the heat of passion! The breath of soul that speaks truths! And the saliva that spills like rain upon the world. I bind thee, Huntsman!

My spear buried in the monster's chest burst into chains. They wrapped around the Huntsman's body, yanking his arms into his side. Blood dripped from his antlers. My blood. He snarled in pain as he glared at me.

I will not be imprisoned! he roared. He strained against the chains, his arms flexing. Beneath the linens he wore, his muscles bulged. I will not submit!

I grinned at him, taking such satisfaction in it. I don't require your submission.

I BIND THEE, HUNTSMAN! Cali roared, the room shaking with the power of her voice.

Shadows burst from her, forming into wings extending from her back. Her purple eyes blazed with delighted power. The golden light about the Huntsman squeezed about him. He roared as the chains crushed his body, pulling him down and down into his prison. The golden light flared blight, blinding me.

Everyone shouted against the brilliance. I raised a hand against it. 

When it faded, a painting hovered in the air of the Huntsman on his white steed charging through the forest. Dark hounds raced around him, all of them snarling as they chased their prey. In the background, a woman peered out from behind a tree, a crown on her head.

The painting dropped to the floor, its gilded frame quivering. It fell onto its back. The sound echoed through the room. There was no other noise for a dozen heartbeats, then my sister burst into mournful sobs.

She ran to Tabitha's body and hugged her friend, sobbing over her. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Nancy Heres

It was over. My niece sobbed over the body of her friend as I found myself drifting to Deidre's body. She lay on her belly, her head to the side, shock on her face. I knelt and turned her over. I closed her eyes and kissed her brow.

Rest in peace, I whispered to the preacher's daughter. You served your Lord and Master well.
Tears burned in my eyes, but they didn't fall. I rose as the other Slut-Maids moved in, even the two new ones who didn't know here. They didn't have to know her since they were just like her. Maids ready to do their duty for their owner.

Manacle me, Mistress, the Seductress said. She staggered up to me, golden blood spilling down her body. She had stepped between Master Lance and death.
Manacle you? I asked in surprise.

I can't be trusted. Her black eyes met mine. Please, Mistress, it's dangerous to let me be unrestrained.

I almost snorted. I think you can be trusted, I said. You saved our Master's life, but... I didn't have the strength to argue. Izzy, fetch the manacles. Take some others with you to be safe.

Y-yes, Mom, Izzy said, wrenching her gaze from Deidre. Tears spilled down my youngest daughter's cheeks. Her nose ring gleamed as she turned and left.

Kylie's ragged sobs drew my attention. My sister hugged her now, rocking her. My poor niece. And my Master-Nephew didn't look much better. He stared from Tabitha's to Deidre's bodies with a stunned expression on his face.

Bella slid her arm around his waist and leaned against him. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lance Hayward

Sometime later, Bella led me back upstairs. She guided me to a chair in the living room and pushed me down on it. She said something about getting me a drink. I just nodded. I couldn't believe it. Two of my maids dead. Killed before I could even come to their rescue. Cali's anger shook me. The Huntsman had invaded our realm because I had gone to the Otherworld.

I had breached the Hay and weakened it. Was this my fault?

Daddy, Chantelle whimpered. My newest Maid-Daughter, the one I had been about to deflower. Things had been so joyous, then...

She straddled me, resting her head on my shoulder. Her naked body pressed against mine. Her big breasts pressed into my chest, as soft as our mother's. I stroked her back as her black hair spilled over my chest. She sobbed.

I can't believe Tabitha's gone, Master-Daddy, she whispered. I remember her coming over all the time. Since they were so young. They had tea parties together and dressed up like princesses for Halloween.

How...? I trailed off. Of course, Chantelle had Mom's memories. 

Now they're gone, my Daughter-Maid whimpered.

They're gone, I said, stroking her back. They're gone, and we're alive.

My daughter kissed at my neck. Her lips were so warm. So comforting. She kissed lightly up my neck to my jawline. She moved over to my lips. She kissed me right on the mouth. I groaned as she did that, fire burning in me.

I wanted to feel so alive.

I needed to feel the warmth of love and passion. To remind myself of life. My Daughter-Maid quivered on my lap. So nubile. Her lips on mine grew more and more passionate. She kissed me with more and more love.

She needed this as much as I did. I kissed her with all that I had, my hands gripping her rump. I kneaded her ass. I loved the feel of her butt-cheeks between my hands. She had such a supple ass. It was so much fun to squeeze and massage.

She groaned as I did that. She squirmed on me as I made out with her. My cock was at full mast. I was naked. I hadn't bothered to get dressed when I charged out into danger. I just cared about saving my women. They had been in trouble, so I had rushed out to fight for them.

To defend them from danger.

Chantelle broke the kiss and whispered, Daddy!

Chantelle, I groaned, my Daughter-Maid reaching down between us and grabbing my cock and raising it. She pressed me into the folds of her bush. I groaned at the feel of her rubbing me up and down her furred muff. She pressed me against her pussy. Are you ready?

I need you, Master-Daddy, she whimpered. I love you!

I love you, too, I groaned as she pressed her hymen against the crown of my dick.

I groaned as she pushed down on me with all her cute might. With a gasp, her maidenhead tore. Her cherry popped, and my daughter's deflowered pussy sank down my cock. Slowly. She whimpered, her big boobs rubbing on my chest as she took more and more of my cock.

Oh, Master-Daddy, she moaned, her eyes rolling back in her head. Oh, Master-Daddy, that's just so good!

It is, I groaned as I loved her pussy sliding down and down my dick. You're so good at that, honey. Just so amazing at that!

She smiled at me as she bottomed out in me. I love you, Master-Daddy!

I needed to hear that. She loved me. They all loved me, even Tabitha and Deidre.

Chantelle kissed me with passion. Her tongue thrust into my mouth. She might be a virgin, but she had our mother's memoirs of making love to me. My daughter knew what I liked. I shuddered as she clenched her pussy around my cock and slowly slid up me. 

I shuddered on the chair as she did that. It was exquisite having her working her pussy up me like that. I groaned into her mouth, enjoying every last second of her pussy squeezing about me. She held me tight. It was fantastic. 

She sank down me just as slowly. She didn't ride me fast. No, no, she took her time. She made love to me with that sweet, deflowered pussy. I groaned into my daughter's lips, my hands kneading her rump. I squeezed her butt-cheeks.

She broke the kiss and sighed, Master-Daddy!

My delicious Chantelle, I panted.

She smiled, her blue eyes twinkling. I grinned back at her, savoring the comfort of her silky pussy. This was just such a wondrous moment to enjoy. I loved having her working her cunt up and down my cock. She gripped me. Massaged me. She knew what she was doing.

It was fantastic having her ride me like that. She plunged her cunt down my cock and slid back up me. She squeezed so hard around my dick. It was an amazing sensation having her do that. I loved it so much. I shuddered in delight at her silky grip.

Fuck, fuck, fuck! I groaned. Chantelle!

Mmm, Master-Daddy, she purred. You're as big and as wonderful as Mommy remembers.

I grinned at her as she worked her pussy up and down my cock. So your mother has fond memories of my cock.

Such fond ones, Master-Daddy!

She plunged her pussy down me, riding me faster now. I groaned at that sweet and silky massage working up and down my cock. She gripped me with her hot flesh, swelling me toward another climax. I would have a huge one. Just flood her with so much passion.

I would pump her full of all my cum. I loved the way my Daughter-Maid rode me. She worked her cunt up and down my dick. She squeezed about me. I shuddered at the heat of her doing that. She massaged me with such silky passion. 

Yes, yes, yes, Master-Daddy! Chantelle moaned. I'm going to have such fond memories of your cock, too!

Yes, you will, I groaned, loving her cunt sliding up and down my cock. Damn, that's good. Just work that pussy up and down my dick like that!

Yes, Master-Daddy! the naughty Daughter-Maid cooed.

Her pussy worked up and down me faster and faster. She held me tight with that hot snatch. She gripped me with her silky flesh. The pressure to erupt grew and grew. I wanted to fill her pussy up with all my cum. Just spurt all my jizz into her.

She gasped as she rode me, her black hair spilling around her face. She squeezed her cunt down around me. Her silky massage was amazing. Such a delight to treasure. I gripped her rump as I hurtled toward my climax.

Master-Daddy! she moaned, her butt-cheeks clenching beneath my hands.
Cum on your daddy's cock, I growled. I want to feel that pussy going wild around me!

Yes, Master-Daddy! my Daughter-Maid purred. I'm here to serve you!

She plunged her cunt down my cock and gasped. Her pussy went wild around my dick. She suckled at me. I groaned, loving the way her hot twat spasmed around me. She nursed at me, the pleasure sweeping through my body.

I groaned, her cunt spasming around my dick. The pleasure swelled me to that bursting point. My Daughter-Maid moaned as she bucked on me. Her face twisted in pleasure. She had such a cute expression on her face.

Please, please, cum in me, Master-Daddy! she moaned.

Yes! I growled and gave my cute daughter what she craved. I erupted in her pussy.

Pleasure slammed through my body as I pumped my cum into her writhing pussy. Her cunt spasmed around me. I reveled in that hot flesh. It was such an amazing moment. My nuts unloaded as I pumped all my spunk into her pussy.

It was so wondrous to feel my Daughter-Maid full of my cum. I pumped her full of my jizz. Blast after blast of my spunk filled her up. It was just an amazing moment to have all that delight firing through my body with each eruption.

Ooh, ooh, Master-Daddy! she gasped, her pussy rippling around my cock. She milked out every drop of cum I had in me. That's so good, Master Daddy!

Yes, I groaned as I spurted into her one more time.

My daughter hugged me. I held her, taking such comfort from her. It was such a dark night. The other maids were moving around. Bustling. Mom was brewing tea or something. Whispers echoed. Poor Kylie. She must be hurting so much. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kylie Hayward

The world passed like gray images dragged before my eyes.

The next morning, we buried Tabitha and Deidre in the back garden. I don't know who dug the holes or where the coffins came from. Probably the same place that our uniforms did. We all gathered here in our uniforms, Master-Big-Brother wearing a suit. I plucked a rose from a nearby bush and moved to Tabitha.

I knelt by her funeral. She wore a new uniform, a strip of white cloth wrapped around her throat to hide her wounds. Her garter was no longer wholly white. It was half golden now. She looked asleep, but her face was so pale. Someone had folded her hands across her chest. I placed the rose between them and kissed her on the brow.

I'm so sorry I made you a maid, I whispered, the tears coming.

She's not, said Janiqua. My friend knelt beside me and put her hands on my shoulder. She was so happy to be a maid. We all are.

I knew that. I did, but... She was my best friend. We were supposed to serve Master-Big-Bro together and have his babies, and now... My shoulders shook. The tears spilled hot down my cheeks. She wasn't supposed to go away.

You'll see her again, Cali said. She put her hand on my other shoulder. I turned to look into her purple eyes. They were soft. In the Hay. They are still bound to your Master. See the garters are still on them. They're golden now.

Kylie nodded and wiped her teeth. So when we die...

You'll be with her and your Master for eternity, said Cali. Their deaths were even necessary. The crack is now mending, strengthened by the force of their life. That is why you are bound to the Hay. To protect the world.

I nodded. It didn't take away my grief, but it helped to know that she hadn't died for nothing. That the world would be safer. I nodded to Cali and sniffed. She squeezed my shoulder and rose. She moved around to the front of the graves. 

I stood, too. My brother was there. His arm went around me. I slipped against my Master and took comfort in his strength. He stared at his two maids. They had died for him, too. Died because we had to save Mother. 

Because the Seductress had escaped. 

She was here, too, her head lowered. Her wounds were healing. She had a large, red mark on her breasts. Gold manacles clad her wrists. Her hands were before her. She stood to the side of Aunt Nancy, head bowed in submission. 

Two maids have perished, Cali said after a moment. The rhythm of their life has ended. Their heat has dissipated to the world. Their breath no longer sweetens the air, and their tears no longer water the plants. Let their flesh return to the earth that birthed them. Let them rest in the Golden Paradise of the Hay and await their Master and their Sister Maids.

Deidre's and Tabitha's garters glowed for a moment. The light seemed to flash off toward something beyond this world. The Hay.

Amen, Lance said and threw a white rose down on each of their bodies.

I nodded, tears still streaming down my cheeks. Other maids threw down flowers plucked from the garden. More and more of the beautiful roses, tulips, petunias, daffodils, hydrangeas, fuchsias, and other beautiful flowers slowly covered their bodies, leaving their sleeping faces exposed.

We said our goodbye, but not all goodbyes were forever. I knew I would see my best friend again. I knew she would be watching us from the Hay. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lance Hayward

I squeezed my sister's shoulder before I broke away from her. I had to get some answers.

I marched to Cali and asked, What did he mean?

Mean? Cali turned to glance at me. Who?

You know, I said. It sounded like my ancestor fathered you on his wife. That you even have a twin.

Sadness passed over her face. I do have a twin. She held out her hands. And I do have the blood of the Haywards in me. I was there at the foundation. I was there when the Hay was raised. I worked with my father to build it. With your ancestor to construct it. I poured everything I cared about into that wall.

She leaned closer to me.

I betrayed my sister to him and bound her to the Hay, she whispered in my ear. I loved her dearly. My other half. I chained her and built the foundation of the Hay on her spirit. That is my level of devotion to the Haywards, Master. Never doubt that I will ever break my contract nor allow you to break it, either. 

I sacrificed my sister, Master Hayward, and I will not allow the Hay to fall. Be faithful to the Pact and to defending the Hay from the Otherworld, follow the oath of your ancestor, and you shall not discover how far I will go to maintain it.

I swallowed. You would kill me.

I have killed other Masters of Hayward Manor. She leaned back and curtsied. As always, I am at your service so long as you hold to the Pact.

She turned to go when I asked, And your mother? Who is she?

The Queen, she said, glancing over her shoulder at me. A woman who deeply regrets her dalliance with your ancestor. After all, both of her beloved daughters are in bondage. Pray you never meet her, Master Hayward.

I watched Cali march off, my body shaking. Kill me. I believed her. But why would any Master of Hayward Manor want to betray the pact? I had almost... done that, hadn't I? To save my mother. Cali warned me I was coming close to breaking it, then she wouldn't be bound.

Would she have killed me? I have an heir, don't I? The next Lord of Hayward Manor grew in Bella's stomach. Just what would Cali do if I hadn't had my child? Chain me to the ground? Imprison me and bring me out like the Seductress.

A weapon to be used.

Or I could follow the Pact and enjoy my harem of maids. I swallowed, my hands sweaty. I rubbed them on my slacks. I glanced back at the graves. They were covered now. Buried. When had that happened?

How much power did Cali have? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Cali

I paused before the painting that held my sister. She was a shadowy figure dancing before salivating men, her body draped in gold and bedecked in purple gems. She always was the lascivious one. She only cared about her pleasure.

Father had to use his own flesh and blood to create the Hay. It was why he seduced our Mother. Why he seduced me? I stroked my sister's face, her features hidden. Pain swept through me. Every day, I regretted my choice.

Every day, I hated myself.

Duty. 

I had made my choice.

The Mortal World over the Otherworld. The time of the fey had come and gone. The old gods. The bloody rites. The wanton orgies. They were passed. Man had moved onto into the rational. They had shed behind superstition.

Only superstitions didn't want to die.

My sister sensed me and pressed her face out of the painting. I closed my eyes and kissed her like I always did. I couldn't help myself. The pain swelled in me at what I had given up. My other half. My one true love. A tear spilled down my cheek.

Then I broke it and turned away.

My sister formed the foundation of the Hay. Just like all the other Imprisoned. They all bore the weight of the barrier that divided this world from theirs. In torment unending, burning to flee. Blazing with hatred for the mortals.

I knew their pain.

I was Imprisoned, too.

I brushed the garter around my thigh. My shackle. I felt the weight of the Hay on me with my every step. I held it on my shoulders. I had stood unbowed through the centuries. I had watched Masters of Hayward Manor come and go.

They all had Father's features in their faces.

His blood in their veins.

I hated them as much as I hated Father.

I loved them as much as I loved Father.

The Watch never ended. I would endure until the time ground to a halt and the universe guttered out like a candle burned down to its holder. And then... Freedom? I don't know. Perhaps a different sort of torment.

I made the choice. I swore the words to Father willingly. I would not waver from my mission. Master Lance was strong. He would be a good master, and the next grew in his wife's belly. He was not like his uncle attempting to escape his fate by never having a son.

No, no, Master Lance would not break his faith.

And if he did...

I nodded to his mother as she headed to the kitchen to cook. She needed to have more maids, and Kylie and Nancy had to recruit replacements. The maids had to be at their full strength. Master Lance's uncle's foolishness had left the Hay weakened.

Master Lance would do his duty. He would have lots of daughters for his son to bond with. Lots of daughters would be ready to take up the garters on the day Master Lance died. He would populate the mansion with this offspring.

As the Master of the Hay should. 

The Bloodline should be kept as pure as possible. A pity he chose Bella for his wife and not Kylie. Hopefully, his daughter with Kylie would be chosen by his son with Bella. I should make sure that happened.

I strode through the halls, my work never done.

To be continued...
