Author: mypenname3000
Title: Owning a Maid Harem Chapter Twenty-Two: Little Sister's Virgin Maid Gift
Summary: Lance's little sister prepares a virgin gift for him!
Keyword: FFFf mf mff mc oral creampie anal toy spank first exhib voy public inter

Characters

Main Characters

Lance Hayward: New Master of Hayward Manor.
Cali: The purple-eyed maid with a mysterious past. Has the Golden Garter.
Maria Hayward: Lance's mother. Has the Silver Garter and is his Mommy-Maid.
Kylie Hayward: Lance's little sister. Has the Pink Garter and his Little Sister Maid.
Ms. Lynette Docea: Lance's history teacher. Has the Light-Blue Garter and is his Teacher-Maid.
Nancy Heres: Lance's aunt and mother's sister. Has the Red Garter and is his Aunt-Maid.
Bella Miles: Lance's best friend. Has the Yellow Garter and is his Maid-Wife.

The Daughter Maids  Bronze Garters
Angela Hayward: Lance's daughter with his mother. 
Virginia Hayward: Lance's second daughter with his mother. 

The Virgin Maids  Pink Garters
Brenda: Student
Janiqua: Student
Rashimi: Attends First Baptist
Tabitha: Kylie's best friend
Zeta: Attends First Baptist

The Wise-Maids  Gray Garters
Abigail Wright: Curator at the Museum of Neolithic History
Asuka: Student
Mrs. Johnson: Teacher
Mrs. White: Principal
Sister Martha Ruth: Nun at St. Theresa

The Slut-Maids  Orange Garters
Alisha: Shop girl
Deborah: Aunt Nancy's eldest daughter.
Izzy: Aunt Nancy's youngest daughter.
Seo-Yun Choe: Masseuse at Happy Touch Massage Parlor

The Concubine-Maids  Green Garters
Alice: Student
Carla: Cheerleader
Felicity: Student
Gloria: Student
Mrs. Miles: Bella's mother
Opal Kenning: Bride going to marry Clint Hartford.
Veronica: Student

Other Characters

Aleister Hayward: Brought the manor from England to America
Clint Hartford: Groom going to marry Opal Kenning
Coach Richards: Teacher
Deidre: Attends First Baptist
Daffodil: Attends First Baptist
Derrick: Rick Reynold's best man, banging his bride.
Ji-Woo Im: Runs Happy Touch Massage Parlor
Lana: Attends First Baptist
Marsha Peterson: PHD in Celtic Mythology
Mortimer Hayward: Lance's dead uncle, previous owner of Hayward Manor.
Mr. Carter: Teacher
Mr. Jordan: Teacher
Pita: Attends First Baptist
Rick Reynolds: Groom goign to marry Rita Carlyle.
Rita Carlyle: Bride going to marry Rick Reynolds. Cheating on him with his best man.
Sister Shannon Ester: Nun at St. Theresa, killed by Malevolence
Ursula: Attends First Baptist
Young-Ja Choe: Masseuse at Happy Touch Massage Parlor

The Imprisoned

The Gizzamuluke
The Hagazim
Lady Smiles
The Maggotborn
Malevolence
The Misshapen
The Ripper
Smiles
The Seductress
The Stalker
The Twin
The Weeper
The Woods
Nancy Heres

I pulled up before First Baptist Church, a spring in my step. I hummed, hoping that I would find a new maid here. My niece was so kind to give me a tip. A group of girls who were hanging out before the church talking glanced at me.

They sighed and went back to talking to each other.

They looked to be waiting for rides. I smiled as I climbed out and closed my door behind me. That drew their attention again. They didn't seem to mind my maid's uniform. They probably had seen it once already.

Is one of you Deidre, the preacher's daughter? I asked, one of my passengers climbing out of the car. I had two of them, both naked. Both wearing orange garters.

That's me, said a blonde girl in a conservative skirt and blouse. She didn't look like she was a slut, but she was a preacher's daughter, and those girls could be kinky. You from Hayward Manor, too? 

Yes, I am, I purred. So, tell me, Deidre, my niece thinks you're a big slut that's fucked a lot of boys and even eaten pussy before.

Deidre smiled, but I could see the twinkle in her eye. Of course, I haven't. I'm a good girl.

Ji-Woo, I said to the busty, Korean MILF who used to run the Happy Touch Massage Parlor. I recruited her after having her show off her massage technique. She was quite the whore.

Here you go, Miss Nancy, she cooed and opened the box. I pulled out one of the remaining orange garters. I had already given out five. Deidre would make number six. I held it up to the preacher's daughter. Well, slut, welcome to serving Master Lance.

Oh, my God, yes! the girl groaned and ripped off her blouse. She had a very racy bra on beneath. It was mesh, her nipples bleeding through. 

Congrats! one of the other girls said. 

That's awesome! whooped a Hispanic girl. You totally deserve it! 

Say hi to Zeta and Rashimi, a Black girl said.

I will, Deidre said, unfastening her bra to expose her round boobs. She didn't have any tattoos or piercings, but I could feel she was a naughty slut. Rebelling against her strict father and mother. Ooh, this will be so much fun. 

She dropped her skirt. I smiled at the thong she had. She kept her pussy shaved. Oh, I was liking this girl. She was just perfect for the harem. She wiggled out of her thong next, her round boobs jiggling in such an enticing way.

My, my, aren't you a sexy, little bitch, I said and dropped to my knees to put on the garter. Your daddy would be so mad if he found out how much of a slut you are!

I know, Deidre said and giggled. Lucky for me, I'm about to become a Hayward maid. He'll be so proud of me then.

I nodded in complete agreement. Every father should want their slutty daughters to be my Master-Nephew. He would make sure those girls only fucked one dick. His amazing dick. That was a happy thought.

I slid the garter into place. I smiled at seeing it right where it belonged. That was always a delightful moment. I was so happy to put it on the girl. She would be a perfect addition to Hayward Manor.

Miss Nancy, Ji-Woo said as I straightened. The MILF handed me a strap-on dildo.

I tossed that to Deidre. Show us just how much of a slut you are and fuck Ji-Woo here.

Right! said the naughty girl. She pulled it on, working the harness up her legs. She wiggled her hips back and forth. She seemed to know what she was doing. I was impressed with this preacher's daughter. Just what naughty things had she done?

Ji-Woo sat down on the hood of my car, her legs spread wide. She had a thick bush dripping with her pussy juices. Standing nearby was Seo-Yun, the delightful masseuse that I had also recruited. She held a slender, silver vibrator in her hand.

Deidre smacked the tip of her rubbery dildo as she headed up to the MILF. The fake cock bobbed while the naughty preacher's daughter grinned. She looked so eager for this. Oh, yes, she had definitely done this before. 

I'm going to fuck you so hard, she cooed, with such a naughty tone to her voice. I loved it.

That was what I wanted to hear from a slut. Deidre reached the Korean MILF and lined up her dildo. She pushed it right into that thick bush. Ji-Woo gasped in delight at the nuzzling tip of the toy. Deidre's cute ass clenched as she thrust forward.

Ji-Woo threw back her head, moaning as she took that massive dildo into her cunt. She enjoyed that gig dildo in her cunt while I stared at Deidre's cute ass. I glanced at the watching church girls. They were whispering to each other. I winked at them then swung my hand. 

CRACK!

I slapped down hard on Deidre's right butt-cheek. She gasped out in shock, the blush spreading across her butt-cheeks. That was a sight to witness. It was just a delight to witness her reddened ass flexing as she pumped away.

You are one naughty slut, aren't you? I cooed, my pussy on fire. Behind me, Seo-Yun lifted my skirt and pressed the tip of that slim vibrator against my asshole. 

CRACK!

Yes, I am! gasped Deidre, her other butt-cheek growing as red as the first. I'm such a wicked, wicked slut! I do such naughty things! I love it! 

CRACK!

She jumped, her head throwing back, her face twisting in delight. It was such a hot sight to see her fucking the Korean MILF with that hot ass. And even better was Seo-Yun drilling the dildo into my bowels. She twisted it around, drilling it against my anal ring until...

It slid into me.

She twisted the base. It hummed to life. I groaned, savoring that pleasure rushing through me. It hummed away in my asshole. It buzzed in me. It was such a treat to have it vibrating in me. I reveled in that naughty shaft sliding into my bowels and twisting around. 

CRACK!

Fuck her cunt, you dirty slut! I hissed, the buzzing delight in my pussy melting down to my pussy.

Yes, ma'am! she moaned, thrusting away hard, her round titties bouncing. Take it, you Korean MILF! Ooh, you like being fucked by a cute, young thing. A hot sixteen-year-old slut that's pounding your cunt hard! 

CRACK!

I love it, Ji-Woo moaned, her eyes burning with heat. I love it so much. Fuck me so hard with it. Just pound my cunt. Oh, yes, yes, that's it. That's so good!

I smiled, my asshole clamping down on that hot toy buzzing away in my bowels. Seo-Yun knew how to use a massager. She twisted it about in me, swelling my orgasm growing and growing in the depths of my pussy. 

CRACK!

Deidre squealed as she fucked away at that hot Korean MILF. 

CRACK! 

MILFs deserved to be fucked hard. 

CRACK! 

Master fucked me so hard. He pounded me. 

CRACK! 

He rammed his dick into me until I exploded. 

CRACK!

God, I love my Master-Nephew, I groaned beneath my throat as my pussy cream dripped down my thighs. It was thanks to my relationship with him that I was here spanking this naughty preacher's daughter. 

CRACK!

Ma'am! gasped Deidre, her ass blazing red. Yes, yes, yes!

I cum! Ji-Woo moaned. I cum hard! You fuck good! Yes, yes! You fuck good, slut!

CRACK! 

That's right, you fuck her good! I hissed. 

CRACK! 

You make that hot MILF cum so hard! I want her squealing her pretty head off! 

CRACK!

Yes, ma'am! the cutie moaned, her hips pumping away hard and fast.

I loved how warm my hand felt from spanking her cute rump. My pussy drank in more of the heat. I built and built toward that wonderful climax. I would have such a mighty cum. I couldn't wait for the pleasure to rush through me. I enjoyed that delight. I reveled in that heat soaking through my twat.

My skirt rustled as Seo-Yun massaged my asshole with the vibrator. She thrust it in and out of me as fast as Deidre fucked Ji-Woo. The Korean MILF gasped, her face twisting in delight. She tossed her head from side to side, her big boobs quivering.

Make cum, slut! she gasped, her thighs wrapped around Deidre's waist. Make cum hard!
Yes! Deidre gasped, thrusting to the hilt in the masseuse. A car pulled up. Shit, I'm going to burst! I'm going to cum so hard! Oh, Daddy, I'm a maid who's going to cum!

The car stopped an older man stepped out dressed in a suit with no tie. He stared at his daughter fucking the Korean MILF. He smiled and nodded to her, accepting that his little girl was my Master-Nephew's maid.

His willing slut. 


CRACK!
Yes, she is, sir, I groaned, spanking his daughter's ass one more time. I'll make sure she only fucks one guy from now on. But she's going to get lots of pussy!

So much pussy, Daddy! Deidre squealed, sounding like she was about to cum, too. I love eating pussy so much!

That's wonderful, honey, he said. Hayward Manor needs a girl like you!

I loved it. My orgasm exploded through me at that. My pussy convulsed from the sure perversity going on right now. My asshole spasmed around the vibrator, the waves of delight rushing through my body. I shuddered there, my face contorting with delight.

You make cum! gasped Ji-Woo. Her body bucked on the hood of my car. You good slut! Yes, yes, you make me cum hard!

Yay! Deidre buried to the hilt in her and bucked. I'm cumming, too! Watch me cum, Daddy! 

I am, honey. He smiled at her, so proud of his whore-daughter cumming fucking a Korean MILF.
 
My body shuddered through the rapture. The waves of delight swept through me. They were so amazing to feel. I loved them so much. I drowned in ecstasy as the two maids squealed before me. I shuddered, my orgasm carrying me higher.

My Master-Nephew would love the three maids I brought. I sucked in a deep breath, loving this passion. I shuddered, savoring the pleasure. A wave of delight swept through me. I sucked in a deep breath.

I loved being owned by Lance.

Deidre and Ji-Woo kissed as they shuddered through their orgasm. I smiled at the sight. It was time to go. I slipped into the car, leaving the vibrator in my asshole. That felt so wicked. Seo-Yun slipped into the passenger seat. 

I honked the horn.

The two sluts making out broke apart. Ji-Woo and Deidre both had smiles. The naughty slut darted over to hug her daddy and kiss him on the cheek. Then she raced back to the car and slid in. He waved goodbye as we drove off.

I headed back to the manor and parked the car in the garage. I headed in through the open ballroom door. Cali entered it as we were crossing it. Her purple eyes flicked over the women. She nodded to us.

Their rooms are ready, she purred. This way. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lance Hayward

Bella pulled the car up to the front of the house. Cali and Tabitha were waiting out front, both in their maid uniforms. Cali rushed down to the driver's door and opened it for me, curtsying. Welcome back, Master.

Welcome back, Master! Tabitha squealed. I'll park the car.

Thanks, I said as she hopped in. Bella, Mrs. Kenning, and Opal slid out of the car.

I have a room ready for them, said Cali. Their uniforms are inside. Your little sister is back with two virgins she is desperate for you to deflower.

I grinned. Only two? I guess the church didn't pan out.

Not as much as she hoped, Cali said. Though your aunt returned with three sluts, and one of them she did not pick up at the massage parlor.

Have fun, Bella said. I should help with the cleaning. How's it going.

Well, Cali answered. The Imprisoned are being pressed back into peaceful sleep so they do not cause problems.

I nodded, glad to hear that. 

I entered into the bustle of the manor. The new painting was in the entry hall. Malevolence. Sister Martha Ruth was polishing it with a vengeance, wearing her nun's habit. I hoped Opal would continue to wear her bridal veil. That was hot.

I headed up the stairs, passing maids who all paused to curtsy. They were all smiling at me with such eagerness. I passed my cousin Deborah, Mrs. White, Brenda, Asuka, and Gloria as I headed to the living quarters.

In here! called my little sister as I passed one of the maid's rooms. This is Rashimi's room and look, she has a friend!

I stared at the bed where there were two girls wrapped up in ribbons. They were both so cute, one was White and the other Indian. The pink went well on them both, hiding their boobs and their pussies. My grin spread from ear to ear.

I didn't know it was my birthday, I said.

I know, it came early this year, Master Big Brother, cooed my little sister. They're both just so eager for you. Don't keep them waiting. I have to help with the cleaning, but just make sure you're thoroughly satiated. That's what we're here for.

I pulled her to me and whispered in her ear, I want you to pick out an engagement ring for Bella. A few different choices so I can pick the final one. But don't tell.

She gasped in delight. I'll start doing some online shopping to find the first one.

Good, I said as my little sister darted off.

I turned to my gifts and smiled at them squirming there. They both were so cute and innocent, and so horny all at the same time. They wanted me the way only a virgin could lust for someone. They knew they wanted me, but they weren't quite sure what it would be like.

I peeled off my t-shirt, my dick throbbing before me. I was so ready to just ram it into them both. It would be so hot to fuck them so hard. I would make them squeal. That would be excellent to do to them. My cock was aching for it.

They watched me, quivering on the bed as I unsnapped my jeans. I shoved it off. Their eyes widened as I pushed my boxers down with my pants. My cock popped out before them. They quivered, rubbing against each other.

Master Lance, breathed the Indian maid.

Oh, Master Lance, groaned the White virgin. I've wanted this for so long. I didn't even know how badly I wanted it, but I do now.

I went to the Indian. With her red-brown skin, she was just delicious. I pulled on the bow covering her boobs. The ribbon whisked against itself. The knot came undone. I unveiled all of her round breasts. She quivered in delight as I tugged on the other.

I loved that sound of the knot coming undone. Silk on silk. I exposed her trimmed bush. I licked my lips, hungry to devour her. I grabbed her by the waist, loving how slim she felt in my hands. I lifted her with my strength, wanting to show off. I hefted her over to the dresser and sat her on it. She gasped, her round boobs jiggling.

Master, she groaned.

What's your name? I asked, pushing her thighs apart and leaning in to feast on her virgin pussy.

Rashimi, Master. Her liquid, brown eyes stared down at me. They trembled with a mix of apprehension and eagerness. 

I nuzzled into her trimmed bush, her tart aroma filling my nose with her scent. I licked at her. I stroked my tongue through her folds. She groaned as I did that. She arched her back, her little boobs jiggling over my head. I stroked through her folds again and again. I loved the taste of her. I savored how delicious she was.

Master, she groaned as I brushed her hymen. I felt her virginity. She was so wet and ready for me. Oh, Master, I love you!

I felt Zeta watching as I tongued at that hot pussy. I licked and lapped at her. I stroked over her juicy flesh. I loved the feel of her. My cock ached to be in her. To fuck her. I could just fuck her. She was mine to love. I owned her.

I pulled my mouth from her cunt and smiled at her. You want to be fucked hard, don't you?
Yes, Master, she moaned as I grabbed her hips and lifted her off the dresser. I stepped to the side and pressed her against the wall. I kissed her with my lips stained in her pussy juices.

She melted against me, her arms and legs going around my body out of instinct. I kissed her while she quivered there, waiting for me to act. She didn't know how to kiss me back. That was okay. She would learn so much.

I gripped her hips and shifted my waist. I nuzzled my cock into her bush and found the folds of her pussy. I pushed into her pussy lips and found her hymen. She moaned into my lips as I drilled against her virginity. It was such a hot thing to do.

Her hymen stretched before me. Rashimi whimpered into my lips. 

Her cherry popped.

She squealed while I groaned. I sank into the heaven of her virgin pussy. I loved the feel of her untouched flesh around my dick. I savored that hot snatch gripping me. I went deeper and deeper into her cunt. Her hot flesh squeezed around me.

I gripped her rump as we made out. I loved the feel of her mouth on me. My tongue thrust into her mouth. I swirled around in her mouth as she had all my dick in her deflowered pussy. Rashimi trembled against me, her cunt so hot around me.

Wow, Master, the other maid groaned. I can't wait for my turn.

I broke the kiss with Rashimi and looked over my shoulder at the busty one still gift-wrapped for me. What's your name?

Zeta, Master Lance. She smiled shyly at me. I just want to make you happy. Like your sister.

I winked at her as I drew back my cock. Rashimi's pussy clenched down on me. She gripped me. I savored that hot grip around my dick. It was fantastic. I slammed my dick back into her cunt. I buried to the hilt in her snatch, loving every second of being in her twat. 

She moaned, squeezing her deflowered cunt around me. She gripped my dick as I fucked into her pussy with all the force I had. I held her pinned to the wall as I drilled in and out of her cunt. I fucked her with powerful strokes.

I buried my dick deep and hard into her. I plowed into her with such force. She groaned, squeezing her snatch around my dick. She held me tight with that hot pussy. I loved the way she massaged me. It was a fantastic rush to have her hot juicy snatch around me.

Fuck, fuck, fuck, I groaned. Oh, damn, that's good. That's really, really good!

It is, Master! she moaned, her pussy clamping down on me. Oh, wow! Oh, my, yes! Master! Master! This is the best thing I've ever felt in my life!

Goddamn, was anything sexier to hear than that?

I pumped away at her pussy I fucked her cunt hard and fast. I thrust into her again and again. I loved the feel of her twat around me. She held me tight with that hot snatch. I fucked her hard and fast. I pounded her cunt with my big dick.

She whimpered and shuddered against me. She held me tight with her arms, legs, and her pussy. I loved it. I fucked into her snatch over and over again. I pounded her with force. I fucked her with all that I had. 

Master! Master! She squeezed her twat around my cock. Oh, I love you, Master!

She loves you so much! Zeta whimpered from the bed, still waiting to be unwrapped.

I grinned as I fucked hard into that hot twat. I pounded her with everything that I had. I couldn't wait to cum in her pussy. I was so ready to just spurt all my cum into that hot and hungry hole. I thrust my way into her with force. I fucked her with all that I had, ramming into her cunt with passion.

She gripped my cock as she squirmed against the wall. The naughty virgin squeezed her twat down around me. She held me with passion. I loved that so much. I savored how she massaged me with her delicious snatch.

I pumped away at her. I fucked her with hard thrusts. I shuddered, burying into her cunt with everything that I had. It was a rush to fuck her like that. Just a wonderful moment of delight to hammer her cunt with everything that I had.

Yes, yes, yes, she whimpered as I fucked her cunt again and again. I loved how she held me tight. Ooh, that's so good. That's just amazing. I love it!

And I loved fucking her. I loved pounding her cunt with my dick. I hammered her pussy with force. I thrust to the hilt in her snatch again and again, savoring the way she held my dick with her hot pussy. She massaged me with that delicious snatch. 

My nuts tightened. She trembled in my arms, her big boobs rubbing into my chest. I savored that hot snatch gripping me with her hot flesh. She held me tight. I shuddered, pumping away hard and fast at her cunt as she gasped out in delight.

Master! Rashimi squealed.

She came on my dick.

Shit! I groaned, fucking her cunt hard and fast. Oh, damn, that's good!

Her hot flesh convulsed around my cock. I groaned, plowing into her spasming cunt. My nuts tightened. I erupted into my newest maid. I pumped my jizz into her twat. I flooded her with my seed, the ecstasy slamming into my mind.

Stars burst across my vision. Pleasure rushed through my mind. I groaned as I pumped blast after blast of my cum into her pussy. I shuddered as I savored that heat rushing through my body. It was an outstanding passion to feel surging through me.

Oh, yes, yes, yes, I grunted as I flooded her pussy with my jizz.

Oh, Master! she moaned, her pussy writhing around my dick. Oh, yes, yes, Master!

I savored the heat of her cunt writhing around my dick. Stars flashed across my vision. I groaned with each blast of cum that flooded her twat. The passion swept through me as her cunt milked my cock. She worked out all the jizz in my nuts.

I fired the last of my cum into her. I kissed Rashimi as I pulled her from the wall. She clung to me, quivering in my arms. She was such a sweetie. I turned around and placed her on the bed beside Zeta. I pulled out of her and smiled at my second gift.

Master Lance, Zeta groaned, her big boobs jiggling beneath the pink ribbon.

I grabbed it and tugged.

I groaned at the beauty of her big boobs spilling into sight. They were such delicious tits. I smiled at her, my cock so hard. I was so ready to fuck her hard. I would take her and pound her cunt. She would squeal in delight.

I kneaded her big boobs. I reveled in how they felt around my hands. They were delicious to feel. I loved kneading them. They felt wonderful in my grip. She smiled up at me as she squirmed there. I winked at her and ducked my head down.

I latched onto a pink nipple and suckled.

Master! she gasped

I loved how she trembled beneath me as I suckled on her n
zub. She squirmed in such a delightful way. This was perfect. I flicked my tongue around her areola. I stroked her, loving the feel of her. She groaned, her back arching as I did this. 

Ooh, that looks fun, Rashimi said and leaned over. She latched onto the other nipple.

She suckled with me. We were both driving Zeta wild. She squirmed on her back. I danced my tongue around her nipple. She had a great one. I nibbled on her, hungering for every bit of her. My dick throbbed to take her.

I popped my nub off her nipple and glanced at Rashimi. Lean against the headboard with your legs spread wide.

Yes, Master! the Indian Maid cooed. She moved into position and spread her legs wide. My cum matted her black bush.

I grabbed Zeta's last ribbon and pulled. The ribbon whisked and revealed that she had a thick bush. I smiled at that as I grabbed her and flipped her over onto her hands and knees. She gasped as she was between her friend's thighs.

Zeta understood. The virgin was delicious. 

She ducked her head down and licked at Rashimi's sloppy cunt. I loved having one maid lick another clean. That really made my dick throb. I aimed it at her thick bush. I pushed into her black curls and found her pussy lips.

Zeta moaned as I nuzzled into her virgin folds. They parted. Her hymen warded the way deeper.

Pop my cherry, please, Master! whimpered Zeta into Rashimi's pussy.

That's the plan, I growled and thrust against her virginity.

I pushed on her hymen. She moaned as I did that. It was an incredible rush to push against another cherry. I thrust harder and harder. She whimpered as her maidenhead stretched, her virginity trying to keep her pure.

But she was my maid.

I thrust hard and ripped through her cherry and into her pussy. Her deflowered depths welcomed me with wet warmth. Her silky walls squeezed about me, massaging the crown of my cock. I groaned as I sank to the hilt in her snatch.

Oh, yes, I groaned, savoring that hot snatch around my dick. Zeta!

Master! she cooed in delight. Oh, I'm a woman! You're a woman! You're maid!

Forever, I groaned and gripped her hips. I pulled back, savoring the feel of her cunt around my dick. I drew back. She whimpered, her pussy gripping my dick. She felt outstanding around me. I smiled as I thrust back into her twat. Forever. You are all mine forever!

I pumped away at her pussy. I fucked her cunt hard and fast. She moaned, licking my jizz out of Rashimi's cunt. The Indian Maid shuddered, her face twisting with delight. She humped against Zeta's mouth, loving what the cutie did to her.

Oh, yes, yes, Zeta, whimpered Rashimi. Clean out all of Master's cum!

Yes! I growled.

I pumped away at Zeta's cunt. I savored that heat around my dick. Her pussy gripped my cock with that wonderful sheath. I plowed deep and hard into her twat. I fucked her with all that I had. I buried into her again and again. 

She squeezed her snatch around my cock. She held me tight as I fucked her with such force. I plowed to the hilt in her cunt. It was a magnificent delight to plow over and over into her deflowered depths as she feasted upon Rashimi's cunt.

Oh, Master, that's so good, she moaned. 

Isn't it, I groaned as I pumped away at her.

Ooh, ooh, just fuck her so hard, Rashimi moaned. She quivered there, humping back against Zeta's face. Fuck her, Master! That's what she wants. We've always dreamed of our hunky man taking us hard. We just thought he'd be our husband.

But you're so incredible, Master Lance, Zeta moaned. You're better than a husband. You're our wonder!

Yes! Rashimi moaned.

Damn, I groaned. I love you two!

Zeta squealed in delight, her pussy clamping down on my cock. Rashimi beamed at me, her round tits jiggling. Then she groaned, loving what Zeta did to her. This was all so exciting. I loved this so much as I pumped away at her cunt.

I fucked her pussy hard and fast. I plowed into her twat again and again, hurtling toward that moment when I would spurt all my cum into her snatch. I flooded her with all that I had. It was so wonderful to fuck her like this.

She squeezed her cunt down on my dick, wiggling her hips. She stirred her hot pussy around my cock. It was fantastic to enjoy her doing that. I loved it as I buried to the hilt in her twat. I slammed deep and hard into her cunt.

Shit, I groaned. Oh, shit, that's good. That's so amazing!

I couldn't stop thrusting away at her. I fucked her hard and fast. I buried to the hilt in her cunt again and again. My nuts slapped into her bush as she moaned into Rashimi's cunt. Zeta gripped me with that fantastic pussy. She held me tight as I fucked into her twat again and again.

Yes, yes, yes, that's it, I groaned. I'm going to cum in you, Zeta!

Please, please, Master! she moaned. I want to be flooded with your seed and have your baby!

Rashimi nodded, her face twisting with feverish delight.

I loved this so much.

I fucked into Zeta's cunt, building toward that eruption. Her pussy massaged the crown of my dick. I hurtled closer and closer to it. A big smile spread on my lips as I enjoyed every second of that hot, juicy cunt I fucked.

Owning a harem of maids was the best.

Fuck! I groaned as Zeta's pussy convulsed around my dick.

Master! she squealed, rubbing her face into Rashimi's cunt. Please, please, cum in my pussy! Flood me with all your jizz!

Yes, please, Master! Rashimi gasped. Her back arched and red-brown boobs jiggled. Oh, my, yes! Zeta!

She bucked, too, drowning Zeta in pussy cream. I loved that delight as I buried my cock into that hot pussy. I loved how her snatch rippled around my dick. It was just so fantastic. I loved the way she suckled at me. She nursed with all that hot flesh around my dick.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned, savoring that pleasure surging around my cock. I erupted.

I pumped my cum into that delicious pussy. I flooded her with all that jizz that I had in my nuts. I growled out in delight as I spurted my seed into her twat. She suckled at me, working out the jizz in my nuts. 

Ecstasy exploded through me like a rocket. Cum jetted out of my dick into Zeta's hot cunt. I groaned as the euphoria hammered my mind. I soared so high, into the stratosphere of rapture. I grunted as I erupted one last time.

Damn, I groaned and pulled out of her cunt.

She quivered in delight and crawled up Rashimi's body. They melted together into a kiss. I loved that sight. I smiled at them as I headed out of their bedroom into the hallway. The sun was setting, but the house just felt so much safer.

I headed into the living area, my stomach rumbling. I expected to see my mother cooking dinner, but no one was. I blinked at that. The living area was full of nuns who were lounging after spending the day cleaning. 

Would you like a massage, Master, Aunt Nancy asked. She had a busty, Korean maid with her. A MILF with a hungry gleam in her eyes. She can give you a happy ending.

Just wondering where my mom is. Shouldn't she be starting dinner?

Aunt Nancy blinked. Oh, well, we have so many maids now. She's probably using the big kitchens.

Oh, right, I said. I think I'll go see if I can snatch something. I'm starving.

Young men always are. Aunt Nancy winked at me in a saucy way.

Chuckling, I headed out of the mansion, Alice following me out. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ms. Lynette Docea

Abigail and I arrived at the apartment of her friend, Marsha. The naked maid, wearing only her gray garter, knocked on the door. She was a great addition to the harem. An expert on Mesoamerican Mythology. But I wanted an expert in the British Isles.

The door opened and Marsha stood there. She was supposed to be an expert in Celtic Mythology with a Ph.D. in that field. Oh, hey, Abigail, how are you doing?

Job recruiting, Abigail answered.

I studied Marsha. She wore glasses, which I quite like, and had a slender build. Her brown hair fell long and straight. She was in her late twenties and definitely kept in good shape. She was pretty, not as hot as some of the harem members, but she had her charms.

I studied her small apartment, too. Her coffee table was scattered with papers. She looked to be grading them, she was a college teacher. She was also in the middle of eating Chinese takeout, a half-drunk beer on the end table. The TV was on a documentary about the history of antibiotics.

 I nodded, approving of what I saw here.

I opened the cedar case and pulled out a gray garter. The look on Marsha's face was priceless. The joy. The excitement. She tore off her clothes, so ready to be a Scientist-Maid for Master Hayward. I was so glad I had found two great additions to the harem.

Marsha pulled off her t-shirt. She had a gray sports bra on beneath. She pulled that off, her round boobs bounced out. I smiled and cupped one, squeezing it as she started unsnapping the jeans she wore. Not tight jeans. Comfortable one.

Her panties were plain, boring. She shoved those off, too. A thick bush appeared dripping with her juices. She shuddered as she stripped fully naked. She quivered there, staring at me with this look of such hope on her face.

She raised her left.

I knelt before her, loving how flawless her skin was. That was just perfect. I slipped the garter on her, the gray looking so perfect against her light beige hue. I worked it up and up. She adjusted her glasses, beaming.

I'm Master Hayward's now, she groaned as I settled the garter in place. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lance Hayward

I arrived at the kitchen and found my two daughters busy at work. Angela and Virginia were moving about with the same skill that Mom had in the kitchen. They had all her memories and knowledge, after all. They were working with such skills together.

Hey, Master Daddy, Angela said, smiling at me.

You seen Mom? I asked.

No, she said as she lifted the lid on something bubbling away. Ooh, that's good.

She's probably giving birth to our sister, said Virginia. You knocked her up this morning, remember?

Oh, yeah, I said. That made sense.

I left behind the kitchen and moved through the house. Alice followed behind me, the Black maid's skirt rustling. The house was a bustle with activity. We were almost to half capacity on the maids if not more so. That was exciting. It was clean and felt... so much safer to move about in. We didn't have to hide in our rooms at night.

At least not in the evening. 

I headed up the stairs and reached the third floor. I passed the maids as they were gathering into their rooms, doors open as they talked. They all curtsied as I passed, saying, Master Lance or Master Hayward.

I nodded to them. I entered the living area and passed through it to get to the main bedrooms. I supposed I could have cut through a maid's room to the servant's hallway, but that felt weird to do. I reached Mom's door and knocked.

No answer.

I knocked harder in case she was sleeping. Still no answer. I opened the door and found a neatly made bed. Worry bubbled through my stomach. I closed the door tight and hurried back down the hallway, April keeping up with me.

Hey, Master-Big Bro, my little sister said. What do you want to watch tonight? Want to try out that new Game of Thrones show?

I waved her away and head to Cali. She was lurking in the corner, as usual. She arched an eyebrow at me as I came up to her. Have you seen my mother?

No, Cali said, her purple eyes fixated on me. Have you lost her?

I think so, shit. I whirled around and spotted Aunt Nancy. Your sister's missing! Get the maids to start scouring the house and the grounds right now!

Yes, Master! Nancy gasped, her back straightening.

Mom's missing? Kylie's face paled. Her eyes trembled. 

Let's move, Maids! Nancy snapped. Let's flood the house! Come on! We have a missing maid. Move your ass!

She marched out of the living area, the maids following her. She shouted in the hallway, getting more maids in on the search. I followed out, Alice still ghosting behind me. I spotted Bella and her mother rushing down the stairs. The maids were flooding out through the house. 

I started going to the second floor, opening doors, passing creepy panting and statues. There was so much evil in this house. Things were changing, but we couldn't lose sight of the fact that there were dangerous creatures down here that wouldn't hesitate to tear us all apart.

Fuck, fuck, fuck.

I ended up in the entry hall, passing back and forth as the maids were moving through the house. Others had gone outside to look around the grounds. She had to be around here somewhere. I glanced at Cali.

She was staying near me. She stood by a statue of a beautiful woman. Big tits, black eyes, and... fangs. Of course, she had fangs. 

I clasped my hands behind my back, my heart pounding a million beats a second. She was okay. She had to be okay. I wasn't about to lose my maid. I wasn't. Clammy sweat soaked my t-shirt to my chest. My guts twisted into cold knots.

You'd know if she was dead, right? I asked Cali.

I would have her garter, she said. She still lives.

I closed my eyes. She still lived. That was the important thing. She lived, and we would find her. We would get her back safe and sound. M mother was safe and sound. I wasn't about to lose her. I wouldn't lose any of my maids, but not my mother.

Izzy burst into the entry hall from the west wing. We found something in the woods, Master! Aunt Nancy asks you to come!

Let's go, I said. Cali, come on. And... Ms. Docea, with us!

She was just entering the house, returned from her errand, with two naked maids with her. What's going on, Master?

Just follow! I shouted as Izzy darted back the way she came. I raced after her. We burst into the ballroom and went out the door to the garage. We passed the garage, heading to the woods at the back of the estate.

Aunt Nancy was standing there with two of those Korean maids she had recruited today. When we reached the woods, she led us deeper down a trail. It was dark and quiet beneath her. The sun was setting face. I could feel something here.

Right here, said Aunt Nancy, motioning to a spot by a tree. That's... I don't know what that is on the ground.

Something dark and inky had stained the ground, the dried leaves on it, even a fallen twig. A puddle of it that flowed toward a set of two footprints. My power pulsed in me. I thought, for a moment, I saw a tear.

What the fuck is that? I demanded. It's not blood.

No, said Cali. She bent down and swiped her finger through it. She had some stains on her. She licked it. Corrupted amniotic fluid. Your mother gave birth to one of the Imprisoned. The Seductress. She used your mother to be freed.

What? I demanded.

Your mother must have fallen under the Seductress's spell, said Cali. She fixed her purple eyes on me. When you impregnated her this morning, it provided the medium for her rebirth. Your mother must have fallen under the Seductress's power sometime after Virginia was born and before you impregnated her.

That's the middle of the night, Ms. Docea said. She would have been in the wards.

Unless she left them, Cali said. 

That means she must have been, what, charmed? Ms. Docea asked. Before she was fully... ensnared.

Cali nodded. I thought... I thought I saw her behaving strangely around the Seductress's statue, but she had her cleaning supplies. We split up to clean the house yesterday. My apologies for my oversight. I thought the garter would have protected her. She must have had... a susceptibility to charms.

How could that happen.

If she had been charmed by an Imprisoned once before, perhaps. Cali shrugged. I can only speculate.

The how doesn't matter, Master, Aunt Nancy cut in as more maids were flooding in. It just matters where they went.

Yes, where are they? I demanded.

The Seductress has retreated to the Otherworld, said Cali. She swept her hand through where I thought I saw that tear. It flashed purple for a moment. It happened a few hours ago.

Shit, I growled. Then we have to go after her. Open the way, Cali!

Yes, yes, yes, Kylie said as she quivered on the edge of the clearing. Do it, Cali!

I won't do that, Cali said, fixing me with her purple eyes.

You won't? Anger rippled through me. Which means you can and are refusing my command.

Cali nodded. You do not have an heir, Master Hayward.

Fuck that! I shook with rage. You open the way right the fuck now!

Yes, Aunt Nancy said, her voice as cold as ice. Or I will bind you with fire until you do.

Your powers do not affect me. Cali flicked her gaze toward me. I am sorry, Master, but this is a request that you cannot make me fulfill.

My mother is on the other side! I grabbed her arms. You will obey me.

It is in my contract. If you break the contract, then I am no longer bound to the Haywards. A smile spread on her lips and her purple eyes gleamed. That would be a mistake you would regret, Master. I cannot open the way to the Otherworld for you to enter if you do not have an heir! The bloodline is more important than one woman.

Keily's my heir! I pointed to my sister standing right there. 

She's a woman. Cali flicked her gaze over her. If she had a son, he could be your heir, but she does not. You are the only male Hayward in the world, Master. You die without an Heir, the Hay has no guardian and the Imprisoned have no jailer.

I'm pregnant! Bella rushed up from the growing group of maids. I know I am. I must have the heir in my womb. I can have his son!

Cali put her hand on my Maid-Wife's belly. Those haunting, purple eyes closed. A smile spread on her lips. A look of relief crossed her face. She does have your son in her womb, Master. He is but a day old. This is a risk. If you do not come back, it will be seventeen years and nine months before there is a new master to Hayward Manor. The maids can still clean until then, but they won't be able to do much else. They could maintain the prison, but not capture any more who cross over. You risk the world for one maid.

My Mother-Maid! I roared.

I can make a new silver garter once she dies. Her eyes bored into mine. And she will, Master. You will fail to save her.

Fuck that. We're going right the fuck now!

Cali curtsied. As you command, Master Hayward. 

To be continued...
