 *** Warning - the story below contains material of a sexual nature not
suitable for children.  Children should not read!  ***

   ** All characters are intended to be fictional.  **

   * This is my second posting of a story to the web (to confuse you, the second part of my first story) - I'd appreciate your comments, which you can post here:
http://www1.asstr.org/cgi-bin/ah_feedback.cgi?id=APGZETGAELWHQFINKFNT

   - Ephebophile, 3.02.2011 *



   Sofia - part 2


After my drunken night with Sofia, and the morning following it, she had told me she needed to get home, and I had walked her as far as she'd let me - a few streets from her family's flat. I guess she didn't want any questions at home. It turned out she lived in a relatively wealthy area - more luxurious and more nicely decorated shops, more handsome buildings, more trees. It was really quite pretty. She'd told me that both her parents were doctors, and that she had neither brothers nor sisters, so I guess that explained her relative wealth.

It explained a bit more, too, I thought as I wandered back home - she had a maturity that I thought came from her parent's status, and I felt that maybe her sexual appetite was a product of her intelligence, also coming from her parents.

We hadn't talked at all about seeing each other again. While I had fucked her, eaten her pussy, kissed her, and fingered her ass, I was still uneasy about her age, and couldn't bring myself to request a fourteen year old to see me again. She was mature, certainly, but nevertheless it felt more like I should be asking her what sports she played at school, or what her favourite subject was, or what she wanted to be when she grew up. Or if she was interested in boys yet...

I didn't do much for the remainder of Sunday except sleep and wank. I think it was three times. Sofia's body and her responses to our sex were fresh in my mind, and turned me on more the more I thought about it.

On the Monday morning I forced myself to do a bit of writing, although I did wank again once or twice more. I pictured Sofia on her hands and knees on my bed, her olive skin and dark hair against the white of my sheets. I'd mount her doggy style and fuck her until she couldn't take any more, then cum all over her face...

But my mind wandered further. If Sofia's friends were all out clubbing too, who could know how many teens I could pick up in the city of Sofia? How many tight cunts I could stretch open? How each one would taste? How many nipples I could suck that had not been sucked before? I even went as far as looking up the age of consent in Bulgaria, and was surprised and relieved to discover it was fourteen. I could fuck pretty much any fertile woman in the country without it being a legal problem!

I doubted, though, that any other younger teens would be as - what's the correct word? *womanly* as Sofia, even if I came across another. There was just something about her, her natural enjoyment of sex, her open-mindedness, her comfort around a man, her wantonness...

After each bout of masturbation I would get back to my writing, though it was going pretty badly with such huge distractions. Sometimes something just hits you sexually, some undiscovered vein of eroticism that proves rich, and this was what I had come across, having more-or-less accidentally found myself in bed with a fourteen year old.

About five in the afternoon I decided to go for a run, hoping it would clear my head, or maybe that I'd sight some girls around the place while I ran. I got into my running things and pushed my front door open, checking for my keys in my pockets again, because really I would have been a bit fucked trying to explain to anyone I'd locked myself out. Bulgarian was all Greek to me still.

Sofia was there in the stairwell, down a quarter of a flight of stairs. She wore a black skirt to half way down her thighs, a white button-up shirt, and had her hair up. I looked at her keenly, not saying a word, only staring at her, as she stared at me, and descended those few stairs. I walked right up to her, until she had to angle her head up to look me in the eye. We stood there for ten, twenty seconds, taking in each other's faces as well as each other's eyes, and imperceptibly leaning in to one another as the intensity rose.
 
Then I couldn't help it and snatched her off her feet, grabbing her asscheeks, and squeezing her into my body, and carried her straight up and through my open apartment door. As we hurriedly crossed the living room on the way to my bedroom, she began to kiss my neck frantically, even licking the underside of my chin. I threw her onto my bed, had my cock free in a second, pushed up her skirt and shoved her panties aside, and rammed my cock straight up inside her. She fucking screamed. I shifted my weight to get maximum leverage, and rammed it in again, then pistoned as hard as I could in and out of her, a complete animal. I grabbed her arms and spread each out above the line of her shoulders, and pinned them there, fucking her and fucking her. She screamed still, but her legs spread wider and wider, until she lifted her knees and wrapped her legs around my ass, inviting me to do whatever I wished. She had already been wet the moment I entered her, but after a few seconds she was dripping, and I slid in and out of her even faster, my balls slapping loudly against her ass.
 
She came after about a minute. Her screams had become moans, but then there was near silence as she grimaced, and just a few 'ah's escaped her mouth as her cunt spasmed. I watched her with a trace of fascination through the mist of my lust, but didn't let up with my destruction of her cunt. Suddenly her expression turned into something almost like horror, or maybe complete amazement, and her great orgasm turned into something incredible - her whole body bucked and stiffened, and she screamed a different scream, something that hurt my ears. Her orgasm was so intense, her cunt squeezed me so hard it almost hurt - but I kept fucking, and she kept screaming and bucking - until I was going to cum, and I pulled out of her cunt, let go of her arms, grabbed her hair, shifted my cock up to her mouth, forced my cock inside it, and came like crazy.  Even though I'd already made myself cum a few times that day, my body found some kind of reserve of sperm, and I shot soooo much into her mouth. I don?t know how long it lasted, but it seemed an age, and she must have swallowed it all down, because there was just nowhere else for it to go. I held myself in her mouth about a minute after the last shot of sperm, and then dismounted her and fell to her side on the bed. I panted, soaked in sweat.

I lay like that until I heard her speak. "What did you do to me?" she asked, but did not accuse.

I lifted my head and saw she was feeling her mound and the bed linen around her. Raising my head higher, I could see there was a large wet patch around her legs. It must have been about a metre in diameter. 

I let myself fall back onto the bed, and laughed an exhausted, happy laugh. "I think I fucked you well," I said.

"But...the bed...it's so wet?"

"It came out of your pussy when you orgasmed, I'd say."

"It's not...how do you call it...sweat?"

"I don't think so."

"Sperm?"

"I came in your mouth."

"Yes...I have never had it before," she confessed.

"Uhm...well, I'm sorry," I said, not knowing what else to say.

"It was not bad," she said slowly. "I did not think I would like it."

I propped my head up on my hand, my elbow bent, and looked at her face. "Haven't you ever sucked cock before?" I asked her, curious.

"Sucked cock?" she repeated.

"You know, taken the guy's cock in your mouth, sucked it?" I slipped my other hand underneath her shirt and rested it on her belly, and circled gently.

"No. I do not like it."

"But you just had me in your mouth..."

"Yes."

"It was ok?"

"I did not think. I could not think."

I smiled. "I wonder why that was?"

She smiled too. Then she pulled her legs up, away from the wet patch, and sat at the head of the bed, her arms around her knees. I removed my hand as she did this. "Look at how wet it is!" she said, staring at the wet patch.

I looked at it too. It really was something, as though someone had pissed on it.

"It's called 'female ejaculation'," I said. "When a man cums, and his sperm shoots out, we call that 'ejaculation'. It's a word that's normally only used for men, but when some women orgasm, they sometimes release a lot of liquid - it's also called squirting, female ejaculation or squirting" I finished my lecture. "I guess that's what you did, although I can't really remember feeling it."

"It was incredible orgasm. Incredible."

I leaned over and kissed her, and she kissed me back with some passion. "I'm glad you liked it," I said.

"I never knew this was possible," she said, pointing at her patch of ejaculate.

"Well...seeing is believing. How are you feeling now?" I asked.

"Good. Very good."

I snaked my hand in underneath her legs and felt her cunt through her panties. It was soaked. I wanted to eat it.
 
"Can I eat your pussy? Could you take it right now?" I asked as I stroked it.

She looked at me with a hint of mischief in her green eyes. "Maybe," she said.
 
She reached down and slipped her panties off herself in a single movement, tucking her skirt up as she did so. Then she turned towards me and pushed me onto my back, and swung a leg over my body, sitting on my chest. I felt the wetness of her sodden cunt against my skin.

"You want to eat my pussy?" she asked me, provocatively.

"Give me it," I begged. Fuck, she looked so amazingly hot, her wavy, brunette hair cascading over her shoulders, her aroused eyes looking down at me like prey, her breasts large and proud, her nipples firm and prominent.
 
She ran her fingers into my hair and took a firm hold of it, and slid towards me, then raised herself on her knees, giving me a perfect sight of her cunt, her inner lips swollen and the whole thing glistening. Her asshole peaked out from between her asscheeks, her skin a little darker around it.
  
Then abruptly she lowered herself straight onto my face, gave me a face-full of her hairy cunt. It was almost like a slap. Her fingers tightened in my hair and she pulled me further into her pussy, completely smothering me in it. A moment later she was grinding into me, making a circling motion...I think she must have been trying to stimulate her clit that way. Her hair brushed my nose, and her strong aroma filled my lungs.

I stuck my tongue out and started trying to get a good taste of her. But she was moving about so much it was hard to do anything properly - all I got was fleeting tastes of her cunt juices. My lips were being squished and stretched and my tongue pummelled. She grabbed at my hair tighter still, and her breathing became audible pants, but something close to a sigh too. She gradually got a bit rougher - she seemed to be fucking my face with the same roughness I fucked her cunt with not long earlier. She started having mini-orgasms - pausing suddenly, moaning - then back into her rhythm, building quickly up to another mini-orgasm. I had placed my hands on the small of her back, and I trying to pull her cunt into me, because it was just heaven. I could have lain there all day, eating that glorious pussy.
 
As her intensity built, her grinding-thrusting got more pronounced, her clit now rubbing against my nose. She was going crazy. Soon I discovered she was just about putting her asshole in reach of my tongue, and with my lust I started to seek it out. There - I got it - and she shifted herself immediately, forcing her asshole down on my tongue, and for maybe ten seconds I rimmed her fucking hot asshole, and she made a moan I hadn't heard before. But it only set off a rougher face fuck. Now moments of the taste of her cunt again, and she was fucking my face with no care at all for me. Then a high-pitched moan, a rush of fluid to my tongue, and Sofia dismounted and collapsed like I had done not too long before.
 
Jesus. It was just incredible. I'd never had any woman fuck my face with her cunt like that. Nothing even close. And Sofia just went for it, let herself go and took her pleasure. What a woman! Girl! Woman! My nose was a bit sore, my lips perhaps a little swollen, and most of my face damp, but boy was I pleased. Sex is all give and take - it's a nice trip sometimes to be in control, but if you're always in control it can become a bit predictable - much better for your partner to take the lead too, to have your face fucked from time to time.

I lay there thinking of how orgasmic Sofia was proving to be. First a huge squirting orgasm, then at least one more big orgasm face fucking me, and several mini orgasms in the process, too. I wondered...

I rolled over to be leaning over Sofia's body. She had her eyes closed - must have been out in cloud land after her climaxes. She still wore her white button-up shirt, but it was sticky with sweat, clinging to her body, accentuating the swell of her breasts. I lowered my lips and kissed at them through her shirt and bra. Her eyelids fluttered with a touch of surprise, but then reverted to rest, even when I kissed her body again.

I placed my hand on her thigh. Her skirt was still mostly bunched up around her waist, but it concealed her hairy mound from me. In a moment, though, the hair above her lips was brushing the inside of my wrist, and my fingers were parting those wet, swollen lips as I pushed into her body while rubbing my fingers firmly up and down her slit. I could see it all in my mind's eye, that gorgeous, dilated, glistening cunt. Sofia's eyes started to flutter again, her breathing getting just perceptibly louder. I ran my fingers up and down her slit, I could feel the little bump of her clit, and she reacted with a special exhale each time I kneaded it...

But I didn't want to build her up. After a few strokes of her slit, I quickly slid two fingers into her hole. I plunged them in up to my knuckles, roughly, and with them lodged inside her, started to wriggle them round in a deep, energetic finger fucking.

For a moment it seemed to transport her to heaven. But the next moment her hands were frantically grabbing at my wrist, trying to dislodge my fingers from her cunt, her eyes wide in dismay.

"Stop! Please stop!" she pleaded. She'd sat up, and was looking at me with something like fear.

"Sorry..." I said, while being secretly pleased. "What's wrong?"

"It's... too many!"
 
"Too much?"

"Yes! My pussy can't have more now!"

I chuckled. "So I defeated your pussy, honey?"
 
"Yes..." she seemed to have trouble conceding.
 
I slid my fingers straight back into her hole. "You sure?"

"Yes, yes!" she said, pushing my wrist away again.

I looked into her eyes. "OK," I said softly, resting my hand on her thigh in a sign of peace. She leaned over to me and kissed my forehead.

I looked her over. "You wear this to school?" I said, suddenly curious.

"Yes."

"You came from school to here?"

"Yes."

"I'm glad you did..."

She smiled, and kissed me again. "Me too."

"Do you need to get home?"

She looked around. "What's the time?" she asked, as though she had no idea in the world.

I got up and went and found my phone. "Six, on the dot."

"Mmm," she murmured. "Yes I must go." She thought a bit. "Thank you for the fuck."

"My pleasure," I said, smiling. "Am I going to see you again?"

She rose, and kissed me, this time on my chest. "Tomorrow," she promised. She looked around and found her panties and slipped them back on, then started to walk out of the bedroom. I tagged along into the living room.

FUCK! My heart skipped a beat - fucking front door was still open! Jesus, who had heard us? What if someone had walked in? My oh my oh my!

Sofia was out the door before I could think again, and the door had closed.

* End part 2 *
         

        




    
