Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa Daughter's Naughty Temptation Chapter 2: Mommy Tempts Her Futa-Daughter
Summary: The futa's mother needs to find a way to control her daughter's lusts. Can she become a mommy slut to do it?
Keywords: hF inc oral creampie public exhib anal

Copyright 2020

This is very, very bad, whimpered Grace the Futa-Angel. Her motherly face, lit by the golden halo floating above the crown of her head, twisted with concern. Her long, blonde hair spilled down her back and amid her white-feathered wings. I'm going to be in so much trouble.

Spice had been bad. Again.

Last time she had escaped, she started a century of witch hunts in Germany. The inquisition had been searching for girls with the witch's mark on their bodies: their big, throbbing girl-dicks. So many innocent people were hurt.

Of course, the world had changed but, still, it was Grace's job to keep the futa-demon in check. She still didn't know how Spice did it. How she had so effortlessly left her prison behind. Grace had done everything to keep Spice's attention. Five hundred years of blowjobs and anal and then sucking the dirty dick clean and starting it over.

They had sex in every way two futas could.

Her slender figure quivered, her small breasts jiggling. She would be in so much trouble if she couldn't nip this in the bud. But Spice had already infected the first girl with lust. And a depraved form of it, too.

MILF lust. Mother lust. Incest. 

No, no, no, wailed Grace. What was she to do to stop this? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sky Marlow

I slid my girl-dick out of Mom's pussy. She gasped, shuddering. The wet glide my shaft made echoed around us. Then a plop and I was out of the very pussy that had birthed me. My new clit-dick bobbed before me.

Oh, my fucking god, that was amazing, I groaned, staring at my mother. She had cum drying on her face and on the front of her Sunday Dress. Reverend Matthews still droned on and on with his sermon, broadcasted through the speakers through the church's ladies' room.

How? groaned my uptight mother, her blonde hair swaying about her flushed face. You have a... a... a penis.

Please, Mom, it's a dick. I grabbed my wet shaft. I was still hard. I still had cum up in my pussy.

Your ovaries, the naughty futa-demon who had given me this gift whispered in my mind. she was peering over my mother's shoulder in the reflection of the mirror. A cute thing with red hair and black devil horns peeking out of the curls. She had a youthful face, adorable and cute like me. 

I was sixteen, my body slender and petite. I was cute as fuck. Hot as fuck. Sexy as goddamn fuck. I loved sex. With boys. With girls. It didn't matter. My mom could be such an uptight bitch who had given dad so little pussy he had left us.

I did not blame him.

I reveled in sex. I had come into the bathroom at church to masturbate to some hot porn my friend, Natalie, had sent me. Only the demon had appeared and fired her jizz through my phone's screen. My cock grew. I jacked off. Mom caught me. After a facial, she was overcome with lust for my dick. Blew me. Then I fucked her.

God, it had been hot.

How?

Does it matter? I asked. Mmm, you loved my great, big futa-dick fucking that frigid cunt. Mmm, how hard did you cum, Mommy dearest?

Sky! she gasped. really, you shouldn't talk like that to me. I'm your mother.

My mommy-whore, I said. God, the way you sucked my dick... If you ever blew Dad like that, he never would have left us.

She blushed and looked away.

God, you're so innocent. That was your first blowjob, wasn't it?

She nodded, her cheeks so red.

You're forty-fucking years old. That's so sad. I'm sixteen. I've fucked more guys than you, licked more cunts than you, and cum more times than you.

Sky! she groaned. You... you... With girls?

It's the twenty-first century. Most girls are down to eat the V. It's just fun. I like dicks better. Or I did. MILFs are turning me on.

MILFs?

Yeah. You. Mrs. Matthews. Natalie's mom. Mrs. Carson, Mrs. Juarez, Mrs. Greene, and fucking Mrs. Dancer. I shuddered. Mothers I'd Love to Fuck. MILFs.

They're married! gasped my mother.

I know, I groaned and fell to my knees. She still had her legs spread, her thick, blonde bush a tangled mess of cum, hiding her thick pussy lips. God, Mom, you don't even trim? You got 70's bush going on down there.

W-what are you doing? she asked as I leaned forward.

Going to eat your pussy, Mommy? I purred. Nothing like a creampie. I want to taste my cum out of your cunt. God, I bet you're not on birth control. I know sure as fuck you haven't hit menopause yet. I wonder if we made a baby.

Oh, Lord, Mom groaned. Sky, this has to stop. You can't.

I can. I winked at her. Try and stop me, Mommy.

I nuzzled my face into her sticky bush. I licked up my cum from those wonderful strands. I savored the feel of them. They tasted so delicious. I licked again, trembling from the flavor of the thick spunk.

My girl-spunk.

God, this was hot. Mom trembled. She stared down past her boobs, still covered by that dress, to lock staring at me with quivering, blue eyes. I winked at her and then I nuzzled in deeper. I found the wet lips of her pussy.

I licked her.

Oh, Sky, she gasped, trembling.

Mmm, like that? I asked. She didn't answer. 

So I licked her again, sliding through her folds. My salty cum almost drowned out the tangy delight of her cunt. I loved that taste. It was delicious. Wonderful. We had nearly the same flavor of pussy. I thrust my tongue in deeper, fluttering around while she moaned. 

So, do you like that, Mommy?

D-don't call me Mommy right now, she moaned. It makes this feel dirty.

I know, Mommy, I cooed. It's so hot licking. I licked. Lapping. I lapped. And gathering my cum out of my sexy mommy's cunt. I gathered. A lot.

As she moaned, I scooped a great, big dollop of my jizz flavored by her tangy pussy. The delight melted through my mouth. I groaned and dug into the feast again. And again. Her golden curls rubbed on my cheeks. She tasted amazing mixed with my futa-cum.

Her moans and whimpers sang in my ears. I groaned, loving every second of devouring my mother's creampie. I fluttered about her, savoring salty cum and tangy pussy. My tongue darted into her depths to scoop it out.

Sky, she groaned.

Mmm, does Mommy love what I'm doing? I cooed as girlishly as possible, my futa-dick and pussy clenching. Juices ran down my thighs and the bottom of my throbbing girl-dick.

Yes, she groaned, looking away.

Mmm, it's hotter when you stare into my eyes as I lick you clean of all that cum. My tongue darted in her and scooped out more of my spunk. You need to encourage your daughter to be a good girl and clean up her messes.

Oh, Lord, why do you make this so filthy? she groaned, her blue eyes staring down at me.
Because it's hot. I shivered. This is incest, Mommy. Incest. It deserves to be as filthy and depraved as we can make it. Now, just enjoy it.

I stared into her blue eyes as my tongue fluttered around in her cunt. I groaned, loving the taste of her. I thrust my tongue in and scooped out that creamy jizz. It melted across my tongue. A treat. A wonderful delight to enjoy.

Just perfect. Amazing. 

Mommy groaned. Her pussy clenched around my tongue as I darted into her. I found more and more of my cum, but it was starting to run out. I had fired so much in her, but there were limits. The tangy flavor of her cunt grew stronger and stronger.

Which wasn't bad at all.

I feasted on her twat. I licked up and down her cunt, my hands stroking her thighs. I caressed her pussy lips. Brushed her clit. She gasped and bucked. I groaned and swirled around that little bud. She shivered, her blue eyes locked on mine.

Sky, she whimpered.

I know, I purred, loving staring into her baby blues. It's okay to cum, Mommy. I want to make you cum. I'm your good girl now.

I sucked on her clit as she groaned, Lord help me. That's amazing. Oh, yes, yes. That's wonderful. Sky. I really, really am going to... to... To cum!

I winked at her as I nursed on her clit.

I could feel her orgasm growing and growing as I nursed on her clit. Her boobs jiggled beneath her dress. She looked so sexy as she squirmed around. This was so hot. So enticing. Just what I needed. I groaned, my cunt clenching and futa-dick throbbing.

She gasped and threw her head back. Her juices gushed out. My mother's tangy cream flooded my mouth. I moaned in delight as I drank down all her delicious, incestuous delights. The depraved thrill of this moment surged through me.

It was almost orgasmic. An amazing, wondrous, stupendous euphoria. 

My eyes squeezed shut as I savored every second of drinking down her pussy cream. Her wordless passion echoed through the bathroom. Her ecstasy echoed in my ears as I gulped down all of her yummy juices.

Oh, Lord, she breathed.

I know, I purred. You came like a whore, didn't you, Mommy?

What? she gasped.

Like a lezzie whore cumming on her naughty daughter's mouth. 

No, no, that's not me. I'm not a lezzie whore.

I stood up naked and grinned at her. Mommy, you are a whore for me and my big-dick. And my yummy pussy.

Oh, Lord, how did this happen? she moaned to the ceiling. Why did you give me such a wicked daughter?

I grinned. 

Then she gasped. Reverend Matthews's giving his closing prayer. No, no, no, we have to get our clothes straightened before anyone... She stared down at the stains on her dress. Get dressed, Sky, we have to go home right now. No one can know.

Part of me wanted to defy her, but at home, alone, why, I could break her down. I could make her into my complete whore. I would have a chance to play with other MILFs. I had that study date over at Georgia's house.

Her mother would be there. Fucking the reverend's wife beneath his own roof made my cock throb.

Sure, Mom, let me get dressed.

I sauntered back to the bathroom, my mind boiling with such wicked thoughts.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Madeline Marlow

Lord, why did you send me this sinful temptation? I prayed furiously as I hustled my daughter out of the church's bathroom.

My pussy could still remember the size of her big dick stretching me out. She dwarfed her father. I had hated lying beneath him and feeling his dick pumping away at me. I endured because that was what a wife did. 

But I never would do all the foul and deviant things he wanted. Suck his dick? Anal? Let him go down on me? It was all filthy. Sex was for making babies. It should be done in the dark with the woman on her back and the man pumping away as fast as possible to get it over with swiftly. It was something to be endured.

But not with my daughter. She gave me pleasure. The mythical orgasm. Many of my friends claimed to have them. They talked about doing sinful things with their husbands, even the ones who went to my church. 

I had sucked my daughter's cock. I had swallowed her cum. She had fucked me, spilled her seed in my womb. The womb where she had grown for nine months. This was insane. I couldn't believe that I had allowed this to happen.

Sky had turned out to be a female version of her father.

It had become more and more apparent over the last few years. As she became a teenager, her hormones had gone wild. She was going out with boysand, apparently, with girls. I knew she was sexually active. I had seen the stains in her panties. I had confronted her, and she didn't care. She liked sex.

I started to understand why.

This was such a sinful trap.

I sat behind the steering wheel of my sedan. Sky slid languorously into the passenger seat. She had a bulge in her skirt. Really, she said. I can shrink it? Hot.

Her bulge vanished. I swallowed. Maybe it wouldn't come back. Then, a moment later, it did. She laughed in delight as her skirt had a massive tent from her erection. She glanced over at me and grinned, her lips stained with my pussy cream.

Oh, Lord, please deliver me from this temptation.

I knew what would happen at home. There was a reason Sky hadn't objected to leaving the church. She wanted to get me home. Alone. Her eyes roved over my body. I would be naked. A whore. She pulled up her skirt and her cock popped out. That long, thick clit-dick.

Mmm, Mommy, I love this dick, she cooed.

She hadn't called me mommy in nearly a decade. Now it felt so dirty. So filthy. She reveled in the incest. I swallowed and backed out of the space. I didn't know what to do. I had been so strong about sexual sin, and now...

Now I felt uncorked. All the lust I had repressed for all my life now poured into my pussy. It wasn't a vagina any longer. Oh, no, that was a pussy. A twat. A naughty cunt. It hungered for my daughter's dickfor her seed!once more.

Ooh, I am going to fuck all the married MILFs at church, Mom, she said.

My hands gripped the steering wheel. You can't, honey. They are married. They won't even let you.

Oh, they will, she said. I just know they'll be big sluts for my dick. Just like you were, Mom. Mmm, weren't you just the biggest whore for my girl-dick.
I swallowed.


Yeah, you were. Such a big mommy whore. Just so ready to make me cum with that sucking mouth.

Her words made me shiver.

God, I'm going to fuck them all. Starting with Mrs. Matthews.

My eyes bulged. Sky! I whimpered. You can't.

Oh, I can, she purred.

I swallowed, my hips shifting. I had to stop this. I couldn't let my daughter's temptation ruin those women's marriages and lead them into immoral sin. I... I was already in it. I had to use my body to keep my daughter from those other women.

Those other MILFs.

Lord, help me be the ultimate temptation to my daughter, I prayed. Help me protect others from her sinful cock. Please.

You don't need those women, I said, trying to sound all husky.

Well, well, what is this? Sky asked, giving me a look with undisguised glee. Is Mommy getting jealous that I'll share my futa-dick with other MILFs?

Yes, I groaned. I wasn't jealous, but I could tell a little white lie to help others. You don't need them. You have your mommy. My pussy.

Your tits?

Yes, yes, you can play with my tits, I moaned, my pussy clenching.

Can I fuck your asshole, Mommy? she asked, placing her left hand on my knee. She shoved her hand beneath my skirt.

You can. I swallowed, her touch sliding up my leg. You can fuck me in any hole you want. I'm all yours, honey. All yours.

You'll lick my pussy?

I nodded and then flicked my tongue across my lips.

Her hand slid up to my panties. She cupped my pussy through the cloth. I gasped as she rubbed at me. I squirmed there, my heart pounding in my chest. The heat rushed through me as her finger slid up and down my hot cunt.

You are wet, she said. So, you'll be my whore?

Yes! 

God, that is tempting, she purred. Her finger slid into the waistband of my panties. I slowed to a stop. Prove it.

How? I moaned, her fingers stroking up and down my cuntlips.

She glanced at the intersection a few cars ahead of us. We got a long light here. I want to see your tits out before it turns green.

My eyes bulged. What?

You said anything, Mommy? she cooked, her fingers stroking my pussy. 

I was such a whore-mother, but I had to do anything to keep her from being wicked. From temptation. I reached behind me and found my zipper. I twisted my hands up to grab it. My seatbelt pulled at me.

I unbuckled it.

It whisked up as she watched. Her finger kept stroking me, her eyes so hot. I caught the zipper and then tugged it down. It rasped. I shuddered, so shocked I was doing this in the middle of daylight. Anyone could see me. I licked my lips.

I shrugged out of my dress, pushing it down my arms. My cheeks burned while my daughter's hot eyes stared at me. She caressed the spongy crown of her clit dick as I struggled to get my right elbow out of the sleeve. My boobs jiggled in my bra. 

Her finger kept stroking my pussy while she licked her lips, hungry to see my tits. I shuddered, realizing just what I was doing. I was becoming my daughter's whore. I trembled, this wild beat thudding through away in my chest.

Mmm, bra, too, she said. Better hurry. I'm sure Mrs. Matthews will show me her tits once she's had a taste of my big dick.

Oh, Lord, I breathed. That was why I was doing it. Saving those marriages. Keeping those married women from sin.

I reached behind me and unhooked my bra. I twisted the clasp. It came free. I shuddered and then slid my straps off my shoulders and down my arms. I swallowed, feeling the fabric falling away from my breasts. My boobs settled, jiggling as they came free.

I threw my bra into the back seat, mortification blazing through my cheeks. Ahead, the light turned green. The first cars heading through the intersection. I grabbed the steering wheel, shocked at how hot my cuntthat dirty, sinful, wicked holehad become.

Someone's nipplely, purred my daughter. She pulled her finger out of my panties and from beneath my skirt. They dripped with my juices.
 
She grabbed my nipple and smeared the juices over the nub. I gasped as the delight tingled down to my pussy. My fat nub drank in her touch. I couldn't believe how wild this was. I bit my lower lip, whimpering.

The car in front of me pulled away. I released the brake and applied the accelerator slowly, my entire body trembling. I was topless and driving through the city. Anyone could see how much of a whore I had become to my daughter.

And that sinful cock of hers.

If it wasn't for that...

Why, why, why did this have to happen, moaned through my mind. It's so not fair! Not fair at all!

It was more petulant than I usually was, but I could feel that injustice at how much my body responded to this. How much my desires had been inflamed by my daughter's wanton cock. I shuddered, staring ahead at the road as she kept playing with my nipple.

I have to do something to stop this. Her and her cock is going to ruin everything!

But how could I stop this other than giving my body to my daughter and hoping she would never get bored of me.

Mmm, I'm going to love this, she said as I turned into our neighborhood. It had been new when my ex-husband and I moved in thirteen years ago, Sky only three. Things had been so much simpler. I had been happy. 

Now...

I turned onto our side street, a winding road that led to the cul-de-sac and our house. I pulled into the driveway and hit the remote to open the garage. My daughter pinched my nipple and shook her head.

Park right here, she purred. Then she climbed out of the car, her cock thrusting out before her without a hint of shame.

She sauntered around the car. I couldn't move. I was rooted to my seat. My tits were out. One of our neighbors would see. This would be a disaster. Then Sky was opening my door and proffering her hand.

Come on, Mommy, I want to play with that body.

I swallowed and held out my trembling hand. She took it. She pulled me out of the car. I trembled at her touch, my heart pounding so fast in my chest. My big boobs swayed, the sun spilling on them. I whimpered, my panties soaked.

My dress rustled about me as she took my arm and escorted me slowly to the front door. With her on my left, I was closest to the street. I shuddered, looking around, so worried we'd be seen. I whimpered, my cunt on fire.

Worried Mrs. Spencer will see you? she asked, glancing at the house across from ours. Maybe she would. She's a new mother. That makes her a MILF. I bet she's lactating. I could go fuck her if she does see us. Mmm, she could be my side-piece here in the neighborhood.

I want you all to myself, I purred. Your mother is all the MILF you need. Did I sound sexy enough?

God, you are driving me wild, she moaned. Get your keys out. Unlock the fucking door. I need to play with you!

Yes, Sky, I groaned and fumbled at the keys clutched in my sweaty hands. Why did I have so many? What were half of them for? I found the house key and jammed it into the deadbolt. I twisted it. A loud click echoed.

Sky thrust the door open and yanked me inside, my boobs heaving. My keys fell to the floor, landing on the carpet with a dull thud. I just managed to close the door before she spun me around and pushed me against the wall.

She kissed me with hunger. Her hands grabbed my naked boobs. She kneaded them. Her fingers dug into them. I quivered as she did. Her tongue darted into my mouth. She swirled it around in there. I closed my eyes, reveling in the taboo delight of this.

If I had to tame her. To keep her focused on me, I had to enjoy this. There was no other way. It was a sacrifice I had to make.

I groaned as I kissed my daughter with enthusiasm. I thrust my tongue into her mouth, holding her tight. I grabbed her rump. I squeezed and kneaded her ass through her skirt. I became the wild woman I had always kept myself from becoming.

Sky broke the kiss and moaned, Damn, Mommy! 

She buried her face into my tits, her platinum-blonde hair spilling over my boobs. She squeezed my big breasts against her face, rubbing back and forth. I shuddered, my skirt rustling. I swallowed. I had to show her how exciting I could be.

My boobs feeling amazing in her kneading hands and pressed against her face, I shoved down my dress off my curvy hips. The fabric rustled as it dropped down my legs to puddle at my feet. Then I hooked my stain panties and peeled them away from my hot cunt.

I shuddered as I did this. It was so exciting. So wild. So naughty of me. I squeezed my eyes shut as I did it. The fabric rolled down my thighs while my daughter sucked at the inner slope of my right breast. Her lips made popping sounds when the suction broke. 

God, these tits are hot, she moaned. 

She licked up my right boob while my panties fell to the floor. She slid her warm tongue across my flesh to my boob. Then her tongue flicked across it. She fluttered against me. I groaned as she did. This wicked heat rushed through my body. My heart hammered in my chest.

My pussy clenched as she reached my areola. Her fingers dug into my soft boobs as she swirled her tongue around the ring of dark-pink flesh surrounding my hard nipple. My breasts felt so sensitive and my nipple...

It burst with excited delight just from being grazed by her tongue.

Mmm, Mommy tits, she groaned. Gorgeous.

She sucked my nipple into her mouth and nursed like she had as a baby. Only it had never felt like this. I groaned, my pussy clenching. This heat rushed through my body. I wiggled against the foyer wall, my heart hammering rapture through me.

It felt amazing. My fingers slid through Sky's hair. Both my hands stroked her. I felt so intimately connected to my daughter. This was something I had never felt before. It was a wicked delight that made me shiver. My eyes rolled back in my head as she played with my nub.

Sky! I whimpered.

She purred around my nub between her sucks.

Oh, Sky, that's so good. Mmm, Mommy likes that.

She popped her mouth off to moan, God, it's hot when you call yourself Mommy.

And it's hot when you suckle on Mommy's nipple, I cooed. I pulled her to my other one. She didn't resist.

You're getting into it now, Mommy, she cooed. I seduced you.

Uh-huh, I groaned as she latched on and sucked.

My pussy clenched as she nursed on my left nipple now. She sucked most of my areola into her red lips. I shuddered, staring down into her green eyes. They gleamed with her wild passion for me. This intoxicating rush rippled out of my cunt. My pussy soaked my bush. I breathed in and could smell my tangy passion.

Then a drop of my cream ran down my thigh.

I shivered and shuddered against the wall at the ticklish rivulet working down my inner thigh towards my knee. I groaned at how good this felt. How delicious my futa-daughter made me feel with her wicked sucking. I was such a naughty mommy.

She groaned as she sucked hard. Then she ripped her head away with such force, it was like she had to tear herself away. She stumbled back, panting, her dress rustling about her legs. That big futa-dick thrust against her skirt. She stared at me.

Then she glanced down and blinked. Well, well, well, Mommy dearest, you actually stripped all the way naked. You really are my mommy-slut, huh?

Yes, I whimpered. I... Your mommy is your slut. That was what she wanted to hear. She shuddered. So I said, What can your mommy-slut do for you?

My pussy clenched at such a wild admission. This was so naughty. I couldn't believe I was doing this. I was submitting myself to such wild passion. I groaned, my cunt clenching as the heat rippled through me.

She grinned, this twinkle in her eyes. Strip me, Mommy.

Yes, Sky, I moaned and flew to her. I was excited to see her naked. Like I had in the church restroom. 

I went to go behind her, but she kept turning, keeping me from unzipping her dress. I frowned and then blushed. I had to hug her from the front, pressing my tits into hers and grabbing the zipper to her Sunday dress. I dragged it down, loving how she whimpered and moaned, her hips wiggling from side to side.

That's it, Mommy, she cooed, her movement rubbing against my nipples. They throbbed from the delight. It was such a treat. I groaned at the sensation. Ooh, you're such a wicked and naughty Mommy, aren't you?

Yeah, I groaned. I am.

Her dress unzipped, I pulled it off her body. Unsurprising, she was naked beneath. The dress fell away from her small breasts and then spilled over that huge dick thrusting from the folds of her pussy. I swallowed and then ducked my head down.

I engulfed my daughter's small, pink nipple into my mouth and sucked on it. She groaned while I tasted the salt of her skin. Her little nub felt nice in my plump lips. I nibbled on it between suckles. I loved the feel of her in my mouth.

She groaned her fingers running through my hair as I nursed from her nipple. This was so wrong. So taboo. I didn't care. I was so turned on by my daughter. I was into this role of being her ultimate temptation.

I would keep her from inflicting her futa-cock on other MILFs.

It was all mine.

Mommy, she groaned as I sucked harder. Damn, that's good.

A please shiver ran through me at her outburst. I sucked and nibbled and nursed on her. I loved her nub. I swirled my tongue around her little bud. I tried to remember what she had done to me when she nursed on mine.

I wanted to make my daughter feel good. I wanted to love her. Please her. I felt so wicked and wild now. A wanton mommy. My pussy clenched. More juices soaked my bush and dribbled down my thighs. They worked their way down.

I groaned about her nub, loving the way that felt.

Mmm, yes, yes, that's making my pussy so wet. She licked her lips. Do you want to eat my pussy, naughty Mommy?

I popped my mouth off to gasp, Yes!

She grinned at me. That's what I thought. 

She backed away from me, her futa-dick swaying before her. She sank down on my couch and thrust her legs wide, almost doing a split. Her pussy lips parted to show off her pink depths. I stared at my daughter's twat. She gripped her clit-dick, pinning it to her stomach.

Mmm, don't worry about my futa-cock, Mommy, she said. I want you to do the most lesbian thing in the world to me. Lick my cunt and make me cum!

Yes, Sky, I moaned, salivating. I wanted to eat her out. I felt so wild as I stumbled forward, my big boobs jiggling. I will.

I fell to my knees, tits heaving. I licked my lips and leaned forward. The tangy scent filled my nose. My daughter smelled so much like me. I groaned, shocked that she could have come from my loins given her lusts.

And yet... I hungered, too. I had these same rampant and out of control desires, as well. It made me shiver in realization.

I planted my lips against her spread-wide labia. Her juices soaked my mouth. Her cream bled through, her flavor igniting my taste buds. I groaned and then I licked. I flicked my tongue through my daughter's folds.

She gasped, her futa-dick twitching in her hand. I licked her again, her flavor so good. I groaned, realizing I liked the taste of my daughter's cunt. Just like I enjoyed the taste of her girl-cum. I was such a wicked mother.

I would go to hell.

But I couldn't stop licking and lapping and devouring her twat. You're such a good mommy for doing this for your daughter, I thought, the idea so delightful. You're keeping Sky from sinning with others. That's a good thing.

It was like that thought whispering in my mind had given me permission to really enjoy myself. I licked with more passion. I fluttered my tongue up and down. I caressed her folds, gathering up her tangy juices. She shuddered, her face contorting. She squirmed on the couch as I licked and lapped at her.

Oh, fuck, Mommy! she moaned. My daughter's depraved voice echoed around me. Fuck, you're really getting into it.

I was.

I thrust my tongue into her pussy's depths. She should have a hymen until her wedding day, but she was too much of a slut. A naughty daughter-whore who needed her mommy's wicked mouth and wanton cunt and even tight asshole to keep her in line.

I thrust my hands beneath my daughter's rump and the fabric of the couch. I gripped her tight and lapped at her snatch. I feasted on her with hunger. She groaned, her moans echoing through the room. She shuddered, grinding against my face.

Oh, yes, yes, that's good, she moaned, her hand pumping up and down her clit-dick. Oh, my god, Mommy.

My futa-daughter's incestuous cream soaked my tongue. Her juices ran down my chin. The scent filled my nose. That tangy aroma. That naughty flavor. I loved it. I licked and lapped at her with a fervor. I had to gather it all up. I had to make my daughter cum.

Her whimpers echoed through the air. They were so amazing to hear. I loved the sounds she made. She shuddered, her passion bursting through the room. She humped against my mouth, grinding her cuntlips on me.

I'm going to cum, Mommy! she moaned.

Good! I purred. Cum for Mommy!

Goddamn, you're such a slut, Mommy!

Yes!

I sucked on her pussy lips. I nibbled on those delicious folds. My tongue gathered up her cream, and there was always more. She gasped, arching her back against the couch. Her whimpers swelled. Then she bucked.

Hot and tangy pussy cream gushed out of her cunt. Her futa-dick erupted, splashing her tits and face in her own cum. She painted herself in ropy lines of jizz while I drank the juices that flooded out of her. I gulped down my daughter's passion.

I savored the incestuous treat.

Fucking hell, Mommy! she squealed. Yes, yes!

She fisted her erupting cock while I lapped at her cunt. I thrust my tongue into her depths and felt her pussy writhing around it. My cunt clenched as I drank the juices that gushed out of her. She tasted amazing. Delicious.

I groaned, savoring every moment of this. I gulped it down while my daughter's gasps echoed through the room. She humped against my mouth. I loved the sounds she made. The way she whimpered and groaned.

Mommy! she squealed. Oh, Mommy, yes! 

Her juices filled my mouth. They tasted so good. I loved them. I savored them. She gushed out so much, her juices spilled down my chin. I shuddered as her futa-dick fired the last spurt of cum. She groaned, her small tits rising and falling, smeared in her pearly cum.

Hungering, I darted up and lapped up a line of her salty daughter-jizz right to her nipple. The wonderful flavor complemented the flavor of her tangy cream lingering in my mouth. I climbed up to her nipple. I brushed that nub, flicking off the cream.

She groaned in delight. Her face contorted at that bliss. A huge grin spread on her lips as she watched me lapping off her futa-jizz. Her green eyes held this naughty twinkle that had my pussy clenching.

I'm going to fuck that ass so hard, she cooed.

Yes, I moaned and fluttered up more cum.

Enough of that, she purred. Get on your hands and knees. Show me that ass. I want to fuck you hard. I'm going to pound that ass, Mommy dearest.

Yes, Sky, I moaned and turned around. My big boobs swung. I faced the TV. It sat on an entertainment system. Glass doors shut, hiding a Blu Ray player and cable box. I could see my reflection in the glass.

What had I become? A whore for my daughter?

A willing whore.

Come fuck Mommy's ass! I cooed, wiggling my hips.

Goddamn, you're so fucking hot! Sky smacked her futa-dick into my right butt-cheek. Then my left. She drummed back and forth. Mmm, you really want my cock in your asshole, don't you?

My asshole tingled and I realized I did. I truly wanted my daughter's futa-cock fucking into my asshole. It would be incredible. I would have such a wild time at it. This was perfect. Just what I needed.

I do, I cooed. I want you in me.

She grinned and pressed her girl-dick into my crevasse. I shuddered at the feel of her thick cock sliding down my butt-crack. My fingers flexed against the weave of the carpet. My boobs shook as I trembled. A whimper rose in my throat as she came closer and closer to my backdoor.

Then she reached it.

Her cock pressed right against my asshole. She lay poised to ram into me and make me cum. This was so hot. I shuddered, loving this. I would have such a huge orgasm on her clit-dick. A big, nasty, depraved climax.

I couldn't believe how excited that made me. I shuddered, so ready to be sodomized by my daughter's futa-dick. She gripped my hips, her fingernails biting into my skin. Then she thrust her hips forward.

Sky! I groaned as my anal ring slowly parted for that thick dick. My face tensed. This felt so strange. 

And yet it felt nice. Exciting. My pussy drank it in as her thick cock popped into my bowels. The crown slid into my anal depths, her shaft filling me up. My boobs swayed from side to side as my groan grew louder and louder.

Fucking hell, Mommy! Sky moaned. Ooh, that's good. That's fucking good. You know that?

Uh-huh, I groaned. Mommy knows that. I swallowed. Mommy knows that a lot. Ooh, you're going to make me feel so good. Going to make Mommy cum so hard, aren't you?

Yes, yes, yes! 

Her crotch rubbed against my butt-cheeks. My daughter had slid all the way into me. This was intense. Exciting. I couldn't believe it. I savored the feel of my daughter all the way in me. It was the greatest feeling in the world.

Amazing. Rapturous. Her dick blazed in my asshole, creating heat as she pumped away. The heat melted down to my cunt and an orgasm built in me. A slutty, depraved, wicked burst of pleasure that would utterly consume me.

I gasped, squeezing down on her big dick. I wiggled my hips back and forth. I enjoyed every second of this bliss. I savored every last moment of this ecstatic delight. I groaned, savoring the rapture building and building in me.

Oh, my Lord, Sky! I gasped. Oh, my lord, what are you doing to me?

Fucking you hard! she purred, thrusting away at me. 

She hammered my asshole with passion. She rammed that big girl-dick into me again and again. She plunged that cock into me. My pussy drank in the heat. I came closer and closer to cumming. My toes curled. My fingernails clawed at the carpet.

My boobs swayed to the rhythm of her thrusts. She pumped into me hard and fast. She buried into me again and again. It was outstanding to feel. I groaned, coming closer and closer to that moment of explosive bliss.

I clenched down on her, increasing the friction. I reveled in the bliss that she churned in me. It was amazing. Outstanding. I enjoyed every second of it. I would have such a powerful orgasm. A mighty burst of bliss that would radiate out of me. 

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned. Oh, my god, that's so good. Sky! Sky! Mommy loves your dick fucking her asshole.

I know! she groaned, her hands stroking me. Fuck, you are so tight. I love this futa-cock. That demon-girl is so awesome.

She buried hard into me. I panted, trembling. My face scrunched up. I hovered on the verge of cumming. I groaned, rocking back into her. She slammed hard into me, the slap of flesh on flesh echoing through my living room.

She drove her girl-dick hard into my asshole, her crotch smacking into my butt-cheeks. They jiggled from the impact. I gasped, my bowels clenching down her as a wave of fresh heat rushed down my slutty cunt.

I stared at my reflection in the glass window of the entertainment system, my face twisted in rapture as I savored my daughter's futa-dick reaming out my asshole. My blonde hair spilled about my face.

I gasped and then burst with orgasmic bliss. 

Lord! I cried out as a mighty tsunami of ecstasy rushed through my body and slammed into my mind.

The rapture drowned my thoughts in heavenly euphoria. My asshole convulsed around her futa-dick, sucking at it with such whorish passion. I groaned, stars dancing before my eyes. I shuddered, my toes curling. Juices spilled hot down my thighs. They soaked me while I whimpered out my delight.

Mommy! she gasped.

Hot cum jetted into my asshole. I gasped, my bowels rippling around her dick, working out her cum into my spasming depths. I trembled there, staring at myself in the reflection. At the wanton whore I had become for my daughter's girl-dick.

Yes, yes, yes! I cried out as my asshole convulsed around her spurting dick.

Fuck, fuck, fuck! she howled.

The rapture smothered my thoughts. I gasped, my entire body shuddering from the intensity of it. My arms bent. My face pressed into the carpeted floor. I sucked in wild breaths. Deep inhalations. A dizzy rush swept over me. It was fantastic.

I shuddered beneath the rapture of this moment. I trembled, my bowels rippling around her dick. My legs collapsed, slid to the floor, feeling a splash of cum splatter my right butt-cheek and hip. Then I lay there, panting, groaning, utterly drowning in ecstasy.

That was hot, purred my daughter.

I just groaned, my eyes shut. I swam in ecstasy, my bowels brimming in her cum. I had enjoyed that more than I thought possible. I drew in a breath as I heard clothes rustling. My daughter hummed as I drifted.

You were a good fuck, Mommy-slut, she said. Damn. Now Mrs. Spencer, here I come.

Her words rippled over me. There was something worrying about them. Mrs. Spencer... 

The front door closed as my eyes snapped open. I could hear my daughter's footsteps crunching away. I gasped. How could I keep her from preying upon that new wife and mother? Tiffany Spencer was a wonderful woman. She didn't need her life disrupted by my daughter's futa-lusts.

What could I do?

Then I realized a face smiled at me in the refection. Framed by golden hair. A halo glowed over her head. Don't worry, I thought. I'm here to help you out. You have to control your daughter's lusts. I'm so with you. Do you need me, Madeline?

Then I realized it wasn't my thoughts I had been hearing. It was this... this angel.

Help me, I groaned. Help me tempt my daughter back to me.

To be continued...
