TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright c November 1999 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit.  
This story may be freely distributed for personal use with 
this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(M+/F, MF, Impreg, FemDom)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY. DO NOT READ 
THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE 
READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE 
GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, 
PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, 
SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND 
OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES' MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE



STORY:  Mother Nature
Author C.D.E. 


	My wife has just broken out her maternity wardrobe 
again.  So I guess this is way of letting me know she's 
with child again.
	I tell you, it's the most uncanny thing.  She seems to 
get pregnant no matter which brand of condoms I buy.
	She has problems with the pill and doesn't get along 
well with other methods of birth control protection, so I 
end up using a latex barrier.
	But because of condom failures due to pin hole leaks 
or something like that, we have three beautiful children.  
	The other unfortunate coincidence is that each of our 
kids have always favored someone other than me.  Two favor 
my uncles who were visiting around the time she conceived 
them by me.  Our last child favored an old boyfriend of 
hers who came by to wish us well in our marriage.  That 
made me feel good for an old beau of her's to be man enough 
to come by and admit she married a better man than he was.
But back to this thing about who the kids resemble, 
I'm telling you, Mother Nature works in strange ways.
	My wife says it has something to do with the 
horoscope, the stars, and the alignment of the planets.
	My wife says that because she was around them at a 
certain time, that they transmitted their looks to the baby 
while it was in the oven.  Her mom said the same thing.  I 
respect her mother, so it must be true.
	My mother-in-law always told me that I should marry 
her  daughter because I could provide a good living for her 
and allow her the emotional space and freedom she needed.
	I assured my mother-in-law that I would get as large a 
house as I could afford, with a good bit of ground so that 
my new bride would have plenty of space, and freedom to 
plant as big a garden and as many flower beds as her little 
heart desired.
	My wife's mother always liked to compliment me by 
saying that when the brains were passed out I didn't have 
to worry, I got my teaspoonful.  I'm telling you, it's good 
to have a mother-in-law that thinks a lot of you and 
respects your intelligence. 
	I wasn't very experienced with women or sex when I 
married  Jean.  Both she and her mother and others in her 
family liked that quality about me.  I was virtually a 
virgin, that is except for the hand pussy I gave myself 
from time to time over the years.
	Jean wasn't a virgin, but her mom told me that an 
experienced woman was a great asset, because she'd sowed 
her wild oats and now was ready to settle down with a nice 
man such as myself.
My mother-in-law warned me against dating or marrying 
less experienced women who, will be easily charmed by a 
good looking face or sexy clothes on a fast talking 
huckster.
	"No Joe, with my Jean you won't have that problem.  
She's had at least 10 steady boyfriends since graduating 
high school, five years ago.  Slept with all of them."  Her 
mom also said she lost count of the non-steady, just 
overnight dates my new bride-to-be, had with different 
guys.	
My wife likes for guys to tell her jokes.  It really 
gets her in a sexy mood.
	It all started when after the reception on our wedding 
night when I went looking for her after she'd danced away 
with one of my uncles.  Well I found them when they were 
returning from his car.  As they were walking toward me he 
was telling her another joke from his endless repertoire.
	Later that night in our wedding bed, she wanted me to 
see her pussy to show me how excited she'd gotten from all 
the jokes my Uncle Teddy had told her.
	Her lovely cunt was not only heated, but was oozing 
this milky whitish goo. She showed me how to make mouth 
love to her.  She really enjoyed me doing that.  From that 
night on, she always like for me to lick and swallow all 
her love goo down before she and I have sex.
	I can tell when she's not excited, because her pussy 
doesn't have that exotic smell and love goo, as when she's 
excited from laughing at other's jokes.  It also seems that 
it only works if men tell her the jokes.
	It's worth it for me to let her go see one of my 
uncles or even some of her old boyfriends to tell her jokes 
so I can get her good love goo.  She really comes good when 
I lap her when her creamy love goo is leaking and dripping 
out of her.  
	Another thing I don't understand is why she has to 
have my uncle and the other fellows to tell her jokes in 
the bedroom, when she's at our house, before she gets 
excited.  It takes them about 45 minutes to an hour to get 
her all heated up with their jokes before she's ready for 
me to come in and do my husbandly conjugal duty.
	It's been this way for the whole seven years we've 
been married.
Oh well, I guess that's just the way she is.
I`m wondering who the baby is going to look like this 
time?  I'll have to keep an eye out for who's around her 
the most this time.  I hope it's me.  
That's another thing I haven't figured out yet is why 
the youngun doesn't take after me, since I spend so much 
time around her. 
I'm telling you, Mother Nature is strange.

                      ###END###


Send comments or ideas to CDE at ccwriter@hotmail.com 

