Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Forty-Four: Naughty Nighttime Trysts
Summary: MF FF FFF inc oral anal voy exib toys monster magic fantasy
Keywords: Lasla has one hot midnight romp.
Copyright: 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Kurtis  The Haunted Woods

I led my growing part south through the Haunted Woods from Drakin Castle. We were heading for Nemberon Plans that lay beyond the woods. A moon nymph...

What an exciting prospect to enjoy one of those rare beauties. It made my dick hard just thinking about it.

We moved through the dark eaves of the woods. The massive pines kept us in twilight even at noon. The werewolves were roaming about us. Lupiz and her pack scouted the way, making sure it was safe. Nephi led the way of our column with me behind her. Pyrriah marched on my right while Princess Naryu was on my left, her leash in my hand. Behind me came my other twin sister with Mother and Pradu protecting her. The demon Beliala, Incubus, and Succubus brought up the rear.

The Haunted Forest was home to many monsters. Creations of the Biomancer Vebrin and those creatures that had taken sheltered in the wild woods to hide from hunters. No one came in here. The Free Cities of Grena never sent expeditions, nor did the cities to the south on the other side of the Nemberon Plains.

It was an uneventful day traveling through the woods. We made good progress despite the lack of proper roads. Just game trails that meandered around the obstacles. But Lupiz and her werewolves knew the way.

And there shouldn't be any surprise fairies mucking things up.

As the world grew darker, we found a place to camp along a reedy brook. Frogs sang as tents were set up and a fire lit. My harem was growing larger and larger. So many women in it. Incubus wasn't a part of it, of course. He was just my sister's plaything.

Maybe Lasla wanted a stable of males to pleasure her.

Still, my harem was growing to larger and larger proportions. A bevy of various types of women. Different sexy species that all needed me to love them. I was up to the task, though. More than ready to love them all.

As dinner began cooking, this time falling on Pradu, I motioned to Nephi as I sat down by the fire. My naked sphinx in her sexy human form sank down beside me. She had a big smile on her lips, her mane of dark-red hair spilling down her back.

I stroked her and smiled at her.

Master, she purred and leaned in. 

She kissed me on the mouth. Her lips tasted so sweet. I groaned, kissing her with hunger. She whimpered, her tongue thrusting into my mouth. I whimpered as I savored the passion of her. My dick grew harder and harder.

She stroked her hand up and down my chest. She caressed me, sending naughty shivers through me. I loved the feeling of her as she worked her mouth on mine. She thrust her tongue in and swirled it about in my mouth.

Her pussy dripped. I could feel how wet she was through her lusts. I nudged her desires.

She broke the kiss and purred, I'll suck it so hard, Master.

I winked at her as she bent over and grabbed my cock with her silky hand. She licked the crown, purring as she did. I groaned, savoring my sphinx lapping her tongue over the crown of my dick. A hot rush ran through me as she did that. 

I loved what she did to me. The others were watching. Their own desires swell. Lusts spilled through the world that would soon be satiated. My women would turn to each other for pleasures while Nephi blew me.

Yes, I groaned, savoring her mouth working up and down my cock. The fire crackled and popped. The flames painted orange highlights across her tawny body and dark-red hair. Gods damn, that's perfect, Nephi.

She moaned around my dick. She nursed on me with passion. I loved what she did to me. It was a rush to have her nursing on me like that. I shuddered, my face twisting with delight. With the bliss of this moment. 

She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my cock. My dick twitched as my gaze swept out to my women. Lasla had Succubus licking at her twat while Pyrriah sat on our dragon-mother's face and fingered the hermaphrodite's pussy. Lupiz and Night were engaged in sisterly incest.

Such a beautiful sight.

My dick twitched and throbbed in Nephi's mouth. She suckled with passion, hungry for my cum. She wanted it so badly. She craved it. I could feel how much she wanted it. I loved how much she suckled on that cock.

Oh, Gods damn, that's it, Nephi, I groaned.

She purred around my cock.

The humming delight melted down to my balls. I loved the sensation. My dick throbbed in her mouth as she bobbed her head. She worked her mouth up and down my cock. She suckled on me with passion. She brought me closer and closer to bursting. To cumming.
 
I would have a huge orgasm and flood her mouth with my cum. Just pump spurt after spurt of my cum into her mouth. She would gulp it all down. My nuts tightened from how my naughty sphinx suckled on my dick.

Mmm, you are a cock-hungry slut tonight, Nephi, I groaned, sliding my hand over her tawny skin. I reached for her ass and squeezed it. Just slurping on my dick.

She moaned around my cock, her lusts brimming in her. She craved my cum thanks to my nudging.

My dick twitched in her mouth. That's perfect. And how wet are you?

I slid my hand over her rump, following her crack down to her thick bush. I slid my fingers through her curls, stroking her. She dripped. It was a thrill to feel how wet she was. How she coated my fingers with her naughty juices. 

I stroked through her. I caressed her with hunger. She whimpered as I did that. Her cream soaked my fingers. I pulled my digits away and stared at them gleaming in the firelight. The tangy aroma of her cunt filled my nose.

I sucked on them, savoring the flavor of her as she blew my dick.

You're soaked, Nephi, I groaned and licked another of my fingers. Her taste melted across my tongue. Just drenched. Las's big dick, you must want my cum bad.

She whimpered around my cock, her hips wiggling.

My hand rested on the top of her head. I stroked through her silky hair. She moaned around my dick, the pressure in my nuts growing. Moaning echoed around me. My women were all rising towards their orgasm. They were all gasping their delight.

That's it, Nephi, I moaned. Gods damn, that's it. You're going to get what you want. All that cum that you crave.

She purred louder. Suckled harder.

My dick throbbed, the pressure building and building in my nuts towards that wonderful moment. I loved it. I gripped a fistful of her hair, holding tight as I hurtled towards my eruption. Her tongue danced around my cock. She stroked me.

My nuts tightened. My cum swelled in temperature, heated by the bliss flowing down my shaft. She bobbed her head, sucking hard. She nursed on me with all that pressure. I threw back my head and gasped out in rapture.

Las's big dick!

My cum fired into Nephi's mouth.

My sphinx gulped down my cum. she swallowed that thick and salty jizz. Her throat worked, gulping down every bit of it. I groaned with delight, loving every second of her swallowing my spunk. It was an incredible delight.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned. That's it. That's perfect. Shit!

My cum spurted over and over again. I loved it. She swallowed my jizz as the pleasure slammed through my body. I groaned while women gasped around me, cumming with each other. Their feminine passions serenaded me.

Gods damn, Nephi! I groaned, firing the last of my cum into her mouth. How do you want to be fucked?

She ripped her mouth off my cock and turned around. She knelt there, thrusting her rump at me. She wiggled it back and forth, her thick bush soaked in her juices. The tangy scent of her passion filled my nose.

I grinned and slapped my hands down on her rump. Her butt-cheeks jiggled. It was so hot to watch. I loved it. This was an exciting thing to witness. My dick throbbed as I pressed my cock into her bush. I rubbed up and down her slit, her curls tickling my tip.

Please, please, Master, she moaned. Fuck me! Fuck me so hard!

You got it, I growled and thrust into her snatch.

She gasped as my cock rammed into her cunt. She whimpered, her head tossing from side to side. Then her back arched. She purred, her pleasure gripping my dick. She held me tight. She squeezed me with such passion as I pumped away at her.

I fucked her with such force. I buried into her with everything that I had. I loved how she purred as I pounded her. I thrust into her with force. Pradu shuddered as she cooked. Princess Naryu moaned as Succubus feasted on her cunt. Pyrriah whimpered as she had Moon and Vixen both feasting on her cunt. Lasla had created a dildo to fuck Princess Naryu in the ass.

Yes, yes, yes, I panted, loving the sight.

I pumped away at the tight sphinx's pussy. I loved the feel of her about me. She gripped me with such passion. Her silky snatch massaged my cock as I thrust into her twat over and over again. I loved it.

She groaned as I fucked her. Yes, yes, yes, Master!

You like that? I asked, her pussy gripping my cock as I drew back.

I love it, Master! she panted as I thrust back into her snatch. I adore your cock. Worship it. You tamed me with this massive dick. Yes, yes, fuck me with it!

I grinned, fucking her hard and fast. I buried into her pussy over and over. I plowed hard into her. I fucked her with such force. She gripped me. She held me with such silky delight. I shuddered, the pleasure building at the tip of my cock.

And in her pussy.

I felt her orgasm building and building with my every thrust into her pussy. I fucked into her with force, my nuts slapping into her bush. They swelled with the pressure while her pussy massaged the tip of my cock. 

I loved it. I savored it as I drilled into her snatch over and over again. She tossed her head, adding her moans to the other women gasping and whimpering. I felt all their lusts sweeping around us. It was so hot.

Yes, yes, yes, gasped Nephi. Master! Master! Make me cum!

You know I will, I growled. I love feeling a woman's pussy going wild around my cock.

Yes, you do, Lasla moaned, her black hair sweeping about her back as she plowed her golden dildo into the rakshasa's pussy.

Oh, that's it! whimpered Pyrriah, her red hair flickering. Keep licking me! Moon! Vixen!

I loved it, my dick throbbing. Aching. I swelled towards that big burst of pleasure. I would just explode with such force and cum in her pussy. I pumped way harder at her, my nuts tightening while her orgasm built and built.

I nudged it. Guided her bliss. I brought her closer and closer to that moment with my cock and my soul. She purred, her mane of dark-red hair tossing. I gripped her hips as I drilled my cock into her pussy hard and fast.

Yes! Pyrriah gasped, her red hair bursting with red light. Drink my pussy juices.

I could feel the two werewolves loving to drink her cream. They were in heaven.

Nephi gasped as I buried my cock into her pussy and nudged her orgasm. Master!

Her twat went wild around my dick. She suckled at me with such hunger. I loved it. I groaned, savoring the way she writhed around me. It was an incredible rush. She suckled at me with such force. I trembled, hurtling closer and closer to cumming.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned as she suckled at me. Las's big dick!

I buried into her snatch and erupted.

Master! she growled, her pussy writhing around my dick as I spurted my cum into her.

Gods damn! I groaned, the pleasure slamming through my body and crashing into my mind.

I pumped spurt after spurt of my cum into her pussy. I reveled in firing my load into her cunt. I groaned, spurting over and over again. I fired so much jizz into her pussy. I hosed her twat down as I erupted over and over again.

She groaned as she nursed my cock. She suckled out all the cum. It was a rush to have her doing that. I grunted, spilling all my seed into her. The campfire popped. Pyrriah moaned in the background, shuddering through her orgasm.

Mistress Lasla! Princess Naryu howled.

You slutty rakshasa! gasped my sister as she buried her dildo into the princess's twat. Yes!

Lasla came as I shuddered down from my orgasm. I sucked in deep breaths, feeling heady from the thrill of cumming. A big smile spread on my lips as Nephi purred with satisfaction. I had pleasured her, rewarded her.

Dinner's ready, Master, Pradu said.

Perfect, I growled, ripping my cock out of my sphinx's pussy. I'm starving. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla

Later that night, after everyone was asleep, I slipped out of the tent I shared with my brother and sister. I felt something monstrous out there. Something that needed a chance to fuck me hard. Just get that big dick in me and pound me.

I had to get wild with whatever it was.

I strolled out and found the werewolves stirring. They were staring at me with questioning looks. I smiled and glanced at Lupiz. She was the one I had to convince. I marched over to her as she stared up at me. I put my hand on her face.

I flared her desire to be submissive to the mate of her new packleader. I'm going for a walk. I don't need an escort. I'll be fine. Okay?

She hesitated, so I flared her desires to obey even stronger. She shuddered and nodded. Yes, Mistress Lasla.

I smiled and moved out into the woods, the air cool on my naked body. The darkness awaited. The trees groaned above me like they were making love and shuddering in orgasmic delight. I smiled as I stepped into the unknown, my pussy wet and bush dripping with my excitement.

I could feel him lurking out there. A male that was hungry for me. But he was nervous. We were a large party. He couldn't be sure if this was a trap or not. That we were here to harm him. So I had to make his lust for me swell and swell.

I reached out with my desire as I leaned against the tree. I found him. I stroked him. He was a horny thing. He could smell my spicy pussy. He wanted to eat me. To feast on me. It was such a thrill to be here. My cunt clenched.

He wanted me.

But he was afraid.

So I swelled that lust for me. That desire to mate with me. Fuck me. I could tell this was a monster different from the panthopus that seemed to have lost interest in tracking me. Or maybe had been scared off by the party.

This one felt more intelligent.

He was horny, aching for me, but still caution gripped his lusts.

I had to pry those fearful fingers off his desires. I shuddered and rubbed at my twat, swelling my own lust as I worked on the monster. I filled his mind with fantasies of licking me. Fucking me as I knelt on the ground. Of cumming in my pussy.

I soothed those worries. This wasn't a trap. This was an offer of passion. A chance for him to enjoy ramming his cock into my pussy and fucking me over and over again. I quivered, my cunt on fire. I thrust my fingers in and out of my snatch, feeling how silky my walls were around my digits.

I sent that impulse to him. That feeling.

I could feel how much his cock throbbed. How much he needed to eat me out. He crept closer to me. The scent of my pussy grew in his nose. The intoxicating aroma of my pussy beckoned to him. He just had to reach me.

The last of his caution fell away.

He stepped out of the shadows. I shuddered as it was like a piece of night stood before me. He had skin that was as black as night and stood in the shape of a man. But I knew this was no human. This was a monster. A shapeshifter. He had no hair on his body.

My, my, what a treat for Argil to enjoy, he said, his accent strange. Lilting. A beauty all alone for Argil to eat.

That's right, I purred, wondering what sort of monster he was.

He padded to me, his body vanishing as he stepped into the shadows cast by the silvery moon only to reappear. He came closer, his eyes glinting. He fell to his knees before me and grabbed my hips. He stared at my pussy.

Argil loves your scent.

Good, I moaned. Enjoy it. Revel in eating me.

He groaned and buried his face into my snatch. I gasped as Argil's tongue licked through my pussy. My head tossed from side to side as he feasted on me. He licked me with hunger. It was a delight. I groaned with delight. My head tossed from side to side as he thrust his tongue into my snatch. 

He licked at me with hunger, growling like a beast as he devoured me. I shuddered at the intensity. This was so different from Kurtis. The way this monster in a man's shape feasted on my pussy drove me wild.

Gods, yes, I gasped, my round breast jiggling as I writhed against the bark of the tree.

It was smooth and rough all at the same time. I loved the sensation against me as he savored my pussy. He licked at my pussy. He brushed my clit. The pleasure burst through me. I whimpered, my face contorting with such passion. This was an amazing delight. 

Las's big dick, that's good, I groaned.

Cernere's black cunt, you have a pussy on you, bitch, growled the monster. Argil likes.

Bitch? I purred as he licked up my slit again.

He winked a dark eye at me.

I shuddered as his tongue fluttered over my clit again before he thrust it into my pussy. I groaned, as he did that. It was such a thrill to have him feasting on my twat with such passion. He lapped at me again and again. 

His tongue was longer than it should be. He reached deeper into my pussy than anyone had with their tongue. It was incredible having him lick all the way to my cervix. He swirled around there. My face contorted in delight.

Oh, my gods, I whimpered. Oh, yes, yes, that's amazing. Las's big dick, you're wonderful, Argil.

He growled and licked at my cervix. My tongue clenched around his tongue. He swirled it about in me, stirring up my entire snatch. I shuddered against the tree, my round boobs jiggling. This wonderful heat swept through me. 

I whimpered, my orgasm building and building from this naughty delight. I whimpered, filling the night with my passion as he stirred me up. He churned my pussy to a hot froth. I would gush. Just soak his mouth with my passion.

I knew he wanted that. He craved it. That would be an amazing rush. I would just burst from the rapture. Just have a big climax. I wanted it so much. I whimpered, my head tossing back and forth as I loved this so much. It was an amazing delight to enjoy this pleasure. 

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned, savoring every moment of trembling here. Oh, gods, that's so good. I'm going to cum. Just explode!

He growled and fluttered that tongue against my cervix. The stimulation felt so good. I gasped and threw back my head. I came hard. my pussy convulsed around his tongue. My juices gushed out and bathed his mouth. I groaned through the pleasure. I savored the delight.

Waves of ecstasy washed through my body as I bathed his mouth with my cunt cream. His tongue wiggled about in my spasming snatch. The heavenly delight of it was incredible. I loved every moment of this delight. I savored every last bit of pleasure that surged through me.

Las's big dick, yes! I gasped as I bucked through my rapture.

He pulled his tongue out of my pussy as my orgasm slowed to a stop. I shuddered, my breasts rising and falling. I buzzed with delight while I felt his cock throbbing. I could tell how much he wanted to fuck me on my hands and knees.

He wanted to pound me.

Argil wants to pound you, he growled. 

On my hands and knees, right? I purred. Mmm, in your true form.

He blurred and flowed, falling onto all fours. In moments, he had become a hairless dog, skin the same midnight-black. He wagged a tail, staring up at me with lust in those eyes of his. They were intense and passionate.

On on your hands and knees so Argil can fuck you, he growled. Now! Argil is horny for that pussy. He wants to knot it!

A feverish heat ran through me. That sounds wonderful, barguest.

That was what he was. A barguest. Cursed by faeries, he had been human once, but now he spent most of his time as a hairless, black dog. My cunt clenched with the idea of being knotted by him. The thrill of it sent this hot quiver through me. 

Panting and my cunt dripping wet, I moved from the tree and fell to my knees before the barguest. I wiggled my rump at him. I loved this so much. My pussy dripped with all that cream. It ran hot down my thighs.

He growled and mounted me.

I shuddered as the hairless barguest slid on me. It was a thrill to feel his warm skin on me. His forelegs gripped my waist. I trembled as his hot cock nuzzled into my pussy. He panted like a hound. His cock rubbed up and down my pussy slit.

He thrust into me.

I groaned as his monstrous cock plunged into my pussy. His dick was so hot. I gasped at the warmth of him. I trembled beneath him as he buried to the hilt in me. His balls slapped into my bush. He growled with his delight.

Argil hasn't had pussy this hot and tight in years, he growled.

You've never had pussy as good as mine, I groaned, squeezing my snatch around him.

He growled and drew back his cock. I shuddered, savoring that thick shaft fucking me. He rammed into me with hard strokes. He pumped away with that stimulating dick. I groaned, my boobs swaying beneath me from the force of his plunges.

He buried into me again and again. He plowed deep and hard into my snatch. He filled up my cunt with his monstrous dick again and again. He gripped me, fucking me hard. His forelegs held me tight. He gripped me as he fucked me.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned. Oh, that's so good. Fuck me with that big dick. Las's cock, that's good!

Argil loves this pussy, he panted. Good pussy. Makes Argil's cock feel nice.

It'll feel better than nice, I moaned, clamping down on his dick.

Yes! he growled. Cernere's black cunt, yes!

He fucked me with harder strokes. He churned up my pussy with that big dick. He fucked me with virile passion. I loved it so much. It was a blessing to feel his monstrous cock fuck into me. He growled with each thrust, his drool raining on hot on my back.

He gripped my sides with his forelegs as he drilled his thick and hot shaft into me. I groaned at the warmth of his dick. He heated my pussy with his hard thrusts. I whimpered, my orgasm building and building in me.

His nuts slapped into my bush over and over again. I groaned as he churned up my cunt with his big dick. He fucked me hard and fast. He buried his cock into me. It was an amazing treat to be fucked by him. I loved it. I savored it as he plowed into me.

Oh, Gods, you have such a wonderful cock, Argil! I moaned. You're going to make me cum so hard!

Argil knows that, growled the barguest. Argil always makes bitches cum. They love Argil's big dick ramming into them. But it's Argil's knot they really love.

I want to feel your knot, I moaned, clamping my pussy down on his cock. 

You will.

He thrust with such force. I whimpered, my cunt melting around his cock. Pussy cream dripped down my thighs. I loved it. He churned me up with his hard strokes. He buried into me over and over again. 

I gasped and moaned, filling the night with my passion. He growled, too. His drool spilled across my back. That added this whole other delight that I loved. I groaned, squeezing my snatch around his cock. I waited for that knot.

What was it?

I trembled in anticipation as his lusts grew closer and closer. He neared his orgasm. I hurtled towards mine. I would have such a big one. I was so ready for it. so eager for that burst of delight to gush out of me. I trembled, squeezing my pussy on his dick.

He buried into me and something changed. As he was on the verge of cumming, the base of his cock swelled. I could feel it expanding as he buried into me, stretching out my pussy. Then he pulled out I gasped as he thrust back in.

This time, the base of his cock was too swollen to ram into me.

Is that your knot? I gasped as that thick base slapped into my cunt over and over again.

Yes, he growled, hammering me with it. I have to get it in you. I have to knot you.

Yes, you do, I moaned. Oh, yes, yes, you have to do that. You have to get that knot in me. Please, please, ram that knot into my cunt. Just fuck me so hard with it. I want it in my pussy. Gods, yes! 

The knot slapped into my pussy lips. My cunt stretched wider and wider each time. I shuddered, my pussy on the verge of swallowing his knot. My orgasm quivered in me, just waiting to be filled so I could explode.

He drew back and rammed into me. This time, I gasped. He popped past my pussy lips and entered my cunt. All of his knot was in me. I gasped, threw back my head, and squealed in delight as I came. My pussy writhed around his dick as the pleasure swept through me.

Yes, yes, yes, I squealed, my twat writhing around his dick. That's so good. That's amazing. Yes!

He howled and erupted.

His hot cum splashed against my cervix. My body trembled. The pleasure rushed out of my spasming cunt. Powerful waves of rapture drowned my mind as he pumped more and more of his monstrous cum into me.

He growled and snarled as I milked his cock. There was so much of his jizz in me. I loved it. My body trembled, my boobs swaying beneath me. This was so wild. I loved this so much. He growled as he dumped his cum into my cunt.

He flooded me with all that jizz. I loved it so much. I savored it. My cunt rippled around his cock. I nursed on him. I milked out his cum. It was a rush to do that. I trembled, my body quivering with delight. This was such a rush.

Such a thrill to do this.

He kept pumping me with cum. My pussy milked out his dick. I wrung him dry as he fired more and more of his spunk into me. He panted as he ran dry. I trembled, my orgasm still spilling delight through my body.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned. Oh, wow, that was incredible. Gods damn!

Yes, Argil loved your pussy, he snarled. Best pussy Argil has ever fucked.

He dismounted me. I gasped, my eyes bulging as his cock, still in me, twisted about. I groaned, a mini-orgasm rippling through me. I squealed in delight at that bliss. He ended up with his butt rubbing against me.
Oh, wow, I moaned. Gods damn, are we stuck together.
Yes, yes, knotted for a bit, he said, his tail sweeping over my rump. Argil likes being knotted to a bitch. It's a stunning time.

It certainly is, I panted, savoring it. Do you ever fuck in your other form?

Argil most certainly can, the barguest said, his thick cock stuck in me. When we come unknotted, I shall ravish you as a man.

Wonderful, I purred. I wanted to experience the barguest in every way possible.

But for now, that meant just savoring being tied to him, kneeling here, feeling his hairless tail swishing over my rump. He massaged my butt-cheeks with it while my pussy savored being full of all that hard cock. 

I buzzed from my orgasm. It was a heady delight to be like this, stuck to him. I lowered my face to my hands, my ass stuck up in the air. I sighed, loving this moment. It was a delicious sensation to be like this with him.

I didn't know how long we would be stuck like this, but I hoped it was for a while. It was so nice just relaxing here. It was peaceful. I shuddered, squeezing my pussy down around him. I had to just enjoy this delight.

Time passed. Maybe a quarter of an hour had passed before his knot started to shrink. He groaned as he pulled his cock out of my pussy. I shuddered, feeling all that cum leaking out of me. I rolled over onto my back, lying on the ground. My boobs jiggled.

The barguest was still in his hound form. He licked at my nipple. He dragged his tongue over it. I shuddered at the touch. It was an exciting rush to feel his thick, bestial tongue caressing my nipple. I shuddered at the warmth of it.

This was so wicked. I squirmed here, feeling so delighted by his tongue. Mmm, that's nice.

Argil likes licking boobies, he growled.

I like Argil licking my boobies, I purred.

He bathed my tits with his tongue, licking back and forth. That hound's tongue covered so much skin at once. My nipples throbbed beneath the warm, rough caress. My pussy clenched, forcing out his cum that soaked my bush.

I whimpered in delight, squirming on the ground as I loved everything that he did to me. This was such a wicked time. I couldn't wait for things to get even wilder with him. For him to fuck me once more as a man.

That would be such a hot delight.

Argil, I moaned as he lapped at my right nipple over and over again. So good.

He sent delight rushing through me. I groaned as he did his work. He made me shudder. I whimpered and groaned at the heat of him. He was so exciting. I quivered, working towards that wonderful moment when I would just burst.

His tongue slathered over my other nipple. He made me feel so good. So wet and ready for him to fuck me. I wanted him in me. I wanted him fucking me. It would be just a great delight to have him plowing me in this human form.

Just pounding me.

I wanted that so much. I ached for him to just fuck me hard. To plow into me with such force. It would be quite a delight. His tongue was amazing. I petted his hairless body, wanting him to change. I whimpered and moaned.

Fuck me, Argil, I moaned. My tits feel great, but I want your dick in me.

He blurred back into his human form. He had such a big smile on his lips. The hunger in his eyes made me shiver. He would ravish me. Just ram his cock into my pussy and make me explode. He grinned at me as he lowered his body to mine.

He kissed me. I moaned, feeling his human lips on me as his cock rubbed into my pussy. He slid it down my slit, dripping with his cum and moved it down to my taint. To my asshole. I quivered there as he pressed his cock into my anal ring.

I quivered in delight. I wanted him to fuck my asshole. I wanted him to ram his cock into my bowels. He drilled against it as I kissed him. My hands slid over his smooth back. He didn't quite feel like human skin. But like a leathery hide.

A monster even in this form.

He pushed against my asshole. I whimpered into the kiss, my anal ring widening and widening. 

I loved it. My fingernails clawed his back as my asshole widened and widened for his cock. Then he popped into my bowels. He sank into my flesh. I quivered beneath him as he filled up my anal sheath with more and more of his cock.

Thick and long. And so hard. The heat melted to my sloppy cunt. I loved that. He would make me cum so hard. Just have me bursting with his delight. I trembled as he filled me up and bottomed out in me. My pussy rubbed into his pubic mound.

He broke the kiss. Argil likes you.

Mmm, I like Argil, I purred. Almost as good as my brother. Now fuck me!

He growled and drew back his hips. I loved the feel of him sliding back. My asshole clung to him. I loved it so much. Then he thrust back into me. He plunged into my bowels with that big dick. I shuddered as he did that. He fucked me hard.

He buried his dick into my bowels with hard strokes. I loved it. I squeezed my bowels down around him, the heat melting to my cunt. It soaked through my pussy. I shuddered, my orgasm already building and building.

The barguest, even in this form, fucked with the same bestial passion as his other form. It was such a delight. I loved this so much. He pounded me with hard strokes. He fucked me with everything that he had. I loved it.

I broke the kiss and moaned, Gods damn, that's good! That's so good!

Argil likes! Yes, yes, Argil likes your asshole! Tight! Hot! Good! So good! Cernere's black cunt, that's good!

I grinned at him as he rammed into my bowels over and over again. He fucked me with his bestial strength. He buried his dick to the hilt in me. I quivered beneath him as he plowed deep and hard into my flesh. He fucked me with passion. 

I loved this. 

It was an exciting delight to have him pounding me like this.

I trembled, loving every moment of him pounding me with his cock. He fucked me with force. He plowed into me with hard strokes. He buried into me with such force. I loved it so much. My asshole clung to his cock, my orgasm building in my pussy.

It swelled with his every plunge into my bowels. I whimpered, loving this. My asshole clung to his dick, the pressure surging in me. I would just detonate on him. I would buck and squeal in delight. He would cum in me with all he had.

That's it, I moaned. Oh, that's it. Just fuck me like that.

Argil will cum in your bowels!

I could feel it. Mmm, you better. I want all that cum in me. I'm so close to bursting myself.

Burst! he growled and thrust into me.

I shuddered beneath him, rising towards that moment of climactic delight. He speared into my asshole again and again. I whimpered, squeezing about him with my bowels. I trembled, hurtling towards that moment of my orgasm.

My asshole melted. My sloppy cunt drank in the warmth. My orgasm swelled in my snatch. I rubbed my pussy lips into his pubic mound every time he drove his dick into me. My clit burst with delight, feeding my orgasm.

He panted and growled as he fucked me with such force. He buried his dick into me so hard. He plowed to the hilt into my bowels and drew back. I groaned at that. I whimpered, my head tossing from side to side. 

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped, so close to cumming.

He growled and slammed into me over and over again. Argil will fire so much cum into your asshole!

You better! I hissed, about to explode.

He thrust into my anal depths. I gasped and came on the barguest's cock.

Las's big dick! I squealed, my asshole writhing around his dick while my pussy gushed juices that soaked my bush.

Cernere's black cunt! he growled as he buried into my pussy. It was an incredible delight to writhe around him. I bucked beneath him as he growled his pleasure.

And erupted.

He flooded my asshole with his cum.

He spurted blast after blast of his cum into my bowels. I groaned as he did that. He pumped it full of his cum. He fired spurt after spurt of his cum into me. I shuddered in delight at that. The pleasure was so intense having his seed flooding my asshole.

I groaned, milking him. Waves of delight washed through me as I milked his dick. I suckled at him with such force. I loved him spurting into me as my mind drowned in ecstasy. I clawed his back, bucking on him as his lust for me drowned him.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned. Gods damn, that's so good!

Argil likes! he snarled, firing the last of his cum into my bowels. Argil likes you. Argil will keep you!

What? I gasped, my euphoria buzzing over my mind.

You are Argil's now! he snarled down at me. Argil will fuck you every day. You will live with him! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Antagony  Nemberon Plains

I stared up at the moon, aching with anticipation. My pussy clenched and my clit throbbed to grow into my mighty cock. Every bit of me trembled. The hunt would soon begin. The moon maiden would soon arrive on this world.

And I would restore the honor my mother lost.

Wings flapped behind me. I grabbed my bow and whirled around, drawing an arrow from my quiver and drawing back in a smooth motion, aiming right at the source of the sound. I would have released, but the light glowing from the flying creature made me smile.

I relaxed my draw and returned the arrow to my quiver as Ziryihm the Deva floated down towards me. The radiant glow of her light drove back the night, shining brighter than my fire. Her yellow wings folded behind her as she smiled down at me, her skin pale and hair the hue of gold. A large cock thrust out before her.

I grinned at my mentor even as I said, I don't need your help on this hunt.

You sure? asked Ziryihm. There was something in her tone that settled unease in my stomach.

I frowned. What is it? I am an amazon. I do not need aide in a hunt. Henta's blood pumps through my veins!
Antagony, I don't want you to suffer the same fate as your mother, said the deva, her voice full of concern.

I won't! Anger burst from me. I'm not her!

Ziryihm arched an eyebrow. Your mother failed in her hunt for a moon maiden. And here you are, about to repeat history.

I am not weak like her! I will succeed! I spat in the fire, my breasts swaying. It sizzled. I will never share in her same disgrace. I will win back her honor. I will no longer be reviled by the other amazons!

So are you sure you don't want my help?

Very sure. I smiled, brimming with confidence. There's no Las around. The Oracle of the Sands says he is bound by Throwia. Restrained. He cannot interfere like he had with my mother's hunt. The moon maiden is mine. No one is out on these plains.

But his son is around. Kurtis. Ziryihm's face tightened with worry. 

I spat again. So what? He is a demigod then. Like me. I will feather him with arrows if he dares lay hands on my prize!

He is not alone. He has a harem. A dangerous harem that's going to cause more harm for this world. It will reveal what I have been trying to protect for centuries all so he can satiate the perverse lust he inherited from his father.

My brow knitted. I folded my arms beneath my breasts. What are you talking about? What have you been trying to protect.

Ziryihm gave me a studious look. I want your word that you will tell no one this.

On my honor as an amazon, I answered without hesitation. May all my hunts fail, may all my arrows miss their target, and may all my bowstrings rot and snap if I break my word! 

The deva nodded. He has a dragon.

I gasped in shock and stepped back. I shook my head. All the Daughters of Fire are dead. Hunted down by the mortals.

Ziryihm shook her head slowly. There is one dragon that I made sure was safe on her own little island with her little family. But that Son of Lust has her ensnared. I need her free. Need her thinking clearly so she can remember what is at stake. I need an amazon to free her from the male's domination. Are you up for it?

I quivered. A chance to kill a Son of Lust and free a hermaphrodite from his control. Matar birthed five races of hermaphrodites, one for each element. The dragons were thought gone, but if one remained, then that had to be honored.

You want me to capture a dragon and moon maiden? I asked, so eager for it. I swallowed. A moon maiden, yes, but a dragon...

With my help, you can.

This would win me even more honor than I had thought possible. My sister amazons would sing my praise for a thousand years. They would forget the stain that was my mother upon our noble race. 

Tell me what I need to know, Ziryihm!

To be continued...
