TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright c December 1999 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit.  
This story may be freely distributed for personal use with 
this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(M+/F, MF, Inter, Impreg, FemDom)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ 
THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE 
READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE 
GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, 
PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, 
SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND 
OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES' MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE
AUTHOR'S NOTE OF THANKS:  To the delightful "real world" 
couple who were instrumental in my creativity for this 
story.



Story:  The Honor of Our Love & Marriage, Part 1
Author:  C.D.E.


CAST:
Wife-Alice
Husband-Albert


	My name is Albert.  My wife Alice and I have been 
married for nine years and have a loving and strong 
marriage.  We have five kids, certainly more than most 
families have these days.  They are ages 3, 4(Twins), 7, 
and 9.  We may be having more, but that depends on what the 
future holds for us.
	The number of children we have is due to the steadfast 
love between my wife and I. 
We've had many past challenges, and still face daily, 
new challenges to our deep love from individuals who've 
sought to break up our marriage over the years.  Their 
efforts started even before our wedding took place.	
	Prior to becoming engaged, Alice and I dated for two 
years.  We were engaged for a year before the wedding.
During the entire three years, Alice refused to have 
sexual intercourse with me.  She said it was improper for 
us to commit fornication prior to getting married.  For the 
two years we dated steadily, there was no sex of any type 
between us, only steamy petting.  
Typically after dropping her off at her place after a 
date, I went home many nights with a tent pole in my pants 
and blue balls.  During this time, she would only let me 
fondle her breasts through her clothes.  I remember her 
letting me put my hand under her dress only once, and then 
she'd only let me fondle her hot furry pussy for a few 
moments.
After I put a two-carat engagement ring on her finger, 
she finally exposed her very delectable tits to me and 
allowed me the profound pleasure of handling and sucking on 
her mammary endowments.  She knew I was a virgin, and 
wanted me to remain that way until our wedding night.  
However, to suppress my pleading to help me end the curse 
of my virginity - at least that was my opinion of it anyway 
- she came up with the idea of me performing oral sex on 
her and me stroking my prick for sexual satisfaction.
I'd seen pictures of guys giving head to women, but 
never had the opportunity to do it before.  I confessed the 
same to Alice.
"I haven't experienced receiving head either Albert 
darling, so this will be a first for me also.  However, let 
me show you how I think you should do it.  C'mon, lets get 
you on your knees while I take off my panties."
I was very excited at being able to see her pussy for 
the first time. She indeed was a true blond. Through her 
careful tutelage, I was eating my first hair pie, and my, 
was it very tasty.
The musk flavored taste combined with her pleasurable 
moans and sighs, and the clamping of her shapely thighs 
around my head was a most pleasant environment for me to be 
in.  I never dreamed sucking pussy could be so delightful. 
She held my head to her blond crotch ever so tightly until 
she had a very rousing orgasm.
	I was so proud of myself for having tongued and 
sucked her so well.
While she was in the midst of her orgasmic afterglow, 
she looked at me dreamily and asked if I needed relief.  Of 
course my prick was aching somewhat fierce.
"Please take it out darling.  I'd like to see you jerk 
off for me."  She said sweetly through dreamy eyes.
She heeded me on even when it was apparent I was 
somewhat embarrassed to do so in front of her.  However, 
with my aching need and looking at her luscious blond bush, 
I soon got over it and was stroking away as she urged me 
on.  She seemed rather excited for me also.  That made me 
feel good too as I shot off my heated load.
Finally about three months before the wedding, she 
finally started handling my prick and would occasionally 
jerk me off for my much-needed relief from being aroused by 
her exceptional beauty.
Alice was a solid "10" in anybody's book.  Our initial 
meeting was at a medical office, where she worked as an 
administrative assistant.  I met her when I went in for a 
routine physical.  As I was writing a check for the office 
visit, she gave me her name, phone number and asked me to 
call her that evening.
I was shocked beyond belief that the vivacious blond 
before me was taking even a second look at me, not to 
mention giving me her phone number without me asking for 
it.  I was literally dumbfounded and in a mild state of 
shock and euphoria, simultaneously, at this wonderful and 
totally unexpected event in my rather uneventful daily 
routine.  I counted the minutes until a suitable time to 
phone her that evening.
We started dating the next week.  It wasn't until six 
months later that she revealed what first attracted her to 
me.  It was because I was a 24-year-old virgin.  She'd read 
my medical file.  Somewhere in it, the doctor wrote down 
something to the effect I'd never engaged in intercourse.  
 She later told me that after getting to know me, she 
fell in love with my easy going, unassuming personality, 
and optimistic outlook on life.  She confessed she wasn't a 
virgin due to a few silly high school romances. 
"Albert, promise me you'll never cheat on me and 
remain just as sweet as you are now."  She said to me the 
night we had our first passionate kiss, which was two 
months after our first date.  It was official then that we 
were going steady.
I was floating on air for days after that.
During the three years prior to our getting married, I 
never spent as much time as I really wanted too with her.  
The primary reason was that she was trying to break off, in 
a gentle manner, relationships with four men she said she 
had been casually dating before we started going steady.
She and I usually dated on Wednesday nights and Sunday 
evenings.  Since the days after each of our date days were 
workdays, our dates never lasted longer than 10:30 each 
night.  She was busy during the rest of the week trying to 
slowly break the news to her other men friends.  She told 
me how aggressive they were and that it would just have to 
take time to wean them away from the relationships.
I offered my assistance, but she told me that she must 
be courageous and do it herself.
She eventually showed me photos of the four.  They 
were rather handsome and all looked athletic and tall. 
Their names were Ken, Kyle, Bob, and Ron.
The most shocking thing was that Ken and Ron were 
black.  Mind you, I'm not prejudice, but I was just 
surprised that Alice, with her obviously demur personality 
would be dating black men - two rather handsome well built 
athletic ones at that.
Kyle had dark black hair and Bob was a red head.
After looking at their pictures, I wondered what she 
saw in me.  They had it all over me any day of the week, 
for I was only five-seven, 125 pounds and nowhere as good 
looking as these guys.  They all looked like rugged male 
models.
"Looks aren't everything Albert darling."  Was Alice's 
reply to me when I asked why me, and not one of them.  That 
made me feel so much better.
Not being overly aggressive, I had difficulty in 
asking how things were going in her weaning off her other 
boyfriends, especially since Alice seemed sensitive about 
me asking once before.  That was after she went away on a 
weekend trip with one of them.  I think it was with Ken.  
"I'm working on it darling, don't worry."  Her sexy 
voice put me at ease.  However, when she next broke two of 
our scheduled dates because she was going away for a week 
long cruise with Ron, I began to worry that she was indeed 
having difficulty in letting them know about us.
Her seriousness in breaking off her relations with the 
guys plagued me for the whole time we were dating, and into 
our engagement.  Yes, she was still dating them even when 
we were engaged.  She still was going away on weekends with 
them up until two months before the wedding.
About seven weeks before the wedding, she let me know 
that she'd finally got it over to them that they were 
history, and that she and I were the current event. I'm 
glad she finally got them convinced. For this had gone on 
long enough and I was about to put my foot down. 
To formally let them know about us, she had them meet 
us at a relatively expensive, but favorite restaurant of 
ours, for dinner.  She introduced them to me for the first 
time.  Their pictures did them justice.  They were just as 
muscular and handsome as their photos.  To say I was 
psychologically intimidated by them, would be an 
understatement.
However, it was a cordial evening and each one 
congratulated me on being the lucky guy to get the prize, 
Alice that is.  As a means of celebrating, they decided to 
give her a bachlorette party.  Of course, I wouldn't be 
invited.  They set it up for the following Saturday night. 
The four left Alice and I at the restaurant and 
thanked me for inviting them to join us for dinner. I was a 
bit upset that my fiancee gave each a rather passionate 
goodbye kiss as they each lined up to kiss her goodnight.  
Others in the restaurant also watched with surprise 
also. Particularly not only the extent of their kisses, but 
the fact that two of the men were black drew obvious 
attention.
Sitting beside her, it was rather apparent that each 
kisser's tongue probed the inside of her sweet mouth, as 
they each gave her what I considered indecent French 
kisses.  To add insult to injury, little did I know that 
Alice had told them I was picking up the tab.  My credit 
card took a wallop that evening.  
"Albert darling, I think it was worth it so the guys 
now formally know I belong to you totally.  Plus, they now 
know that you don't skimp when it comes to making me 
happy." 
The last part of her statement had to do with her 
former boyfriends' concern that I couldn't keep her happy 
or that I loved her as much as they did. 
"I assured them that you would keep me happy and that 
you loved me more than either one of them."  
Even though it eventually took me three months to pay 
off the bill, her sweet sexy voice and words of praise 
convinced me it was a good investment.
 However, aside from that, I was pleased that things 
were heading in the right direction for us.  Now everything 
was clear for my dream girl to become my wife.
The wedding went off with out a hitch and we had a 
wonderful honeymoon in Puerto Rico.
A slight irritation was that Alice was not on the pill 
and presented me with a large box of condoms on our 
honeymoon.  I had so desperately wanted to get into her 
juicy pussy, skin to skin, with only cunt juice between us.   
However, even with the latex barrier, she was very hot and 
wet.  In order to give her the full pleasure she expected 
and needed, I had to use my lips and tongue far more than 
my prick, which she smiled at as she mentioned how cute my 
"little fellow" was.  She said that often during our 
honeymoon.
Upon returning home we went about the business of 
setting up house and began the routine of being married.
Now that we were husband and wife, there were many 
questions I wanted to ask of my new bride that I was uneasy 
about asking before.  I wanted to know more about her 
relationships with Ken, Kyle, Bob and Ron during the three 
years before our marriage.
However, before I could get around to asking her, she 
let me know that the guys had been coming around to see how 
marriage life was treating us.  They first started coming 
while I was at work.  Alice had been looking for a new job 
and wasn't currently working.
I thought that was nice of them, but I finally got up 
the nerve to her to tell them that it might be more 
appropriate if they came by when I was home.
"I do believe you're jealous darling.  I like that.  
That means you really are in love with me."  She said as 
she kissed me on the cheek.  I liked her playful ways.
"Anyway, I've invited them all over tonight.  They 
should be here in about a half hour.  I wanted them to know 
about something special for us."
"Special?  What?"
"That we're going to have a baby."  She cooed as she 
formed her arms into a cradle and pretended to be rocking 
an imaginary infant.
"W-What!"  I surprised myself at how loud I cried out.
"Yes darling, I'm almost six weeks pregnant."
"S-Six weeks!  W-Why t-that means y-you were preg..." 
at that point I realized I'd married a pregnant bride.  I 
became speechless.
She went on to let me know that the blessed event 
happened at the bachlorette party her four previous 
boyfriends had given her.  She didn't know it until she got 
there that she was to be the only attendee, other than 
them.  She also revealed that she didn't know which one of 
the four was the father.
"They all thought that it would be a good way to get 
our family started.  However, the real reason they 
persuaded me to let them inseminate me was that they 
thought it would be a good way to see if you really loved 
me as much as I told them you did."  She said softly.
"What! O-Of course I-I love you Alice, b-but this is-
is so unexpected a-and y-you know it's h-humiliating don't 
you?"
"How darling?"
"W-Well I mean, y-y-you having a baby from one of them 
m-makes me a-a... I-I guess you call it a cuckold.  Plus w-
with you not e-even knowing which one is the father, I-
I..."
"Not yet, but when the baby is born, we will." She 
replied matter-of-factly looking at me as if I'd said 
something totally stupid.
"Y-You're going to h-have... w-what if the baby is-is 
black?"
Alice let me know that in no uncertain terms, she'd 
planed on having the baby even if it turned out to be 
black, or that my professed love for her wasn't as deep as 
I had vowed.  She quickly wanted to know if I was 
prejudice.  I emphatically let her know I wasn't. With that 
out of the way we got into such issues as trust and honesty 
and not holding anything back from each other.
"You do have a point darling.  I should've told you 
what happened at the bachlorette party, but would you have 
still married me?"
When I stammered in replying she was quick to 
capitalize on my hesitant answer.
"See! Maybe the guys were right.  Maybe your love 
isn't as deep as you've professed.  And to add insult to 
injury, just a few days ago at the altar, you vowed to 
accept me for better or worse.  Because of your vow, it 
really shouldn't matter what happened at that party.  
Anyway, I was only trying to prove the honor of your love, 
and look at how you're treating me."
Before I could respond to her statement, the doorbell 
rang. Our conversation was interrupted.
Ken, Kyle, Bob and Ron had arrived with little baby 
gifts and were congratulating us both.  It was such a 
surreal atmosphere as the four, without shame, in addition 
to congratulating me, handled my wife as if she was theirs.  
Unfortunately, she initiated the action and encouraged them 
to feel her tits and tummy, which had a very slight, barely 
noticeable protrusion, which I hadn't really noticed 
before.
I was also very upset that they apparently knew about 
the blessed event before I did.
I sat quietly, and totally humiliated, as the guys 
talked about the bachlorette party and who came how often, 
and who shot the most cum in my wife's juicy cunt.  I 
couldn't believe my ears.  They also placed bets as to 
which one sired the "bun" in the oven.  It was as if I 
wasn't there.
During the discussions that were going on around me, 
it was clear that if I divorced her, they wouldn't be too 
unhappy about it.  Apparently, they'd convinced my new 
bride that my love for her wasn't as strong as she said it 
was.  Their implication was that I couldn't weather her 
having one of their babies.  She told them my love was deep 
and true and that it wouldn't matter.  In other words, she 
accepted the thrown gauntlet to defend my love for her.
Even though anyone of the four could've trounced me 
like a rag doll, I was seething with anger at what was 
taking place around me.  I was fed up and couldn't take it 
anymore.  I decided to act. I summoned enough nerve and 
asked them politely to leave after they'd been there about 
45 minutes.
"They're our guests, Albert darling.  They're an       
important part of this since they were responsible for
Creating this situation."  My wife said in response to my       
carefully worded invite for the four to leave.
"Yeah man, one of us did all the work and you get all       
the credit.  See Alice, he doesn't appreciate you. We told 
you marrying him was the wrong thing to do. You need a man 
like me.  One who wouldn't worry about whose baby it is, 
but whether does it make you happy to have it. That's how 
strong my love is" Boasted Ron in an outspoken manner.
"No, I'm the better man for you Alice.  I know my love       
is stronger than the others and your pipsqueak hubby there.       
A beautiful fox like you can have as many kids as you want       
from other guys, just as long as you save a little bit of       
your love for me.  Now that's true love."  Yelled Bob.
Ken and Kyle soon added their rowdy statements to the 
other "who loved Alice the most" declarations. I soon found 
myself on the defensive as to whether my love for my new 
bride was strong as that of her ex-boyfriends.
"I-I love her a great deal."  I replied to Kyle, when       
he caught me off guard asking me just how much did I
Love my new bride.
"See that Alice, he's waffling.  He don't love you as       
much as any one of us." Spoke Bob.
"Yeah!  Drop the zero and get yourself a hero."  I       
think Ken is the one who shouted that phrase out, for I was 
so shaken by their words that I became befuddled as I tried 
to speak amidst their noisy clamoring to let my wife know 
that each one was the best one for her.  However, a common 
theme was that any of them were better than me.
Frustrated that I was not as adroit at throwing out       
snappy statement as they were, I sat red faced and       
bewildered at what was going on.
"Okay you guys, enough is enough, pipe down!"  My wife       
shouted loudly.  "Albert is my husband now. I belong to       
him.  You guys had your chance and didn't take advantage of 
the opportunity to ask for my hand.  I know Albert loves 
me, and he'll do whatever it takes to show me his love is 
genuine.  So you guys just back off."
 	I was moved by my wife's words and extremely pleased       
at her timely intervention.
I knew the real story now.  The guys were 
intentionally trying to break us up by impregnating my 
wife.  I concluded that even though my beautiful new bride 
was a willing party to their insemination of her, she did 
it to prove the strength of my love for her.  I was 
determined not to let her down.
After they left, Alice came over and sat on my lap.  I 
felt totally different about us after they left.  My anger 
had not only dissipated, but I'd resigned myself to the 
fact that in order to keep my new bride, the baby she was 
carrying was part of the package too. I let her know my 
feelings.
 "Alice, I'm sorry for getting angry.  I-I better 
understand what's going on now.  They're really jealous of 
us.  They're envious of you marrying me instead of one of 
them.  That's why they talked you into letting them 
impregnate you at that party.  I should've known you were 
too weak to resist them.  After all, it took you almost 
three years to let them know about us, and convince them 
you were no longer available."  I said in a confident tone.
"I'm glad you're so astute honey.  I do have a 
weakness with them."  She whispered in my ear as she kissed 
and embraced me warmly.
We talked further about how to deal with her old 
boyfriends in the future, if they dropped by to interfere 
with our marriage.  As we did so, I thought to myself of 
one consolation that came out of all this.  That at least 
now, I could put it in my new bride, unencumbered by 
rubber, since she was now pregnant.
I told Alice that in order to let Ken, Kyle, Bob and 
Ron know that they couldn't break up our marriage we had to 
come up with a strategy.
It was her idea for us to practice a non-violence 
political technique called aggressive passiveness and 
assertive non-interference.
"What?"  I asked.
"It's simply a technique where you ignore or play 
along with what your political adversary does.  You do so 
to let them see that what they're doing doesn't phase or 
deter you.  In turn, when they determine that it's a 
useless expenditure of their time and resources, they give 
up interfering with you."
I marveled at the simplicity, yet brilliance, of what 
she said.  However, I didn't like the way this policy of 
aggressive passiveness and assertive non-interference was 
going to be carried out.
First of all, it would entail me ignoring their 
lascivious lusty sneaky ways of trying to break us apart.  
By doing so, they would see that I was not getting frazzled 
or wasting my time worrying about their silly antics.  
Instead, it would show that I was secure in my manhood and 
had no reservations about the love my wife had for me.  
Additionally, my non-interference with them would 
demonstrate the solidity and strength of our marriage, no 
matter what they did.
On the other hand, Alice was to eagerly give into 
their demands and permit them to have their way with her as 
proof of the depth of my unselfish love and trust of her.
I wasn't happy about her idea, but Alice seemed to 
think it would work effectively.  I didn't have anything 
better to offer, so I very reluctantly agreed to try it 
out.  Besides, she'd already set the initial groundwork for 
the strategy by letting her former boyfriends impregnate 
her.
"Darling, I'm so glad I married a man who understands 
intelligent tactics and stratagems.  And thank you for 
loving me so.  I don't know what I'd do without you."  
Alice said as she kissed me and praised my agreeing to her 
plan.
Over the next few months, Ken, Kyle, Bob and Ron 
dropped by our home, usually unannounced, including when I 
was home.  They'd come in and made themselves at home.
It was not unusual for one of them to have my wife sit 
on their lap.  They'd raise her maternity top to check on 
her swelling tummy, while she and I were watching TV.  It 
bothered me a bit when any of the four started doing that.  
They also did other things including caressing her belly, 
fondling her heavy swollen tits, and fingering her cunt.  
However, I soon got accustomed to their actions since it 
was happening so frequently.  Until she had to stop having 
sex in the eight month, it was not unusual for them to lead 
her by the hand to our bedroom and fuck her while I was 
left watching TV or reading the newspaper.
Sometimes, especially on Friday nights and the 
weekend, all four of them would be there together, at all 
hours of the night and day, to check on her and to fuck her 
in the process. Often, those waiting their turn to be with 
her, would carry on small talk with me as one or more of 
them would be in the master bedroom fucking my wife.
Alice told me I would get use to this technique of 
aggressive passiveness and assertive non-interference.  I 
was amazed at how right she was.  Soon I was desensitized 
at my wife essentially being their slut. I think I could 
see it in the mood and faces of her former boyfriends that 
they took her for granite as being an easy piece of ass.  
She said, because of that, they'd soon get tired of her and 
stop coming over altogether to fuck her.
I was hoping it would be sooner than later.
"Look at the bright side darling, with all the help 
you're getting, you haven't had to work your tongue as 
much. Have you?"  She said smiling as she pecked me on the 
cheek.
I could only blush and softly reply that she was 
right.
It hurt a bit to know that her former boyfriends 
didn't have to eat her pussy to get her off, like I did. 
They were very skilled cocksmen. She told me so.  In fact 
they didn't suck her cunt at all. 
"Don't be silly dear, just think of it as another 
reason that they know they can't take me away from you 
darling.  It shows them that you're willing to do whatever 
it takes to get the job done.  They aren't willing to give 
a commitment like that."  She replied, when I told her how 
bad I felt about her telling them I had to eat her muff to 
satisfy her, and that they were far better in the prick 
department than I.  Her words were a needed boost to my 
fracture ego. 
My wife delivered a 7-pound boy who looked just like 
Kyle.  He won the pot they'd put up for the bet.  I thought 
it was nice of him to split it with me.
Not that I'm prejudice, but I felt relieved that the 
baby was white.  I'd been on needles and pins the whole 
time Alice was pregnant, worried about the problem of 
having to deal with us having to explain my wife having a 
black baby.
After my wife returned from the hospital and we were 
getting use to the routine of having a new baby in the 
house, Ken, Kyle, Bob, and Ron would drop by to see 
Kyleton, which my wife named him.  She said naming him 
after the biological father would send a signal to her 
former boyfriends.  The indication being that we weren't 
afraid of others knowing they'd convinced her to get 
pregnant by one of them, since it was with the intent that 
it'd ruin our marriage, which it didn't.
She let me know that we were a solid partnership and 
that nothing her former boyfriends did, would break her 
love for her husband or cause her to leave me.  Her strong 
words of resolve really boosted my self-esteem.
Alice got her figure back in no time by exercising and 
dieting.  She looked as beautiful as ever.
This just added fuel to the fire for Ken, Kyle, Bob 
and Ron.  It was not unusual for them to convince her to 
get all dolled up and go out with one, or all, of them on 
the town to prove that I didn't love her enough to let her 
have such freedom.
I wanted to get a babysitter and go along with them, 
but my wife wouldn't hear of it and insisted I stay home.
"I'd feel so much better if you cared for our son 
while the fellows require me to go out partying as part of 
their silly antics in saying you don't love me enough to 
let me do so.  Plus, if they know you're here doing that, 
they'll know you're more of a man than any of them are."  
My chest automatically rose with pride as my wife praised 
me while her four former beaus watched and listened.
I was holding Kyleton in my arms at the time.  She 
gave he and I each a quick, but loving, light peck on our 
foreheads. She did it in a way so as not to disturb her 
beautiful makeup.  She then said goodbye and walked out the 
door with Kyleton's real father and her three other former 
boyfriends.

ANOTHER BUNDLE OF JOY

I was still using condoms as my wife was still not 
using the pill and she didn't like using a diaphragm.
Our son was four months old when she told me the news.
"The fellows kept telling me that they knew for sure 
your love wasn't deep enough for me to have another of 
their babies.  And I said you were.  They said I was 
bluffing and threw down the gauntlet again. Albert, as I 
was defending the honor of your love for me, as well as our 
marriage, I let Ken, Bob, and Ron have me unprotected 
tonight. They will continue to sex me until I test 
pregnant.  It was decided that since Kyle had already 
fathered Kyleton, he would be excluded this time.  Kyle of 
course, like you, will have to use rubbers until I'm 
confirmed pregnant."
I wasn't pleased that the guys were starting a new 
offensive at trying to break Alice away from me.  I was 
very pleased at her defending my honor and love for her.  I 
just didn't like the way it was being done.
I was also worried about the black white thing too.  
Here again, not because I'm prejudice, but that I didn't 
want to have to deal with the hassle of having to face the 
problem of my wife delivering a black baby.
She tested pregnant about six weeks later.  Again the 
guys formed a pool of money as they bet on who was the real 
father.  Again as before, they went through the ritual of 
coming by to feel up and grope my wife as she began to 
swell up in a mother-to-be way.  They of course sexed her 
up until the doctor told her to stop having intercourse 
prior to delivery.
 My wife really put her best on the outside as she 
accommodated their demands for frequent sex.  She said she 
wasn't happy about letting them fuck and sex her so 
wantonly, but she felt she had to let them know that they 
couldn't break us apart with their sexy looks, robust 
sexual stamina, and big cocks.  
 Again I was on needles and pins as I waited for the 
delivery date.
"Honey, you shouldn't worry in the least about our 
baby being black.  If I have a little chocolate drop of 
joy, it will further demonstrate even more so that you love 
me."  My wife said in reply to my concern about our newest 
family addition possibly being black.
This time Alice delivered a girl.  It was clear that 
it was Bob's child since he was the only red head.  Alice 
named our new daughter Bobbie Jean.  Again, I was relieved 
that at least the baby was white, even if not mine.
I was sure the four guys would finally leave us alone, 
now that it was abundantly clear, Alice and I were strong 
enough to handle all of their thwarting attempts to 
interfere and weaken our unshakable marriage.
However, it didn't stop them from doing tawdry, 
raunchy silly things like calling me to give messages to my 
wife from them.   If they couldn't reach me directly at the 
office, or home, they'd leave messages on our home 
answering machine for me to call them back.
"Dear, you know if you don't return their calls 
they're going to take it as a sign of weakness."  My wife 
advised me when I told her I wasn't going to dignify their 
silly actions by making return calls to them.
To make sure that I wasn't afraid of them, I did as my 
wife advised and returned every one of their calls and 
even, at her insistence, gave them my cell phone number.  
Even though it showed them I wasn't intimidated by them, it 
did cost me to take their calls on my cell phone.  That 
really bothered me, but my wife thought it was worth the 
costs. 
An example of one of their messages would be: "Hey Al 
old buddy, give your slut wife a message for me, will ya?  
Tell her, no panties, no bra, I'll pick her up at nine.  
Also, don't wait up for her.  And by the way, lay out that 
dark blue micro mini dress for her to wear... you know, the 
thigh high one I bought her that has a hemline that's even 
with the bottom of her pussy."
As you can see, such messages were meant to be 
emotionally inflammatory and cause me to be jealous as well 
create a rift in our loving marital relationship.
They didn't achieve their objective.  In fact, in 
regard to my wife's dates with her antagonistic old 
boyfriends, she even asked me to help her prepare for them.
I at first thought it was just an additional bitter 
pill for me to swallow in this whole unfortunate matter, 
but my wife kept reminding me we had to fight the battle 
the way we were doing.
"Dear, I know you may get a little weary being in the 
roles of a baby sitter to our kids and a housekeeper too, 
when the fellows insist I go out with them.  But honey, it 
also means a great deal to me for you to be a part of 
giving me emotional support too, as I prepare to do battle 
with them.  Just knowing you're helping me get ready for my 
dates with them, even though it's so they can have their 
way with me, really helps my mental outlook and morale to 
keep fighting the battle."
I didn't want to cause my wife's morale to decline, so 
I acted like a good soldier and did what I could to assist 
her.  She had me doing such things as paint her nails, 
brushing her hair, cleaning or polishing her high heels, or 
selecting sensuous sheer undergarments or a sexy dress for 
her to wear.  I also occasionally had to iron a blouse or 
dress for her while she would be showering, especially if 
one of the old boyfriends called and only gave her a short 
time to get ready for a date.
In addition to the above, I'd already been doing what 
she lovingly referred to as her "pussy barbering".  That is 
keeping her natural blond pussy bush neatly trimmed and 
shaped. 
Another thing she required me to perform, which sort 
of grew into a ritual before she left on any of her dates 
with the four guys, was me kneeling, saying "I loved her" 
and kissing her cunt.
She said that really boosted her morale each time I 
did that. She seems to have this sparkle in her eyes each 
time I looked up from my kneeling position after kissing 
her manicured cunt as she wished.  

TO BE CONTINUED IN PART 2

Comments? Contact CDE at ccwriter@hotmail.com

