Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Fifty-Four: The Naga's Lusts
Summary: A naga lusts for Kurtis.
Keywords: MF MFF FF oral anal A2M breed exhib voy D/s monster magic fantasy 
Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Kurtis  Kyizziania

Zianamilizzi pulled me to her by her tail. She had it wrapped around me, her breasts jiggling. Her purple eyes fixed on mine, slitted like a snake. They were almost hypnotic. She thought to dominate me, but I could feel her lusts.

I toyed with them. She had no defenses against a demigod. Nothing warded her against a Son of Lust. I grinned as I fanned her ardor for me as she pulled me close enough for her hands to reach up. She opened my fine robes. My cock popped out.

She hissed in delight as I stoked her fires for my dick. I made them stronger. Hotter. I wanted her to just blaze so hot for me. I wanted her begging for my hard cock to fuck into her cunt. She would love every second of it.

My, my, she said. This is who Queen Athirmi has sent to treat with us.

Only the best for your empress, I told her as she stroked a finger down my cock. 

And are you... an orator? she asked. Do you have a silver tongue?

Let's find out, I said and sank to my knees before her throne. I stroked the purple scales of her tail and stared at her pussy slit. I had never eaten out a naga before.

She was like a mermaid, though.

I reached around to grab her scaled ass and leaned forward, my mouth watering to feast on her cunt. A spicy musk filled my nose. The emerald in her clit piercing sparkled as I pressed my lips into her juicy folds.

I licked the naga's cunt. The istandar gasped, her back arching and round breasts jiggling above me. She gripped her tits, kneading them as I licked and lapped at her cunt. I loved the taste of her snatch, savoring the way her spicy juices spilled over my tongue.

I lapped at her with everything that I had. I licked with passion on her, wanting her to gasp out in delight. I stroked through her folds and brushed her clit. She gasped as I did that. Her body quivered with delight. Her head tossed back and forth as I pleasured her.

I toyed with her lusts as I did. I amplified the delight she received from my tongue stroking over her folds. I flicked her clit ring. She shuddered, her tail twitching. She still held me to her with her tail as I feasted on her.

Her groans and hisses filled my ears with her delight.

My women watched on. I felt the lusts from them growing, too. Envy for Zianamilizzi growing through them. They all wanted me to eat them out. All craved to have my tongue stroking through their folds. They were all such delicious women.

Oh, my, yes, groaned the naga. Shadow's kiss, you are a skilled one, aren't you?

I winked at her.

And cocky, she groaned as I thrust my tongue into her spicy depths. Yes, yes, I see why Queen Athirmi chose you. Oh, yes, indeed.

I danced my tongue around in her pussy, stroking her juicy sides. Her spicy musk soaked my taste buds. Such an exciting delight to experience. I loved it so much. I could just feast on her all day long. What a treat that was.

I licked at her with hunger. I stroked through her folds with passion. She gasped, her tail rasping together. Her boobs jiggled in her hands, the piercings threaded through her nipples gleaming. I loved the sight of them as I fucked my tongue in and out of her pussy.

I squeezed her scaled rump as I tongue-fucked her pussy. I gave her a taste of what she would soon be receiving. I pleasured the Istandar of Kyizziania. She hissed louder and louder as her orgasm built inside of her. She would have a huge climax.

But not the biggest she would enjoy at my hands.

I fluttered my tongue up to her clit, her scales rubbing on my lips. I brushed her clit, flicking her piercing up and down. She shuddered, the pleasure rippling through her, feeding the orgasm that grew and grew inside of her.

She would have a big climax. A mighty cum. I was so ready for her to gasp out in rapture. I was eager for it as I flicked her piercing. I batted it up and down. She moaned and hissed, her boobs jiggling above me. She thrust her arms in the air and swayed like a serpent.

Yesssssss! she hissed, long and sensuous. That'sssss it. That'sssss sssssso good. Yessssss!

I licked and lapped at her with hunger. I wanted to make her explode. I fluttered my tongue around her pierced clit then latched onto her bud. I suckled on her now. I nursed with hunger. She gasped, her boobs bouncing.

Ambassssador! Her body swayed more. I had never seen a woman do that before. It was delicious to watch. You are sssssso sssskilled. Yesssss!

I nibbled on her bud. Her boobs quivered as she swayed. The emeralds on her nipple rings caught the light. Her sighs breathed from her open lips. She arched her back now, her tits thrusting forward as she undulated her torso.

Her orgasm swelled in her. I teased her to higher levels of bliss. To feel the most amazing delight she had ever experienced. I gripped her ass, massaging her scaled rump as she hit that moment of anticipation. She was on the edge of her climax. I grabbed her clit piercing with my teeth and tugged.

YEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSS!

Her spicy pussy cream gushed out of her cunt. I bathed in the naga's juices. They washed over me as she bucked and sighed. Her passion echoed through the throne room. I licked at her pussy, gathering up every drop of her cunt cream.

The pleasure rippled through her body. She went rigid as she savored the ecstasy. I twisted it. Bent it towards desiring me more and more. To craving my hard cock. Her arms collapsed. She sank back into her throne, moaning and hissing.

Ambassssador, she cooed. Yessss, that'sssss it. Sssss, that'sssss it.

I drank every drop of her pussy cream that I could, her orgasm peaking in her. I didn't relent I wanted her to enjoy every second of what I did to her. Every last moment of passion. She trembled there, her body swaying. 

She had such a big smile on her lips as I licked at her. I lapped at her cunt, savoring what I did to her. I how I loved her. It was an amazing moment do this to her. She was in heaven. A big smile spread on her lips.

Yessssss, she groaned, but she needed more. But that's not the only instrument you have, isssss it, Ambassssador? You brought something else for your negotiationsss.

Like what? I asked, staring up at her, pussy cream spilling down my chin.

Something big. Something sssstimulating. She quivered. I must test it. Make ssssure it will ssssatisssfy my empressss. She is very... particular on her pleasuressss.

I rose and grabbed my cock. I shook it at the naga, swelling her lusts for it even more. Her need to have it in her. Fucking her. I think this will do the job.

Mayhap, she cooed. I must enjoy it. Fuck me! Now! Ram that cock into my cunt! A feverish heat burned in her reptilian eyes. Her hand grabbed my dick and pulled me to her cunt. She craved my cock more than anything.

I grinned and readied to twist her passions even more as she pressed my cock into her slit of her pussy. I brushed her scales then the hot folds of her cunt. A shiver ran through me as she pushed me right against her cunt. She would make me pound her hard and fast.

Or so she thought she made me.

I thrust into her cunt. Her tail pulled me tight into her. I hugged her human torso, her naked breasts pressing into my muscular chest. She wasn't as warm as my women. Her body cooler. Not cold, she still had heat in her, but just not as much.

She gasped as my cock penetrated to the hilt in her cunt. She quivered there as I stared into her eyes. I twisted her pleasures even more, letting her feel the best dick she's ever had in her cunt. She groaned as she realized just what she was enjoying.

Yes, she groaned. Oh, yes, yes, that's it. That's what I need.

Good, I groaned, savoring the feel of her cunt around my dick. Mmm, you love that, huh?

Yessssss, she moaned. That'ssss amazing. Your cock, Ambassssador. Your cock is sublime.

I kissed her with lips soaked in her pussy juices. She groaned, hugging me back. Her tongue flicked into my mouth, long and forked. She tickled the back of my throat. I groaned as I drew back my cock. Her cunt gripped me.

She quivered as she felt such pleasure. Such glorious bliss. No cock had ever made her feel this good. She had never felt anything in her pussy as wondrous as my dick. I thrust back into her snatch. She moaned as I did that, kissing me harder.

She held me with her arms and tail as I fucked her pussy. The naga groaned, her scales rasping together as I pounded her. I fucked into her juicy cunt. I loved the feel of her silky flesh gripping my thrusting dick. Pleasure swept through me.

My balls drank it in as they smacked into her tail.

She hissed her own delight, her fingernails raking down the back of my robe.

Zianamilizzi broke the kiss and hissed, Yes! That'ssss it. Ooh, you are such a delight, Ambassssador. Just such a treat. Mmm, yes, yesssssss!

I grinned at her. Good enough for your empress?

Too good, she moaned as I fucked into her. Oh, you have a magnificent cock. I have never felt the like!

I slammed hard into her, loving how she hissed. Her eyes squeezed shut. Her body undulated in my arms, rubbing her breasts and her hard nipples across my chest. I loved it as I fucked into her hard and fast. 

The naga squirmed on her throne as I fucked her. I buried into her again and again. I plowed to the hilt in her, loving how she gripped my dick. She massaged me with such passion. It was an incredible delight to bury into her cunt again and again.

She squeezed her snatch around me. She held me tight as I fucked her with such force. I buried into her again and again. It was outstanding to fuck her cunt. I loved how she squeezed about me. I savored how she humped against me as she undulated.

Her pussy stirred around my thrusting cock. I groaned, pounding her hard. She hissed louder and louder as her orgasm built and built in her. I wanted her to just detonate. To have the biggest orgasm of her life. I built it in her.

An inferno that would rage through her.

Shadow'ssssss kisssssss! she sighed as my cock pummeled her cunt.

You going to cum on my dick, Zianamilizzi? I groaned.

Istandar, she groaned. I'm Issstandar!

Zianamilizzi, you're going to burst, I growled, fucking her cunt. You're going to just explode, aren't you?

Yessssss! She squeezed her cunt down on my dick. Amazing! Sssstupendoussss. Your cock... I love it! Yesssss, yessss, fuck me so hard with your big cock, Ambassssador!

I slammed to the hilt in her cunt. I fucked into her hard and fast. I savored how she squeezed her snatch around me. She gripped me, the ache building and building in my nuts. I fucked her hard and fast. I plowed to the hilt, savoring the way she massaged me.

I ignored my building orgasm. I fought against it as I stoked hers hotter and hotter. I had to make her explode. I felt the pressure in her. She hissed, clamping her cunt down hard. She needed to cum. Felt so close, but wasn't quite there yet.

My fingers found her asshole. I massaged her puckered hole as I buried my cock to the hilt in her cunt. I thrust two digits into her backdoor. Her anal ring widened and devoured my digits. The sudden pleasure swept through her.

She detonated.

SHAAAAADDOOOOOOW'SSSSSSS KIIIIISSSSSSS!

Her cunt writhed around my dick. Her hot twat convulsed and suckled at my cock. I groaned, loving the way her pussy spasmed around my rod. The hot delight nursed at me. The pressure in my balls hit that bursting point as she drowned in her greatest orgasm ever.

I erupted into her cunt.

I pumped her pussy full of my jizz.

Blast after blast of my cum fired from my nuts and hosed down her cunt. She bucked in my arms as she cried out her pleasure. She whimpered, her pussy rippling and writhing around me. She had such an amazing twat. I loved how she suckled at me. She nursed with such passion on me, working out all the cum I had in my nuts.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned, savoring the pleasure rushing through me. Oh, that's amazing. That's outstanding. Las's big cock!

You sssstud! she gasped, her pussy milking my cum. My seed flooded her womb.

I bred her.

I gloried in breeding this naga. Zianamilizzi trembled in my arms as I twisted her desires. She knew she would never cum half-as-hard except on my cock. I savored her passion rippling around my dick. I enjoyed every second of dumping my cum in her.

She gasped and moaned. Everyone in the room burned with lust, even the lamia slaves that she kept chained to her throne. I savored this moment as I fired the last of my cum into her pussy. My entire body burned with ecstasy.

With triumph.

She was mine. I could do whatever I wanted to her. She whimpered as her pussy writhed around my cock. I ripped my fingers out of her asshole and held them up to her lips. She suckled them in, nursing on them like a good naga.

Want to get fucked again by my dick? I asked her.

She nodded, her pussy clenching down my cock.

I glanced back at my sisters. Lasla burned with lust, but so did Pyrriah. Her red hair flickered with a hint of her phoenix flames. I ripped my dick out of Zianamilizzi's cunt and stepped out of the embrace of her tail.

See my redheaded sister, I said, pointing at Pyrriah. You go over there, eat out her cunt, and I'll fuck you in the asshole hard and fast.

I twisted her desires once more. Her entire body shuddered. She nodded, her tongue darting out and tasting the air. Then she slithered off her throne. Her purple tail stretched out to an impressive fifteen feet as she slithered towards my sister.

The three chained lamia looked on in shock. So did the other members of Zianamilizzi's court. I grinned at the power I had over the istandar. Pyrriah glanced at me and smiled. Lasla let out an annoyed groan then rolled her eyes.

I'd have to make it up to her later.

Pyrriah opened her robes. My twin sister showed off that lovely body of hers. Firm, round tits thrust out proudly before her, draped with several necklaces that sparkled. She looked gorgeous just wearing jewels. 

Her red bush dripped with her excitement. The naga reached her and lowered herself on her tail until she just had to lean over slightly to plant her face into my sister's cunt. I loved the sight of the naga's rump, covered in her purple scales. Her human skin started just above there, sleek and lithe. Her vibrant hair spilled over her shoulders.

I don't normally do thisssss, hissed the naga, but you are honored guests. Allowances must be made.

She buried her face into my sister's bush. 

Pyrriah gasped, Gewin's mighty cock! Her tongue!

Yeah, I said, knowing that my sister must be enjoying that long, prehensile tongue with its forked ends stirring around in her cunt. Have fun.

I will, she groaned as I dropped to my knees straddling the naga's tail. My cock, soaked in her cunt cream, aimed at that asshole peeking out around her scales.

I pressed my cock right into her backdoor, nuzzling against that puckered opening. She didn't have a butt-crack, like the mermaids. This was a delicious treat. I gripped her hips, right where scales transitioned into skin, and thrust against her anal ring.

She gasped as I did that. She hissed into my sister's twat. Pyrriah grinned at me, this gleam in her blue eyes. She kneaded her round breasts as she enjoyed the naga's tongue. I pushed harder against Zianamilizzi's asshole.

Yesssss, she moaned into my sister's pussy. Ambassssador, that dick. That magnificsssent dick.

I grinned as her anal ring widened and widened to take my cock. It was a delicious moment. I savored every second of it. She stretched wider and wider. I groaned at her stretching open to swallow my dick.

With a hard thrust, I popped past her resisting backdoor and entered her bowels. She sighed as pleasure rippled through her. It was her first time, I realized. I broke in her asshole as my hands slid up her body to those round breasts of hers.

I kneaded her tits as my cock sank into her bowels. I loved the feel of her about me while my lusts twisted her passions even more. I molded them as she took my big dick in her anal sheath. I sank to the hilt in her, my balls resting on scales.

Night's kisssssss! she moaned. Yesssss! That is incredible, Ambassssador!

So is that tongue licking around my cunt, Pyrriah moaned. Be a good naga and swirl around in there.

I tamped down the naga's indignation and sainted had those words inflame her lusts. Yessss!

She thrust her tongue back into my sister's cunt. I felt my twin's pleasure trembling through her as she quivered there. That was wonderful. This was working out even better than I thought. I knew the empress wouldn't go this easy, but Zianamilizzi was a pushover.

I massaged her tits as I drew back my cock. She hissed her delight into my sister's cunt as I savored those tight bowels squeezing about my shaft. The pleasure melted up my dick and soaked through my balls. It was perfect.

I thrust back into the naga's bowels. I fucked into her with force. She groaned as I did that. She whimpered as I plowed deep and hard into her anal sheath. I fucked her with force. I buried into her anal sheath again and again.

Yes, yes, yes, Pyrriah moaned. She grabbed a fistful of the naga's hair. Just like that. Mmm, you snaky slut, lick my cunt and make me cum!

Yes, do it! I growled, slamming my cock into Zianamilizzi's asshole. At the same time, I slammed my desires into her lusts, changing them even more.

Ssss, purred the naga as I fucked her asshole hard. Yesssss. I'll make you cum!

That's a good snake, I groaned, burying into her asshole. Damn, you are squeezing so tight around my cock. Just massaging me with that hot asshole. Are you going to cum on my big dick? Huh? You going to be an anal-whore and explode!

Yesssssss, Ambassssador! 

I grinned and twisted her nipples now. She sighed and squeezed her bowels tight around my dick. I loved the feeling of her anal sheath around me. I pumped away at her. I fucked her bowels hard and fast. I loved the way she took my cock.

It was a fantastic delight to have her gripping me. She massaged me with such passion. I thrust into her again and again. My balls slapped into her taint. I fucked into her hard and fast, loving how she gripped me. It was outstanding.

Yes! I growled. Gods damn, take my cock, naga!

I am! she moaned, her orgasm building and building.

And so was my sister's.

Pyrriah's round boobs quivered as she ground her cunt on the naga's mouth. Zianamilizzi pleasured my sister with that long tongue. Pyrriah's head threw back. Her round tits bounced and jiggled. Her passionate moans were so sweet.

I grinned at my sister as I ass-fucked the naga. I pounded her bowels hard. I buried to the hilt in her anal sheath again and again. I fucked her hard. Fast. I reveled in that wonderful sheath gripping me. My nuts tightened.

Gods, yes, moaned Pyrriah. You're going to drown in my cunt cream, naga! Oh, you slut! Your tongue is amazing!

Sounds like it, Lasla whimpered in envy.

I winked at my other sister. She would get to experience that pleasure. I knew her. She was dominating. She would make sure she had her own tryst with the naga before too long. Lasla would have the naga begging for the honor.

I slammed deep and hard into the naga's asshole. Her orgasm swelled towards another mighty cum. I loved it. I twisted her nipples, savoring playing with those nubs as my heavy nuts slapped into her tail. The naga hissed and sighed, her head moving as she feasted on my sister's cunt.

Gewin's mighty cock, Pyrriah moaned. I'm almost there.

Yes! I growled as I slammed to the hilt in her anal sheath. Gods damn, I want you to cum, Pyrriah. Just explode!

I will. Her face twisted in delight. Oh, Kurtis, her tongue is so deep in me. I... I... Yes!

My twin climaxed.

Her body bucked as I felt her pleasure rushing through her body. She tossed her head from side to side, her moans echoing through the air. They were so lovely to hear. Just a delight to have singing through the air. 

I pumped away at Zianamilizzi, fucking her hard and fast. The naga squeezed her bowels around me as she drank my twin's pussy juices. I reached into the Zianamilizzi's lusts and triggered her orgasm. I made her explode.

Shadow'sssss kisssss! she squealed as I buried into her bowels.

Her anal sheath writhed around me. She suckled at me with her hot flesh. I groaned as I drew back. The pressure in my nuts hit that bursting point. I groaned and buried back to the hilt in her asshole. I threw back my head and exploded.

Las's big dick! 

I fired my cum into her bowels. Blast after blast of my jizz pumped into her anal sheath. She gasped and moaned as I spurted over and over again. I loved the way her bowels writhed around my cock. She suckled at me with such hunger.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned.

Ambassssador! she hissed. Your ssssseed!

His seed! Lasla moaned. 

I groaned as that hot asshole milked my cock. I pumped load after load of my cum into her bowels. I savored every eruption of my cum that pumped into her cunt. I unloaded everything that I had into her. I sucked in deep breaths, savoring this moment. 

It was fantastic to pump her asshole full of my cum. I emptied my nuts into her. The pleasure slammed into my mind. I groaned as I hit that peak of my pleasure. Zianamilizzi rubbed her face into my sister's cunt.

Oh, that was delightful, Pyrriah cooed.

Yes, it was, I groaned as I fired the last of my cum into the naga's asshole. Gods, you're just a slut.

I am, breathed the naga as I swirled a new desire in her. Such a slut, I have to suck my ass off your dick.

I ripped my cock out of her anal sheath and said, If you insist, Istandar. If you insist.

I do, she hissed like it was her idea.

Lasla shook her head, amusement on her lips.

I winked at her and pulled my cock out of Zianamilizzi's asshole. I rose, my dick bobbing before me. The naga turned on her tail to face me. She grabbed my hips with her human fingers and opened her mouth wide to engulf me.

She slid her plump lips over the crown of my cock. I shuddered at the massaging pressure. The naga stared up at me with such lusts burning in her purple eyes. She groaned around my cock as she suckled on me.

Gods, yes, I groaned as she worked her mouth up and down my shaft. Just like that.

I gathered a fistful of her purple hair. I held it as she bobbed her head. She worked her mouth up and down my cock. She suckled on me with such force. I loved what she did to me. I savored it as she nursed on my cock with her hungry mouth.

I treasured what she did to me. She nursed with such passion on my cock. She suckled on me with such force. She took more of me, her tongue stroking along the bottom of my cock. Then she wrapped it around my shaft, entwining about my dick like a snake. 

Her tongue slid out of my mouth and down my shaft. I groaned as she slithered it all the way to my base. She tickled my bowels as she moaned, polishing my dick clean of her asshole like no other female had.

Las's big dick, I groaned as she loved my dirty cock. You are a slut, Istandar.

She winked at me, her lusts quivering with her delight. 

My cum leaked out of her asshole and spilled milky down her purple scales. I watched the rivulet as she worked her tongue up and down my cock like a hand. I quivered at her tongue job, loving this amazing pleasure.

She massaged the crown of my dick as she polished my pole. She drove me wild with her licking and sucking. It was an incredible delight to have her doing this. I savored every second of it. A big smile spread on my lips.

Just like that, I groaned. Damn, that's good. Just like that, Istandar. You are such a good slut.

She stroked up and down my shaft with her tongue. She licked at me with such hunger. It was an incredible rush. I loved what she was doing to me. It was incredible. I groaned, my heart pounding in my chest.

The pressure in my balls swelled as her tongue stroked me. She groaned, reveling in the sour flavor of her asshole. She moaned around my dick. I loved it. She quivered there, that milky line of cum running farther down her scales.

Then her tongue unwound from about my shaft.

I shuddered as she caressed me. Las's big dick.

Her tongue went back into her mouth and she resumed sucking on me. She bobbed her head, nursing with such force. My balls twitched at what she did to me. It was an incredible rush to have her doing this.

My hands balled into fists as the pressure swelled and swelled in me. I loved this so much. It was an incredible rush to have her doing this. It was great. I loved every second of her doing this. I enjoyed every last moment of it.

Yes, I groaned. Oh, damn, that's good. That's really good.

She winked at me.

Gods damn, get ready for a mouthful of cum.

She suckled so hard, nursing on me. She worked her mouth up and down my dick. She nursed on me with all her might, her cheeks hollowing. It was an incredible rush. The pressure in my nuts hit that bursting point.

Las's big dick! I growled and erupted.

I pumped her mouth full of my spunk. Spurt after spurt of my jizz pumped into her hungry mouth. She groaned, gulping down my jizz. She closed her purple eyes, her lusts burning through her. I made sure she loved this.

She savored drinking my cum. She gulped it down as I fired more and more into her mouth. I flooded her with my seed. I groaned as the pleasure surged through me. I gripped her hair as the rapture slammed into my mind.

Gods damn, I breathed as she suckled out the last of my cum.

She ripped her mouth off and rose before me. She panted, drool and cum dripping down her chin. She stared me in the eyes. You have leave to travel to the Empress of Shizhuth, Ambassssador. She quivered from side to side. Further, I shall journey with you to make sure you are... unmolested.

My thanks, Istandar, I said, feeling the shock from everyone in the room, including her warleader. He looked stony-faced, hiding it well.

Good, she said and slithered around me. Prepare rooms for our guests. We leave on the morrow.

I grinned, that turned out far, far better than I thought.  

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla  The Shizhuth Empire

We were on the road the next day. Soon, we were traveling through flooded fields of rice with the human farmers wading through it in shorts. They bowed to the shadow knights and Zianamilizzi's carriage. The naga truly wanted to escort us.

She didn't want to let my brother escape her.

I didn't blame her. He was quite the stud. He always made my pussy melt. My brother was the best lover there was, and he had given her a huge taste of what he could do to her. She had been consumed by his passion.

Which was always hot.

It made the travel exciting.

When it was time for camp, instead of staying in the orderly village we had just passed through, Istandar Zianamilizzi proclaimed that she was too good to stay in an inn. So she had her pavilion erected in a field outside.

I was certain the villagers were relieved. None of them looked happy to see a naga. They were a frightened, broken people. They had lived for a thousand or more years under the naga's tail. There were so many tyrants in this world.

It was awful.

As the naga's entourage set up their pavilion, our sex slaves readied our camp. We didn't have a massive pavilion, but we did know how to camp. Traveling to and from Drakin Castle had taught us that. 

Mother took care of the cooking, of course, while the rakshasa and soldiers set up the various tents. Diane hummed. She wasn't much help, but she did look sexy dancing and twerking. She kept up morale. Nephi prowled around the camp on guard.

I felt a powerful lust burning in the naga pavilion. I smiled and knew it wouldn't be long now. As the sun was vanishing, Istandar Zianamilizzi slithered out of her pavilion, her purple hair spilling around her. She headed straight for us, her lusts burning hot.

Her warleader stepped out and watched her, his eyes hard. He rested a gauntlet-clad hand on his pet lamia. I moved to intercept the naga, feeling that overwhelming desire she had for my brother. The slut would do anything for him.

And I was so eager to use that for my own pleasure.

Good evening, Istandar, I purred as I stopped the naga from slithering any father.

Out of the way, she hissed. I have important matters of state to discusssss with the Ambassssador.

Right, I said. I opened my robes. But, you see, you have to negotiate with me, first.

What? the naga hissed, her lusts burning in her. They blazed so hot, driving her wild. A rivulet of pussy juices ran down her purple scales from her pussy lips. 

Yes, yes, I said. If you want to negotiate with my brother, you first have to convince me. I slid my hand down my stomach to my black thatch of pubic hair. My cunt burned. I'm told you have quite the persuasive tongue.

I surged her desire to eat me out, reminding her how much she enjoyed my sister's last night. The naga swayed there, her tongue flicking out and tasting the air. She stared down at my cunt as I twisted her desires for my brother into such a wanton need she would do anything, even pleasure me.

Fine! she hissed. I will be quite convincing.

My brother wanted her broken to him. These were the final stages. She was surrendering to us. It was wonderful. I loved how she lowered herself down. I slid my fingers through her purple hair as her tongue darted out and brushed my pubic hair.

Pyrriah had thoroughly enjoyed the naga's special tongue. I was so eager for it, too. I quivered here, my lusts reaching a feverish pitch in me. This burning need to just have her eat me out. It would be fantastic. I couldn't wait to have her devour me and make me explode.

Istandar Zianamilizzi pressed her face into my bush and surrendered.

Her lips kissed at my pussy. I loved the feel of them on me. She nibbled with her soft mouth, but no tongue licked out yet. I quivered over her, my hands stroking through her purple hair. I loved the silky texture as she kissed at me.

Mmm, yes, yes, show me your negotiations skills, Istandar, I moaned. Her warleader watched me.

I bet he was an amazing fuck.

I undulated my hips, smearing my hot twat on her face, my curls rubbing on her features. She hissed into my cunt, her lips smooching at my cunt. I loved this so much. I increased her desire for me and the pleasure she received in submitting. It made her pussy burn hot.

That's right, I groaned. Love my cunt. Oh, you just adore eating my pussy. Mine and Pyrriah's. Our brother loves us. If you want him, you have to love us, too.

Yesssss, Zianamilizzi hissed.

The naga thrust her tongue into my pussy.
I gasped at that long and narrow tongue reached to my cervix. The forked ends tickled me. I quivered at the feel of her in me so deep. I shuddered as she swirled her tongue about in me. Pleasure rippled through my body.

Yes, I gasped. Oh, yes, yes, that's amazing. Ooh, don't stop that. I love it. I love your tongue dancing around in me so much.

The naga winked at me.

I rewarded her with more pleasure for loving a cunt. Her desire for me burned nearly as bright as for Kurtis. I loved this so much. She had no idea that she dealt with a Son and Daughter of Las. I quivered in delight as my orgasm built in me.

Her tongue wiggled about with such agility. I had never quite felt the like before. It was so enjoyable. Just so wonderful for me to savor. My face twisted in delight at her tongue's naughty actions. She stirred me up with it. 

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned, my heart beating so fast. Ooh, that's good. That's so good. I love that so much.

She fucked her tongue in and out of my cunt. She thrust in and out of me. She churned me up with her passion. I loved it so much. My heart pounded in my chest as I clenched my cunt down around on her tongue. 

She stroked her tongue through my sheath, teasing me with her forked end. She had such control over it. Her soft mouth massaged my pussy lips and clit as she worked her tongue around in the depths of my snatch.

Yes, yes, just like that, I cooed.

She stroked her tongue down the top of my pussy. I shivered at her touch. It was an excellent delight. A big smile spread on my lips as she worked her tongue up and down my pussy. I gasped when she brushed this spot in me.

Las's big dick! I gasped as she stroked it.

Her tongue massaged that spot. I loved it. That special spot always made me cum so hard. She purred into my cunt as she stroked it. I quivered, my twat on fire. She stroked up and down it, the pleasure building faster and faster.

Oh, you're going to make me drown you in cunt cream! I hissed. Yes, yes, just like that. Mmm, here it comes!

She fluttered her tongue around in my cunt. She stroked me in just the right way. I threw back my head and cried out in orgasmic delight. My pleasure burst in me. My cunt spasmed. Pussy cream gushed into her mouth.

Oh, Gods damn, yes! I squealed.

She drank my pussy cream, her hands gripping my rump. She held on tight as I gushed more and more of my juices into her mouth. I swayed there, the pleasure sweeping through me. Such powerful waves of delight rushed through my body.

I groaned, my round tits jiggling. My necklaces jingled as the rapture drowned my mind. She didn't lick at my cunt. She just drank the cream that spilled out of me. I ground my clit on her mouth. I loved the feel of her lips my twat.

Yes! I moaned. Oh, Las's big dick!

I shuddered through the last of my orgasm. I swayed there, my hair swaying around my hot face. I licked my lips, feeling so amazing right now. Just so great. I could just float away. My heart pounded so fast as she burned for my brother.

Well? she demanded as she rose.

Mmm, you are a very skilled pussy licker, I said, feeling my brother's pleasure. He had Pyrriah's pussy working up and down his cock. 

So I can sssssee him? She stared at me, my cunt cream spilling down her chin. Her own pussy dripped a flood her passion down her scales.

Not tonight, I said. I'm afraid he's busy with my sister. Come back tomorrow night. I'm sure he'll be free then.

Anger flared in her, but I had my lusts in her. I twisted her about. She thumped her tail on the ground. She wanted to order the attack, but I arched an eyebrow at her and cupped her chin. I stared into her eyes as I stoked that submissive desire my brother had created in her.

Be a good slut, and come back tomorrow evening, I purred. My brother will fuck you then. But if you throw a fit, I'll spank you before all your soldiers.

She quivered there.

Now, go.

Yesssss, she hissed. Tomorrow.

She burned so much for my brother, but she also bent her will to us. We owned her, and she didn't even realize it. She turned and slithered back to her pavilion. Her warleader stared at me, his face impossible to read.

But I could feel his anger. He didn't like this. But he also obeyed her, so what did it matter. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis  The Forbidden City

It took a week to reach the Forbidden City. 

A week for Istandar Zianamilizzi to be wrapped around my cock. And my sister's dildo. Lasla had the naga ready to do anything for a chance to have my cock. I fucked the Istandar only the second night and last night.

Every other night, Lasla toyed with Zianamilizzi. She was ours.

We would need an alley as we stared down at the Forbidden City. The capital of the Shizhuth empire lay in a perpetual shroud. An inky shadow covered the city, obscuring the sun. I had no idea it was like that. 

How is that even possible? Pyrriah asked.

I don't know, answered Mother. Few outsiders ever survive to talk about the Forbidden City.

Ghostly flames lit the city. They flickered around the onion-like spires that capped many of the buildings. People flowed in and out, peasants bringing in food from the farmland around the city. I didn't know how anyone could live there.

You can see the Coliseum, Ambassssador, Istandar Zianamilizzi said as she poked her head out of her carriage. She pointed to the large, domed structure in the heart of the gloomy city. You will excite the citizens with prospects of new matches. That troll... he is a very impressive specimen.

That wasn't why we were here, but I swallowed my words.

We entered the darkness. The place chilled me, and it had nothing to do with the gloom. The buildings rose around us made of black stone. I could feel the blood in the mortar. This place had witnessed so much suffering, the echoes of it resounded through the streets.

The citizens were all pale skin who moved through the darkness in cloth wrapped around the body that did not cover much legs and left half a person's chest bare, whether they were men or women. They stopped to watch us with this... madness in their eyes.

Nagas appeared on palanquins. They were held up on the shoulders of muscular slaves, their tails coiled about them. Jewelry draped their bodies. They had red or green or purple or blue scales. Their hisses echoed around us as they hungered for us.

My shoulders itched. 

The palace, Zianamilizzi declared as she pointed to a large structure ahead. The stones that made up the outer wall were massive and made of the same black rock. Only these rocks had a wet gleam to them like they were perpetually drenched in blood.

Two massive doors lay open, both made of gold. Soldiers stood out front in black armor, not a hint of their skin showing. They saw out of slits in their visors. Word had come ahead of us because lamia servants awaited us in the courtyard beyond.

They all bowed low. I could smell the terror spilling off the cat-like girls. I had made a huge mistake coming here. 

Zianamilizzi transferred into her own palanquin and the party continued. I rode Nephi like planned, Diane dancing before me. Soldiers opened the doors into the palace itself. Much like with Zianamilizzi's palace, the corridor led to a massive room.

Only it was more imposing. Larger. Lit by those same pale-blue flames that gave off no heat. It cast the throne room in spectral hues. The courtiers, a mix of humans and nagas, all stared at us with cold eyes while the throne itself remained in shadows.

Many lamia serving girls moved about, naked. Many had welts on their backs and rumps. Others scars from the whips or claws. One lay twitching on the ground, her mouth frothing as if she had been bit by a...
Naga.
One naga stood over her, a sneer on her lips as she watched the lamia die for some slight or offense. My stomach churned with disgust while anger boiled through me.

The Ambassssador of Naith, hissed Zianamilizzi, here to treat with you, your dread majesty.

Step forward, Ambassssador, came from the throne. Stand before me.

Diane danced forward as I followed on Nephi, the rest of my entourage behind me. The shadows melted away to reveal Empress Szialianith in all her dark glory. She had crimson scales that matched her red hair that spilled down around her shoulders. She was adorned in gold. So many necklaces draped over her large tits that they were almost hidden. More bands adorned her tail as it draped over her throne. Her dead eyes stared at me, a smile spreading on her lips.

A moon maiden? Such a wonderful gift you have brought me, Ambassssador.

My blood chilled at the naked lust in her eyes.

To be continued...
