Author: mypenname3000
Commissioned by: n1one
Title: Daughter's Burning Breeding Desire Chapter One: Birthday Girl is Deflowered by Her Daddy
Series: Daddy's Good Girls Club
Summary: The birthday girl is deflowered by her daddy!
Keywords: Ff Mf MFFf mf inc oral creampie anal 1st exhib voy breed

Copywrite 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Rosalita Lopez

I was so excited. This would be such a wonderful night. I would be the first girl in the Daddy's Good Girl Club to have sex with her daddy. I would be the first to be bred by him, too. I would beat all my friends. Aubrey, Shanice, Candy, and Tamara didn't stand a chance.

I had an edge. I hadn't told them the truth about my family.

Rosalita Ascension Lopez, Mom said with a sharp voice as I sat on the shower stool in the large bath, the water half full. You stop squirming around right now. You don't want me to cut you while shaving your gorgeous pussy.

No, Mommy, I said and forced myself to stop moving. 

You have to be good and bare for your daddy to deflower you, Mom said as she brought the pink razor to my bush covered in the white shaving cream. You don't want to have a hairy bush, do you?

No, Mommy, I said. It's just so hard. I'm so ready to be fucked by Daddy. I'm ready for him to bury into me.

Today was such a special day. I turned fourteen. I was finally old enough for the family tradition of being deflowered by my daddy. It was an amazing one. My cousins had been deflowered by their father (who was also my father, but we didn't tell outsiders that) so they already had the joy. I was so eager for it. 

Mommy started working the razor through my hair. She had trimmed me down with clippers, and now she was working with care. I fought against the shivers as I felt the razor cutting the hair. It made a scraping sound. 

She rinsed the blade off in the bathwater she knelt in, her black hair pinned up to keep it dry. She was naked, like me, her big boobs swaying. Her brown nipples brushed the water sometimes, emerging dripping. I wanted to suckle on them.

Love was a family affair in the Lopez family. That was just the way things should be.

Mom shaved my pubic mound first. She worked with care, of course. She was such a good mommy. She slowly shaved away all my curls before turning to my vulva. I fought really, really, really had to stay still as she worked her razor.

She slid down the sides of my pussy. I swallowed as she did that. I didn't want to be cut on my tight slit. I still had my cherry, of course. Daddy would want to feel my cherry snapping. I had worked hard, avoiding activities like sports or gymnastics or even riding a bike to make sure I didn't accidentally break it. I knew he would still love me if an accident happened, but he deserved the best.

My daddy was amazing.

Mommy worked with care. She slid down the right side of my slit, then the left side. She shaved my taint then cupped her hands and drenched my pussy in water. I shuddered as the warmth spilled over my pubic mound and washed away all the traces.

The shaving cream was mostly gone. She dipped her hands in again and poured more bathwater over my pussy. Then she rubbed at my cunt, sliding over my fold and my vulva. She felt around, making sure I was shaved perfectly.

She was such a good mommy.

Well, that is perfect, she purred.

Thanks, Mommy, I said then gasped as she ducked her he and kissed and kissed my pussy with her lips. What are you doing, Mommy? Daddy's my first!

Mmm, your daddy gets your cherry, but I get to make you cum first. She winked at me. Mother's prerogative, mi sirenita.

Oh, I said. I was learning so much today.

She licked at my pussy. I shuddered at the feel of her tongue parting my folds and brushing my hymen. She stroked over that little membrane I had guarded so well for fourteen years. I shuddered at her stroking tongue, my heart pounding so much.

I leaned back on the shower stool and trembled. It was incredible. Mom's tongue felt amazing sliding over my folds. She stroked my naughty petals, purring as she did. I trembled there, my round breasts jiggling. 

How do I taste, Mommy? I asked.

Spicy and delicious, she purred. Oh, your daddy and the rest of the family are going to love you!

I beamed at her, so happy for this moment. I wanted to be so tasty for my daddy. I wanted him to lick me. To feast on me. That would be just perfect. His tongue stroked through my folds again and again. She lapped at me.

Her hands stroked my thighs as I trembled, loving the feel of her licking me like that. My boobies jiggled. My face contorted with delight as she danced her tongue over my bud. My clit throbbed, responding to her touches.

She was such a wonderful mommy.

Yes, I whimpered as she danced her tongue around my bud.

Mmm, are you going to drown me in your pussy cream, mi sirenita? she purred.

Yes, Mommy, I gasped.

She suckled on my clit. I gasped, my butt rising off the shower stool for a moment. That felt incredible. I rubbed my love button, of course, but it never felt as good as this. Her soft lips nibbled on me. I trembled, my heart pounding so fast.

I rose and rose toward my orgasm. I would have a big one. I couldn't wait to drown Mommy in all my passion. She stroked her tongue around my bud. She was such a delicious beauty. Her brown eyes stared up at me as she loved me.

My back arched as she suckled hard. My toes curled, my feet shifting in the warm water. It lapped against the side. I couldn't hold back. I had to drown my mother in all my pussy cream. I would just have a big burst of cum.

Mommy! I gasped as it happened.

I climaxed.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned, bucking on the shower stool as my pussy convulsed.

My juices gushed out and bathed my loving mommy's mouth. She licked at my cunt. She stroked my tongue up and down my folds. It was so wonderful having her do that. Just so amazing to drown her in all my passion.

She stroked he tongue through my pussy lips. She lapped at me with such passion, purring her delight. Mommy loved the taste of my cunt. The spicy aroma filled my nose as the waves of delight washed through me.

They drowned me.

I loved that so much. It was so amazing to have all this pleasure gushing through me. My boobs jiggled as Mommy kept lapping up all the passion. She stroked through my folds and danced around my tongue. She was just so loving.

Just such an amazing Mommy.

I was in heaven as my head tossed. It was so wondrous to have all this pleasure sweeping through me. My head tossed back and forth, my boobs bouncing and jiggling. She stroked her tongue from my taint to my clit.

Mmm, you're so ready to be deflowered, mi sirenita, she cooed.

Thank you, I moaned, so glad for it. Oh, Mommy, I'm so ready for it!

Then let's get you dressed, Mom said and rose. She stepped out of the bath and grabbed a towel. She held it for me. Birthday girl!

I grinned from ear to ear. I hopped out of the bath, water dripping down my legs. Mommy bent down and rubbed at my legs, drying them off. Then she worked up and up my thighs until she rubbed at my pussy.

I gasped at her massaging my virgin twat with the towel. The material felt amazing on my legs. I smiled in delight at that. Tingles raced through me. I was so ready to be fucked and bred by Daddy. That would just be an amazing moment. 

I darted out of the bathroom and found my pretty dress on the bed. Our family didn't celebrate the quinceaera like other Hispanic families, but the girls still got the pretty dresses. I was so excited to pull on the pink dress with the puffy skirt and the glitter in the bodice. This was just such a beautiful garment. I would be so pretty in it.

Mommy came out of the bathroom as I was slipping the dress on. She let her hair down and smiled at me. I turned around so she could zip me up. The skirt was puffy but only fell to my mid-thigh. I sat on the bed as she grabbed my stockings. 

Pink thigh-highs to match the pink dress.

I shuddered as Mom rolled the nylon up my right leg, the cloth feeling so delicious on my skin. My brown flesh bled through, giving the nylons a delightful hue. She worked it up past my knee and smoothed it tight. The lacy band held it about my leg right where the hem of my skirt fell. She rolled on the other nylon then handed me the glittering heels I would wear.

I slipped those on.

She lastly put on my silver tiara.

Oh, mi sirenita, she said, snapping a picture. That one was totally safe to post on the internet. You're so beautiful. You're ready to be made into a woman by your daddy.

I beamed at her, my entire body shaking with my excitement.

I was so ready for this.

I strolled down the hallway to where the rest of the family waited. The moment I stepped into the dining room, everyone shouted, Happy Birthday!

I beamed at them. My daddy was there, of course. He was at the head of the table, naked and hard. He was such a handsome man with strong arms and a chest. I loved his thick mustache on his upper lip. So manly.

His sister, my Auntie Angelica, was there, too. She had all three of her childrenwho were my cousin-siblingswith her. Jose was the oldest of all, bred in Auntie Angelica's womb when she was fourteen and deflowered. Daddy had to step in because my grandfather had died before he could. Then there were my two cousins. Nina and Esmeralda. They were both pregnant. Nina was six months along with her brother's daughter while Esmeralda, who turned fourteen a few months ago, just found out she was pregnant last week.

She was also carrying her brother's child. Though Daddy had deflowered them, they wanted to be their brother's women. He had his arm around them, naked as the rest. 

Isn't she beautiful, Auntie Angelica said, her big boobs swaying? Oh, Lupita, you made something magical with my brother's seed.

I did, Mommy said, her hands resting on my shoulder. 

I quivered in delight as I moved to the table. A cake with candles burning on it was in the middle. I wished my friends could be here, but like they didn't know about my family's incestuous life, my family didn't know about the Daddy's Good Girl Club.

I kept my promises to keep things a secret.

You do look delicious, Daddy said, his hard cock thrusting out before him. I shuddered, staring at his hard cock. I was so ready to be deflowered by him. Eager for it.

Mom clapped her hands, and everyone broke out into singing Las Maanitas. It was like Happy Birthday, something sung in Mexico. My family had brought it to the States. I blushed prettily as they sang the verses, clapping their hands to it.

They reached their end. I bent over and blew out my candles.

With fourteen of them, I had to work hard to get them all out. They all fluttered and went out, smoke rising from the wicks. The smell of burning wax filled my nose. Everyone was really clapping now.

Happy birthday! Mommy said, cupping my face and kissing me on the lips.

I beamed as Auntie Angelica swooped in next to kiss me. She planted her plump lips on my mouth, her tongue swept over my lips. Then my cousin-brother stepped up. He was a strapping lad. I shuddered as he grabbed my shoulders and planted a kiss on my lips.

Once I was bred by Daddy, I would definitely have sex with him. A family had to love each other. Mom and Auntie Angelica had both enjoyed his hard cock. So had my cousins. I broke the kiss with him as my cousins swept in next.

Nina's round belly brushed mine as she kissed me. It was sexy feeling the fertile proof of her womanhood in her belly. Her lips were playful. I couldn't wait to do things with her, too. She was so delicious.

Then Esmeralda bounded up. We were close in age. Ooh, ooh, let's be pregnant together! I'm rooting for you to get knocked up tonight!

Thanks! I said and kissed my cousin-sister on the lips.

She thrust her tongue into my mouth. I quivered in delight. She was just a few weeks ahead of me If I got pregnant tonight, then I would have a swelling belly with her. We could go to our OB/GYN appointmentsAuntie Angelica took care of the familyand go to Lamaze classes and just experience the miracle of incestuous motherhood together. And if we both had daughters, they would have their birthdays close together.

That would be so amazing.

I broke the kiss and now it was Daddy's turn. He grinned at me, his big dick thrusting out before him. He was hung. I shuddered as he twitched and throbbed. I had been so eager for this for so long. This was just an amazing moment in my life.

His cock twitched before him. He throbbed with this heartbeat. I loved the sight of that cock twitching. It was amazing to view. My entire body trembled as he grinned at me. I spun around for him in my cute dress.

Do I look pretty, Daddy? I purred.

Yes, you do, he said, his eyes flicking up and down my body. Oh, you look so gorgeous. Just good enough to eat.

I blushed prettily as he cupped my face. 

Happy birthday, mi gatita. He kissed me.

I melted into his lips, his mustache tickling me. He was so manly. I loved it. I squirmed there, my pussy on fire. He thrust his tongue into my mouth and swirled around in me. He drove me wild as he did that. I loved it so much.

I groaned as she broke the kiss and stroked my cheek. Mmm, mi gatita, you are just so delicious. Just a cute little girl!

Thank you, Daddy, I purred, my pussy on fire. Without my bush, the cream leaked down my thighs. That felt so wild. I loved the way the heat soaked down my legs. My heart pounded as he stared at me. Do you want to... undress me.

Yes, I do, he said. Turn around.

I did, shivering. I pulled my black hair out of the way so he could unzip me. Mom was recording it, of course. She had such a proud smile as she immortalized this beautiful family moment. I smiled at her as Dad gently drew down the zipper.

He worked it down and down, kissing at my back as he exposed me. He must be bending over or even kneeling. He went lower and lower, his mustache tickling my skin. I love the feel of his strong lips on me. My body burned. My pussy clenched as more cream dribbled out of me.

He kissed at the small of my back before he turned me around. He was kneeling, his eyes so hungry. I shuddered as he pulled my arms out of the sleeves. My round breasts came into view, the family witnessing my tits. They were round and perky. I loved them.

He grinned at them as he drew my dress down my hips and legs. I stepped out of them as he placed my pretty outfit on the table by the untouched cake. There would be plenty of time to dig into the pink-frosted dessert later.

Daddy gripped my thighs and pushed them apart. I shuddered, shifting on my feet to open wide for him. I put my pussy on display. I could feel him looking at it. This was such a wild moment. My heart pounded in my chest as he stared right at my juicy snatch.

Mmm, I know your mother's already done this, he said, leaning forward.

Of course I have, Mommy said. I had to enjoy my only child's yummy cunt.

Daddy breathed in and groaned, his breath washing over my pussy. She does smell delicious. Spicy. I am going to enjoy this. Some cherry pie on my daughter's birthday.

He pressed his mustache into my pussy. I gasped at the feel of his mustache rubbing on my flesh. My entire body trembled at those wiry whiskers stroking my delicate folds. This was so different from Mom's soft lips.

This was just amazing.

Daddy flicked his tongue out. I gasped as he stroked through my folds and made me tremble. That felt just amazing. I quivered in delight as my sexy daddy feasted on me. His mustache rubbed on my cuntlips. I shuddered.

It's my turn to go on a mustache ride! I gasped.

That's right! my cousin-sisters squealed together, winking at me. 

So hot, groaned my cousin-brother groaned, his hand stroking his cock.

My aunt winked at me while Mom kept filming Daddy devouring my virgin cunt. His tongue stroked boldly through my folds, furrowing my labia and brushing my hymen. He felt the proof I was pure for him.

I shuddered on him, the pleasure rippling through me. I would have an excellent climax on Daddy's mouth. His mustache felt incredible. Those whiskers rubbed at my delicate bits in such a manly way. I savored it as much as his tongue licking me.

Maybe more so.

My boobs jiggled as Daddy licked me toward my orgasm. He growled, his hands grabbing my ass. He squeezed my butt-cheeks as she feasted on me. I trembled here, my eyes rolling back in my head as I enjoyed every last second of his tongue stroking through me.

He knew what he was doing to me. Daddy feasted on me with all that he had. I trembled as his tongue stroked through my folds and danced over my bud. I gasped when he did that, my boobs bouncing from the spasms racing through my body.

Daddy! I moaned. Oh, Daddy! That's so good!

Yes, it is, he growled. You taste delicious. Oh, yes, you do, mi gatita! Drown me in your pussy juices! Be a good kitten and drown your daddy!

I will be a good kitten, Daddy! I gasped, my orgasm building. I love you! 

Love you, too! he growled before he suckled hard on my clit.

My butt-cheeks clenched beneath his digging fingers. He held my ass tight as he nursed on my bud. His mustache drove me wild. I shuddered as the pressure in me swelled and swelled. I couldn't hold back any longer.

Daddy! I howled as he made me cum.

I bucked as my pussy juices gushed out and drowned him. My cousin-sisters squealed in delight while my cousin-brother grinned at me. Mom and Auntie Angelica both cheered me on as I trembled through my orgasm.

My family celebrated my first orgasm on Daddy's lips. I soaked his mustache in my pussy cream. My twat writhed, my virgin pussy aching to be filled by him. Waves of taboo rapture swept through my body. I moaned, my hair swinging down my back.

Daddy! I squealed. Daddy! Daddy! I'm your good girl! I love you!

Love you, too, mi gatita, he growled. Such a delicious kitty.

He lapped at me with such bold strength. I groaned, my face twisting in delight as he feasted on me. It was just amazing. I loved every last second of this delight. My head tossed back and forth as my orgasm peaked in me.

Time to suck her first cock! Nina cheered, her swollen belly swaying before her. 

Yes, yes, you have to suck your Daddy's cock after that, purred Mommy.

I licked my lips as Daddy rose. He stood before me, staring down at me. Are you going to suck my dick, mi gatita?

Yes, Daddy, I moaned and dropped to my knees. I was his little kitten. I'm going to make you cum so hard!

I gripped his cock by the base and rubbed my cheek against the side of his rod like I was a cute kitty. I slid up him, his dick twitching. I reached the tip, his precum smearing across my face. My lips kissed him on the crown, loving the salty flavor.

I nibbled on his tip, so ready to do such wicked things to him. I slid my lips over his cock. He groaned as I did that. A big smile spread on his lips as my mouth sealed around his shaft. I had him in my mouth. My virgin pussy clenched. The heat washed over me. It was just so hot having that delight filling me up.

I wanted to make him cum in my mouth. I ached to gulp down all his cum. I wanted to swallow every salty drop. That would be so good. I nursed on him hard. He groaned as I did that. He smiled down at me as I bobbed my head.

That's so good, mi gatita, he groaned.

I winked at him as I suckled on him. 

I loved the feel of his cock in my mouth. I had practice on popsicles, getting ready for the day when I would be old enough to do this for real. I suckled on him, my tongue dancing around him. He groaned as I did that.

Bob your head, sweetie, Auntie Angelica purred.

And make sure to use your tongue, added Mom.

And don't bite him, Nina said. Or scrape Daddy with your teeth.

Yeah, my brother-cousin said, wincing. He shot Nina a look.

I tried to remember it all as I suckled hard on Daddy's cock. He groaned as I did that. I stared up at him, loving the passion in his dark eyes. His mustache dripped with my juices. I had soaked it. His strong chest rose and fell as I pleasured him.

I worked my mouth up and down his cock. I savored every last second of doing that. It was an amazing moment to have him in my mouth. I had to give him my all. I had to love him with all my might. Mom was filming, recording this for posterity.

Mi gatita, Daddy groaned, his hand sliding through my black hair. That's it. Oh, that's such a good, little kitten!

I purred around his cock and wiggled my hips, shaking my ass as I loved him.

He grinned down at me as I bobbed my head and suckled on him. I wanted to make him cum. I just wanted to have all his jizz spurting into my mouth. That would be just so hot. I couldn't wait for him to fill my belly with his jizz.

That would be so hot.

I suckled with all my might on him. I nursed with such passion on that big dick. Daddy groaned as I loved him. He was such an amazing father. He was just the best. I was his good girl from now until forever. I would always be his.

That's it, he groaned. Mi gatita, you're going to gulp down every drop of cum I have!

You better swallow every drop, mi sirenita! Mommy added.

I loved those words. They were so hot to hear as I suckled on that big cock. He had to be getting closer. He had to have a huge orgasm. I just knew that he would. I would swallow all his salty cum. Just gulp down every drop of him.

He gripped the back of my head harder. It was so hot having him do that. I suckled on him, his precum so strong. He groaned. I knew I was close now. I would just gulp down every drop of jizz that he had. 

Mi gatita! he groaned and erupted. Yes!

Swallow it all down, Rosalita! squealed Nina.

Spurt after spurt of his hot cum flooded my mouth. I loved that salty cum splashing against the back of my throat before I swallowed it all down. It went to my belly. I loved it warming me there. This felt just so perfect. 

I swallowed down more and more of that yummy cum. I savored that hot delight. It was just perfect to have all that spunk spilling down my throat. My pussy clenched as Daddy unloaded more and more of his salty seed into my mouth,

That's it! he grunted.

You're doing great, Rosalita, Juan said, my cousin-brother flashing me a thumbs up. I bet he was thinking about me sucking his dick.

Yes, you're doing wonderful, mi sirenita, Mom purred. Just keep swallowing. Your daddy has so much cum.

So much, Auntie Angelina cooed, rubbing at her belly.

I gulped it all down. Every last drop. Esmeralda dropped to her knees beside me as I swallowed the last wonderful load of jizz. I savored that delicious taste. Daddy groaned and pulled his cock out of my mouth with a wet plop.

Esmerelda instantly kissed me. She thrust her tongue into my mouth and swirled it around in my mouth. I shuddered as she did that. It was so wild of her. She flicked around all over in my mouth. I whimpered as she did that. 

She broke the kiss and purred, She swallowed every drop, Daddy! Not a single trace of it remained. I searched!

That's my birthday girl, Daddy said, smiling at me.

He bent down and picked me up. He sat me down on the table. Auntie Angelica pulled the cake down it so I could lie down. Everyone was watching as I spread my legs wide. A hot shiver ran through me. This was it. I was so ready to be deflowered by my daddy.

He pressed his cock into my pussy lips. I was shaved bald just the way he liked it. I looked around at Auntie Angelica's, Mommy's, and my sister-cousins' pussies. They were all bare of any bush. Well, Esmeralda had a cute landing strip leading down to her hairless twat.

I glanced back at Daddy. He leaned over me, his cock pressing into my pussy harder. I shuddered as he did that. He was so ready to just ram his dick into my cunt and make me explode. Then he would flood me with his seed.

Breed me, Daddy! I squealed.

Mom, Auntie Angelica, and all my cousins cheered me on. They clapped and whistled and squealed in delight. I loved their enthusiasm as Daddy drilled his cock into my pussy. He growled as he did, my cherry stretching and stretching.

I quivered as my maidenhead slowly surrendered to Daddy's cock. I whimpered, a flare of pain rising along with this wonderful heat. Daddy grunted and thrust hard. His dick ripped right through my hymen. He popped my cherry.

Daddy! I squealed as his big dick sank into my cunt.

Mi gatita, he groaned as he sank into my deflowered depths. It was an incredible moment. Just a fantastic delight. That's it. My little kitten. I love you, Rosalita!

I love you, Daddy! I moaned as he sank to the hilt in me. I had all my daddy's cock in me, and my entire family was here to watch.

I beamed up at him, savoring that hard dick in me. It was so good. I loved it so much. I shuddered, savoring this passion. He drew back his cock. I gasped, my cunt squeezing down on him. That was such a delicious thrill.

The friction of his cock sliding out of my pussy swept heat through me. A wondrous heat. I trembled on my back as he thrust back into me. I gasped as his cock rammed to my hilt. It was so hot having him all the way in me. His nuts slapped into my taint.

Then he drew back another time. That was just amazing having all his dick in me. I groaned as she pumped away at me. He thrust in and out of my snatch. My pussy massaged Daddy's cock. I loved him the way I was born to.

Every little girl needed to be deflowered by her father. Or her brother if her daddy wasn't around.

I squeezed my cunt down on Daddy's cock. He fucked into my pussy again and again. He thrust into my snatch. It was just amazing to feel that hard shaft thrusting in and out of my twat. I melted about him. He churned me up.

This was just perfect. Just an amazing moment. I trembled, so glad my cousins were grinning at me. Mom recorded this forever and ever. I reveled in every moment of Daddy's cock hammering me. He fucked into my depths again and again. It was magical.

Daddy! Daddy! I moaned, rising and rising toward my climax.

That's it, mi gatita, he groaned. That's it. Just keep squeezing that cunt down around my dick. You're doing so well!

Thank you, Daddy! I moaned, taking his big dick in my pussy. Oh, yes, yes, that's it. That's so good! Yes, yes, that's just amazing!

He buried deep and hard into my snatch. He fucked me with all that he had. I loved it so much. It was just perfect. I savored every last thrust. I was going to burst on him. It wouldn't be long now. I just hurtled closer and closer to that moment.

I craved it. I ached for it. That was just so amazing. My pussy clamped down on him thrusting into me. He fucked me with such force. It was just a hot delight to have him burying into me like that. I was having such a great time. I would just burst with such delight. It would be just perfect. 

Daddy! I moaned.

Let me feel that pussy going wild! he growled as he fucked me so hard.

Yes, Daddy! I moaned. Ooh, I want you to breed me!

Breed our little girl, Mommy moaned. She reached out and rubbed her hand over my belly. Just flood her with all your seed, mi hermosa.

Yes, yes, yes, mi amor, Daddy growled and buried to the hilt in my pussy. Just let me feel that tight pussy going wild, mi gatita. Cum on your daddy's cock like a good, little kitten!

Yes, Daddy! I howled as he buried to the hilt in my pussy.

I burst in delight.

I shuddered as the ecstasy swept through me. It was so wonderful to have all that pleasure rushing through my body. I groaned, my cunt writhing around him. It was an amazing thrill to enjoy. I savored this delight. I enjoyed every last second of it. I would have a huge climax. A big burst of pleasure. 

Daddy grunted as he buried deep and hard into my spasming pussy. Mi gatita! 

He erupted.

Daddy flooded my cunt with all his spunk. He flooded me with so much jizz. It was just amazing to have that jizz spurting into me. I groaned, my pussy convulsing as more and more of Daddy's jizz filled my pussy. 

Oh, yes, yes, yes, I gasped. That's incredible. That's just amazing. Daddy! Daddy!

Fuck! he growled as he spurted more and more of his cum into me. My little girl's pussy is amazing!

She is my daughter, Mommy purred, her hands till rubbing on my belly as Daddy filled my womb with all his seed. Oh, yes, yes, I just know you're knocking up our little girl!

Me, too, Mommy! I moaned, shuddering on my back. The heat washed through me. It was just so amazing having all this pleasures rushing through me. I loved it. Oh, Mommy! Mommy! 

I trembled through all this pleasure. His cum spurted over and over into me, my pussy writhing about him. It was just an amazing moment to have my daddy's forbidden seed flooding my young womb. I shuddered, savoring the rapture drowning my mind.

More and more of his cum spurted into my snatch. Daddy fired so much into me. It was just amazing having all that pleasure rushing through me. I trembled in delight as I hit that peak. Daddy spurted the last of his cum into me.

He filled me to the brim with all his wonderful jizz.

That felt just incredible. I was so happy to be full of his cum. A big smile spread on my lips as my cunt rippled around Daddy's dick. He panted, the last of his jizz in me. I was full of it. This was such an amazing moment. 

Mmm, why don't you sit on my face and let me eat that cum out of your pussy while you devour your mommy, Auntie Angelica purred. And your daddy will break in your ass!

But I need that cum in me, Auntie, I whimpered.

Trust me, there's plenty of sperm in your pussy. I know. She arched an eyebrow. She was an OB/GYN, so I believed her. She sank to the floor. Now, come sit on my face, cutie. I'm the next family member who gets to eat your snatch.

And you, my cousin-brother said, grabbing Nina. I need that bred cunt on my dick.

Mmm, sure, mi hermosa, Nina purred as he sat down in a chair. She turned around to sit with her back to him and work her cunt up and down his dick.

Daddy pulled out of me. I shuddered as his cock slid out of my pussy. That felt so naughty. A wave of heat rushed through me. I clamped my cunt tightly shut to hold in Daddy's cum. Mom handed the camera off to Esmeralda. She was on filming duty now.

Mom was such a wonderful woman. Daddy was lucky to find a woman who was okay with incest and him fucking his sister and later his daughters. Mom didn't come from an incest family, but I think she regretted not fucking her father before he passed. But she would get to enjoy me.

I hopped off the table and moved to Auntie Angelica. I straddled her head and lowered myself to her mouth, Mom's shaved pussy coming into view. The sweet scent of her pussy filled my nose. It was just amazing. My mouth watered.

That's it, mi sirenita, she said, pulling my face into her pussy. Mmm, I get to be the first cunt you devour.

I'm so happy you're my first pussy, Mommy, I cooed and nuzzled my face into her thick folds. She didn't have a tight slit like me. Daddy fucked her often and hard. I love you, Mommy!

Mmm, and I love you, she cooed.

Me, too, purred Auntie Angelica as she pulled me down all the way so I sat on her lips. And I love your daddy's cum, too. Mmm, my brother has such yummy cum. Just like my son does.

Yes! Nina moaned, her voice throaty with pleasure.

I shuddered, licking at Mom's twat as Auntie Angelica licked at my pussy. She stroked her tongue through my sloppy folds as Daddy moved in behind me. I quivered in delight, moaning into Mom's pussy as my last cherry was about to be taken.

Daddy's wet cock pressed between my butt-cheeks. He nuzzled it right against my asshole. I loved that. He drilled against my backdoor, his dick soaked in my pussy juices. I whimpered into Mommy's pussy as I stretched to swallow him.

Daddy, I whimpered.

That's it, mi hermosa, Mommy cooed, bugger our little girl!

Yes! Daddy growled. Mi gatita, relax and let me in!

I tried. His cock drilled against me. My asshole wanted to hold him out, but I focused on licking Mommy while enjoying Auntie Angelica's naughty tongue. She lapped up more of the cum leaking out of me as my anal ring widened, stretching more and more until it happened.

Daddy popped into my bowels. 

His wonderful cock sank into my anal sheath. I loved it. The heat melted down to my pussy being devoured by my naughty aunt. I lapped at Mommy's pussy, enjoying this delight so much. I stroked through her folds, brushing her clit.

Mommy groaned, her big boobs jiggling. I watched them as Daddy sank deeper into my bowels. I loved his cock in me. It didn't matter what hole he penetrated. I was his good girl forever. I shuddered as he bottomed out in me, his thick bush rubbing on my ass. His balls rested on my taint.

He drew back. I squeezed down on him. I loved that amazing dick in me. It was just an outstanding treat. I squirmed on my aunt's mouth. Her tongue flicked through my folds, teasing me as Daddy rammed his cock back into my bowels.

He slammed his dick in so deep. So hard. He buried to the hilt in my bowels again and again. I loved him doing that. It was so amazing having him drilling away at my asshole. I moaned into Mommy's cunt.

That's it, mi sirenita, Mommy purred. Make Mommy cum. Ooh, yes, yes, put that tongue to good use!

Yes, mi gatita, groaned Daddy as he fucked my asshole.

He thrust away faster. Harder. I whimpered into Mommy's cunt. My tongue flicked through her folds. I stroked over her bud. She gasped as I did that. It was just so wondrous to stroke my tongue to her clit. She moaned, her hand gripping the back of my head,

Auntie Angelica thrust her tongue into my pussy. I did the same to Mommy. I stroked around in her as Auntie Angelica scooped the jizz out of my cunt. I whimpered, my asshole gripping Daddy's cock. He pumped away at me so hard.

The velvety heat built and built in me as he ass-fucked me. He grunted he slammed into me. I groaned, smearing my pussy on my aunt's naughty mouth. She licked at me with all that as she had. She thrust her tongue in deep.

Mmm, that's so yummy, she purred before burying into my cunt again.

I loved her wiggling her tongue around in me as I feasted on Mommy. My bowels clenched about Daddy's cock, my orgasm swelling faster and faster. He thrust into me faster. Harder. I shuddered on him.

Mmm, no more cum, but... Auntie Angelica found my clit. She suckled on my bud.

I gasped and did that to Mommy. She moaned, her big boobs jiggling over my head as I nursed on her. I moaned about her cute clit as Daddy ass-fucked me so hard. So fast. My pussy clenched, sparks bursting from my clit. I hurtled toward my orgasm.

My entire body quivered as my asshole gripped Daddy's cock.

He grunted with each plunge. That's it! Oh, yes, mi gatita!

Make our daughter cum from ass-fucking her, mi hermosa! Mom moaned, her clit throbbing in my mouth.

I wanted that so much. I suckled hard on her as Auntie Angelica swirled her tongue around my clit. The heat in my pussy swelled. I was about to blaze with taboo rapture. Daddy groaned, hammering my asshole, adding such sweet heat to the building inferno.

My aunt suckled so hard on my clit. Daddy buried his cock into my asshole. I moaned around my mommy's bud. This was too much for me. I squeezed my eyes shut as the heat in my pussy burst into wild flames.

I burned with ecstasy.

Daddy! I squealed. Auntie Angelica!

My pussy convulsed, juices gushing out to bathe my aunt's mouth. I groaned, my entire body quivering. My boobs jiggled as my asshole writhed around Daddy's cock. The heat burned through me, blazing across my thoughts.

Oh, yes, yes, mi sirenita! gasped Mommy. She gripped the back of my head. 

Her sweet juices gushed out of her pussy and drowned my mind. I loved that wonderful taste. I drank Mommy's cunt juices as Daddy fucked my spasming bowels. He pumped away at my anal sheath as the pleasure blazed so hot through me.

Oh, yes, yes, big brother! gasped Nina. Cum in me!

Nina! growled my cousin-brother.

He must be flooding her pregnant pussy with all his cum. That was so hot. My anal sheath writhed around Daddy's cock. He buried into my asshole. I squirmed on Auntie Angelica's lips, rubbing my cunt across her licking mouth.

Mi gatita, yes! snarled Daddy as he buried into me. Shit!

He erupted.

His hot cum spurted into my bowels. 

I loved all that jizz pumping into me. I shuddered, milking him with my asshole. Spurt after spurt of his hot spunk filled me up. I whimpered into Mommy's pussy. I licked and lapped at her with all that I had. I stroked her with my tongue, lapping up her cream.

Yes, yes, yes, Daddy! I moaned, my mind burning with rapture. Fill me up!

He grunted as he erupted one more time into my anal sheath. Hi whimpered on Auntie Angelica's pussy. Esmerelda kept filming as Mommy released her grip on my face. She stepped back, panting, her big boobs jiggling.

Happy birthday, Rosalita, she purred.

Happy birthday, groaned Daddy, hugging me from behind.

I turned my head and kissed him. I shuddered, just knowing I would be the first member of the club to be bred. I trembled, my anal sheath rippling around his cock as my orgasm peaked in me. I made out with him, just so happy.

I was proud to be his good girl. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Two Months Later...

I climbed up into Tamara's tree house. I still wasn't pregnant, but I knew I would be the first. I plopped down and grabbed one of the porno mags we had. This one was full of schoolgirls getting fucked by older men. I liked to pretend it was their daddies.

Every one of them ended with a creampie, the cuties' pussies just dripping in jizz. Daddy pumped at least one load into my fertile pussy every day. The others showed up until it was only Aubrey we were waiting on.

Anyone seduced your daddy yet? I asked.

No, Candy said, sitting in the corner. She was a quiet one.

Tamara shook her head. It'll be a while before my daddy's home.

I have no idea, Shanice said. My mom has Daddy monopolized. You, Rosalita.

I hid my smile behind the magazine. No, no, not yet.

I didn't want to make them jealous that I was getting Daddy's cock daily. Once I was pregnant, then I would break the news. I turned another page to a cutie girl in pigtails with cum spilling out of her pussy and a huge grin on her lips. She had braces. So adorable.

Aubrey's late again, said Tamara. She sat on the pink bean bag.

Yep, Aubrey announced as she climbed up into the tree house.

So we can get the meeting of the Daddy's Good Girls Club to order, said Candy, a serious look on her face. Her glasses perched on the tip of her nose as she looked at us. 

Yep, I said and closed my magazine. 

I'm ready, Shanice said, glancing at Aubrey. So, you claim to be boffing your daddy, but we want proof.

Aubrey whipped out something from her back pocket. She threw it on the floor. It clattered and came to a rest. I leaned forward. My eyes widened. Wait, she really was fucking her daddy and... That was a pink line. My jaw dropped. 

Candy picked it up and stared in awe at Aubrey.

She winked at Candy.

Oh, and I also have this! she added and whipped out her phone. She turned it around and showed a video of her cuddling up with her dad. He was naked and asleep while her thighs were apart and dripping in cum. So, there, proof. Which one of you pussies is going to step up and nail your daddy next? 

I couldn't believe it. I had been fucking my daddy for two months, and nothing. She claimed to have done it just three weeks ago. I looked down at my belly, my stomach churning. I fought against a flutter of panic.

Was there something wrong with me? 

To be continued...
