This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author.  The author may be contacted at rkhaan@ix.netcom.com (ICQ #51761475).  Copyright 1999, Robert B. Morton, II, all rights reserved.

Disclaimer

For those individual not of legal age to read this where they live, shame on you!  For those folks who may be offended by this writing, all I can say is caveat lector--you have been warned.  The following is a work of fiction and the usual statements about bearing any resemblance to people or places, living or dead, being coincidental, etc., apply here.


The Price of Silence, by Rob Morton (m/F, inc)

One

"Damn, that guy can really write," I thought, shutting down the word processing program I was using to read the latest story I'd downloaded from the Internet.  Even though I knew it was just a figment of the author's imagination, it was very realistic to me, as proved by the throbbing erection straining against the rough material of my jeans.

As the hot and juicy parts of the story continued to roam around in my head, I was also aware of my hand squeezing the outline of my cock, sending wave after wave of pleasure through me.  At 15, my hormones were already doing a number on me - and reading a very erotic story didn't help matters much.

Quickly, I stood and undid my pants, shoving my jeans and underwear down until they pooled at my ankles, freeing my dick, which bobbed under it's own weight.  I stood there for a moment, enjoying the cool air on my hot flesh, eyeing my stiff member with a purpose.

I reached down and wrapped my fingers around the thick shaft of my cock, sending yet another wave of pleasurable sensations racing through me.  Sighing, I eased back into my chair, my fingers working up and down the shaft of my cock.  The characters of the story appeared in my mind's eye, adding their enticing adventures to the flurry of illicit scenes in my mind.

I opened my eyes and gazed down at my hand, looking at my cock... a cock the guys in gym class razzed me about every chance they got.  A freakishly long shaft jutted up from the ash-blonde nest of pubic hair, topped by an even more freakishly large cock knob - hence the unkind nickname of "Horse Dick" bestowed upon me by my less-endowed classmates.

"Fuck 'em," I murmured as the wonderful feelings began to increase.  A dollop of pre-cum glistened in the afternoon sunlight and I used a finger from my free hand to collect it, sucking the salty nectar into my mouth noisily.

I was well on my way to a delightful orgasm when I was distracted by a large splash.  Oh, well, I didn't want to come right then anyway, so I got up and went to my window, which overlooked the backyard and the above-ground pool.  My cock lurched in my hand and a shiver made its way through me as I took in the sight of my sister, Janet, as she glided through the blue water... just as naked as the day she was born!

Even though our yard was protected from prying eyes by a large, twelve-foot fence, I had a ringside seat as Janet swam over to the inflatable raft and climbed aboard, rivers of water cascading off her naked body.

I began to jack myself off with a real purpose, my eyes flicking from Janet's 34-C breasts to the blonde thatch of hair between her legs.  Before this moment, I'd never seen my 18 year-old sister in anything other than bra and panties and I wasn't about to let the moment pass.

Below me, Janet shifted on the raft, her shapely legs parting and exposing more of her pussy as she toyed with her nipples, pinching and squeezing them for a few moments before letting her hand trail down to her stuff.

"Oh, wow," I breathed, watching my sister sliding her finger into her gash.  "Oh, wow!"  My hand was a blur as I jerked off to the unbelievable scene of my sister jerking off in the pool, my knees on the verge of buckling.  My nuts began to tighten as that weird feeling began to work its way through my whole body.

Even in the grip of my fist, my cock began to swell, the head all dark and purple with pre-cum oozing out.  I saw Janet begin to twitch on the raft, her legs trembling as she got herself off-it was too much for my overworked mind and body to deal with.

"Oh, shit," I cursed as the first jet of sperm shot from the knob of my cock, splattering against the curtain.  My own knees wobbled and shook as the second spurt flowed out, thick and creamy, onto my pumping hand.

"Ooh, yeah, yeah, cumming," I chanted, lost in the throes of my best orgasm to date.  As the last of my jizz bubbled out, I opened my eyes to see where Janet was-only to find she wasn't in the pool.


Two

I was a bit disappointed-but not ungrateful for the show Janet had provided me.  As I cleaned up my spermy mess, a pang of jealousy shot through me, thinking about how lucky Brad Davis, Janet's boyfriend, was.  I knew he was fucking her and, for a moment, I found myself wishing it was me instead of him.

I tossed the wad of tissue into the trash can next to my desk; I was about to pull my pants up when Janet barged into my room, one towel wrapped around her body, another fashioned as a turban on her head.

"Just what the fuck do you think you're doing?" Janet asked, her face a mask of obvious anger.

"Huh?" I replied, my pants only pulled halfway up, semi-erect prick still dangling - and dripping juice.

"I saw you looking at me, you little pervert," Janet said furiously, pointing at the window.  "I saw what you were doing, too!"

Despite still being exposed, my sister's outburst was enough to jolt me out of my initial shock.  "Yeah?  Well, I saw what you were doing, too," I countered, watching Janet's face go two shades redder.

"I'm gonna tell Mom on you," Janet threatened, waggling a fist in my direction.

"Really?  Is that before or after I tell her you were in the pool again... only naked this time?"

Janet looked as if she was on the verge of having a stroke.

"Or," I continued, taking advantage of the moment, "Is that before or after I tell her and Dad about you, Brad and Peggy fucking in their bed the other day?"

"You wouldn't dare," Janet hissed.

"Maybe I would, maybe I wouldn't.  Just the same, dear sister, it looks like we have a stand-off here," I said, taking a moment to stuff my cock back into my pants.

Janet's eyes followed the motion, her eyes going wide for a moment as she caught a glimpse of my meat before it went into hiding.  "Okay, you win," she finally said.  "What's this gonna cost me?"

"What?"  I asked, stupefied.

"What's it gonna cost me for you to keep your mouth shut about what went on in Mom's room?"

"I don't know," I said, finally catching on to what she was saying.  "The price could be a little too high for you."

"Try me," Janet said, somehow managing to keep her rage in check.

Not only was she three years older, but she was bigger and a lot stronger than she looked.  Hell, I might have the advantage now, but I knew better than to push Janet too far.

"Let's forget it, okay?" I asked.  "We both keep our mouths shut and everything is cool-deal?"

"Oh, no," Janet said, eyeing me warily.  "I'd rather pay you off than have you holding this over my head!"

"A little paranoid, aren't we?" I quipped, watching the beads of water roll off Janet's shoulders and be collected by the towel.

"What's your price, Darren?" Janet asked, her voice both annoyed and dangerous.

As I pondered her question, the vision of her lying naked on the raft and fingering herself popped into my head.  I'd heard that everyone had a price - and I think I just found mine.  Now, all I had to do was collect it without losing any teeth...

"Like I said, the price might be a little steep for you, Sis," I said, turning to face her.

"Let me be the judge of that.  Name it!"

"First, let me ask you a question," I said.

"What?"

"I didn't see what was going on in Mom's room, but did you, ah, did you..."

"Did I what?"

"Did you suck Peggy's pussy?" I blurted.

"What kind of question is that and why should I answer it?"

"You wanted to know my price, didn't you?  Well, answering the question is part of it-call it a down payment."

I had her - and Janet knew it as she blew out a breath of air.  "Yeah, I did-so what?"

"Oh, nothing," I said, trying to form the image of my sister muff-diving in my mind.  "I was just curious 'cause there was a lot of noise coming out of the room that day - and I knew it wasn't Brad."

"How do you know that?" Janet asked, eyeing me suspiciously.

"Does 'Eat her pussy, Janet' sound familiar?  Seems to me he couldn't have been eating her and talking at the same time."

"Fucking pervert," Janet said, her face turning redder more out of embarrassment than anything else.

"Whatever," I said, enjoying the moment.

"So let's cut to the chase, Darren-name the price for your silence!"

"Okay, okay.  You know, I was thinking..."


Three

"No way!  No fucking way!" Janet said, her eyes as wide as dinner plates.

"Hey, you wanted to know my price," I said, holding up my hands.  "I never said anything about money."

"I'll give you $50," Janet said, her voice trembling a little.

"No deal."

"One hundred dollars," Janet countered.  The promise of a C-note sounded good-but I had a different form of currency in mind.

"You should leave," I said nodding at the door.

"Darren, I'm not going to fuck you to keep you quiet," Janet said.

"That's my price, Jan - take it or leave it."  I was doing my best to maintain my cool on the outside while, on the inside, I was shaking like a leaf.

"No, uh-uh, not even," Janet said.  "I'd rather get in trouble with Mom and Dad."

"Have it your way," I said, turning to my desk and picking up the phone.

"Hold on," Janet said.  "Who are you calling?"

"Mom," I answered, slowly punching in our mother's work number.  "Might as well let her know what's been going on while her and Dad are at work."  I held the phone to my ear, listening to the ringing on the other end.

"You didn't call her," Janet said, trying to convince herself that I was bluffing.

"The phone's ringing," I said.  "You wanna hear it?"

"You're bluffing, Darren," Janet said, a wild, desperate look in her eyes."

"Yeah?  Well, you keep right on thinking that," I answered, enjoying the power I now held over my older sister.  "Hello?  May I speak to Mrs. Edwards?  This is her son, Darren.  Okay, thanks."

I hummed to myself as the operator put me on hold.  Out of the corner of my eye, I could see Janet struggling with herself; she didn't know whether to give in to my demands or kill me right on the spot.  Of course, I was hoping it was the former - Janet punched like a guy!

"Finance, Mrs. Edwards," came my mother's voice.

"Hi, Mom," I said into the mouthpiece, watching the color drain from my sister's face.

"Hi, baby!" my mother said, happy to hear my voice.  "Is everything okay?"

"Oh, everything's just peachy," I said, watching Janet turning around in circles.  I tried not to laugh as I spoke to our mother again.  "I just wanted to call you and tell you something."

"Tell me what, sweetie?"

"It's about Janet," I said, looking directly at my sister.  The look of defeat was written all over her face as she slowly unwrapped her towel, exposing her lovely body to me.

"What about her?  Is she okay?"

"She's fine," I said, meaning it in more ways than one.  "It's just that she did something the other day I thought you'd want to know about."

Janet's eyes widened at my words, letting her towel plop wetly to the floor.  "Darren, don't," she whispered, her voice pleading.

"What did she do?" my mother asked, a note of worry creeping into her voice.

"You remember when she was home the other day?" I asked as Janet came over to me and got onto her knees, pulling my pants and underwear down.  I heard her gasp slightly as she pulled my cock out.

"Yeah?  What about it?  Darren, what's going on?"  I didn't answer my mother right away, instead, I looked into Janet's periwinkle-blue eyes-then down at my cock.

"She did the dishes, not me," I lied as Janet's mouth slipped over the knob of my cock.

"You called me to tell me that?" my mother asked and I almost groaned in her ear as Janet sucked on my large knob.  "Put Janet on the phone!"

"Here," I said, passing the phone down.  "Mom wants to talk to you."

"Hi, Mom," Janet said, her voice wavering a little as her hand pumped my cock into full erection.  "Okay, Mom, I will."  Janet handed me back the phone and returned to, ahem, the task at hand.

"You two behave yourselves, okay?" Mom said.

"Don't worry, Mom - we will.  'Bye!"  I let the phone drop to the floor and concentrated on the delightful feelings Janet was laying on me.

"Lie down on the bed," Janet said, her voice deep and husky.

I did as she instructed, feeling the bed quiver as Janet climbed in next to me.  She knelt with her back to me, giving me an eyeful of her blonde, furry nest, sucking my cock into her mouth again.

"Oh, shit, yeah, Janet," I whispered, running my hands along her bare backside.  "Damn, that feels so fucking good!"

"Hmmph," came Janet's muffled reply as she struggled to get more of my cock into her mouth and throat, her tongue and teeth rasping along my long - but thin member.

I don't know how long I laid there, with my sister blowing me for all she was worth, before I decided to get in on the action myself.  Using my hand, I tugged on Janet's hips, trying to position her so that I could get my mouth on her.  It took a couple of seconds, but Janet finally straddled me, shoving her snatch into my face.

I flicked my tongue into her honey-coated folds, lapping up the droplets of girl-juice that had formed there; on top of me - and with her mouth full of cock-Janet moaned in approval as I continued to explore her heated flesh.

Because of the size and shape of my cock, I didn't get a lot of pussy; most girls would freak out once they saw my erection, which pretty much looked like a long stick with a big ball on top of it.  Those who didn't freak and felt up to the challenge usually never got more than an inch or two of me inside them before crying out that they couldn't take any more.  So, in most cases, I'd had to settle for either a hand or blow job... but I got to eat the pussy.  That's when those girls would find out that my tongue was just as long as my dick.  Well, not really, but it was pretty long.

And I knew how to use it, too, as I demonstrated to my sister by sliding a good inch and a half of tongue into her cunt.  I could hear Janet moan as my tongue violated her, the vibrations in her throat sending little chills through me.

Grabbing Janet's hips, I tongue-fucked the shit out of her, taking a break every few licks to suck on Janet's clit.  Above me, Janet writhed in pleasure, her hips grinding against my face in an attempt to keep my tongue in one place long enough for her to get off.

Shit, I wanted her to get off, too, wanted to taste her juices and feel them flowing over my lips and tongue.. Taking a deep breath, I made my tongue as stiff as I could and plunged it into my sister's hole as hard and as deep as I could.

"Shit!" Janet cursed, sitting up and allowing my cock to fall onto my stomach with a dull thud.  "Shit, oh, shit, oh, shit, oh, damn..."  Janet rocked her bottom on my face; it hurt like hell when her pussy started to clamp down on my tongue - but the hot flow of her juices wiped the pain out of my mind, just as her screams of pleasure were like music to my ears.

"Fuck me!  Fuck me now!" Janet pleaded, falling off of my face onto her back.  "Stuff me with that motherfucker!"

Without bothering to answer, I clambered between Janet's flailing legs, grasping my hardness with one hand and guiding the thick knob to her opening.

"C'mon, Darren!  Fuck me with that monster!  Tear me apart with it!"

I took an extra moment to smear some of her juices on the head of my dick (and to tease her clitty with it) before starting to push myself into her.  Janet's eyes flew open as the thick, bulbous head of my meat spread her wide.

"Oh, my God!  Jesus, Darren!  Take it out!  It hurts!"  Janet screamed, thrashing under me and trying to escape.

"Oh, no, Janet," I rasped back at her, capturing her legs and holding them high and wide as I speared her pussy.  I watched in fascination at the knob of my cock disappeared into my sister's snatch, followed by inch after inch of cock shaft until I felt myself bumping into her cervix.

"OH, JESUS FUCKING CHRIST!" Janet cursed, her pussy already spasming around my invading member, showering my balls with a heavy load of cream.

"He can't help you," I said, withdrawing a little and plunging back into Janet.  I wasn't going to waste time doing it slow, oh, no, I wanted to give it to Janet really good, good enough to make her forget about Brad or any other guy.  I set a blistering pace inside Janet's overstuffed box as I pounded my sister, taking great joy in making her scream over and over as she came again and again.

"Come in me," Janet said, her voice barely above a whisper.  "Please come in me!"

Hearing her pleading with me to come was enough to push me over the edge; I lost my mind as I began to pump my seed into Janet.

"Ughn!  Ah, shit..." I groan, feeling my cock heave as more and more sperm flowed into my sister's cunny, my cock jerking hard with each spurt of jizz.

"Ooh, yeah, fill me up, Darren!  Fill my pussy with your spunk!"

Hell, I had filled her to overflowing already, feeling the warm, thick liquid flowing back out of her and escaping around the thin shaft of my cock.  Shit, even as I pulled out of her, I was still coming, a few stray jets of stuff plopping onto her heaving stomach.


Four

Drained, I rolled onto my back, feeling like I deposited a year's worth of jizz into my sister's cooze.  We laid there for a couple of minutes, both of us catching our breath.  I was feeling a little guilty.  Not because I had just fucked my sister, but because I sorta blackmailed her into it.  Well, shit, she put the idea in my head in the first place, so I guess it was both of our faults.  But, damn, it was worth it!  I turned my head and found Janet looking at me, her eyes twinkling.

"Consider the price met and paid," I said, kissing her on the cheek.

"Oh, I don't think so," Janet said, rolling on top of me and grabbing my semi-erect prick.

"Say what?" I gasped as my sister literally stuffed my cock into her again, this time made easy by the mess I'd left behind.

"Now I'm gonna have to pay you to keep quiet about this," Janet said, smiling wickedly.  "And, of course, I'll have to keep buying your silence about the next time, and the time after that."

As Janet used her skills to work us both into a sexual frenzy, I laid back happily, a true believer that silence is golden.

Finis

