Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa Naked In School  Naughty Futa Bake Sale 02: Leann's Sells Futa Pies
Summary: The bake sale heats up when special creampies our sold!
Keywords: hFf Fsolo inc exhib school public creampie oral wife voy

Copyright 2019

Leann Winthrop's Week, Saturday

There you go, cutie, purred Skylar, one of the futa-janitors. Her blonde pigtails spilled down her youthful face.

I gasped as she gave my naked ass a squeeze. My futa-dick throbbed as I remembered the day before when Ji-Min and I had satiated the futa-janitors with our bodies. They'd taken my pussy's cherry while I'd sucked their cocks and took them in my cunt and asshole. In the end, Ji-Min and I were dripping with cum.

And the futa-janitors had agreed to set up the tables for the bake sale being held at my high school. It was a warm day. The sun was out. I could go around naked outside without freezing my tits and clit-dick off. It was my last day I had to go nude at school events. My time in the Program was about to come to an end.

Thanks, I said as Skylar's finger dug into my rump. She leaned down and purred, If you ever want to break the rules, you know where our office is.

She licked my ear and then stalked off.

My cheeks blushed as I whirled around and groaned at the five figures staring at me. My cheeks blazed as the two teenagers and three women smiled. My futa-dick throbbed harder, my brown hair spilling down my back and my large tits heaving before me.

Well, someone's blushing, said Priscilla. She was student council president, a blue-eyed and busty girl with strawberry-blonde hair. We were both sixteen, juniors at Rogers High. Beside her stood Mrs. Tinker, a fair-skinned woman with a big smile on her round face. She was Priscilla's mother, a sexy MILF that normally would have me drooling in delight.

Yes, she is, said my own mother. Mom had an equally mischievous grin as she stared at me, her dark-brown hair framing her mature face. She wore a sundress with a high neckline and no sleeves. So you swing both ways, huh?

I guess, I muttered.

The futa-janitors gangbanged us both, said the naked Korean girl. Like me, she was in the Program this week. Ji-Min was our treasurer and it was her idea to have the bake sale. Her small breasts quivered, dusky-olive nipples hard. She was shaved, her pussy lips gleaming with excited cream. Leann loved it, Mrs. Winthrop.

I bet she did, my mother said. She leaned over to the girl. I always like taking a hard dick myself. Leann's futa-mother has a nice one. My mom glanced at my dick.

This strange tingle raced through me. Incest wasn't illegal any longer, one of the many laws repelled in the sexual revolution. It was why Ji-Min and I were going naked. 

You really were gangbang? asked Ji-Min's equally petite mother. They stood at the same height, her mother still fair-cheeked. They both wore their silky, black hair cut short making them almost appear to be sisters, though Mrs. Song was clearly the older. 

Yep, Mom, Ji-Min said. It was incredible.

Mrs. Song shuddered and then cleared her throat, her cheeks growing as scarlet as mine. So, shall we set out the goods? The event starts soon.

Right, I said.

Students and their parents, as well as several local restaurants, had supplied various baked goods for sale. Cakes, cupcakes, cookies, pies, and more were all gathered. It was our job as members of the student council, and with the aide of our mothers, to get things ready. 

I wasn't looking forward to darting into the walk-in refrigerator to gather them. It was one of the reasons I was wearing shoes if nothing else. I side and said, Let's get to it.

That's the leadership we need from our Vice President, Priscilla said. Let your futa-cock guide us, oh wise Leann.

I rolled my eyes. How did you get elected again?

Why, I have a cute ass, she said and turned around, flipping up her skirt to reveal her lack of panties.

She did have a cute ass.

It took us nearly thirty minutes of racing in and out of the school. We were set up in the courtyard outside the cafeteria, so it wasn't a long trip to the walk-in refrigerator in the kitchen. I would dart into the frosty air, my futa-cock wilting and my nipples hardening. I'd scoop up a tray and get out as fast as I could, Priscilla and my mother giggling the entire time.

We stacked the food out on the tables with prices on them. Reina, our secretary, had volunteered to run the cash register. She was already sitting there, a smug look on her face. I can't leave the money unattended, she'd said when we started. You know, I'm responsible.

Soon, the tables the futa-janitors set out for us, as per some arcane union rule only allowing them to do it, quivered with the pastry delights. My mother's delicious strawberry-cream cupcakes with their pink frosting were up and center, with Mrs. Song setting out a tray of cookies covered in powder sugar and another with some sort of mini-pies. They looked delicious. Priscilla and Mrs. Tinker brought out their own treats. These were little lemon sponge cakes but they had no frosting on them. 

I frowned at that.

I thought we could make our own custom batter, said Priscilla. She pulled a pill out of her pocket. Got some Viagra for you, Leann, since you're the only futa who can whip it up.

Wait, you're going to sell pies with my cum on them?

True futa-creampies! she said in delight. She bumped her hip into her mother's. Right?

Yep, she purred. Priscilla's futa-girlfriend helped us test them out last week. I liked the cream she whipped up in my daughter's pussy, but Priscilla was quite taken with the cream Pearle churned in mine.

Priscilla nodded. 

I dropped my job at that. You and your daughter...?

Incest is the best, said Priscilla and she threw her arms around her mother's lips. They met in a hot, taboo kiss. 

My futa-dick when hard in a second. I squeezed the pill and then looked around at the others. Clearly, Priscilla and her mother were up for it. But where the others? Ji-Min and her mother were blushing while my mom had this wide-eyed look of shock on her face.

Priscilla broke the kiss and whirled around on me. So, you up for satisfying us all? Five delicious pussies just waiting for your cream to churn up something for the customers.

I glanced and groaned, already the people were filtering in. Students with their parents, the older women and futas grinning, clearly eager to help our school raise money. I winced as Priscilla grabbed a sign from beneath the table and set it before the pies.

I knew what it would say.

A woman arched an eyebrow. I didn't know her. Are you going to sell pies with futa-cum on them?

Fresh from our pussies, said Priscilla. Leann here is going to churn it up in our cunts. Doesn't that sound hot?

The woman shuddered, her cheeks blushing. It kinda does. And, I mean, $50 is for a good cause.

Yep, purred Priscilla. So, you up for it, futa-cutie?

My dick throbbed. How could I say no?

Mrs. Tinker grinned and pulled off the tight top she wore. Her naked breasts spilled out. Her tits were as big as her daughter's, spilling out into a pair of jiggling mounds. Her pink nipples thrust out hard. She unzipped her jeans and kicked off her sandals. She shoved down her pants down, revealing a shaved pussy, her red hair swaying.

Priscilla unzipped her skirt at the same time. She dropped the cloth down her lush legs, revealing a pussy as denuded of hair like her mother's. The wild student council president then peeled off her baby doll t-shirt, those large and lush tits spilling out. They were bigger than my own big boobs.

Mom! gasped Ji-Min.

Mrs. Song had pulled off her blouse, her small breasts cupped in a soft-gray bra. Her cheeks burned bright as she said, It's for your school event, Ji-Min.

The naked sophomore shook her head, her small tits jiggling. The Korean girl stared at her mother, eyes flicking up and down her body. Mrs. Song's tits came into view, firm and small. Her hips had more curve than her daughter's, and her bush was thick and black. I groaned as the Korean MILF pushed off her jeans and panties in a single go.

I guess I'm up for it, too, my mom said.

My jaw dropped as my mother unzipped the back of her sundress. She shrugged out of it, her round breasts constrained in a white bra. She wiggled out of her dress, her panties matching snow. I shuddered about to see my mom naked for the first time. I couldn't believe this. Would she let me fuck her?

It was incest.

She unhooked her bra, her breasts spilling out round and swaying. Her nipples were hard, thrusting pink from them. I grabbed my own nubs, twisting them as my mom wiggled out of her panties, her trimmed, brown bush coming into view. Dew dotted her curls.

My mom's pussy was wet.

Fuck me, I muttered.

I'll go first, Ji-Min said, glancing at her mother. Okay, Mom?

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ji-Min

I trembled as I moved to this divan that Priscilla and her mother were setting it down. Their heavy tits heaved as they brought it from their little hiding place around the corner of the gym. They set it behind the table beneath the awning, a long, padded bench for us to have sex on it. I had curving arms so you could lean on it like a couch, but it had no back. It was like something Cleopatra would recline on.

I grabbed my mom's hand. She gasped as I led her to it. I couldn't believe this was happening, but... but... I was just so turned on. Incest! My body was on fire. If my futa-mother found out... I shuddered, glad she wasn't coming.

She had work to do.

You sure, Mom? I whispered. What about Futa-Mom?

What about her? she asked, a smile on her lips. You've been having fun in the Program. I want to, too. Things are changing.

Shuddering, a darted in and kissed her on the lips. I'd learned I liked girls, too, this last week. Not as much as futas, but they were nice. I shuddered as I kissed my mother, this incestuous rush surging through my body.

She whimpered against me then panted when I broke the kiss. I whirled around and shook my head. This was crazy, but I was ready to go wild. The customers were watching us, a few others gathering, reading the sign.

I pushed Mom down on the divan. She reclined on it, her firm breasts jiggling. Then I turned around and sat between her spread thighs. I leaned back into her, her tits rubbing into my back. I felt her bush tickling my rump. I glanced at Leann.

Well? I purred. I'm ready.

Leann grinned, her hand stroking her futa-dick. Her large tits jiggling. The brunette sauntered to us, her hips swaying. Her hazel eyes shone with delight. Behind her, Priscilla, Mrs. Tinker, and Mrs. Winthrop watched, the latter rubbing her pussy.

She was getting wet watching her futa-daughter approach us.

Leann flicked her eyes up and down me. Damn, you looked soaked, Ji-Min.

I am, I said. Ooh, Mom, you have to feel it.

My mom hugged me. Her right hand slid down my stomach. I shuddered as she brushed my landing strip of black hair. She followed it down to my shaved folds. I gasped at the incestuous contact of her fingers caressing my twat. I whimpered in delight.

She's soaked, my mom moaned. She shuddered and reached out her other hand, grabbing Leann's cock. She needs this in her. Fuck my daughter.

Damn, groaned Leann as she settled on the divan between my open thighs. 

My mom brought the futa's cock lower and lower, guiding it to my pussy. This was so hot. I squirmed in my mother's embrace. I whimpered and then gasped as Leann's girl-dick pressed into my pussy folds.

My mom slid Leann up and down my slit. The spongy tip brushed my clit. Pleasure sparked through me. Then Leann found the entrance to my cunt. I gasped as she thrust into me. Her cock filled me and pressed me back into my mother's embrace.

My thighs went around the futa. She was a year older than me, her large tits swaying above my head. I groaned, my cunt clenching down on her girl-dick. I wiggled my hips, my rump rubbing into my mother's bush.

Oh, yes, yes, fuck my daughter. Mom's hands slid up and cupped my tits. She massaged them, her touch so naughty. Pound her hard.

I will, groaned Leann, drawing back her dick. Goddess damn, but she's massaging your tits, Ji-Min.

Incest is hot! Priscilla called. Told you.

I shuddered as my mother's fingers pinched my nipples. She rolled them between her thumb and forefinger. Rapture shot down my nipples to my pussy. I clenched down on the futa's dick. The pleasure surged through me. I gasped and squirmed, wiggling into her embrace.

Leann fucked me hard. Her huge tits heaved over me. I grabbed those pillowy mounds, squeezing and kneading them. My fingers dug into them. I loved the delight of her girl-dick plundering my cunt while my mother caressed my nipples.

My orgasm built fast. How could it not with the growing crowd of watchers. I whimpered, squirming in my mother's embrace. She nibbled on my ear, sending tingles through me. My pussy clenched and relaxed, Leann's cock driving so hard and fast into my juicy depths.

Go Leann! cheered Candice, a futa in the year beneath mine. That's hot.

Mmm, it is, said the redheaded girl standing with the futa. I think they were dating. I love it, Candice. Makes me wish we helped in the bake drive.

Wish I could afford one of her creampies for you, Ginny.

I shuddered, my body trembling. The pleasure raced through me. Comments echoed through the air as my orgasm built so fast. My pussy drank in the hard plunges. My body trembled. Over and over, Leann's futa-cock rammed into me while my mother nibbled on my ear. She teased me while my cunt drank in the feel of Leann's dick.

I craned my head to the right, my fingers digging into Leann's breasts. My lips brushed my mother's cheek and then we were kissing. I shuddered, my tongue dueling with the woman who'd birthed me. The rush of forbidden delight surged through me.

I exploded on Leann's cock.

Shit! the futa groaned as she drove her cock into my writhing pussy.

I squealed into my mother's lips. I bucked in her embrace, my twat convulsing around that thick clit-dick. Pleasure surged through me. Waves of delight that washed through my body and inundated my mind.

I drowned in bliss.

Damn, Ji-Min! Leann gasped.

Did she cum? someone called out from the crowd.

Big time, Stacie! Leann groaned. She's going wild on my girl-dick! I'm going to flood her.

Yes, I want my creampie! the customer groaned.

I quivered through my orgasm. My body bucked as my pussy massaged Leann's girl-cock. I whimpered into my mother's mouth. Her tongue drove into my mouth as the pleasure rippled through me. She pinched my nipples as I melted into rapture.

Leann gasped.

Exploded.

Her cum flooded my pussy. I shuddered as spurt after spurt of hot cum pumped into my twat. It flooded me. This wild juicy heat surging through me. This amazing pleasure that had me groaning. My head tossed back and forth. I groaned and panted, squirming in my mother's embrace. I savored every moment that I was getting fucked hard.

Damn, Ji-Min moaned.

It was the best. Incredible bliss.

My eyes squeezed shut. My pussy convulsed around Leann's cock, milking out her cum. That wonderful treat filled me. Leann panted. Her cock throbbed inside of me, drained of all her cum. I turned my head and kissed my mom again.

Here we are, Priscilla said.

I gasped as Leann ripped her cock out. I opened my eyes and broke the kiss with my mom to peer at the lemon mini-cake held between my thighs. The jizz flowed out of me, mixed with my cream. I spilled over it, coating it like a naughty frosting. Priscilla spread it across the spongy cake with a knife.

Oh, my goddess, I panted.

I have to buy one, another woman groaned. 

Mmm, my turn, my mother said. You need to scoot out of the way, aegi.

I shuddered. My mother hadn't called me aegi, baby, in a while. I smiled, loving her pet name for me. I stood up and grinned at Leann. You take care of my mom.

I will, she said, shaking her head. She glanced down at her dick soaked in my cream. This is a little surreal. I was just in you.

And now you get to be in me, moaned my mother. She slid down on the divan until she was fully reclined. She licked her lips, both her legs hanging off the sides, her black bush soaked with her excitement.

Priscilla appeared and shoved a pillow under my mom's ass. There you are, Mrs. Song.

Thank you, my mom said.

Have you ever eaten pussy before, Mom? I asked, staring at her lips.

She shook her head.

I shuddered then, feeling wild, asked, Would you like to?

Her eyes flicked to my shaved pussy. She nodded.

I darted forward and sat on my mother's face. I pressed my pussy down on her lips. I groaned as the wicked rush that shot through me. This was so naughty. This was beyond what we'd just done. I pressed my cunt onto her mouth.

I experience lesbian incest from my mother. I groaned as her tongue darted through my folds, caressing me. My back arched. Leann grinned, her hazel eyes burning with lust. She sank back onto the divan, her heavy tits swaying.

I grabbed her futa-dick and guided her to my mother's married pussy. I was helping Mom cheat on Futa-Mom. I shuddered, my body brimming with lust. It surged through me. Her tongue darted through my folds.

I couldn't believe how wicked this was. 

Fuck my mom hard! I hissed.

Yes! groaned Leann. Her futa-dick throbbed in my hand, coated in my cream. The juices my mom licked out would soon mix inside her pussy with her own cream.

I trembled, knowing the Program had forever changed my relationship with my mother. I squirmed my hips, grinding my twat on her hungry mouth. I pressed Leann's cock into my mother's pussy. I trembled, my heart screaming in my chest.

Leann thrust.

Damn, that's nice, groaned Leann. Never fucked a MILF before.

Enjoy her, I said and threw my arms around Leann's neck.

I kissed the futa fucking my mother. My pussy clenched around Mom's probing tongue while I thrust my own into Leann's lips. Our tongues dueled as Leann thrust ahead. She fucked my mother. Her heavy tits brushed my small boobs as we kissed.

That is so hot, groaned a familiar voice. Adile, the lesbian who taught me how to eat cunt, was watching. I saw her out of the corner of my eye. Tell me that's your mother, Ji-Min.

Oh, it is, said Priscilla. And if you stick around, you'll get to see Leann fuck Mrs. Winthrop here.

I heard a gasp and groaned as Priscilla groped Mrs. Winthrop's naked tits.

Damn, said Lizaveta futa. She snapped a pic with her camera. She'd followed me around all week immortalizing me for the school's website.

I shuddered, my body trembling. My pussy clenched, drinking in the feel of my mother's tongue lapping through my folds. I whimpered into my kiss with Leann. She moaned, clearly enjoying my mother's pussy.

I broke the kiss and stared down past her heaving boobs to witness her girl-dick plunging into my mother's cunt. This wave of heat washed out of me. I gasped and squirmed on my mother's tongue. She fluttered it through my folds, teasing me.

Yes, yes, fuck my mom! I gasped.

Fuck her mom! a futa cheered.

I am, Leann groaned. Damn, your mom feels great on my dick.

Mmm, you feel great in my pussy, my mom groaned, her Korean accent growing stronger. And, aegi, you taste delicious. I like eating cunt.

Oh, Mom, yes! I moaned, grinding on her. We'll do it! We'll eat each other out!

Hot! Adile moaned. I need to come over to your house and give you both some pointers on pussy licking!

Uh-huh! I moaned.

That's going to make me explode, groaned Leann, her hips thrusting hard. She plundered my mother's cunt, making her squeal into my pussy.

Do it! I gasped. Cum in my mother's married pussy!

I will! she gasped.

I kissed her. I seized Leann's shoulders and thrust my tongue into her mouth. She groaned, melting into my lips. I shuddered, my mother's tongue whipping through my folds. She ate me, driving me towards that incestuous orgasm.

I would cum so hard on her mouth I would explode. It would be incredible. I squirmed, working my hips from side to side. That amazing pleasure shot through me. This wonderful delight that had me shuddering and shaking. It was the best. A wicked and wanton treat to enjoy. I kissed her with hunger.

She thrust into my mother, making her moan. Oh, aegi, your futa-friend is driving her cock hard into me.

I broke the kiss, shuddering. Cum in her. We have another creampie to sale.

Yes, yes! gasped Leann. Oh, this is amazing. Just the best. I love it! Mrs. Song! Your pussy! Your married pussy feels incredible.

I shuddered at that. It was so naughty. My mother was loving it. She wiggled her hips as she feasted on my pussy. She stirred her cunt around Leann's futa-dick. The pleasure built so fast in me. This heat that swelled and swelled.

Cum in that hot MILF, Leann! cheered Flower Ilbert.

Oh, I will! Leann moaned, driving hard.

Damn, I wish I was on the student council, said Teal, a freshman that spent all week trying to get me to fuck her.

It's the best! I gasped. Oh, Leann, fuck my mom. Cum in her!

Yes, whimpered the customer.

Leann's big tits heaved before her. They bounced and jiggled as she fucked my mother hard. My mom moaned into my twat. Her hands grabbed my thighs. Her fingernails bit into my flesh. She whimpered into my pussy.

Then she bucked. Her moans grew so passionate. Leann's eyes widened as she thrust forward hard. I gasped in realization: my married mother was cumming on Leann's futa-dick. A hot tremble raced out of me.

Yes, yes, yes! Mom groaned. Leann, you wonderful futa! Yes!

She's writhing around me, Ji-Min! Leann groaned. I'm going to flood her with my cream.

Do it! I whimpered, my own orgasm building and building in me. This hot tide surged through my body.

Mom latched onto my clit.

I exploded.

Incestuous pleasure rushed through my body. I groaned, my hair swaying about my shoulders. I whimpered and gasped, reveling in this pleasure surging through me. I trembled, my small breasts jiggled before me as the waves of bliss surged over my mind.

Stars exploded before my vision as my mother lapped up the flood of cream gushing out of me. I spasmed on her while Leann groaned. She grabbed my hips and thrust hard into my mother. The futa's flushed expression burst with passion.

Yes, yes! Leann gasped. Take my cum, Mrs. Song! 

Oh, goddess, flood my mother's pussy! I howled, my mother lapping at the cunt cream gushing out of me. That's so hot. Ooh, I love it!

Me, too! groaned Leann. 

She's firing so much into me, aegi! my mother moaned.

I trembled atop her, grinding my shaved snatch on her. The pleasure rippled through me over and over. Priscilla leaned in, holding the lemon mini-cake, ready to gather the mix of pussy cream and futa-cum out of my mother's twat.

This is so hot, Priscilla moaned. The bake goods are flying off the tables. We're making so much money.

Good, I moaned, so glad my plan was a success. My orgasm hit that wonderful peak. I floated there, my mother nibbling on my pussy lips.

Fuck, that's it, panted Leann. She's full of jizz, Priscilla.

Perfect, I moaned.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Leann Winthrop

I shuddered as my cum dribbled out of Priscilla's pussy. The third creampie was sold to Miss Adair who taught my History class. She had a naughty grin on her face as she watched, her eyes flicking up and down my curvy body with interest in her eyes.

Shame it was against the rules for us to fuck unless we were dating.

Mmm, that's it, my mother said, spreading my jizz across the cake in a frothy collection.
I couldn't believe my mother was naked. She stood up, her round breasts jiggling. Juices coated her dark-brown bush. She sauntered to the table, handing over the cum-topped cake to Miss Adair. She had a huge grin on her face.

I'm going to enjoy this, Leann, she purred. See you on Monday.

Yes, Miss Adair, I panted.

Ooh, I have enough money for one, said Denice Jennings. The homecumming queen had her sex slave, her defeated rival, with her. I'm going to make Umeko eat every drop, right.

Umeko was naked, her large tits swaying. The Japanese girl had a collar about her throat, pink and connected to a matching leash Denice held. Both of Umeko's nipples were pierced with charms that dangled with gold hearts. 

Those were new. I wonder when Denice pierced her slave.

Mmm, you can make it my pussy, Mrs. Tinker said. She sank down on her hands and knees on the divan, her ass pointed right at me. She had a shaved pussy like her daughter, her thick pussy lips dripping with her cream. It was so hot watching you fuck my Priscilla.

So hot, Priscilla said. The student council president turned on the divan so she sat on the edge, her legs spread wide, her pussy right before her mother's face.

Mrs. Tinker didn't hesitate to bury her face into her daughter's snatch and lick.

I groaned and fell to my knees behind the MILF. Out of the corner of my eyes, my mother slid her hands down to her pussy. She stared at me with hungry eyes as I slammed my cock home in Mrs. Tinker's juicy twat.

Yes, groaned the MILF into her daughter's twat while my mother whimpered, her fingers plundering her pussy.

I fucked Mrs. Tinker hard and as she feasted on her daughter. Priscilla whimpered and groaned, shuddering on the divan. Her large tits jiggled. She squeezed them as I fucked her mother. The student council president smiled at me while she enjoyed her mother's tongue.

Mmm, just ram that big dick hard into her, Priscilla moaned. Stir my mom up. Make such a huge creampie in her.

Yes, honey, whimpered my mother as she masturbated, thrusting her fingers into her twat. Ooh, just make her explode on that dick. 

I shook my head in shock, bemused that this was happening. 

I thrust hard into Mrs. Tinker's pussy. I plowed her cunt, savoring her silky twat around my futa-dick. That pill she gave me did wonders. I had such stamina. I felt like I could fuck all day. I plowed my girl-dick over and over into her juicy snatch.

The MILF moaned into her daughter's twat, feasting on her. Priscilla's tits swayed and heaved. They jiggled before her. I shook my head, this heady rush shooting through me. It was incredible. A delight to enjoy.

Yes, yes, fuck my mother hard! whimpered Priscilla.

You go, Leann! cheered Stacie.

You're so lucky, groaned Teal, the desperate futa who always tried to get her girl-dick wet.

Damn, I'm glad I came here, someone else groaned.

The A/V club is going to put out one hot porno with my footage, said Lizaveta. Ooh, mother/daughter incest at the bake sale.

Yes, whimpered my mother, her fingers plundering her pussy. It sounds incredible.

I shuddered at the sounds she made. This wanton and wicked pleasure. Her round breasts jiggled out of the corner of my eyes as she masturbated to me fucking Mrs. Tinker. Her eyes made me thrust harder, my large tits heaving before me.

Flesh slapped flesh as I showed my mother how good I was at sex. My futa-dick buried over and over into Mrs. Tinker's cunt. She moaned into her daughter's cunt, loving my cock. The ache swelled and swelled at the tip of my dick.

I came closer and closer to exploding.

My breasts heaved. They bounced before me. My cunt clenched. The juices dribbled down my thighs. The heat built and built in my pussy's depths. I groaned, thrusting hard and fast into my mother's juicy twat.

Oh, yes, yes! I groaned. Oh, damn, that's good. Mmm, just keep squeezing that cunt around my dick. I'm going to explode so deep into your depths. I'm going to cum hard.

Oh, fuck yes! panted Priscilla. I want you flooding my mother's cunt. Make that yummy creampie in her.

Uh-huh, I groaned, feeling everyone watching me.

My mother watching me.

Leann, make her feel amazing, panted my mother.

I nodded, thrusting hard and fast. I slid my hands down Mrs. Tinker's side, my crotch smacking into her rump. My fingers slid across her belly, reaching for her clit. My large boobs heaved. This wicked passion surged through me.

My cunt clenched and relaxed. My futa-dick throbbed in Mrs. Tinker's embrace. I was so close to my eruption. My fingers slid across her shaved pubic mound until I found the wet folds of her pussy. 

Then I brushed her clit.

Oh, my goddess, yes! the MILF moaned as I massaged her bud.

Ooh, she loved that, Priscilla gasped. Her head threw back. Her tits heaved in her squeezing hands. Yes, yes, Mom! Drink my juices.

The student council president came on her mother's lips. Priscilla fell back onto her elbows, quivering on the divan. Her thighs clutched tight about her mother's face, pinning the MILF in place. Mrs. Tinker moaned, her pussy squeezing around my cock, her juices staining my fingers.

She whimpered and then she exploded.

I gasped as her pussy spasmed around my girl-dick. Her hot flesh writhed and massaged me. This amazing heat surged through me. I shuddered, my tits heaving. This powerful pleasure burned through me. My eyes fluttered. The heat gathered at the tip of my cock. That amazing pressure that would have me gasping and groaning.

That would have me exploding in her cunt.

Fuck, yes! I howled and came.

My futa-cum fired out of my dick. It flooded the MILF's cunt as she feasted on her daughter's twat. The pleasure surged through me. I trembled. My mother whimpered. Her tits heaved in the corner of my eyes.

She joined me in rapture.

Leann! she groaned. Flood her!

I am, Mom! I howled. 

Yes, yes, she is, Nicole, Mrs. Tinker moaned, using my mother's first name. Oh, your futa-daughter is filling me with so much cum. It's incredible.

It was. I shuddered, my futa-dick spurting again and again. A great cheer roared from the crowd, drowning out my mother's moans of passion. I felt dizzy as I fired my salty cum into Mrs. Tinker's spasming twat. One last blast erupted from me.

She drained me dry.

Panting, I ripped my cock out of Mrs. Tinker's cunt, panting as Ji-Min swept up to collect the cum leaking out of the MILF. Priscilla had a look of abject bliss on her flushed face, strands of her strawberry-blonde hair sticking to her cheeks. 

Someone bought the really expensive creampie, purred Ji-Min. The one you make with your mother. A $100.

My eyes bulged. I glanced over at my mother. She pulled her fingers out of her twat and sauntered to me. There's this look of wild hunger in her eyes. I swallowed. I'd never seen the like. My pussy clenched as she reached me. She placed her left hand on my shoulder, pushing me back to the divan. It hit the back of my knees. 

I fell down on it, my futa-cock bouncing before me. It smacked my belly while my tits heaved. My mother pressed me back and straddled me. I shuddered, this lust blazing in her eyes. Incestuous passion burned in her eyes. 

What about Futa-Mom? I whispered.

You're Futa-Mom and I have our fun on the side, she purred. And together. I hear you like fucking futas, I'm sure your Futa-Mom would enjoy you, too.

I groaned and then gasped as she brought her fingers coated in her pussy juices to my mouth. I sucked on them, tasting my mother's tangy passion for the first time. I groaned as I nursed on her digits. My futa-dick twitched as I savored the incestuous treat.

Her other hand grabbed my futa-dick as I cleaned her digits. She guided me to her pussy, her round breasts nudging mine. I groaned at the wet contact of her pussy on my dick then groaned as she impaled herself down my cock.

I whimpered around her digits as more and more of my mother's pussy engulfed my dick. This was the hole that birthed me. I shuddered at the silky passion engulfing my dick. The heady rush of heat rippled through me. 

I whimpered, suckling hard. Her pussy squeezed around my dick. It felt incredible. This wild passion that gripped me. I groaned, sucking on her digits, cleaning off her cream as her incestuous twat slid up and down my dick.

Ooh, my sexy futa-daughter as grown up, she moaned, working her pussy up and down my dick. You're just as big as your futa-mother! Delight burned in her eyes. Ooh, yes, yes, you feel amazing in me.

I whimpered.

You like it, huh? she cooed. My pussy working up and down your girl-dick?

I whimpered and nodded. This amazing pleasure surged around my cock. This hot bliss that gripped me. I couldn't believe how amazing it felt. My eyes fluttered. The heat rushed through me as she worked her cunt up and down my dick.

I throbbed and ached in her. That wonderful snatch squeezed me. Massaged me. I groaned, sucking and nursing on her fingers as she rode my dick. She teased me, her hips wiggling from side to side. She gave me such a wicked delight. I groaned, this rapture burning through me. Her twat felt so hot. So delicious.

Mmm, I love having you back in me, she moaned. Her breasts grazed mine, our nipples brushing. Pleasure throbbed through me. She fucked her fingers in and out of my mouth. Ooh, yes, yes, you came from here.

I whimpered about her fingers. She pulled them out of my mouth. I gasped, Mom!

She grinned. Tell me how much you love my pussy.

So much, Mom! I gasped as she worked her cunt up and down my dick, gripping me. You're so hot. Shit! This is amazing!

Yeah, it is! whooped Stacie. Damn, Leann, look at you go. Your mom is riding you hard! Isn't she, honey?

Oh, yes, she is, purred Coach Castellano, Stacie's girlfriend. Ride her hard, Mrs. Winthrop.

I am, my mom moaned. Oh, yes, yes, my futa-daughter has an amazing cock.

Priscilla grinned at me from where she lounged beside me. She winked at me.

I winked back.

Mom rode me hard and fast. She worked that amazing pussy up and down my girl-dick. My pleasure swelled faster and faster. Her pussy was so hot and juicy. The customers waited for their incestuous creampie. The mix of my mother and me. I shuddered, my dick throbbing in her depths.

The pleasure surged through me, a wanton and wicked delight. A heat that built and built. It was incredible. A heady rush surged through my body. I groaned, my heart hammering in my chest. Mom leaned in, pressing our tits together, her nipples rubbing past mine.

I stared into her dark eyes, loving the passion I saw in them. Mom!

Yes, yes, you're making me feel amazing. Ooh, I'm going to cum on my futa-daughter's dick!

A cheer rose from the crowd.

Make Mommy cum. She squeezed her pussy down around my girl-cock.

Yes! I groaned, the pleasure surging through me. I felt dizzy from it. The bliss was intense. An amazing delight. I shuddered as the pressure built and built. My back arched as she rode me. This wanton heat rippled through my body. Oh, my goddess, yes, yes! Cum on my dick, Mom!

She slammed down my shaft and kissed me hard.

Her pussy convulsed around me. Her incestuous flesh spasmed and convulsed. I groaned, savoring the feel of her writhing around me. My futa-dick throbbed in her depths. I came closer and closer to erupting. To spilling my futa-jizz in her.

My tongue dueled with my mother's. I groaned into the kiss as her twat rippled around me. It was incredible. This amazing heat built at the tip of my girl-dick. I groaned, my heart screaming inside my chest. I shuddered, the pleasure of building the ache in my ovaries.

Oh, my goddess, yes! I gasped as my futa-cum fired out of me, breaking the kiss.

I bucked on the divan. I groaned, my hands grabbing her rump as the cum boiled into her pussy. I filled my mother's twat with my incestuous seed. The rapturous heat surged through my body, washing out of my spasming cunt.

Yes, yes, yes! she moaned. Ooh, we're making such a naughty creampie!

I'm going to love it! moaned the customer.

Yes! I gasped, my head dizzy as the pleasure fired through my body.

Her pussy milked my cock. She writhed around me, drowning out all the futa-seed. Stars danced before my eyes. I bucked on the bed, grunting and groaning. The rapture surged around me. It carried me to such heights.

I hovered there while my mother kissed me again. She thrust her tongue into my mouth, dueling with mine. She gave me such bliss. I shuddered as I came down from my high. My mind reeled at what I'd just down.

I just had sex with my mother, and it was incredible.

Mmm, let's collect that creampie, purred Priscilla lounging beside me. Goddess, that was hot.

Uh-huh, moaned the customer.

You're going to enjoy it, said Ji-Min. Okay, Mrs. Winthrop, climb off your sexy futa-daughter and let's prepare the cake.

I groaned as my mother slid off. I stared into her eyes as my futa-cum dribbled out of her cunt and onto the spongy, yellow cake. She winked at me, and I knew this wouldn't be the last time I had sex with my mother.

Damn, this bake sale was such a success.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ji-Min Song

Here you are, I said, handing the cake to the woman. Enjoy.

Oh, I will, she said, staring with hunger at the incestuous cream.

So, how much for me to make a creampie in you? a futa asked. She had red hair, and a mature, beautiful face. Her breasts swayed in her tank top. 

$150 to fuck my daughter and buy the cake, my mother said, putting her arm around my shoulder. I gasped in shock.

And for you? the futa asked, glancing at my mother. 

I'm married, so $200 for me.

My shock only swelled. My mother had cheated on my futa-mother once with Leann, and now was selling her body? This was more surprising than that she would prostitute me. The futa grinned and pulled out her wallet. 

Deal.

To be continued...