Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa Harem vs the Demon Lord Chapter Twenty: Futa Surprise! Dark Elf's Wicked Passion
Summary: The futas leave on a mission, but a naughty dark elf assassin stalks them!
Keywords: Hhh Hh anal oral bond D/s inter fantasy magic gamelit viol

Copywrite 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Virginia Homewood

“How dangerous,” I asked, the orgy raging around us. Lada and I were standing over Kali. All of us were dripping in cum.

“We have to get by the enemy forces,” Kali said. The elf's large boobs rose and fell. Her ears twitched as they thrust out of her violet hair. “The woods stopped being safe. The Demon Lord's agents have infiltrated it.”

“Yeah, Akane has those bloodiron weapons,” said Lada. “They are making her a little crazy. A violent sociopath or something. She wanted to more than just capture Saffron when she made her distraction. She was more than wanting to kill her. She wanted to hurt her.”

“Bloodiron weapons are blessed by the Goddess Raatak,” Kali gasped.

“I've heard,” I muttered. The Goddess of Murder. “Well, it's clear that Ella's forces aren't on the good side. They might think she's trying to save the world and that I'm the Dark One, but they're being used.”

Lada nodded, her big boobs jiggling. “So, you said there are weapons.”

“There is an old elven garrison that is in these woods,” said Kali. “Once it is dark, I can lead a small force to get them. There are weapons made of bronzewood. They are blessed by Ivara, the Goddess of the Sun and Knowledge. Each one was left in a shaft of sunlight for ten years to cure. They are priceless.”

“Perfect,” Lada said. “Me, you, Ocean, and Ejiro should be enough to grab weapons for the entire squad.”

“What?” I gasped. “Why not take me with you.”

They both gave me horrified looks.

“I'm supposed to save the world,” I said, folding my arms beneath my round breasts. “I can't do that if I am kept behind.”

“You haven't bathed in the Spring of Maidenly Oozes, been anointed in the futa-cum of the unicorn, nor have you satisfied the Angelic Choir to gain the Golden Power. Until then...” Kali shivered. “It's our job to protect you. Let us do our job.”

“At least take someone that can help you,” I said.

“Brígida for her magic and Aria for her priestly powers,” Lada said.

I winced. “Fine, fine. Just... I don't want to lose any of you. You're all so special to me.”

“We're not going to lose anyone,” Lada said. “It'll be a few hours before it's dark. There's an orgy. Relax.”

“That's easier said than done,” I said.

“Then let us make it easy for you,” Lada said, kneeling on the ground. “I'll suck your cock and Kali will lick your pussy.”

“Oh, yes, it would be my horn to lick your pussy, Lady Virginia,” the elf moaned. “You know that. Whenever you have need of me, you must just ask, and I will be there.”

“I know,” I said, looking around at the orgy. “Fine, fine. I am getting horny again.”

“And there's cum in her pussy,” purred Lada. “Lucky you, Kali.”

“I am so lucky, Lady Lada,” the elf said. She ducked her head beneath my girl-cock. Her long ears and silky hair brushed my inner thighs. She nuzzled up into my blonde bush and kissed right at my pussy. 

A shiver ran through me. I groaned as she licked at me. Her tongue danced through my folds. It was such a thrill to have her licking me. Her tongue danced through my folds. A hot shiver ran through my body. I groaned at the naughty licks and laps at my snatch. A shiver ran through me. 

Lada opened her mouth wide and sucked the tip of my girl-dick into my mouth. My cock throbbed. I groaned as she suckled at my dick. She nursed at me. My pussy clenched, forcing out the cum in my depths to spill over Kali's cunt.

The elf purred her delight. She licked at me. She sent delight rising to my ovaries and the tip of my dick. The ache formed there, my cock throbbing in Lada's mouth. Her tongue danced around my cock. I shuddered, loving the feel of her.

This wicked heat shot through me. I groaned, my pussy clenching. The heat swelled in me as the naughty Lada bobbed her head. She suckled with passion, nursing on my cock with everything that she had in her. 

“Yes, yes, yes,” I groaned. “Ooh, that's good. That's so good.”

Lada moaned around my clit-dick.

“Your pussy full of cum is a wondrous delight, Lady Virginia,” groaned Kali. “Just a treat.”

“I'm glad you're enjoying it,” I panted, my cock throbbing in Lada's mouth. “Real glad.”

Kali purred and licked at my cunt. The elf fluttered her tongue through my folds, licking up the cum leaking out of me. The delight radiated through me. I groaned, my round boobs jiggling. The pressure swelled in my ovaries.

And at the tip of my cock. The cheerleader suckled hard on me. She nursed with passion. It was outstanding to feel. She bobbed her head. She nursed on my futa-dick with passion. It was fabulous to have her sucking so hard. 

“Lada,” I moaned. “Kali!” 

My moans merged with the others having their fun in the orgy. My heart pounded in my chest. This was wonderful. A real thrill to have them double-teaming me. Kali thrust her tongue into my cunt. She swirled around, scooping out the cum.

“Yes,” I moaned as she gave me such delight.

Lada bobbed her head, working her lips up and down my dick. I shuddered as she nursed on my cock with passion. She suckled without restraint, building and building me to my orgasm. I would have such a huge one. It would be magnificent.

I groaned, my cunt clenching. This heat swelled and swelled in me. I would have such a huge eruption. I would just pump blast after blast of cum into her mouth while my pussy cream would gush into Kali's mouth.

I loved them both pleasuring me. The elf's tongue swirled in my cunt while Lada's danced around the crown of my futa-dick. I groaned, my back arching. Such rapture surged through me. I loved every moment of it. 

“Yes, yes, yes,” I gasped. “Oh, my god, that's incredible. That's just fantastic. I love it. I love it so much. I'm going to cum.”

“Cum, Lady Virginia,” moaned Kali. “Just cum for us.”

I nodded, whimpering. My futa-dick throbbed in Lada's mouth. Kali's tongue plunged back into my cunt. She stirred it around in me. I rose and rose towards that moment of eruption. I gasped and then I exploded.

“Yes, yes, yes!” I moaned, cum firing out of my futa-cock and into Lada's mouth. My cunt convulsed around Kali's tongue.

Dual delights rushed through my body. I shuddered, my round boobs heaved. I basted Lada's mouth with my spunk. I fired over and over into her mouth. I shuddered, the pleasure rushing through my body.

“Oh, my god,” I moaned, adding my passion to the others.

“So good, Lady Virginia!” Kali moaned. Her tongue licked up the flood of my pussy cream.

Lada gulped down my cum. She swallowed it all. I bucked with each eruption. The rapture slammed through my body. Gentler ecstasy washed out of my cunt. I loved being a futa. I savored every moment of this bliss.

I hit the peak of my pleasure and quivered there. I shuddered, Lada sucking out the last of my cum. Kali's tongue danced through my pussy as my convulses slowed and then stopped. I panted as Lada ripped her mouth off my cock.

Her cheeks bulged. She hadn't swallowed all my cum. She pulled Kali's face from my pussy. The two met in a passionate kiss. I smiled as their tongues danced, sharing my jizz. A wicked heat rushed through me at how beautiful it was.

“God, that makes me want to fuck one of you while the other fucks me,” I groaned. “Kali, I want your dick in me. Lada, I really, really want to fuck you up the ass. Is that cool?”

Lada broke the kiss with Kali. “Queen Virginia, you know that is more than cool.” She turned and presented her plump rump. “Just sodomize the hell out of my asshole. It's going to be grand.”

I grinned and fell to my knees behind her. I smacked my cock back and forth from butt-cheek to butt-cheeks. I shuddered, loving the way her ass rippled. That was hot. A naughty thrill shot through me, my cunt on fire. Pussy cream dribbled down my thighs.

I would enjoy this so much. I would have so much fun fucking Lada as Kali fucked me. A big smile spread on my lips as I slid my girl-cock into Lada's butt-crack. My fellow blonde shuddered and threw a wicked grin over her shoulder.

“That's it,” she cooed. “Sodomize me, Your Majesty.”

“Yes, yes, bugger your futa-wife, while I plunge my girl-dick to the hilt in your pussy, Lady Virginia,” Kali cooed.”

“Oh, you have no idea how much I want that, “I cooed, my futa-dick sliding down and finding Lada's asshole.

I loved the feel of her asshole against the tip of my futa-dick. That felt so wonderful there. I shuddered, my futa-dick twitching as I rubbed against her. She looked over her shoulder at me, winking a blue eye at me.

“God, you're hot, Your Majesty,” she moaned. “Bugger me with that gorgeous cock.”

“Yes, yes, bugger her,” groaned Kali. “Ram into her asshole and make her gasp and cum, Lady Virginia. She needs it.”

“Yes, she does,” Lada moaned. “And since I'm she, I would know.”

“You would,” I purred and thrust against her.

I reveled in that wonderful moment of an asshole just surrendering to my futa-dick. The way the anal ring slowly expanded. Inch by inch, she widened to swallow my cock until I popped into her. It was a wondrous, even earth-shattering, moment when I penetrated into the velvety embrace of her bowels. 

Into the sweet heaven of her tight asshole.

She moaned as I sank into her. My pussy clenched, drinking in the heat flowing down my cock. I groaned, loving just how great that was. It felt so good to have her penetrating me. To have her sliding into my bowels. I groaned, savoring every moment of her sliding into my bowels.

“Yes, yes, yes!” I moaned. “Oh, my god, that's so good. You're so tight, Lada.”

“And you're so fucking thick,” moaned Lada. “Girl-dicks are the best dicks. Guys do not hold a candle to us.”

“I do not know what guys are, but I do love your futa-dick, Lady Virginia, and I am so eager to slide my girl-cock into your pussy.”

“Do it,” I moaned, my cunt dripping with excitement. My juices soaked my bush. “Ram into me!”

I bottomed out in Lada's asshole. I had every wondrous inch of my dick buried into the depths of her asshole. Her flesh squeezed about me. She held me tight as I throbbed in her bowels. Then Kali's cock nuzzled up my thighs and reached my bush.

She pressed through my curls and found my cunt. She rubbed up and down my slit. I shuddered. Then she buried into my snatch. I squeezed my pussy down on her big dick. Pleasure rushed through me. A wave of delight that left me swaying.

Her hands grabbed my tits. She squeezed them as she drew back. I chased her, pulling out of Lada's asshole as I experienced the delight of Kali's girl-cock massaging my pussy. The dual frictions were amazing. Kali slammed back into me.

I plunged to the hilt in Lada's asshole.

“Fuck, yes!” I moaned, squeezing my pussy down on Kali's girl-dick.

“Ooh, that's so good,” Lada moaned, her bowels clenching about my futa-cock. 

“Lady Virginia,” moaned Kali, her fingers kneading my tits as she drew back again.

I matched her rhythm, pulling out of Lada's asshole only for Kali to bury her futa-dick to the hilt in me. It was incredible having her girl-cock slamming to the hilt in my cunt and sending me plunging deep into Lada's bowels.

Her velvety flesh squeezed around me. She gripped me with that hot and tight sheath. I shuddered as I pumped away at her asshole. It was amazing to fuck her while Kali filled my pussy up again and again with her amazing girl-dick.

“Oh, that's so good,” I moaned, my voice mixing with the rest of the orgy. “That's it. Yes, yes, just keep fucking me, my sexy futa-elf.”

“I will, Lady Virginia.” She rubbed her big boobs into my back as she pumped away at my cunt. Her fingers dug into my tits. “I'm going to cum in you.”

“Yum,” moaned Lada. “Oh, fuck, Your Majesty, your dick is amazing. I love it plunging into my bowels. I'm going to cum on this dick. It's going to be nuts!”

I knew it would be.

The pressure grew in my ovaries and at the tip of my cock. The thrust of Kali's elf-dick into my cunt, and the plunges of my futa-cock into Lada's asshole built and built them both. I rose and rose towards that mighty climax.

I clenched my cunt down on Kali's girl-dick. The elf moaned her delight, her fingers sliding up my boobs. She found my nipples and pinched them. I gasped, my hands sliding up Lada's sides, spurred on by that twisting delight. Pleasure zapped from my nubs to my juicy cunt.

I found Lada's swinging tits. I squeezed them. I loved the feel of them in my hands as I sodomized her. She moaned, her velvety asshole clenching down on my futa-dick. The tip drank in all the delight. I built and built towards my orgasm. I shuddered, so close.

“Ooh, that's it,” Lada moaned as my fingers slid up her big and bountiful breasts. “Twist my nipples, Your Majesty. I know you want to.”

“They're so much fun to twist,” I moaned. “I love it.”

“Yes, yes, yes, it's so much fun,” Kali moaned, twisting my nipples. “Ooh, ooh, I'm going to cum in your pussy, Lady Virginia. Just explode into your cunt.”

“That sounds so wonderful,” I moaned, finding Lada's nipples. They were nice and fat. Just perfect for twisting and pinching.

So I went for it, twerking them. She gasped, her bowels clamping down on my futa-dick. She groaned and tossed her head. Then she gasped as she squealed out her pleasure. Her asshole writhed around my futa-dick.

“Queen Virginia! “she moaned, her bowels rippling and writhing around me. She felt so incredible.

“Yes, yes, yes!” I moaned, pumping away at her writhing asshole. 

Kali slammed into my cunt, her big dick massaging my silky flesh. The pleasure shot up to the tip of my futa-dick burying to the hilt in Lada's fantastic spasming asshole. Her flesh rippled around my aching clit-cock.

I erupted.

“Yes!” I howled as my cum fired into Lada's asshole. I pumped blast after blast of cum into her snatch. The pleasure slammed into my mind. Sparks burst across my thoughts. “Oh, my god, that's it. That's incredible. Oh, damn, that's so good. Yes, yes, yes, I'm cumming so hard.”

My pussy convulsed around the elf's futa-dick. She slammed into me. She gasped as my pussy suckled at her. I whimpered, the rapture rushing through me. Two different delights. Jets of ecstasy and waves of rapture. It washed into my snatch. It drowned over my thoughts.

“Yes, yes, yes!” I moaned as she fucked me. My cum pumped over and over into Lada's spasming asshole. 

“Lady Virginia,” she moaned, her clit-dick burying into my cunt. She erupted.

Her spunk fired into my snatch as my futa-jizz pumped into Lada's asshole. It was so hot to be cumming while I had dickgirl-seed pumping into me. My snatch rippled and writhed around her clit-dick as she fired more and more of that hot delight into me.

Her boobs rubbed into my back as I bucked into her. My body trembled through my rapture. My juices spilled down my thighs. It was so hot. My hands clenched at Lada's hips. I gripped her as she suckled out all the cum from my bowels.

I panted as I hit that wonderful peak. I leaned back into Kali's boobs. She held me. It was so wonderful. The elf nibbled on my ear as she pumped more and more of her cum into my pussy. I quivered at how wonderful that felt.

“You have to come back,” I whimpered. “I want you all to come back to me safely. I love you all. You're all precious to me.”

“I'll make sure they come back,” Lada promised, her bowels squeezing around my dick. I felt the strength of her conviction. She really would keep them safe.

I wanted them to come back. I looked out at the orgy. Was it possible to protect them all? What about the girls who were still at the school. The ones who were not part of Ella's harem. They were innocents in all of this.

I had so much weight on my shoulder. Could I pull this off? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lada Volkov

I hugged Virginia and kissed her. She planted her lips hard on my mouth. Our futa-dicks pressed tight. I grabbed her ass. It was quiet in the cave. Most of the girls were sleeping. Two of my girls were on guard, Suzan and Janette. 

I broke the kiss and whispered, “I'll bring them back. I promise.”

“I'm counting on you,” Virginia whispered back.

Then she turned to Brígida and hugged the futa-mage. They met in a fierce kiss. Their tongues danced together. It was so hot to watch pale Virginia against Brígida's golden brown flesh. Virginia broke the kiss, whispering something to her. Brígida nodded, pushing up her glasses. Aria was next, and her dark-chocolate body was even hotter to see pressed against Virginia's pale flesh. My futa-dick throbbed in delight. A big smile spread on my lips.

Virginia kissed Kali and then Ejiro and Ocean, my two girls coming with me. The petite, Japanese girl was shy but fierce. She was a flyer. The light one that we put on top of pyramids and threw up into the air. She was a good girl.

They all were.

“Come back,” Virginia repeated after breaking her embrace with Ocean. “I don't care if you have the weapons or not. I want you all to come back to me.”

“We will, Lady Virginia,” Aria said. “Taari, Goddess of the Night and Mistress of Secrets, I beg of you to watch over us. Hide and conceal us as we move beneath your dark cloak. Protect and defend us as we walk on paths unknown.”

A strange, silvery radiance shone from her and fell on the party members. I shivered. That was exciting. It tingled over me. I glanced at Brígida. “So you got something for us.”

“Mine is more... for when the shit hits the fan,” Brígida said. “Magery is more about the quick and the flashy. It sucks. Aria's more Gandalf than I am, but she has to pray, so it's not quite right. But, still, she's doing all the fortifying and buffing that he normally does.”

“And healing and breaking curses,” I said, ticking off fingers. “You couldn't even get us out of a classroom with walls that a fire ax could cut through.”

“I didn't think of going through the wall,” Brígida muttered.

“Good thing Saffron has imagination,” Ocean said. 

“I have imagination,” Brígida muttered. “Mine is just... not so mundane as hacking through a wall with a fire ax.”

“So not practical,” I said. “Sounds like a mage to me.”

Virginia laughed for a moment. That was worth it. She was putting too much on herself. That was a mistake. She shouldn't put so much pressure on herself. It wasn't good for her. I would tell her that, but she wouldn't listen. 

She thought she could save everything. And since she was destined for that task, I guess it made sense that she thought it was all on her.

Poor thing.

“Kali, you lead the way,” I told the elf.

The elf smiled and moved down the tunnel, following the purple river that we were not allowed to drink from under any circumstances. Something about sleeping in a dream for a few thousand years. Didn't seem that worth it. And it just flowed out of the cave and through a canyon.

I wondered where it went?

Kali passed through the illusion that hid the cave entrance. Akane and her girls wouldn't know these woods at all, so it was a good deterrent against them. Still, I had two of my girls standing watch. I nodded to Janelle and Suzan before I stepped through and into the night.

Aria and Brígida came next with Ocean and Ejiro as the rear guard. Night was thick outside. The trees rustled in the breeze. They were black against the slightly lighter black of the sky. Like a purple-black versus a deep one. Stars twinkled and...

“Are the stars... dancing?” I asked, staring at the pattern of shifting lights.

“They are agitated,” said Kali. “Normally, their dance is stately. Slowly moving, but they are watching us and unable to help. It takes a bold star that will crash to the earth and die.”

“Why would a star do that?” Brígida asked. 

“Nothing is stronger than starmetal,” said Kali. “A single star can become a powerful weapon. Bonded to its owner, it will never break until she does. Never fail so long as she is true.”

“Star is a hope made manifest,” Aria said. “It guides, it inspires, and it uplifts by always being up there just out of reach.”

Kali nodded.

The elf walked down the stream, moving through the canyon. They had gone maybe twenty feet when a figure jumped out of the bush. Kali fell into a fighting stance. So did I, my heart leaping up in my throat. The figure had hands on her hips.

“What the fuck?” Saffron said. “Why are you guys trying to ditch me? There's a super-secret stealth mission, and you don't want to bring your resident kick-ass thief.”

“You were sleeping next to Avice,” Aria said. “I saw you as we were making our goodbyes. How did you get past us?”

“D'oh, I'm a super-awesome thief with mad sneakin' skillz.” She blew on her knuckles then rubbed them on her small tits. “That's why you need me. Someone has to detect the enemy that's going to hear Lada's big tits slapping together.”

I put my hands over my boobs. “I can't help that they're big. Do they really slap together and make a lot of noise.”

Kali nodded. “But so is this conversation. Saffron, Lady Virginia did not select you for this mission. She will be worried about you. Head inside.”

Saffron shook her head. “I'm going. If you say no, I'll just ghost along behind you. You need me.”

“Why?” Aria asked. “Why are you doing something dangerous again?”

“She feels guilty about being bamboozled by the succubus,” Brígida said. “If Virginia didn't know her so well, she would have split the harem apart.”

Saffron winced. “You don't have to just spell it out. It could have been subtext!”

“You don't have anything to feel guilty about,” I told her. “That succubus would have put the magic whammy on any of us. We all would have been her bitch.”

Saffron shook her head. “I shouldn't have fallen into her trap. I'm better than that. But I got caught by her and turned into her bitch! Can we just drop it and go? We have weapons to get. Super important stuff. I'd love a dagger. Vixen loves the Goddess of Knives so much.”

“She loves the Goddess of Kisses,” Aria said. “Goddess of Treachery. Ammuch. Not Raatak. I imagine that's the dark elf that hurt Kali.”

“Surexila,” Kali said.

“I want to find that bitch, fuck the shit out of her, and then make her gag on my cock for trying to murder Virginia,” I growled. “She deserves to feel pain.”

“I injured her, but I fear that she managed to flee.”

“Good,” I growled. “Means I can still kill her. I would hate to have missed out on the opportunity to fuck that bitch up.”

“Then let's go,” Saffron said. “I'll lend you my dagger. It's bronzewood, right? That's the stuff that's going to fuck over this cunt?”

“That's the stuff,” said Kali. “This way.”

Saffron fell in at Kali's side, their cute tushes swaying before me. My eyes were adjusting to the dark. I could see those rumps just fine. My dick twitched as I followed after, my boobs jiggling and smacking into each other. I was so conscious of it. Just walking was enough.

There were prices to being such a busty girl.

We followed the river, the walls of the canyon growing steeper and steeper only for them to fall away rapidly, and we were back in the midst of the dreamweave trees. They creaked around us, their branches rustling. The wind was blowing hard high up. It was so eerie. There were no other sounds.

Well, my tits smacking together. God, once I knew about it, I couldn't hear anything else. It was so annoying.

The purple water flowed to a pool that lay in the middle of a glade. It was perfectly circular, the surface still despite the flow pouring into it. I glanced at it and felt like it was bottomless. That if I stepped into it, I would sink for eternity.

“Gives me the heebie-jeebies,” muttered Saffron as she glanced at it. Then she froze. She crashed into Kali, throwing them both to the ground. Something flashed through where Kali had been standing a moment before.

A thin, triangular blade with a black tassel planted in the ground. A heartbeat later, it melted into smoke. 

My instincts triggered. I turned and tackled Aria and Brígida, throwing them both to the ground. Two somethings hissed over their heads. One nearly hit Ejiro's foot, quivering by her as she yelped in shock.

“Surexila!” snarled Kali. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Saffron Homewood

I rolled off the elf and glanced into the trees. A shadow moved up there. The assassin that had tried to kill my twin sister. Rage shot through me. I was tired of being ambushed by these bitches and cunts. So sick of it. First that Vixen and now this dark-elf cunt.

I jumped for the nearest tree, grabbed the thick branch, and swung up. With my cock shoved into my pussy and out of the way, I seized the limb with my thighs and then swung myself up on it. I leaped to the next one. Darkness hissed out of the air, cutting through the golden maple leaves. Daggers.

They burst into shadows after each throw, coming from higher up. I jumped, scampered, and scrambled higher. I didn't move in a pattern. I grabbed branches and swung from them like mother-fucking Tarzan. I leaped from tree to tree, climbing higher.

The daggers flew at me. Three would hiss through the air, trying to box me in. I lapped over one, grabbing the branch above me where it forked. I swung up between the split and landed on it. Then I jumped as three more daggers rushed in.

THUNK! THUNK! THUNK!

They burst into smoke. A pattern formed. She could only throw three of them at a time. That was important. If I figured out how to use it, I would dominate this bitch. She would never know what hit her when I was done.

I counted in my head. The daggers came. I jumped to the next tree, grabbing vines. The air whipped past my naked body. My pussy clenched about my futa-cock buried in my snatch. I grabbed a branch and swung up on it.

THUNK! THUNK! THUNK!

I began my count again as the daggers puffed into smoke. I jumped up for the branch above me and swung over. I grabbed the next branch with my knees like a gymnast on the bars. I spun around it and launched myself into a somersault, more daggers flying at me. 

At the same count.

I had a five-second window from when the daggers impacted and when she could throw them.

I spotted her. I was gaining on her. She moved, too, but not as much. She took aim and then threw. I back-flipped clear, wanting to keep her guessing. My feet landed on another branch. I jumped into the air and soared at her.

THUNK! THUNK! THUNK!

One Mississippi, I counted in my head. She leaped to another branch. 

Two Mississippi!

I landed where she had been and jumped after her. 

Three Mississippi! 

She turned to face me, raising her hand.

Four Mississippi!

Annoyance flashed across her features. She had a face so black she stood out against the night. Onyx, but her white hair, in a ponytail, stood out even more. It whipped behind her. 

Five Mississippi!

The daggers appeared in her hand. I landed before her. She whipped them at me. I tumbled on the thick, silver barked branch. The daggers whisked over my head. I came up and sprang at her. We hit. I threw her down on the branch where it forked. Leaves rustled.

THUNK! THUNK! THUNK!

One Mississippi!

She gasped as I slid atop her body. We grappled, both of us struggling to gain the advantage. 

Two Mississippi!

She bucked me, flipping me over. I grabbed the branch, my legs sliding off the bottom, my stomach lurching.

Three Mississippi!

I kicked my legs and swung under the branch and swooped around the side, the bark scraping on my hands. 

Four Mississippi!

My legs crashed into her back. I seized her by the waist. She gasped and fell forward, grabbing the branch with her hands. I clutched with my thighs, both of us dangling.

Five Mississippi!

Her hands were full of the branch. We dangled high up. If we fell, it would be bad. I grinned. I had her just where I wanted her. I gripped her around the waist. Her legs kicked. She wanted to swing us free, grunting and groaning.

I swung my body down and between her legs, grabbing her waist as I came around to the front. Arms wrapped around her waist, my face rubbed into her bare belly. She gasped, the branch groaning and shivering.

“Raatak's sharp knife!” she snarled. “Get off me!”

She kicked as the branch groaned. I crawled up her body, my small tits sliding up to the leather bra she wore. My nipples twitched. She wore a simple loincloth, almost all of her leggy body bare. I smiled at her as I gripped her.

“Now, isn't this cozy?” I asked.

“All I have to do is let go!” she hissed. “Then you are dead.”

“So are you,” I said. “You ready to go out like that. My friends are down there. I got a priestess. I bet she can put me back together. What do you have.”

Frustration hissed across her face. She tried to headbutt me. The mean bitch. I leaned my head in, taking it on the crown instead of my forehead. She gasped in pain. It hurt, but it didn't disorient me. My cock twitched in my pussy, a naughty idea forming in my mind.

I held her tight with my right arm, my legs wrapping around hers. I gripped her, squeezing my cunt down on my clit-dick. A shiver of delight shot through me as I found a pouch on her waist. I thrust my hand in and felt a slender cord.

Rope. It must be elf rope. I watched Lord of the Rings. That stuff was super strong. Thin, light, and versatile. Just what I needed for this moment. I pulled it out and then grinned at her. I squeeze my legs tight around her thighs and shimmied up her, pressing my breasts into her face.

“What are you doing?” she hissed.

“Binding you to the tree,” I said and worked fast. My rogue instincts were on fire. I knew how to tie a good knot. I bound her wrists to the branch. I grinned at that. “There, now you're going nowhere.”

“This won't hold me forever,” She hissed. “I'll get free and hunt you down.”

“You think so?” I asked. “Hmm, let's do something about it.”

“Like what?” she demanded “Going to kill me. I don't think you have it in you.”

“I don't,” I said. “I'm a thief, not an assassin.”

“You're weak!” the dark elf hissed, her face twisting with mockery.

“Right, right, I'm the weak one.” I rolled my eyes. “Who captured who? Yep, that's right. I captured you. And it's time to enjoy me some dark elf delight.” I shoved my hand back into her pouch. I dug around in there. I felt a ring attached to two leather straps that could be joined together. “Now what is this.”

I pulled it out, my legs squeezing tight to her. I held it up. A ring of metal that was wide enough for a big dick to slide through. A smile spread on my lips. I held this out before her, letting it sway before her face.

“Is this a ring gag?” I asked.

“You put that on me, and you're so dead, bitch,” she snarled. “By Raatak's sharp knife, I will gut you and fuck you to death!”

“That's so gross,” I said. “I'm just going to fuck you until I cum.”

“I dare you to try. My ven—”

I shoved the ring gag into her mouth, cutting off her words. I was so glad to do that. She was getting so tedious to listen to. I buckled it behind her head, her mouth forced open. She glared at me, her body swaying.

I smiled at her and licked her lips. “Mmm, I bet you love to suck on a girl's dick. You're just hungry for a huge futa-cock to fuck you, aren't you?”

She snarled with such fury, thrashing at the bonds. I smiled as we swayed back and forth. The tree creaked over our heads. I smiled and then I shimmied up it. My cock was so hard. It was throbbing in my pussy. 

“Mmm, you're just so eager for it,” I groaned, grabbing the branch and pulling myself up. I dangled there, rather proud of this upper body strength I had gained. I felt like I could hang here all day. That was perfect. “Just so eager to suck my futa-dick.

I reached my left hand down, holding on with my right hand. I pulled my girl-cock out of my pussy. I shuddered as it slid out. Then I pressed it into her mouth. I felt the cool ring before I slipped into her warm maw. I had my clit-dick in the dark elf assassin's mouth.

She didn't suck. She didn't dance her tongue around it. I shuddered, loving the feeling, but I wanted her to pleasure me. I grabbed the branch with my left arm. I could swing to fuck my cock in and out of her mouth, but I wanted more.

“Mmm, you can suck,” I moaned. “I bet you want to make me cum. You know it'll be amazing. Just a powerful burst of pleasure. Who knows what will happen?”

I thrust into her mouth and slid out. Not much, only a few inches, but it felt wonderful. This was the bitch that had tried to murder my twin sister. I had such anger in me, which only made it feel more amazing to thrust my cock into her mouth.

Her tongue suddenly swirled about my cock. Then she suckled at my dick. I groaned, savoring the way she did that. She nursed on me with such hunger. My toes curled. My cunt clenched from the force of her nursing hunger. 

I gripped the branch, my heart pounding in my chest. She moaned as she did it. I could feel her excitement. She wanted to make me cum. To lose all control and fall to my death. I shuddered, the thrill of this exciting.

I might fall.

“God, what is going on up there?” Lada shouted.

“I'm fucking her mouth,” I shouted back. “She's got a hunger for my cum.”

Lada laughed while I imagined Aria shaking her head in disgust or disappointment. Brígida was a wild card. She might be annoyed or cheering me on. I had no idea what Kali's thoughts on the matter were. I didn't care.

I savored the dark elf sucking on my cock with all her might. She nursed on me with all her might. It was intoxicating. I shuddered, my cunt clenching as they both loved me. My face contorted with the delight of this moment. My toes curled, my heart pounding in my chest as she worked so hard to kill me by making me cum.

“That's it, dark elf bitch!” I moaned. “Suck my futa-dick. You're such a cum-hungry slut, aren't you? Yeah, you are. I can feel it.”

She suckled harder. She nursed on me with power. I groaned, my cunt clenching from the delight. It was fantastic. I shuddered, savoring every last moment of her nursing on my cock. She suckled and pleasured me, bringing me closer and closer to cumming.

Closer and closer to erupting.

My face contorted from the delight. It was amazing. She nursed on me with such passion. I shuddered, my futa-dick throbbing in her mouth. My pussy clenched. It was so hot having the bound and dangling dark elf assassin suck my cock.

“God, that's it!” I moaned. “Mmm, you got that hot, hungry mouth, dark elf bitch!”

She growled, her passion humming around my cock. I groaned, loving how that brought me closer and closer to cumming. Her tongue danced around the crown of my futa-dick. My pussy clenched, my bush getting soaked with passion.

“Yes, yes, you're going to get a big mouthful of my cum, you know that? I'm going to fire so much jizz into you. It's going to be spectacular.”

She nursed hard. The sucking and slobbering sounds were incredible. I clung to the branch, my dangling toes curling. This was so insane. So dangerous. I loved it. The thrill of falling to my death only swelled me to my orgasm faster and faster.

My pussy clenched. My ovaries drank in the suction. She nursed, the passion reaching into my cunt. I shuddered, my small breasts jiggling. I groaned, my face contorting with the bliss of the enemy giving me a blowjob.

“Fuck, yes!” I gasped, the pressure swelling at the tip. Her tongue caressed it. “Just like that. Ooh, you know what a girl loves. Mmm, you're going to get a mouthful of spunk.”

The branch creaked. She suckled hard. The pressure hit that explosive point at the tip of my cock. I threw back my head and howled out my delight. My clit-dick erupted. Hot cum fired into her mouth. My pussy convulsed with delight.

“Yes, yes, just swallow all that spunk down!” I howled as the dual raptures rushed through my mind. “I want you to gulp it all down.”

The dark elf swallowed. She groaned and nursed down my cum. I shuddered, loving the pleasure. My toes curled from the delight. She kept nursing on me with such passion. Stars burst across my vision. Pussy cream ran down my thighs.

“Oh, damn, that's so good,” I moaned. “Oh, yes, yes, that's wonderful. Fuck, yes, bitch! You're my dark elf bitch!”

“I can't believe you're really fucking her, Saffron!” Lada shouted. “Hurry up.”

I shuddered, spurting over and over into the assassin's mouth. My pussy spasmed. Rapture spilled out of my cunt and ecstasy fired from my futa-dick. I reveled in it, my short bob of hair dancing around my face. The branch creaked. I hugged it, clinging to life.

“Yes!” I howled and fired the last blast of cum. I shuddered, my toes curling. “Oh, wow, I'm awesome! Mmm, and you loved sucking my cock, didn't you.”

The dark elf assassin could only moan around my dick. But I knew she loved it.

“And you want me to fuck you in the ass, don't you?” A big smile spread on my lips. “Yeah, you do. You want to take my big girl-cock in that tight asshole.

I slid around her, my heart pounding in my chest. My cock rubbed into her back. Then I slid down her body. My futa-cock caressed down her spine until I was nuzzling into her loincloth. I gripped her shoulder with my left hand and undid the knots. It fell away. I slid around the front, expecting to find her futa-cock flopping put.

I found it buried in her own cunt like I did. I shuddered and thrust her girl-cock deep into her own twat. She gasped as I did that, shuddering. I smiled, wrapped my thighs around her waist, and drew back my hips, sliding my cock into her butt-crack. Lubed by my precum and her spittle, I found her asshole. I loved the feel of her against me.

I thrust against her asshole.

She groaned as I drilled into her sphincter. Her anal ring widened and widened. She moaned and thrashed, swaying. I popped into her bowels. I groaned as her velvety flesh welcomed my girl-dick into the heaven of her tight sheath.

“Fuck, yes,” I groaned, pumping her own cock in and out of her pussy as I sank into her bowels. “Ooh, you are going to cum so hard on me, aren't you? Mmm, you're my dark elf bitch!”

She moaned, her bowels squeezing about my dick. I shuddered at that velvety pressure as I drew back, using my thighs wrapped around her waist as leverage. I slammed back into her. I buried to the hilt in her flesh. The tree branch creaked over our heads.

I loved the way she moaned. My left hand wrapped around her torso. I squeezed her breast. I kneaded her as I pumped away at her bowels. I fucked her hard and fast. We swung. It was so hot to bury my futa-dick over and over into her asshole.

“Yes!” I groaned, the ache already building at the tip of my cock. “Try to kill my twin sister? Ooh, you're getting fucked hard. You're going to make me cum. I'm going to flood that skank ass of yours!”

I thrust her futa-dick deep into her cunt as I rammed my clit-cock into her asshole. I plunged to the hilt in her and drew back. I savored the way she gripped me. It was spectacular. I drew back my hips, shuddering at the way she held me.

“Fuck, yes!” I groaned. “Oh, fuck, that's so good. You're going to make me explode. Just fucking burst with delight, aren't you.”

She could only moan. Groan. The ring gag let her make sloppy sounds as I fucked her bowels. Her velvety sheath massaged my cock. I shuddered, my right hand fucking her futa-dick in and out of her pussy. I wanted her to cum.

I wanted to utterly defeat her.

“You're going to milk my dick with that spasming asshole.” I moaned, the pressure building and building at the tip of my dick. My ovaries brimmed with jizz to flood her. “Yes, you are. You're going to cum like a bitch on my cock.”

She moaned, her legs kicking.

My thrusts matched the rhythm of our swinging, driving my cock into her bowels as we went forward. Then I drew out as we pendulumed back. I loved it. I shuddered, my pussy on fire. My nipples throbbed against her skin. She held us up and moaned.

I licked her pointed ear thrusting dark out of her white hair. I buried to the hilt in her, my dick on the verge of erupting. I would fire so much cum into her bowels. I shuddered, slamming deep into her. Hard. I was so close. Almost there. My pussy burned with heat.

I thrust her futa-dick into her pussy as I rammed my clit-dick into her bowels, my thighs squeezing so tight about her waist. I held onto her as I drilled her asshole, moments from erupting in her. That velvety sheath massaged me. 

But she was the one who came first.

The dark elf futa-assassin moaned through her ring gag. Her futa-dick pulsed in my hand, flooding her own cunt with her futa-jizz. Her asshole convulsed around my girl-cock. I gasped as I drew back, savoring the way her flesh massaged my dick. She suckled at me.

I rammed back into her asshole, gasping, “Fuck, yes!”

I flooded the futa-assassin's bowels. The dark elf-dickgirl bucked. The ropes binding her to the branch creaked. Her asshole convulsed around my cock with such hunger. I shuddered, loving the way her bowels suckled at me. 

Stars burst across my vision. My thighs gripped her wait. My arms hugged her body. I held tight as we swung from the branch. Wood creaked as I gasped out my delight. Pussy cream gushed from my cunt. It must be raining on the ground.

“Goddamn, yes!” I howled. “Suck the cum out of my cock.”

Her dick writhed and spasmed around me. She suckled at me with such hunger. I groaned, loving every second of it. The pleasure shot through me. It was incredible. I groaned, bucking through the bliss. The rapture slammed into my mind. It burned across my thoughts as her bowels milked me dry.

“Yes, yes, yes,” I gasped. “Oh, fuck. Oh, my fucking god!”

I fired the last of my cum into the dark futa-elf's bowels. I flooded the dickgirl-assassin with everything that I had. It was outstanding. I groaned through the bliss. I shuddered, clutching tight to her. I held her, a big smile spreading on my lips.

I nuzzled into her pointed ear and hissed. “Mmm, you're my bitch now, aren't you?”

The futa-assassin thrashed, her bowels squeezing about my dick. I laughed my delight and ripped out of her. I leaped back and landed on a branch below, my futa-cock bobbing before me. Feeling like a billion bucks, I left her dripping in my cum and headed down. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lada Volkov

“I can't believe she fucked her twice,” I muttered.

“It's Saffron,” Brígida said. “Here she comes.”

Saffron dropped out of the trees and landed before us, cock bobbing. “Sorry that took so long. Had to neutralize her.”

“That is what you call that?” asked Aria. “Not satisfying your lusts.”

“Neutralizing,” Saffron said, her black hair swaying about her face. “Now, we should get going. We don't have all night.”

I snorted with laughter, smacked her on the ass, and then glanced at Kali. “Lead on.”

The elf looked up into the trees, a smile on her lips. Then she marched forward, her big boobs leading the way. Saffron fell in beside her. I marched after. Brígida and Aria followed me with Ocean and Ejiro at the rear. Time to get us some weapons. 

To be continued...
