Author: mypenname3000
Title: Owning a Maid Harem Chapter Twenty-Eight: Buying the Virgin Shop Girl
Summary: Kyile shops for more than just a ring but also a virgin for her big brother!
Keyword: ff fff mff mc inc oral creampie breed 1st exhib voy super

Characters

Main Characters

Lance Hayward: New Master of Hayward Manor.
Cali: The purple-eyed maid with a mysterious past. Has the Golden Garter.
Maria Hayward: Lance's mother. Has the Silver Garter and is his Mommy-Maid.
Kylie Hayward: Lance's little sister. Has the Pink Garter and his Little Sister Maid.
Ms. Lynette Docea: Lance's history teacher. Has the Light-Blue Garter and is his Teacher-Maid.
Nancy Heres: Lance's aunt and mother's sister. Has the Red Garter and is his Aunt-Maid.
Bella Miles: Lance's best friend. Has the Yellow Garter and is his Maid-Wife.

The Daughter Maids  Bronze Garters
Angela Hayward: Lance's daughter with his mother.  
Chastity Hayward: Lance's third daughter with his mother. 
Virginia Hayward: Lance's second daughter with his mother. 

The Virgin Maids  Pink Garters
Ashley: Student
Brenda: Student
Janiqua: Student
Rashimi: Attends First Baptist
Tabitha: Kylie's best friend
Zeta: Attends First Baptist

The Wise-Maids  Gray Garters
Abigail Wright: Curator at the Museum of Neolithic History
Asuka: Student
Marsha Peterson: PHD in Celtic Mythology
Mrs. Johnson: Teacher
Mrs. White: Principal
Sister Martha Ruth: Nun at St. Theresa

The Slut-Maids  Orange Garters
Alisha: Shop girl
Deborah: Aunt Nancy's eldest daughter.
Deidre: Attends First Baptist
Izzy: Aunt Nancy's youngest daughter.
Ji-Woo Im: Runs Happy Touch Massage Parlor
Seo-Yun Choe: Masseuse at Happy Touch Massage Parlor

The Concubine-Maids  Green Garters
Alice: Student
Carla: Cheerleader
Felicity: Student
Gloria: Student
Mrs. Kenning: Mother to Opal
Mrs. Miles: Bella's mother
Opal Kenning: Bride going to marry Clint Hartford.
Veronica: Student

The Demon-Maid  Black Garter
The Seductress: An imprisoned in the flesh.

Other Characters

Aleister Hayward: Brought the manor from England to America
Clint Hartford: Groom going to marry Opal Kenning
Coach Richards: Teacher
Daffodil: Attends First Baptist
Derrick: Rick Reynold's best man, banging his bride.
Lana: Attends First Baptist
Mortimer Hayward: Lance's dead uncle, previous owner of Hayward Manor.
Mr. Carter: Teacher
Mr. Jordan: Teacher
Pita: Attends First Baptist
Rick Reynolds: Groom goign to marry Rita Carlyle.
Rita Carlyle: Bride going to marry Rick Reynolds. Cheating on him with his best man.
Sister Shannon Ester: Nun at St. Theresa, killed by Malevolence
Ursula: Attends First Baptist
Young-Ja Choe: Masseuse at Happy Touch Massage Parlor

The Imprisoned

The Gizzamuluke
The Hagazim
Lady Smiles
The Maggotborn
Malevolence
The Misshapen
The Ripper
Smiles
The Stalker
The Twin
The Warmth
The Weeper
The Woods

Kylie Hayward

I am, said the brown-haired daughter of the jewelry shop owner. She wore a pink t-shirt with a unicorn on it and a pair of blue jeans. I had hope when I saw how cute her top was, and she had that symbol of innocence. 

That's so wonderful, I said and placed my wooden chest on the glass counter. Beneath were engagement rings of so many types. I was here on a special mission from my Master-Big Brother. I had Tabitha with me. My best friend and fellow maid was perfect for this mission.

Mainly because she was my BFF!

I had four more garters left. I opened the case and Heather shuddered. Her father, Mr. Goldsmith, blinked. He had black hair and wore a yarmulke. I'd never met anyone who wore a Jewish prayer cap in real life. Just in movies. 

It was neat. 

So, I need to do a hymen check on you, I said. Hayward Manor business. So, uh, what's your name?

Heather, the girl said, her eyes staring at the four white garters that were in the case. 

Well, Heather, you just come on around the table and let me see what you have. Isn't that just such a wonderful thing? We're going to make sure that you're perfect for our Master.

He's so wonderful, said Tabitha. But we need to have only virgins to take care of him. It's a big responsibility to watch over his needs. Whatever he wants, you have to be ready to provide it for him.
I can do it, Heather said, moving around from behind her counter. Right, Dad.

That's right, he said, stroking at his beard as he watched his daughter unsnapping her jeans as she came up beside us. This was a special day for any girl. To be chosen to wear a white garter was important. It required only the purest of girls. The others could pick sluts and whores and married women, but I didn't think that was right.

Master Big Brother deserved girls who had never been with any man. He should be their first. That was the only way this should work. It made perfect sense to me. I hoped Heather was a virgin. She claimed to be one. 

Good sign.

But you never knew when there was a whore who just lied to get a garter. I mean, I would do anything to be owned by Master-Big Brother. Why, in the beginning, I... I... Memories from the first day we arrived at the manor washed through me.

Okay, I was an idiot who thought it was weird that this was all happening. I resisted the magic, but that was because I was a Hayward by birth. I had the same blood as my brother. But normal girls wanted it. They had no choice. The magic was so powerful.

Heather had her fly open. I thrust my hand into it and slid into the pink panties that peeked out. I slid through a nice, trimmed bush to find her pussy lips. She was juicy, but who wouldn't be with the prospect of being my big brother's?

Lance was amazing.

I stroked her pussy lips, her father watching on anxiously. He wanted her to be chosen. Such a good dad. I parted her pussy lips and found her hymen. That little membrane, with a hole my finger could almost fit through, was proof of her purity.

You're a virgin! I said as I ripped my hand out.

So that means...? There was such hope in her hazel eyes. She bounced in place, her jeans slipping off her hips and falling to her mid-thighs. Her pink panties had a cute, white bow on the front. Adorable. 

Yep! I said and grabbed a pink garter. Mr. Goldsmith, your daughter is maid material. So... I grabbed a white garter out of my case and held it to Heather.

She shuddered at the sight of it and shoved her jeans down her legs while kicking off her white tennis shoes. She wore a pair of pink socks with a frill of white lace. Ooh, everything she had was so adorable. I loved it. 

She stepped out of her jeans before she hopped on one foot than the other to peel off her socks. Maids could only wear official Hayward Manor uniforms. She dropped her socks before she peeled off her t-shirt. She had round boobs that her pink bra held. Trimmed in white lace, it was cute. It was a shame it wasn't an approved uniform. 

She reached behind her and unhooked it. Her proud daddy watched on, beaming as his daughter unveiled her round boobs. They were perky tits with pink nipples that looked so suckable. Master Big Brother would love her. My pussy was growing so wet. Tabitha wiggled her hips, watching on with delight.

Heather shoved off her panties last. She rolled those pink delights off her hips revealing a trimmed, brown bush that dripped with her pussy juices. She bent over, her boobies swinging back and forth. She stepped out of her panties.

I dropped to my knees. Heather thrust out her left leg, saying, I'm so happy, Dad!

Me, too, Heather, said Mr. Goldsmith. Your mother would have been so proud of you.

The daughter beamed at those words as I slipped the white garter over her foot. I slid the lacy band up her calf, past her knee, and around her thigh. I left it there, gripping her leg. She shuddered as she officially became a maid of Hayward Manor.

Master Lance owns me, she said with awe and pride.

That's right, I said and stood. I leaned against the counter and spread my legs. And as your first official act as a maid of Hayward Manor, you will eat my pussy!

Yes, Kylie, she said. I'd love that! 

Heather dropped to her knees before me. She pressed her head up between my legs and nuzzled into my trimmed bush. I shuddered as she licked me. I closed my eyes, enjoying the way her tongue stroked across my pussy lips. She parted them, sending a hot shiver rushing through me.

She licked around my clit. This wonderful heat swept through me. It was a naughty moment to have her tonguing me like that. I closed my eyes and just enjoyed the way her tongue stroked around my bud. A shudder ran through me. 

Ooh, I purred. That's so good, Heather. I glanced at her father. Your daughter is going to fit right in at Hayward Manor. Pussy eating is something that we do a lot of. It's important for bonding between maids and makes sure that all different colors of garters support and love each other.

Of course, of course, Mr. Goldsmith said as he watched his daughter licking at me. Heather stroked through my folds again. She was so delicious. My girl is a team player. She plays softball at her high school.

Wonderful, said Tabitha as she dropped to her knees and grabbed Heather's rump. Mmm, you have a yummy-looking muff. I just have to eat you out, Heather. Because we're maids who serve Master Lance. I love you.

I love you, too, Heather moaned into my pussy.

That was so beautiful to hear. The magic of Hayward Manor was amazing. I was so glad that Heather would be with us for eternity, chained to my big brother. We would all be in the Hay making love, our souls locked in an endless orgy with my big brother at the center. Our reward for fighting against evil.

I shuddered at the feel of that hot tongue stroking through my folds. She licked at me as Tabitha nuzzled into Heather's pussy. My BFF started licking and lapping at Heather, stroking through her folds, lapping at her cunt.

Heather moaned into my pussy as she enjoyed Tabitha's licking. Oh, she's so good, she moaned. Ooh, I like that.

You should love it, I said. That's the fun of being a maid. Pussy eating is the second best part of being fucked by Master-Big Brother!

Yes! Tabitha squealed, her blue eyes meeting mine. Her blonde curls swayed around her face as she feasted on Heather. Just the best!

I can't wait to lose my cherry to him! Heather moaned. Master Lance... I just know he's so handsome. I love him so much! Dad, I'm going to be his loyal and loving maid. He can use my body whenever he wants.

You're going to make me proud servicing him, said Mr. Goldsmith. Master Hayward is a great man who needs to be served.

I loved the Golden Power. It was so hot how it just affected everyone.

Heather licked and lapped at my pussy. She stroked her tongue through my folds. I quivered when she pressed into me. She sank into my twat itself and writhed around in my hole. She teased me as she did that. It was so hot feeling her tongue dancing around in me. I loved every last second of her doing that. It was just a naughty moment. 

She stroked my inner depths. Her tongue danced around in me while her lips rubbed on my pussy folds. It was an outstanding rush. I loved that moment. I enjoyed every last second of her stirring me up and building me toward my orgasm.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned. Ooh, ooh, Heather, you're such a great addition to the harem.

Thank you, Kylie! groaned the cutie.

She thrust her tongue deep into my pussy while Tabitha ate her out. I watched my friend kneading Heather's rump. Tabitha ate her out while the cute brunette tongued my snatch. My orgasm built and built in me. I quivered here, my maid's uniform rustling.

Mr. Goldsmith watched on with pride. He wasn't getting off on our lesbian passion, but just drinking in the sight of his daughter working for Hayward Manor. She could be dusting the house, and he would show as much interest as this.

It was fantastic.

Her tongue danced around in me. She swirled about in my snatch. It was a delicious moment to feel her rooting around in me. My eyes rolled back in my head. I loved how she flicked her tongue around in my snatch. 

She drove me wild with that hot tongue. She swept it around in my cunt and brought me closer and closer to bursting. I would have a huge climax. It would be amazing having all that pleasure rushing through me. 

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned. Oh Mr. Goldsmith, your daughter is such a good pussy licker. Ooh, ooh, she's going to make me cum so hard!

Of course she is, he said with such pride. Her mother would be so proud of her.

Yes, yes, be proud, Mama Goldsmith! I moaned, looking up to heaven. Your daughter is such a good maid! She's doing such an amazing job eating my pussy. I'm going to cum on her face. I'm going to drown her!

I loved those words as that hot tongue thrust into my pussy and swirled around in me. I shuddered at the feel of all that delight sweeping through me. It was just a fantastic moment to have her dancing around in me. I rose toward that moment of bursting. To drowning the cutie.

Her tongue stroked through my folds and danced around my clit. She fluttered against my bud. My skirt rustled as my petite body quivered. I groaned as she tongued me. I shuddered here, whimpering at what she did to me.

That's it, Heather, I moaned. Ooh, ooh, just like that! Suckle on my clit!

Yes, yes, make her cum, whimpered Tabitha. She chose you. She saw how special you are. Make her burst!

I will! Heather purred around my clit. Thank you so much for seeing potential in me. I won't let you down, Kylie! I won't!

She suckled on my clit with force. She nibbled on my bud. The pleasure rushed through me. It was quite a delight to nibble on her. I flicked my tongue around her pearl. She polished it with her hot tongue. Then she nibbled on me with her soft lips.

I trembled, the pleasure washed through me. This was just an amazing moment. I savored every last second of it. This was just an awesome moment. She suckled with all her might. I gasped and threw back my head.

Heather! I squealed as I climaxed.

Her father applauded her, his hands clapping together, as my pleasure surged through me. Rapture washed over my mind while my pussy juices drowned his daughter's mouth. My uniform rustled as I trembled through the bliss.

Heather licked and lapped at my juices. She stroked her tongue through my folds. I loved every last second of that ecstasy washing through me. Heather moaned into my cunt. She gripped my thighs as she licked at me.

Oh, oh, she moaned. I... I... Yes!

She climaxed, too. Tabitha was just so skilled at eating pussy.

I shuddered in delight as I climaxed. The ecstasy washed out of my spasming pussy. Heather moaned into my cunt. She lapped at me as she enjoyed her own rapture. It was so wonderful. I swayed there, my eyes squeezing shut.

Her father kept clapping, kept cheering her on. Such a supportive daddy. I trembled, loving every last second of the rapture sweeping through me. It peaked in me. This wonderful heat simmered through my mind. I hovered there, feeling so good.

Just so happy. It was an amazing moment. I was so happy to enjoy this bliss. I shuddered, sucking in delight as my orgasm died away. Heather licked at my pussy, moaning into me as she quivered through her bliss. I was so glad for her.

Ooh, that was so good, I said, my entire body buzzing. But now we have to buy an engagement ring. Master-Big Brother needs the perfect one to give to his Maid-Wife. Ooh, you'll like Bella. She's his best friend and just so perfect for him. She's his bodyguard, but we're his body servants.

Ooh, I get that, said Heather. We just are ready to serve him and feed him and clothe him and buy him things.

That's right, I said as Heather popped to her feet. She threw her arms around her neck and kissed me, my spicy pussy cream on her lips. That was so hot to taste.

She broke the kiss and said, Okay, let's figure out what's the perfect ring for Bella. We don't want to buy the wrong one. This one has to last her a lifetime.

That's right, I said as Heather darted around the counter and grabbed a tray of engagement rings out. She sat them down. It was time to find the perfect one. 

I would not let Master-Big Brother down. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lance Hayward

It wasn't much past noon when Mom went into labor to have our fourth daughter. Aunt Nancy and a few of the other maids whisked her away while I moved through the manor, supervising the cleaning and learning more about the Imprisoned.

There were over two hundred in the manor. Trapped in busts, paintings, statues, and even a few tapestries. The maids were moving around everywhere, all so eager to clean. All save Asuka. I found her in her room with her computers. She was typing on them, writing code. 

I left her to it.

From time to time, I would reward a maid. I fucked Deidre in the ass on the second floor. Ms. Docea sucked my dick clean on the third. I left a big load of cum in Deborah's pussy on the first floor. I picked them at random. Just giving them encouragement and the power they needed to keep the Imprisoned under control.

I swear I saw Bella cleaning the Gizzamuluke's painting twice.

I hated that Imprisoned. He had almost raped my little sister that first night here. Raped and eaten her. These things were foul and disgusting. They all had to be locked up. Any of them who made it through the barrier.

I checked on the Seductress. She was bound by her gold manacles and being fucked by Sister Martha Ruth, the Nun-Maid pounding my mother's dark twin with the golden dildo. The Demon-Maid had red welts across her ass.

You dirty monster! hissed Sister Martha Ruth. 

SLAP! 

Her hand smacked down on the Demon-Maid's rump, leaving a bright handprint. The Seductress moaned, her all-black eyes rolling back in her head with such passion on her face.

Such a dirty monster, she moaned. I was so bad. Keep hurting me. I deserve it!

Sister Martha Ruth drew back her hand. 

SLAP!

The Seductress was in hand, so I checked in on Mom. She had our new daughter Delilah. That was wonderful. I felt good as I moved down through the palace. I was heading to check out the ballroom and see how things were going there when Cali appeared.

My purple-eyed maid said, Your sister returns with a new maid.

Oh, good, I said. My stomach squirmed. Now that I knew our fate, I felt some guilt about adding new maids. I was forcing women to this fate, but it was for the world. I had seen the madness of the Otherworld. 

I would not let it infect our world.

I followed Cali through the first floor. We passed Seo-Yun cleaning the statue of a man with bent shoulders and fat tears spilling down his cheeks. He held a dagger in his hand. The Masseuse-Maid paused to curtsy.

Master, she purred.

I squeezed her ass, slipping my hand up beneath her skirt. She smiled at that. Her massage with Ji-Woo had been delicious in the cottage back in the Otherworld. I was glad that Aunt Nancy had recruited them. Different skills were important.

In the foyer, Cali opened the doors as a black sedan pulled up. The Uber since Kylie was too young to have her driver's license. Kylie then the new maid followed by Tabitha piled out of the car. They all rushed up to me, the new maid wearing white tennis shoes and nothing else, her round boobs jiggling. She had brown hair and a cute face. She was my age.

This is Heather, said Kylie as she rushed up the steps. She reached into her bodice and pulled out a black box. A ring box. She slipped it to me. Bella's going to love this.

Thanks, I said. I turned to Cali and pushed it into her cleavage. We'll need that for after dinner.

Yes, Master, my purple-eyed maid said. She glanced at Heather. You are sharing room 15 with Chastity. Your uniform is already in there, though... She grabbed my hard cock, stroking it. Our Master's lance is always eager to plunge into new maids.

Cali turned and swept off to do whatever it was she did. Probably maintaining the Hay and the Manor. My little sister stepped up before me, her black pigtails framing her cute face. She arched an eyebrow at me.

Does Cali seem a little less... uptight? she asked.

Maybe, I said as Cali headed through the door that led toward the kitchen. 

Well, this is Heather, said Kylie. She is a virgin, and we have to change that. She's been saving herself for you.

I have, Master Lance, Heather said, such awe in her hazel eyes. I never knew it, but it all made so much sense when I saw the pink garter. I was destined to be yours. The Almighty wanted it.

Well, I said, glancing at Kylie then at Tabitha. Sadly, I couldn't pleasure all three at once, and my sister... She was my sister. Let's fix that. Follow.

I turned and headed up the stairs. I did stroll around naked. There didn't seem to be much point in going clothed. Sure, my maids did, but it was super hot seeing them flounce around in their skimpy uniforms. When they bent over, they flashed their pussies and asses at me. The more endowed maids looked like they were about to pop out of their dresses.

Kylie and Tabitha were whispering to Heather about the Imprisoned and the Hay, talking about our adventures in the Otherworld. Heather gasped in horror or in joy at the appropriate spots. I rolled my eyes. We reached the third floor.

Master, my Maid-Wife cooed as she rubbed polish into the Gizzamuluke's frame. I see we have a new maid.

Just showing her to her new room, I said, patting my Maid-Wife's ass as I strode by.
By breaking in her bed? Bella asked with amusement.

And her cherry, said Kylie as she passed. 

I smiled as I headed to room 15. The odd ones were on the south side of the manor. I pushed it open. It had a bed in the center with a dresser on either side. Along with doors that connected it to the neighboring rooms and a third door that led to the servant's passageway. On the inside of the hallway door, was the glyph.

When this door was closed, nothing evil could get past it. Quarantine for the living areas of the house. Though with the number of maids we had now, we could be out after dark in the house. The Imprisoned were kept clean. We were even having meals now in the dining room and using the kitchen to clean.

But if I had to go out and leave behind a skeleton crew, they would be safe.

I fell on the bed, my cock smacking into my stomach. I smiled at the maids. Kylie, come sit on my face. You were a good little sister. I know you picked out a perfect ring.

She'll love it, Master-Big Brother! My sister jumped on the bed, landing on her knees. Her skirt flared up for a moment, flashing a hint of her black bush. She crawled up the bed and straddled me. Her skirt fell around my head, plunging me into a warm darkness.

I breathed in her spicy musk.

Now, Heather, you get to go for a ride, my little sister said as she planted her pussy right on my face. Her furred muff tickled my lips. I licked at her. My little sister squealed in delight, Master-Big Brother! Yes! Yes!

Ooh, I am so eager for this, Master Lance, Heather said as I felt her scrambling on the bed. She straddled me. She grabbed my cock and lifted me to her pussy. So I just press him against here, right, Kylie? Heather rubbed the tip of my cock into her furred muff, her curls tickling me before her wet folds kissed the crown of my dick.

That's right, Kylie said as she squirmed on my face. Then you just press down on him and pop your cherry. After that, you ride him. It's so much fun!

So much fun, Tabitha moaned as she watched.

Okay, Heather said, pushing her twat down on me. Her pussy lips parted to reveal her hymen. I felt the thin membrane. She bore down on me, her maidenhead stretching and stretching. She groaned before she gasped out, Master!

Her cherry popped.

Her pussy plunged halfway down my cock. She squealed in delight, her hot and silky flesh massaging my shaft. Her deflowered twat squeezed about me, the pleasure radiating down my cock and soaking my balls. I moaned into my little sister's spicy maid.

I lapped at my Sister-Maid as my new Virgin-Maid slid down the second half of my cock. Heather whimpered the entire way down. Then she gasped in delight. She took all of my cock. She felt so amazing around my cock. She bottomed out on me.

Master Lance, she moaned. Oh, wow, I took all of you!

Your mother would be so proud, Tabitha said, her hands clapping together. Isn't that amazing!

I know she is. The new maid clamped her deflowered pussy around my cock. Oh, Master, I'm so happy to make my mom proud. And my dad, too. I'll be the best maid!

She slid her cunt up my cock. She gripped me with that hot shaft. I moaned into my sister's pussy. I lapped at her taboo depths, loving that I could feast on her or my mom or my daughters. All the women in my family were mine to enjoy.

I swirled around in my sister's twat. I licked and lapped at her with hunger. I caressed her with passion. She gasped as I did that. She squirmed on me, smearing her cunt across my mouth. I loved the spicy flavor of her as the former virgin slid her cunt up my cock.

Heather moaned her delight as she worked her pussy up and up my dick. She reached the pinnacle and squealed as she plunged back down me. I groaned into my little sister's cunt as I enjoyed that hot twat massaging my shaft.

Fuck, I groaned. Oh, fuck, that's so good!

I'm so glad that you love my pussy, Master, moaned Heather as she worked her cunt up and down me. Ooh, ooh, I just want to be the best maid I can be!

You are! Kylie moaned and shifted on my face, pressing her pussy tighter on my lips. Her clit rubbed across my mouth. You are!

The sound of lips smacking together, of two maids kissing, made me smile. I licked at my sister's cunt as she made out with Heather. The new maid worked her cunt up and down my cock. She gripped me. Massaged me. She drove me wild with that hot pussy.

I loved how she massaged me with her cunt. She worked her twat up and down my dick. She massaged me with that wonderful cunt. It was a delicious sensation. I savored every last second of that delicious snatch riding me.

My tongue danced around my sister's clit. She moaned into the new maid's lips. 

Heather gripped me with her hot twat. She held me tight as she worked up and down me. She massaged me with that hot snatch. I loved every last second of her cunt working up and down me. It was a delight to have her doing that to me. I shuddered, savoring her twat massaging me like that.
Damn, I groaned into my Sister-Maid's cunt. Oh, damn, that's good.

Yes, yes, ride him, squealed Kylie. She straightened again. Ooh, just work that hot twat up and down his dick. You have to make him cum!

I will, Kylie! gasped Heather, her hot twat squeezing about me.

She had such a delicious grip on my cock. I loved how she did that. I savored how she worked her delicious snatch up and down my dick. The pressure grew and grew at the tip of my cock. She massaged my aching crown. That was so hot to feel. I loved it. I savored it.

Heather rode me faster. She gasped and moaned, her virgin pussy building me toward that wonderful moment. I loved it so much. I hurtled closer and closer to that moment when I would erupt. I would flood her with my cum.

Maybe breed her.

Yes, yes, yes, gasped Kylie as she squirmed on me. Ooh, ooh, that's so good. That's just fantastic. I love it so much, Master Big Brother! I'm going to drown you!

Drown our Master! gasped Tabitha. Ooh, drown him, Kylie! And Heather, your pussy exists to make Master cum. To take his seed in you!

Yes, yes, Master! whimpered Heather. She plunged her twat down my dick. Ooh, ooh, that's so good. I love it. I love it so much!

I couldn't take much more of this. I suckled on my little sister's clit. I nursed on her bud, her furred muff rubbing on my lips. I loved that. I nibbled on her little pearl. She gasped as I did that. Her skirt rustled around my head.

I suckled hard on my little sister as Heather moaned, working her cunt up and down my cock. Her hot and silky sheath massaged me. The ache at the tip of my dick demanded relief. I had to erupt. I moaned around my sister's clit.

Oh, your cock, Master! gasped Heather. It's massaging me. And... and... Yes!

Her pussy plunged down my cock. She took every inch of me. She gasped as her pussy convulsed around my dick. Her hot flesh suckled at me. She nursed at me with all that wonderful flesh. I groaned as she rippled around my cock. I moaned around my sister's clit. I suckled hard.

Master-Big Brother! squealed Kylie.

Her spicy juices gushed out and bathed my mouth. I groaned as I drank down all her juices. I loved them gushing out of me. It was just such a wonderful moment to drink her pussy cream while Heather's cunt sucked at my dick. My nuts tightened. The ache burst at the tip of my cock.

Fuck! I groaned and erupted into Heather's pussy.

I flooded the new maid's cunt with my cum. She gasped in joy as her twat rippled around me. She suckled at me as I pumped blast after blast of cum onto her snatch. I filled her up with all that cum. I unloaded in her over and over again. 

It was a fantastic rush to have her blissful flesh spasming around my erupting cock. It was just an absolute thrill to flood her with cum. Ecstasy slammed through me. I shuddered with each eruption of cum into her twat. I filled her to the brim.

Master, your cum! whimpered Heather.

You're just so lucky to be his, my sister moaned as she ground her twat into my face. 

I loved this moment. I savored it. Every second of cumming in her pussy sent more ecstasy shooting through me. Heather's pussy suckled at me. She worked out the last blast of cum. I groaned with each eruption.

I felt so good. Just so amazing. I loved that my little sister had found me an engagement ring. She needed more of a reward. Maybe I would fill her womb with my baby this time. That would be hot to breed her. 

Kylie, clean out her pussy, I said. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kylie Hayward

I buried my face into Heather's snatch and licked up my big brother's salty cum from her spicy pussy. She tasted a lot like me. That was neat. I stroked through her folds again as Tabitha planted her pussy right on Heather's face.

Oh, that's good, Tabitha said as she squirmed on Heather's face.

So good, Heather moaned. Oh, Tabitha, you taste yummy!

So do you, I moaned and licked up more cum and spicy cream.

Master Big Brother flipped up my skirt and pressed his dick into my pussy. I'm going to knock you up, Kylie. I'm going to breed you for being a good sister.

I squealed in delight, so happy I couldn't say anything else. This was just so amazing. I so wanted to have his baby like Mom and Bella were. I would love, love, love to have my belly swelling with his child. His daughter.

Thought you'd like that, Master-Big Brother said as he thrust his cock into my pussy.

His flesh lance buried so deep into my cunt. I loved the feel of his shaft stretching me out. It was a wonderful moment. A trembled and squeezed my twat down on his dick. I loved how amazing this felt. He had such a big cock. His nuts slapped into my bush.

I trembled as Master-Big Brother drew back his cock. I tongued his cum out of Heather's pussy as he thrust back into me. He slammed his big dick into my pussy. It was such a good delight to have him burying into me. He slammed to the hilt in my snatch. It was fantastic to have him fucking my pussy. I savored that wonderful moment when he fucked me. 

I'm going to knock you up, Kylie, my big brother said. I'm going to seed your womb!

Do it, please, Master Big Brother! I moaned into Heather's sloppy twat.

Yes, yes, please, please, knock her up, Master, Tabitha moaned. My BFF had my back.

Master Big Brother pumped away at my fertile pussy. It was such a taboo rush to have him in me. Fucking me. I loved the feel of his big dick thrusting in and out of me. I quivered and licked up the cum that spilled out of Heather's pussy.

Her spicy cream mixed with the salty cum. I squeezed my cunt down on that big dick fucking into me. Master hammered me hard and fast. He churned me up with that big cock. He fucked into me with hard strokes.

It was a fabulous rush to have that thick shaft fucking me. I groaned at that hard cock burying to the hilt in my pussy as I feasted on his cum from Heather's twat. He grunted as he churned me up. He brought me closer and closer to cumming.

Closer and closer to being bred.

Tabitha whimpered as she rode Heather's face. My blonde BFF smiled at me as she ground her twat on Heather's lips. Tabitha was so happy for me. She wanted me to have a big climax and milk out all of our Master's cum.

Damn, groaned my big brother as he fucked his cock to the hilt in me. Oh, damn, that's so good. That's fantastic!

He buried to the hilt in me. He fucked me with such force. He plowed deep and hard into my cunt. He fucked me with such passion. I savored the feel of his cock plowing to the hilt in me. He fucked into my snatch with just such passion. Such force.

I squeezed my cunt down around him. I loved how great he felt. How wonderful it was to have his dick fucking me. He buried into me with such passion. My big brother rammed his incestuous cock onto my pussy and groaned.

Ooh, ooh, ooh, I moaned and thrust my tongue into Heather's pussy to find more of his cum.

I swirled around in her spicy depths as my brother pumped away at me. I scooped out all the salty jizz I could. There was less and less of it. Master Big Brother pounded me hard. I whimpered and quested for more of his cum.

I found one more dollop in Heather's spicy cum. Just one more. I shuddered, my orgasm building so fast. I licked at her twat with hunger, gathering up her juices. My big brother grunted as he fucked my cunt. He loved what he did to me.

He pounded my tight and fertile pussy with such passion. Master Big Brother was breeding me!

I squeezed my cunt down on his thrusting cock as I suckled hard on Heather's clit. I nursed on her, the surge of excitement rushing through me. This was such a magical moment It was just fantastic to have him pounding me.

I loved it so much. He thrust to the hilt in my pussy. He fucked me with such force. I loved him thrusting to the hilt in me again and again. He buried into me with all that force. All that vigor. It was magical to feel him.

Cum in me, Master-Big Brother! I moaned into Heather's pussy.

Let me feel that pussy cum around me! he growled as he thrust into me.

I squeezed my pussy down on that big dick. I reveled in that huge cock fucking me so hard. I shuddered, loving every last inch of his lance. I suckled on Heather's clit with force. I enjoyed this so much. I loved every last second of this big cock burying into me. 

It was powerful. Magical. 

Oh, yes! I gasped into Heather's pussy.

My twat spasmed around my big brother's thrusting cock. I suckled at him as I moaned into Heather's pussy. I squealed around her clit. She gasped and her spicy cream gushed out. She bathed me in her passion as my cunt worshiped Master Big Brother's dick.

Oh, Kylie! she moaned. Oh, yes, yes, Kylie! 

Heather! Tabitha moaned, her head throwing back. Her blonde hair danced as she drowned the new maid in pussy cream.

My big brother kept fucking me with his mighty lance. He buried hard into my writhing cunt, grunting. I needed his cum in me. I shuddered, my mind drowning in the rapture gushing through me. So much bliss swept through me.

Breed me, please, Master-Big Brother! I squealed as he plowed into me. Please, please, please!

Yes! he snarled and buried to the hilt in my pussy. He erupted.

I shuddered as his hot cum pumped over and over into my pussy. I loved his seed bathing my womb. He filled me to the brim with his cum. All his jizz just flooded me. It was so wild to feel that wonderful heat surging through me. 

I burst with more pleasure as my cunt rippled around his cock. I bathed in Heather's juices as my brother pumped me full of his seed. I groaned, feeling his power surging through me. I felt him breeding me. It was so amazing. I just knew I would have his daughter.

Master-Big Brother! I cried.

Kylie, he grunted as he pumped me full of all his incestuous love.

I rubbed my face into Heather's pussy, just so glad that I could be here with her. I loved the feel of her against me. She squeezed her thighs around my face. She held me tight to her snatch. It was perfect to enjoy.

I was so happy. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lance Hayward

Master-Daddy, whimpered Delilah. My newest daughter's pussy rippled around my cock. She sat on the dining room table, everyone ready for the meal. 

My newest Daughter-Maid had blonde hair like our mother, her eyes brown like my father's. She quivered there, her pussy milking out the last of my cum. I groaned as I filled her up. She shuddered there, her round boobs jiggling. She was naked save for her white garter.

It was a great day.

Mmm, you're another of my precious Daughter-Maids, Delilah, I said.

Thank you, Master-Daddy, she cooed, her voice angelic. She looked so much like a younger version of our mother. 

She is such a good girl, Mom said as she came out with the roast. And her sisters made an excellent dinner.

We know all your recipes, Mom, Chastity said as she came out with a big bowl of mashed potatoes.

That's right, Delilah said. 

She shuddered as I pulled out of her pussy. I panted and sat down at the head of the table. Bella took the seat to my right and Kylie to my left. The other maids were sitting down to eat. This was a special dinner.

Cali stood behind me and to my left, the engagement ring tucked into her bodice. I couldn't wait. I was already married to Bella spiritually, but now it would become more official. The first step to seeing her in a special maid's wedding dress.

I'd have Cali design one for her. She would be so beautiful in it with her veil. Like the one Opal still wore. My Bride-Maid was sitting a few seats down from Bella, chatting with Ji-Woo. It was good that the various maids got along.

It would not be good if they were forming cliques.

We're missing someone, I said, scanning down the table. Heather was in her new uniform and sitting between Tabitha and Izzy. Sister Martha Ruth was here, as were Marsha and Abigail. Mrs. Johnson and Principal White, Janiqua, Brenda, Zeta, Rashimi, Gloria, Carla, Felicity, Angela, Virginia, and more. But... Is Asuka not here?

She burst in a moment later and found an empty spot. She pulled out her phone and was tapping at the screen. I sighed. She was lost in making her predictive algorithm for the harem so we could get some warning when bad things were crossing over.

Hopefully.

Dinner was delicious. Champagne was served. Everyone but Bella drank that. She just had sparkling cider. It was a festive mood. Angela and Delilah jumped up and rushed out to get the cake I had them bake. I was surprised Delilah knew about it, but...

She did have our mother's memories so she must know about this stuff. Or they told her. It was a tad confusing.

They rolled out the white cake. It had three layers to it. That was impressive and covered in frosting. My three Daughter-Maids had been busy. Everyone oohed and aahed over the cake. Bella smiled as I stood.

Cali, I said.

She thrust her chest out at me. I thrust my hand in, my back to Bella. I pulled it out, this nervous wave of excitement washing through me. This was it. The moment of truth. I knew she would say yes, and yet...

I swallowed.

I turned around. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Bella Hayward

Oh, that's lovely, I said as Lance pawed around in Cali's cleavage. My Master-Husband had arranged a feast to celebrate his return. I was so glad.

Kylie had a super-huge grin on her face.

What? I asked her.

She just giggled and bounced in her seat. 

Then Mrs. Hayward had her phone out and she was recording Lance turning around and coming toward me. I felt this weird hum of excitement through the air. My breath caught. I didn't get what was happening, and yet...

I found myself standing up as Lance reached me, his hand suspiciously behind his back. Master?

These hopeful, joyous tears were in my eyes. He couldn't be doing that. We were married. When he put the yellow garter on me, I became his Maid-Wife. He claimed me for that very important role. Me. His best friend and almost girlfriend.

But he was on his knees.

I fanned my face. Mom was suddenly behind me with her phone out, too. The entire harem had caught their breath. I struggled to breathe. This was really happening. I couldn't believe it. Lance stared up at me on one knee. He took my left hand.

Bella, he said, his thumb rubbing across the back of my hand and knuckles, I've known you since we were kids. I can't remember a time when we weren't hanging out. Playing tag. Climbing trees and riding bikes and playing video games together. Remember when we stayed up all night and finally beat Dark Souls.

I nodded. 

Well... He unveiled what was behind his back. A black box. I mean, I've always loved you. I know we were in that awkward stage just a while ago. Not sure if we should go from being more than friends, but I wanted to. I'm glad we did, because...

He used his thumb to open the box.

Inside the white felt was nestled a platinum band with a large diamond set in it. Smaller, yellow diamonds were set into the ring itself, flanking the larger gemstone. My heart pounded so fast. The entire harem crowded around us, watching.

Well, he said, and pulled the ring from the case. Will you be my wife?

Yes, I breathed. It came out a whisper because of the tension. Yes, yes, yes, Lance! I'll be your wife, Master!

My left hand trembled as the tears built in the corners of my eyes. He slid the ring onto my finger. I shivered like I had when he put on the garter. It felt the same. A circle that was an endless promise to be his wife, not just his maid.

He seated it and smiled. He kissed the ring then rose and cupped my face.

I love you, he said.

His lips met mine.

The entire harem erupted into wild cheers.

The claps and squeals and gasps echoed around us. I heard so many congratulations to Lance and to me. To us both. I held him tight, the tears spilling down my cheek as we kissed with such passion. With such love.

I was his Maid-Wife for real.

He broke the kiss and said, We're going to have a ceremony and everything. Do it properly. Legally. You're going to be my wife, Bella.

I will, Lance, I whispered. It was so hard not to use Master, but he was more than that. He owned me, yes, but he also loved me. Treasured me. Many of the maids would never be more than the women he loved. They could not be special like some of us.

His mother. His sister. Even his aunt.

And me.

I was special.

I was Bella Hayward, wife of the Lord of Hayward Manor.

I kissed him again as such joy burst in my heart. I would be his wife for eternity. In this life and the next. I would never let my man, my Master, my husband go. I clutched to him with all my might as our family cheered around us.

To be continued...
