This is a work of fiction. All characters and events are imaginary. Any similarity with real life events is purely coincidental. Some of these stories contain erotic and often very violent and immoral content. To continue reading, you should be 18 years or older, and over the age of majority in your country. You should also understand the difference between fiction and reality. If any of these conditions do not apply, leave now.

----------------------------------------------------------------

Author: Doppelganger
Main website: http://www.asstr.org/~doppelganger/
Title: Safe Haven
Keywords: (MF, Mf, humil, tragic, viol)
Optional Keywords: (snuff)

----------------------------------------------------------------





This story is set in the world of "A Democratic Leader" <http://www.asstr.org/~doppelganger/a_democratic_leader.txt>. Read it to understand why the described events would be possible.

In two years from now, the "event" happens: a virus spreads over the world, killing 97% of the population in one year. Governments disappear, society sinks into chaos. Small groups of survivors live off food supplies, a few are able to work the land and produce more food.

July, two years after the event. Arkansas. A unit of the army survives in a former military complex. The government had fallen, there is no further higher authority, so the top command is a captain of the army. It is a force of 20 men, they have two tanks, several vehicles, plenty of ammo. There are also a few civilians. They have a well for water, but the food supplies are scarce. They have a stash of imperishable supplies that they consume very slowly, and a small plot of land and a greenhouse where they have managed to produce food. It allows them to survive, but without surplus, besides for the colonel and his inner circle (a lieutenant and two henchmen he specially trusts), who live relatively better and enjoy the few luxury commodities that remain.

The command imposed by the captain is harsh. Only people that has something to offer to the group can stay and benefit from the supplies. The armed men (mostly former soldiers, a few civilians that have been given weapons too) are considered useful by their own virtue, because they consider themselves the rightful owners of the military base, and that can provide defense against other groups (they have been attacked a few times). Besides, there are also a doctor, an electrical engineer and a mechanic, all deemed useful for obvious reasons. There are 5 women in the camp. Their main tasks are cooking and clean the base, which is a considerable work. Most of them also maintain sexual relationships with the men, not willingly, but with consent, as they know they have no other option, because it is also considered part of their “usefulness”. There is also another woman who sleeps only with the captain, she lives in better conditions than the others for this reason, but she has no power at all. There is also the girlfriend of one henchman and the wife and the son of the doctor,  who are respected for this reason, even though their use in the camp is smaller.

-------------

A group of people have been wandering around for months in a camping home, collecting food and water they find around. They are running out of supplies and they want to find a better shelter than the camping home. They see the army base, with the national flag flying on top, and they drive towards it, thinking they have found at last a remaining piece of civilization. 
