This is one of my first stories. (F/F, sleeping,)

I couldn't help myself....
by AprilFirez ( Aprilfirez@yahoo.com )
 
I couldn't help myself, I don't know what came over me. 
A few days ago my friend Lindsey called me up asking if I could help her out in a couple of days. She had an appointment to have some dental work done, serious enough that they were going to drug her and put her under while they were working on her. They had told her to have someone there to drive her home and to stay with her for the day just incase she had a bad reaction to the drugs or sleeping gas.  
Lindsey and I had been friends since high school, we were both in gymnastics together. I don't know what all they were doing but it took four hours for them to finely finish. Lindsey was so out of it, one of the guys at the orthodontist office helped me get her to the car and in her seatbelt and then told me to keep an eye on her and also told me she would probably be out of it and sleeping until the next morning. They hadn't planned it taking so long and having her under for that long. 
Once I got her home I was suppose to make sure she staid in bed and to check on her to make sure she didn't get a fever or sick. I wasn't sure what I was going to do once we got back to her place. Lindsey is five foot nine inches tall and very curvy. I mean she's not fat or anything, in fact she sort of looks like Cindy Crawford but with blond hair, and I'm petite, just five foot two inches and 105 pounds when wet. It was not going to be easy to get her from the car up a flight of stairs to her second floor apartment all by myself.  
In any case when we got to her apartment Lindsey was still really out of it, but putting her arm over my shoulder and practically having to crawl with her to get up the stairs, I would have been so embarrassed if anyone had seen us, we managed to get inside with out any help. 
Once inside her apartment she told me she really needed to go pee, and with her barely being able to stand I had to help her with that to. Getting her into that bathroom wasn't that bad, but holding her up and trying to get her pants and panties down was not an easy job and she sort of let loose before we got them down far enough. 
She was really not doing well at all, I felt so bad for her, and at the same time glad it wasn't me feeling the way she did. You could see she was just so dizzy and really in another world, not feeling good at all. When she finished going potty we managed to get her cleaned up and because she had wet her bottoms a little I just had her leave them on the floor in the bathroom.  
Again it was a chore to get her into bed and undressed. Her apartment had no air conditioning and it being such a hot summer day and so hard to get her out of her cloths in the first place, I decided not to even try to get her pajamas on, that she would probably sleep better and be more comfortable sleeping naked. She was out cold in no time. I found a fan and brought it to her bed room and had it blowing on her lightly, it was really a very warm day. 
I cleared off the love seat she had in her room and sat down with a book she had next to her bed so I could keep an eye on her.  I had never heard of Anne Rice before, the author of the book Lindsey had next to her bed and "oh my god" was it steamy, and yes it was having an effect on me. 
Like I said earlier it was a really warm day and when I looked up at Lindsey I could see she was sweating. The fan I had turned on wasn't really doing anything other then moving the hot humid air that was already there. Despite Lindsey being a sleep she still did not look all that comfortable and I must admit with as warm as it was I wasn't all that comfortable either. 
I went to the other room and got a cool bowl of water and a washcloth and brought it back to Lindsey's bedroom. I got the washcloth wet and put in on her forehead to help cool her down. Then realizing it probably wouldn't do much good on just her head I turned the fan right at her and then took the cloth and went over her whole body with it. 
As I looked at her and ran that cool damp cloth over her body I couldn't help but think about some of the things I had just read in that Anne Rice book. Like I said it did have an effect. I was really starting to get turned on. I started to feel a little guilty with the things that started to run through my head but I couldn't help myself. 
I know Lindsey is very much straight and she knew I was bisexual but despite my flirting in the past she has made it clear to me she wasn't into girls at all, and until that day I respected that in her. But as I ran that washcloth over her breast and saw the effect of the cool water and the blowing air from the fan, making her nipples get so hard. 
Even though she was still sleeping I could tell it was at least working as far as cooling her down and making her more comfortable. So I just kept running the cloth over her body. 
Despite being turned on and feeling a little guilty for what was going through my head I still tried to respect her and just went about rubbing the damp cloth over her body to keep her cool. To be honest, I was enjoying looking at her and feeling her body as I ran that cloth over her. As I ran the cloth down her leg and back up, (as far as I could tell she was still sleeping) she moved her leg, spreading them wide. I don't know if she had been dreaming or if it was because of what I was doing to her with the cloth, but I swear it was having a sexual effect on her. 
With her spreading her legs apart and being down by her legs I had a very good view of her pussy. If she was dreaming I think she must have been having an erotic dream because I could clearly see her pussy lips were swollen, her clit was pushing out a little and a little bit of a shinny sheen leaking from between her lips. She wasn't shaved but was trimmed and her pussy hair was almost invisible, so light in color, soft and fine looking. 
I knew she was a real blond but I believe her pussy was just added proof of that.  Up until that point I was really trying to respect her, but again I couldn't help myself. 
I ran that cool damp cloth over her pussy and cupped it with my hand pressing tightly.  I was startled when she moaned and moved suddenly, but she still didn't seem to wake up, but when she moved she bent her knees up and spread her legs even wider apart. 
My heart was beating so hard right then I think from the combination of being scared of getting caught and because of how turned on and excited I had gotten seeing her respond to my touch. I was so turned on, my own nipples were so hard they were aching and my pussy was feeling real warm. 
My mind ran wild, thinking about what I wanted to do and the risk involved if she were to wake up. I don't know if it would have been believable but at the time I came up in my horny delusional mind with some what of an excuse if she did wake up, so with that in mind I decided to go for it.  
I let go of her pussy and cloth and immediately got naked myself. My hand went straight to my own pussy trying to relieve some of the tension I was feeling. I brought my self close to an orgasm but I knew I wanted to explore and play more with Lindsey. 
Sort of testing to make sure she was still sleeping and also to see if she would wake up I sat down on the bed beside her, putting my hands on her large breast I squeezed hard. She didn't move so I went father in testing and grabbed each nipple and pinched them both real hard. 
She opened her mouth and took in a long deep breath, but she didn't open her eyes and didn't seem to wake up. With as hard as I pinched her nipples I was sure I could play with out waking her. 
My hands were all over her then softly exploring her body, her skin was so soft and perfect, other then a small birthmark on her right thigh her skin was flawless and velvety smooth. I very slowly pulled the damp washcloth off her pussy, slowly dragging it across her pussy. She responded by leaning her legs wider apart. I moved down between her legs, leaning down kissing her stomach between her belly button and above her pussy. 
I laid down resting on my elbows, the warm skin of her inner thighs touching my shoulders and arms. I reached up grabbing either side of her pussy and spreading it. My favorite color is pink and Lindsey's pussy spread open was such a delicate light shade of pink it looked so much like a flower. 
I figured she must use a body spray because she also smelt so sweet and fresh. Again it was obvious that my touch was having an effect on her because her wetness was very much visible. I moved in closer, putting my lips to her pussy, pushing my tongue out over her clit, tasting her for the first time.  I lost track of time as I continued, softly sucking her clit between my lips lightly brushing my tongue back and forth over her clit. 
I was surprised when I felt Lindsey's hands touch my head and push my face harder to her pussy. At first I was afraid she would be mad at me but her moans relieved my fears as I continued. With energized excitement I sucked harder then pushed my tongue out as far as I could, into her pussy, moving it around as I did. 
I heard Lindsey take a deep breath and her legs squeezed together against me, then felt her body spasm as her first orgasm washed over her. 
I didn't stop but instead opened my mouth wide over her pussy licking the length, from bottom to top and back again. She had gotten so wet both from her own juices and my mouth. 
After a bit I felt her spasms subside, her body relax, and I could hear her breathing hard. That's when I pushed two fingers deep inside her pussy and as I pushed them in she angled her hips up excepting my fingers inside her. 
I started out slow, but as time went on I sucked her clit in hard wrapping my lips around it tightly, flicking my tongue as fast as I could across the tip as my fingers moved in and out of her faster and faster lifting them up to rub the very top inside and squeezing her pussy between my fingers and my face, putting as much presser as I could with my fingers over her g-spot and still being able to move them in and out.  
Lindsey started to almost scream and was bucking her hips up and down as I continued, not relenting one bit, but just pushing harder and holding on as best as I could. Lindsey took a deep breath and let out a soft scream as her body went into spasms again with another orgasm. Her juices flowed so much this time that when her body relaxed again and she lowered her butt back down on the bed I noticed the bed had a large warm wet spot on it. 
I went to start in again licking her warm wetness, but she pushed me away. Breathing hard she softly spoke my name "April... please I don't think I can handle much more like that right now.." and she grabbed my hand pulling me up next to her. I was about to tell her I was sorry but I just couldn't help myself intending to tell her that the combination of the book she had and her laying there naked just took over, but she interrupted me as I stated to explain. She told me that if she had known that being with another girl could be that wonderful...  
Then she kissed me hugging me tightly to her warm soft smooth skin. We cuddled a little then drifted off to sleep holding each other, feeling each others warm bodies pressed together as we drifted off to sleep.

