Author: Nikki Heat
Title: The Invitation
Part: Chapter 3
Summary: A story about Nikki and her reintroduction to an old fetish
Keywords: Voy, Fbb, ped, cons, mast

This Is A Work Of Adult Fiction And Should Not Be Viewed By Minors.  I Am 
The Author Of This Text. Please Do Not Repost Without Contacting Me First. 
If You Are Forbidden From Reading Works With Sexual Content, Either Due To 
Age Or By Law, Please Do Not Continue.


The Invitation
Chapter 3

Note: If you have not read chapter 1, then please do so before proceeding.  This work is episodic and as such you might be missing out on the atmosphere created to fully enjoy the literature.  Thank you.



The next couple of days went by quicker than expected. Nikki thought at the time when she spoke with Phil, about Josh's party, that the three days until the flight would drag on. Work kept her busy enough though not to feel the sense of time.

She was going to fly out on Friday morning.

On Thursday, during work, a girlfriend asked her out to dinner with her fiance.  Lyn was a work colleague and Nikki clicked with her very quickly. They often enjoyed going shopping and hanging out after work.  Lyn was from mainland China and was very traditional.  Nikki enjoyed the contrast of culture between her and Lyn.  She enjoyed learning about her traditions as much as Lyn enjoyed being suprised by Nikki on her perspective on life.

Lyn wanted to have dinner with Nikki before she left as it would be a month before Nikki was back in the City.  This trip was booked back to back with multiple seminars and the only break Nikki was going to get is the weekend with Phil & Co.

"Where are we going?" Nikki asked Lyn who was leaning over the half length divider at Nikki's cubical.  Nikki worked for a Marketing firm as a "Creative Consultant" and the environment she worked was typical for an open office space.  Numerous desks seperated by glass dividers.

"I was thinking about Bok Yin Lao" Lyn answered, having planned it already in her head.

"Yum! I love that place, I haven't had Thai for a while" Nikki really enjoyed eastern cuisine.

Once work finished Nikki and Lyn were picked up by Dave, Lyn's fiance.  They drove to the Restaurant, Dave dropped them in front of the Restaurant and left to find a park for his car.  "I'll catch up with you two soon," he said kissing Lyn on her lips before driving off.

Nikki entered the restaurant behind Lyn who was greeted by one of the waitresses.  Lyn spoke to her in Mandarin and organized a table for three.  They were escorted to their seats and Nikki sat down.  She thought about how soon time had come and there was only a night left before her fantasies were made a reality.

Dave came into the restaurant not long after, Lyn greeting him with a smile and stroking his back as he sat down next to her.

"Did you find a good park baby?" She asked.

"Yeah its just around the block" he replied.

Nikki smiled at the wonderful couple in front of her and then looked around the restaurant.  She liked the atmosphere here.  The way the tables were sat out.  The place was big but the owners made a point not to overcrowd the area.  Plenty of room to move between tables and the service was excellent.  The waitress returned to ask for their order.  Lyn already knew what Nikki wanted so she ordered on her behalf.  Nikki trusted Lyn when it came to Thai food. Lyn knew about Nikki's culinary limits. Another waitress attended them whilst their order was being taken with a clear glass jar of ice chilled water.  Freshly cut lemon swimming around for taste.

This was a busy night for the restaurant yet there was never a fault with the attention the staff paid to any customers coming through the door.  The pace was professional and impecable.  No wonder so many families enjoyed the atmosphere.  It is always amazing being pampered.

Speaking of families, Nikki noticed a large chinese family sat across from them.  A row of three tables put together by the staff with the family all sitting around talking to each other and enjoying their steaming delicious food.  She instinctively took note of a couple of little chinese boys playing sat on the floor near their family.  She felt that familiar tickle around her clit watching the cute adorable children.  One was playing with a car while the other was flying a fighter jet.  A race car driver and a fighter pilot in the making, she thought to herself.  How cute!

Nikki was in her usual attire.  She was wearing a t-shirt that wrapped tightly around her firm slim figure, emphasizing her breasts.  She had on a half length denim jacket to keep her warm from the weather.  She was also wearing a short cotton skirt that showed off her long legs.  She was blessed with her mothers legs when it came to physique.  That woman had legs to die for.  Long and firm, well toned and the curves any man would love to take time licking from bottom to top.  Her skirt was short, stopping half way up her thighs.  She wasn't shy of showing her assets.  In fact she enjoyed the attention she got.  She had even noticed Dave looking up her legs trying to spy at her sweet spot when she got into the back seat of his car.  She pretended to ignore such looks, but got a personal satisfaction from them none the less.

Her cotton skirt crept up further with her sitting down and she realised just how wonderful the view would be to any man or boy if they were sitting where the two boys were.  She looked at them trying to guess how young they might be.  One seemed older than the other, although not by much.  The other was shorter in size but a lot more chubbier.  "How soft their skin must be," she thought to herself imagining rubbing her naked body against them.  The thought immediately starting to have an affect on her.  It was hard to tell their age.  They looked so young, almost infant-like.  But chinese people always have wonderful skin and so she thought they might be a little older than what she guessed.

The drinks arrived, the waitress placing a bottle of Heineken and a glass in front of Nikki.  She took a bottle opener out of her apron pocket and opened the beer bottle.  "Would you like to have it in the glass Miss?" she asked Nikki politely.

"No thanks," Nikki smiled back, noticing Lyn and Dave busy talking about some issue Dave was having with another department at his work.

Not really interested in his conversation she looked away again towards the boys.  The older, skinnier one happened to look up as he crashed his sports car against the foot of his mothers chair.  He made an explosion sound and pleased with his active imagination he scanned the floor looking to see if anyone picked up on it.  Nikki saw him look at her and their eyes locked together.  She smiled at him giving him a little wave with the tips of her fingers.  He saw the pretty white lady looking at him and smiled back somewhat coy and shy. Nikki gave him a quick wink.  He continued to play with his car but now kept looking back in her direction, feeling as though he had an audience to keep occupied. Nikki could tell that in his mind, she was his audience, but she wanted to turn that around and she saw the perfect opportunity.  The boy moved around rolling his car on the floor away from his family table.  She interrupted Dave's intense conversation and placed her hand on Lyn's arm talking to her.

"I'm just going to go to the restroom hon, be right back" she told Lyn.

"Ok.." Lyn asked, "Did you want something else? Are you ok?"

Nikki smiled back at Lyn, she was so sweet, "No I'm good thanks hon.  I won't be long"

She picked up her hand bag and got up from her seat.  She noticed the young stunt driver look at her as she got up from her seat, the expression on his face as though asking,"Where are you going?"

She started walking towards the restroom at the back of the restaurant which just-so happens to be in the direct path of the little boys.  She quickly scanned the grown ups sitting around who were all engrossed in their own conversations.  She was in the clear.

Nikki locked her eyes with her admirer and her movements changed slightly.  She put her alluring seductive stride on for the little boy and moved closer and closer towards him.  She saw her movement have the right affect as his gaze moved from admiring her pretty face, to admiring her long exposed legs. The skirt she wore didn't hug tight around her thighs so it allowed him to look up her legs a little further, almost providing a good couple more inches of skin for his curious eyes.  

Nikki walked right up to him, there was little room to move on either side of him.  At this point he was looking straight up at her.  A view any voyeur would eagerly cherish.  She gave him a cute little wave again, quickly checking that the adults were not looking.

"Hi" she said.

"Hi.." he replied almost as quickly.

"Excuse me.." She whispered back at him and then proceeded to carefully and cautiously step over him.  Her pace slow enough for him to see right up her skirt as her leg moved over him.  His eyes got the full grace of Nikki's inner thigh moving all the way up to her white thong.  He even noticed the folds of her thong pressing against her pussy as her lips pushed against the thin material. He saw it all. Unblocked direct view.  A view any young boy curious to know what sits between a the legs of a woman would strike gold with.

Nikki walked up to the door of the ladies restroom, she paused before entering and looked back at the little asian boy.  His gaze was fixated on her.  She smiled back at him invitingly and entered the restroom.

She walked up to the wash basin, placing her hand bag next to the sink.  She looked at herself in the mirror, her heart racing with lust.  She cherished every little part of that moment.  The look on his cute little face as she stepped over him, his eyes widening as he got an eye full between her legs. Flashes of his reaction crowded her thoughts.  She felt herself getting really wet.  She could feel herself getting warm.  She fanned her somewhat flushed face with her right hand breathing out, grinning back at her own reflection.

Nikki picked up her hand bag and walked into a spare cubical.  She closed the door and proceeded to take her thong off.  Sliding them down her legs she pulled it away from the heel of her shoe on her left foot.  She saw the patch of her wet moist sex glistening on the underside of her thong.  She placed the underwear in her bag, her pussy heating up in excitement.  She took a deep breath and opened the door of the cubical, walking out of the restroom.

She was glad to see the boy still sitting and she noticed he was quick to catch sight of her reappearing again from the restroom.  She smiled back at him and he did the same.  He then tapped on the arm of the younger chubbier boy, getting his attention.  He motioned towards Nikki for the younger boy to look.  Obviously in the time Nikki was in the restroom her exploit was discussed between the two.  This was going to be good, she thought as she started walking towards them again.

Nikki quickly took note of the adults again, ensuring there was no one looking to notice her interaction with the kids.  She stepped up to the older boy, he greeted her with a smile from ear to ear, looking straight up at her again.  She thought it cute that he wouldn't move.  Naturally anyone would get out of the way knowing they were sitting in the way of someone, but not this young man.  He was smart.

She gave him a smile approving his arrogance as though telling him she knew exactly what he wanted.  Again she carefully stepped over him but she placed her legs wider apart, towards his younger friend or brother. She couldn't be sure of course if they were related.  She stepped in that direction deliberately so that her next step would have to be over the other boy.  As she stepped over the first, she kept note of his reaction.  He did just the same as before, not letting his gaze faulter from anywhere but up her legs. He traced her inner thigh again, his stare moving upwards then he noticed the white underwear the pretty lady was wearing was no longer there.  Instead he got an eyefull of the slit between her pussy lips.  He saw the patch of fur above what appeared to be a little button as well. Nikki heard a soft gasp escape his lips as he saw her adult pussy in full view between her parted legs.

Pausing for just a couple of seconds so not to draw attention Nikki then moved to do the same with the younger boy.  His reaction was equally as satisfying to Nikki.  This cute little fellow actually lost his grip on his fighter plane as he looked directly above himself, watching the grown woman move over him carefully and slowly.  Her legs open showing her inner thigh and her pussy in full view.

She softly giggled to herself as she saw him drop his toy and walked back to her seat.

"Everything ok?" Lyn asked.

"Oh yeah," Nikki looked in the direction of the boys, both their faces showing a stunned expression, their mouth slightly open probably dry needing a drink.  She doubted they even blinked in the time she left their area and got to her chair.

"Everything is just fine" she replied to Lyn.

They enjoyed their meal and through that time Nikki made sure the way she sat gave the boys something really attractive to look at.  She loved putting on a show knowing the corruption she was inflicting in the dull limitations imposed by society.  She sat with her right leg crossed over her left thigh so the boys would get a great view of the under sides of her legs. The boys took all the opportunity that got to perv at her legs.  She would occassionally open her thighs and move both her knees to face them so that they could look straight up between her legs all whilst skillfully carrying a conversation with Dave and Lyn.

The chinese family departed shortly afterwards while Nikki was still having her dinner.  Both the boys kept their sight firmly locked onto Nikki and she smiled at them both as they walked past.  They turned and kept looking at her as they exited the restaurant.

When dinner was finished and Nikki was dropped back at her home she walked inside closing the door behind her.  She locked the door and placed her hand bag on the foyer table.  She opened it up and took out her thong, bringing it to her face, smelling her own sex.

Memories of her tease with the chinese boys still fresh in her mind.  Her pussy hot for attention, her clit pulsing to be picked and pulled.  She felt high from the whole thing. She had to get off on it before she exploded.

Nikki placed the thong on top of her bag and placed her left hand on the wall, supporting herself as she leaned slightly forward, her right hand quickly finding its way between her legs.  She imagined herself back in the rest room of the restaurant but this time, the boy opening the door walking in when she was fanning her face. He looked up at her and smiled taking a few steps inside.  The door slowly going to a close but then stopped as the younger boy pushed against it from the outside, also entering the restroom.

She looked at their small frames, as she turned around, supporting her bottom against the basin.  The tall heels on her shoes emphasising her size in front of the two little boys. They both walk up towards her, admiring her from head to toe.

"Hi cutey," Nikki greets the older of the two.

"Hi," the boy repies.

"And who is this behind you?" Nikki asks.

"Xing, he's my little brother," the boy informs Nikki.

"Xing huh?  He is so cute. And what is your name sweety?" she asks.

"Yingpei" he mentions softly.

"Yingpei?," Nikki loved how soft he looked, "That is such a lovely name"

They both stood looking up at her.  Yingpei an inch shorter than her skirt line and his brother a couple inches shorter than that.  She saw them scanning her tall long legs.

"So Yingpei, I'm guessing you told your brother about what you saw?"

The boy nodded.

"And I'm guessing you want to see more huh?"

The boy nodded again.

Nikki moved to look at Xing.  "And do you want to see what your big brother saw as well?"

The boys chubby face smiled back at her nodding.

"Well... come closer then my sweet hearts," she invited them to her.

They walked up close to Nikki, both boys standing directly in front of her, Xing to her left and Yingpei to her right.  Nikki stepped her feet apart opening her legs.  Her cotton skirt raising slightly as the material opened to accomodate.  Both the boys saw her thong appear underneath as her thighs parted.  They both stepped closer pressing against each other to centre their view.  She smiled back watching their intense stare between her legs as she hooked a finger under her thong and pulled it to the side exposing her patch of fur and her pussy to full view of the two adolescent children.

Using her other hand she rubbed her clit then slid two of her fingers in between her slit pushing then inside herself.  She scooped her juices into her finger and rolled it out smearing her clit with the glistening liquid.  Her fluid almost creamy.

"Mmmmmm... look at all that cream!" Nikki looked down at Xing, "Does baby brother like cream?" she asked.

The little boy nodded back, his mouth open, his eyes fixated on her pussy, his lips dry.

"Does little baby brother wanna try some cream?" she teased.

Another nod with the same expression.

"This is a special sort of cream that I make for little boys like you and your brother.  It tastes different but I take a lot of care making this cream for you.  I really hope you like it." She told the boy suggesting that his opinion is very important to her.

"Come here baby... try some of my special cream..." she offered her pussy to the younger boy.

Xing stepped further in between her legs, easily fitting between her thighs.  Nikki held her skirt up looking down at his face.  He stands tip-toeing trying to reach her creamy and glistening pussy with his mouth but isn't able to reach.

"Here you go..." Nikki purred as she bent her knees lowering herself so that he won't need to spend himself.  The boy pushed out his tongue and licked, flicking his tongue over her clit.  Nikki's clit covered with her white gooey juice licked clean in a single swipe.  That made Nikki gasp for air and she moaned with pleasure, "Aaahhhhh.."

The boy rolled her fluid in his mouth tasting her on his taste buds...his big brother watching and listening for his approval.

"Mmmmmmm," the little boy responded liking the taste.

"Ohhh you like it!" Nikki exclaimed.  "That makes me very happy!," she looked at Yingpei, "Did you want to try some honey?"

Yingpei moved himself into position.

"Your little brother was too good at lapping that clean... you may have to get some from here..." Nikki pushed two of her fingers again into her slit fucking herself, scooping more of her sex out.  She pulled her fingers out parting them, opening her slit so that Yingpei can see the entrance of her pussy, "Right here... from this hole" she guided the little boy.

She lowered herself onto his mouth and he suprised her.  Yingpei wasn't as cautious of the taste.  There was already an approval from his little brother. The boy plugged his lips firmly around the opening to Nikki's vagina and started sucking on her.  He sucked on her hard as she felt the pressure just at the entrance on her inner walls.  She used her other hand, pulling her pussy lips wider apart, opening her vagina for the little boys hungry mouth.

"Ohhh Yingpei," she moaned and purred standing over the little boy.  She bent her knees a little more to try and relieve the pressure from his mouth but the boy kept at it.  He fed from her pussy without remorse. His young innocent mind only thinking of the delicious taste in his mouth and how much more he could get out of her if he sucked harder.  She let him eat and devour her respecting his innocence.  He didn't know she was uncomfortable, but then in his defence she was getting even more turned out from all this.  She loved being pushed to her limit and above all she loved providing to all of a boys needs, regardless of what they were.

Her thigh muscles contracted, her knees shook as she came hard into the little boys mouth.  He sucked furiously making squishing and suction noises darting his tongue to get as much as she had to offer greedily.

Nikki opened her eyes after her massive orgasm, her juices running down her inner thigh, the wall of her foyer staring back at her.  A picture frame with her parents looking at her from behind the glass covering.

Nikki bit her lower lip, "Sorry mum... sorry dad," she giggled and turned towards the hallway walking to her room.  She went straight into her en-suite and turned on the shower.

Stripping naked she got in and felt the hot water running down her back.  She leaned her head back letting the water wet her hair and run down her face all the while thinking just how perverted she will be with Josh and the other boys.  The plans swirling in her mind started to make her horny again.

She was going to teach and show all those boys how to use her like the obscene slut she is.  They were going to treat her raw, at least that is what her expectations were.

"Oh my God woman!!" she complained to herself, "You have got to calm yourself!" she laughed.

End of Chapter 3 


If you would like to get in touch for comments, suggestions and general feedback, please email me on:

asstrauth (at) gmail (dot) com

Thank you for reading.

   
