Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Bimbo App Chapter Five: Selling the Bimbo-MILF's Ass
Summary: Eric makes some extra money prostituting Mrs. Waters to some guys from his school!
Keywords: mF Ff fsolo mf mmmmF mmmF mFff mc inc oral creampie anal A2P DP exhib voy wife cuck inter gang pros

Copywrite 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to WRC264 for beta reading this!

Eric Murphy

I had just upgraded Mom to being a Kegel Expert Bimbo, my cock buried in her asshole. She had ridden me with that delicious anal sheath. Two of my other bimbos, Mrs. Waters and my little sister Cherry, were moaning in the background as they came. Tina wasn't, but she was at the end of the line, licking her mother's asshole.

Let me feel that pussy around my dick, Mommy, I groaned, wanting to feel my mother's upgraded cunt around my dick. I didn't care that I had just been in her asshole.

She was a slut now. She would do anything.

Okey-dokey, she said, a big smile on her face. She slid her asshole off my cock. I love having my cutesy wutesy son's big dicky wicky in my pussy wussy!

I rolled my eyes. She was adorable and naughty, but she could be so corny, too.

My dick popped out of her asshole. She grabbed it in her eager hand and shifted me to her blonde-furred muff. Her curls slid over the tip of my dirty dick. A moment later, her delicious pussy lips kissed the tip. I shuddered at that magical moment.

She pressed her cunt down my dick. Her wet flesh engulfed me. The whole that birthed me now devoured my dirty cock. Her juicy flesh polished my pole as she sank down me. Her cuntal walls squeezed and relaxed around me in a new way.

I gasped at the difference. Fuck, Mommy!

She froze. But I'm fucking you! Do you want me to stop?

No, no, I groaned. Sink down my cock and love my dick with your pussy, Mommy!

My pussy loves your dicky wicky! she cooed. Ooh, I love you so much! You're so big! She quivered as she sank down me more, her pussy walls rippling around me in such a controlled way. She knew what she was doing. She had skill at massaging cocks with her cunt now. You fill up Mommy so goody much! Yay!

She bottomed out in me.

I groaned as Mom's cunt clenched and relaxed around my dick. She wasn't riding me, but she was still massaging me. It was intense the way her pussy walls contracted around me. They rippled up me, stroking my dick in this new and exciting way.

I gasped in delight. My face contorted at the feel of her teasing me like that. She drove me wild as she buffed clean my dick with her hot snatch. The incestuous thrill of her pussy massaging around my cock sent delight racing through me. 

Holy shit! I gasped, my hands shooting up to grab Mom's tits. You're pussy is the best, Mommy! Just the fucking best!

Yay! she squealed, her rippling growing faster. Ooh, Mommy just loves, loves, loves your cock! So goody awesome! I love cock. Just love dick in my cunt. Dicks all day! Filling up my pussy! My vajayjay loves dickjay! Yay!

Fuck, I had to lock Mom down. I didn't want any guy but me in her pussy. This was my cunt to enjoy. I shuddered as her cunt rippled around me in such an exciting way. She just squirmed on me, her body twitching as she worked her pussy around me.

Her cuntal control was awesome. My bimbo mommy moaned and whimpered as she massaged my dick with her cunt. She polished my pole clean of her ass. I squeezed her big boobs, kneading those lush mounds as the pleasure built in me. 

I could just have her sit on me until the end of time. Just lie here and have her pussy milk my cock until I erupted over and over into her pussy. I would pump her full of my seed as I lay here. I groaned, my eyes rolling back in my head.

Fuck, you're awesome, Mommy! I groaned.

Yay! she squealed and clapped her hands. Ooh, ooh, so are you! My son's big cock is so yummy nummy in my pussy! She shuddered. So big and thick and long and big. Ooh, Mommy's gonna burst with yay-yay feelings!

Going to cum like a dirty whore on my dick? I asked.

I'm not dirty! she moaned. I'm clean, clean, clean! I showered today! And yesterday!

Yeah, you're a naughty whore who's going to cum on my dick! I pinched her nipples. Right!

Mommy will cum, cum, cum! She clapped her hands together and thrust them toward the ceiling like she was on a roller coaster. She wiggled her hips from side to side, her pussy walls rippling around my dick. Clenching and relaxing in such an exciting way. Boom! Just go boom on your dick! Oh, yes, yes, Mommy loves your dick! Loves, loves, loves!

I squirmed on the couch, savoring every moment of her cunt rippling around my cock. It was so exciting how she massaged me. Her flesh concentrated around the tip. Her body knew that was where she had to focus to make me explode.

She loved having cum in her pussy, too. She worked my cock, wanting to make me burst in her. I pinched her nipples as she trembled on me, her fingers twitching above her head. The other bimbos were moaning and gasping, having their own lezzie fun.

I didn't care. My bimbo-mommy's pussy had me totally enraptured. I savored how amazing she felt about me. How she could drive me wild without even riding me. I twisted her nipples. She whimpered, her face contorting in delight.

Mommy loves, loves, loves, she whimpered. Gonna cum, cum, cum!

That's right, I groaned. You're gonna cum, cum, cum! I want to feel you cumming on my cock, Mommy. I want to feel that pussy going wild around me!

She clapped her hands together as she massaged my dick with her pussy. She wiggled her hips back and forth, stirring her snatch around me. The pressure grew in my nuts. The need to cum ached at the tip of my cock being massaged by her rippling twat.

I shuddered as she massaged my dick with her cuntal walls. Her silky, taboo flesh rippled up from the base of my cock to the tip of it over and over again. Pleasure burst from the crown and shot down to my nuts. They brimmed with the cum I wanted to flood her womb.

I kneaded her tits as she whimpered, her face contorted. She moaned louder and louder. Her pussy grew hotter. Wetter. Her excitement mounted. I could feel it. She was about to burst. I wanted to feel her pussy convulsing around me in climax.

Cum, you dumb mommy-whore! I groaned. Let me feel that pussy going wild!

Yay! Mommy loves cumming! she gasped. Cumming on dicks is the bestest thingie in the world! Yay!

Her cunt convulsed around my dick.

This wasn't her kegel massage. This was her wild orgasm. There was no control now, just the heavenly spasms of a mommy-bimbo climaxing on my dick. I loved it. Her rippling flesh suckled at my cock with such hunger.

Cum in mommy! she moaned. Mommy loves cum in her vajayjay! Loves, loves, loves it!

Fuck, yes! I groaned, my nuts twitching. You fucking mommy-slut! Take it!

I erupted.

I pumped my mommy-bimbo full of my cum. I spurted over and over again. The forbidden rush surged through me and galloped over my mind. A stampede of ecstasy raced through me as I flooded her cunt with my seed.

Her pussy convulsed even harder. She bucked, her tits heaving over my head. Her blonde hair danced around her flushed face as I pumped my seed into her twat. I groaned, gripping her hips. My back arched into the couch.

Shit, yes! I gasped.

Yay! Yay! Yay! squealed Mommy. My son's cummy cum in my pussy puss!

She trembled on me as her cunt wrung my dick dry. I groaned, spurting over and over again. The heat raced through me. I groaned at the intensity of cumming in her pussy. It was an incredible rush. I shuddered, my dick unloading over and over in her until...

I fired that last blast of cum into her pussy. The heat settled down on me. A big smile spread on my lips as I enjoyed her cunt spasming around my dick a few times. Mommy groaned as she trembled over me. She licked her lips, looking so happy.

Damn, I groaned, savoring that heat. 

I heard the others gasping and groaning. I glanced to my right to see Mrs. Waters, Tina, and Cherry all kissing and fingering each other. My three other bimbos were so naughty. I grabbed my phone and picked it up, looking at their experience.

Mrs. Waters has leveled up. She was Level 1 and could get her first upgrade. Cherry was getting closer to Level 2, and Tina was about a third of the way there. I looked at the choices. I wanted something different for Mrs. Waters.

That left Oral Sex Bimbo, Anal Slut Bimbo, and DP Lover Bimbo. I smiled as I read the description for the last one: She loves a dick in both her holes!

Just the sort of description for my idea I had. I needed to make money, and why not use my bimbos. I wanted to keep a few to myself, but Mrs. Waters was a complete bitch to me. She had never liked me even before Tina and I had our falling out. 

So I made my choice. I made it so she craved a dick in both her holes. Mrs. Waters gasped and looked around. She whimpered. I could tell she was already needing to have two guys fuck her. Just use her pussy and asshole.

I smiled. She would get that.

Mommy, get off my dick, I said.

Do I have to? she pouted like a little girl. Her lower lips quivered.

Now, Mommy, I said. 

Fine, she huffed and slid her pussy up my cock. She trembled, her big boobs jiggling. She rose off me and stood. My cum spilled out of her bush and matted her curls. I sat up and glanced at my three other bimbos. Mom sat on the couch beside me. Mmm, but I have all your cummies in me!

I love cummies! my sister Cherry moaned, her new huge boobs bouncing as she turned to look.

Lick Mom clean, I said and stared at Mrs. Waters. And you, get your purse!

Me? Mrs. Waters asked, pointing at herself. Get my purse? I have a purse?

It's right behind you, I said. Turn and look. If you want to get fucked in both holes, get that purse!

Okey-dokey! she gasped and spotted her purse. She crawled to it as Cherry dropped to her knees before Mom and started licking. I got it! Mrs. Waters held up her purse in triumph, her big boobs jiggling. Yay!

Now bring it here and suck on my dick, I commanded. Tina, just masturbate!

I love you! Tina said as she thrust her hand between her thighs. The way she said it... Damn, I was falling for her more and more. 

I love you, too, I told her, smiling at her. Our relationship was mended. She was my bimbo-girlfriend now. 

Her bimbo-mommy reached me. The married Mrs. Waters thrust the purse at me before she grabbed my cock soaked in my mother's pussy juices. The naughty, married MILF engulfed my cock in a flash. She suckled on it with such joy.

She wiggled her rump back and forth as I groaned. Her warm, wet mouth suckled on me. It was fantastic to enjoy. I shuddered, gripping her purse. She bobbed her head up and down my dick, nursing on me with such hunger.

The bitch loved my dick. I savored the bimbo-bitch sucking on me. She nursed with passion. I bet she didn't blow her husband this way. I grinned as my dick throbbed in her mouth. I loved every moment of her tongue stroking around my cock.

She knew how to love my dick.

That's it, I groaned. That's fucking it, Mrs. Waters. I opened her purse. Shit!

I threw a package of tampons to the floor. Then some wet wipes. I snagged her wallet and drew it out, tossing the purse to join the other items. I unsnapped it and found her credit cards. I smiled and pulled the first one out.

I had some in-app purchases to make. Some Bimbo Crystals, though I could have sworn they were called Bimbo Gems when I first got them. Well, this App looked like it was still in its early phase. After all, I had gotten an early copy.

So there must be all sorts of balancing happening. Maybe they had changed the cost of a bimbo crystal?

No, it was still $50 for one. That was outrageous. Even with the best bundle deal of $475, you only got 10 Bimbo Crystals. It was fucking predatory. But this app was so amazing, it was so worth it to pay that much to do this to women.

My next bimbo would cost me 81 Bimbo Crystals, but I cared more about the locking feature. I didn't want Mommy, Cherry, or Tina fucking others. They were all mine. Every bimbo after that, though, would be earning her keep for me.

I started buying crystals. I punched in the card number, saved it, and put in the security code on the back. In a few minutes, I had maxed out that card and gained 30 Bimbo Crystals after spending $1425. Curious, I grabbed her purse and phone as she kept sucking on my dick.

She had a fraud alert from her bank. I texted them back that it wasn't fraud. I only got 2 more Bimbo Crystals out of that card. But she had others. 

Fuck, yes, I groaned as I used her next card to get a total of 28 more Bimbo Crystals. I savored her sucking on me as she bobbed her head. I had 63. I started locking my bimbos. Mom, Cherry, and Tina would never fuck another guy. 

DING!

I had gained another achievement: Chastity Belt King. For locking three bimbos to me. 
I leaned back, shuddering as Mom groaned beside me. She held Cherry's head to her pussy, my little sister munching on that cunt with such hunger. Mom's big boobs jiggled out of the corner of my eye.

Ooh, ooh, that's so yummy good! Tina moaned as she fingered her cunt. Oh, yay! I'm going to cum! Eric! Eric! I'm gonna cum! Watch me cum! Please, please, watch me!

I'm watching, I groaned as I slid my hand through Mrs. Waters's brown hair. Oh, yes, I'm watching!

Her bimbo-mommy suckled hard on my cock as I watched my airhead girlfriend masturbating. Tina beamed at me, her fingers thrusting into her cunt. She trembled there, her round tits jiggling. The pressure grew and grew at the tip of my cock.

Mrs. Waters bobbed her head and suckled hard. She nursed on me with such hunger. She suckled with such passion on my dick. She was so naughty. I loved what she did to me. My balls tightened from the force of the married bimbo's sucking.

Shit, you're my hot-wife-slut now, I groaned. Going to be cheating on your husband as I whore you out, Mrs. Waters!

She stared up at me, her eyes wide with her eagerness. 

I winked at her as she bobbed her head. She suckled hard on me. She nursed with such passion on my dick. I loved it. My cock twitched and throbbed. The heat built and built with her hungry sucking. She bobbed her head, her nursing so great.

I loved every second of her suckling on me. She danced her tongue around my cock. She suckled on me with pure force. It was so awesome. I loved it. I savored it so much. The pressure in my balls swelled to the bursting point.

Watch me cum! Tina moaned. Yes, yes, watch me cum!

Ooh, I'm watching! Mommy gasped, her body quivering as Cherry licked at her.

Me, too, I groaned, Tina's fingers thrusting hard into her snatch. She ground the heel of her hand against her clit. Cum, Tina!

Yay! she squealed, and threw back her head.

She bucked there, cumming on her digits. A big smile spread on my lips as her mother suckled on me. She nursed with such passion on my dick. It was a fantastic passion. She suckled on me with everything that she had. 

I loved it. I savored every moment of her mother sucking on my dick as I watched Tina cum on her fingers. She bucked, her red hair dancing around her face. She arched her back, her round boobs bouncing.

Shit! I groaned and erupted into her mother's mouth.

The heat rushed through me as I pumped Mrs. Water's mouth full of my cum. She gulped it down. She swallowed every drop of my jizz that I fired. More and more of my cum erupted from my dick, stars dancing across my eyes.

Watch me! squealed Tina, bucking through her orgasm. I love it when you watch me! Love, love, love!

Fucking A, yes! I growled, spurting my cum into her mother's hungry mouth.

Oh, my baby girl! whimpered Mommy. My naughty baby cutie! Yes, yes, drink Mommy's pussy cream! Yay!

Mom bucked beside me as I pumped the last of my cum into Mrs. Water's mouth. I groaned as the MILF kept sucking on my dick. She nursed on me with all that effort. It was an incredible rush to have her loving me.

The bitch who had nothing good to say about me now loved my cock. She put her mouth to good use. I loved it. I savored the pleasure of this moment as she kept sucking on me like the idiot thought she could get more cum right away. 

Okay, let's get dressed, I said. But not you, Mrs. Waters. Tina! Mom! Cherry! Put some clothes on! Right now! We're going out!

But Eric! all three of the bimbos said, Cherry lifting her face from Mom's pussy.

Put on clothes! I said firmly to all three of them. Then we're going to go out and sell Mrs. Water's cunt and ass for money!

Yay! Tina cheered. Mommy's going to be sold! Woot!

Mrs. Waters popped her mouth off my cock. I need to be fucked, fucked, fucked. My holes are all itchy! My butt and my pussy and my butt! They need cocks!

And you're going to get cocks, I said, standing up. Come with me!

I led her upstairs, Mom and Cherry following. I left Tina to get dressed downstairs. Mrs. Waters followed me into Mom's bedroom. I opened her closet and found the trench coat I knew would be in there. I threw it at Mrs. Waters.

Put that on. And belt it closed. I smiled at her. You're going to give some guys quite the treat. They're going to pay me so well to fuck a fine-ass bimbo-MILF like you!

Whoopie! she squealed and bounced up and down, her big tits slapping together.

God, I loved this app.

Mom pulled on a tight crop top and a short skirt, no bra or panties. My sister came out of her room in a tank top that did not fit her new huge tits. The cloth stretched over her boobs and barely covered them, leaving her midriff bare. She had on a pair of booty shorts she liked, looking so happy. She grabbed my arm and snuggled up against me, a big smile on her face.

It's too small! she giggled. My boobies are so big! I love, love, love them!

Me, too, I said.

She squealed in delight.

Tina was downstairs in her jeans and t-shirt, her bra and panties discarded. She grabbed my other arm, so happy. Her eyes just twinkled with delight. I loved this. Our mothers followed us outside to my mom's minivan, the only car we owned.

I hated driving it.

I pushed up my glasses as I climbed in. Tina and Cherry both wanted to sit up front. They squeezed into the bucket seat together, their bodies so tight. Our bimbo-moms were in the back. I backed the minivan out of the driveway. 

If I did pick up a few more bimbosand I didn't even want to think how much my sixth would cost meI would need something with lots of space to drive them around. 

I headed to the basketball court on the edge of my high school. There were always some of the jocks playing pickup ball there. I could easily get them to buy Mrs. Waters. I wanted them to fuck her hard. I was in luck, there were five guys hanging out there: Alex, Jet, Rick, Brent, and Jamal.
I parked the car and said, Mom, Crystal, and Tina, you all have to stay in this car and pinch your nipples. The first one of you to cum gets a special reward.

The three of them squealed and started pinching their nipples through their tops, moaning and so eager to win. That should make sure they didn't wander off on me. I climbed out and used the remote to open the sliding door beside Mrs. Waters. She glanced at me, this burning need in her eyes.

Here, bitch, I said. Get out!

Yay! she squealed and climbed out, the trench coat rustling around her. I closed the side door with another push of the remote then locked the car for good measure. I led Mrs. Waters over to the basketball court.

The jocks glanced over at me. They rolled their eyes. Jamal, a tall Black guy, made a shot from the 3-point line. It bounced off the backboard and went in. Jet snagged it, dribbling as he glanced at me again. 

Piss off, Alex said. 

Rick chuckled while Brent smirked. Jet just dribbled while Jamal stretched his back, his eyes flicking to the MILF walking behind me. I took in a deep breath. They didn't like me, but I didn't care. If we could do business.

You sure? I asked as I reached the metal fence that went around the court. I have something you'll want to hear.

Alex snorted. Doubt that. Just fuck off and take your mommy with you.

She's not my mom, I said. She's my whore. Mrs. Waters, open that trench coat.

Sure thing! she said eagerly and unbelted the trench coat. She flung it open and flashed her gorgeous, naked body at them. Big boobs, curvy hips, and a brown bush dripping in her cream. All five of the guys gaped.

Shit, Rick said first. 

Jet messed up his dribble, the ball hitting his foot and bouncing off to the side. He didn't care. He just stared at those big, soft tits. I smiled as Alex grabbed the fence. Jamal wore a big grin as he strolled towards the fence. Brent licked his lips. 

Okay, you got our attention, freak, he said. Who the fuck is that?

Tina Waters's mother, I said. My bimbo-whore. I'll let the five of you fuck her for a $100 a go. I grinned. I'll take PayPal, Venmo, Zelle, crypto. However, you want to pay. I don't care. This slut will do anything for you.

Yes, yes, I love cocks in my holes! she moaned. My pussy and my butt and my cunt and my ass and my pussy! 

The five guys all groaned. They flicked their eyes up and down her body. How could they not? She was fantastic to look at. Just a foxy MILF. Mrs. Waters kept in great shape. She had a rocking bod. They lusted over her. Brent was drooling. Jamal grinning. Jet and Rick nodded. 

Fuck, Alex said. I'm in. You guys?

Hell fucking yeah, Jet said as Brent groaned, So in. A fucking MILF?

I fucking know Tina, groaned Rick. Always wanted to bang her, but now... Her mom? Fuck, that's hot. And she's got a wedding ring on.

Going to cuck her husband, Jamal said. 

Just how the fuck did you turn her into your whore? Eric asked. His eyes flicked past me. Do you got more bitches in that minivan?

Yep, I said. But those are my women. Only Mrs. Waters here is for sale. Want to fuck her or not? Who fucking cares why?

Yes, groaned Jet. Dudes, my place is nearby. Let's go there and run a train on this MILF ho-bag!

I've always wanted to ride a train! squealed Mrs. Waters. Choo-choo! All aboard! Yay!

Fuck, is she like an airhead or something? Jamal asked.

My bimbo-whore, I said. Close the trench coat, Mrs. Waters, and let's get going.

Do I have to, Mrs. Waters moaned. They're staring at my boobies. They like them. They make my pussy all wet and juicy and hot and wet! Oooh, will they fuck me?

Only if they pay, I said. Or we're going.

In a few minutes, I had $500 from them sent a few different ways. I didn't care. That Bimbo App took every fucking form of payment there was on the planet. It was so hot. I headed back to the minivan. I could get me another 10 bimbo crystals. It wasn't much, but, it was a start. I had ideas. Ways to make more money. And I hadn't maxed out Mrs. Waters's last two credit cards.

I checked my app and saw I had gotten another referral from the TikTok video. That brought me up to 6 crystals on hand. I smiled as I followed the five guys to Jet's house. He literally lived just two blocks from the school.

The guys were all grinning and laughing as they headed to the door. They nudged each other in the ribs as they watched me following with my four bimbos. Mrs. Waters playing with the belt of her robe, so wanting to get naked.

Okay, I said as we headed inside. You get Mrs. Waters, but the other three are all mine.

You sure? asked Jamal. He gripped his dick through his shorts. Maybe they'll want a taste of mine after they see it.

Eww, gross! Cherry gasped. I only want to taste my big brother! He's got the only yummy cummies there are!

Yes! Tina moaned and grabbed my other arm. She held me tight. Only Eric's. I love him oh, so much!

You fucking hated him in school, said Jet. You told me he was a creepy pervert that jerks off to the cheerleaders. I mean, who doesn't?

The other guys chuckled.

But now you're fucking glommed on him, Jet said. What the fuck did you do to these girls?

He gave us his cummies! Mom squealed. My son has the bestest dick and the biggest cock and the yummiest cum! I love his dick in my pussy flooding me and filling me up. Yummy!

Fuck, all five guys breathed. They stared at me like I was a god or something.

I grinned and brought my three bimbos to the couch and sat down. Have fun with Mrs. Waters. Fuck her hard and fast. She'll do it all!

Cocks? whimpered Mrs. Waters. You give me cocks now? I need them in me. Just fucking me and cumming in me and fucking me so hard!

That's right, I said as my dick got hard. Tina, why don't you suck me off. Show me how much you love me.

I love you oh, so much! she squealed. More than candy and chocolate and diamonds and the moon! That's how much I love, love, love you!

She didn't hug me. She instead ripped open my fly and pulled out my cock as the five guys watched. She swallowed my dick whole, her warm lips sliding over my crown and sealing about my shaft. I groaned as she suckled on me. She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down me.

Mrs. Waters quivered there as the five guys just couldn't look away from me getting my pole smoked by Tina. She was bobbing her head fast, nursing on me with such passion. Poor Mrs. Waters whimpered, her hands kneading her tits.

Fuck her, I groaned. You guys paid for it!

Yes, yes, fuck me! whimpered the horny bimbo-MILF. I need dicks in me right now! Please, please, fuck me! Fuck my wet pussy and my tight ass! I need cum!

The guys started tearing off their clothes. I didn't much want to see that, but then I thought of this like watching live porn. I grinned. I didn't have to download this off the internet. No visiting PornHub. This was all live before me.

Mrs. Waters quivered, surrounded by the five teenage guys. The MILF wiggled her hips back and forth. Her bush gleamed with her juices. I groaned as her daughter suckled hard on my dick. Tina bobbed her head, loving my cock.

Brent and Rick went for the MILF's tits. They both squeezed her boobs and suckled on her nipples. They nursed on them. She groaned, her back arching. I wondered if there was a way to make the bimbos lactate. That would be hot.

Gonna get me that pussy first, Alex groaned and dropped to his knees. He pressed his face into Mrs. Waters's bush and licked at her. Fuck, MILF pussy tastes amazing!

I watched the show, Mrs. Waters moaning as the three boys suckled on her nipple and ate her cunt. Jamal grabbed her butt-cheeks and just parted them. He spat on her asshole and pushed his cock into her. She didn't even care.

He thrust against her backdoor.

Yippie! she squealed as he grunted.

Goddamn, he groaned as he pushed on her asshole. You fucking whore! Mrs. Waters, take it!

Take what? she moaned. Ooh, ooh, drive that dick into my butt. I want it! I want so many dicks in my butt!

Shit, yes! snarled Jamal. He thrust hard and popped into her bowels. 

Mrs. Waters shuddered there, holding Rick and Brent to her breasts. Alex licked at her cunt as Jamal sank his dick into her asshole. My cock lurched in Tina's mouth as I watched my bimbo-whore enjoying the guys.

This was so much better than porn. I had Tina's hot mouth around my dick instead of my hand. Her tongue danced around my cock. She teased my dick with her sucking mouth. She drove me wild. The pleasure rushed through me. I loved every moment of her bobbing her mouth. She suckled on me with such force, nursing with such loving passion.

Wow, my sister whimpered as she shoved up her tank top to expose her big boobs beside me.

She's so happy! Mom gushed, her hand rubbing at her pussy. Just so happy.

Yay! moaned Mrs. Waters as Jamal fucked her asshole.

The Black guy pounded her backdoor. He fucked her with ease, the MILF loving it. She trembled there, Rick and Brent sucking hard at her nipples. Alex tongued her cunt. He must be just feasting on her with hunger.

The MILF loved every moment of it. She quivered there, her face twisting with her obvious delight at being used like this. She groaned, her head tossing from side to side. It was hot to witness. I loved it. My dick twitched in Tina's mouth.

She suckled with such passion. She bobbed her head, nursing with her bimbo hunger. Cherry groped her big boobies as she bounced beside me, giggling. Mom groaned, her fingers buried in her juicy pussy, her skirt bunched around her waist.

I put a hand on her thigh and on my sister's. I squeezed their legs. I owned them and Tina. And Mrs. Waters. She was fucking for me.

Tina bobbed her head faster. She nursed with such passion on me. I felt her love as she blew me. Jamal hammered her bimbo-mother's asshole. Mrs. Waters moaned like a whore, her face twisting in delight. She didn't fake this.

Fuck my butt! she moaned. Ooh, fuck it! Yippie! I love it! Love it so much! Ooh, ooh, there's a big cock in my butt!

Yeah, they're fucking is! grunted Jamal as he hammered her. Going to dump my cum in your asshole! How does that sound!

I love cum in my butt! she moaned. Ooh, ooh, Eric! Watch me! Watch me being fucked. I'm his bimbo-bitch! I am! All his!

I'm watching, I said, grinning at her as she took Jamal's huge dick in her asshole. You're taking that cock like the fucking dirty whore you are!

She beamed at me, this look of such joy on her face. I loved the sight, of my cock throbbing in her daughter's mouth. Tina nursed on me, I groaned, wanting to cum in her so badly. She danced her tongue around my crown.

Mrs. Waters moaned louder and louder, her head tossing. It was such a wild sight to witness. My dick twitched in my bimbo-girlfriend's mouth. She suckled with such passion on my cock. She nursed hard. 

Oh, that's it! squealed Mrs. Waters. I... I... love cumming! Yippie!

Her entire body bucked. Alex groaned as she drowned him in her pussy cream. She hugged Brent and Rick tight to her breasts as Jamal buried his Black cock to the hilt in her asshole. The White MILF squealed, her back rubbing into his chest.

Oh, fuck, yes, he groaned and didn't draw back. Take it! Take my fucking cum, you White slut! Goddamn, yes!

I erupted into Tina's mouth.

Shit! I groaned as I pumped my cum into her mouth while her mother took a load in her asshole.

Mrs. Waters bucked as the pleasure slammed through me. I loved every moment of this. Every last second of this ecstasy rushed through me. It was incredible to have it coursing through me. I quivered in delight, the pleasure surging through my body.

Oh, my god, that's so good! I groaned.

Fuck, yes! Jamal growled as he flooded the MILF's asshole full of cum. Damn!

The MILF shook through her orgasm as the Black guy pumped her anal sheath full of cum. I erupted again and again, Tina happily sucking down my cum. She hummed her delight as she swallowed my spunk. 

Damn, I groaned, wanting some ass of my own. Tina, I need to feel that asshole on my dick.

She ripped her mouth off my cock and squealed, Yay! I love your cock so much!

Jet stared at me with naked envy as Alex pulled his face from the MILF's cunt. He started ripping his dick out of his basketball shorts then pulled her down to him. As Tina stood to wiggle out of her jeans, Mrs. Waters squealed as she fell down onto Alex, her asshole sliding off Jamal's dick and her nipples from Rick's and Brent's mouths.

The naughty MILF squealed in delight as she rubbed her brown-furred muff up and down Alex's cock. I grinned, Tina's rump wiggling into view as she shoved off her jeans. My bimbo-girlfriend's cheeks still had a lovely shade of pink to them. 

SMACK!

Eric! she squealed in delight as my red handprint brightened her left butt-cheek. She wiggled her rump so I gave her a second on the other cheek. 

SMACK! 

Jamal stared at me in envy even as Jet moved in to take his place. As Mrs. Waters slammed her cunt down Alex's dick, Jet pressed his cock into her butt-crack and found her sloppy asshole. He didn't care he was getting seconds.

He thrust his cock into her bowels. The MILF arched her back and moaned, her big boobs jiggling as Jet sank his dick into her asshole. Alex groaned as she squirmed on his shaft. I smiled as Tina sat down on my lap, grabbing my wet dick and guiding it between her butt-cheeks.

I shuddered as my bimbo-girlfriend pressed my dick against her anal ring. She groaned in delight as my dick poked against her asshole. This incredible rush shot down my dick as her sphincter widened to take my cock. She groaned, her body quivering as she pushed down on me. 

Yay! she gasped when her asshole popped open and her anal sheath plunged down my dick.

She leaned back into me, her asshole devouring my cock. I could see over her shoulders. I smiled and slid my hands up my sister's and mother's thighs. I found Cherry's shorts and Mom's fingers busy in her cunt. She pulled them away as I unsnapped Cherry's fly. I shoved into her tight shorts and buried my digits into Mom's cunt. 

In moments, I fingered the bimbos of my family while my dick ached in Tina's asshole. She squirmed on me, shifting her bowels around my cock. It felt amazing having her doing that. She squirmed back and forth, massaging me with her flesh. 

Mrs. Waters moaned as she rode Alex's cock. Jet fucked her in the ass as Brent ripped out his cock and shoved it at her mouth. Of course the bimbo-whore swallowed it. The married slut moaned around Brent's cock as she enjoyed the other two double-penetrating her.

Shit, yes, I groaned, fingering my mom and sister's juicy cunts. 

They both whimpered while Tina groaned, her asshole clenching and relaxing around my dick. I pumped my fingers away at my sister and Mom's holes as I watched Mrs. Waters working her hips. She rode Alex as Jet fucked her asshole.

Brent gripped the sides of the MILF's face and fucked her mouth. He groaned as he pounded her. Poor Rick just squeezed his cock waiting for his turn. He glanced over at me on the couch with three women all to myself.

But I wasn't sharing these bimbos.

Fuck, yes! growled Jet as he pounced the MILF's asshole. I've never enjoyed anal! It's fucking amazing!

Fucking married MILF! Alex groaned. She's riding my cock! Just sucking at my dick with her pussy! Hell, yeah!

Can't wait for my turn, Rick moaned.

Go, Mommy, go! squealed Tina, her asshole clamping down hard on my dick. 

Yeah, she's such a slut, I groaned. My whore. I'm going to be selling her holes night and day!

Yay, Mommy! my girlfriend squealed. Ooh, ooh, I love you, Eric. Your dick feels so nice in my butt. Yummy perfect!

I agreed, her asshole massaging my dick. Not enough to make me cum. I just enjoyed it as I watched Mrs. Waters take three cocks at once. My fingers pumped in and out of my sister's and mom's cunt, both bimbos moaning in delight.

I was so glad I got that app. It was amazing. 

I thrust my fingers faster as the MILF moaned louder around Brent's cock. Alex stroked her hips while Jet grabbed the MILF's boobs. He squeezed the bimbo's big tits as he hammered her asshole hard and fast. 

Mrs. Waters squealed around Brent's cock. 

Fuck! groaned Jet. Her asshole... Shit! He buried to the hilt in her asshole, squeezing her big boobs, and moaned as he flooded her asshole.

Hell, yes! growled Alex as he erupted in the bimbo-MILF's cunt.

Shit, shit, shit! groaned Brent. Take it! Take my spunk, you fucking whore!

All three of them were cumming in her holes. I thrust my fingers fast in and out of my little sister's and mother's cunts. They both whimpered, their hot flesh squeezing about me. My dick throbbed in Tina's asshole, her flesh gripping and relaxing about me.

Mom squealed out, Cummies! as my sister gasped out, Purr! Purr! Purr!

Their cunts writhed around my digits. They came as I watched the three guys dumping their spunk into Mrs. Waters's holes. They filled her to the brim. It was so hot to watch. I groaned, my dick throbbing in Tina's asshole. She squeezed her bowels down on me.

I plunged my fingers in and out of my sister's and mother's cunts. They both squealed in delight. They clung to me as the pleasure rippled through their body. I loved the feel of their incestuous holes convulsing around me.

Shit, I groaned, enjoying this.

Fuck, fuck, fuck! Jet groaned as he ripped his dick out of Mrs. Waters's bowels.

My turn! groaned Rick who gripped his cock.

Brent panted and stepped back from Mrs. Waters, his cock dripping in her saliva. Alex panted as he lay on his back, clearly spent. Rick grabbed the MILF by the hair and dragged her off his cock. She crawled happily, her big tits swaying.

He darted around her, fell to his knees, and buried into her cunt. He fucked her hard and fast from behind as my sister and mother trembled through their orgasms. I ripped my fingers clean and shoved my hands between Tina's thighs.

I rubbed at her clit with one hand, my other thrusting three digits into her cunt. She gasped, squeezing her asshole down around my cock. She quivered on me, bouncing hand shuddering as I frigged her fast.

Yes, yes, yes, she moaned. Oh, I love you! You're just the bestest best boyfriend ever! Yay!

I know, I groaned. Cum on my cock like the little bimbo-slut you are!

Yay! she squealed, her cunt clamping down on my digits and her asshole around my cock.

I shuddered, loving the feel of her bowels squeezing and relaxing around my dick. She squirmed on me as I frigged her pussy and rubbed at her clit. I stroked the little bud in fast circles as she quivered on me. The pressure in my nuts grew.

Rick pounded the MILF's cunt hard. He fucked her with such force as she moaned over and over again. She cried out with such passion as her daughter squirmed on me. I loved this so much. The pressure swelled in my nuts.

Oh, my god, yes! gasped Tina. So goody good! My boyfriend is loving my naughty pussy! Ooh, ooh, his dick is so big in my butt!

Love dicks in my butt and my cunt and my pussy! squealed Mrs. Waters, her large tits swaying back and forth. Ooh, ooh, fuck my slutty cunny with your nummy dick!

Fuck, yes! growled Rick as he pounded her.

My orgasm swelled in me. I rubbed hard at Tina's clit. I thrust my three fingers deep into her cunt. she squealed on me. Her body bucked. Her asshole writhed around me. I loved the way her bowels convulsed about my dick. She suckled at me with such hunger. 

I groaned as the pressure in my nuts burst. I came in her.

Fuck, yes, I growled as I dumped my cum into her bowels. 

The heady rush shot through me. It was an incredible delight to have all that bliss bursting through me. I loved it so much. I savored the ecstasy gushing through me. This was an incredible delight. A big smile spread on my lips as I groaned through the ecstasy. It was magnificent.

My bimbo-girlfriend's bowels surged around me. It was fantastic. I groaned as I spurted into her over and over again. I loved this bliss so much. I hit the peak of my pleasure as Rick grunted and fired his cum into Mrs. Waters's cunt.

Dude, Jamal said. How the fuck did you turn these women into sluts.

Bimbos, I said as Tina whimpered on me. Her pussy's spasms slowed as I panted. You want to be able to do?

Fuck, yes! Jet groaned. The others nodded.

Then give me another $500, and I'll show you, I said, grinning at them.

They guys talked. I think there was some bargaining going on. Some promising to pay later. I didn't care. I just wanted to get paid. Soon, I had another $500 coming my way. That was a $1000 I had made. So I sent them all the referral links.

It's an app? said Alex in shock. 

Yep, I said. Download it, and you can start to collect your own bimbos.

They did as I noticed that my sister had hit Level 2. Tina and her Mother were almost there, too. Then suddenly I had another 15 bimbo crystals from the referrals, bringing me up to 21. As they played along with it, I used the $1000 to buy 20 more crystals, leaving me $50. Now with 41 Crystals, I was halfway to my next bimbo.

I smiled at that.

My phone beeped. JEALOUS HUSBAND APPROACHING flashed across my screen in bright, red letters. Outside, I heard brakes screech. A car door slammed. Footsteps pounded up to the door as I realized Mr. Waters had come for his wife.

Fuck!

To be continued...
