Author: Pescador del Valle
Title: FILF
Part: Chapter 3 of 4
Universe: ---
Summary: Father I'd Like to, well you know the rest.
Keywords: MF, Mf, Ff, rom, no-sex
Language: English
Copyright: 2010

*********************************************
*                 WARNING!                  *
* This text file contains sexually explicit *
* material. If you do not wish to read this *
* type of literature, or you are under age, *
*      PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!      *
*********************************************

Comments appreciated : 
  see Pescador del Valle on www.asstr.org/authors.html
*********************************************************

+-----------------------------------------------------+
|  Jerry STEVENS    (44) : Nick  (23) : Prue    (17)  |
|  Richie WAINWRIGHT(46) : Cass  (21) : Shelley (17)  |
|  Howard BECK      (48) : Fiona (26) : Ange    (17)  |
+-----------------------------------------------------+

"Why did you climb into our beds naked?"

"Because.  We like you.  We know how you behave towards 
us.  We respect you."

"We love you," added Prue.

To say we were stunned would have been an understatement. 

I don't know that Ange and Shelley would have said that 
to us yet but we could see they agreed, cautiously or 
reluctantly - I wasn't quite sure.

"While not addressing that here - I think that has to be 
on a personal level both as fathers and as, well, 
boyfriends - we do need to deal with both the current 
legal issue and your sleepwalking."

Howard and Richie let me continue with just nods of 
agreement.

"The legal issue is straight forward.  Despite any 
feelings you may have for us or that we may have for you, 
there can be no suggestion of sexual contact between us 
while you are under eighteen.  That doesn't mean it is 
going to happen on your 18th birthdays though.  In the 
meantime we have to look at what constitutes sexual 
contact since this is a small town and people see fire 
whenever there is even a hint of smoke.

    "I would suggest there can be no inappropriate 
touching.  If you wouldn't touch your father that way or 
if you expect him not to touch you that way then it 
shouldn't happen.  Secondly, I would suggest there should 
be no inappropriate exposure of body parts.  If you can't 
walk down Main Street when the shops are open like you 
are then you shouldn't be exposed like that in front of 
us.

    "Thirdly, I would suggest we refrain from saying 
anything that would allow others to construe that either 
of the first issues have or are occurring.  Can we 
perhaps first discuss these points and come to some 
agreement?  Are there any other constraints I might have 
missed?"

No-one raised any additional points.

"Does anyone have any objections or amendments or even 
just questions?"

Shelley raised her hand.

"You can just speak up.  Yes?"

"Well, kissing.  You said sexual contact and kissing 
isn't really.  I know I kiss you a whole lot different to 
how I'd kiss Dad."

I'm sure I was red.  I felt my face was hot.  It was 
easier when Prue and Ange both agreed vigorously - I 
wasn't the odd man out then.

"Okay.  When you're out on Main Street would you be 
kissing me there?"

"*I* wouldn't mind."

"Like you kiss your father or like you want to kiss me 
though?"

"Well I wouldn't care much if it was like kissing Dad.  I 
guess if it was like I want to then people might stare a 
bit.  It wouldn't matter if we were alone and inside 
though - then no-one would know to care."

"Unless you didn't know you weren't alone."

"It would still be only a kiss.  We did that at the 
Prom."

"In the dark and it might have been a bad idea and could 
still come back to bite us.  What about you girls?  What 
do you think?"

"I need more practise and I wouldn't mind Howard teaching 
me."

Okay, I guess I now felt what Richie must have felt while 
his daughter had talked about me.  I'm sure Howard was 
feeling as awkward as I had been about being in the 
spotlight - or was that the deer in the headlights?

"I don't see why kissing is so bad.  You don't have to be 
eighteen for that."

"A peck on the cheek is one thing.  Burying your tongue 
down Richie's throat is only going to make people think 
he is doing much more."

I was glad Howard answered Ange's question.

"But if I was at Richie's place..."

"Like last night?" Howard interrupted.

"Well, yes."

"Where no-one could see you?"

"Yes."

"Except Cass?"

"You're only saying her because she wants to go out with 
you."

"It is true that I'm taking her out but what if it was, 
oh, Richie's sister that was staying there?"

"He could send her home," Ange grinned cheekily, "or 
perhaps she could teach me how to kiss if I can't kiss 
him."

"Angela!"

"Oh Dad!  Don't pretend you think that sort of thing 
doesn't happen around here.  You were at the Prom weren't 
you?"

"Yes, it happens, but that doesn't mean you can talk 
disrespectfully about Richie's family."

"Er, guys.  I don't actually have a sister - just two 
brothers."

"And you don't really want to kiss Uncle Lee, Ange.  
Uncle Paul though... Nah!  Not like that."

"Girls, can I remind you that while there may be humour 
in the topic the consequences are quite serious."

"I don't see why our sisters would make a fuss over a 
kiss.  They would see us as competition and be interested 
in their own challenger but if I was to kiss Howard when 
only Fiona was there why would she care?  She'd be more 
likely to support me so I didn't bad mouth her to Dad."

"So you would favour her over me?" Shelley asked Prue.

"No.  That would be why she wouldn't complain.  Think 
about it though.  If I bad mouth her to Dad, she bad 
mouths me to Howard.  The same can apply to You and Nick 
or Ange and Cass.  It is in all our interests to remain 
neutral and to compete fairly.  *THAT* is why they 
wouldn't complain about us kissing."

I have to say I was impressed with Prue's reasoning.  She 
could be wrong but her argument was persuasive.

Shelley looked at her father, then Howard and finally me.

"So, if we are in one of our homes where no-one outside 
our three families is present and no-one can see from 
outside then proper kissing is allowed, but in all other 
circumstances only hugs or kisses to the cheek are 
allowed while we are still seventeen.  Is that acceptable 
to you?"

We men exchanged glances; minute head movements provided 
a direction.  I added a rider though.

"Yes - provided you don't try to extend that to the 
issues of other touching or showing.  Just because it's 
done in private doesn't make it any less illegal."

"The only problem I still have isn't to do with the roles 
that apply to us but rather how we talked of competing 
fairly with our sisters.  If we aren't allowed to have 
sex of any sort with you before we are 18 then they 
shouldn't be allowed to either.  Before we are 18 I 
mean."

"Perhaps until we are all 18 so one person can't start 
before the others."

"That isn't because your birthday comes last is it Prue?"

"What's two weeks extra?  I'm thinking of Cass.  She's 
likely to be upset if Shelley is having fun before she 
can try her best against me."

"Hang on," I objected.  "No-one has agreed to have sex 
with any of you nor with your sisters.  All that has 
happened is that we took you to the Prom and things might 
have gone a little far even with just a kiss and now we 
have dates for the weekend.  It is a bit of a stretch to 
assume that automatically leads to sex and then to assume 
that even if it did it would happen in the next six 
weeks."

"How long has it been Dad?" Prue asked gently.

"We know none of you have dated for years," added Ange.

"And our sisters aren't much better off.  We hear them - 
I'm surprised you three haven't."

"So," Prue finished, "they are likely to hit on you, and 
soon, even if you don't start anything.  If they do, do 
you really think you would say no?  We just want our 
chance to convince you that you should say yes to us 
rather than to them."

"What are you three proposing then?"

"Well we are unlikely to get you to cancel your dates or 
even make them a one-time thing.  We could go along?"

"I don't think so.  We're supposed to be considering 
punishments as well and that sounds like a reward - or a 
punishment for your sisters."

"Then how about you make it clear that there is to be no 
sex before the Friday night after my birthday at the 
earliest and you each take the two of us interested in 
you out together that night so there is no advantage.  In 
the meantime we get equal time with you - or a reasonable 
approximation."

"And may the best girl win?" asked Howard.

"Thank you," said Prue with a pleasant smile.  "I intend 
to."

A look shared between we men found no uncertainty or 
objection.  We were human enough to enjoy the idea of 
being fought over and realistic enough to know we had no 
real control over who our daughters got "involved" with, 
or when it would happen.

"We will have a word to that effect to your sisters then.  
Now you three have already had our company at the Prom, 
which corresponds to the weekend coming up, and last 
night which will correspond to another date.  I don't 
think I'm ready to invite Fiona to spend the night naked 
next to me even if nothing happens.  Actually ensuring 
nothing happened would be a challenge."

Even Howard grinned at the idea of me having to resist 
such a temptation since he could visualise Cass in his 
bed instead.

The girls accepted the retroactive application of the new 
rules especially if it was the only thing that kept their 
sisters out of our beds.

"Now what do you girls think is an appropriate 
punishment?"

Ange answered on their behalf.  "We thought you might ask 
and put our heads together.  Since you've agreed we 
should have an equal opportunity to see you then perhaps 
we should miss out on being taken somewhere special for 
our dates until we are 18.  Then people wouldn't see us 
together either."

"I brought you home around 6:30.  We met here at 8:30.  
How on Earth have you managed to agree to anything, much 
less a punishment dependent on the conditions we just 
agreed to!?"

The three girls just looked stunned and pulled out their 
mobile phones.

"I think we've been out-played gentlemen.  I'm sure it's 
not quite the punishment they want us to think it is but 
I vote we agree with the added punishment that they have 
to sit with their own fathers on Saturday dinners for the 
same period regardless of where their sisters *CHOOSE* to 
sit."

The looks of dismay that spread over each girl's face 
convinced me and the others that this was perceived as a 
punishment.  Each would have to look across the table at 
their rival getting cosy with their shared objective.

"Agreed."

"Unanimous."

"Don't we get a say?"

"You made your recommendation.  We adapted it then 
adopted it.  Further business?  Meeting adjourned."

Now we only had to discuss matters with the three older 
women.

---

"They did what!?  Prue, you didn't!?  God, what were you 
thinking?"

"You're just jealous that you three didn't think of it 
first!"

"Prue!"

"Sorry, Dad."

"I'm sure."

Nick had a smirk on her face.  "Of course, now you've 
suggested the idea..."

I punctured Nick's bubble with the results of our meeting 
in the park.

"That's not fair!  They misbehave and *WE* have to 
suffer.  *WE* are adults; we should be able to make up 
our own minds as to whether or not we have sex and with 
whom."

"I agree Nick, and we three men have decided to remain 
celibate for a little longer.  There is no constraint in 
the agreement on you girls - any of the six of you - 
finding an *APPROPRIATE* (I looked at Prue) lover other 
than we three men.  As your father though I'd be inclined 
to put my own restrictions on you Prue until you *ARE* 
18."

Prue and Nick glared at each other.  *I* started 
organising Sunday lunch in lieu of our cancelled Golf 
game.

---

The two sets of suitors met several times over that week 
while maintaining a frosty approach to their individual 
sisters and own fathers.  Prue's argument that their 
counter-suitor would remain civil proved correct but 
their direct competitors brought the cold shoulder to a 
new level of artistry.

There must have been plans and counter-plans from both 
groups.  We men met at work rather than school or diners 
during *OUR* lunch breaks.

The outcome was that we each still thought we were too 
old for either girl or woman interested in us but 
accepted that they both had a right to try to convince us 
otherwise and that none of us saw anything wrong in 
either daughter pairing up with one of our friends.  If 
that led to sex, marriage or just friendship we were all 
agreeable.  The only thing was to try and avoid a hurtful 
break up if it happened.

---

I closed my office door earlier than normal on Friday and 
hurried to my car before anyone could call out, "Can I 
have just a minute before you go?"

I showered and dressed quickly - neat casual rather than 
dressy - and wandered over to Fiona's house.  Nick wasn't 
home yet but Prue watched me cross the road, every step 
closer to Howard's house an opportunity for her to have 
the evening free to woo him.

She'd given me a kiss goodbye with the warning, "Have fun 
- but not too much!" and gave us five minutes to remember 
something left behind before locking the door and 
"visiting Ange."

Step one in Prue's seduction of Howard was through his 
stomach.  She knew some of his likes and dislikes from 
our regular dinners and Ange provided more information 
and made sure the pantry was stocked with the 
necessities.

"Dessert's all ready," she told Ange when she looked at 
the baking dish in Prue's arms as they met at the door.  
"It was one of my Mom's recipes and will just need 
warming up.  How was Fiona?"

"Excited - and smug.  I really hope Shelley convinces 
your dad to pick her."

"We're going to have to fight hard to stop them getting 
an advantage."

"You're going to have to give Cass equal time for this 
meal you know."

"Yeah, but if she's always playing catch up it won't 
matter as much, especially if I get three or four 
evenings ahead of her.  Your dad isn't going to be taking 
her out often enough to square things up and if she has 
to get all domestic to win, maybe she'll concede defeat."

Ange helped Prue find what she needed and she started 
things cooking in a sequence that would culminate in some 
hectic preparation just after Howard was due home.  Prue 
didn't want to make it seem too easy, nor to have the 
food spoil if he was delayed.

With everything needed at hand and having helped set the 
table for two, Ange gave Prue a kiss on the cheek and 
went to cadge dinner off of Shelley.

---

Fiona didn't crowd into the middle seat as Shelley had 
done and I was a little disappointed.  I might be a dirty 
old man but I knew what I liked.

She explained what she'd been doing during the week in 
answer to my query.  There were a few stories they 
couldn't print for one reason or another that made good 
gossip.  Half the town probably already knew and the 
other half would never find out since privacy often 
overrode the Public's Need To Know when the reporting 
staff at the newspaper had to live next door to those 
being reported on.

The paper also got the national feeds which included 
those stories provided by the international press.  
Occasionally one of those was used as a feel good filler; 
either a story that dwelt on someone else's good fortune 
since those gave the readers hope they could similarly 
experience such luck, or one that made the reader feel 
they had the good fortune to avoid some personal or 
public disaster.

Politicians getting their comeuppance were always 
popular.

I could in turn relate some instances from the plant but 
most were "you had to be there" funny or else of a 
technical nature with little humour involved.  Fiona 
probably heard about anything of real interest from 
Howard anyway.

We arrived at the restaurant with the sun still well 
clear of the horizon though only because the ranges to 
the west were fairly distant and less impressive than the 
ones to the east.

Our table was located by the expanse of windows.  We 
could have sat outside but I found my meal cooled too 
quickly and one was at the mercy of insects or cold winds 
and showers depending on the season.

We decided on a bottle of wine and Fiona showed an 
extensive knowledge of those produced in the not-too-
distant wine region.

"Don't you remember we had a large advertising section 
about two years ago?  I had to go up to every winery that 
wanted advertising space and check through their copy 
while Tony sat down and got pissed so he could provide an 
editorial review of their products.  A couple were pissed 
at him when they found his reviews were truthful when 
they would have preferred enthusiastic.  I drank enough 
to be able to help him appraise them - though I could 
still find my way back to the hotel."

"He wasn't trying to get you drunk so he could have his 
wicked way with you?"

"Why?  Is that your plan?  No.  I don't doubt he might 
have tried once but he would have been unable to do 
anything without help of a supernatural variety.  Tony 
was a nice guy but no-one wants a drunkard.  Walter was 
quite upset when he had to let him go.  I don't think he 
would have let Tony do the wine article but Tony was too 
good at hiding his weakness before the trip and didn't 
seem to care afterwards."

"You haven't let that put you off drinking though."

"Moderation.  In all things, moderation.  Well actually, 
if you hadn't agreed to the *GIRLS* requests we *WOMEN* 
might have had you begging for a little moderation.  
Now..." she sniffed, "It might be too late."

"What?  You mean you won't take any notice if we beg for 
a rest?"

Fiona returned my grin.

"You'd like that Jerry, wouldn't you?"

"Actually I think I would.  I don't know how long I could 
last though.  That's one of the things I struggle with.  
You - and Michelle for that matter - are young and 
vibrant.  I appreciate your argument that you can't see 
anyone better around *AT THE MOMENT*.  What happens when 
you realise I *AM* an old fart?  That might be five, 
tent, fifteen years down the track - or next week.  I'm 
not saying that one date means Happy Ever After.  Life 
isn't a fairy tale.

    "If you intend us to just socialise that's fine.  If 
you think we can tend each other's need, I think I can 
live with that.  If you want something serious but expect 
someday to find your ideal Mr Right I could probably even 
go along with that though I might feel differently when 
the time came.  If you want the whole hog, till death us 
do part, then I think we both need to work up to that 
point so there is no doubt in either of us that that is 
what we want.  Maybe you don't know yet but would like to 
explore possible relationships along the way.

    "The thing I want you to be conscious of for your own 
sake is that you are 26 and I am 44.  I don't feel old 
which is why, despite my protestations about being 
ancient, I enjoy your company.  When you get to my 
current age I'll be, hang on, 62 and probably having 
trouble keeping up with your needs.  You'll be 52 when 
I'm 70 and probably past it.  You'll want loving and I'll 
want afternoon naps.

    "It can work now, if you want us to follow that path, 
but as I get older I may prove a disappointment.  We need 
to just learn more about each other so any decision is 
clearly thought through."

---

Howard arrived home about the time we were pulling into 
the restaurant car park.  He smelled the meal cooking and 
at first thought Fiona was in the kitchen.  He then 
remembered her date and was surprised that Ange could 
stir his appetite so successfully.  Finding Prue in the 
kitchen was more than just surprising.

"Hi Howard.  If you'd like to freshen up dinner will be 
ready in about fifteen minutes."

She went back to the dinner, apparently expecting him to 
follow her suggestion.

"You don't intend to try what you did the other night?"

"I understand the consequences.  I don't want anything - 
nasty - to happen to you Howard.  I'm just making dinner 
for us."

"Where is Angela?"

"She is consoling Shelley."

"Well your cooking smells okay at least.  Thank you."

"Wait until you've checked how it tastes.  You might 
change your mind."

"I'll let you know."  He disappeared and Prue carried on.

---

"Fiona's (air quotes) out, and Ange's father is busy 
tonight so I asked her to join us for dinner.  That's 
okay isn't it?"

"I would appreciate more warning but, yes, it is quite 
okay."

Prue had bitten the bullet and decided to out-manoeuvre 
Cass - who had been thinking of calling on Howard later 
herself until she heard he was busy.  Ange herself was 
hoping time spent with Shelley in Richie's presence 
wouldn't count though she wasn't sure who was 
adjudicating.  Then there was Shelley, who had to 
consider how to outdo Fiona after tonight's date.

I'm not sure which of us had the nicest meal.  I 
understood Prue did an excellent job and the restaurant 
was enjoyable if nothing spectacular and Richie had 
learned a thing or two over the years so his daughters 
usually only had to add a few vegetables to whatever was 
defrosted from his weekly cooking session.  Nick was 
probably the unlucky one, scraping together whatever she 
felt like as she dined in the otherwise empty house.

The sunset and lights gave Fiona and I something to cover 
the gaps that occur in any conversation.  She'd taken the 
time to consider all I had said earlier and made her 
response as we waited between courses.

"Jerry, we three, or okay six, girls have grown up close 
to you three men.  We've seen you with your wives and 
without them and know what you are like.  I've no doubt 
that you're the one I'd like to be with for the rest of 
my life - I guess I was comfortable living across the 
road where Saturday nights were like a regular date, but 
without the sex.

    "When you took Shelly to the Prom I realised I was a 
little jealous.  No, envious I think is more correct.  I 
didn't object to her being with you - at the time - but 
when I really thought about it I wished it was me.  I 
started thinking of being in your arms and realised how 
horny I was and how satisfied you would make me feel.

    "I enjoyed the erotic dreams whenever I went to sleep 
and hinted for a date - through channels.  Of course, the 
rules you men agreed to make it hard for me to seduce you 
tonight, or at least to get any benefit.

    "As I was dreaming - and that includes day dreams at 
work - I did consider what I wanted.  I realised I wanted 
to make you happy but not only in bed.  I wanted to share 
your life.  I've done the same maths as you and know what 
lies ahead of us.  I appreciate it might be difficult in 
the end seeing you go downhill but we could both be 
killed going home tonight.  If we spend our lives 
together I'll have a lifetime with you be it long or 
short.  If I don't try, I'll miss every minute I'm not 
with you.  You are right that we don't have to decide 
right away but I do think you are a keeper."

Fiona's comments left me stunned though they weren't 
really too surprising.  I could see the advantage for me 
in having a younger girlfriend - I wasn't so convinced 
marriage was on the cards or even wanted.  I hadn't 
appreciated that these women might see a long term 
advantage themselves in having a much older boyfriend.  
We weren't talking May-December anyway, more May-August.

At least I had some idea of how matters stood.  I could 
better decide whether I could honestly let Fiona or 
Shelley dedicate their life to me without feeling I'd 
caused them to miss out on far more than I could possibly 
give.

---

Prue put the dishes in the kitchen, telling Howard to get 
comfortable in the lounge.  She cleared the scraps away 
but left the dishes for later.  After all, though she had 
Howard to herself she couldn't guarantee for how long.

They had talked during dinner and he had given her his 
thanks again and an honest appraisal.  She'd made a Cajun 
Chicken dish and he had to suggest a little less spicy 
might have been better but he finished it all with 
obvious enjoyment and she was pleased.

Howard took the three seater instead of his own chair 
anticipating she would want to sit next to him.  Prue 
smiled and snuggled in under his arm.

"Is this okay?" she asked.

"As in 'won't get us into trouble'?"

"Uh huh."

"I think so."

"I'm sorry I didn't think things through before.  I 
messed up big time."

"Well, a little.  I admit I didn't mind you being there 
though.  Waking up with a beautiful young lady beside me 
was almost enough to let me avoid the shock."

"Can I sleep there again once I'm 18?  Only sleep if you 
want but I wouldn't mind more."

"I wouldn't object right at this moment but a number of 
things might happen between now and then."

"What?  Like you and Cass?"

"I guess that's one thing."

"Have you two even kissed?"

"No."

Prue scrambled around.  "Then you probably should 
practise so she's not disappointed."

"Oh!  And who, pray tell, should I practise with?"

Prue put her lips to his and showed him.  A little while 
later she rested her head against his shoulder.

"If Cass is disappointed, she needs to be certified!"

---

Nichole had arrived home to a dark and empty house.  She 
knew my plans but where was Prue?  Both our friends' 
houses were lit and Nick assumed Prue would be visiting 
with Ange to get some quality time in with Howard on the 
side.  She threw a quick dinner together and decided to 
visit Cass so she could see Richie as well.

Richie opened the door and Nick embraced him, giving him 
their first real kiss even before she got inside.

"Well hello.  Let me close the door so you can ring 
again.  I don't mind greetings like that."

Nick just gave him another hug as he moved to invite her 
in.

"We are going to have to move outside if we get many more 
people in."

"Oh?"  When they entered the lounge it was unnecessary 
for Nick to ask who was there.

Cass and Shelley were sitting on one side of the table 
while on the other side Ange sat next to a vacant chair 
that was obviously where Richie had been sitting. They 
were engaged in a board game.

"We've only just started.  You can catch up if you want," 
Richie suggested.

"Here, have a seat.  We can make room."

"Thanks Ange, but I think there is enough room down this 
end of the table."  Nick pulled out the chair between 
Richie and Shelley rather than leaving Ange between her 
and "her man".

"Where is Howard then?"

"Busy tonight," offered Ange.

"Oh?  I thought his car was in your drive.  I figured 
Prue might have been visiting you since she's not at home 
but if you're here it can't be *YOU* she's visiting - can 
it!?"

Cass took almost a minute to consider her response then 
stood.  "You can take over for me if you want Nick; I've 
got to go out for a while."

Nick looked at Ange and smiled.  "Take no prisoners."

---

Fiona and I dawdled through dessert, enjoying each 
other's companionship.  The town was a miniature patch of 
light in the darker surrounding forest.  With far more 
than the alleged two lights, it was like a patch of glow 
worms in a cave and the image was only spoiled by the 
reflections of the well-lit restaurant in the windows.

"Could we stop at the lookout on the way back?"

"Your wish is my command."

"I wish you hadn't agreed to the no-sex rule."

"Sorry, no retroactive wishing."

"I wish the girls were already 18 then."

"Or wishing for the impossible.  Do you really want to 
have them in greater competition?"

Fiona took my hand and looked serious.  "Would you really 
still consider Shelley if you had me?"

"Probably not, but I'm not really sure of my feelings 
yet.  Shelley is younger than you, no argument there.  I 
still find her interesting, arousing even.  Both you and 
she have come on to me.  I don't mind that but I'm not 
sure what I want let alone who I want yet."

I also found Cass and Ange interesting - though given 
their own stated preferences I wouldn't try to date 
either of them before they had lost their own contests.  
I wouldn't mention that to anyone yet, nor the fact that 
I could see there being a wider pool once I considered 
those of Shelley's class also turning 18 or those between 
her and Fiona's age or even a little older who I'd not 
investigated because I thought I was too old.

Being hit on at the Prom showed how desperate some of the 
females in town were.  I didn't want to hurt either Fiona 
or Shelley but my horizons were broader than I'd imagined 
possible only days earlier and it was this dinner with 
Fiona that made me appreciate the opportunities open to 
me.

For the first time since we had agreed to the ban on sex 
I was glad Fiona and I wouldn't be able to tumble into 
bed together.  I didn't want to feel obligated to her 
because of sex.

Though I intended looking around town over the next 
couple of weeks I wouldn't be trying to get sex there 
either even if I found someone I liked.  I didn't really 
want a series of one night stands though I thought that 
might be possible and a part of me was childish enough to 
be greedy.

I held Fiona's hand and smiled.  If she thought it was 
for her she wasn't entirely wrong.  She was still there 
on the list of possibles and probably at the top.  I was 
sincere in saying I didn't know who I wanted but I 
couldn't tell her why any more.

---

"Ignore it.  Ange and Fiona have keys."

"You know I can't."  Howard disengaged himself from Prue 
and went to the door.

Cass had heard Nick greet Richie and gave Howard a 
similar treat.

"At least he's not dishevelled and I can't taste pussy on 
his lips," Cass thought.

She raised his right hand and kissed his finger tips.  No 
sign there either.

Cass didn't know how she would have taken his breaking of 
the ban if that had been the case but she knew how to 
interrupt Prue at whatever she was up to.  She strode 
into the lounge and found it empty; the sound of water 
running led her to the kitchen.

"Good timing.  Grab a tea towel, Cass."

Prue rinsed the suds off a plate and put it in the rack 
to drain.  Cass just stared.

"I'll need some space for the pans in a minute."

"I'll get it.  Sit down Cass; we won't be long."

Cass wasn't stupid.

"No.  You sit and I'll get them."

"If you're sure.  In that case I'll put them away."

Between the three of them they made short work of the 
clean up.  Cass was confused by the domesticity she'd 
encountered.  Hot lust?  Yes.  Housekeeping?  Never.  She 
wasn't to know that Howard and Prue had been learning 
about the inside of each other's mouth up until the 
doorbell rang.  If it hadn't been for his willpower and 
their knowledge of what the consequences of going further 
could be, they might have already moved to the bed.

Finished at the sink and having already cleaned up the 
work area and stove, Prue linked her arm possessively 
through Howard's and thanked Cass for her assistance as 
though it *WAS* her place to do so.  She had coffee cups 
ready and only had to turn the kettle on.

"Would you like a coffee Cass?"

"Thank you."

"Would you pass another cup please, dear?  How would you 
like it Cass?"

"White and one please."

"Just like Howard.  Thank you, dear."  Prue wasn't 
worried about piling it on.  Howard could see what she 
was up to and Cass was reacting as she had hoped.

"Howard, why don't you take Cass into the lounge.  It's 
cosier in there and I can manage here."

She lifted her face and he obliged with a kiss.  Cass 
glared at her and then followed Howard into the lounge.

He indicated the three seater and Cass took the middle 
place thinking to isolate Prue from Howard.  He mentally 
shrugged and took his former seat.  Mischievous as well, 
and wanting to see if Prue could take as well as she 
gave, he put his arm behind Cass' shoulder and she took 
the hint and leaned in.  She lifted her hand to Howard's 
cheek and turned his face to hers.

"I'm looking forward to our date.  Perhaps you'd like 
another preview."  She kissed him, warming up even 
further when he responded.

She broke for a chance to swallow and then, hearing cups 
being put onto a tray, she started over.

Prue had expected Cass to fight back and wasn't dismayed.  
Cass had taken the seat next to Howard but she hadn't got 
the best of the deal yet.

"Here you are Cass.  I'll just put yours over here dear, 
they are a bit hot still."

Cass thought, "Then why did you give me mine to hold 
bitch!?"  She kept control over her tongue though.

"It's nice sitting there with Howard.  I guess you are 
entitled to some time next to him under the rules.  I'll 
just sit here and watch.  I might get some pointers."

Prue knelt on the carpet and leaned between Howard's 
knees so he had to spread them wider.  She rested an arm 
over the outside of the leg next to Cass, effectively 
isolating her, and then laid her cheek on his lap so she 
could look up at them.

"I thought there was a no touching rule," challenged 
Cass.

"I can't do anything I wouldn't do with my father.  I 
used to lay my head on his lap all the time."

Cass realised Howard was enjoying himself and the 
situation too much.

"You like two women squabbling over you, don't you?"

"Well I haven't exactly heard any squabbling.  In fact 
Prue has been rather hospitable since you arrived and I 
certainly haven't heard much from you where you tried to 
stir up trouble."

"Much?  What?"

"Well you did question whether she was following the 
rules.  That might have been intended to get a bite but 
if so it failed and it's equally possible you were just 
looking out for my reputation."

"So you're happy with her resting there?"

"I don't see that she's doing any harm."

"I guess I'd better leave then.  It seems I'm intruding."

Howard caught Cass' shoulder as she tried to stand.

"Hang on!"

Cass resisted.

"Cassandra!  Will you please sit down, drink the coffee 
you're about to spill and talk to me."

"'s probably poisoned."

"Nah.  If you were Nick then I might put a laxative in it 
but you're okay.  You can still go if you want."

Cass poked her tongue out at Prue.

"Finished?"

"Not quite."

Cass blew on her coffee and took a sip.  "Tastes okay.  
Might not be a big enough dose to tell so I guess I'll 
have to finish it to see for sure one way or the other."

Howard shook his head.  "Young ladies, I'm approaching 
fifty - a lofty peak you probably can't even see from 
your youth.  Prue is not quite 18 and, if I recall 
correctly Cass, you are 21."

"Yes."

"That's a gap of three years.  With me it's twenty seven 
and thirty years.  It will be a while before I'm only 
twice your age.  Pass my coffee please Prue."

He let her settle again so he could concentrate on not 
showering her with the hot beverage.

"Thank you.  Now many people close to my age would either 
consider me a fool or a pervert but I don't care about 
that.  I enjoy the attention and the kissing and whatever 
and, yes Cass, I even enjoy the rivalry.  Now I know what 
I'm getting out of your joint interest but I'm not sure 
if you realise the grumpy old fart you're both trying to 
land.  I suspect Fiona and Ange are only after your 
fathers to get away from me.  Nevertheless, I'll try to 
sell myself truthfully so you know I'm not just aches and 
pains."

The young women looked at each other and shook their 
heads.  One thing they could and did agree on was that 
Howard - indeed all of us - liked to exaggerate our age 
and pending incapacities.

"While I was married I kept my wife happy, at least in 
bed.  I haven't said anything to my girls before, and I 
don't know if they were already aware but I guess they 
are old enough to know now.  My wife had a liking for 
ladies and occasionally we had a friend join us.  Both of 
them were bi and I was called on to do my duty for both 
in turn.  Now I don't pretend I have anywhere near the 
stamina I had then but I do know that everything still 
works and I don't need any little pills.  What I'm trying 
to say is that perhaps there isn't any need for a 
squabble."

Howard paused.

"You want both of us?"

He looked down at Prue and smoothed the hair on the back 
of her head.  "It would solve one problem."

"What?  Making a decision?"

"Well there would still need to be decisions.  Firstly, 
could you both share a man?  Then, would you want to?  
Not necessarily the same question.  Then comes *HOW* 
would you be prepared to share him."

"How 'How'?"

"Taking turns, sharing a bed, sharing the loving."

"What do you mean by sharing a bed and sharing the 
loving?"

"Sharing the bed is like taking turns except you don't go 
somewhere else when it's not your turn.  Sharing the 
loving means it's never not your turn - even if I'm not 
there."

The fictional 'man' was replaced by a definite Howard.

"What - with each other?"

"That's what my wife did with her friend - up until the 
day they decided they loved each other more than me, or 
the girls.  Small towns are too hard to come out in.  
They're too hard to have an affair in if you don't have 
your husbands approval.  We divorced, they moved 
elsewhere.  Life goes on."

"And you'd risk that again?"

"It has its attractions despite the risk."

Prue and Cass looked at each other in a far different 
light.  Could they be partners instead of rivals?

"I don't know...," started Cass.

"Could be fun," countered Prue, merely to be contrary to 
Cass' wishes and to appear to be the one more in tune 
with Howard's desires.

"How about an experiment to see what is possible?"

"What sort of experiment?"

"Would both of you please stand up."

He stood as well and turned to Prue.

"Show me what kissing is all about."

Prue wasn't the least bit intimidated by Cass' presence 
as she flowed against Howard's body, took his face in her 
palms and started nibbling on his bottom lip.

Cass watched, and realised she had a fight on her hands - 
Prue might not have had much opportunity to practise in 
this small town but that hadn't stopped her reading up to 
be prepared.  Hell, *CASS* hadn't had much opportunity!

The nibbling changed to a mutual goldfish-feeding style 
of kiss that eased into some visible tongue interaction 
before Prue's hands met behind Howard's neck and her 
interlocking fingers held him in place as she drilled for 
oil with her tongue.

The kiss seemed to last longer than it did and Howard 
cuddled Prue afterwards.

"I bet you don't kiss Jerry like that."  He released her.  
"Cass, you want to show what you can do?"

Cass was willing to face the challenge and moved in 
closer to Howard as Prue stepped aside.

She ignored his lips, placing her cheek against his as 
she took hold of his earlobe with her lips and then her 
teeth.  Her breath tickled his ear and then she ran her 
tongue down along the bottom edge of his jaw.  She kissed 
his neck and followed the hollow where his collarbones 
met, hinting at going lower before changing direction and 
travelling straight up over his chin.

By that stage there was no need for any erotic 
stimulation of their lips and Cass pressed hers to 
Howard's before invading with an insistent tongue.  She 
didn't dive deep but instead kept it active against his 
before finishing with three simple pecks against his 
lips.

"Mmm.  I like that too.  Thank you."

Cass turned her smile to Prue in a "so there" fashion.

"Now, the experiment.  Prue, do you think you could kiss 
Cass like you did me?"

Howard chose Prue first since she seemed more adventurous 
and possibly had more incentive being the younger of the 
pair and thus the likely underdog.

"You want her to what?"

"Well choosing one of you would be hard; accepting both 
of you is an attractive alternative.  If you both found 
you could accept each other as well then perhaps that is 
possible."

"You're not just being a dirty old man getting off 
watching two young things together?"

"Cass, of course I'll likely get off watching you two 
together if that's how things pan out.  I agree that 
probably fits with being a dirty old man as well.  I 
disagree with the 'just' part.  While I was married, my 
wife and I enjoyed sharing our lives with a third woman.  
I miss that flexibility even more than the sex.

    "Now a couple of weeks ago there was no suggestion 
that I was likely to get any romance in what was left of 
my life and then suddenly I was being swamped.  Both of 
you have said you wanted to date me though you have also 
said you both know me well enough not to need dating to 
be able to say you want more.

    "I can accept that but I'd be forever kicking myself 
if I wasn't honest with you even at the risk both of you 
leave never to return.  I would like us to have the 
chance for all of us to learn to live together as lovers; 
if that isn't possible then perhaps we can live together 
with each of you being just my lover.  We will have to 
see but the first test is still to see if you can be 
physically intimate in a small way - hence a passionate 
kiss."

Prue hadn't needed the explanation.  If Howard needed her 
to kiss Cass to gain his approval she was willing to do 
so.  As had been seen at the Prom, a boy dating two girls 
with their knowledge and approval was accepted as one 
solution to the inequality between male and female 
numbers.  Similarly two girls romantically involved was 
even more common - and accepted - since Howard's wife had 
left.  Prue hadn't asked any of the co-girlfriends 
whether *THEY* got up to anything together but she didn't 
mind herself.

Cass was different to cuddle against than Howard.  She 
held herself more rigidly but Prue's first observation 
was that she wasn't conscious of his prick.  Howard grew 
hard easily and she liked to lean into it regardless of 
the "hands off" rule currently in force.  Then, Cass was 
also more pneumatic; when Prue's breasts pushed into 
Cass' the feeling was quite different from Howard's 
ribcage.

Cass' cheeks were smooth; there was no trace of stubble, 
five o'clock shadow, when Prue lightly ran her fingers 
down Cass' face and back along her jaw so she could trap 
the young woman's neck between interlocked fingers.  The 
actual kiss held only one surprise for Prue - she'd 
expected more differences between kissing a male and a 
female.  There was a subtle flavour difference - Cass had 
drunk some herbal tea prior to Ange's arrival - but 
otherwise all Prue could pick out was probably due to 
Cass' initial hesitation.

Cass found herself in a quandary.  She didn't want to 
concede defeat and just let Prue have Howard but she 
hadn't considered kissing another woman before.  Of 
course, except for the kisses she'd given Howard earlier, 
there had been quite a gap between any kisses that didn't 
involve family and there was little to compare with 
*THOSE*.

Cass had been the aggressor when she had kissed Howard 
and now she passively defended herself against Prue's 
assault.  It was exciting to have someone *WANT* to kiss 
you, to have them invade your personal space, to hold 
you, to enter your mouth.  Cass no longer cared that Prue 
was another young woman, she accepted her and began to 
kiss back.

When they came up for air Howard put a hand on each one's 
shoulder.  "Wow!  I'm ready to believe you two are lovers 
already.  I won't ask whether you liked it but do you 
think you'd like to do it again if it wasn't an 
experiment?"

Cass and Prue exchanged grins.

Howard settled back onto the lounge, taking the middle 
seat and patting the cushions either side of him.

"Now we know what's possible, let's talk about what we 
want - and perhaps I can get some more of your kisses as 
well.

*********************************************************
