Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Sixty-Two: Breeding the Empress
Summary: Kurtis has to satiatie and breed the naga empress!
Keywords: MF MFF oral monster bond breed fantasy magic
Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Kurtis  The Forbidden City, The Empire of Shizhuth

I marched through the halls of the palace with Solja as my only escort. The troll stood stiff. He was worried about his mother. Hopefully, she was on her way to Dragon's Rest. There was no outrage. No interrogation from agents of the Empress.

They couldn't suspect we had anything to do with it. Everyone in my entourage was either in the labyrinth or watching the event in public. No one saw us meeting with Minx and Xerathalasia. Empress Szialianith would want to keep this quiet.

She wouldn't want to admit that she had her research destroyed and test subjects liberated.

It would embarrass her. Prove she wasn't as powerful as she claimed.

The escort brought me to the golden doors that led to the Empress's bedchambers. A pair of hulking ogres in black armor stood outside. They glared at us, looking about to rip us limb from limb. Solja straightened, ready for the fight.

The Empress's guest has arrived, said the escort. We should not keep her Dread Majesty waiting.

One of the ogres grunted and shoved his door open. The other followed a moment later, a low grumble rumbling out of his throat. I nodded and marched in alone, leaving Solja behind. I had to be completely confident. I couldn't show any weakness at all.

No fear. I was here to pleasure one of the most dangerous women in the world. A naga with poisoned fangs that could kill me with her kiss. A tail that could wrap around my body and crush me to death. The anger only made me harder.

My cock throbbed as the doors closed behind me.

I stood in an antechamber with a half-dozen lamia all kneeling naked, their bodies oiled to a gleam, nipples hard. They wore golden collars, their eyes staring at the ground. They rose and moved as one. Some rushed toward me while others grabbed jars of oil and cloth.

The lamia's tails swished behind them as they moved. The ones who came for me opened my robes and pulled them off. One folded them up and placed them on a shelf. The lamia who had the crystal decanters of oil pulled the stoppers off and soaked their clothes in the stuff. 

They started rubbing the clothes on my body, oiling me up. It smelled of something spicy. Masculine and strong. My cock twitched as they worked the fragrant liquid into my muscular body. One worked it up and down my dick.

Gods, that's good, I said.

She glanced up at me, a smile playing on her lips for a moment before she shot her gaze back down. Her ears drooped. The empress had them all frightened. They were terrified of her, the poor things.

Once I was oiled, they ushered me toward a door they opened. Only candles lit this room, the flames flickering around the edges, leaving the center pooled in shadows. The empress lounged on pillows there, her tail draped over them and curling around the pile.

Ssss, how wonderful for you to join me Ambassssador, cooed the empress. Her large breasts rose and fell. Her scarlet hair framed her face half hidden in shadows. 

I'm honored by the invitation, I said, feeling that she had lusts. Something I could exploit. Finally. She had control over her emotions, but now she had lowered her guard. She was horny.

Perfect.

How can I service you, Your Majesty? I asked.

Ssservice. A smile played on her lips. I'm glad you undersssstand your place here, Ambassssador.

I'm here to pleasure you, I said. How could it be any other way? You're the Empress of Shizhuth. I'm but a lowly ambassador who is fortunate to be given this opportunity to give you a daughter. You honor me more than I deserve.

Is there any woman you have failed to seduce with that tongue of yours?

I smiled. My tongue. My cock. My fingers. I have many ways to pleasure a woman.

She flicked the tip of her tail. I want to experience more of your tongue, she said, sliding her hands across her belly to the start of her crimson scales and the slit of her pussy nestled between them. I'm eager for more of your... flattery.

I smiled and marched toward her, back straight and cock bobbing. My dick jiggled before me, my nuts tight with the need to cum. Soon, I would flood her snatch with all the jizz I could. It would be a magnificent moment to breed the Empress of Shizhuth. One day, my daughters would rule the nagas and the rakshasas.

I dropped to my knees before the naga, her big breasts quivering. I stroked the smooth scales of her tail and leaned down to her spicy pussy. I breathed in her musk, savoring it before I feasted. She quivered, waiting for it.

That is a wonderful aroma, I groaned and breathed in again. 

You must be a connoisseur of pussies.

They all have their unique charms, I said. But some are more sublime than others, and yours... A third inhalation. Her spicy musk permeated my olfactory senses. Gods, that's wonderful.

I buried my face into her cunt and licked. I lapped at her with hunger. My tongue flicked through her folds. I feasted on her. I devoured her cunt with everything that I had. She groaned as I did that, her back arching.

She smeared her cuntlips against my mouth as she undulated her tail. Her boobs quivered over me while her hissing moans echoed through the room. I lapped at her spicy twat with hunger, giving her the pleasure she craved.

I played with it. Gently. Just light touches to make sure she received even more ecstasy.

Her tail flicked back and forth as I feasted on her. I lapped at her with hunger, my tongue stroking through her folds. She hissed as I feasted on her twat. Her forked tongue flicked out as I devoured her pussy.

Yessssss, hissed from her lips. Ambassssador, you do know your way around a pussy.

I winked at her as I licked and lapped at her twat. I tongued her pussy with my tongue, flicking up and down her folds. My hands stroked her tail as I licked her. I slid over the pebbly texture, loving the feel of her against my hands.

Sssss. She slid her fingers through my hair. Ambassssador, you are going to be rewarded!

I know, I said. Drown me! I want to revel in your pussy juices!

I thrust my tongue into her cunt and wiggled around. She threw back her head, hissing her delight. Her boobs jiggled as I tongued around in her. I licked and lapped at her snatch. I wanted to enjoy every inch of her pussy.

She tasted so good. My cock ached to be in her, but I controlled myself. I tongued her pussy, knowing I would have my chance to cum in her. I would spurt all my cum into her snatch. I would erupt into her twat and fill her to the brim with my cum.

She humped against me, her hand gripping the back of my head. She held me to her snatch. I licked at her with hunger. I tongued her with passion. She trembled, her eyes rolling back in her head. Her tongue flicked out as I feasted on her.

Ambassssador! she moaned.

Such sweet sounds to hear.

I felt her orgasm swelling in her body. I was in complete control of her. I would make her cum just the way I wanted. I was so eager for her to gasp out and squeal in delight. She would make such delicious sounds. I tongued her. Licked at her.

She trembled there as I found her clit. I circled her bud. I danced my tongue right over that wonderful point. She groaned as I did that. Her passion echoed through the air as I flicked my tongue over her bud.

She trembled as I did that. I licked at her with hunger. I nursed with passion on her. My tongue flicked through her folds. I drove her wild. She hissed louder as she rose toward her orgasm. I knew just when she would blow.

I gave her that push so she would have an amazing cum.

Ambassssador! she hissed as I suckled hard on her clit. Yesssssss!

Her spicy juices gushed out. A flood of her passion spilled over my lips. I groaned, licking up the passion. I gulped down all her pussy cream. Her tail swept around my waist. She gripped me with it, the scales rubbing on my oiled body.

Yessssss! she hissed. Shadowssss, that'ssss good!

Her eyes rolled back in her head as her tail squeezed about my torso. Her pussy juices surged out, bathing my mouth. I drank them down as her big boobs heaved. Her red hair tossed as she bucked through her orgasm.

I licked at her cunt. I lapped at her folds, giving her more pleasure so she could keep enjoying this delight. She trembled, her pleasure moaning from her lips. She trembled a few more times before her passion died to euphoria.

Ambassssador, she moaned.

She slid her tail around my body. I shuddered as she moved her tail around to grip my legs. My cock bobbed before me as her tail slid up my back and wrapped around my torso. She squeezed me while I felt her lusts. She pulled me toward her and smiled.

Her fangs flashed.

She was trying to scare me, but I could feel what she desired. She stared at me as she bared her fangs. Her head cocked. Her tongue flicked out as I just grinned at her. I didn't give her the dread that she craved.

Such confidencssse. A smile played on her lips.

I know my skills, I said, my arms pinned to my sides. There was no escape for me.

She ducked her head down, opening her mouth like she meant to strike. She hissed and swallowed my cock. She sealed her lips around my cock. I didn't feel her fangs, though. No, no, she didn't want to bite me.

She wanted to blow me.

I groaned as the Empress of Shizhuth nursed on my dick. Her cheeks hollowed as she suckled. There was no tongue to caress around my shaft. She had the snake's long, thin tongue. I quivered at the feel of her loving me. 

It was just a thrill to have her sucking me. She knew what she was doing. It was a fantastic rush to have her sucking on me like that. She nursed with everything that she had. She bobbed her head, her scarlet hair swaying around her head.

Empress Szialianith, I groaned. Gods damn, you're really honoring me now!

She suckled at me with passion. It was a fantastic sensation. I loved every moment of her nursing on me. She had me trembling as she rose me closer and closer to that moment when I would erupt. It would be a fantastic moment to fire all that cum into her mouth.

The naga worked her lips up and down my cock, her tail gripping my legs and arms. Her scales rubbed on my oiled body as she held me in place. There was no escape. I had to let her do whatever she wanted to me.

Your Majesty, I groaned, savoring that delight. Oh, damn, Your Majesty, that's incredible. You have such an amazing mouth!

She winked at me as she loved me.

Her lips worked up and down my cock, the pressure growing in my balls. That was perfect to enjoy. I loved every second of her lips working up and down my dick. She suckled on me with passion. It was fantastic to enjoy. She had just a delicious mouth.

I enjoyed every moment of this. I loved every second of this heat washing through me. I slid my hand through her hair, smiling at her. She moaned around my cock, the humming of her mouth building the ache at the tip.

You're going to get a mouthful of my cum, I groaned. You keep that up!

She suckled harder.

I played with her lusts. She bobbed her head, the powerful suction she created bringing me closer and closer to cumming. Closer and closer to just bursting. It would be such a rush to have that happen. I loved this so much. My heart pounded in my chest. A big smile spread on my lips. 

This was perfect. Just magnificent to feel. My heart thundered in my chest. The pleasure was something incredible. She brought me to the brink. My nuts twitched. Her tail tightened around my chest and legs.

Your Majesty! I groaned, swelling her lust from my cum. I'm about to erupt!

She suckled hard, staring up at me with such authority in her eyes.

Gods damn, Your Majesty! I growled and erupted.

My cock spurted blast after blast of cum in her mouth. The heat swept through me. Stars burst across my vision as I savored every second of this wonderful pleasure. I spurted over and over into her mouth. I enjoyed every second of this bliss.

Empress Szialianith gulped down my cum. The naga swallowed it while pleasure surged through her. And through me. Ecstasy slammed into my mind. It was an incredible rush to dump my cum into her mouth.

Your Majesty! I grunted, my body shuddering from the euphoria.

She swallowed all my cum, loving the taste of it. I manipulated her lusts so that she savored every drop. I grunted, emptying my balls into her twat. I flooded her with everything that I had. The pleasure washed through me.

It was fantastic to enjoy.

Gods, I groaned, savoring that delight. Las's big dick, that's good.

She ripped her mouth off, drool and cum dripping down her chin. Her tail unwound from my arms but stayed around my legs. Ssss, such virile sssseed. You shall give me such a strong daughter, Ambassssador.

I will, I groaned. I'll flood your womb in my cum. I never fail to breed a woman!

She flicked out her tongue. Her finger wiped up my cum on her lips. She sucked it off her digit, her eyes burning with lust. She leaned back on her pile of pillows. Her tail released me, her body undulating. My dick throbbed.

Then gift me with your seed, Ambassssador. Fill my womb with all that cum. I want it. Her tongue flicked out. Show me just how passionate you are.

Yes, Your Majesty!

I sank down onto her body, my legs straddling her tail. My dick pressed out before me and nuzzled into the folds of her pussy. I shuddered at the feel of her against me. This would be such a delicious moment. I couldn't wait to just ram into her. I ached for that delight. I pushed against her.

Her tail slid up my back the scales massaging my skin. She stared into my eyes, a naughty smile on her lips. She flicked out her tongue, so eager for me to breed her. She burned with that lust. It was a wild delight.

I buried my cock into the hilt in her snatch. I fucked into her twat, loving the way her hot pussy engulfed my dick. I groaned as I sank to the hilt in her snatch. She felt so amazing around me. Just so fantastic. I savored that pleasure as her twat gripped me.

She held me tight. I loved the feel of her cunt around my dick. It was such a hot feeling. I drew back my hips. She groaned, her squeezing around my cock. I shuddered and buried into the hilt in her snatch again.

Yessssss, she hissed as my nuts slapped into her scales. Give me such a sssstrong daughter, Ambassssador!

So strong, I growled, fucking into the hilt in her pussy. She's going to be powerful. You'll see!

She grinned at me and cupped my face. I know she will be. Yes, yes, fuck me hard, my beloved.

I pounded her cunt with force. I buried my cock to the hilt in her again and again. I savored the way she massaged me. The pleasure melted down my cock as I pumped away at her. I fucked into her again and again, loving the feel of her snatch around me.

She gripped my cock with her wonderful cunt. She massaged me with it as I fucked into her again and again. I plowed into the hilt in her snatch over and over. I loved the feel of her pussy around me. She held me tight as I pumped away at her.

Her tail swept over my back and ass. She undulated beneath me, stirring her cunt around my dick. I buried my cock into her juicy twat, loving the grip she had. She massaged me with such wonderful passion. I ached to erupt in her cunt.

Damn, I groaned, playing with her lusts. I had to make this amazing for her, but not the best.

If I was the best...

She would keep me.

Sssss, that'ssssss it, she groaned as I drilled into her. I gave her such pleasure, but she wouldn't be addicted to this. It was so different to change this, but I had to. I needed to keep her loving this just enough. Ram that big dick into my pussssssy!

Such a hot pussy, Your Majesty! I groaned. The best pussy I've ever fucked.

She caressed my cheek with the very tip of her long tail. How many women do you ssssay that to.

Every pussy is the best, I groaned, ramming hard into her. Because it's the cunt that's wrapped around my dick right now.

Ssss, yes, that'ssss a deliciousssss way to look at things, Ambassssador.

I winked at her as I drilled my cock to the hilt in her snatch. I fucked deep into her twat. I pounded hard into her snatch. She gripped me with that delicious cunt. I loved every second of plunging into her cunt. 

I slid my arms around her, pulling her large breasts to my oiled chest. I drilled into her snatch, pumping my dick in and out of that delicious snatch. It was an incredible rush to bury into her cunt. She gripped me. She held me tight. That was an amazing moment. 

Gods, I groaned, staring into her eyes.

Yesssss, yesssss, Ambassssador, she hissed. Make me cum again! Make me climaxssss on that thick dick!

I kissed her. I thrust my tongue into her mouth and buried my cock deep and hard into her twat. I fucked her with force, reveling in her tight cunt squeezing around my dick. She held me tight, massaging the crown of my cock.

The pressure grew at the tip of my dick. I reveled in the impending eruption of cum that would flood her snatch. I was so eager for it. Just so ready to pump her cunt full of my spunk. I couldn't wait to just erupt into her again and again.

She massaged me as her orgasm built and built toward that moment of eruption. She rose toward her powerful climax. I savored driving her wild with my dick. I pounded her with everything that I had. She groaned as she came closer to erupting.

She broke the kiss and hissed, That'sssss it. Ambassssador. Shadowsssss!

Her cunt went wild around my dick. She suckled at my cock with her writhing cunt. She nursed at me with her delicious snatch. I groaned, pumping away at her cunt as she suckled at me. The pressure in my nuts hit that bursting point.

Damn! I groaned as I buried into the hilt in her.

Sssseed me! she hissed.

I erupted.

My cum pumped into her womb and bred her. She gasped, her tail stroking along my back as her twat rippled around my spurting cock. I pumped blast after blast of cum into her snatch. The pleasure rushed through me. I groaned, loving every second of flooding her cunt.

The pleasure slammed into my mind. Euphoria crashed through my thoughts, sending reverberations of ecstasy rippling through my brain. I groaned at the pleasure as I dumped more and more of my cum into her snatch.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned as the pleasure slammed through me. Las's big dick!

I hit the peak of my rapture. I quivered there, loving the delight surging through me. It was an incredible treat to have bred the deadly naga. I savored it so much. I enjoyed every second of that delight. 

I cuddled up with the empress. She purred in delight as I rolled off her, my cock popping out of her cunt. I lay on my back, her tail half entwined around me. She panted in delight, utterly satiated by my hard cock fucking her.

I felt incredible for pounding her so hard. Just outstanding. That was a great fuck.

As I lay there beside her, I wondered if she would mention what happened. If she would try to get me to admit to anything. But she said nothing about it. She just lay there, her eyes closed, breathing slowly as she came down from her high.

She had enjoyed herself, but I made sure she didn't need more than that. I just let her lie here, waiting for her to be done. I didn't give her any indication that I wanted to leave. Oh, no, I would be at her beck and call.

Ssss, that wassss decadent, she finally said, a smile in her lips. You can ssssee the oracle tomorrow. You will be summoned.

Thank you, Your Majesty, I said. 

Go.

It was brusque. I rose and didn't look back as I headed to the antechamber. I slipped in and several of the lamias darted part me to attend to the empress. Another held open my robes for me. I slipped them as a second belted it closed and smiled at me.

Thank you for satiating her, she whispered.

I winked at her and headed out to find Solja waiting for me. He gave me a look. I just marched past him. He fell in behind me. I still didn't know if anything had happened. If Minx and Xerathalasia were released. I couldn't mention that to Solja anyways. Not until we were safely back in my quarters.

We soon reached the spot with the two guards out in front of my door. They were there to protect us, but really to make sure we weren't wandering where we shouldn't be. I didn't care about their presence. I just headed inside, Solja following.

Two of my own men were on guard in the antechamber. One whispered, There's a guest.
I nodded and headed into the main area to find Istandar Zianamilizzi with my family. She was sipping at tea with Mother, Lasla, Pyrriah, and Kyaza. Diane danced, smiling at me as she saw me. I didn't see Oberoy or Beliala.

Lord Kurtis, Zianamilizzi said as she saw me. How was the Empress.

Wet and eager to be bred, I said as I slipped out of my robes. Kyaza hurried over to take that from me. Pradu looked miffed she didn't get to take it and settled back on the flour where she lounged with Princess Naryu. 

Good, good, said Zianamilizzi.

Are you going to finally tell us why you arrived? asked Pyrriah, setting down her tea cup. Now that Kurtis is here.

Yessss, yessss, hissed the istandar. She glanced at me and asked, Did you have anything to do with the destruction of the empress's laboratory and the liberation of several of her best breeders.

I have no idea what you're talking about, I said.

Uh-huh. Zianamilizzi's eyes flicked to Solja. And it's just a coincidence that his mother was one of the breeder's freed.

I thought Solja's mother was dead, I said. This is the first I've heard anything about this. When did it happen?

During the match, she said. Well, I'm glad that you had nothing to do with it. I hear Empress Szialianith is very wroth.

I grinned. Not with me. She even sucked my dick.

My, my, the istandar said. I suppose I shouldn't be surprised that you had that effect on the empress, Son of Lust. 

Yes, it was a great day. Solja and Tharaka had confirmation their mother was free. Hopefully, they would be able to reunite with their mother at Dragon's Rest. Once we finally were free to sail for Shizhuth, I'd have the treasure box drop them off at the nearest port. Probably in Zeutch. Then they could travel on their own to Dragon's Rest.

I wasn't taking my family anywhere near that place.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pyrriah

The next morning, the summons came for Kurtis to see the Serpent Oracle.

Pyrriah, he said. He was taking just me. I would be his guard. The rest of the family would stay behind. Lasla wasn't happy about that, but if anything went wrong, he wanted her safe. 

My place was at his side. I was a phoenix. It was my destiny to die fighting with him. One day, it would happen. 

I would explode in fire on that tragic day.

We headed out of our rooms, led by a burly warleader in his black armor. A lamia sauntered at his side, leashed to him. Warleaders often had their pets with them. Some seemed to genuinely like their lamia. Others...

Were like Empress Szialianith. 

I hated this place so much. I was so glad our business was almost done. I just hoped we could leave the Forbidden City and return to our ship. It was still days of travel to the coast. If we had to escape, it would be a fight the entire way.

I doubted we would make it.

But what choice did we have but to try?

We were taken to a part of the dark, foreboding palace we hadn't been to. The stones here grew rougher. The black basalt was not as well quarried. It felt like an older part of the palace. A place that had been abandoned eons ago.

He reached a spot and pushed on a wall. It opened onto a stairwell leading down. Ghostly flames burned purple on the wall, the light they shed wan. Barely more than twilight. He grunted toward us, his face flat. Expressionless.

My brother took the lead, of course. I should do that, but he was already marching ahead before I had a chance to object to what he was doing. I sighed and followed him down after, my heart pounding a million beats a second.

He descended down and down into the darkness, marching with confidence. He didn't appear afraid. I followed after him in my robes. I had no sword, but I had my fire. I would use it if I had to. I would not let anything bad happen to my brother.

The stairs went deeper and deeper. The stones became rough. Crudely cut. Chiseled out of the bedrock. The steps grew ill-shaped. We kept descending the widening staircase hacked out of the bowels of the earth.

It opened onto a cave.

Water dripped into a pool of crystal-clear water. Pale fish swam through it, small with strange whiskers protruding from the corners of their mouths. They idly swam about. What did they eat? Had the empress put them here?

Or were they natural?

Ahead, a curtain of green silk hung over what looked like a tunnel. Empress Szialianith waited by it, draped in her jewelry. She had two shadowy knights flanking her as she stared at us. Her tongue flicked out and tasted the air.

Kurtis marched toward her without fear. I followed. When we reached the empress, we both bowed to her. A pleased smile played at the corner of her lips. She liked Kurtis being subservient to her. She didn't realize our brother became what a woman needed.

She's through the curtain, said the Empress. She doesn't normally speak to those who aren't naga, but maybe you'll be an exception.

Thank you, Your Majesty, said Kurtis.

He threw aside the curtain. I followed him down a tunnel. The purple light played ahead. Something sweet filled the air. Some sort of incense burned that had a hint of... lavender to it. Lavender and vanilla.

The tunnel opened onto a room covered in pillows. They lay everywhere on piles of blankets that hid any stone on the floor. Green silk curtains hid the walls and even were draped across the ceiling, held up somehow. Several lamias lounged around the edges of the room, their tails twitching and ears flicking. Some napped while others watched us.

In the midst of it was a girl about my age. She was young with round breasts and pale, milky skin. Green hair spilled around her youthful face. She didn't look ancient until I caught a glimpse of her black eyes.

They were vast. Timeless.

A phoenix and her twin, the oracle said, her voice light and airy. My, my, what a surprise this is.

Aren't you able to see the future? I asked. How can we surprise you?

I see others' futures, if they are willing to pay my price. 

Price? asked Kurtis as he moved forward.

There's always a price, said the oracle, her eyes staring at my brother like I wasn't even here.

And what do the empresses pay? I asked.

She glanced to the side at one of the lamias. Companions. What can you give me? You look like a man that has many women. Perhaps the one you brought with you. Is she my payment?

My stomach roiled. No, no, I have to be at his side. I'm a phoenix.

I know, cooed the oracle. Which means you'll live forever if you don't die pointlessly in some heroic endeavor with him. I will accept her as a gift.

No, Kurtis said with such force. My twin is not for sale.

Then what can you offer me that is as equal to a phoenix? She licked her lips. Who else do you own?

Who would my brother give the oracle? There were several options, but I just couldn't believe he would do that. Maybe Diane would be worthy. That would piss off Empress Szialianith if he gave the moon maiden to the oracle.

I will give you a child, said Kurtis. A daughter.

No Oracle has ever quickened with life.

No oracle has been fucked by a Son of Las.

I must taste your seed to know if you truly have that potential, said the Oracle. She rose and headed to my brother. She dropped to her knees before him. I shuddered as I watched her open his robes and produce his cock. Mmm, yes, yes, I see why you love this dick. I haven't had a cock in two thousand years.

She swallowed my brother's dick as I thought, Two thousand years? Poor thing. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

I groaned as the oracle's warm mouth slid over my cock. She engulfed my dick, her lips sealing around the shaft. That felt incredible. Her tongue danced around my dick. She caressed the crown of my cock with her tongue.

The pleasure was outstanding to feel. She flicked her tongue around my dick in such an exciting way. Her black eyes stared up at me as she worked her mouth up and down my cock. She lusted for my dick. She truly had gone a long time without one.

I slid a hand through her green hair and groaned, You're going to find my seed is so virile, you might get bred from sucking me off.

Pyrriah burst into giggles. Really, Kurtis?

I winked at my sister as the oracle moaned around my dick.

Her passion hummed around me. It was exciting having the demigoddess suckle on me. She nursed with such passion, loving my dick. My nuts twitched with excitement as she worked her mouth up and down my cock. 

I groaned, my hands balling into fists. I loved what she did to me. How she suckled on me. She nursed on my dick with such a hot mouth. I savored how she blew me. How she loved me with that hot mouth of hers.

Damn, that was good.

Just amazing.

She suckled with all her might on me. She wanted my cum to be able to breed her. I could feel that lust brimming in her. The idea of a daughter intrigued her. She had her lamia as companions. She wanted a daughter to be with her.

Or a son who could never leave her.

I shuddered at that. I savored the feel of her mouth working up and down my cock. She suckled on me with passion. The pressure in my balls rose and rose toward the bursting point. I loved how she massaged my cock with her hot tongue.

She drove me wild with it. I loved how she nursed on me, suckling with just all her might. She nursed with everything that she had. I groaned, savoring the way she worked that mouth down my cock and suckled back up me.

Damn, I groaned. Gods damn, you're going to have such a strong son.

A son? A smile spilled over my sister's lips. How delicious. That sounds just wild. Ooh, ooh, I want you to breed her, Kurtis!

I did, too. I ached for it. I needed to know where to go. Where this Cradle of Life could be found. My dick twitched in the oracle's mouth. She loved my dick, her black eyes staring up at me with such lust brimming in them.

She wanted her son so badly. I understood why. The lamia had mortal lives. They would grow old and die while she would stay here in her room for eternity. She wanted a companion that wouldn't die. That was why she was so willing to take my sister as payment. 

I would give her a son. I believed it. She wasn't a hermaphrodite. She was born of a god and a goddess's passion, Cnawen and Rithi. Born of Knowledge and Art. So there was no reason that my seed wouldn't do the trick. 

And there was no story of Las trying to breed one of the oracles and failing.

This would work. I had bred other demigoddesses. My sisters, for one. I knew this would work. I would give the oracle what she craved. I could feel that knowledge building and building in my loins as she worked her mouth up and down my cock.

That's it, I groaned. Oh, you're going to get a big mouthful of all that cum you crave.

She whimpered around my cock, her tongue dancing around the crown. Her eyes begged for it.
Ooh, give it to her, my twin sister cooed, her hips wiggling from side to side. Flood her mouth, Kurtis! Just fill her up with all that salty cum. Your jizz is the best!

The oracle suckled with all her might. The ecstasy built and built in me. I groaned, rising toward that wonderful moment. I was so eager for it. Just so ready to erupt into her mouth. I wanted that so badly. I ached to just cum in her mouth. It would be a beautiful moment. My face contorted in delight as I rose toward that moment of eruption.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned. Shit, that's so good. Just like that. Come on. I'm going to erupt. I'm going to cum so hard! You delicious oracle!

She moaned around my dick, suckling at me. I erupted.

Gods damn! 

My cum gushed into her mouth. I flooded her over and over with my spunk. I filled her with all my jizz. The pleasure swept through me. I groaned, my dick throbbing in her mouth as I pumped my spunk into her flesh. I savored every last moment of erupting into her.

My cock spurted over and over again. I loved the feel of her twat suckling at my dick. I groaned, savoring that passion. It was an outstanding passion to enjoy. This was a thrill. I wild delight to savor all that pleasure gushing through me.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned. Las's big dick! Swallow my cum, Oracle! Swallow it all!

She did. She gulped down my cum while moaning around my dick. I emptied my nuts into her mouth. I erupted over and over again, loving every second of pumping her full of my jizz. It was a wonderful moment.

Something pure and delicious that enjoyed so much. This was an amazing passion. I fired one last blast of cum into her mouth. The oracle groaned as she swallowed it. Her eyes squeezed shut as she quivered. She slid her lips off my dick.

She held the last load of my cum in her mouth. She swirled it around. I trembled there, waiting for her to say something. To proclaim it perfect. My heart pounded in my chest. What would I do if she insisted on my sister or my moon maiden? My mother. My other sister. Beliala... 

I could give Beliala. I wouldn't miss the demon. Throwia might not like that, but... 

The oracle swallowed. Her eyes opened. Your cum is compatible. A shiver ran through her. You may breed me. She glanced down at my cock. I... I would like to taste your sister as you fuck me. I would like her to sit on my face and grind her pussy on my lips.

Sure, Pyrriah said and opened her robes. Just so long as I won't be stuck in here.

No, no, the oracle said. She leaned back. Mmm, your cum is just what I need, Kurtis. Take me. Breed me. Then you shall earn your prophecy.

She stretched out on her pillows. Pyrriah, her robes falling off her, straddled the oracle's head. My sister lowered her cunt down to the oracle's lips. She planted her cunt right on her mouth. She quivered in delight, loving the feel of that naughty tongue licking and lapping at her.

I smiled as I dropped to my knees. I never thought I would breed an oracle. The Serpent Oracle spread her legs wide, her hairless pussy dripping with her juices. Pyrriah grabbed my cock, her red hair already flickering with lights.

Oh, wow, she is skilled at eating pussy, groaned my sister as she pulled me into the oracle's twat. Yes!

She's had a lot of time to perfect her craft, I groaned. I felt that wet entrance.

I thrust.

My cock buried to the hilt in her snatch. It felt so wonderful to bury into that hot cunt. A wave of delight swept over me. I shuddered as I sank into her cunt. She had such a delicious snatch. A big smile spread on my lips as I bottomed out in her cunt. She truly felt awesome around my cock.

Damn, I groaned, savoring that pussy around my cock. Gods damn, that's good.

It is, whimpered the oracle. Ooh, yes, yes, take me, Son of Las!

My sister winked at me as she ground her snatch on the oracle's mouth. 

I drew back my cock, loving the heat of that hot snatch gripping me. The pleasure swept down my shaft to my balls. I thrust into the demigoddess's pussy. Her hot cunt squeezed around my cock in such an exciting way. 

She moaned into my sister's cunt. The oracle's jaw moved as she ate Pyrriah's red-furred muff. My sister groaned, her boobs swaying as she squirmed on the oracle's mouth. I loved that sight as I drew back my cock.

Las's big dick, I groaned at how tight the oracle was. 

You'd never know she was thousands of years old. She felt like she was sixteen.

I rammed back into her snatch. I fucked to the hilt in her cunt again and again. I loved the way her pussy massaged my cock. She held me tight with that wonderful grip. I thrust into her over and over again, reveling in that delight.

It was fantastic to ram into her cunt again and again. I fucked to the hilt in her snatch. I buried into her again and again. It was an awesome delight to enjoy. I loved every second of her pussy gripping me. 

My balls swelled with the pressure.

The ache grew at the tip of my cock.

Ooh, that's so good, Pyrriah moaned. Work that tongue around in my snatch.

Yes, I groaned, feeling the hot pussy around my dick. That's just amazing!

I savored every second of that hot pussy around my cock. I loved it so much as I fucked into her twat. She massaged me, bringing me closer and closer to erupting in her snatch. I would flood her with everything that I had.

It was a lovely delight to bury into her. I savored that passion again and again. I fucked into her cunt again and again. She squeezed around me. She held me tight with that delicious snatch, my nuts slapping into her taint.

Gods damn, I groaned.

Yes! whimpered the oracle, her orgasm swelling in her.

Ooh, she's going to make me cum, whimpered Pyrriah, light flickering through her hair.

Good, I groaned to my sister as I fucked the oracle hard.

The moment swelled faster and faster with each thrust of my dick into that hot pussy. I churned up the oracle's twat. She held me tight, gripping me as I fucked into her cunt's depths. She wiggled her hips, stirring me up.

The oracle quivered, on the verge of cumming. I could feel her about to explode. I loved that so much. I plowed to the hilt in her as she groaned out in delight. I loved the sounds she made as I buried into her cunt.

I buried into her cunt, and she squealed. Her pussy went wild around my dick. She suckled at me with her hot cunt. She nursed with such passion on my dick. I groaned as I pumped away at the oracle's snatch, reveling in that delight.

Gewin's mighty cock! Pyrriah gasped. Her fiery hair burst with scarlet light as she came.

Her body bucked, her pussy juices gushing out to drown the oracle. My sister moaned, her boobs bouncing. I loved the sight of her cumming, feeling her pleasure rushing through her body. It was so hot as I buried into the oracle's snatch.

I erupted.

My cum flooded her pussy and rushed to her womb. I planted my seed in her cunt. She groaned as she suckled at me. Her cunt rippled around me as I felt her... knowing me. A strange sensation rushed through my body as she rippled about my cock.

I groaned, loving what she did to me. It was a fantastic rush to have her doing that. I loved every second of her nursing on me. I groaned, erupting into her again and again. She suckled at my dick as I pumped her full of my seed.

Yes! gasped the oracle. Oh, yes, yes, I can see!

I groaned as I erupted one last time, my entire body quivering with excitement to learn what she had seen. To know where we had to go to find the Cradle of Life. Her pussy rippled around me while my sister shuddered and fell off her onto the pillows.

The oracle stared up at me with pussy cream spilling down her cheeks. My heart pounded as I waited for her prophecy. 

To be continued...
