*** Warning - the story below contains material of a sexual nature not suitable for children. Children should not read! ***

** All characters are intended to be fictional. **

* This is my first posting of a story to the web - I'd appreciate your comments, which you can post here:

http://www1.asstr.org/cgi-bin/ah_feedback.cgi?id=APGZETGAELWHQFINKFNT

 - Ephebophile, 4.01.2011 *




Sofia



I had travelled to Sofia to write. It was cheap to live there, I knew nobody, and Sofia had both architectural charm and exoticism, at least to me, an Australian. Bulgaria seemed it might be the forgotten world close to the modern world, and I hoped not only to spend many productive hours writing but to meet some warm hearts, the way people used to be in the West. I don't remember those days  - I'm thirty-one - but I had a sense that the more we gained materially, the more we lost immaterially. 

Anyway, I found a flat without too much difficulty, at the happy price where the landlady thought she was ripping me off and I thought I was getting away cheaply. It was lovely, I have to say. There was just one bedroom, then a study, a living room, a bathroom and a kitchen, but they were all spacious. It had an ornate feel, and I got the impression the flat had once been part of something much larger, a bourgeois family's dwelling - lots of detail in the high ceilings, a feeling of sturdiness and plushness.

Everyone had told me I was crazy moving to Sofia, but when I'd arranged things within days, and then immediately gotten down to writing, spending hours and hours at my desk, I could soon savour my decision. I was planning on being there some time - six months or even a year - and so I took my time to get to know the city. I'd take a run for three quarters of an hour or so at dusk, and do my shopping, but apart from that I was taking the writing pretty seriously, and that pleased me.

Maybe the language barrier helped. It seemed the younger people sometimes spoke decent English, but there were less English speakers than I imagined, and the older people didn't know a word. Everything in Bulgaria is in Bulgarian script, too - more or less the same as Russian Cyrillic, which was an added barrier, though I picked it up pretty quickly. You have to. But having more trouble talking to people extended my hermit period, and thus extended my intense writing period. 

I noticed I attracted some curiosity from the locals. Maybe from my clothes, maybe because I didn't look Bulgarian or even Greek or Romanian, people rarely took me for a local and would watch me a bit. It didn't matter to me.

I'm a fairly social guy, though - you want to talk to people. One Thursday I was running a different route than normal and went past a club that had in Roman script:  "Foreigner Night. Free foreigners". I had a little chuckle and stopped and had a look - I had hardly come across another foreigner at all, and so the sign was intriguing. I poked my head into the stairway that must have led to the club - seemed pretty nice inside. 

Went home and showered and ate, wondering if I should go see what the fuck they meant by free foreigners. "Why not?" I asked myself eventually. Writing was going well, and something different is often a source of stimulation. I put on a nice shirt, did myself up a little and walked over to the club about eleven in the evening.

There were a couple of thickset bouncers at the top of the stairs, the type you see once every four years at the Olympics, the only time any non-Bulgarian ever hears of Bulgaria. They had a bimbo alongside, wasn't my type  - huge tits, quite a lot of make-up, her dress just a bit too slutty. They said something in Bulgarian and so I just pointed to myself and said  "Australian. Australian." They looked at me in confusion a little while and so I pulled out a few things from my wallet to give them an idea - driver's license, my Sydney Harbour pool pass, things like that. The bimbo gave me a big smile and the thugs laughed a bit, and they let me in, saying "Welcome, welcome".

You wonder where they get their money sometimes. You walk around the streets and all the pavements are crumbling apart, there'll be water running out of cracks in the road and all sorts of things - but this club was pristinely done up. Good set of priorities, maybe. It was dark, but lit in with a few ultra-violets, there was a big dance floor on a stage, with all kinds of things hanging down - old communist kitsch car parts, Greek statues, chains suspending little stages where girls were dancing...a lounge area, a muted lamp here and there - and a really cool couple of bars. 

I went and got myself a drink - they had cocktail names written in English and I picked one at random, and they brought me a huge glass of it. Tasted good. I stood at the bar a while, taking the place in, having a decent look at the girls behind the bar. I couldn't see anything foreign about anything, and from the little I could make out, it seemed like all Bulgarians. 

The place was pretty steadily getting busy. I had a little walk around, returned to the bar, got another cocktail. The music was pretty awful, the kind of plastic that's forgotten after a few months, but there was a lot of dancing going on, and I liked it. There was that slutty Eastern European aspect to it that I had kind of fantasised about more than once - raw sexuality, great bodies, and plain desire. The bimbo from the entry came in at some point and was having little chats to people around - once or twice I saw them looking at me while they talked.

I was soon tipsy, and found my way onto the dance floor, giving it a bit of a go, just enjoying myself, taking a look at the girls. Some seemed young, and I wondered what the legal age for nightclubbing was...18? 16? But there were plenty of girls in their twenties and a few in their thirties or more. It seemed Bulgarian women didn't age terribly well, but in their youth they were very hot. The guys looked all a bit thick headed, reminded me of some stories I'd heard about internet dating when the guys had posted pictures of themselves posing with machine guns. Jesus.

More cocktails, and my memory getting hazy. Dancing. Girls. Drinking. Not understanding a fucking word. Roaring out I was Australian like an idiot. Taxi. Girl in taxi. My flat. Keys? Keys. Girl in flat. Might have fucked her...

Grogginess; the morning. Pretty bad - hadn't been out drinking in a long time. Made it to the bathroom, everything out the right holes, and relief. I walked back into my bedroom and - there, on the bed, a girl, asleep, face in the pillow, the quilt covering most of her. A slender calf and a foot poking out of one end. I had only the vaguest memory of her, but I was beginning to sober up pretty quickly...

I decided to take a quick shower, wash the grime away, get my head straight. I couldn't imagine what this girl looked like, but I loved the shape of that calf of hers. Out I came, found her just as I'd left her. I felt myself getting hard, and slipped into the bed next to her, lifting up the covers to slide right up beside her. I glimpsed a supple back, a girlish ass. More and more curious, I lifted her slightly curly brunette hair to one side, and kissed her neck. I put my arm around her body, slowly ran my hand up from her belly to her breasts - a surprisingly nice size, and firm. I felt her stir, push her body a little into mine. My cock, semi erect, pressed into her upper thigh. She was so lean!

I lay there a few moments, appreciating her body as I was sure I did not the night before. As much as I struggled I couldn't remember fucking her...I raised my head and looked around for a condom packet, but there was none...and I was usually pretty good at being safe. I rested my head back on the pillow, staring into the mass of her hair - a little curly, brunette but with sun-lightened touches. I could make out a graceful ear.

She pressed into me again, and the feel of her firmness, and the knowledge of her subconscious desire, her want of a cock inside her even in her sleep, finally made me fully hard. I would give her what she wanted.

I ran my hand down from her breasts to her mound. Quite hairy, and as I played with it, I felt a stiffness and a slight stickiness. I must have cum into her bush. Down past her bush I slid my fingers, pressing firmly, parting her lips. From the feel of it she was one of those girls whose cuntal lips are almost hairless...and now I was at her opening, and mmmm, she was very wet. 

I wasn't sure if she was awake or not, but I began to kiss her neck, and manoeuvred myself into position to slide into her cunt from behind. I gripped my rock hard cock and slipped it between her thighs, and I felt her push her ass out towards me. Vaguely I wondered how she'd react if I pressed it into her asshole while she still seemed to be asleep, but I wanted to feel this girl's cunt. I positioned her slightly more favourably, and got my cock right up between her legs, and then I was fucking my cock along the lips of her cunt.

Now I felt her hand - her small, delicate hand - circle around my shaft, and then in an instant she was directing it into her cunt, straight into her hole. What encouragement! I pressed into her, and straight away felt her tightness. What a cunt this girl had! I couldn't fuck her very deeply in the position we were in, but it was so good - her soft asscheeks against my belly, her back nestled into mine, my lips on her neck and shoulders, her hair covering my face...and her lovely tight cunt. I felt her breasts again, her nipples very hard, and I had to spend quite some time doing that because they just felt so perfect - but then I ran my hand down her slender belly, into the curls of her mound, and through to her lips, and started to give her clit a little massage. She began to really fuck back at me, rocking her ass in towards me, helping me penetrate her more deeply. I felt the wetness from her pussy start to run down to the base of my cock, and trickle down my balls. 

Her hand came and joined mine at her clit. She was getting frantic now, trying to turn her head to kiss me, and thrusting her whole body into mine with close-to-cumming strength. She couldn't kiss me, but I could just make out her profile, and I could see her tongue lolling out, circling around as though she had it in my mouth.

Fuck! I felt her start to cum, forcing herself as hard as she could onto my cock, and I started to panic, because I was about to cum inside her. I pulled out of her gorgeous cunt and immediately began cumming over it, over her asshole, onto her ass.  I went as manically as I could with my fingers on her clit, knowing she was still orgasming, one of those long, incredible female orgasms that go on and on and on. My oh my could she cum, and Jesus, how I had just cum...

It took me a while to regain mastery of my brain. I rested on my back and basked in the postscript of my orgasm as the glow slowly faded. After a few moments I heard the rustle of the bedcover and felt the girl slip out of bed, walk over towards the bathroom on the other side of the room. I craned my neck a little to watch her. What poise as she walked! An ass like a sixteen year old, her hips swaying a little, her shoulder blades prominent, all elegance and grace. I could make out my cum glistening not just on her ass but on her lower back. It was probably running down her legs too...           

I must have fallen asleep. When I woke I was looking straight at her - she was standing with my towel wrapped around her torso, watching me as I slept with a strange curiosity. It was the first time I'd seen her face. She looked...young.

"I've never had a man as old as you before," she said with a strong Bulgarian accent, but perfectly correctly.

I considered this. "I'm not that old," I replied.

She appraised me. "Thirty-four? Thirty-five?"

"Thirty-one."

"Oh," she said, with something of an apologetic note.

Then she said: "I'm fourteen."

I let that numb me for a few moments. "Fourteen?"

"Yes...do you have coffee?"

Jesus, so matter of fact. "Yes, I do - let me get you some."

And I got out of bed, more embarrassed about my nakedness than I normally would have been...fourteen, for God's sake! But so gorgeous! If I didn't know better, I would have taken her as Italian - her curly brunette hair, slightly olive skin, strong eyebrows, dark eyes, largish nose. She breasts, which I'd already taken a liking to, were now even more impressive - it's a rare fourteen year old with breasts so full. As I said before, I'm not one for huge breasts - but nice and full kindles many a man's heart.

We walked into the kitchen and I got the coffee going. I'm a bit of a coffee connoisseur, and had bought a little percolator when I'd arrived, and found a luxury supermarket to get some decent ground beans. The girl took a deep smell as it got going, and murmured her appreciation. I took another look at her. She was half sitting, half leaning against the kitchen counter, the towel still wrapped around her, knotted between her breasts. It reached just down past her hips, covering her pussy, but her thin, delicate legs were bare, stretching like a fawn's down to her pretty little feet. I resisted the impulse to raise that towel up just a little and bury my face in her cunt...instead I apologised for my nakedness and told her I'd go and put something on. 

I returned a moment later in a dressing gown I liked to wear about the flat. So old man of me, but fuck it, I liked it. I got the coffee sorted out and gave her her cup, and leaned on the opposite side of the kitchen, sipping my brew. She was looking at me again.

"You're Australian?" she asked.

"Yeah. Did we meet last night?" I returned.

"You don't remember? You were very drunk. We meeted in the club."

"Met. Do they let fourteen year old girls into clubs here?"

"I was twelve when I went to the club the first time."

"Twelve?!"

"Yes."

"Yes but...now you have a woman's body...but when you were twelve?" 

"No, I didn't. I put newspaper in my bra and put my lipstick."

I thought this over a moment, a bit disgusted. "I like your coffee," she said.

"Why did you want to go clubbing when you were twelve?"

"My friends were going."

"Your friends too?"

"Yes. In Australia..."

"In Australia that would never happen. Maybe sixteen, if the girl really looks older. But the law is eighteen."

"Australia must be boring."

I laughed. "It's ok."

"I like your cock. You're good. Do all Australians fuck like you?"

"I don't know. Do all Bulgarian girls fuck when they are fourteen?"

"Not all."

"I've never fucked a fourteen year old. Not even when I was a teenager."

It was her turn to laugh. "Welcome to Bulgaria."

She'd emptied her cup, came over to me, set the cup down in the sink. She reached down and slipped her hand underneath my dressing gown, and cupped my balls. I put an arm around her, pushed her towel up, planting my hand on her bare ass. It was perfection. She leaned into me and kissed my chest, once and then once again. I was hard again, and her hand was feeling my size. 

"What's your name?" I asked quietly.

"Sofia."

I smiled. Sofia, Sofia, Sofia...

"And you?" she asked me back.

"David."

She kissed my chest again. 

"I want to fuck you, Sofia."

"Fuck me then." She unknotted her towel and let it drop to the floor, and for the first time I could admire her front. But just as I did, she turned around and leaned over the kitchen counter, keeping her legs straight, arching her back, poking out her ass. I stared at this incredible sight, not really believing it was reality. Her ass cheeks stood firm and proudly, her asshole was there for the world to see, her pussy hung down, covered in her dark fur. Thinking "I'm about to knowingly fuck a fourteen year old", and feeling more keenly the surreality, I rested my hands either side of her ass, then opened her up a little further. She had a few little moles on her back that I noticed absently. She turned her head to look at me, her dark eyes alight, her eyebrows framing them just...just so. 

"Welcome to Bulgaria," she said again. I tore off my gown and leant over as far as I could, my mouth wanting hers. We kissed, kissed hotly, tongues immediately finding each other. My cock was pressed up between her asscheeks. A few thrusts between them and I would cum again...

No, I wanted to really pleasure her, not just cum myself in a minute. I dismounted and dropped to my knees, and stared straight into her cunt and ass. I had the overwhelming feeling I could spend all day with my tongue rolling over her hairy slit. Pretty roughly, I yanked her asscheeks apart, spreading her cunt, and to my pleasure I watched as a tendril of her pussy wetness stretched across her dilated vagina. Fuck - oh fuck. She had such a wet cunt. I stuck my tongue out and collected that bit of slime...sharp, sour, intoxicating.

I let myself get a better look at her cunt. Her hair was thick and neatly trimmed above her lips, then the forest stopped above the top of her slit. I had a fleeting picture of her sitting with her legs spread, scissors in hand, trimming her lush mound. Right then she must really have been aroused, because her clit was quite prominent - I teased it a little with my tongue, heard her breath in sharply. Her inner lips were on the large side, but still somehow neat, and were a deep pink, with a tinge of brown.

I pressed my face into her and began to eat. My tongue circled her clit, and my nose pressed into her wet hole. Her aroma was pure sex. All I could see was her tight, clean asshole, and I wondered how she'd like it if I were to move up and rim it. She was already whimpering from the clitoral stimulation, and it was easy to tell she would cum in a moment. I slipped my right index finger into her asshole, just a little way, but enough. She reacted immediately, started pushing back onto it, at the same time tensing her svelte legs, cumming. I kept going with my tongue and with my finger, and she was spasming intensely...her vaginal hole was sodden wet, and my nose was coated in her juices. They were running down into my mouth, and I could hardly breathe, but I kept at my ministrations until, finally, finally her spasms subsided, and she lifted one leg over my body so that she was stood at my side. I turned on my knees, kissed her slim belly, kissed her bellybutton, and she ran her hands through my hair. Looking up at her face, I could see her nipples swollen and erect, her full breasts standing proudly and firmly. I stood and kissed her mouth, and again our tongues found each other.

"You like how you taste?" I asked her after a minute or two.

"Yes." She had her hands on my chest. I was still rock hard, and took her hand and placed it on my cock. She looked down at it, admiring it.

"Such a big one," she said.

"How many have you had?" I asked.

"Six. Now seven."

"Are you sure I'm the oldest?"

She looked me in the eye with some kind of mischief. "No."

"You've got such perfect tits," I couldn't help saying.

"They growed fast after I losed virginity," she replied.

"When was that?"

"Last year."

"So you were thirteen?"

"Yes."

"Hmm," I said. "That's a bit young I think."

"Why? I had period."

What could I say? With my cock in her hand, having presumably fucked her once last night, having certainly fucked her this morning, and still with the taste of her cunt in my mouth, I could hardly tell her she shouldn't have fucked when she was thirteen. 

I dropped my hand to her cunt and felt her up. "We fucked without a condom," I said instead.

"I take pill."

"But diseases..."

"I know you're safe."

"How?"

"I don't know, but I'm sure."

And for some reason I believed her - I sensed she had a strong intuition. She was still fondling my cock, and I was running my fingers up and down her slit. She leaned in and kissed my neck.

"I like you David," she said quietly. Then: "Will you fuck me?"

Jesus. I bent down and kissed her breasts, then took her left nipple in my mouth. She raised herself on her toes and tried to raise her shoulder so I could suck it more easily. I cupped her ass in my hands. I think she kissed the top of my head. I left off with her nipple and took a look at it - after it left my mouth it seemed to swell out of shape - it must have been a centimetre long.

She had her hands back on my cock, and she must have really been wanting a cock inside of her, because she started to try to direct my cock into her hole, even though I stood much taller than her, and I simply couldn't have fucked her in that position. Actually it was a little painful to have my cock stretched downwards when I was so erect...

Minx. I put my arms around her, picked her up by her thighs, and lifted her up so our eyes were level. She wrapped her legs around me, and my cock pushed into her body, somewhere between her cunt and her asshole. I shifted and held her out a bit, and found her wetness with the head of my cock, and lowered her down onto it. But - even though she was sopping wet and she must have been completely dilated, my cock slipped over her cunt and up through her forest of hair. We repeated that. The next time she reached down and held my cock in place as I lowered her down onto it, and then I felt that tight wetness enveloping my cock. I lifted her and lowered her several times until my cock was properly lubed, then I let it sink in all the way.

Again I experienced that perfect tightness, that snug wetness gripping the entirety of my cock. I had guessed by now that she must have had a lot of sex already in her short sexual life, and so at that moment, inside her again, I was a little surprised at just how tight she was. I fucked her for a few minutes with long, deep strokes, appreciating just what a perfect cunt she had, closing my eyes to concentrate solely on that heavenly sensation. When I opened my eyes I saw she'd thrown her head back, and was in as much ecstasy as me...we had a rhythm, she helping raise herself, then me pulling her down on me as I thrust inside her. I looked down and noticed the view of my cock was mostly obscured by the knot of her ab muscles, working hard. My gaze returned to her face...traces of pain shot across her face the once or twice the head of my cock hit her womb, but I knew she didn't give a fuck about the pain, she wanted my thick cock as deeply inside her as possible. She was opening her legs wider while gripping me with her feet tighter, pulling me into her with surprising strength. I kept at it, giving her all I could, my arms burning with the effort of lifting her, lowering her, keeping her airborne. She drew herself right into me, her arms around my neck, until her breasts were pressed hard against my chest. Sweat began to coat both of us, and my grip on her ass became slippery. I felt her mouth half biting into my shoulder, and slowly her drool running down from my shoulder to my chest, and her breasts. Now that pre-orgasmic extra-human strength came to me, and I furiously fucked into her pussy, and I felt her teeth sink into my flesh, her fingernails digging in like a cat's claws. Then - euphoria - and my sperm was spurting into her womb, filling her needy insides. It was such an intense orgasm, and lasted so long, spots of colour irradiated in my vision, and as I began to regather some self-awareness, I realised I was close to fainting. But I held her tight against me, let the last drops of my sperm leak into her, felt my cock spasm inside her in its dying throes. 

After - what, a minute? two? - of the exhausted, pleasant, downhill glow of my orgasm, I felt her raise her head from my shoulder, and our eyes met.

"Fuck," she said.

"I think we have some chemistry," said I, and let her onto her own two feet. She kept her arms around me and kissed my chest, standing there with her cunt full of my cum. When she finished her hug of me, I took her hand and led her back to the bedroom, and we collapsed onto my bed.

"You're so comfortable being naked," I said, as I was a bit surprised that she hadn't wanted to cover up after sex.

"Yes, of course," she replied, though I didn't really know what she meant.

I caressed one of her breasts. "So nice," I murmured.

"After I started sex they grew big," she let me know. I smiled. She reached down and stroked my soft cock. "And this?" she asked. "Did it grow big once you started sex?"

I laughed. "No, I don't think so. Ever since puberty it has been this size."

"I think it's biggest I've had. For sure it is most wide."

"You like it?"

"Very much."

"Did you orgasm just before?" I asked.

"Four times. Sorry about this," she said, pointing to what I now noticed were purplish teeth marks on my skin, punctuated with little points of blood.

I leaned into her and kissed her. "That's ok." If I hadn't recently had one of the most incredible orgasms of my life, I'd probably have been hard again. We did have some kind of chemistry, Sofia and me.

*End Part 1*