Raven the Pole Dancer
by shiveringgirl123©

Raven had hit a financial low, having graduated she was struggling to get a job in her chosen field, the bills were mounting and her rent hadn't been paid for a few months now. She needed money now, there was no time to get a job and wait a month until payday, her options were becoming more and more scarce.

Raven, named after her jet black hair she'd had since birth, found herself once again scouring the internet for jobs, submitting her resume to any firm she could think of when she stumbled across an advert requiring dancers.

"Dancers needed for city centre private club, immediate start, dancers keep all tips".

As the days passed, Raven hid from her landlord on a number of occasions and refused to answer the door for fear of debt collectors. The advert she tried to put out of her head just kept popping back in, there was no use, she picked up the phone to call the club. The owner answered and asked her to come in for an audition straight away, she was to bring a bikini and some high heels.

It was lunch time so the club was closed, knocking on the door Raven felt sick with fear, not knowing what she was letting herself in for. A tall, strong man answered the door and introduced himself as Anthony, the club's owner, he was wearing a fairly tight t-shirt showing off his chest and arm muscles and a pair of faded jeans. Raven followed him in the club, there were comfortable looking leather sofas around the edges of the different rooms with stages in the middle, each with a metal dance pole. Anthony pointed out a series of smaller rooms at the rear of the club used for private dances, apparently this was where she'd earn her tips.

'Did you bring a bikini and heels like I asked?'

'Erm yes' replied Raven, pulling them out of her bag. She showed him a pretty pink bikini she'd bought last summer, hoping to go on holiday after she'd graduated, and a pair of pink sandals with a modest two inch heel.

Anthony looked at the items and shook his head, 'These won't do'. He reached behind the bar and rummaged around for a while before pulling out a pair of clear stripper heals with a narrow six inch heel and a two inch platform. 'These are much sexier'. He handed them to Raven and looked her up and down before rummaging around one more, this time pulling out a different bikini, it was still pink but it was made of PVC. 'This should fit' he exclaimed, handing it to her.

Anthony told her to go and change in the toilets whilst he found a suitable song for her to dance to. Raven changed quickly, shaking slightly with nerves. She'd never ever worn anything like this before, never anything in PVC and never heels this high. Looking in the mirror she barely recognised herself. Her long flowing black hair looked good against the pink bikini and it pushed her breasts upwards creating gorgeous cleavage. The bikini bottoms were a thong and the heels made her legs look so long and beautiful.

Teetering out of the changing room she walked as steadily as she could on the heels and climbed up on to one of the stages, holding the pole for balance. Anthony started a CD playing and sat down on one of the sofas, he told her to relax, that it was easy, all you had to do was sway and look sexy.

Raven tried her best, pushing her pert little ass out and bending over, arching her back and giving her potential new boss lots of eye contact. 

'Very good' smiled Anthony. 'Now take the bra off'.

'What?' asked Raven, open-mouthed.

'It's a strip club Raven, what did you expect? If you want this job you need to keep dancing and take that top off so I can see your tits'.

His tone was a little threatening but he was right, she should've know this is what the job entailed and as much as she didn't want to admit it, she really needed the job. She continued dancing, sliding her back down the pole, squatting facing Anthony she slid the straps off her shoulders and ran her hand up her back to undo the clasp. The bra fell to the floor revealing her young pert breasts. She looked up to see Anthony smiling 'Good girl' he whispered 'Keep dancing'. As the music picked up in tempo she started to dance faster, her bare breasts bouncing as she moved.

'How much do you need this job Raven?'

'I really need it Anthony' she replied, her hands gliding over the pole.

'Lose the panties, if you want to earn good tips you need to dance naked'.

Raven struggled with this idea, she didn't feel comfortable being completely naked in front of a stranger. 'I don't think I can' she whispered.

'Come here' demanded Anthony. Raven stepped down from the stage and walked over, stumbling a little in the heels. Anthony grabbed hold of her and pulled her over his lap so fast that she was powerless to stop him. A bare hand came down hard across her ass as he spanked her three times hard. Her ass become hot as blood flowed to the area. 'You need this job Raven' he growled. 'Now you can either leave now and waste both our times or you can do exactly as I say and you'll leave this evening with a hell of a lot of money'. 

Raven was panting in fear, she felt his hand slide between her ass cheeks and start massaging the mount of her pussy under the PVC thong. 'Come on baby' he said softly this time. 'You know what to do'. He helped Raven back to her feet and motioned to the stage.

Raven held back a tear and got hold of her pole, she jiggled around to the music and slid her thong down her legs. 'That's better baby' smiled Anthony. 'The punters will love you, now start acting more slutty, bend over and show me your ass'. Raven did as he asked, swaying her butt from side to side in time to the music. 'Now squat down facing me, good, spread your legs for me'. Raven could feel his eyes all over her, lingering over her breasts and pussy. 'Do you like acting slutty baby?'

Raven smiled, she was actually starting to get in to it now, it was kind of empowering seeing a man get so turned on by her body. 'Yes, I think I do'.

'Come over here, let's talk money'.

Raven walked over again, naked other than a smile and her heels. 'Those shoes look so hot' said Anthony. Raven stood in front of him, looking down she could see the massive bulge in his jeans. He reached a hand out and gently rubbed her ass 'You make all your money doing private dances, the punters pay £20 for a topless dance and £30 for fully nude, loads of guys will pay for multiple dances, you can make hundreds of pounds a night.'

'That sounds great' smiled Raven. Anthony handed her £30 and said it was for the nude dance she'd done already.

'Good because I really want to give you this job but I'm not sure that you're slutty enough to handle men looking at you and groping you all night'.

'I'm sure I'll be ok' replied Raven, Anthony's hands now on her tits, gently squeezing them and rubbing her nipples.

'Prove it baby, show me what a slut you can be'.

Raven slowly slid to her knees and unzipped Anthony's jeans, she pulled his hard cock from his pants and gasped as she held it in her hands. It was rock hard, not too big, just right. She pumped her hands up and down over him and brought her head towards it, licking the tip she then rubbed the head of his cock over her lips to moisten them before pushing her mouth as far over him as she could.

'That's a good slut' groaned Anthony, stroking her black hair and gently pulling her further down his shaft. His hands slid around to the front of her body and played with her nipples, squeezing them and rubbing them between his fingers. Raven moaned with pleasure as he did this. 'Do you like your boss groping your tits Raven?'

Raven released Anthony's dick from her mouth to answer 'It feels so hot' before devouring him again. She sucked on his hard cock for what seemed like eternity, letting her tongue explore every inch of his throbbing dick. 

Anthony lifted her head from him and reached into his pocket and handed her another two £20 notes. 'I told you that you could earn a lot of money today Raven, no one will arrive for tonight's shift for at least another hour, how much money do you want to earn before then?'

She smiled 'As much as I can' and climbed on to him, straddling his lap she guided his dick into her and Anthony's back arched in pleasure and she pushed herself down on to him. 'You're such a good little slut baby' he groaned, with his eyes closed he pulled £20 from his jeans and handed it to her. 'Ride me slut'.

Raven began to bounce gently up and down on his dick, she was panting, her hands playing with her own breasts, a nice show for Anthony when he opened his eyes. 'Mmm, that's what I like' and with that he handed her another £20 note. Raven just kept getting faster, she already had enough to pay her gas bill, at this rate she could be debt free in one night.

'There's a £5 note here for every time I spank you baby, how much do you want?'

Raven leant forwards to present more of a target for Anthony and told him she wanted to earn £50 for getting spanked.

Anthony's hand came down hard on her ass twice, the slapping noise echoing around the room. 'You're a slut aren't you?'

'Yes'

Slap, he hit her again.

'Tell me what you are'.

'I'm a dirty little slut who loves your hard cock' she shouted.

Slap.

'I'm a filthy whore'.

Slap.

'I'm riding your cock for money'.

Slap.

'I'm a fucking dirty, cock hungry bitch'.

Slap. Anthony leant over her 'Oh baby your ass is so red, you have three spanks left, if you're a cock hungry bitch you need to bark like one'.

Raven growled in Anthony's ear 'Woof, Woof, Woof'.

The three final spanks came down on her and Anthony threw a pile of £5 notes on the floor. 'Go pick them up slut'.

Raven got on her knees, facing away from Anthony, her ass pointed up in the air. He couldn't resist, he slid off the sofa and once again pushed his big firm cock into her tight little pussy, throwing another pile of £5 notes on the floor. 'Do you like your new job?' he asked, starting to thrust in and out of her quickly.

Her voice shaking she replied 'Yes Sir' and his hands reached around and pulled on her nipples, one hand let go and slid up to her head, gathering up her hair, holding it in a pony tail. Anthony pulled on her hair, her head tilting back.

Raven was almost screaming now, begging Anthony to fuck her harder and harder, on the verge of orgasm, the walls of her pussy started to contract. She felt like such a slut, such a whore, she'd never felt this way before and she loved it, the pile of money around her was just a bonus.

As Raven's orgasm mounted a voice giggled from the back of the room, 'Anthony you just can't help yourself can you?' Raven looked up to see a curvy, red haired girl, dressed in jeans and a t-shirts but holding a pair of stripper heels, Raven guessed she was another dancer. Embarrassed, she tried to get up but Anthony kept hold of her hair, he was still fucking her naked body doggy style. 

'Raven this is Cassie, but her dancer name is Candy'.

Candy smiled at her, 'He must really like you, normally he just gets the new dancers to blow him'. Raven heard Anthony grunting behind her, his body stiffening up, 'I'm coming' he panted, as hot sperm shot up in to Raven. 'Oh you're a god slut' he panted once more before pulling out and telling Candy to take Raven to the changing rooms. 'Her shift starts in two minutes'.

Candy extended a hand to Raven who gathered up her money and followed Candy, 'So', she asked 'Do you think you'll like working here?'

Raven ran her hands through her hair and looked in the mirror, her body glistened in sweat and her ass still had red patches from being spanked. She smiled back at Candy. 'I think I'm going to love it.
