Laura 05 - Laura Goes Dogging
by WolfyLikes

Laura gets persuaded to visit a dogging site.

Continued from Laura's Public Exposure...

Although I'd woken up grumpy this morning, I was still a little horny too, judging by my damp pussy.

I was grumpy because I'd split up with Darren yesterday. We'd come to a mutual agreement that living so far apart just wasn't working, especially for me, but I had loved him. I told him that having sex over skype until we actually managed to see each other wasn't enough for me. What I didn't tell him was that although he enjoyed watching me have sex with other people, I wanted to have sex with other people without waiting for him to be around.

My pussy was damp because I'd been dreaming about being tied up over the park we'd visited. Darren had sent me a copy of the video he'd recorded, and I'd masturbated several times watching it back. The feeling of being helpless, and used by first John, with the help of his wife Joan, then Paul and Pete, was almost as good watching as it had been at the time. It had also stirred up memories of my encounter with the security guards and the blackmail seeing to they'd given me.

I sent a text message to the phone number that Joan had given me, just to let her know it was me. I wasn't entirely sure I knew why I'd given her my number now, but she'd intrigued me at the time, so it seemed like a good idea. Maybe thinking about my dream had somehow made me contact her. I don't know if I was expecting us to become best friends or something, I barely knew them. I got a reply about thirty minutes after sending mine.

"Hey, good to hear from you. It's weird because John and I were talking about you last night. At work at the moment, hence the late reply will message you tonight when home," the text message said.

I read the message twice trying to decipher it. I'd have to wait for her next message to understand it properly. I had an hour to kill before getting ready for my afternoon lecture, so went in the shower and daydreamed about Joan and John. I finished my shower, dried myself off, and went to my bedroom to get dressed. My phone lay on my bed, a flashing light telling me I had a message. I opened my phone and read.

"This will sound a little weird, but I had a 'friend' round last night while John and her hubby watched, when we'd finished they were telling us about a dogging site they know which isn't well known but gets a few visitors to it. We told them it wasn't our thing, but when they'd gone we were talking about how you weren't bothered who found you in the park, so wondered if it would interest you? Let me know if you are."

I re-read the message. If it wasn't their thing, why were they inviting me? Although in saying that, the idea of random strangers did intrigue me. I was a virgin until I met Darren and until the security guards not long ago he had been my only lover. His watching me with others had made me realise that I had been playing catch-up with my sex life, my sexual urges had gone into overdrive, and I also wasn't too fussy about who it was with.

I messaged Joan back and asked her, but she said she would just send me the details of where it was, and when it was busiest in case I wanted to go in gently at first. John and she wouldn't be there. She asked if Darren would be going with me, and I told her I'd probably be alone because we'd split up.

"You're never thinking about going on your own surely?" read the next message. "Would you feel safe, let alone having to drive back afterwards?" it continued.

She had a point. I had no problem going on my own, surely it couldn't be much different to being left padlocked to the tree? But depending on how many men were there, and knowing how jelly legged I got after I'd come, I'd be in no fit state to drive for a while after.

"Haven't got much of a choice," I replied, "Nobody at uni or my work knows of my sex life, and I'd like to keep it that way."

It took a while for Joan to reply. Her response shocked me a little.

"I'm not going, it's not my thing. I sleep with other women but no other man but John. However, John will accompany you if you come and pick him up, although he says just to make sure you're ok."

John wanted to come and Joan was allowing him to? I'd feel a little safer I suppose, and it wasn't like John hadn't fucked me while I was tied up, even if Joan had been there then. She did say it was just to make sure I was safe, so perhaps he was just going to watch.

My extremely wet pussy was telling me the answer was yes, although I didn't let Joan know the answer until I'd made sure it was dealt with, fingering myself to orgasm in minutes. The plan was that she'd send me their address, I'd park there and John would drive us in his car to the dogging spot. She'd even make up their spare room in case I wanted to stay there rather than drive home afterwards.

We arranged for me to go up there on Friday evening next week. I'd travel up after finishing work at midday, then John would drive me so we got there at around 7 pm. It would get dark at around 8 pm so it would give us chance to see who was around. John ran his own business so was giving himself Friday off work.

The remaining days up to the date seemed to go so slowly, and my work and uni efforts weren't as good as usual as my mind kept racing, thinking of what was in store for me. Finishing work on Friday I was so excited I wanted to go home and masturbate but decided to leave myself be. Even getting dressed made me damp down below. Black stockings and suspenders, black lacy thong and matching bra, a black pleated skirt which reached halfway down my thighs, and a black silky top with buttons right up the front. I would have to wear trainers to drive in but had a pair of black heels for the evening. Even saying so myself, I looked really sexy.

Joan had sent me their address and I'd set it into my satnav. Every time I had to stop at traffic lights my hand would wander down and a finger would trace across my clit, just enough to keep me on edge until the next lights. I pulled up at one set of lights and a truck pulled up alongside me, his cab far higher than my sitting position. I quickly flicked a button on the dashboard and the sunroof opened, at the same time, I hitched my skirt up over my stocking tops, and undid a couple of my top buttons. I looked at him, and the driver looked back, then did a quick double-take as he took in my state of undress. A big grin came over his face, and he gave me a thumbs up. I left my clothing like this for the rest of my journey.

I arrived at John and Joan's house, and Joan came to the door as she'd seen my car pull up. I parked next to John's car, the driveway was wide enough to do so. Joan whistled as I got out of the car. I threw my trainers off and into my car, replaced them with my heels, and went into the house. We had a while before John said it would the right time to go, so I sat on the sofa. Joan made sure she sat so that John had to sit right opposite me. I made a point of fidgeting and scratching my legs, trying to get John to look. It didn't seem to be working. After a while, myself and Joan were in their kitchen.

"Is John still okay with going with me, he seems a little withdrawn and not bothered," I asked her.

"Yes, he's fine, he's always like this," she answered, "I've been watching him and he won't look between your legs while I'm here, I think he thinks I'll be upset with him, but it would actually be a turn-on. He should do because it's a wonderful view."

She followed this up by tracing a finger up my thigh, across my stocking top, and stopping right by my clit. I gasped.

"My word, you are soaked already, aren't you? Someone is looking forward to tonight isn't she?" she followed up.

I'd expected John to change before we left, but he didn't. He had on a pair of comfortable looking shoes, beige trousers, and a black shirt. He almost looked like he was dressed to go to work, or pop to the shops, not to go to a dogging site.

We drove to the site, John making sure he kept his eyes on the road and not on me. We drove for about ten minutes before suddenly turning onto a small country lane in the middle of a wooded area. A couple of minutes later, we pulled up on a rough open space, with enough room for about twelve cars, six on either side of the space. There was one other car right opposite us, with a couple of people in there who looked like two men.

"How are you feeling, you nervous at all?" asked John. It was the first time he'd spoken since we set off.

"A little," I answered, "but I think it's nervous excitement."

He was looking me up and down. He glanced over at the car, checked the time on his watch, then he had a long gaze at first my legs, then at my top.

"About half an hour until it gets dark, the sun is setting now. They might need a little encouragement," he explained, flicking open the top two buttons on my blouse as he spoke.

He gazed longingly as my breasts were exposed to his view, almost licking his lips. Joan may have been right, he didn't seem so shy now she wasn't around. He encouraged me to fully open my blouse, and sit up properly to give them a better view. My top fully opened, he leaned over and rubbed his hand across the front of my bra, rubbing the material across my nipples and making them erect. As he did so another car pulled up, and stopped level with us but about three car spaces away. The driver didn't mess about, getting out of his car almost straight away and surveying the area.

He looked quite old, possibly around sixty-five years old, but was tall and fat, his belly was huge. His eyes met mine and he smiled broadly. He rubbed his hand across the front of his trousers, where there seemed a significant bulge already. He started to walk in our direction. As he did so John's hands went to my thighs, and he forced my legs apart.

The old guy came right by the passenger window where I sat, unzipped and pulled out his already erect cock. It was big built like he was, impressively fat and long, about ten inches. He started to stroke as he stared at my half-naked body. I felt John take my hand and put it between my legs. I knew what he meant, as I started to slowly and lightly rub over my thong while tweaking my nipples with the other hand.

I pulled the cups down to expose my nipples, the cooling air on them making them seem even stiffer. I moved my hand down and pulled my thong to the side, rubbing as close to my clit as I dared. He tapped on the window with his free hand. John pushed a button and the window wound down.

"Is your wife playing?" he asked in a gruff voice.

I wondered who he was talking about, and the penny dropped when John answered.

"Yes, sure." He thought I was John's wife, John didn't correct him.

The guy opened the passenger door, and he took my hand and placed it on his cock. My hand being a lot smaller than his, it struggled to wrap around his fat member.

"Oooh it's very fat," I purred out loud. His cock jumped in my hand.

I stroked him slowly for a while, then swung my legs out of the car so I was now facing him. Sitting right on the edge of the seat, I leaned back slightly giving him access to my pussy. John had reached around and after undoing my bra so my breasts sprung free, starting playing with my nipples. Two of the old guys fat fingers were roughly shoved into me, and he started to finger me fast. I altered my strokes to match his, and he suddenly came, splattering his load over my breasts and chin. Some of it went on John's hand, and I licked it off, then leaned forward and licked the old man's cock clean. He muttered a thank you and wandered off to his car.

I switched my gaze to see if the others had gotten out of their car, but instead, my view went to John's cock, which he had released from his trousers. He'd undone his trousers and pulled them halfway down his thighs, his semi-erect cock pointing at me. I reached over and ran my finger along the underside of his cock.

"Do you want a blowjob John, or are you just here to watch?" I asked.

He pulled down the car sunblind, which seemed unusual as it was almost dark. I looked up and noticed a small red light.

"What's that?" I asked, puzzled.

"It's a tiny hidden camera. Joan's idea. She keeps encouraging me to have sex with other women while she watches, so told me to record tonight so she could see if I have. Hope you don't mind?" He explained.

He pointed behind him. Barely noticeable, there were two in the rear corners of the car, and he explained there was another in the blind on my side which pointed towards the car bonnet.

"All angles are covered, Joan and I have tried it out. Watching back was almost as good as the original sex," he told me.

I was excited about the night as it was, the thought of being able to watch it back again at some point made me shudder with excitement. I started to stroke at John's cock, which almost instantly became fully erect.

"What is it with you in front of Joan, you seem a completely different person when she's not around, like now," I asked him.

"It's hard to explain," he said, in between panting as I tugged on his cock, "I just seem to get stage fright if she's watching. I'm fine when it's just the two of us though."

I stopped stroking him, making him look at me.

"They need a bit more convincing," I said, pointing at the first car, "as nice as your cock is, I didn't come here just for that."

I got out of the car, noticing that the old man's car was still there, he was still watching, probably trying to get a second wind. Looking directly at the first car, I removed my blouse completely, then pushed my already undone bra off my arms. I threw them both on the passenger seat, turned my back to them, and slid my thong down my legs, pausing only to rub my pussy up and down. These then joined my other clothing on the passenger seat. Now with it almost dark, I went and leaned on the bonnet, the headlights illuminating my half-naked body.

Both doors of the other car swung open, and footsteps came in my direction. Both of the guys were about thirty years old, both had wedding rings on. I flicked at my clit as they both unzipped and pushed their trousers down. Two very erect cocks sprung into view, both about seven inches long. I slid forward down the bonnet until I was crouched in front of them, and started to stroke and blow them in turn.

After a while one of the guys pulled me up and leant me over the bonnet, putting a hand between my shoulder blades to push me down. The cold metal contrasted against my burning hot nipples and sent shivers through me. He lined his cock against my pussy, rubbed it up and down a few times, then slid it into me. I groaned as he filled me, and he set off at a fast pace, pushing me across the bonnet with each thrust.

After a couple of minutes of this, I heard talking, and he pulled out of me. I heard a couple of footsteps, then a cock pushed right up me, and set off at a similar pace. This one held onto the side of my hips while fucking me, almost dragging me back onto him as his length went up me. I heard talking again, and a voice said they'd be better across the back seats for that. I didn't know what 'that' was.

The cock withdrew from me, and a hand led me back around John's car. The rear doors were open, and I was positioned leaning into the back seat, and a hand grabbed my right leg and put my knee onto the rear seat, my left leg still on the floor. I was like a puppet being moved about.

A finger rubbed at my pussy again, before being replaced with a cock. This time the pace was slower, and from the other side of the car someone got in and sat down. Hands grabbed my head and guided my mouth onto their hard cock. I didn't need an invitation to suck it eagerly, trying to match the thrusts of the cock behind me.

I heard a voice say that a few more cars had turned up now, I tried to turn to look up but the hands gripped my head tightly. I knew why as the cock started to twitch, and the owner shot his load into my mouth, clamping my head down so I had no choice but to swallow. The guy behind me started thrusting like his life depended on it, and pulled out and shot all over my arse, his come dripping down my legs. There was a loud smack as someone slapped my arse hard, and I yelped.

The two guys both wandered off, and I heard John talking to me. I looked over my shoulder to where he was stroking his cock, and holding his hand out to me. I took his hand, and he led me back to the front of the car, where an old blanket had been thrown down. It had been placed where I knew, but my willing participants didn't, the camera in the car would catch all the action.

John knelt me down and approached me, cock in hand. I looked about and saw about five other men were standing by their cars watching, a perfect view with John's car headlights lighting me up like I was on stage. I intended to put on a good show for them.

John rubbed his cock all across my face, smearing me with his pre-cum. He kept putting his cock by my mouth, and each time I went to suck him, he teased me by moving his cock again. He lay me down on my back, knelt by the side of my head, told me to finger myself, and finally fed his cock into my mouth. He kept still, letting me blow him at my pace, but keeping one hand behind my head while tweaking each nipple in turn as I blew him.

I felt hands on my stockings, rubbing up and down, obviously enjoying the feel of them. One of them then brushed my hand away from my pussy, and a cock slid into me. The owner of the cock asked John if he could come in his wife, and John told him loud enough for the others to hear also, that I prefer it on my face, or just over my body. I still had my mouth full of John's cock, with his hand holding my head still, so couldn't argue.

John saw me reach a hand down and start to flick at my clit as the cock thrust into me, and he told me not to. He grabbed my arms and made me stretch them out above my head, and keep them there, I wasn't allowed to touch myself. I obeyed, he sounded quite masterful. I wondered if Joan had seen this side of him.

The guy fucking me suddenly pulled out and John released his grip from my head and leant back, The guy quickly shuffled towards my face as he started to come, the first lot hitting my shoulder, the last spurt right across my eyes. He ran his cock across my mouth, my tongue flicking across it to savour the taste. Before I'd finished cleaning him another cock was inside me.

This time the guy grabbed my knees and pushed my legs back, opening my pussy wider for him. He was a little fatter than the last cock, and his thrusts more deliberate. John had put his cock back in my mouth, but my groans still escaped as my excitement grew. The guy fucking me sensed this, and every so often flicked a finger across my clit, just once each time but enough to make my body shudder under him.

As he was about to come John repeated his process, moving so that my face was clear. The guy moved up and put his cock by my mouth and wanked furiously, his load erupting all over me, some going into my mouth itself.

Again another cock was inside me before the last one had moved away, starting a seemingly endless cycle. This time my ankles were held and forced my legs as wide as possible, this one was really getting me close to cumming myself, but when I went to move my hands down John slapped my wrists, reminding me not to touch. I was getting agonisingly close, but not quite close enough. I was almost in agony.

The guy holding my ankles came across my breasts instead, delighting in rubbing his sperm covered cock across them so they were covered in his sticky man goo. Someone else took his place, this time turning me onto my side and pushing down on my leg, forcing them together so that my pussy gripped him tighter. I cheated John by squirming my legs together, just enough friction to rub my clit, and this finally sent me over the edge. I groaned very loudly as I came, and the guy fucking me pulled out and came all over my arse.

This time nobody took his place. I was a blur, I'd lost track of time. I had no idea how long we'd been here, I couldn't even remember clearly how many men had fucked me. I lay across the blanket as John sat in front of me. I peered at him with the one eye that wasn't fully covered in sperm and saw his cock jutting out in front of him still. Had he fucked me? I didn't think so unless someone had replaced him in my mouth?

I got onto all fours and took him in my mouth, making sure he was fully erect. I withdrew again and wiped at my other eye. Looking around, I could two men still watching from their car, but nobody by us.

"Have you come yet John, I've lost track?" I asked him.

"No my love, I've been too busy watching you enjoy yourself," he answered.

"Do you want to fuck me?" I asked, almost pleadingly.

"Yes, but not just yet. Go back to blowing me again, but stay on all fours," he told me.

I sunk my mouth back onto his cock, taking his length in long slow deliberate strokes, teasing the underside with my tongue. I heard him start talking and felt a fat finger traced along my slit. The finger was forced into me, then another followed. The fingers were that fat it was like a normal hand being pushed into me. I took my mouth off John long enough to look behind me and gasped. It was the fat old man from earlier. He was completely naked and kneeling behind me.

He removed his fingers and putting a hand on the back of my head, forced me back onto John's cock. He rubbed his cock along my pussy, and started to push it into me. I remembered how wide it had been when I'd wanked him earlier, and my body braced itself. He pushed in a couple of inches, then withdrew and rubbed my pussy again. This time he pushed in more again, and despite John's cock in my mouth I groaned very loudly. I'd practised a lot with the nine-inch dildo I'd bought from the adult store but always took it slowly until I was comfortable. Steve, the security guard, had been as long as the dildo, but not so wide. This was a different kind of monster, a little longer and wider too.

Despite how many times I'd been fucked tonight, he had trouble sliding it all in. He kept pulling it out and I could hear him spitting on his hand, trying everything to lube it enough to slide into me better. Every time he pulled out a rush of cool air flew up my gaping pussy. It took him about five minutes, but eventually, I was fully impaled on his fat cock. I groaned again at the feeling of it stretching me.

He didn't give me chance to get used to it before sliding virtually the entire length out, before crudely slamming his entire length back up me. John was brave keeping his cock in my mouth, I so desperately wanted to bite down on something to numb the pain as he thrust into me hard. Despite the pain, the pleasure of feeling his entire cock embedded in me overpowered it.

He continued to pound into me like this, slow but hard thrusts designed to make me feel the entire length, each thrust making his groan loudly, both in pain and pleasure. He felt heavy on my back anyway, his fat stomach lying across me as he pushed himself forwards, and each thrust saw me sink a little lower each time until I was lying flat on my stomach with my legs bent at the knees, trying to keep them as wide as possible.

The old man had a different idea to me, as he made sure he was leaning right into me, then adjusted his legs on the outside of mine, forcing them together. My pussy gripped his cock like a vice, and he laughed out loud. He started to pound me again.

"Dirty. Little. Fucking. Slut," he cried out, each thrust a new word, repeating the phrase over and over.

John had his hand under my chin now, raising my head while trying to keep his cock in place, the thrusts of the old man forcing my mouth onto his cock, that almost being withdrawn before sliding down my throat again. I felt the old man's big hands grip my arse, and he pulled my cheeks apart. I felt something wet drop onto my arsehole, and then a fat finger roughly shoved right in. I took my mouth off John and screamed. I heard laughter as he did it again.

He started to do the same with the finger in my arse as he did with the cock in my pussy, slamming it as hard as possible. My body was losing control now, and I started to go limp. I felt like I was losing consciousness, and then the thrusting stopped. I felt myself being dragged to the side as the old man clambered off me. My eyes focused again and he was sitting upright, his massive tool in his hand.

"Get on top of me and show everyone how much you're enjoying it," he shouted, "Ride me like a bucking bronco you slut," he continued.

I could feel a draught on my legs, and looking down noticed my stockings were not only soaked from my pussy and where I'd been come on but they were also ripped in several places. My lips felt numb and my pussy was tingling like mad.

John's hands went under my armpits and he lifted me across the old man's legs, and he held me in place while the old man guided me onto his cock. He'd stretched me so much I slid onto his cock fairly easily but was too weary to put much effort into riding him. The old man put a fat hand on each of my breasts and used them as leverage to force me up and down on him, grabbing my nipples roughly to increase the pain.

Once he'd settled me into a rhythm his hands went behind me and he gripped my arse cheeks roughly, continuing to force me up and down on his fat cock, but also spreading my arsehole open. He carried on doing this, a fat finger right by my arsehole but not quite in it, as he started to lie backwards until he was flat on his back. He pulled me down with him so I was lying across on top of him.

He pulled my arse open a little further, and I felt something rubbing at my arsehole. I tried looking behind me, but couldn't turn around properly. Then a cock was pushed into me, slowly but surely until my arse was full of cock too. I tried looking around for John but couldn't see him.

"I'm close to coming, so I'll keep still while you fuck her arse hard," the old man said.

"Good," I heard John say, "I've been waiting patiently for my turn all night."

The old man's hands went around my waist, pinning me to him, his cock as far up me as he could manage. John started to pound my arse, slowly at first then building up a head of steam. As he did so he started to smack my arsecheeks alternately. Visions of Steve went through my mind as the pain and pleasure flowed through me again.

My arsecheeks were stinging now as John got faster and faster, he let go of my hips and grabbed a hold of my hair, pulling so my head was tilted back. His thrusts got harder and harder until he suddenly started grunting, and he slid out of my arse. Standing upright, he rushed in front of me and forced his cock down my mouth, making me taste my anal juices on his cock. He held my head tightly until he came, torrent and torrent of his come flooding my throat.

When he'd finished he removed his cock and rubbed it around my face, smearing the remaining juices all over me.

"My turn now," said the old man.

He quickly flipped me onto my back, still with his cock up me. The weight of him on top of me almost winded me. His hand went to my shoulders as he pinned me underneath him, although I couldn't move anyway. I felt hands on my ankles as they were forced upwards towards my head, my knees almost touching my breasts. The old man started fucking me hard and fast, his grunting getting louder and louder until he withdrew, scrambled up my body until he was straddling me, his knees by my shoulders. He grabbed his cock and put it by my mouth and wanked furiously, spurt after spurt cascading over me until my face was almost covered.

He cleaned his cock as much as possible by rubbing it across my breasts, before standing up. I lay still, a blubbering mess, feeling like I had no energy left. I felt a finger on my clit and groaned again, expecting another cock up me. This time the finger stayed there. Despite my fatigue, I could feel myself coming, and my body shook as I came.

I couldn't move now but could hear John and the old man talking. I cleared the sperm from my face enough to open my eyes, to see them shaking hands.

"You're right John, she was worth the travel up, she was fucking great," said the old man.

"I told you she would be," John replied.

John looked at me and smiled.

"I'd better introduce you to Geoff. My brother-in-law. Joan's brother," he explained.

"You were right too, she does look a little like the Katie that I know, the one I sent you the pictures of. You'll have to visit soon so you can properly see what I mean," said Geoff.

