Lost Bikini Bottoms
by MrMongo

When I was in my teens we would swim at our friend Eugene's mother house. She was in her late thirties with a nice body and black hair. We would swim around a oogle Eugene's mom body but never did anything. She always seemed to have thick erect nipples that I would have loved to have sucked on.

One day we extra bratty with her by splashing her and dunking her head underwater, so Eugene's mom yanked down my friend Chris's swim trunks. Eugene's mom was laughing so hard she could barely swim away. We grabbed Eugene's mom and held her arms over her head then pulled off her bikini bottoms off. This only made Eugene's mother laugh even harder. It was hard for Eugene's mom to chase us while laughing and holding one hand over her crotch.

We were playing keep away with Eugene's mom's bikini bottoms. The neighbors could only see Eugene's mother chase us around the pool while laughing loudly. They had no idea a grown woman was half naked in pool full of teenagers, under the water we were groping her ass and vagina and she was grabbing hold of our hard ons and trying to pull down our swim trunks.

When we were tired of playing grab ass with Eugene's mom we all got out of the pool and ran into the house with her bikini bottoms. Eugene's mom swam around only to check to see if the neighbors were watching. They were in their backyards, but not paying attention to her attending to yard work or sun bathing, so Eugene's mom made her run bare assed to the patio door. Once she was on the patio deck Eugene's mom was now at a level the neighbors could see her.

We of course locked the patio door and we all started yelling for the neighbors to, "look here, look here!" Eugene's mom covered her vagina and ran to the side door, but we beat her to the door to lock it. Eugene's mom called us a bunch of brats and ran to the front door only for us to lock that door, too. Getting worried now Eugene's mom stopped covering up her landing strip bush as if freeing her hands would make her run faster.

Eugene's mom found a newspaper on table on the back patio to cover herself. Once she covered up with the paper Eugene's mother saw that her bedroom window was open then pushed in the screen and snuck into the house. While wiggling her way into the window Eugene's mom could hear the laughter and cat calls of all her neighbors when Eugene's mom gave them all good view of her vagina and butthole. We were running from door to door looking for Eugene's mom and laughing our asses off. None of us saw her pop into that bedroom window. Eugene's mom ran out of bedroom with a bathrobe and a leather belt.

She chased us around her house to the point she lost the belt to her robe exposing herself once again. It was the most fun we ever had and Eugene's mom never laughed so much in her life when she was swimming bare assed in a swimming pool and later chasing a bunch teenage boys with a belt in her house. The belt didn't hurt when it hit us because she was laughing to hard to get a swing.
