I am Leire, a spanish girl. I am 27 years old. Javier is my boyfriend. 

What I love the most in life is showing myself. I enjoy sharing the natural beauty of my youth. My body isnt perfect, buy I like it just as it is, and my boyfriend too. One of the things that I love the most is when a boy cant stop looking my tits and my body in a common situation, like the beach or the swimming pool of an hotel. I AM A NORMAL, CONSERVATIVE AND SHY GIRL, BUT IN THOSE SITUATIONS I AM JUST AN EXHIBITIONIST.

In fact, thats my biggest fantasy: showing my body to everyone in the beaches and swimmingpools. I do it with strangers and also with friends, and I dont know which of both things I like the most.

If I can be topless, I am always topless. Allways. Everybody has allways said that I am a very pretty girl, so I take a lot of attention. From june to september I show my titties everyday, and we make love everyday.

Javier allways wants me to be topless. When I buy a bikini he destroys the top (I love that), so I allways feel bound to show my tits to everyone.

He allways wants me to have a long stroll trough the shore, to ask for a cigarette, to have a lot of long showers each day, to buy an icecream or a beer talking with the waiters, to talk with some group of guys, to make new friends...In the swimmingpools of our hotels and campings he allways wants me to talk with our neighbours, with the lifeguard or with the waiters. I am a very shy girl, so I get very horny. He also loves when I am topless with his friends; this is also very exciting for me.

Thats naive and ingenuous but I am a very shy girl, so showing my titties is like a sin for me. I blush a lot and I get very horny. I can't stop smiling. I do it since I was 18 or 19 years old and I do it during all the summer long, from june to september. Now, I am a teacher, so each year I can spend the whole summer in the beach. We have a VW California, so being all the summer on the beach is very cheap for us. Its a n obsession!

I am a conservative girl with a conservative education and a conservative sexual life. I am shy and thats why I get so horny being topless.

At first, everybody thinks that I am a normal shy girl who is just used to be topless, as a lot of european girls. However sometimes I blush so much, I get so nervous and excited, that everyone knows that I am incredibly nervous showing my titties.

My boyfriend is allways filming me and taking pics of me. That turns me on, and we use to see these pictures and videos when we make love. It may be strange for some people, but its so exciting for us...

I really love when boys look topless pictures of me. When I was at university, at 18-21 years old I shared an appartment during 3 years with 3 charming boys. They soon became good friends of me, but there was a big sexual attraction between us. In fact one of them was in love with me. However I allways behaved as if they were my brothers: for example, at home I never whore a bra under my short pyjama, so it was very usual to give them a nipslip or downblouse. They could see my titties "by accident" almost every week, but they never said nothing. Sometimes I was just wearing a thin and thight white tshirt (I have big nipples). I also used to left the shower with just a short bathrobe, and I used to go to the kitchen or the tv for a few minutes. Only one day one of them could see my shaved pussy for some seconds, but I didnt it intentionally; when I realized I blushed a lot, but it was very exciting for me. I liked to keep them "happy", but just as a shy and natural girl. They really loved me.

However, the best started when I bought my computer some months later. I had hundreds of topless pics of me on the beach (and a few completely nude), from my vacations with Javier and even a few with some friends, who were topless too. It was the only pc of the appartment, so I got used to let them using it for internet. It wasnt easy to find my topless pics, but as they are boys, I knew that they were going to search some nude pics of me. Each day I could see wich documents they had opened while I wasnt at home. In just a few days they found my pics and I really loved it, I was very glad. Each day, during 3 years, I knew that one of my 3 dear flatmates-classmates had been touching himself watching my pics. Usually I couldnt know wich one of them had seen my pics... but this was even more exciting for me. All of them did it, almost daily, for 3 years.

Sincerelly, thats why I can say that posting some of my pics in wickedweasel.com or voyeurweb.com would be a dream come true for me; feeling thousands of eyes on my body and receiving a lot of emails of other girls, boys and couples like us. However, because of my job I cant do it. I work in a catholic school from a conservative city and I know that if someone knew, I would get fired.



Normally there is one rule: The most embarrasing is the situation, the horniest I am.

Most of the girls of my group of friends are very conservative and they are not used to be topless.
However whe go with them to the beach, to the river and they come very often to our swimmingpool in our garden (we have bought a little house with a big garden).

Of course in my garden, I am allways topless, even with their boyfriends and husbands, during all the day long: taking sun, talking, playing in the swimming pool, having showers, playing poker, having a long "siesta" and even eating in the table with our friends during the barbecue.

My best friend, Maria, is usually topless at home, but only with Javier and me; if there is another boyfriend, she covers her breast as the rest of the girls. She spends the whole summer with us. She is very beautiful and she has great tits. She loves being topless with Javier and, a few times, Javier has been completely nude with her, showing his big semi-erected penis. She really loved it. They are very good friends, but they have a big sexual attraction. I dont mind at all, in fact I love it.

When there is no other boy in our garden all the girls take off their tops. Sometimes Javier has come home and has seen the titties of all my friends playing in the swimmingpool. However they allways cover their breast again very quickly, but its very exciting for him. Only Maria stays like me infront of Javier. However, I love taking topless pics and videos of all my friends and showing them to my boyfriend, later.

Of course I am topless with the friends of my boyfriend, too: in summer they are allways looking to come home to see my titties in our swimmingpool during the whole day. Javier really loves it. They think that I am just used to do it: they know that I am a shy girl and they dont imagine that this could be so exciting for me. However they may know that I love it in some way, because I am allways smiling and playing with them. I allways rub my titties on their bodies when we are playing in the swimming pool!

Its incredible when I am the only girl between 7 or 8 boys during a barbecue or a pool party. They know that I am a shy girl, but they allways make jokes about my titties, and about how sexy I am. They are the friends of my boyfriend, but they get really excited with his "shy" girlfriend.
 
Sometimes some of them have come with their girlfriends, and sometimes, if we had been only two couples, the other girl has been topless, too. I love to be topless infront another couple, because in some way the other girl feels bound to be topless too. Javier gets very excited seeing the breast of my friends or of the girlfriends of his friends, and I love it because later he is even more excited with me.
 


One of my favorite places has been allways the swimmingpools of our hotels or campings, because usually I am the only girl topless there.

Each year in my camping there are a lot of men looking me for hours, during the whole day, during the whole week: suntaning, spreading my sunlotion, showering, swimming, having a beer in the bar...They get very excited with me, as I do with them (and Javier, my boyfriend too). They are young boys, family heads or older men: I love them all. And of course the lifeguard or the waiters. I use to talk with all of them, and even have some beers: I do love when they talk with me looking closesly at my titties.

They know that more or less I am enjoying being topless with them. However, in some way, they allways know that I am a shy girl, not a "dirty" girl.

Each year whe take a lot of pics of the friends (boys, girls, couples, groups...) that we have known. In that way they also take a pic of us and I appear topless. Thats very morbid for me. I get excited when I think that in the future they are going to see me naked whenever they want. I love when we make friendship with another couple; specially if the girl is topless too. In that way Javier can watch the other girl as much as he wants.

This year in june, in menorca, in the swimming pool of our camping I was the only topless girl. There were a group of 50 students from university (19 years old), boys and girls. At first there were some other couples at the pool, with topless girls, but when the group arrived they went to the beach. All the girls of the group were with their tops, so all the boys were allways watching me, talking and joking with me. I love when an excited boy talks with me and looks my titties just one meter away, they seem to be sucking my nipples...

My boyfriend took lots of pics and videos, and the students too. I used to stay in my inflatable mat (air bed), in the water, with my sunglasses, pretending to be asleep. I could see how more than 20 excited boys were allways looking me and taking pics of my half-naked body. They were charming with me, allways talking, joking and taking pics with me. I was allways giving to dealing that I was embarrased of being topless with them; this is much more exciting than a completely unhibited girl

In fact there is so much people that has took pics of me during all those summers (with or without permission) that some of them may be posted on the web. I am sure. When I think about that, I get nervous but very horny too.



In the beginning, when I was just 18 or 20 years old, I was allways so excited showing my titties to everybody that I thought that finally, each new summer I would feel more and more used to do it. I thought that at 25 or 27 or 30 years old it wouldnt be so exciting for me.

However each year has been better than the last one: Each year I do more and more embarrasing things. Each year I have more and more courage, so we enjoy it the most. This soft exhibitionism is very naive, but, permanently, it is my sexual fantasy. The most beautiful sexual fantasy that I have known.

Javier really loves my fantasy. At the beggining he didnt understood it, but with the time he has shared it with me more and more.

Obviously, I know that showing my titties is much more exciting for me than for the rest of the girls. However, I think that the girls that appear in wickedweasel should have similar feelings. Some of them had told us that they feel almost the same. Its very beautiful when a girl enjoys showing her natural beauty so much.

Thats why we use to write several girls to share our experiences of this soft exhibitionism. Usually, if I have a good situation showing my body, I write it.

I love writting all those experiences, in fact I allways touch myself when I am writting them. Latter I do the same to my boyfriend when he is reading what I have wrote.

So I have wrote a lot of stories. Please, write me something and I will write you more about me.

I will tell you an new story and send you one of my pics each time you write me; but dont publish them, they are just for friends.

Kisses, Leire

rsghbb@hotmail.com
