Laura 09 - Laura Gives To The Poor

A need for the toilet leads to unusual camming encounter.

Continued from Laura Turns To Camming...

It had been a couple of months now since my camming peak show. I'd run out of ideas on how to top that night off and was getting fewer and fewer viewers, which meant fewer tokens, which in turn meant it was getting not worth doing any more unless I came up with a new idea.

I'd not gone mad with the excess cash I'd made that night with the three workmen, banking it and leaving it for a rainy day. That rainy day had come and gone, there wasn't much left and the rent on the apartment had gone up a little more. Finding it hard to keep my rent paid while only working part-time due to being at University, I needed a payday from somewhere. Saying that I had six months left on my course before hopefully a pass would lead to better employment.

I was one month away from my twenty-first birthday. I wasn't in the mood for celebrating it, more hoping people would give me money instead of useless presents. I didn't want to come across as being a diva about it, presents I could sell on would be fine. The people giving the presents must just never find out.

I'd started walking to Uni as long as it wasn't due to rain, saving a little money on fuel costs. I'd had to buy a cheap car after bailing out my step-dad, but it had already needed small repairs twice in the last month. Not driving saved the risk of more money outlays.

Walking back from Uni after being in the pub for a couple of drinks that Izzy had insisted on buying me, I found myself needing the toilet. I was about ten minutes from home and knew I wouldn't hold it that long. I was walking along a back road with no shops on it and decided not to be cheeky and knock on the door of a house. However much I needed to go, in their shoes I'd have been angry if someone knocked on my door just wanting to use my toilet.

I looked around, my stomach started to gripe as my bladder was full. I saw an old disused building, an old library if I remember right, it had closed about three years ago. The front was boarded up but I noticed an open doorway towards the back. Glancing around and seeing nobody about, I found a gap in the wire fence and ran amongst the grass and weeds to go through the door.

There was dirt and rubble everywhere, part of the roof looked like it had caved in. I moved off to the left, away from the open doorway, looking for somewhere I could go. I saw a wall and walked over quickly. I was glad I was wearing a skirt, as I was close to pissing myself now. I squatted, pulled my knickers to one side and let it flow out of me, relief showed as I sighed loudly, partly that I'd not pissed myself. The sound of the gushing liquid splashing on the concrete floor sounded like a thunderstorm in the quiet surroundings, and I wondered if it was loud enough that someone may hear me from the footpath I'd left.

I finished after what seemed like an eternity and grabbed a tissue from my bag to wipe myself off. I thought I heard a sound coming from the opposite wall, and peered over to see. Despite it still being sunny outside, this part of the building still had the roof over it and was quite enclosed, so it was quite dark. I couldn't see anything, but still crouching I inched closer and closer until I could see some cardboard lying on the floor, and a few dirty old blankets too.

Suddenly I stopped perfectly still and tried to hold my breath. There was a body lying motionless on the cardboard! I listened again and could hear breathing. Was it mine down, echoing around? I edged a little closer and could see his chest rising and falling a little.

He was dirty, his clothes ripped and holes everywhere, a large rip started at the bottom of his jumper, his grey jogging trousers ripped and with dirty marks all over. His hair was long and matted, his beard unkempt and bushy. He was probably younger than he looked, but I still guessed at him being around sixty years old. His eyes were closed, but I looked behind me. He probably wouldn't have been able to see me where I'd pissed, but would he have heard me and was pretending?

I jumped as he stirred, his body twisting as he moved further onto his back. I held my breath again, then gasped louder than I wanted to. His trousers were twisted, the legs tightened at the top, and I gasped because the outline of his cock was clearly visible. He was a very nice size, it looked around seven inches long despite being flaccid still. I felt my stomach tingle.

Then I felt disgusted. What the fuck are you doing, look at the state of him? He does look like he's got a good-sized cock, but he's filthy and could have anything from sleeping rough. I turned and moved away slowly, still crouching. Getting to the doorway, I stood and ran to the path, and didn't stop running until I was home.

Getting home I needed a shower. Not only had running back made me sweaty, seeing how dirty he was had made my skin feel uncomfortable, I felt like something was scratching me. I hope he hadn't got fleas or something. Despite that, I couldn't shake the image of his cock from my mind. Despite how he looked, it had turned me on and made me realise I hadn't had sex for almost a week. I picked up one of my suction dildos and took it in the shower with me.

While in there I ran through a scenario where he'd awoken, and I asked him if he wanted to come back to mine to eat and clean himself up. I imagined walking into the bathroom and joining him in the shower, kneeling and taking the dildo into my mouth as though it was his cock. I stuck the dildo to the shower floor and rode it as though he'd lay down for me. I came, and it made me feel dirtier than before I'd started showering.

I went online that evening, not to do my own show but knew Izzy was online so logged in to watch her, and to comment. A few of her other viewers asked when I'd be doing a show next, and I said I was planning something hopefully soon. Izzy asked if I'd done anything dirty lately, and I admitted I'd masturbated over a homeless guy.

The chat went mad, and I had to admit I hadn't literally masturbated over him, just thinking about him after seeing his cock. Someone posted that they'd pay good tokens to see that, and I perked up and asked what he meant.

"To see you stand over him, masturbating, then coming all over him," he said.

Someone else said it wouldn't be allowed for being in public, and someone else said if it was a disused building it didn't count. My heart was racing, but I knew I was raining on Izzy's parade, and her viewers were talking about me now. I told them I'd think it through and be back online the following night so Izzy could carry on.

Just over an hour later she phoned me. I apologised for ruining her night, but she said despite most people still talking about me, most stayed watching her and it was the most tokens she'd received all week. She asked if I'd given it any more thought, when I told her it would need some sorting out before I even thought about going through with it, she told me she'd be around the following afternoon to talk tactics with me.

She was like an excited puppy when she turned up at mine the following day, all giddy and giggly at the prospect of what I was planning to do.

"You would quite literally be doing something filthy," she laughed.

I explained to her how I hadn't seen him lying down until I got close up, even though it hadn't been dark outside. Izzy sat in thought, then her face lit up.

"Did you say part of the roof was open in some parts? Persuade him to move somehow into a lighter area, so you can film it better."

We carried on the discussion, my next issue with her suggestion wasn't just getting him to move, it would be explaining why I was there. I did have an idea, but whether he'd buy it or not only time would tell.

After Izzy had left I bundled some old worn blankets and a few old jumpers into my car, and packed two loaves of bread, a block of cheese, and a six-pack of bottled water into a bag. I couldn't turn up with a feast of ready-made sandwiches, that would be too suspicious. I drove by the building, checked nobody was about, then went to the open doorway. Turning into the area where he'd been, he was awake his time.

Seeing me startled him, I put the items down and put my hands out to calm him.

"Hi, you were asleep when I saw you earlier, so I've bought you some supplies. I hope you don't mind?" I told him.

"Saw me?" he said in a gruff voice, "what were you doing in here?"

"I was looking around to see if this building could be done up, I'm looking to open a shop somewhere," I lied.

He pulled a face and huffed, but seemed to buy it. I handed him the blankets and jumpers and a small smile came over his face. I handed him the bag, and he hungrily ripped open the packet and tore off a chunk of bread. He pushed it into his mouth, chewing noisily. I saw him staring right at me, but not making eye contact, almost blank. I followed his gaze and realised why. I was wearing a sundress with buttons right up the front, and not only was one button open exposing a little bit of my bra, but my nipples were also sticking out and clearly visible through the thin fabric.

"It's quite chilly in here despite it being warm outside, why don't you lie in the sun where the roof lets the light through? Does anyone else sleep here?" I asked.

"Nobody else, just me. Only enough cardboard for one place," he answered.

"Well then, with the blankets I've bought, you should have enough to put some in another pile. Do you want me to help you?" I asked again.

He nodded, although a little reluctant. He stood, a little wobbly on his legs, and went to pick up a large piece of cardboard. He lost his balance and I reached out to stop him from falling. He stumbled into my arms, his hands brushing across my tits as he tried to stop himself from tumbling to the floor. I told him to stay where he was and picked up the cardboard and two blankets.

I surveyed the area, looking up at the roof to check the suns position. He didn't know, but I was also looking where I'd be able to position my phone or laptop when recording. I placed the cardboard and blankets down, then went back to him, telling him to lean on me. He put one arm around my waist, a little lower than perhaps it needed to be, and I helped him walk over to the new bedding. Carefully helping him down, he sighed as he got comfortable.

"Thank you, it is a little warmer here," he said.

I looked at him, his tired weathered old face smiling but still looking sad.

"At least you won't have far to move at night, or if it's raining," I told him.

His jumper was filthy and had pulls and holes everywhere, so I asked him if he wanted me to help him take it off and put one of the jumpers on that I'd bought him. He agreed and held his hands up for me to pull the other from his body, and up to his arms. Removing his jumper I noticed how gaunt and thin he looked, and how dirty and grimy his body and arms were. The dirty smell coming from him was almost enough to make me gag, but I held it back to not offend him.

Pulling the fresh jumper down over his arms and head meant crouching down, and I felt a draught of cool air rush along my legs. The sundress was quite loose at the bottom and hung down to the floor. I pulled the jumper onto him, then told him he looked better already.

I could see him looking me up and down, and crouching to speak to him wondered how good a view of my legs he had. Judging by his erection tenting in his trousers, a very good view indeed. Now erect, his cock looked around nine inches long. I had to force myself not to stare but could feel my pussy getting damp. I made my excuses and told him I was leaving. He thanked me again and I wandered off. Getting home I showered and masturbated, using a larger dildo this time.

I must have dozed off on the sofa later and slept there all night, waking too late to bother going to Uni. It was mid-morning and my lecture finished at midday anyway. I checked my phone and had six missed calls from Izzy, and a voicemail message. I pressed on my phone and listened to it.

"Hi, just checking you're okay as you're not at Uni. Also letting you know I had a lot of viewers talking about you again last night, no pressure but I've told them you're doing it tonight," the voicemail said.

I sent Izzy a text to let her know I'd overslept, then asked if she'd told them a time as I needed to be ready, I still hadn't planned it properly. Ten minutes later she replied, telling me 6 pm before it got too dark.

6 pm. That gave me about seven hours to prepare what I was to do and to get there and set up. I walked around the bedroom getting various items of clothing and lingerie out. Several pairs of stockings were laid out too, but in the end, I decided to wear a different sundress, albeit buttoned right up the front again, and to make myself feel sexier I was going to go commando. I could imagine the things he was thinking about seeing a button open, what would he think seeing them all open and my nakedness underneath.

Time seemed to stop for the rest of the day, despite most of my thoughts and plans, I was probably going to have to improvise depending on his reaction. I'd decided I was going to walk there too. Not only did I not want anyone noticing my car parked by a disused building so much, I knew it would turn me on if I walked past anyone naked under the flimsy fabric of my sundress.

I got by the building with fifteen minutes spare. I had a quick look around to see nobody was watching, then stepped through the gap and made my way to the doorway. Peering in, he was asleep in the sunlight, lying on top of the blankets. I quickly logged into my phone, logged into the cam site, and altered the angle so it was zoomed right out. Leaning my phone against a wall, I checked the screen and had a decent view of where he was. Not brilliant, but it would have to do.

Viewers started trickling in, a few at a time and a few more when I undid my top two buttons and showed off my ample cleavage. A few messages were saying about him being there in the background and were I going to go through with it, and I typed that I was going to have to put the phone on silent and wouldn't be able to speak to them until later. Five minutes later I had two hundred viewers. No going back now I told myself.

I looked behind me. He hadn't moved still. I walked over silently, having left my trainers on rather than the heels I'd have loved to have worn. Leaving the top two buttons open, and undoing the bottom two also, I went and crouched next to him, checking I wasn't in the way of the phone. I nudged his arm and he stirred. He opened his eyes a little startled, noticed it was me, then his glance went right to my 34C tits.

"I came to see if you were alright, do you want me to change your jumper again?" I asked.

He agreed, he didn't need it changing but probably remembered the view he had last time. I pulled the jumper off him, leaving his dirty grimy top half in view. I looked down at his jogging trousers, a familiar tent in them.

"Do you like what you see then?" I asked teasingly. He nodded yes.

"That's good. No talking, just nod," I instructed him.

I was trying to stay in control, trying to play on my terms, at least that's what I was telling myself. I undid another button.

"Do you want to see more?" I asked, pulling my sundress off one of my legs, flashing my thigh and hip at him.

"Yes," he blurted out.

"No fucking talking!" I shouted.

I scared myself as well as the old man. I smiled as he nodded at me again, and undid the other buttons. With them opened, I raised my arms above my head to let the sundress fall open. He gasped as he saw my full nakedness underneath. I slid the sundress off my shoulders and let it slide to the floor. I stood with a foot on either side of his face, legs spread over him so he could see right up to my exposed wetness. His hand snaked across my calf and towards my knee.

"No touching either, well no touching me anyway," I said, nodding towards his groin.

He read my mind and slid the waistband of his jogging trousers down. His erection sprang free, standing up like a flagpole, impressive-looking but as dirty as the rest of him. I slid a hand between my legs and groaned as he took hold of his cock and slid his foreskin down, his large helmet looked very purple and almost at bursting point.

I matched his slow pace as he pulled his dirty foreskin back and forth. The smell of his unwashed skin wafted into my nose, but I was too busy staring at his cock to let it distract me. My fingers alternated between plunging into my wet folds and rubbing over my swollen clit. I groaned loudly as my juices ran down my thighs, lifting my spare hand and pulling roughly at my nipples in turn.

I looked down at him, my eyes meeting his as he stared up between my legs. I wondered how long it had been since he'd been with a woman, how long it had been since he'd last masturbated even. He was still going strong, his strokes casual, not looking anywhere close to cumming just yet. As much as I was enjoying watching him masturbate, my fingers weren't enough.

Part of me wished I'd bought a dildo with me, but that would have made it too obvious. This had to look spontaneous and not staged. The part of me that wished I'd bought a dildo still oozed its juices down my thighs though. I needed a new avenue of excitement and started to rub some of my pussy juices in and around my arsehole. Lubed up enough, I introduced two fingers into my arse, leaving three fingers of my other hand in my soaking pussy.

I synchronised my fingering and saw the old man's mouth open in wonder. He was obviously enjoying this new element to the show, so I took it a step further and crouched over him, my pussy and gaping arse inches above his face. It worked for me too, getting ever closer to his cock. He started masturbating quicker and moaning in delight, looking between my legs again I saw my juices were now trickling down and beads were falling onto his face and beard, his tongue flicking out and trying to catch them as they dropped.

Each of us was mesmerised with watching the other, our moans and groans colliding in the otherwise silent building. I was getting close to needing my release, but my legs were starting to turn to jelly on me, my calf muscles burning now as I'd been crouching for quite a while. I stood and looked down at him, his hand now stopped as I'd stopped too.

"Are you ready to come for me?" I asked him.

Following my instructions still, he nodded with a big grin on his face. I told him to stand, took one of the blankets folded it over and placed it on the floor, then picked up one of the empty water bottles he'd been using. I lay on my back on the blanket, making sure I was angled with my pussy facing towards the phone but so he would still be in the shot. I hitched my knees up, my legs spread as wide as possible. He gasped as the bottle went up me, easily, and I plunged the substitute dildo in and out of my pussy. The old man stood as close to my legs as he could get, his cock looming over me and pointing directly up my body.

His cock became a blur, his gaze never once leaving the bottle as he watched me fuck my swollen pussy hard and fast. I was urging him with my mind to cum, to see his dirty cock spit his semen over me. His gaze changed, his eyes locked onto mine, then they closed and his head rolled back as he let go.

Spurt after spurt erupted across my body, the first two reaching my face, across my eyes and nose. Watching him cum tipped me over the edge too and my back arched as my body shook, my fingers a blur on my clit as I squirted all over the blanket. My orgasm starting to subside, I opened my eyes in amazement at the old man still cumming, the last few drops of his sticky mess landing directly on my pussy.

He stood back smiling, a look of triumph and happiness etched into his features. I reached down my body, amazed at how much of it was covered in his cum. It certainly must have been a long time for him. I used a finger to wipe some from by my clit, and looking directly at him slid down into my mouth, slurping his cum down my throat with exaggerated gulps. Surprisingly it tasted sweet, not at all what I'd been expecting at all.

I stood and handed him the blanket back, picked it up and put back on my sundress, smiled and walked away. Reaching my phone, I bent and pretended to be putting my shoe right, clutching the phone to my still exposed breasts. I left the building, checked if anyone was about, then looked at the phone. The tips counter had gone mad, I'd have had a field day if I'd had the interactive toy in. I buttoned up my sundress and walked home happy, getting a strange look from someone who lived in another apartment in my block. Not only was the sundress stuck in a few places where it had stuck to a semen patch, but I also had a trail of his man goo hanging from my chin.

Once in the house, I raced to the bedroom, peeled off the sundress and lay on the bed reading through the message boards. There were a lot of happy viewers, and I saw one that instantly intrigued me. It said that he had cum so much it's a pity I hadn't let him cover my face, then walked home like it. I thought about it. It had been getting a little darker when I started back, so if I delayed by thirty minutes it could work. I didn't want it to be too light and too obvious, and I had a further idea too.

I started wondering about what his dirty cock would taste like, and whether I could go through with it or not. I'd been able to smell his body odour while with him earlier, actually having his dirty unwashed cock in my mouth made me want to gag thinking about it. I went to my storage cupboard and pulled out a suitcase full of my old childhood toys. One of them was an old teddy bear, and taking it out would be perfect. I opened the drawer and took out a large dildo, placed it between the teddy's legs, and kneeling on the floor with the teddy lying on the bed, sank my mouth down over the dildo.

Although not as strong, the teddy smelled musty and damp, its fur matted where it had been wet before. Sinking down onto the dildo filled my nostrils with the damp smell, stronger as my nose touched the teddy's fur. This would be like with the old man, I'd have to get used to breathing and trying to ignore the unpleasant odours.

Three nights later and having practised with the teddy a few times, I was ready. I'd been online the night before to tell my viewers what time to tune in. There was a lot of anticipation in readiness for my show, and I'd told them I had a couple of surprises up my sleeve.

I walked there again, wearing the same sundress, and again wearing no underwear. As I got closer to the disused building I undid more buttons, until I reached the hole in the fence with only the middle button fastened. I got to the doorway, opened my bag, and pulled out my laptop. I opened it and logged in, pausing outside while my viewers entered the room. I'd undone the other button by now, showing them my nakedness underneath, then set the laptop down facing the sleeping homeless man. I placed my bag down beside it, took off my sundress and bent over, my hands reaching behind and spreading my arse cheeks. notifications went wild, as my viewers saw that before leaving my apartment I'd inserted a buttplug. Even in the dimmed light, it glistened, the jewelled end catching the suns rays.

I walked over to the sleeping homeless old man, my trainers barely making a sound on the ground, so getting to him I put a hand on his shoulder to shake him. He opened his eyes a little, then gasped as he noticed I was naked in front of him. I put my finger to my mouth to tell him to be quiet, then reached down and slid his jogging trousers down, exposing his flaccid cock into the night air. I wrapped my hand around it, stroking it slowly, feeling it grow in my hand. It felt a little coarse and grimy, so I rubbed my thumb across the end and smeared his pre-cum along the length.

It was time for the first part of my plan and the first of the many suggestions I'd had. sliding around his body so I was straddling his legs, I dipped my head down and started to take his cock into my mouth. Little by little I slid more and more in, trying to keep eye contact with the old man. I tried to ignore the musty smell emanating from his body, the dirty streaks across his skin as he pulled his jumper up over his head, while I pushed his jogging trousers right down his legs. Despite the odours filling my nose, his cock felt good in my mouth, and I sucked on him eagerly.

A few minutes later, it was time to switch it up again. I stopped sucking and moved up his body, reaching behind me and placing his cock at the entrance to my pussy, the end nestling between my pussy lips. I groaned loudly as I pushed down onto his cock, taking most of it in at the first time of asking. Getting used to the width of him filling me so nicely, I started riding him, his hands coming up to my breasts but stopping like he was waiting to catch them. I remembered I'd told him he couldn't touch the other night and nodded it was okay.

His fingers roughly squeezed and mauled at them, and his fingers pulled roughly at my nipples. I groaned again and rode him quicker. We continued at this pace, my breasts becoming red and marked where his fingers had squeezed them. I paused, told him to stop, then keeping his cock inside me adjusted my legs so I faced away from him. Once I had my legs settled, I knelt and leaned forwards, putting my hands on my buttocks and spreading them, exposing the hidden butt plug.

Once I knew he'd seen it I started to ride him again. His hands reached around and he roughly mauled at my breasts again, using them as leverage to pull me down onto him. He was showing no signs of cumming yet, but I knew I was getting there. I reached down and rubbed at my clit, forcing my orgasm on. My body shook and I fell forward down his legs as my orgasm ripped through me. His hands started to knead at my buttocks, pulling them apart and getting a view of the butt plug again. I climbed off him and turned to look at him.

"Let me know when you want to come, I want you to cover my face," I said, in as teasing a voice as I could muster.

His face lit up, and more so when I pulled a blanket across and got on all fours, my peachy arse facing him. I turned and nodded to him, and he got the invitation and moved forward, lining his cock up and entering me again. This time he worked the pace, his cock feeling bigger like this. He started steady, getting quicker and quicker, really forcing himself into me. Despite being quite skinny, his thrusts started to force me down, my arms reaching out in front of me for support, until I ended up with my breasts rubbing along the floor and he pushed me back and forth. I rested my head on one of my arms to keep it off the floor, as he pounded into me faster and harder.

My breasts were getting sore now from being forced across the hard dirt floor, but I was trying to concentrate on the good fucking my pussy was getting. Suddenly he slowed his pace, and I waited for him to pull me around for him to cum. Instead, I felt the butt plug being removed from my arse. There was a large slurping sound as it left my body, and without warning, it was replaced by his cock. Normally that might have hurt a lot, but his cock was so slimy from a mixture of our juices that it slid in fairly easily.

If I thought he was going to be steadier now he was fucking my arse, I was going to be disappointed. He quickly got to the same pace he'd been fucking my pussy at, by now he was straddling my legs, his either side trying to force them together, making my arse grip his cock tighter. I was lying flat down now apart from my legs, bent at the knees behind him, almost urging him in. His arms slid below my armpits and his hands went to my shoulders, again using them both pin me down and using them as leverage to force his cock deep into me like he was trying to split me in two.

If I'd been in control on the first night, he most certainly was tonight. I'd had good anal sex before, but this was something else. I could feel my arse cheeks starting to glow as he pushed down on them with each thrust, forcing himself so deep into me his balls were pushing against my clit and pussy lips with each downward thrust. He leaned forward over me now, leaning across my back, his nipples digging into my shoulder blades, and he started to kiss and lick my neck on either side.

He whispered into my ear, asking if I was enjoying him and telling me this is what he'd wanted to do the other night. He called me a dirty fucking whore and said he might well be homeless but he owned my pussy and arse tonight. He carried on fucking me hard, still taunting me, then put his hand under my chin and forced my head up.

"Are you enjoying it as much as the people watching on your laptop?" he grunted.

I didn't answer at first, so he gave an extra big shove making me scream out loud.

"Are they watching? Who is it?" he asked again.

"Yes, they are watching, it being streamed live," I answered in between moans as he forced himself into me still.

"Who are they?" he asked.

"Just normal everyday people, I don't actually know them," he responded.

"Like a chat room thingy?" he replied.

"Yes, they make suggestions, this was one of them," I told him.

He didn't answer, instead, his hands went on top of my shoulders on my shoulder blades and he pushed right into me as he pinned me to the floor again. A few minutes later, my arse now becoming numb, he stopped. He pulled me along the floor, putting me on all fours with the laptop between my legs.

"Someone wants to see your gaping arsehole," he said, moving the laptop screen.

He crouched above me, and forced his cock into my arse once more, thrust into me a few times, then pulled out and pointed the laptop screen at my battered arsehole, showing my red and sore hole. He turned me around, knelt me in front of him, then pinched my nose and as I opened my mouth, he forced his cock in. It was a weird mixture of flavours, his pre-cum mixed with my pussy and anal juices, and a slight hint of the strawberry flavoured lube I'd used when inserting the butt plug.

His hands covered my ears as he fucked my mouth, making me gag with the smell of him combined with him fucking my mouth hard. He took his cock out and rubbed it across my face, making sure the laptop was facing up and getting a good view. He started to wank, and I knew this was him getting to the end part. I slid a hand between my legs, rubbing furiously at my clit, as his hand became a blur. Dirty slut that I am, I opened my mouth wide and stuck out my tongue.

Suddenly, and without warning, he came. Again, and again, and again. Rivers of his semen shot from him, across my face and hair, across my red and bruised breasts, across my stomach, and some across my shoulders. My face was almost covered, I had to wipe my eyes to be able to see. Not wanting to waste any, I slurped it off my fingers, then cleaned every last drop from his cock.

He walked back over to his blanket pile and put on his jogging trousers and two jumpers, then came back over to me. I'd stood up, but was checking the messages on screen. I went to pick up my sundress, and he snatched it up from the floor before I could get to it.

"I need to get dressed, please give it back to me?" I asked him.

He shook his head, telling me to either stay with him now, or I could collect it the next time I visited him.

"But that means I'd have to walk home naked," I said.

"I know, it was one of the suggestions from your viewers," he told me, a huge grin on his face.
