Accepted exhibitionism 

This website is an terrific way for people to explain, relate and in some cases confess to their exhibitionism. I do believe most exhibitionists, although not embarrased to expose themselves, would be humiliated if everyone knew about it. I started exposing myself when I went away to college and at first it was only a case of flashing my breasts at parties. It was something a few of us girls did just to excite the boys. I don't know how the other girls felt about it but it didn't take long for me to realize how much it aroused me. By the time I was in my 3rd year I became a full blown exhibitionist. I did have sex with a few guys but didn't sleep around like some of the other girls did. By the time I graduated though, there were dozens of guys who had seen me naked. I was able to expose myself in many different places but more than anywhere right in my dorm. There were about a half dozen guys that saw me masturbate which inflamed all the talk about me. It became humiliating because it was common knowledge in the dorm that so many guys saw me naked over the last two years I was there. Both boys and girls talked about me and a few of the girls called me a slut and an assortment of other things. I wasn't a whore but I did take every oppurtunity I had to have a guy or guys see me nude. Needless to say my reputation was linked to the word exhibitionist. Even some of the girls who were total tramps critizised and ridiculed me for exposing myself. It got so bad that some of the teaching staff found out about it. A female professor confronted me about it and I tried in vane to convince her I was innocent and didn't know the boys were peeking at me.

When I moved back home I only lived with my parents another year before moving when I got a job in a differnt county. I had an on again off again relationship with Brian who I had dated since high school. While living with my parents and then moving into my own place it was very seldom that I could expose myself. The desire to do so was still present everyday and I constantly thought about all the guys who had seen me naked. Brian lived in my home town so I only saw him a few times each month. It was a relationship like friends with benifits more so than a commitment to each other. I knew he dated other girls and he knew I dated also. Last year he stayed with me for four days and we did a lot of drinking. Up until that time I had never told anyone about my desire to expose myself and now being out of college nobody knew about it. When I told him how many guys had seen me naked I think it shocked him. He questioned mefor a day about it and I just tried to explain how it got me aroused. I told him I had sex with a few boys which he suspected anyhow, but when I told him how often I masturbated he couldn't believe it. As I sobered up I regreted telling him about my exhibitionism and was embarrassed that he knew. I was afraid of how he would think of me from then on. As it worked out he had no problem with it.

Each time I saw him we again talked about it and I began telling him how difficult it was for me to do anymore. I half heartedly said something to the effect that he could bring a friend next time to see me naked. Not expecting his reply to that he said he would if I wanted him to. I told him I was just kidding around about it but the more thought I had about it prompted me to accept his offer. I didn't know how I would go about exposing myself to his friends but by all means did not want them to know I am an exhibitionist. The first weekend he brought a guy with him I made him promise it would be someone I didn't know. Not sure how to have this guy see me naked Brian is the one who suggested I feign sleep and that he would bring the guy into my room to see me. They only stayed Saturday night that weekend but his friend saw me naked twice. I went to bed around 1am and Brian brought him in 20 minutes later as I just lay naked on the bed as they looked at me for quite awhile. After they left Brain came back in and we had terrific sex. His friend saw me naked the second time when Brian pushed the bathroom door open a crack to let him see me in the shower, which I naturally knew he was going to do that. That particular friend of his has seen me naked a total of 8 more times since then and 3 of his other friends have seen me naked on many weekends over the last 8 months. To my suprise Brian has told me he likes bringing his friends to see me and they ask him to all the time. Brian sits and talks with me about other ways for them to see me naked and has had them outside looking in through the window as I shower and shave myself. Brian and I always have sex afterwards and my exhibitionism not only arouses me but I think Brian is turned on by it. All of these guys have watched me masturbate at one time or another and Brian claims he especially enjoys watching me and knows his friends do.

The best part is that no one is talking about me anymore and none of my current friends or co workers know what I am. If Brians friends talk about me I don't care because I only see them on particular weekends and they live many miles away. I know some people who expose themselves want to know who sees them, but I am the opposite now. My experiences in the dorm where almost everyone knew was a humiliating time in my life. I prefer that when a guy sees me naked that he thinks I am unaware of it. Thanks to Brian I can display myself to his friends with no fear of any repurcussions. I feel I can tell him anything and am able to trust him. He not only enables me to be seen naked but thinks up a variety of ways for me to do so. Some of his suggestions are outlandish and things I have thought about but haven't done yet. He has suggested that I let his friends see me giving him oral sex or masturbating him while I'm naked, letting them peek in from the door or window. He also hinted at giving me an enema or spanking me nude as they watch. His latest idea was to let them watch as he shaved me. So far I'm not up to that type of exposure but have truly thought about it. Brian seems more excited himself every time he comes and I can tell he is enthused by it, always coming up with different ideas. He calls me often offering his opinion of how I can be seen naked or other crazy ways for me to masturbate. Some of the suggestions he makes now I just laugh about since they would be to degrading for me. Some are bizare and out of the question and it seems sometimes he thinks up things that would embarrass me even if no one was watching me. I think Brian has began to enjoy my exhibitionism as much as I do. When they think I am sleeping I have let Brian touch my breasts and vagina while one of his friends is in the room. Where I draw the line is, I don't want any of his freinds touching me, which he has suggested many times. Everytime they come for the weekend I always act tipsy before going to bed and Brian always tells them I am a very sound sleeper when I drink. I'm never intoxicated but at times give the impression I am. He brings them in the room shortly after I go to bed telling them I always sleep naked, which by now they all know. If they stay Friday and Saturday night they generally see me naked three, four or more times. If its just a Saturday they still see me naked at least twice. Its usually once while I'm in bed and once while I shower. Most of the time when I shower he takes them outside after dark, where they watch me from the slightly opened window. In bad weather they just peek in from the door. Either way I act oblivious to the fact they are watching me. Brian has figured ways to have them see me dress or undress but each time they always see me in bed. When they are watching me masturbate I like it best when they are at the window because the bed in next to it and they are very close by. Not just that but when I lay in the bed playing with myself they are unable to see my face and can only see me from my neck down. If they are at the door I usually turn my head away from them. Most of the time I use a vibrator now which was also Brians suggestion and has increased the number of times I can orgasm. I never thought he would become so acceptable to my compulsion to expose myself and most of all the way he encourages me to do so. 