Little Sister's Amazing Underboob
by IronBuddah

Chapter 11: Overhearing Sex From Another Tent

I vaguely recognized the sound of the zipper to my tent opening, and curled up, alone, in my sleeping bag to avoid the cool night air that entered as Tanya was leaving my tent. Then Tanya and I both froze as we heard voices from our parents’ tent.

“Hey honey, you awake?” It was my dad talking. Our mother made an indecipherable noise, and Dad continued. “After taking care of you with your sprained ankle, I’m feeling really frisky.”

“We can’t!” Mom whispered. “We used the only condom we brought with us when the kids were out hiking this afternoon.”

What the fuck? Mom and Dad had gone at it while Tanya and I were hiking? Even though Tanya had just blown me twice, my dick started to swell thinking that maybe Dad had been pounding Mom at the exact same time my cock had been inside Tanya.

“Besides, the kids might hear us.”

“Those two? They’re both exhausted from hiking up that steep trail. When’s the last time they both went to bed before we did?”

“You have a point,” Mom conceded. “But we don’t have any protection.”

“Well, would it be so bad to have a third kid? Mike’s always been a good big brother to Tanya, and you know she would dote on a baby. We’d have a lot of help with a newborn that we didn’t have when those two were little.”

“Are you saying?”

“Yeah, let’s roll the dice! Maybe you catch, maybe you don’t. If you don’t, we don’t have to keep trying once we get back home.”

My Dad’s argument that it would be OK to try to knock mom up, just this one time on a camping trip, had my cock absolutely rock hard. Tanya was half bent over trying to exit my tent. I pulled the sleeping bag off my aching cock because I was worried that rubbing it against the smooth lining would make me cum again. Then I stood up to grab my little sister around her narrow waist. Without either of us making a sound, Tanya got on her hands and knees. Knees inside my tent, hands on the ground outside.

We heard our mother and father make the same satisfied noises we made every time my cock had gone inside Tanya. I took a deep breath to try to stay silent in light of what I planned to do next and I heard Tanya do the same. I guess neither of us could resist the urge to fuck while hearing our parents doing just that. I pulled my sister’s panties to the side. I don’t know if it was sucking my cock, or hearing our parents talk about making a baby, or some combination of the two, but Tanya’s pussy was wetter than it had ever gotten on the trail. My cock entered her so easily. I tugged on her hips to pull myself all the way inside her, but I didn’t try to fuck her.

Really there was no need. Listening to my Dad grunt and my Mother moan, I would have cum instantly if I had tried to thrust even a single time inside my sister. As it was, I could feel her trembling beneath me. I was shaking as well. Our parents were fucking, and instead of grossing us out, it was making Tanya and I uncontrollably horny.

“Oh honey, this is so good!” Our Mother moaned. “Let’s keep trying to make a baby when we get home.”

I felt my sister’s body shift as she lifted one arm up to her mouth as she almost bit her forearm to keep from calling out in pleasure as our own mother asked to be bred. I felt myself wishing I could try to do the same thing to Tanya if she were to stop taking the pill. I wondered if Tanya was thinking the same thing as her body trembled beneath mine. I’m pretty sure Tanya came a few seconds after our mother gasped that she was going to cum.

However, first our father came, or at least he came at the same time Tanya did. Then I let loose another round of cum hearing my Father blow his wad. Only after he had pumped our mother’s unprotected pussy full of cum did she get off herself.

Even though I was spent, again, and quite ready to fall asleep. I didn’t dare move and kept my softening cock as deep inside Tanya’s pussy as I could manage. It wasn’t until we heard both parents start snoring did we relax, my now soft cock slid out of Tanya’s pussy as I sat down in the tent.

Standing up and getting ready to zip my tent back up, Tanya whispered to me, “Perv! You got all horny hearing our parents try to make a baby. Were you thinking about putting a bun into my oven listening to them?”

“If I’m a perv, you are two. We both came without even fucking just from hearing Dad blow his load.”

“That was pretty damn hot, don’t you think? You know we can never really try to make a baby because we’re siblings, don’t you?”

“Yeah, I admitted, “but it’s sure fun to think about.”

Tanya chuckled quietly, “Knew you were a big perv, big brother. Sleep tight. I can’t believe I’m falling head over heels for my dorky, pervy, big brother.”

“Well I can’t believe I’m falling head over heels for my sexy little sister. I love you so much.” When I told Tanya I loved her, my cock became rock hard almost instantly. “Tanya, I need you again!” I panted.

“Again, you’ve cum three times in less than an hour.”

“I know, but when I said I love you my cock turned into an iron bar.”

“Awww,” Tanya stopped zipping up my tent and started unzipping it. Then she took off her nightgown and panties and crawled naked into my sleeping bag. We were kissing, and her marvelous breasts and hard nipples were pressed up against me. Most importantly, her hand was on my cock and guiding it back inside her. Finally, I felt like I was able to make love to my sister properly. Having cum three times in short order, as Tanya had pointed out to me, calmed down the teen age tendency to cum quickly and gave me some stamina. I have no idea how long we fucked, but I felt proud of how long I lasted when I finally did release even more cum into my sister’s hot little body. Four orgasms in about an hour was apparently my limit. I dozed off with my sister in my sleeping bag, and my cock still buried inside her snatch. I had never been happier or more content in my life.


Chapter 12: Avoiding Detection

I was awakened from sleep by the sound of my father’s voice, “Oh, let them sleep in a bit more. It’s not like we need to rush home; we can take our time packing up this morning.” My heart started pounding, and I opened my eyes. Tanya’s eyes were already open; I was staring straight into them. She was clearly as alarmed as I was.

Then I realized I had morning wood, and it was delightfully positioned between my sister’s thighs. Heedless of the danger of discovery, I used my hand to try to guide my hard cock back into Tanya’s pussy.

Forehead to forehead, Tanya whispered, “Again? Are you insane?”

As I experienced the pleasure of finding my sister’s pussy lips with the tip of my dick, I rubbed gently hoping to get Tanya as worked up as I was. I felt her plump lips opening to my cock, and I could feel the wetness of her cunt again.

“You are insane, but I guess I am too!” Tanya sighed quietly as she stopped resisting my cock and I entered her body, this time with our parents awake and moving around the campsite. Tanya kissed me fiercely to stifle the contented sigh we both tended to make when I entered her. Before I could try to start fucking my sister again, one of our parents said something, and Tanya’s body stiffened nervously. It wasn’t just her arms and legs either. The muscles inside her core stiffened too, and with my cock in her pussy I felt a strange sensation that was almost painful as Tanya’s cunt contracted around my cock. Then it was my turn to stiffen as I decided that having her body squeeze my cock like that felt amazingly good.

Tanya must have realized I liked what had just happened, because after the intense squeezing let up, her pussy tentatively clamped down on my cock again. I wasn’t fucking my sister at all, but her pussy was so active, it felt like I was pounding the shit out of her. As Tanya worked out how to squeeze my cock with her vagina, I held her ever more tightly in my arms and our lip-lock never broke. It was a good thing because whatever Tanya was doing, it suddenly felt like her pussy was actually trying to milk my cock. I’d have yelled out for sure if our mouths hadn’t been squashed together. Fuck, did what Tanya was doing to me ever feel good. I could feel the need to spew cum into my sister’s belly rising uncontrollably. I started to feel light headed as her pussy squeezed and released my cock again and again. One particularly tight squeeze pushed me over the edge, but as my cock throbbed, there was no way for my cum to flow out of it.

When Tanya stopped squeezing me so tightly, the orgasmic pulses which would normally pump cum out of my cock had already ended, but I was still full of jizz. I had never experienced anything like this before. I felt like I had just cum, maybe the most powerful orgasm Tanya’s pussy had ever given me. However, I didn’t feel any of the relief that usually follows right after a good cum. If I had been insane to try to start fucking Tanya to get rid of my morning wood, it was ten times worse having a wad I knew I should have shot still inside me. I broke the kiss to whimper, “More, but don’t squeeze so hard.”

“Seriously?” Tanya hissed, “Didn’t you just cum?”

“Yes but, you were squeezing too hard; nothing came out,” I whispered back.

“For fuck’s sake! I swear Mike, if we get busted because my stuff is too tight...” I could almost feel my sister’s eye roll as she was trying to get out of my tent before our parents realized we were both in here fucking. It might not have been the smartest move in the world, but nothing mattered to me except leaving another batch of semen in my sister. It might be the last chance I got if our parents caught us, but I was so under the spell of Tanya’s tight pussy I couldn’t see past what we were doing at that moment.

At least I thought I was under the spell of Tanya’s pussy. Then it started fluttering around my cock, gently milking my shaft with soft squeezes. Every muscle in my body tensed and pleasure built and built. This time when I came, instead of holding my cum in my cock, Tanya’s pussy was pulling more cum out of me. In that instant, I would have gladly fused our bodies together permanently. Now the post orgasmic relief that flowed over me felt so good I was ready to fall back asleep.

I must have actually dozed off a bit, because the next thing I knew Tanya’s hand was over my mouth, and my forehead stung from where Tanya had flicked me, right between the eyes. I couldn’t say anything, but as I glared at my sister, it registered in my brain that she was back in her nightgown and panties. Her big boobs swayed enticingly and I loved the way I could now see her nipples through the thin cloth of the nightgown in the light of the morning. Tanya rolled her eyes again as she saw me getting excited.

Whispering in my ear, “I’m about ready to kill you for your lack of any sort of sense of self preservation. That’s if Mom and Dad don’t kill us both for incest first.” I directed my eyes to the tent where we could see the vague outlines of our parents moving about camp. That seemed to make Tanya happier, “I’ve been watching them by opening the zipper just a tiny bit, but I don’t see how I can possibly get back into my tent. They’re moving around too much. Even Mom, she’s not limping nearly as much as yesterday.”

Taking her hand off my mouth, I considered for a moment. “Then don’t go back to your tent. Act like you had to go to the bathroom and come back from there.”

“That won’t work, they’ve been awake too long.” I was out of ideas, but then Tanya went on. “If I got up to pee while everyone was still sleeping, I could have gone somewhere to watch the sunrise, but I didn’t bring shoes with me.”

“Take my flip flops,” I suggested.

“I can’t walk away from the tent in flip flops.”

“Well don’t put them on until you’re away from camp.” While Tanya glared at me, I added, “Do you have a better idea?”

“No, but I’m going to need you to make a distraction. I’m going to try to slip out without getting caught, and sneak around to hide behind your tent. You know me getting out the front of your tent and into hiding is the time I’m most likely to get caught, don’t you?”

“Kiss me for luck?”

“No! You’ll probably get hard again and try to do me doggy style again before I get halfway out of the tent!”

When my eyes lit up at the memory of fucking Tanya, or at least being inside her, in that exact same position the night before, she looked livid. That snapped me back to the situation at hand. “Wait, I’ve got an idea.”

“Honey, did you hear my phone beep?”

“No.”

“I’m pretty sure I heard it beep, can you check the tent? I’m still moving kind of slow.”

“Sure thing Honey.”

With Mom looking at their tent, and Dad fetching Mom’s cell phone, Tanya unzipped the front of my tent and scrambled around to crouch behind it to hide.

“Huh, that’s strange,” Dad said.

“What?”

“It’s from Mike: a-d-z-x-x What does that mean?”

“It means one of our sleepy heads is trying to wake up and accidentally sending out text messages.”

I figured that was as good a time as any to come out of the tent. Playing the sleepiness up, I came out with one eye closed, like I hadn’t managed to open it yet, and holding my cellphone in my hand.

“See there’s sleepyhead number one now,” Mom explained.

“I guess I’ve got bragging rights over Tanya now,” I mumbled

“Poor thing, still half asleep. I still can’t believe you two hiked the trail you did.”

“Tanya said she would never have suggested it if you guys had been hiking with us,” I explained as I sat down at a picnic table where I could watch Tanya moving away from the camp through the woods. At a distance, it wasn’t like watching her walk was particularly sexy. However, just knowing it was Tanya was exciting to me. “No offense,” I added.

“None taken,” Mom stated. “You’d have probably needed to air lift me off the trail if I had tried it even without a sprained ankle.”


Chapter 13: One for the Road

I heard the sound of Tanya walking in flip flops before I saw her returning to camp. She must have circled around once she was away from our campsite because she was coming back down the main trail instead of through the woods. As Tanya got closer, I couldn’t take my eyes off of her. Her nightgown clung to her body like a second skin, and if I thought it looked transparent in my tent, it was nothing to how well you could see through it in the full morning light. You would think that my cock would be worn out with all the action I got hiking with Tanya yesterday combined with our activities in the tent overnight and this morning. I tried to resist, but I couldn’t help from getting hard as I watched my sister walk up the trail with her big, might as well be topless tits swaying as she walked down the main path back to our campsite. I didn’t know if I should count what Tanya did to me in the tent this morning as having cum once or twice, but I wanted to have sex with my sister now almost as much as I had when I woke up with her still in my sleeping bag.

I decided to go back into my tent to start packing up as out parents noticed that it was Tanya walking to our campsite. The fact that her nightgown had become almost like a wet tee shirt walking through the cool morning air to hide which tent she had slept in might have distracted our parents from my raging boner, but I didn’t want to take that chance. As much as I longed to stay and ogle Tanya, I didn’t want to get busted for something stupid, especially after escaping detection for sleeping together right under our parents’ noses, Also, the way Tanya had squeezed on my cock this morning in the tent seemed to have made it really sore. It kind of hurt to be as hard as I had gotten watching her return to camp.

“Tanya! Where did you come from?” Mom exclaimed.

“I had to pee, and everyone was still asleep. Since I was already up, I decided to get up and watch the sunrise.”

By this time Dad had noticed what Tanya was wearing. Even though I had retreated to my tent, I couldn’t resist watching my sister. Somewhat to my disappointment, she started tugging on her nightgown so that it wasn’t clinging to her skin quite as much.

“Hopefully you were watching alone,” Dad said disapprovingly.

“What’s that mean?”

Dad replied, “You’re not a little girl any more.”

“Your Dad might be being a little over protective, but your nightgown is a little flimsy for being out in public, Tanya,” Mom explained. “Why don’t you get dressed and start packing up. Mike is up and he headed into his tent to pack right before you got back to camp.”

Since I had a head start, I was out of the tent first with my pack. Tanya emerged from her tent dressed much the same way she had at the start of hiking yesterday. I was still hard and had been hiding it by holding the pack in front of me. I didn’t think I had much chance of becoming soft again, so I showed Tanya the state I was in. Tanya’s eyes got really wide, and she motioned for me to put the pack in front of my crotch again. She must have been expecting that I would want to get inside her again this morning because she hardly missed a beat when she said, “Hey Dad, Mike’s got his pack ready, anything else good to go to the van?”

Our dad pointed to a box of lanterns and flashlights that we wouldn’t need this morning. So I grabbed that and handed Tanya my backpack. It was a little less obvious that I was hiding a raging boner for my sister holding that crate. Once again, the lure of licit sex had us both hurrying to our destination.

I set the crate down in the back of the van, and Tanya told me to go lay down between the seats and get ready for her. I got in the side door, closed it, then lay on the floor of the van. Impatient, I pulled my hard cock out and sighed as it throbbed and pointed straight up at the ceiling. I didn’t have long to wait for Tanya to shut the back of the van and climb over the back seat. She had already taken her shorts and panties off, and I got even harder as I stared at the pussy I would soon be fucking. It was so hot seeing my sister’s bare legs and snatch as she climbed over that seat! Then she pulled off her top and sports bra. I arched my back getting another good look at her magnificent rack.

Now my nearly naked sister was straddling me and I filled my hands with her wonderful tits. Tanya was only wearing socks and hiking boots, which somehow made her even sexier than she would have been naked. My cock was kind of sore, and it kind of hurt to feel her tight pussy. Tanya was feeling the effects of all the sex we had experienced over the last eighteen hours herself. “Fuck! Damn it Mike, my pussy is so sore, but I couldn’t resist riding on that cock of yours one more time before we left for home. You saw how fast I came up for an excuse that got us away from our parents, didn’t you?” I gently squeezed her tits to let her know that I had, and she added, “Keep working my boobs like that, and you can have all the pussy you want no matter how sore it gets.”

I would have cum for sure hearing that if I hadn’t gotten off so many times already. Still, I started trying to buck my hips up off the floor of the van and started squeezing Tanya’s big, soft jugs more insistently.

“Easy big brother, we don’t want anyone to notice the van is rocking.” I forced myself to sit still and let Tanya guide herself up and down on my shaft. She varied the rhythm so that the van barely moved, but we sure knew we were having sex. Every time she slid her tight little snatch up and down my cock, I thought about how lucky I was to have Tanya for a sister. Our eyes were both narrowed to slits with the excitement of sex, but we were still staring into each others eyes the best we could.

“How can my cock hurt like hell and feel so good at the same time?” I gasped.

“I know!” Tanya sighed. “I’m so sore, but I’d tell you to pound the fuck out of me if I could!”

“I think it was the way you squeezed on me so hard with your pussy this morning? Where did you learn how to do that?”

“It was kind of an accident. I was sure we were busted, and I froze up. You seemed to like it when that happened, so I just kept trying things until I figured out which muscles to tense up. We might have to save that trick for special occasions. I think you’re right about that being why we’re both so sore. Of course it could just be that you can’t seem to stop fucking me. Maybe this will make us less sore.”

With my cock buried as deep as it would go inside her, Tanya started doing this thing where she slid her body back in forth so that I wasn’t moving in and out of her, but she was changing the angle of my aching cock. It made my cock hurt even more, but I heard myself begging for Tanya not to stop!

“Don’t worry, I have to keep doing it this way. I can tell you’re getting close. If I go back to sliding up and down your shaft, you’ll cum before I do. Does it hurt less?”

“No, it hurts more, but I love it!” I hadn’t realized it until Tanya had said it, but I wanted to cum so badly. I started begging for Tanya to get me off, “Maybe go back to regular fucking though; I’m so ready to cum. Please sis, let me cum now; I can’t quite get off this way. Oh fuck, I need to cum so bad!”

“Uh, uh, uh...” Tanya moaned. “Me first. I’m almost there! Your hands are so fucking magical on my tits! Oh fuck, your cock feels so good inside of me! How did I get so hooked on incest in less than a day? Don’t worry big brother. Your little sister is going to make you cum so hard inside her!”

Just when I thought I was going to die of frustration, Tanya started riding me again and the friction on my cock felt amazing. I was so close to cumming. Then my cock was throbbing and I was over the top. I didn’t have much cum to pump, but that didn’t stop it from pulsing over and over trying to pump out jizz I didn’t have. While I was cumming, Tanya about collapsed on me, and that was how I knew she had cum too. We stayed that way for a minute grinning, but then Tanya said, we had better get back to the camp site before our parents come looking for us.

On the way back from the van, Tanya told me to take a picture of something.

“What?” I asked.

“Doesn’t matter, bird, squirrel, anything really.”

I took a picture of a large black bird with my phone.

“Like this?” I asked my sister.

“That’s perfect. Those have been flying around our campsite looking for food we’ve dropped on the ground. I’ll call you stupid when you show Mom and Dad the picture when they ask us why we took so long.”

I gave Tanya a hurt expression.

“Oh, don’t take it personally. If we get back to camp, and are like, ‘I love you so much big brother’ and ‘I love you so much little sister’, they’re going to get suspicious. We’re going to have to act like we’re bickering like normal teens so they don’t figure out we’re banging each other.”

“Well, I guess that makes sense.”

“You know I was ready to kill you when you started fucking me this morning when Mom and Dad were already up, don’t you?”

“You joined in quickly enough.”

“Yeah, that was dumb on my part. I can’t think straight when you’re rubbing on my pussy. Now I realize guys become incredibly stupid when their dick’s get hard, but we have got to be more careful once we get back home.”

“Yeah, I guess you’re right, but what are we going to do? You seem to make my cock hard all the time.”

“Well, for one thing, I probably can’t walk around the house in a nightgown. At least you had the good sense to get in your tent instead of sitting there at the pick-nick table with a massive hard on that I inspired. You might need to spend a lot of time in you room if your pop boners for me all the time.”

“I guess I can live with that.”

“We’ll both probably need to masturbate more than either of us would really like.”

“Ahh...” I started

“Don’t whine, there’s no way we can be screwing each other half a dozen times a day with other fooling around mixed in. We’ll get caught within the week if we try that.”

I sighed loudly. “I guess you’re right again. Do you really think that picture of the bird will work?”

“If they believed I got up to watch the sunrise instead of sleeping naked in your tent, they’ll believe we got distracted by the local wildlife instead of fucking in the van!”

