Innocent Exposure
Part 1
By: Hooked6

 Sometimes the most unexpected things happen that start out quite innocently.

 A while back my sister Dana asked me to baby sit her son while she drove to 
 the airport to pick up her husband. My sister and I aren’t that close so I 
 welcomed the chance to be included in the care of my little nephew who was 3 
 at the time. At 17, I felt I was more than capable of handling the little guy.

 I was outside in the front yard doing some yard work when she arrived. After 
 some pleasantries she left little Jason in my care and took off for the 
 airport. “Be careful with him,” she warned, “He’s quite clingy.”

 I had a boyfriend like that once so I figured she meant that he was probably 
 going to require a lot of attention and be underfoot most of the time. “That’s 
 OK,” I replied. “I’m sure we’ll get along fine.”

 Little did I know how true my sister’s remark was going to turn out to be! No 
 sooner had my sister left, I discovered his boundless energy. It was obvious 
 he wanted to play and had absolutely NO patience. I, however, wanted to finish 
 my yard work before going inside so I gave him a few things that he could play 
 with by himself and went back to raking my grass clippings.

 I suddenly felt him wrap himself around my legs and he held on for dear life. 
 “PLAY!” was all he said over and over. “Play with me!”

 I managed to separate him from my leg and I politely told him I would play 
 with him as soon as I finished my chores. “PLAY!” he screamed again and was 
 right back wrapping himself around my legs. I pushed him away a second time 
 and resorted to bribery. “If you sit here just for a minute I’ll give you some 
 ice cream when I’m done.” I said sweetly. He smiled and I was sure that THIS 
 time I had won out. Never underestimate the power of Ice Cream!

 I picked up my rake again and intended on quickly finishing up when I got the 
 surprise of my life. Little Jason shocked me trying to climb up my legs by 
 grabbing the back of my sweatpants for leverage. Of course being loose-fitting 
 primarily designed for comfort rather than for support, they dropped right off 
 my waist and onto the ground – exposing my thong panties to the whole 
 neighborhood!

 There I was standing with my pants around my ankles entangled with little 
 Jason. Despite my best efforts to quickly extract him from around my legs, I 
 discovered that he was a lot stronger than I imagined. Little Jason apparently 
 thought this was a game of tug-of-war or something because he did his best to 
 keep me from pulling them up.

 Just then a car passed by and I realized what a show I was putting on and I 
 felt a sense of urgency to cover myself! 

 No such luck. Little Jason kept at it. “Let go you little Brat!” I cried. He 
 just laughed. I hopped around a bit hoping to break his grip but all I did was 
 make myself look stupid! Just then I heard somebody say, “Need some help?”

 I turned around to see Mr. Jenkins, my next door neighbor standing there on 
 the sidewalk with a huge grin on his face!! I had no idea how long he had been 
 watching. I quickly bent down, giving him what I could only describe as a 
 perfect full-moon, and forcibly picked little Jason up off the ground as he 
 was kicking and screaming. I ended up stepping out of my sweat pants in all 
 the excitement and I didn’t dare bend over again to pick them up. Leaving them 
 lying on the ground, I started walking to the front door of my house in just 
 my small cut-off T-shirt and my thong. 

 “No thanks,” I replied not wanting be rude, “Just dealing with a little 
 behavior problem.” As I shut the door I saw him still standing there laughing.

 It wasn’t until later that I started getting that funny feeling as I recalled 
 what had happened. I wondered if he saw the lips of my labia separated by only 
 the thin strap of material that ran between my legs. I was dying to know so I 
 went to my bedroom and checked out the view for myself in my own full-length 
 mirror. What I saw almost made my legs week! I replayed that image over and 
 over again in my mind. The more I thought about it, the more aroused I got. 
 Trust me guys, wearing a small thong is not the most effective thing to sop up 
 a girl’s wetness, if you get the picture. That only made matters worse.

 Meanwhile, my little nephew was yelling, “ICE-CREAM!” in the next room. “YOU 
 promised!”

 As my luck would have it as I checked my freezer, I was out of ice-cream! Try 
 as I might he wanted nothing else. “YOU PROMISED!” he repeated incessantly. 
 This meant I would have to go to the grocery store if I wanted to end his 
 whining. 

 Then I got a wild idea. My pants were still outside on the lawn. Wicked 
 thoughts ran through my mind, “Just go out and get them,” said a voice deep 
 inside of me. “Your neighbors have already seen what happened earlier. Just 
 take Jason with you!” 

 The more I thought about it, the more rational it sounded. I guess my hormones 
 won out because I found myself picking up the little guy and heading for the 
 front door in just my thong and cut-off T-shirt! My heart raced as I unlatched 
 the door and peeked outside. I couldn’t believe what I was about to do. I must 
 tell you that I had NEVER done anything so outrageous in all my life! I was 
 soooo wet I could hardly stand it. 

 I was almost ready to chicken out when Jason yelled, “ICE CREAM!” again right 
 in my ear. I guess that little push from him was all that I needed because I 
 walked right out the front door and headed toward the spot in the yard where I 
 left my sweatpants.

 I bent down with my nephew still on my hip and picked them up. Then I got 
 another wicked thought. I decided just to walk to my car carrying them rather 
 than putting Jason down and trying to get dressed. This of course innocently 
 prolonged my exposure and I loved it! I opened the car door and realized that 
 I hadn’t brought my purse or my car keys!

 I tossed my pants in the front seat and returned to the house still holding 
 Jason. As I stood outside facing the front door as I once again was about to 
 leave, I took out my keys and fiddled with them a while. I knew I was giving 
 anyone who was watching a good long look at my ass. After locking my front 
 door I started out toward my car and almost dropped my little nephew as I 
 heard the sound of a horn blowing as a car went by.

 With Jason securely in his car seat, I drove to the grocery store still 
 wearing only my thong panties. What a rush! It was only after parking my car 
 that I carefully pulled on my sweatpants and retrieved my little tyke.

 I was so proud of my little adventure but was glad that it was over. I felt a 
 bit guilty about the whole affair and tried to put it out of my mind.

 I grabbed a little shopping basket and holding it in one hand took hold of 
 Jason with the other. I decided that since I was at the store I would get a 
 few things that I really needed. I should have known that he wouldn’t 
 cooperate. “ICE CREAM!” he began shouting after only a minute or two. 

 “I’ll get your ice cream in a minute. I need a few other things first!”
 I reprimanded. He didn’t care. “ICE CREAM, NOW!” he bellowed again.

 He began dragging his feet and then became limp – just a dead weight on my 
 arm. He wasn’t going to budge. “FINE! You just sit here by yourself! I’m going 
 to finish my shopping!” I said trying a little psychology as I left him on the 
 floor.

 I looked over my shoulder as I walked away figuring that he would soon get up 
 and follow me. He didn’t. He just sat there. It was obvious he was testing me. 
 I wasn’t about to let him win so I walked on and rounded the corner of the 
 next aisle. I waited. Surely he would come any second now. “ICE CREAM!” I 
 heard him yell at the top of his lungs from the next aisle over. “ICE CREAM, 
 NOW!”

 That did it. I figured I might as well just hurry along and get what I needed 
 from this aisle and go back and get the little pain-in-the-ass.
 I walked down to the end of my aisle near the front of the store, grabbed a 
 few things and I was putting them in my basket when it happened.

 Jason had run up from behind me and started climbing on my legs and as sure as 
 the sun comes up every morning, my pants ended up around my ankles! Just like 
 before I was left in my fairly sheer white thong only this time it was in a 
 crowded store! People were laughing as I tried to bend over to get my pants. 
 Then things got worse!

 As I stooped down and tried to grab my pants with one hand while holding the 
 shopping basket with the other I felt Jason’s hand grab a hold of the 
 waistband of my thong . . . “ICE CREAM!” He yelled again, “I WANT ICE CREAM!”

 Startled by all of this I stood up, thinking I had a hold of my pants. I guess 
 I didn’t have such a good hold as Jason was still standing on them and they 
 fell out of my grasp and right back toward the floor - but that wasn’t the 
 worst part. As I stood up, my panties went down! That little brat still had a 
 grip on them as he sat on the floor all jumbled up on my pants. The small 
 thong easily slid down my legs and was bunched up at my ankles still in the 
 grasp of my nephew!! My pussy was now completely exposed as what I believe 
 where at least a dozen people looking on and laughing!

 No one offered to help mind you. They just stood there watching me as I 
 desperately tried to free my clothes from this whining little snot! I was so 
 aroused, however, I could actually smell myself and that only added to my own 
 humiliation. 

 I turned around to push him off my ankles and realized that a whole new group 
 of people got to see my exposure. I finally, like before, had to bend over and 
 pick the troublemaker up off the ground. The mental image of what I flashed to 
 those behind me blazed itself in my mind and my face got really flushed. I 
 recalled from my bedroom mirror how clearly my labia had been displayed as I 
 bent over. My heart was racing now! 

 Standing up, I handed him to a nice older lady as I once again had to bend 
 over another time and retrieve my clothing. I was so embarrassed at having to 
 dress myself in a supermarket!! I apologized to everyone there as Jason kept 
 yelling, “ICE CREAM!”

 “That’s OK,” said one man. And other added, “What that child needs is a good 
 spanking!”

 As I checked out I felt as though EVERYONE was watching me – leering at me was 
 more like it. I wondered how many people I had shown my pubes to that day and 
 debated whether I would ever shop in that store again. 

 The rest of the day was unremarkable. I live with mixed emotions now, 
 wondering if my sister will ever call again for me to watch my nephew! Part of 
 me hopes she calls soon!


 Innocent Exposure – Part 2
 By: Hooked6 (Hooked6@hotmail.com)

 My sister, Dana, stopped by later in the week for a visit on her way to pick 
 up Jason from pre-K. She thanked me profusely once again for watching her son 
 so she could go to the airport. I told her I was glad to be of help.

 “Did he give you any trouble?” she asked carefully.

 “No . . . we got along fine,” I said being tactful and trying not to offend.

 “Really?” she asked almost in disbelief. “He didn’t cause you any problems?”

 Once again I lied trying to spare my sister’s feelings and hoping that she 
 didn’t think I couldn’t handle a simple babysitting job. “No, everything was 
 fine,” I reiterated.

 “Hmmmm . . . that’s amazing.” She said almost to herself. “He wasn’t, um . . . 
 too clingy?” she asked.

 “Well . . . he did require a lot of attention,” I said, “But nothing really  out of the ordinary for a three year old.”

 “But surely you found him clingy?” she asked again.

 “What do you mean clingy?” I asked a bit unsure of where she was going with 
 this.

 She finally opened up and began talking honestly about her concerns. Jason, it 
 seems like to literally cling – or hang on to my sister constantly resulting 
 in some very embarrassing situations. “Being an only child,” she elaborated, 
 “I guess I’ve already spoiled him. He just seems to grab at me all the time. 
 Sometimes I think I’m over-reacting, you know, and that this is what 
 three-year olds do. But then at other times I think he just likes doing . . . 
 these things . . . and on purpose too!” She explained.

 “Things? What things?” I asked. Her face got that puzzled look as if she 
 couldn’t believe I didn’t understand. She then abruptly changed the subject. 
 “Well, maybe I’ve said too much already.” She said.

 “No, go on,” I pleaded. “We’re sisters after all. You can confide in me. What 
 THINGS are you talking about?”

 “Well, the first time this happened was about two months ago. I was at the 
 mall and I was walking along holding Jason as I shopped. All of a sudden I 
 noticed that he had the cutest little smile. As I was telling him how cute he 
 was he proceeded to pour, not spill but pour, his Coke all down the front of 
 my white T-shirt.”

 “Dana, you know as well as I do that little children are clumsy. I’m sure it 
 was just an accident.” I stated.

 “Yeah well, YOU weren’t there. I saw the look in his eyes. Besides, it was 
 such a pretty day that day I wasn’t even wearing a bra. There I was in the 
 middle of a crowded mall with a now see-through shirt. Even I could see my 
 nipples plain as day - I was so embarrassed!” she said. “I had to walk clear 
 to the other end of the mall to get to my car and all the while everyone was 
 staring at me!” 

 Looking at my sister I asked, “And you think he actually knew what he was 
 doing and did that on purpose? Come on admit he just spilled his drink.” Of 
 course down inside after what I had been through I had my doubts about what I 
 was telling her, but still, he was only three.

 “Well then there was the time I took him to the beach. Jason was sitting next 
 to me playing in the sand with his shovel while I was trying to get some sun. 
 I was lying on my stomach and had unsnapped the top of my suit and was laying 
 on it, you know to keep from getting tan lines on my back? Anyway I had my 
 eyes closed and all of a sudden I was splashed by cold water. I was so 
 startled that I jumped up and saw my son laughing his head off holding his 
 pale. I wanted to throttle him right then and there I was so pissed, but then 
 I heard laughing. I looked up and saw four guys looking at me. I figured that 
 they had seen what my son had done and thought it was funny. I told them that 
 what my son did wasn’t funny at all. ‘How would YOU like it if somebody did 
 that to you?’ I asked them. I turned my attention back to my son when I 
 discovered that I was topless! When I had jumped up of course, I was unaware 
 that my top stayed on the blanket! There I was letting these guys get a good 
 look at my boobs! I quickly covered my chest with my arms and they watched all 
 the while I awkwardly tried to put it back on!”

 I could actually picture that happening and felt bad for her. “It was an 
 accident,” I said, “he couldn’t possibly have known – you know – that you 
 would flash those guys!” 


 “Yeah, well, these ‘accidents’ seem to always happen to me,” she said 
 sarcastically. “Then there was the time that my husband, Stan, invited some 
 people from his work over to watch Monday Night Football. They were supposed 
 to arrive at 8:00pm, giving us enough time to eat supper and get ready. You 
 know me, I’m the neat freak of the family and keeping the house clean with a 
 young child is darn near impossible. Anyway, I cleaned up as best I could and 
 went to grab a quick shower.”
 She then interrupted her train of thought, “Are you sure you want to know all 
 this?” she asked.

 “Sure, go on and finish,” I said reassuringly.

 “Well, I had just gotten out of the shower when I heard Stan yelling 
 something. He was asking where the big serving bowls where. Honestly, he’s so 
 helpless. Realizing that he’d never find them on his own even with me telling 
 him exactly where they were, I decided to wrap a towel around my body and go 
 and get them myself.

 “I had no idea that many of our guests had already arrived until I 
 walked right out into the living room. Boy did I feel stupid being in front of 
 all those people with wet hair and wearing just a towel!” 

 I was aroused just imagining what that must have been like. I would have also 
 been so embarrassed. “What did you do?” I asked.

 “Well, I thought it would look too stupid to dash back into the bathroom so I 
 decided to play it cool and just get the bowls and calmly return to getting 
 ready. But then Jason screwed that all up for me. He grabs onto my legs and 
 yells: ‘MOMMIE, PLAY WITH ME!’ Of course I tried to act like the perfect 
 parent and explain that I couldn’t right then but he would have none of that. 
 The little twerp grabs the bottom of my towel and starts to run away. Before I 
 knew what was happening the towel was off and I was standing naked in front of 
 Stan’s coworkers!!” 

 “OH MY! Dana, how embarrassing!!” I said excitedly.

 “Let’s just say that was the day I learned that my son could really run! I 
 thought I could just immediately snatch the towel back, but he yanked it away 
 and took off laughing – almost as if he was taunting me as if he was daring me 
 to chase him. Of course the mother instinct took over my thoughts and all I 
 wanted to do was discipline my son – you know – make sure he didn’t get away 
 with it. All of the guests were laughing as I took a few steps toward my son 
 to get that towel but he ran off with it, ignoring my commands and screaming 
 his little head off. It was then I realized that I was naked – not just naked 
 mind you, but naked in front of strangers! I let out a shriek and ran to the 
 nearest place to hide – the garage!”

 As I Listened to her story I knew EXACTLY what she was talking about. I wanted 
 to hear more so I prompted her, “So THEN what happened?”

 “Needless to say I was so humiliated. I just stood there with my hands on the 
 door trying to hold it shut, as if somebody was going to follow me out there. 
 Of course no one did and I calmed down a bit. Then I heard the sound of a car 
 passing by and discovered to my horror that the garage door was wide open! My 
 first instinct was to run and close it. I had just reached up and had a hold 
 of the door when some more of our guests pulled into the driveway and stopped 
 right in front of the garage! I froze for what seemed at least a minute, like 
 in those dreams where you want to run but can’t? Anyway, I quickly pulled the 
 door closed but not before Tom and his wife got a good look at me!”

 “Dana, how awful!” I exclaimed.

 Needless to say it took me over an hour before I got up the courage to peek my 
 head out the door and call out to my husband. He brought me my towel and I had 
 to wrap around me as there was nothing else to use and come out to greet 
 everyone. Of course they all had to tease me about it and to make matters 
 worse, Jason was still running around the room laughing saying ‘mommy’s naked, 
 mommy’s naked.’ Stan later told me that our son did that the entire time I was 
 in the garage! Can you imagine? My son was reminding everyone of what had 
 happened by chanting that stupid rhyme. Of course as the other guests arrived 
 and heard him, everyone who had witnessed the actual event had to recount ALL 
 the details!! It was humiliating!”

 ”Dana, I’m so sorry. What a nightmare that must have been,” I said trying to 
 sound supportive. 

 “You honestly mean to tell me that you had no trouble with him at all?” she 
 asked. I finally had to confess what had happened to me in all the gory 
 details. I accompanied her to her son’s school as we both seemed to want to 
 talk about our experiences.

 When we arrived at the school we saw a young lady bolt from the front door 
 wearing a bra and swinging her blouse furiously around her body as if she was 
 being attacked by a swarm of bees or something. My sister and I both laughed, 
 looked at each other and said simultaneously: “JASON!”

 We didn’t need to know any details as we were both sure that her son had 
 something to do with the bizarre sight before us. I could only imagine what 
 Jason was going to be like when he was a teenager!


 Innocent Exposure – Part 3
 By: Hooked6 (Hooked6@hotmail.com)

 Several weeks later I was invited by a classmate of mine, Traci, to a pool 
 party at her house on the upcoming weekend. I needed a new bikini so I headed 
 for the mall to basically kill a day and do some window shopping. Finding a 
 bikini in the middle of summer is not really as easy as it sounds. Most of the 
 good stuff was on the racks way back in early spring. By mid-summer most of 
 the trendy stuff is already gone leaving only the dregs and sizes that nobody 
 wears. It would take a little skill to find what I wanted so I was prepared to 
 spend the better part of the afternoon scouring the various stores until I was 
 satisfied.

 I knew I would be changing into and out of things quite often as I’m pretty 
 picky about what I’m seen in by my peers. In an effort to make my life easier 
 I only wore a pair of sandals and a dark blue, free-flowing knee-length sun 
 dress which I could easily slip over my head in an instant. Changing into a 
 swimsuit several times is a drag especially when one has to go from store to 
 store. Wearing a pair of jeans and a shirt with all the delicate accessories 
 can make shopping a chore. This way would be much simpler. I must admit I felt 
 a bit naughty going without underwear but I rationalized this as purely a 
 matter of convenience given what I was shopping for. 

 After two hours of shopping I was no nearer my goal of finding the perfect 
 swimsuit. I was determined however not to give up and I decided to try some of 
 the lesser known stores in the mall in the hope of finding my prize. It was 
 then I spotted a small clothing store called Trendz and decided to check it 
 out. I had never heard of that particular store before but it was obviously 
 quite popular as it was full of people. It didn’t take long to figure out why 
 as I soon discovered they had loads of neat stuff for people my age. To my 
 delight I found a bikini that seemed to be what I was looking for though I 
 wasn’t sure about the size as it seemed rather small – too small in fact but I 
 was filled with optimism and decided to try it on anyway. If it fit I was sure 
 it would make me look “HOT.” 

 I had just entered one of the dressing rooms in the back of the store and had 
 stripped off my dress leaving it in a pile on the floor. Standing naked I was 
 in the process of trying to remove the bikini top from the hanger when I 
 became aware of someone messing with the curtain that covered my cubicle. “I’m 
 in here,” I said hoping whoever it was would get the message that this 
 dressing room was occupied.

 There was no answer and the curtain stopped moving so I figured that whoever 
 it was had moved on. I went back to fiddling with that darned hanger when the 
 curtain began fluttering again only this time I saw a small hand grabbing hold 
 of it near the bottom.

 I turned to face the curtain and before I could reach out to hold it closed, 
 it opened almost halfway completely exposing me to a store full of people! 
 There to my astonishment stood none other than my little nephew!

 “JASON!” I cried out in a panic. “Let go of that!” The toddler just giggled 
 and began swinging the curtain back and forth playing with it as if it were 
 his personal plaything. I bent down to quickly try and grab the curtain away 
 trying not to create a scene. The last thing I wanted was to draw attention to 
 myself by yelling further.

 My eyes then fixed on a young man holding several hangers of women’s clothes 
 staring at me just a few feet away. He was obviously waiting on his wife or 
 girlfriend as she tried on her selections. He just smiled politely but he 
 never did the gentlemanly thing by averting his eyes. “Kids,” I said nervously 
 and quickly covered my boobs with the hand still grasping the hanger and using 
 my free hand snatched the curtain away from my nephew and slid it closed. I 
 couldn’t believe what had just happened! My only thoughts were about that 
 young man seeing me naked! 

 In a nanosecond the curtain slid open again and Jason yelled, “Where’s mommy?”

 Now two men were outside the room gawking as I desperately tried to gain 
 control over the situation.

 I took a small step outside the room, took hold of my nephew’s arm and pulled 
 him inside the cubicle with me and snatched the curtain closed.

 “Jason, that’s not nice,” I said in a half-whisper. “I was changing!”

 “WHERE”S MOMMY?” he yelled loudly causing me to jump.

 I tried to remain calm as I juggled the hanger in one hand all the while 
 firmly holding the curtain closed with my other hand. “I don’t know Jason. Is 
 she shopping in this store?”

 He shrugged his shoulders and asked again. “Where’s mommy?”

 “I don’t know, Jason,” I replied growing rather impatient. “Let me finish what 
 I’m doing and I’ll help you find her, Okay?”

 “Okay,” he said innocently as he plopped on the floor seeming satisfied with 
 my answer. I was glad that was over. I should have just changed into my dress 
 and left but I had already invested several hours looking for the perfect 
 swimsuit and I wasn’t about to give up when I finally found something I 
 actually liked. I resumed my effort to get the top off the hanger. I finally 
 managed to do so and was preparing to unfasten the straps and put it on when I 
 just happened to look down and saw the last remnants of my dress sliding 
 across the floor under the curtain. Jason wasn’t in the room anymore either! 
 That little heathen must have crawled out under the curtain dragging my dress 
 with him.

 I heard laughter outside in the store. Male and female voices chuckling as 
 they must have figured out that it was now obvious I was trapped inside as 
 that little brat displayed my personal clothing to them.

 “Jason,” I called out sweetly as I cringed behind the curtain. “Give me back 
 my dress, okay?”

 My comment made the shoppers laugh all the more. 

 “Jason, bring my dress back, okay honey . . . I really need my dress.”

 Nothing happened as I desperately waited hiding behind the curtain, clinging 
 to it for all I was worth as it was my only means of preserving my modesty, 
 just in case Jason flung it open again bringing me back my dress. I really 
 wanted to be adult about this as people were obviously watching to see how I 
 was going to handle this. I had hoped someone was going to come to my rescue 
 but I think they were all wrapped up in watching the scene unfold to think 
 about helping me.

 The erotic nature of my predicament wasn’t totally lost on me either. I was 
 trapped naked, not of my choosing, having been seen nude by several people my 
 age. I felt an odd sensation in the pit of my stomach – sort of a combination 
 of embarrassment and arousal. To a woman, feelings are everything and at the 
 moment I was having a hard time deciding just exactly ‘what’ I was feeling.

 “Jason?” I cried out hopefully. Nothing but silence greeted me. I began to get 
 worried. My protective instincts began to dominate my thinking and I carefully 
 opened the curtain enough so that my head peered out into the store. There was 
 Jason on the floor with my dress playing with it dragging it one way then 
 another. “Jason, honey,” I said sweetly, “Bring me back my dress, okay?” Of 
 course the worried look on my face and the quivering in my voice only served 
 to confirm to the onlookers what up to now they only might have surmised – 
 that I was trapped naked inside the room.

 I held out my arm towards my nephew and beckoned him to come to me. He just 
 laughed – that oh so infectious laughter that only a toddler can mutter 
 endearing everyone to him! His laughter caused the onlookers to join in 
 giggling as well. “Jason . . .” I pleaded again but this time he started 
 walking away dragging my dress with him. 

 My heart sank! “JASON!” I yelled forcefully hoping to get his attention. He 
 stopped, turned around and looked at me for a few seconds, laughed some more 
 and took several small steps away from me separating me from my clothing even 
 more. It was like a game with him and the crowd was eagerly lapping it up! I 
 wondered where the store workers were but then seeing all the shoppers milling 
 around everywhere inside the shop I figured they were busy and totally 
 oblivious to anything going on in the back of the store.

 A small game of cat and mouse ensued resulting in my dress getting farther and 
 farther away. A few more steps and he would be out of sight my view being 
 blocked by racks of garments. “Jason, PLEASE, honey come back here, okay?” I 
 said with a bit of panic.

 He then laughed hysterically and wandered off. I can only explain what I did 
 next by stating that fear overtook me – not fear for myself but for my little 
 nephew. I had no idea where my sister Dana was and in this day and age any 
 weirdo could have snatched him up and disappeared with him. Forgetting my 
 situation, I tossed the hanger on the floor, pulled open the curtain and went 
 out into the store! Yes, I was aware I was naked and I was nervous as could be 
 but I wanted – no NEEDED to find my nephew. Seeing the young men and women 
 looking at me with smiles on their faces caused me to instinctively use my 
 hands to cover myself as best I could in the classic Embarrassed Nude Female 
 pose. Still they looked anyway. Do you think ANYONE offered to help? No, they 
 just watched and laughed. I could see surprised looks on their faces as if 
 some of them couldn’t believe what I was doing, others were just ecstatic that 
 I was! I walked passed several people in the direction of the garment rack 
 Jason had disappeared behind only moments before – knowing full well that once 
 I passed the onlookers they would have a perfectly unobstructed view of my 
 ass! I could literally FEEL their eyes fixed on my backside!

 I rounded the rack and there he was standing there dress in hand – as if he 
 was purposely waiting for me to follow him. I stopped and called out to him as 
 I held out my hand, “Here honey, give me my dress.” 

 He laughed and took several more steps stopping to see if I’d follow. Of 
 course a whole new set of onlookers now gawked at me having no clue as to what 
 had just transpired at the dressing room. 

 I took a few steps and he’d take a few – leading me ever closer to the front 
 on the store and the large display windows that looked out into the mall. I 
 was too far into the store to go back to the dressing room and too concerned 
 for his welfare to leave him. If I made a sudden leap towards him, he’d run 
 away. If I took baby-steps, he’d take baby-steps. He was testing my patience. 
 This was becoming personal with me and there was no way I wanted him to get 
 away with this. I was determined to teach him a lesson – albeit at the expense 
 of my modesty. 

 I finally managed to get close enough to him that if I made one last leap I’d 
 be able to grab my dress. By now I was in plain view of the front store 
 entrance and I could see people in the mall looking in at me and the strange 
 sight before them. It was as if time was standing still as I pondered what to 
 do next. I suddenly lurched forward and using both hands grabbed hold of my 
 dress and began to pull – hoping the little scamp would be dragged along to me 
 as well. He laughed hysterically and held onto the dress with all his might. I 
 didn’t want to pull too hard lest he’d fall and hurt himself so I measured my 
 strength so as not to let go. Of course while I did this everyone got a great 
 look at my naked body – my boobs, my pubes – everything as my arms were 
 outstretched holding onto the dress! My patience paid off however as I began 
 to win and held on until he crept closer and closer as I reeled the dress in. 
 He got so close that with my next pull I figured I could reach out and grab 
 hold of him.

 That was a mistake. As I let go with one hand to make my move to grab him, he 
 must have sensed I was letting go so he let go too and backwards I tumbled 
 unceremoniously onto the floor. When I regained my senses I discovered that my 
 legs had spread wide apart giving everyone in front of me a great shot of my 
 Cooter! I was never so embarrassed in my whole life! Jason for his part took 
 off scampering out the front of the store. I sprang to my feet and gave chase. 
 This was no longer a game and I was going to get him before something bad 
 happened. Leaving my dress on the floor I bolted out into the mall, grabbed 
 the little guy by his collar and picked him up as he laughed in the most 
 adorable fashion! People actually applauded as I headed back into the store. I 
 wasn’t sure if they were applauding because they were glad I caught him or 
 because they were grateful for my exhibition. Either way this was over, or so 
 I thought.

 As I made my way back to the spot where I had left my dress it was gone! 
 “Where is my dress?!” I asked in a panic and people seemed to be genuinely in 
 the dark about what had happened to it. Everyone began looking around in 
 earnest and people seemed sincere about helping me find it, but it was nowhere 
 to be seen! I looked around several racks and still no dress. Some pervert 
 must have absconded with it! I wasn’t about to stand there giving everyone a 
 free show – even though I will secretly admit was quite a turn on, so I headed 
 back to the dressing room, calling out for my sister Dana at the top of my 
 lungs as I went.

 Once in the dressing room I realized that the bikini I wanted to try on was 
 still there so I picked it up and put it on. It was way too small and showed 
 much more than I thought was prudent to wear to Traci’s party - still it 
 offered some cover so I kept it on. 

 I left the dressing room to look for my sister who by bow had to be worried 
 sick about her son. I looked stupid in my bikini with my boobs spilling out of 
 the cups and butt cheeks hanging out of the bottoms but at least I WAS 
covered.

 “THERE you are!” Dana called out in a panic as she spotted us in the store. 
 After hugging her son she paused and looked me over. “What happened to you?” 
 she asked stifling a giggle. “No wait, don’t tell me: JASON right?”

 I love my sister dearly but I could only imagine what catastrophe awaited me 
 the next time I encountered her son!




 