                                         A Reluctant Whore
                                           By Lust 4 Life

Alone and desperate, Elizabeth finds she must turn to prostitution to survive. Set in 1700s 
England. MF preg.

Intro

At 16 Elizabeth found herself alone in a strange city. She had no one to turn to for help. 
Her parents had died in the rural famine. As evening came on she wondered where she 
could sleep and how she could earn some money for food. She had done her best to 
arrange her ragged clothes and ask in shops for work, but no one wanted her help. Now 
the shops were closing.

With hunger beginning to gnaw at her belly, in desperation, she now began to ask passing 
strangers for a coin for food. The people ignored her, hurrying on, until one man stopped 
and said, Before I give you a coin, you will have to earn it. How desperate are you 
really? Elizabeth answered that she was very much in need, she had no money and was 
hungry. The man told her to follow him and walked until he came to a dark doorway 
where he beckoned her in off the street. Now he pulled out a single copper coin and said, 
If you do a good job, this is yours. With that, to Elizabeths amazement, he dropped his 
pants. She looked at him in confusion. Of course, growing up on a farm, she knew about 
sex, both from the animals, and from living with her parents in a small single room 
cottage. But the man did not seem to be asking for sex. Well, go on, if you want the 
coin, lick it he said. Never having heard of oral sex, Elizabeth was still confused. I 
dont understand she stammered. Dont you know what a blow job is? the man asked 
somewhat incredulously. After she indicated her ignorance, the man explained. At least 
I wont get pregnant she thought as she sank to her knees. She had never considered the 
possibility of oral sex and she was at once revolted and fascinated. As a healthy young 
woman, her hormones were in full flower and the sight of the mans genitalia was 
exciting, as was the idea of arousing him.

Tentatively, she leaned forward and licked his hanging member. Following the mans 
instructions she began to lick his penis as it started to swell, and she slipped her head 
down over the end, taking him in her mouth as he continued swelling. Soon his manhood 
was standing out rigid. Elizabeth was fascinated by the effect she was having on the man. 
The man continued his instructions, telling her how to use a hand to stroke him, how to 
bob her head up and down and swirl her tongue around the shaft. He also taught her how 
to lick his erection, the most sensitive areas. Then he asked her to drop the straps of her 
dress off her shoulder so he could feel her breasts. The feel of his hands massaging her 
breasts caused a tingling in her already moist pussy. Next the man instructed her to run 
her fingers over his balls and back toward his anus. Elizabeth found she liked the feel of 
his hard yet smooth cock and the feel of his balls in her hands. The knowledge that she 
was turning this man on stimulated her further. She was also vaguely aware that they 
were merely in the shadows while people walked by on the street and that some of them 
must surely notice them here in the shadows. Now the man began to moan and was 
making little thrusting motions with his hips as she continued to stimulate him. Next she 
felt him getting even harder and then suddenly his cock jerked in her mouth and she was 
surprised to feel a sudden squirt of liquid in her mouth. The man groaned loudly and 
pushed his penis into her mouth where it continued to jerk, shooting more and more 
semen into her mouth. Not sure what to do with it, Elizabeth let it start to run out of her 
mouth where it dribbled down onto her breasts. Finally the man pulled his now rapidly 
deflating penis from her mouth. Mmm, that was good he sighed. He handed her the 
coin, pulled his pants up and disappeared into the night, leaving Elizabeth sitting there in 
the dark doorway, her dress down with her breasts exposed and cum dripping out of her 
mouth and onto her breasts.

Life on the Street

The coin was enough for Elizabeth to fill her stomach, but she ended up sleeping huddled 
and cold in a dark doorway. The next day, her attempts to find work were no more 
successful and as evening drew on, she decided she knew what she was going to have to 
do to eat that night. As night fell, she would look for single men walking down the street 
and ask them, You want a blow job? Just one copper. The first several men ignored her 
and continued on. Even this is harder than I expected she thought to herself. Now she 
decided she would have to add some enticement to the offer, so she loosened her top so 
she could easily lower it. Now when she approached a man, she would lower her top 
showing off her breasts. Finally a man accepted her offer and she led him to a darkened 
doorway where she serviced him. But she wanted someplace to sleep for the night, so she 
continued until she had earned enough for a meal and a bed, a total of 4 coppers, four 
men, four blow jobs.

It did not take Elizabeth long to fall into a routine, hustling blow jobs at a copper apiece. 
It also wasnt long until one of her clients said he wanted more than a blow job. When 
Elizabeth refused, he first offered 5 copper coins and when she still refused, he tried to 
rip her dress off in the darkened doorway, but she managed to slip away. Another time 
she was chased by another woman who considered that part of the street to be her 
territory.

One day, several weeks later, a man approached her and informed her that he controlled 
the women working this area. If she wanted to work here, she had to give him half of her 
profits, and take care of him and his friends. He made it clear that if she was going to 
work here, she would either cooperate or suffer dire consequences. With little choice, she 
acquiesced to the pimps demands, but now she was having real trouble earning enough 
to get by on, sometimes still having to sleep on the street. And the pimp and his friends 
definitely wanted more than just blow jobs. Elizabeth was getting desperate again, she 
was going to have to do something else, but she didnt know what.

Not long after this, a man whom Elizabeth approached indicated that he wanted more 
than just a blow job. As usual, Elizabeth declined. However, this time, the man suggested 
that not only could she earn more money, but that she could work inside in a much nicer 
atmosphere. While she still did not want to spread her legs for a man and risk pregnancy, 
the combination of more money and better conditions intrigued Elizabeth and she asked 
him to tell her more. The man suggested that she could work at any of a number of the 
local bars. She would probably have to pay the bar tender, one way or the other, for the 
use of a room, but that in general the bartenders would be happy to have a girl of her 
looks working at their establishment because it would help bring in customers. Elizabeth 
was shocked when the man told her that instead of a copper coin for a blow job, she 
could earn as much as a whole silver coin for fucking. The man told her she should not 
go to a bar which already had several girls working it  prices would be lower and the 
girls would resent her. Find one with maybe only one other girl working it. Also, you 
may have to do a little something to convince the bartender to let you start working his 
bar. He then suggested several which might be possibilities. Elizabeth said she would 
think about it.

Over the next couple of nights, as she approached men offering her regular services, she 
thought about what it would be like, working a bar, flirting with the men, offering them 
not just a blow job, but a chance to shoot their seed in her womb. And as she sucked on a 
mans cock, feeling its smooth hardness sliding in her mouth she wondered what it would 
be like to feel it sliding in her pussy, knowing that he was getting ready to cum in her. 
And as she felt the mans penis throb in her mouth and shoot his semen into her throat, 
she wondered what it would be like to feel him lunging into her, to feel his penis 
throbbing in her pussy and know that she was taking his sperm in her womb, that instead 
of just giving the man a moment of pleasure, she was giving him a chance to impregnate 
her. To her surprise, Elizabeth realized that she found the idea turned her on and made 
her pussy wet. After several days of this, she decided she should at least investigate, see 
what the bars were like, see if any were even an option. Unfortunately, the time to visit 
the bars was in the evening, when she would normally be earning her living sucking 
cocks in darkened doorways.

Getting Started

Being cautious, Elizabeth first walked around finding a number of different candidate 
bars and observing them from the outside. Once she had identified a few that might have 
potential, she went back and with some trepidation, entered the first one. The room was 
loud and smoke filled with men sitting at a long bar and groups of men on rough stools or 
benches around rough wooden tables, drinking, smoking, talking quietly or loudly. The 
bar tender was serving the men at the bar, a woman was serving the men at the tables. It 
did not take Elizabeth long to notice 3 different women circulating among the men. The 
women were scantily clad and were sidling up to the men, rubbing themselves against the 
men or sitting in their laps, talking for a bit (and the men were often letting their hands 
roam on the women), and then moving on. These were obviously working girls looking 
for customers. It also did not take long for the bartender to notice her and hustle over 
telling her in no uncertain terms that he did not need any more working girls here.

Elizabeth moved on to another bar and another, each with a similar experience. She was 
beginning to get disappointed, thinking that she was not going to have to make a choice 
about offering more because it looked like she was not going to find any open bars and 
that she was instead going to be hustling blow jobs on the street for a while longer.

Then she came to a bar, similar to the others, but at first she did not see any women 
working the men. Her stomach felt a bit giddy: Was this an opportunity? Did she dare? If 
she did, how would she start? Then she saw a curtain in the back move aside and a 
woman with the working girl look and a man came out. The man returned to a table 
with several other men who were obviously teasing him about something. The girl went 
to the bar and got a drink before starting to circulate among the men. Elizabeth realized 
the woman must have just been entertaining the man as a customer in the back, She has 
just spread her legs for him and taken his sperm and even now it is swimming inside her 
Elizabeth thought.

This was it. Decision time. She could walk out and return to her life on the street, or she 
could walk over to the bar tender. She wrestled with the question: I dont want to be a 
whore. Youre already a whore, giving blow jobs in doorways, sucking off strange men. I 
dont want strange men pawing me, knowing they can have their way with me for a price. 
Yes you do. The thought turns you on, youre already wet thinking about it. I dont want 
to get pregnant, have bastard children and not even know who the father is. Maybe if Im 
careful and douche carefully afterwards and avoid my most fertile days, I wont get 
pregnant. You need the money, you cant go on the way you have been.

Finally, plucking up her courage, heart pounding in her chest, Elizabeth headed over to 
the end of the bar. The bar tender soon headed over, looked her up and down, and then 
asked, What can I do for you miss? Uhm, I was wondering if it would be alright with 
you if I worked here?  With the men?  Uh, like that other girl. She nodded her head 
toward the girl who was now back soliciting among the men. She couldnt quite bring 
herself to say she wanted to be whore. The man looked at her again. Are you sure you 
know what youre doing? How do I know youll be any good? Elizabeth had been 
expecting this. She turned a bit so she was facing just the bar tender, and pulled her top 
down enough to expose her breasts. Well, Ive got these. What do you think? The bar 
tender reached out and put his hand on one of her breasts, squeezing. At the same time 
she reached out and ran her hand over his crotch, adding, Ive never had any complaints 
so far. The man slowly withdrew his hand, saying, Hm, well I would guess maybe you 
havent. Alright, but you are going to need different clothes. That old dress wont do at 
all. My fee is one silver coin per week, or a turn with you in back, my choice. The 
arrangement here is you and Karen work the guys. Any customers, you take em behind 
the curtain there. Oh, and my name is Sam. If youre still interested, come back tomorrow 
night wearing something a lot more interesting. Now, what was your name? Elizabeth 
told him and pulling herself back together, hurried out of the bar.

Elizabeth just had a couple of coins left, barely enough to buy new clothes, so she slept 
on the street that night, curled up in an alley. She did manage to hustle one blow job 
before going to bed, adding a little to her cash supply. She also had one final task to take 
care of. She had managed to pilfer a candle stick expressly for this purpose. She did not 
want her first customer to know she was a virgin, so deep in the shadows of an alley, she 
slowly worked the candlestick up into her tight pussy until it hit her maiden head. She 
tried to just push through but was surprised at how difficult this proved to be  and it 
hurt. Next she tried ramming the candlestick repeatedly against her hymen. It hurt but she 
could feel it gradually stretching, and then with a sudden sharp tearing pain which made 
her gasp, she was through. Open and ready for business she thought to herself. The 
next day she went looking for something to wear at the bar that night. As she looked, the 
thought kept crossing her mind that she was looking for clothes to show off her body, to 
entice men, that she was buying whores clothes. The thought sent a shiver through her 
body, but she could not determine if it was fear, disgust, or excitement. In the end, all she 
could afford was one cheap outfit, but she figured she should soon be able to afford more.

First Trick

Elizabeth arrived at the bar in the early evening, just as it was starting to fill up. Sam 
nodded her back to the alcove where she quickly stripped off her regular dress. Standing 
behind the curtain, naked, she thought to herself, Before long many of these men will 
have seen me naked, and a whole lot more. The thought again sent a shiver through her 
body. She slipped on the skimpy outfit. Elizabeth really was a well built young lass. Full 
rounded hips, narrow waist, large breasts, full lips, nice face, long, well proportioned 
limbs. The short skirt only came down a few inches below her crotch, and the top 
accentuated her breasts, low cut in the middle with just enough material to cover her 
nipples. Even with the outfit on, she still felt almost naked, revealed, which of course was 
the whole point. Looking around she noticed a straw tick on the floor would provide 
some padding. Taking a deep breath to try to slow the butterflies in her stomach, 
Elizabeth walked out into the room. She noticed that a number of the men immediately 
noticed her. A new toy to play with she thought.

Sam beckoned her over. He introduced her to Sara, the girl waiting tables. Ill introduce 
you to Karen later he said, since she had not yet arrived. Ill let you slide a couple of 
days on your first payment, till youve had a chance to get your feet on the ground, but 
you will need to pay cash for any drinks. Well, good luck. With that he bustled back to 
the bar, leaving Elizabeth standing at the bar by herself. I guess its show time she 
thought to herself as she started to walk out into the room.

Moving with what she hoped was a slinky, sexy walk, she approached one of the tables 
with several men and moved up next to one of them, putting her arm around his shoulder. 
How are you handsome blokes doing this evening? she drawled. The man around 
whom she had thrown her arm let his hand move slowly up her leg until he reached her 
bare ass. His touch sent twinges through her pussy. The man answered, Were doing 
fine. Youre new here, eh? Well this should liven things up a bit  always nice to see a 
new face. After a few minutes chat, the men let her know that at least at the moment, 
they were not interested, but there were definitely times they would be.

Elizabeth looked around, and seeing several men eyeing her, she picked the best looking 
of them and approached him. Hi handsome! Like what you see? She wiggled her chest 
a little. The man quickly affirmed that indeed he liked what he was seeing. Mind if I join 
you for a moment? My legs are tired she said. Without really giving him time to answer, 
she squirmed her way onto his lap, brushing her tits in his face. Well we certainly 
wouldnt want you to be uncomfortable the man responded, lifting one hand and 
squeezing one of her breasts through her top. Elizabeth had to make an effort not to flinch 
or draw away at the touch of this strange man. Instead, she wiggled her hips in his lap and 
asked, Want to have some fun? I can fuck you really good.

The man, Andrew, had some extra coins today and had been planning on spending them 
on a session with Karen. He liked her, she was good, but he had been with her several 
times. When he had first seen Elizabeth come out from behind the curtain, he had 
changed his mind, deciding that if she was available, this new lady would provide some 
variety  and she was hot looking. He watched her intently as she spoke with Sam at the 
bar, and then as she stopped at the first table. When she headed toward his table, Andrew 
felt his penis twitch in anticipation. When she sat in his lap, he thrust upward as she 
ground on him, providing both of them with extra stimulation. It was obvious she was 
here on business, soliciting, and he did not hesitate to let his hands move to her barely 
covered breasts and squeeze them. The feel of her breasts in his hands and her butt 
wiggling in his lap as he pushed up against her, was sending strong signals to his genitals 
that here was a willing mate to receive his seed.

Andrew accepted her proposition and after a quick negotiation on price, Elizabeth stood 
and taking him by the hand, headed for the curtain. As she walked, she knew several of 
the other men were watching, and she knew they all knew what she was and what she 
was about to do.

Once behind the curtain, Elizabeth turned, and facing the man, pulled her top up over her 
head, exposing her breasts for him. Next she unfastened her skirt and let it fall so that she 
was now standing naked before him. She rolled her hips suggestively and then 
approached him. Dropping her hand, she rubbed his crotch, feeling his cock through his 
trousers, the cock that would soon be sliding inside and squirting in her. Andrew drew a 
deep breath and placed his hands on her breasts, sending a shiver through Elizabeth. She 
felt her pussy getting moist as Andrews hands on her breasts and the feel of his cock 
through the material sent signals to her body. At the animal instinct level, their bodies 
both knew they were about to mate. His body was beginning to prepare his cum load, his 
balls releasing his sperm, his prostate churning out the fluid to carry it into a waiting 
womb, while his penis was beginning to swell in preparation for delivery. Meanwhile, her 
pussy was beginning to flow, lubricating for easy insertion of an erect penis, her pussy 
lips were swelling with blood and opening in invitation as she prepared to accept a males 
offering and draw it into her body. While he continued to knead her breasts, she 
unbuttoned his tunic and then moved to his belt.

Her hands trembled with anticipation as she undid his belt. Obviously she had seen many 
hard cocks, while giving blow jobs in doorways. But this was going to be the first she felt 
inside her. She knew it would be bigger than her finger sliding inside, but beyond that she 
wasnt sure what to expect. She pulled his pants down, revealing his cock, partially hard, 
swelling in anticipation of her body. As Andrew continued to fondle her breasts, she sank 
to her knees, till her face was level with his crotch. She continued to gently stroke his 
hardening shaft and slid her other hand between his legs, cupping his testicles. Now 
bending forward, she took his cock in her mouth. To Elizabeth this part was at the same 
time both familiar from her nights in dark doorways and unfamiliar, because she knew 
this time the man was expecting and was going to get more  tonight she was offering not 
just her mouth, but her body. From Andrews groans and his rapidly swelling cock, she 
knew he was enjoying her actions. And his reactions were having an effect on her, 
causing her pussy to get wetter, the smell of sex beginning to rise in both their senses. 
Soon Andrew grabbed her head and pulled away, saying Damn thats nice, but Im not 
paying for a blow job. I want to fuck you, feel your hot pussy wrapped around my hard 
cock.

Elizabeth lay back on the straw tick, and spread her legs. Rolling her hips she looked up 
and said, Cmon. Give me your hard cock. Fuck me good. I want it. She wondered how 
many of the men on the other side of the curtain could hear her. She could see the lust in 
Andrews eyes. He moved forward eagerly, his rigid cock straining for her pussy. She 
knew that she was about to feel her first cock, her first fuck, and that she was offering her 
body to him, allowing him to plant his seed in her. And she knew it was too late now to 
change her mind, she was committed to this act.

The sight of Elizabeth laying back, legs spread in invitation had a powerful effect on 
Andrew, causing his penis to jerk in anticipation. He quickly lowered himself, bringing 
the distended head of his penis into contact with her pussy lips. He rubbed it up and 
down, separating her lips and lubricating himself with her juices for easy entry. And then 
he began to slide forward, into her most private place. While there was no physical 
barrier, this was still the first entry (except for the slender candlestick), and she was tight. 
Andrew had to work his way in slowly, until finally he was fully embedded in her, his 
cock stretching her, filling her, warming her. She couldnt help herself, she wrapped her 
legs around him, pulling him in further, holding him tightly, savoring the feel of him in 
her, of his body pressed to hers.

Soon Andrew began moving inside her, slowly at first, starting to slide in and out, 
fucking her, preparing his body to shoot his seed into her waiting body. And his thrusting 
was stimulating her  her own fingers had never felt this good. His thrusting cock felt so 
good, filling her, stroking her. The more he fucked, the more she wanted. Soon she was 
rolling her hips, trying to get even more stimulation from his cock, and in the process 
urging him on. Looking down she watched his cock disappearing inside her and then 
withdrawing, his balls hanging behind. In order to get even more stimulation, she pulled 
her knees back and apart, pushed her hips up, trying to get him still deeper. Andrew was 
now thrusting vigorously into her and she could hear a squelching sound coming from her 
pussy as his cock pistoned in and out, and a slapping sound as their bodies collided on 
each stroke.

Andrew was in heaven. Elizabeth was not only good looking but her pussy was tighter on 
his cock than anyone he had fucked in a long time. Her obvious excitement provided 
additional enjoyment. Reaching under her ass, he pulled her closer to him on each in 
stroke. He could feel the delicious tension building in his body as he got closer and he 
knew that soon he was going to be spraying his cum inside her, filling her with his 
essence. The thought drove him to greater exertion. Meanwhile, Elizabeth felt her own 
body responding, she could sense an orgasm building. The feel of Andrews cock 
slamming into her pussy, his pubic bone grinding against hers, and then his hands on her 
ass pulling her even further onto his cock was overwhelming her. The knowledge that she 
was playing sperm roulette, that soon this fabulous cock was going to be spraying her 
insides just turned her on more and she ground against her partner, moaning, Oh yes, so 
good. Keep going, oh fuck me, more.

The couple continued to thrust against each other with ever increasing vigor. Each now 
driven by the demands of their body for more stimulation. Elizabeth could feel a massive 
orgasm approaching as Andrew continued to drive into her. Her entire consciousness 
focused on the incredible feeling between her legs as his cock banged at the entrance to 
her womb. And then it hit her, she was thrashing, moaning on his wonderful shaft as her 
orgasm washed over her. Her reaction was too much for Andrew, and with a final thrust 
he buried himself in her and joined her moans of ecstasy as his cock began to pulse, 
shooting streams of semen into her eager body. Through her own orgasm, Elizabeth 
could feel Andrew pressed tightly against her, his cock buried as deeply as possible in her 
body, the head pressed against the entrance to her womb, and she could feel the throbbing 
which meant he was pumping his sperm into her. She could feel a sudden warmth and 
wetness and knew it was his seed.

Soon her orgasm passed and she felt Andrew shrinking inside of her, and then slipping 
out. Uhm, that was good he muttered, quickly putting his clothes on and ducking out 
through the curtain. Curious, Elizabeth, slipped a finger into her pussy and could feel the 
extra slimy wetness of Andrews deposit. She was able to scoop a bit out with her finger 
and see it, milky white on her finger. She douched quickly, trying to flush as much of his 
sperm from her body as possible. She was glad her period had just passed and she was 
not in her most fertile time, yet she felt a strange excitement at the risk she was taking.

Dressing, she walked back out and over to the bar where she bought a drink. She noticed 
many of the men watching her. In fact, she noticed a strange, appraising look in Sams 
eyes as he handed her, her drink. As she nursed her drink, she noticed Karen drifting 
among the men, looking for business. It was not long before she found a willing customer 
and headed behind the curtain. She listened to the occasional moan breaking through the 
general noise of the bar and knew the people sitting near the curtain had heard everything 
she did back there. The silver coin was more money than Elizabeth had had in months. 
So, with her new found wealth, she decided to call it a night.

Paying the Rent

The next day was similar. Elizabeth was both a bit less apprehensive as this was no 
longer completely new to her, but at the same time, she was still new enough that she was 
embarrassed, walking into this place where everyone now knew exactly what she was, a 
whore willing to spread her legs and offer her body to any man with enough coins. Again, 
she circulated among the men, offering her services, let their hands wander freely until 
she found an interested customer. Again they retreated behind the curtain and soon the 
man was between her legs, his penis thrusting into her vagina, playing sperm roulette 
until he groaned in release, pumping his semen into her receptive body. After cleaning 
herself, she returned to the bar for a drink.

Sam approached her and said, I think it is time to pay the rent, and this month Ill take it 
in services rendered. Turning to his assistant behind the bar, Sam said, Take over for a 
while will you. Im going on break with Elizabeth here. She saw the other man smile as 
he told Sam, Sure. Enjoy yourself! She followed Sam into the back where he laid down 
on the mattress and told her, Alright, lets see what you have to offer. Do a little dance 
for me as you take off your clothes. She felt self-conscious as she realized this was 
probably going to be more than the quick fuck of her first two customers  Sam seemed 
to be planning on taking his time with her, which somehow made the encounter even 
more intimate.

She moved slowly, swaying her hips for Sam. He encouraged her to move, so she turned, 
bending over, giving him a view of her bare pussy, then turned again, teasing him. Next 
she briefly lowered her top, showing him her breasts, then lifted her skirt, giving him a 
view of her bush. Finally, she undid the clasps and let her clothes fall to the floor so that 
she was naked in front of Sam, revealing all of her charms for him. She could see from 
the tent in his tunic that she was kindling his desire, that her body and her actions were 
turning him on, inviting him to fuck her. She felt a strange excitement, knowing she was 
offering her body to this man, that she was turning him on and making him want her. The 
fact that she knew him, would see him every day also made this encounter more intimate 
than the others. She continued to grind her hips, turning them both on. Finally, Sam said, 
Enough, come here. Elizabeth glided over and sat by him, feeling his eager hands on 
her breasts, sending tingles through her body. Her hand dropped into his lap, feeling the 
growing bulge under the cloth. She stroked him through the cloth for a few minutes while 
he explored her body with his hands. Then she undid his clothes and pushed them off of 
him, revealing a round, hairy belly and a stiff, fat cock sticking up from his forest of 
pubic hair.

Reaching down, she clasp it in her hands and began gently stroking, bringing a moan of 
pleasure from Sam. Now she reached under with her other hand and let her fingers dance 
over his tight ball sack. After a few minutes, Sam said, Suck it. She obediently lowered 
her head, taking him into her mouth, like she had so many other customers in the 
alleyways, but this time, instead of coming in her mouth, she was just getting him ready 
for her pussy. She ran her hand over his tight sack, feeling the balls that would soon be 
delivering their sperm inside her cunt, tickling them, exciting them. His hard penis 
stretched her mouth as she bobbed on it, a slightly salty taste. While she sucked, Sam 
continued to squeeze her breasts, and run a hand between her legs, slipping a finger into 
her moist pussy. Her body was responding, getting ready to fuck again, her pussy lips 
engorging with blood were open and ready.

When Sam groaned, Thats enough. I want to fuck you now, she lifted her head and 
looked briefly at his distended cock, the slit at the end looking back at her, the slit that 
would soon be shooting his sperm into her as it convulsed in pleasure inside her pussy. 
Elizabeth lay back, spreading her legs in invitation, the female ready for the male to 
mount her and inseminate her. But Sam wasnt quite ready yet. Show me you want it 
he said. Rub your pussy for me. Ask me to fuck you. Tell me you want to feel me inside 
you, fucking, and shooting my cum in you. Elizabeth obeyed, running her hand lewdly 
over her pussy, as if in heat, and tried to sound convincing as she told Sam she wanted to 
feel him inside her, fucking, filling her with his sperm. She saw his cock twitch in 
excitement from her words.

Now Sam crawled between her legs, his straining cock sticking out from his belly, balls 
drawn up tight. Mm-m murmured Bob, This is gonna be good. You are one hot piece 
Elizabeth. Im sure gonna enjoy blowin a load in you! With that he brought the head of 
his bloated penis to the entrance to her vagina and immediately started to sink in. 
Elizabeth could feel her pussy gripping, but opening for this new lover, stretching as he 
impaled her on his shaft. Soon she felt his pubic bone grind against hers, his belly pressed 
to hers, his weight pinning her. Uhm, that feels good! Damn I love being inside a 
woman! She felt his cock jerk inside her as he said this. Now he withdrew, and soon 
began thrusting into her, fucking, taking his pleasure, massaging his penis with her 
vagina, and preparing himself for ejaculation. Elizabeth lay there, taking his strokes, her 
body moving with each thrust so that her tits were bouncing back and forth in rhythm to 
his strokes. She could hear the lewd squelching of Sams penis sliding in her vagina, the 
steady slapping of their bellies, and Sams grunts of pleasure. She wondered how much 
the people at the tables on the other side of the curtain could hear.

Sams hands groped her body as he fucked. First squeezing her breasts, then grabbing her 
ass and pulling her tighter to him on each stroke. Uhm, run your fingers over my balls 
Sam grunted. Obediently Elizabeth reached around between their legs and found the tight 
little sack with his testicles. She ran her fingers over them as he thrust into her, causing 
him to moan more. With her hand at the point of action, she could feel his penis, wet with 
her secretions as he slid in and out. She was rutting like the animals back on the farm, she 
thought, penis in vagina, the male attempting to inseminate the female. Her hands on his 
balls made her think of his sperm, his seed he was preparing for her that he was soon 
going to be pumping through his cock into her body. Here she was, on her back, legs 
splayed wide for this man, allowing him access into her most private parts, offering her 
womb to his sperm.

Sams thrusting was more vigorous now, his grunting more animal as he focused on the 
pleasure in his penis, the pressure building in his loins. Tell me how much you like my 
hard cock in you. Tell me how much you want to feel me shooting in you he gasped. 
Oh yes! Oh, your cock is so big, so good! Elizabeth moaned. Oh I love it! Fuck me 
harder. Dont stop! I want to feel you shooting in me. I want your cum in me. Fill me 
up! She wiggled her hips for him. Now as he continued fucking she could feel his body 
tensing. He wrapped his arms under her back and shoulder, pulling her tight to him and 
she knew he was nearing the peak, that inside his body his sperm was boiling, ready to 
explode from his penis in search of an egg to start the cycle of life. Sam completely 
dominated her senses. His large body pressed down on her, his arms pulling her to him, 
locking his penis deep in her vagina, his body tensing around her with his final strokes. 
He was sweating, panting, grunting as his penis continued to pound into her pussy, 
shaking her body with each stroke. Come on! Let it go! Give it to me, shoot your sperm 
in me! she whispered to him. She could feel his cock swelling now and knew he was 
seconds away from spewing his load in her.

Im gonna cum, ah, ah AH-H-H! Im cuming! Sam yelled. Elizabeth knew the people 
on the other side of the curtain could hear, and knew she was taking his sperm. As he 
yelled, he lunged extra hard into her and she felt a massive throb in his penis followed by 
a steady throbbing as he began pumping into her. Her fingers on his balls could feel each 
pulse as he pushed into her holding his dick as deep in her cunt as possible as he shot his 
seed into her. She could feel the spreading warmth of his semen filling her and knew that 
jets of his potent white fluid were shooting through his penis and out the slit at the end, 
coating her insides, looking for the entrance to her womb. His ejaculation seemed to go 
on and on as his penis pulsed again and again, pumping his sperm into her. Finally the 
throbbing slowed to an occasional pulse and he began to relax. Oh that was good! Damn 
you know how to empty a mans balls!

Sam continued to hold himself in Elizabeth, his cock still jerking occasionally with 
pleasant aftershocks as it tried to push the last few drops of his semen into her flooded 
tunnel. Eventually his once distended cock shrank back to normal size and slipped out of 
her juicy slit. Sam leaned back, raising himself from her and groaning in contentment. 
Her pussy hair was matted with their juices and she felt some running down the crack of 
her ass. Sams cock glistened with their combined juices, all evidence of their recent 
mating. Now Sam got up and pulling on his clothes, said See you at the bar. After he 
left, Elizabeth lay for a moment gathering her thoughts before slowly cleaning up. This 
time not only was it obvious what she had come back here to do, but it was probable that 
a large portion of the bar had heard her getting fucked. In a moment, she would be 
walking back out and everyone would know she had Sams sperm swimming in her cunt 
and in her womb, and more than that, that she had two mens sperm in her. I guess I 
really am a whore she thought, No secret about that anymore. No point in being coy 
about it. And she thought, it was only a matter of time until one little drop of semen 
found one of her eggs and her belly started to swell with an unknown mans baby.

In that moment of reflection she accepted her fate, and decided to accept what she was. 
She could feel bad about it and be miserable, or accept it and enjoy her work. The 
realization that she was a whore liberated her and allowed her to relax in her new role. 
With that she finished dressing and walked saucily out of the back room and over to the 
bar. Grinning at Sam, she said in a conversational tone, That was good! But you sure 
work up a thirst in a girl. How about a drink? Sam chuckled as he went to fetch her a 
drink. While waiting, she could feel some his sperm she hadnt been able to clean out, 
starting to leak out.

Daves Perspective

After this, Elizabeth settled into her role, usually taking at least one, often two customers 
per night. Sam elected to take his payment in services and also took a turn between her 
legs once a week. Between her good looks, and now enthusiastic efforts on the job, she 
proved to be quite popular and had many repeat customers (as often as their wages would 
allow). She developed a friendly, casual relationship with many of the bar regulars (both 
clients and others). While she was definitely sexy and alluring, she also teased and flirted 
with them as another bar regular. And the men talked about her and how hot she was.

Several months went by. She had gotten to know Karen, but had never really gotten close 
to her. However, one day a clearly upset Karen caught her off to the side and almost in 
tears, confided to Elizabeth that she thought she was pregnant  she had missed her 
period and was feeling nauseous in the morning. Elizabeth consoled her, while for the 
first time in quite a while wondering how long her own luck would hold. She cleaned 
herself carefully every night after work, but still she knew she was playing sperm 
roulette, that just one of the millions of sperm pumped into her every night had to find its 
way into her womb at the right time to get her pregnant. Karen continued working, but 
before long the men began to notice the tell-tale little bulge in her belly and began 
commenting on it. Shortly after that Karen disappeared, leaving Elizabeth as the only 
working girl in Sams bar.

Dave was a regular at the bar but had never been a customer of Elizabeth. He had gone 
behind the curtain a few times with Karen, but not often. He knew Elizabeth was a 
whore. Of course it was obvious by the way she dressed and acted with the men, but he 
had also often seen her find an eager customer and disappear behind the curtains. Usually 
the noise of the bar drowned out their activities, but sometimes the sounds of sex drifted 
out, either during a lull in the general hubbub of the bar, or because of an extra 
enthusiastic coupling: moans and gasps of pleasure, groans of orgasmic release, and even 
the occasional verbal declarations of lust. Dave would watch them come out from behind 
the curtain, knowing she now had the mans sperm planted deep in her pussy. The 
thought always turned him on.

When Elizabeth was around, she and the other men often teased him. Elizabeth might 
purr up next him like a cat, rubbing herself on him, Aw Dave. Why do you hold out on 
me? I could make you feel so good. Cant you image how good it would feel to be 
between my legs back there? Some of the other guys might chip in, She got that right! 
She is one hot piece. Other night, she drained me dry, thought she was going to turn me 
inside out she made me cum so hard! Normally Dave resisted the temptation. He had 
other things to spend his money on and he had a wife back home, although she didnt let 
him between her legs too often  she didnt want another kid. Of course, he did look at 
Elizabeth with no small degree of lust  she was enticing and he often got semi-hard just 
watching her, listening to her, and thinking about screwing her.

Finally, one day, Dave had had some good luck at work and earned some extra money 
and decided it was time to celebrate. He decided that a good session with Elizabeth would 
be a well earned treat and he rubbed his crotch thinking about her as he headed to the bar. 
This time when Elizabeth came by he surprised them all by accepting her offer, Alright. 
These guys say you are so good, and you do look hot, lets go!

Dave followed Elizabeth, watching her swinging her scantily clad butt in wanton 
invitation as she walked  a female in heat trying to attract a male to mate with her. Dave 
could feel his penis throb in anticipation as he watched her. As soon as they were behind 
the curtain, she turned and pressed her body to his, grinding her scantily clad crotch 
against his, pressing her full breasts into his chest, and locking her lips to his. His arms 
reached out and he felt the soft pliable flesh of her ass, kneading it, pulling her to him as 
they ground lewdly together, working each other up. He could feel his cock swelling in 
response to the stimulation she was giving him. Next he slid his hands up and she pulled 
back a bit so his hands could go to her breasts, squeezing them. Here, let me get this off 
she offered, and quickly removed her top, allowing her breasts to spring free. Daves 
hands were on them in a moment, massaging them, feeling the texture under his hands.

Now she pulled away and told him, Come on, get those clothes off so we can play. She 
stripped off her bottoms in one quick move so she was standing naked before him. He felt 
a tingling of anticipation in his balls as he looked at her luscious form: large succulent 
tits, curvaceous body, her pubic hair accentuating and at the time hiding her pussy, 
tempting him. As he hurriedly stripped off his clothes he was thinking that when she 
walked out from behind the curtain this time, it was going to be his sperm buried in her 
pussy, that he was soon going to be sliding his erection into her hairy nest.

Elizabeth dropped to her knees and lowered her mouth over his semi-hard dick. The feel 
of her warm wet mouth enveloping his manhood was exquisite and Dave moaned in 
pleasure as she bobbed her head on his rapidly swelling penis. Then he felt her fingers 
lightly scratching his hanging balls and he thrust forward, pushing his cock deeper into 
her throat, showing her how good she was making him feel. He looked down at her head 
bobbing up and down, sending sensations shooting through his groin. She looked up and 
their eyes met, and she smiled at him. He grinned back at her. This was great, but now he 
was hard, his erection pointing to the sky, and he wanted to spend as much time as 
possible in her pussy, so he gently pulled her up and motioning toward the straw, said, I 
want to fuck you now. Oh, you make me so hard!

As he watched, Elizabeth lay down, spreading her legs in invitation, the female ready for 
the male to mount her and inseminate her. She used one hand to rub her pussy in lewd 
invitation. Dave looked at her inviting naked body with lust, eager to bury himself in her 
and fuck until he blew his load in her waiting vagina. He crawled between her legs and 
lowered himself. She reached out and grabbing his hard cock guided the swollen head to 
the entrance to her pussy, wedging it between her lips. She thrust her hips up a bit to let 
him know she was ready. Dave did not hesitate. He started to push forward. He slid in, 
deeper and deeper until his pubic bone ground against hers. He wiggled his hips to make 
sure he was in all the way. His cock throbbed in her pussy, enjoying her intimate grip. 
Dave looked down at her, enjoying the sight of her breasts, her face, looking back up at 
him, both of them knew he was buried in her, about to fuck her, and shoot his seed in her. 
She whispered to him, Come on Dave. Fuck me with that big cock of yours. Let me feel 
it.

Dave withdrew his cock, feeling it slide back out until it was near the entrance, then 
sliding back in again until he felt his balls bounce on her ass. Ah, this was good! Now he 
got into a steady rhythm, fucking her. He let his hands grab her breasts, then slide down, 
grabbing her ass, pulling her tighter against his crotch. Oh baby! he whispered, Your 
hot pussy feels so good. His rhythm picked up and he was pounding hard into her. Then 
he felt her fingers on his balls, causing him to moan in delight. Oh come on! Fuck me 
hard! Dont stop. I want to feel you shooting in me! Elizabeth coaxed.

Now Dave felt his cock growing extra large and hard, swelling. And he felt the familiar 
feeling of his sperm gathering at the base of his cock, getting ready to shoot. He knew he 
was almost there, that his body wanted to pump his cum into this hot female to try and 
impregnate her. But he wanted the feeling to last. He tried to hold back as he continued 
fucking, but her body was too hot, too luscious. She was thrusting her hips at him, urging 
him to let go. Finally, he knew he had only a few more strokes until he flooded her. Ah! 
Im gonna cum! he managed to gasp. Then he felt the first incredible zip of his sperm 
shooting through his penis and into her body. Ah! Im cumming he moaned as he drove 
hard into her, burying his penis as deeply as possible in her. Now he felt his penis 
throbbing wildly, pulsing with jet after jet of his sperm as he emptied himself in her, 
coating her insides with his seed. Finally, the sensations began to ebb, the throbbing of 
his cock slowed, and he was left with a pleasant empty ache in his balls, indicating that 
he had emptied himself in this woman.

Elizabeth smiled up at him coyly and asked, Was it good? It sure felt like you came 
buckets in me. She rolled her hips a bit while Dave remained inside her, enjoying the last 
sensations. Finally, he pulled back, letting his now soft penis flop out of her. Looking 
down, her pussy was gaping open from the recent fuck, her pussy hair matted with their 
juices. They got dressed and headed out. Dave felt good, walking back to the table 
knowing that everyone would know Elizabeth had his sperm swimming in her womb.

Results

Months went by. Elizabeth continued her work and was able to save quite a bit against 
the inevitable day when her own belly would start to swell and she would have to take 
time off to bear the child and let her body recover.

However, luck only goes so far, and nature has stacked the deck in favor pro-creation. If 
a woman takes a mans sperm in her bare cunt, no matter how careful she is, sooner or 
later nature is going to have its day. Eventually the day came when Elizabeth realized she 
was overdue for her period. She was pretty regular, so there was not much chance that her 
body was just skipping a month or was in some other way off. And sure enough, within 
a few weeks she began to feel nauseous in the mornings. Well, there wasnt much for it. 
She continued to work, knowing that she already had a baby growing inside her, fathered 
by any one of several dozen men who had been between her legs shooting their seed into 
her in the appropriate time frame. Some of the men of course were regular customers, but 
every week there were also strangers who stopped in the bar and paid for her services.

As with Karen, eventually her belly began to swell visibly with the growing fruit of her 
unions, and the men began to notice and comment that she had at last caught. Once things 
got beyond reasonable denial, she faced up and one day, announced to the bar, while 
patting the bulge in her belly, Alright, which one of you studs did this to me? As you 
have all begun to notice, it appears one of you horny guys has finally knocked me up. 
And she rubbed her pussy to emphasize her words. As she looked around, she couldnt 
help envisioning many of them, groaning in pleasure between her legs as their throbbing 
penises convulsed in pleasure, shooting their sperm into her waiting pussy. With no way 
of knowing, she wondered which one of them had had the fortune to be the one whose 
seed got through and found her egg. Well she continued, since I already have a belly 
full, I guess I cant charge full price any more. From now on, until I get too big to work, 
Im reducing prices by 50% for anyone who wants to return to the scene of the crime.

She did indeed have many customers continue to avail themselves of her services. For her 
part, Elizabeth, proudly displayed her growing belly, reminding the men that she was 
indeed a fertile woman. Some men lost interest in her, knowing they had no chance of 
knocking her up at this time, but many of the men found her growing belly to be a turn-
on and continued to enjoy their sessions between her legs.

