Revenge short
by Revengedpirate

Zooey was happy. She had a beautiful boyfriend Mark, a best friend called Angie. Zooey was very popular too. But one day her happiness was to break.

It happened on Saturday 2nd November. There was a halloween fancy dress party at her friend Leslie’s house. Zooey loved dressing up and this year she could finally dress in a couples costume with her boyfriend Mark. Zooey decided to wear a Harley Quinn costume. She got Mark to wear the Joker. When they arrived at the party it was in full swing. Mark went to get some punch whilst Zooey chatted to her friend Leslie. Half hour later Mark still hadn’t returned.

Zooey decided to try and find him. She looked on the basement then every room on the first floor before heading upstairs.

The first two rooms she looked in where empty however in the third room she went in there was a couple making love on the bed. She was about to leave the room when she recognised the zombie dress on the floor which belonged to her bestie Angie. When she looked back at the bed it was Mark in his Joker costume going full pelt into Angie.

Zooey stood there in the doorway as Angie climaxed and started to scream. Zooey watched as Mark collapsed on top of her. Zooey felt betrayed and humiliated, she screamed at them.

“What on earth.” Screamed Zooey.

Both Mark and Angie looked round to see Zooey storm out of the room. Mark quickly got up and dressed before chasing after Zooey. He caught up with her in the middle of the crowded room. He ran over to her and grabbed at her arm. She pulled free and tried to walk towards the door.

Mark quickly grabbed her by the shorts of her costume. The belt broke and her shorts fell down to her ankles. She was now standing in just her tights. She hadn’t worn knickers underneath. Her bum and vagina were covered by the fish net tights but nothing else. Zooey moved her hands down to cover. Just as Angie crossed the room to join the pair of them. Angie was laughing at the site of Zooey who was struggling to hide her modesty.

“Here let me give you a hand.” Said Angie

Angie grabbed at Zooey’s T shirt and pulled it till it ripped clean off. Zooey was stood in her jacket and tights. She hadn’t worn any underwear and a few people had now gathered. Zooey was mortified as Angie grabbed her arms and pulled them both tight behind her back.

Mark laughed and pulled Zooey’s tights down. Zooey didn’t shave and everyone was laughing at her.

“Hey everyone look at the naked girl.” Shouted Angie making sure everyone at the party saw.

Zooey was bright red and struggled to get free. After everyone saw, Angie finally let Zooey go. Zooey pulled her shorts up , pulled her jacket to so her breasts were covered and ran from the house totally humiliated.

On Monday morning when Zooey was back in school, everyone made fun of her. They laughed at her breasts and hairy vagina. Zooey wished people would forget. On Monday afternoon Zooey had enough of being made fun of. Zooey knew she had to get Angie and Mark back, for how they had humiliated her.

A few weeks had passed and Zooey had got herself a new boyfriend. He was kind caring and gentle. Leslie had become her new best friend. Zooey conspired with her new friends to get Revenge on Angie and Mark.

Zooey happened to find out that Angie and Mark were planning a date to the theme park. Zooey, Leslie, Tania, and Andrew went along. Andrew is Zooey’s boyfriend. Tania is Leslies sister.

They saw the pair get on several rides until the pair got onto death plunge. It was a boat ride that went way into the air then plunged quickly getting the occupants soaked. Angie and Mark didn’t know Tania. Tania followed the couple up the stairs, and quickly stole the couples waterproof coats. Angie and Mark had no choice but to get on the ride without.

Once the pair got off the ride they were both soaked through. Mark went into the men’s toilets. He quickly stripped naked. He went into a cubicle to go to toilet before drying his clothes. He left them on the side of the sink as he went to toilet. Andrew followed him in and stole all of his clothes. When he came out of the cubicle he was top to toe naked.

Suddenly there were a few other boys from Henry W Grady high-school walking into the toilets. He had no time to hide the boys saw him. Mark quickly covered his small penis with his hands. The boys started laughing at him.

“Look at little Willy.” Said one of the boys.

“I think he wants to show off.” Said another.

“Well let’s help him show off.” Said a third.

The boys grabbed Mark and carried him back out into the theme park. There were four boys so they each held him by his arms and legs. They spread him eagled. His little penis was now on display for the world. Everyone was laughing and taking pictures.

Meanwhile Zooey had followed Angie to the girls bathroom. Angie had stripped her dress off and hung it over the cubicle door. Zooey snatched the dress


Angie couldn’t believe someone had taken her dress, she was left in just her Lacy pink underwear frilly pink socks and sneakers. She opened her cubicle door and looked for the thief. Zooey had already disposed of the dress in a trash can outside. Zooey had then returned to the bathroom with Leslie and Tania. They grabbed Angie.

“Hmm let’s remove her bra.” Said Zooey.

“No please Zooey I’m sorry.” Squealed Angie.

Zooey unclasped the bra, and her chicken fillets fell to the floor. The girls burst into laughter.

“Where’s your breasts gone little Angie babie?” Asked Zooey.

In just her panties trainers and socks they escorted Angie around the whole theme park. Laughter followed them and everyone took pictures. In the middle of the theme park was a pair of old stocks. They forced the topless girl into them. Angie’s arms were spread and she couldn’t cover herself. Zooey walked around the back of Angie.

“Hello everyone gather round. This bitch stole my boyfriend and she stripped me naked in a room full of my piers. Now it’s time for her punishment.” Shouted Zooey.

Zooey yanked Angies panties to the floor before removing them and her trainers and socks. Zooey then spread Angies ankles apart. Everyone could see Angies bald pussy. It was clear the girl hadn’t started puberty yet even though she was 16.

Zooey hadn’t finished she started spanking Angies naked bum till it was bright red and Angie was crying in humiliation and embarrassment.

“Stop spanking me. I’m not a little girl.” Wailed Angie.

Everyone just laughed as some of the crowd started to film Angies humiliation.
