Little Slut Nicci
by nghty_lil_grl

I was so anxious for Daddy to come pick me up cause I was getting to spend the whole summer with him far away from my strict, controlling mother. I was gonna have the best summer, and hopefully lose my virginity to boot. My best-friend Amy had just lost her's to an older that lives in her neighborhood, and she told me every juicy detail which made me want to lose mine very badly. I had given in to the desire with my mother's boyfriend last night but he wouldn't let me do anything but suck his cock until he came in my mouth. He promised if I was still a virgin on my 13th birthday ~ a few months away ~ he would fuck me then. When I went back to my room I ended up rubbing my bald pussy through several orgasms before finally falling asleep.

Daddy called, and said he'd be there in about 15 minutes. I took my bags out to the curb, and sat on one while waiting, and when Mr. Thompson from down the street stopped to ask me if I was running away with a laugh, I told him about going to spend the summer with my father as I noticed his eyes dropping down between my legs. The sundress I wore was kinda short, and with my legs uncrossed I wondered if he could see my white panties. Just after he told me to have fun, and drove off Daddy pulled up, and I was at the driver's door of his car before he shut it off. When he was out of the car I lept into his arms for a hug as I had not seen him since christmas time. After we parted we loaded my bags into the trunk of his car, and I was certain he was peeking down the front of my dress whenever I was bent over, and since I was not wearing a bra ~ not that my small breasts needed one ~ the thought of him seeing my breasts made me tingle between my legs. After my bags were loaded up we got in, and off we went for the long drive to his house.
As we were cruising down the interstate I would lean over to find a good song on the radio, and to let Daddy get more peeks down my dress which made the tingles between my legs even worse. 

By lunchtime we were both famished so we stopped at a truck-stop to eat. As we sat at our booth I noticed a truck-driver kept stealing glances my way ~ or up my dress should I say. I casually let my legs fall open, and when he looked again knowing he was now looking at my panties made my pussy quiver something fierce. Then I got a naughty idea, and excused myself to use the bathroom. My hands were trembling as I pulled off my panties, and threw them away as I exited the bathroom. When I sat back down the guy was still there, and I smiled at him. The first time he looked my way once I was seated I again casually let my legs fall open, and when he saw my naked pussy he had a look of shock on his face which made me excited. Feeling even naughtier now ~ I had my hand under the table resting on my thigh, and when he looked my way again I slid it up under my dress to touch my pussy. I couldn't believe how exciting it was to touch my pussy with a strange guy watching, and in front of my unsuspecting father to boot. When we were done eating Daddy paid the bill, and as we left I smiled at the guy whom I had been teasing the whole time.

"So did you have fun sweetie," Daddy asked as we were once again cruising down the interstate with me adjusting the radio.
"What do you mean Daddy," I asked innocently as I looked over at him.
"Did you have fun teasing that poor truck-driver while we ate," he then asked as he put his right hand on my neck, and caressed it lovingly.
"You knew," was all I asked as I loved the feel of his hand caressing my neck.
"Did it make your pussy wet to show it to a complete stranger," Daddy then asked as he moved his hand from my neck to my left breast.
"Yes Daddy ~ it did," I moaned softly as he quickly made my nipple stiff by pinching it softly.
"Show me your pussy sweetie," he said as he slid the strap of my sundress off my shoulder, and pulled it down to expose my small, perky breast as I pulled the hem of my dress up to expose my pussy.
"OH Daddy," I moaned softly as I couldn't resist the urge to touch my pussy, and make myself orgasm while he watched.
"Do it sweetie ~ I wanna watch you cum," he said as he continued to tease my stiff nipple by pinching it ~ twisting it ~ or pulling on it making me even hotter to get off.
I knew I should stop, and cover up as we pulled along side of an 18-wheeler but the thought of the driver seeing me rub my pussy as Daddy played with my breast was too much. When we pulled so the driver could see down into our car Daddy slowed down a little so as to match the speed of the truck. I looked up, and when I saw the stunned look on the driver's face it sent me right over the edge into the most intense orgasm I had ever experienced. Once my orgasm subsided Daddy sped up leaving the truck behind us as I sat their catching my breath. Once I had some composure back Daddy pulled my hand into his lap, and I began to rub his hard cock through his pants. It felt a lot bigger than my mother's boyfriend's, and I just had to set it free so I could se it. Daddy just sat back, and let me satisfy my curiosity as I freed his cock.
"Wow Daddy ~ it's SOOO big," I exclaimed once I had it free, and in my dinty hand.
Without even thinking I leaned over, and began to lick it from top to bottom causing him to groan. When I took the head of it in my mouth, and worked it down until I felt it at the back of my throat he put his hand on the back of my head.
"That's it you naughty little slut ~ suck your Daddy's big cock," he groaned as I began to work my mouth up, and down his throbbing shaft.
With every down-thrust Daddy would push on the back of my head forcing me to take his cock down my throat. I was gagging on his cock, my eyes were watering, and so much saliva was now coating his cock as I worked hard to please him.
"OH BABY ~ GONNA CUM," Daddy cried out as I felt his cock swell in my mouth
I pulled my mouth back until only the head remained between my lips as he began to shoot his hot, gooey cum. I tried to swallow all he gave me but he had to much to give, and it was soon running out the corners of my mouth. Once he was done I pulled my mouth away, and used a finger to wipe the cum that escaped my lips back into my mouth.
"Damn sweetie you are one great cocksucker," Daddy said making me feel extra special.
After I had reclaimed all of Daddy's cum from my lips I laid down with my head in his lap as he slid a hand down between my legs, and began to play with my pussy. I pulled the top of my dress down, and played with my breasts only stopping with one had to wave at the truckers we passed. Daddy gave me quite a few orgasms before we stopped for dinner at another truck-stop. This time I had two trucker's attention as I again put a hand under the table, and played with my pussy. By the time we were done eating I had made myself orgasm with Daddy's urging. When we got back to the car he said he was too tired to drive the rest of the way, and that we would get a room for the night.

Once in our room Daddy took a quick shower as I watched TV. When he was done I took one then walked out of the bathroom naked. Daddy was laying on the bed also naked ~ his cock limp, and lyinh on his thigh. I climbed on the bed beside him, and on my knees bent forward, picked his cock oof his thigh, and quickly engulfed it in my mouth. He groaned as I sucked hard wanting to feel it harden in my mouth. Within just a few minutes it was rock-hard, and I was again taking deep into my throat. When my mouth grew tired, and sore from sucking his big cock I moved over top of him, and trapped it between his belly, and my overheated pussy. He reached up, and began to play with my breasts as I began to slide forward, and back along his throbbing shaft.
"Such a naughty little slut you are," he said as I pulled my long blonde hair up on my head with my hands, and continued to slide along his pole.
After a small orgasm I released my hair then raised myself up, and as Daddy held his cock upright I lowered myself until I felt the head of it against my pussy. I knew having my cherry busted involved some pain but as Amy had told me once the pain goes away the feelings are overwhelming, and it only happens the first time. I began to slowly lower myself onto my father's cock loving the way the head of it was stretching my swollen pussy lips. With my hands on his chest I began to rock up, and down working more of his cock up my pussy until the head was bumping my hymen. 
"OOOOH DADDY," I cried out when his cock broke through my hymen, and sank halfway down his throbbing shaft.
"Your pussy feels soooooo good sweetie," he groaned when I began to slowly rise, and lower myself taking his cock deeper on every downward move.
"Your big cock feels soooooo good Daddy," I moaned out when I had taken his entire cock up my pussy, and I switched from rising up, and down to grinding my hips forward, and backwards loving the way my throbbing clit rubbed against him.
"That's it you naughty little slut ~ ride your Daddy's big cock," he groaned as he reached up, and twisted my stiff nipples in his fingers causing me even greater pleasure.
"OOOH DADDY ~ GONNAAAAA CUMMMMM," I cried out as I moved faster against him while he contiued to tease my nipples.
"Cum for Daddy," he groaned as I collapsed against him, and my whole body began to quiver as the most intense orgasm I had had swept over me.
When my orgasm subsided I rolled off him onto my back beside him figuring that we were done. But Daddy had more in mind as he moved over on top of me then kissed first one nipple then the other before kissing his way down between my legs. He used his hands to spread my legs wide open, and then he kissed my still throbbing clit causing me to moan, and my body to quiver. With his hands still holding my legs spread wide he then ran his tongue up through my swollen pussy lips then captured my clit in his mouth. I began to caress my breasts as Daddy sucked my clit for a minute then ran his tongue back down to my pussy, and began to fuck me with it. My hips lifted off the bed, and began to gyrate as my first pussy licking drove me to yet another orgasm. When I opened my eyes again Daddy was over top of me, and then I felt him slowly slide his throbbing cock deep in my pussy.
"Yesssss Daddyyyyyy ~ fuck meeeeeee," I moaned as he began to slowly fuck me, and I thrust my pussy up to meet his every pleasurable thrust.
"Your pussy feeels soooo good sweetie," he growled as he began to fuck me faster, and I hung onto him enjoying it immensely.
Just as I felt yet another orgasm well up inside me Daddy pulled his cock from my pussy, and then he was shooting his cum all over me covering me from face to pussy !


Nicci gets used by a stranger
 
When I woke up the next morning I was alone in bed, and I heard the shower running. I groggily climbed out of bed, and went to the bathroom where I saw Daddy showering. A shower sure would be nice I thought to myself as I climbed in with him.
"Mornin' sweetie," Daddy said as I brushed past him to stand under the hot spray of water.
"Mornin'" I grumbled as I pushed my now wet hair back off my face as I enjoyed the sight of my father naked, and wet.
"Get down, and suck my cock like the naughty little slut you are," Daddy commanded making me quiver excitedly.
I was quickly down on my knees taking his half hard cock in my mouth as I looked up at him looking down at me. 
"Are you gonna be a good slut, and do whatever I want," he asked as he put a hand on my head, and began to fuck my mouth.
I could only nod my head yes with my mouth full of now hard cock.
"Do you want to be fucked now," he then asked as he pulled his cock from my mouth, and lightly spanked my cheek with it.
"Please Daddy ~ fuck me," I begged wanting sooooo badly to feel his big cock pounding deep in my pussy again.
Daddy pulled me up then hooked his arms under my knees picking me right up. With my arms around his neck he pushed me against the shower wall so the water hit us from the side, and worked his cock in my eager pussy. He had a hold of my ass as he began to fuck me with long powerful strokes as I just enjoyed the fuck.
"Your big cock ..... feels sooooo good Daddy," I cried out as he thrust harder, and faster in my pussy.
Then I felt his fingertip on my asshole, and as he let it slide in I went out of my mind, and was thrashing wildly in his arms, and on his cock. I didn't even have time to announce I was cumming as my orgasm tore through me like a run away train.
"OHHHH DADDY ~ I wanna feel you cum inside me ~ PLEASE," I cried out as he continued to fuck me through my orgasm.
"I'm gonna cum sweetie," he groaned as I felt his cock swell then throb with every powerful squirt of his cum.
When he was done shooting my pussy full of cum he released my legs, and somehow I managed to stand on my own. We finished our shower then got dressed for the rest of the drive to his house. I chose my jean shorts that hug my sexy, little ass, and a tank top that was a little too small but outlined my perky breasts nicely. Daddy whistled his approval of my outfit making me feel even sexier than I felt.

"Are you still gonna be a good slut, and do whatever I want," Daddy asked once we were on the road again.
"Yes Daddy I will be a very good slut, and do whatever you want," I purred in his ear as I began to free his half-hard cock from his pants.
"This is gonna be such a great summer ~ now suck my cock like a good slut," he said as he pulled my head into his lap forcing me to suck his cock into my mouth.
I could only moan around his cock as Daddy wrapped his hand in my hair, and guided my head up, and down his now throbbing shaft. The thought of every trucker we passed being able to see my head in my Daddy's lap sucking his cock had my pussy quivering excitedly so I raised up onto my knees so my ass was in the passenger's window giving them a wonderful view of my ass.
"I can't till we get home ~ I need to fuck you now slut," he groaned as he released my hair then smacked my upturned ass.
I squeeled, and squirmed from having my ass spanked, and I was now very anxious to feel his big, hard cock pounding deep in my pussy. When I felt the car slowing down I lifted my head from his lap to see that we were pulling into a rest area, and knowing that in a few short minutes I'd have my pussy full of my Daddy's cock had my pussy on fire. We parked at the far end, and figuring we were going to fuck right there in the car I was about to climb into his lap when he told me to get out. As I got out I saw one truck-driver watching with interest as we met at the front of the car then I was lead away to the woods. We went into the woods on a foot path, and a only a few short feet into the woods there was a picnic table. 
"Take off your shorts," was all Daddy said as he put the blanket he got out of the car on the end of the table.
When I had stepped out of my shorts I went into Daddy's arms, and after a tongue-wrestling kiss he spun me around to face away from him. With a hand between my shoulder blades he pushed me forward, and I put my hands on my knees to brace myself. With one hand on my hip he pulled me back as his other hand guided his throbbing cock to my wet pussy.
"OOOH YESSSS DADDY," I moaned out as his cock stretched my pussy, and I sowly took inch after inch inside me.
When I began to rock forward, and back fucking myself on my Daddy's cock I went to look back to see the look of pure pleasure I knew was on his face when I spotted the truck-driver I had seen when I got out of the car leaning on a tree watching us fuck. Being watched only spurred me to fuck Daddy with more enthusiasm as I watched the guy watching us.
"I bet he would love to feel your mouth on his cock," Daddy said as he slid his hands up the front of me dragging my tank-top to expose my breasts to the stranger.
"OOOH YESSS DADDY," I moaned out at the thought of sucking the guy's cock as Daddy fucked me.
It was a great fantasy that had me highly aroused but when the guy started walking towards us freeing his cock as he did I knew it was about to become a reality. When the guy was standing before me Daddy slid a hand to my back, and pushed until I was accepting the stranger's cock in my mouth.
"That's it ~ suck his cock like the naughty little you are," Daddy grunted as he held my hips tight, and began to move me faster, and harder on his cock.
The guy just stood there with his hands on his hips as Daddy rocked my body from his cock to the stranger's which turned me on to no end as I moaned around the stranger's cock. Just as my orgasm began to sweep over me the stranger grunted then was filling my mouth with his gooey cum. A second later Daddy held his cock buried in my pussy as he shot his cum deep inside me. When the stranger had emptied his balls down my throat he simply pulled his cock out of my mouth, and began to tuck it away as he turned to leave.
"Oh baby that was sooooo hot," Daddy said as he pulled me up so I was now leaning back against him.
"Was I a good slut Daddy," I purred as I recovered from my mind-bending orgasm.
"Yes baby ~ a very good slut you were," Daddy told me.


nicci meets the nieghbor
 
After the rest area we finally made it home, and Daddy told me to get a shower while he got my bags from the car. I was hoping he'd join me in the shower but I finished my shower alone, and extremely horny. After I dried off I left the bathroom naked to find Daddy in his room going through my bags. When he saw me he told me that he would have to take me shopping for new clothes. When he came across my swimsuit ~ a one piece I had from the previous summer ~ he handed it to me, and told me to put it on. I knew it was a little small for me but it was the only suit I had. 
"Wow you look sexy," Daddy told me once I had the suit on, and did a complete turn making me glad I had packed it instead of donating it to Goodwill.
"This old thing," I said jokingly as the way Daddy was looking at me got my pussy wet, and throbbing for his big cock.
"I love the way it molds to your body, especially this sweet pussy of yours," he said as he moved in front of me, and rubbed my pussy through the suit.
"OOOOOOOOH Daddy," I moaned out as I held onto his shoulders enjoying the pleasure Daddy was giving me.
"Oh baby your pussy is soooooo hot," he said as he turned me so I was sideways to him, and as he rubbed my pussy with one hand his other was caressing my ass.
"I'm horny from you making me suck that guy's cock earlier," I panted as I began to tease my nipples through my suit. 
"You looked like such a slut sucking his cock as you fucked me," he said as I felt the bottom of my suit slid to the side, and Daddy's fingers on my naked pussy.
"I felt like such a naughty slut," I moaned out as I felt Daddy's finger slip over my asshole, and into my wet pussy.
"You definitely were a very naughty slut," he said as he began to finger-fuck me while rubbing my throbbing clit with the other hand.
"I'm glad you enjoyed it cause you're gonna be a very naughty slut all summer," he groaned as he slipped his finger from my pussy then drove right up my tight ass.
"YESSSSSSSSSS DADDYYYYYYYYY," I cried out as the orgasm that had been building just swept over me causing my whole body to tremble.
"I love watching my little girl cum," Daddy said after my orgasm subsided, and he pulled his fingers from my pussy, and ass.
"I love when you make me cumm Daddy ~ but now I want to make you cum too," I purred as I dropped to my knees, and basicly ripped his pants off to get to his hard cock.
I engulfed Daddy's cock with my hungry mouth, and grabbed his ass as I began to deep-throat his big hard cock.
"Such a good little cock sucking slut you are," he groaned as he put a hand on my head, and guided my mouth faster, and deeper on his throbbing shaft.
I could only grunt as Daddy fucked my throat, and I slipped a hand to my pussy driving two fingers deep inside.
"OOOOOOOH BABY ~ GONNA CUMMMMM," Daddy groaned as he pulled his cock from my tightly suctioned mouth, and shot his gooey cum all over my face.
Once he was done covering my face with cum I took his cock back in my mouth, and sucked until he went limp. Then he pulled me to my feet and told me to clean up, and suggested we go for a swim. After I got cleaned up I went out to the pool to find Daddy lying on a raft drifting lazily around the pool. I dove in, and when I resurfaced I tipped him off the raft, and before he resurfaced I had climbed on the raft.
"That wasn't very nice," Daddy said as he stood beside the raft while his eyes roamed freely over my body.
"But it was sooo much fun," I giggled as I let my hands roam over my body.
"If you didn't look sooooooo sexy I'd punish you for that," Daddy told me as he watched my hand rub my pussy through my suit.
"And just how would you punish me Daddy," I asked as I used my free hand to rub his half hard cock thru his trunks.
"I'd spank that very sexy little ass of yours," he told me as he traced my stiff nipple causing it to stiffen even more.
"I bet that guy next door watching would love to see you spanking my naughty ass," I told him as I slid my hand in the leghole of his trunks to stroke his cock.
"Maybe we should get out so I can spank that naughty little ass," he told me just before he tipped me off the raft into the water.
By the time I resufaced Daddy was already out of the pool, and about to sit on a lounger. As I got out his eyes were riveted to my wet body making me tingle all over.
"Man you look sooo incredibly sexy in that suit sweetie," he told me as I walked right up to him so my pussy was eye level with him.
"Do I look slutty too Daddy," I asked as I pulled my suit to the side, and slid a finger along my swollen pussy lips.
"Yes ....... very slutty," he said as he spun me around then smacked my ass causing me to wince but it also sent a shock straight to my engorged clit.
"OOOOH DADDY ~ he's stroking his cock," I moaned out as Daddy smothered his face in my ass, and replaced my finger with his rubbing my wet pussy as my eyes never left the nieghbor.
"You wanna fuck him ~ don't you you horny little slut," Daddy asked as he once again spanked my ass at the same time he drove a finger up my pussy causing me to moan out loudly hoping the neighbor guy heard me.
"I want you to watch ... as I ride his ... big cock Daddy," I moaned out as I began to ride up, and down on Daddy's finger as I squeezed my breasts.
I was sorely disappointed when he left the window as I really wanted him to watch me cum on my Daddy's finger so I just closed my eyes, and enjoyed being finger-fucked as Daddy would spank my ass. After I achieved a minor but splendid orgasm I opened my eyes, and was surprised to see the guy from the window standing in front of me stroking his big cock.
"You want some cock slut," the guy said as he moved his hand between my legs to replace my father's.
"Yesssssssssss please," I moaned out as he buried a finger up my pussy, and I had to hold onto his broad shoulders to keep from falling over.
"You're right Paul ~ she is a very sexy little slut, and so horny too" he told my father as he began to finger-fuck me towards yet another orgasm.
"She is extremely horny for a good fuck," Daddy said as he got off the lounger, and sat in a chair to watch his litle girl get fucked silly by his neighbor.
"Lay down slut so I can taste this sweet pussy of your's," he told me as he pulled his finger from my pussy, and I basicly collapsed onto my back with my legs spread wide for him.
He moved between my wide spread legs, and ran just the tip of his tongue ever so lightly up the length of my swollen pussy lips.
"OOOOOOH YESSSSSSSS," I moaned out as I clutched his hair in my hands, and began to hump wildly on his tongue.
Watching his slutty daughter had his cock throbbing hard, and when he stood beside me I happily sucked it into my mouth moaning around it as his neighbor captured my engorged clit in his lips, and sucked it as his tongue flicked over it. I was in sexual pleasure overload as one man I didn't even know ate my pussy while my father was now fucking my mouth.
"I think she wants fucked now Bill," Daddy grunted as he pulled his cock from my mouth.
"PLEASE BILL ~ FUCKKKKK MEEEEEEEE," I moaned out loudly as Bill drove his tongue up my pussy.
As Bill climbed over top of me I knew I was in for a great fuck as I could see the desire to fuck me silly in his eyes. I reached down between my wide spread legs, and wrapped my dainty hand around his throbbing shaft to guide it in my wanton pussy. After running the head of his cock up, and down my wet pussy a few times I positioned it at the hungry hole, and he began to work it in going deeper with every thrust.
"OH Baby you're soooooooo tight," he groaned when he had his cock buried to the root inside me, and held still enjoying the milking contractions of my pussy.
"OOOOOOOH FUUUUUUUUUCK," I cried out as he withdrew his cock to the head then drove it back deep inside me, and held it there.
"You like my big cock ~ don't you slut," he growled as I began to hump my ass up, and down fucking myself with his cock.
"YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS," I moaned out as the friction of my throbbing clit rubbing against his stomach quickly had me falling over the edge into orgasmic bliss.
"Man you are soooo sexy when you cum," he said as he easily picked me up in arms ~ his cock still deeply embedded in my pussy, and sat down on the lounger with me on top.
"His cock is soooo big Daddy," I panted as I began to slowly ride up, and down Bill's cock as he pulled the straps of my suit down exposing my small breasts. 
"That's it sweetie ~ fuck him like a good slut," Daddy said as he got out of his chair, and moved up beside me.
I was hoping he'd give me his cock to suck but he reached down, and began to caress my ass as I rode Bill's cock a little faster.
"OOOOOOOOOOH YESSSSSSSSSSSS," I cried out when Daddy slid a finger up my ass, and I began to gyrate madly on Bill's cock as he fondled my breasts.
"You like that don't you slut," Bill said as he slid his hands to my waist, and began to pump his cock up in my pussy.
"YESSSSSSSS ~ FUCKKKKKKKK MEEEEEEEE," I cried out as I was overwhelmed with the pleasure these two were giving me.
"I wanna cum all over that pretty face of your's," Bill groaned so I quickly scooted back, and as I took Bill's throbbing shaft in my mouth Daddy slammed his cock up my pussy.
As Daddy pounded my pussy deep, and hard Bill flooded my mouth with what seemed like a gallon of gooey cum so just to be slutty I let it drip down from the corners of my mouth as I kept sucking avidly. I did such a good job sucking Bill's cock that it never went soft, and I wanted it stuffing my pussy once again.
"I want you ... to fuck my ... ass as I ride ... his cock Daddy," I panted to my father as I moved back over top of Bill's cock, and sank down on it again.
"Relax baby," Bill told me as he pulled me down against him, and I felt the head of Daddy's cock nudge against my asshole.
"OOOOOOOH DADDYYYYYYYYYY," I cried out when the head of his cock slipped past the tight ring of my asshole.
"FUCK BABY ~ SOOOOOO TIGHT," Daddy groaned as he began to work his cock deeper in my ass.
"Feels sooooooooo gooooood Daddy ~ fuck my ass," I moaned out as I began to gyrate on the two cocks buried inside me.
"This little slut loves to be stuffed full of hard cock," Bill groaned as he loved the feel of my pussy tightend up by the cock in my ass.
"FUUUUUUUUUUCK MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE," I cried out as the two guys began to fuck my pussy, and ass sending me quickly towards another orgasm.
"OOOOH FUCKKKK ~ GONNA CUMMMM," Daddy groaned as I felt his cock swell inside my ass, and I could feel his cock throb with every squirt of cum he injected deep in my ass.
After Daddy was spent Bill had me get down on my hands, and knees where he proceeded to fuck my cum soaked ass until he too deposited his cum deep inside me. All three of us were wiped out, and as we laid around in sexual exhaustion they discussed my future as a slut, and I got aroused just hearing about it.



