The Game Missy Plays 3 Missy comes around 

Mg, tease, mast, cons

By JimBob 
Copyright 2010

Missy comes to see Jim, with a definate agenda in mind.  Who 
says little girls aren't sexy?


  I hear the rattle and the slap of the tires on the slight rise
into my driveway, so I slide my stool back from the workbench,
and crane my neck to see past the door frame that blocks my view.
 It is Missy, and I shudder as I watch her drop the bike onto
it's side and take the two quick steps in the controlled crash
that is her usual dismount.  She makes it through without harm
again, and she gives me her bright smile as she comes into the
garage to stand close beside me.

  "Hi Missy."  I return her smile.

  "Hi Jim, whatcha doing'?" She asks as she leans against my work
bench very close to me, eying the pile of screws and parts in
front of me.

  "I'm trying to fix this timer.  Something is slipping in the
gears, and it won't turn the pump on anymore."  I can smell her
sweat and shampoo and soap and some dryer sheet perfume from her
little sun dress.  I slip an arm around her and pull her to my
hip and side in a quick hug.  She does not back away when I
release her.  "Thirsty?"  I ask, seeing the sheen of perspiration
on her face.

  "Yep."

  "Cherry Kool Aid okay?"

  "Sure!"

  "Coming right up."  She backs away just a little to give me
room to rise and I see her perch on the stool and finger the
parts as I go around into the kitchen.  I fill two glasses with
ice and Kool Aid and a paper plate with a handful of homemade
cookies. She moves back so I can slide back onto my stool.


  "Here ya go."  As I sit, she moves right up against me and the
bench again.  I can't help my self, I have to cup her small waist
and pull her to me in another quick hug.  Such a sweet little
girl.  I relax my arm, but I let my hand linger on her waist and
hip as she sips her drink and bites into her cookie.  The small,
delicate body is so warm and alive under my hand.  With my thumb
on the waist band of her sun dress skirt, I can feel the leg band
of her matching bloomers through the light dress material with my
little finger. I rub over it gently as I hold her.  She leans
into me a little more.  A feeling of something I should do or
something that I missed comes over me, I can not pin it down in
my mind.  I check the timer pieces over, are they all there? What
is it?

  "Good cookies," she says, on her second one.

  I nod.  "Want the last one?" I ask.  "I'm still full from
lunch."  With my left hand, I poke around in the timer parts.

  "Sure.  I like this kind."  She turns her head and gives me a
quick peck on the cheek.  "Thanks, Jim."

  'You're welcome."  I pull her close again and let my hand roam
lightly over her hip and onto her bare belly between her skirt
and her skimpy bra top.  She takes the belly rubbing in stride,
it is a thing I have with small girls, I feel compelled to rub
bare little tummies that are within reach.  Missy is used to it.

  After a bit of rubbing, in a quiet little voice, "Jim?"

  "Mmmmm hmmm?"  My mind and right hand are busy.

  "Remember our game?"

  "Which one?"  I know very well which one.

  "Um..." A long pause and then a small voice, "up and down?"

  "Oh, yeah.  That is a fun game, huh?"

  "Uh huh...  Ah...  Can we play it again?"

  "Sure.  Hey, your sun dress is just like your bathing suit, two
piece."  I try not to let on how much her request delights and
excites me.  She is showing me she enjoys what I did and she
wants more.

  "Yeah, it will work good, see!"  She pulls the waist band out
to show the elastic is stretch enough for "the game."

  I have a quick glimpse down inside skirt and bloomer as she
pulls both elastic bands out and away from her waist.  The little
round tummy with white flesh below the tan line slopes down to
where her mound is barely visible, and then the bands snap back
against her waist.  I turn slightly and I turn her slightly so my
right hand is flat on her stomach.  I begin to rub lightly in
small circles around her belly button.  "Up or down?"  I whisper
into her ear.

  "Up!"  with a wicked little giggle and hip wiggle.

  "Up."  I repeat and slowly move my fingers up over her rib cage
and under the loosely knotted top and over the tiny nipples,
caressing them on the flat planes of her chest.  No, not even the
slightest swell of softer breast tissue as yet.  I tweak the
nipples with thumbs and fingers and they stiffen and harden.  Her
body tenses and relaxes as my fingers work to find responsive
flesh.  She moves her body away and giggles as my fingers wander
too near a ticklish armpit.

  "Stop that... Down!"

  "Down we go!"  My right hand traces small circles down the
small chest, over the belly and around the slightly outie belly
button, and my left hand comes down from her shoulder to grasp
the elastic of the skirt, and ease my right hand on it's downward
course.  I stay outside of the bloomer band as this first pass is
to be a teasing pass.

  "Ummm!"  She wriggles her hips as I cross her lower belly curve
with my circling palm.

  "You are so soft, so warm!"  My fingers cross the first rise of
her mound and find the lips and cleft below, warmer than her
stomach and chest, even through the thin cloth of the bloomers.
"Nice."  I murmur in her ear.

  "Ummm!"  She repeats.  She backs her firm little rear globes
against my leg as my fingers rub the cloth over the sensitive
surface of her clit.  "OOH! That tickles!"  She giggles the
higher pitched giggle that they do with my hand at their private
place.

  "I know.  How is this?"  I rub over it more firmly and feel her
move back and then thrust her hips slightly forward as she shifts
her legs so her clit protrudes slightly.  "Like that?"  Is my
question about opinion or direction?  I don't know.

  "Um hum."  Her murmur and body language answer both questions.

  Now I have a problem.  According to game rules, once I go in
one direction, I cannot change or back up until she tells me to
change.  Now I want to feel smooth pussy flesh under my
fingertips but the tight leg bands of the bloomers and the
bloused out material keep my fingers away from the flesh I long
to touch.  Missy knows what I want and what she wants, but she
likes to tease me.  Well, I know a way, back to the tickles. I
run light finger tips back between her inner thighs and over the
crotch material to the small area we called "taint" when I was a
teenager.  The ticklish perineum.  " Taint pussy and taint ass
hole" was the phrase we used to describe it.  I know that
particular spot is very ticklish on Missy.  For you Northeners,
taint is a Southern conraction of it aint.

  "Jim!  Stop that...  Up!  UP!"  She brings thighs together
tightly and bends forward, trapping my hand high up between her
thighs.

  "Turn loose of my hand, babe.  I won't tickle any more, I
promise."

  "You better not!  You cheat."

  "I know."  As she relaxes I move my hand out from under her
skirt and back over her belly.  I kiss her ear and the nape of
her neck as she settles back into me.  She ducks away and
giggles.  As she is distracted, I slip my hand back down under
the waist bands, both of them.  By the time she realizes where I
am headed, my fingertips are rolling her little love bump around
in her slit.

  "Hey!  I said up!  You went back down."

  "I know, I cheated...  Want me to take it back out?"  Fore
finger and ring finger spread their respective little lips apart
and middle finger strokes the hard little kernel under her
clitoral hood.  I know exactly what she likes.

  "Um, nuh, noooo!"   Lots of involuntary body movements now, as
she adjusts legs and pelvic muscles to open herself up to my
questing fingers.

  She is kind of dry.  Barely into her eighth year, she enjoys
the tingles, and the excitement of the forbidden game, but there
is no sexual arousal to start the lubrication process as yet. 
But she is coming along just fine, and in time the juices will
flow. For now, though...  "Hold on a sec."  I pull out my right
hand and bring it to my face.  Time for a quick sniff and taste
of her girl scent and flavor, and then my three fingers carry a
generous dollop of saliva back into her secret place.  I smear it
up the cleft in her vulva from the start between her thighs to
the clitoris at almost the top of her cleft.

  "What's that?"  This is a first for her.  Not sure she likes
it.

  "Saliva, spit.  Makes it slippery down there.  So I won't get
you sore like Bobby did."  I bring my fingers out for a second
load and hold them below her lips first.  "Spit!"  I command, and
she manages a small wad.  I compliment it with another bit from
my lips, and apply the second handful into her slit.  As I smear
it in with my forefinger, I am able to work it into the cleft
between the outer lips and into the super smooth skin inside for
the first time.  By crooking my finger and gently pulling her
clitoris up towards her belly I can feel the pea sized bump of
her clit head under the wrinkled prepuce.  Then slightly below
there is the small opening of her uretha.  Down a little way the
vagina opening begins, closed up in this virgin little girl by
the fold of her hymen.  There is a small hole in the center of
the hymen.  I try my little finger tip into the perforation and
as it barely enters to the first joint, she stiffens her body.

  "Ow, ow, ouch!" she breaths in a whisper, rather than speaks
aloud.

  "I know, I know." I whisper back to her as I remove the
offending digit.  Now that I have explored the whole cleft, I
return my attention to her love bump and use three fingers
together, and one by one to stimulate it.  Missy responded with
grunts, sighs and body movements.  She likes a certain pressure,
and she bucks her hips forwards to keep contact and pressure
where she wants it as I rub and fondle her.  "Are you getting the
good feeling?"  I whisper as I increase the tempo.

  "It's coming.  I'm starting...  Don't stop."

  "Don't worry, I won't stop... Not until you cum."  She has had
a real hard climax once with me with my tongue down there, but
she may not climax today.  She is still young and has time, as I
have time to bring things along slowly with her.  I am going to
make sure she thoroughly enjoys herself this afternoon.  I worry
a little that things will dry up at a crucial point, but decide
to deal with that problem if and when it arises.  I hold her
upper body tightly against me with my left hand on her chest,
with a fore finger stroking a little nipple with the same rhythm
as the middle finger below stroking her clit.  I kiss her ear,
her cheek, her neck.  The taste and feel of her smooth skin
against my lips and tongue as I taste her is exquisite.

  "Ooo mmm."  She makes little mewling sounds as she bucks her
pelvis up against my stroking fingers.  I cant help myself, I
sneak my middle finger down and into her vaginal entrance,
picking up slippery saliva along the way and insert it quickly
into the small perforation there, to the first joint once again.
She thrusts against the finger, and her engorged little clit
pushes itself hard against the ball of my thumb, seeking the
release that almost comes.  The finger advances to the second
joint under her insistent bucking.  So tight and warm and soft
and wet in there!  So hot, and I can feel vaginal muscles flexing
around my finger tip as she strains for she knows not exactly
what.

  Suddenly she sighs and relaxes and both of her hands converge
on my hand under her clothing to pull it out and away from her
vulva.  I lift her to my lap with an arm under her knees as they
buckle.  She is limp and vulnerable.  I lean over and kiss her
forehead, her eyelids, her nose, her chin, her lips.  She gives
me her lips in a little girl kiss and opens her eyes to gaze into
mine.  I seem to float down into the brown depths of her gaze.

  "How was it sweetie?  Did you make it?"  I think I know the
answer.  My finger tip in her vagina was the distraction that
stopped her.

  She sighs.  "I was sooo close! Then it got too tender so I had
to stop."

  "We'll make it more times, dont you worry.  Are you sore down
there now?"

  "She has an inward look for a moment.  "Noo... not real sore.
It hurt a little in my hole, your finger.  But  your spit fixed
that.  But I dont want you to touch it any more today, it's too
tender."  She frowns.  "My mouth is really dry."

  "Have the rest of my Kool Aid.  I only took a sip."

  "Thanks."  She empties my glass, then slides down off my lap.
"I better head back home."

  "Sure.  Come swim later if you can.  The boys will be back at
three so we will have a couple hours."

  "'Kay!"  As she turns to go I pat her on the butt, feeling the
warm smoothness of her flesh through the thin material.  Suddenly
it hits me.  Panties!  She had been around this morning with her
brother, and I had patted her butt in the same way.  I had felt
panty seams under those bloomers then.

  "Hey Missy!"  She turns back.

  "What?"

  "What happened to your panties?"

  "Well..."  She blushes and lowers her head and I see her long
eyelashes bat a couple of times as she grins her wicked grin. She
looks up under her eyebrows at me.  "I took them off for you." 
She turns and flees.

  "That little Minx."  I chuckle to myself.  "She had the whole
thing planned.  Who is seducing who here anyway?"  I head into
the house.  I have to go into the bathroom and take care of
something right now.


The usual disclaimers apply. My stories are pure fantasy.  Enjoy
them. Do not try to emulate any characters.  They are all
figments of my overactive imaginaion, and do not exist in real
life.


   
