A Micro Mini Skirt owners manual 

Congratulations on your new purchase. As a new micro miniskirt owner you may have some questions about wearing your new garment. If this is your first micro miniskirt you may have some preconceptions about micros that cause you to be a little apprehensive. Here is a guide to wearing micro minis that should help provide for lots of enjoyable wearing. 

First, almost no micro is the right length off the rack. This is because women simply have many different body types. Since any micro should be as short as it can possibly be, it can easily be hemmed up to the proper length. So what is the right length? Well, without being too specific, you want it short enough that you will have no trouble letting your knickers be seen with little or no effort. If people are stooping over or craning their necks in order to get a look up your skirt then it’s a sure bet that yours isn’t short enough. Avoid the embarrassment and error on the side of too short. Remember, the last thing you want is to be in a position where you wish your skirt was shorter. 

Getting used to a micro mini. The best way to get into wearing and enjoying a micro mini is to wear one all the time. You may be used to getting up on a Saturday morning a putting on jeans or shorts to begin a casual weekend but what happens when you show up at the grocery store and suddenly realize that you are not wearing a micro mini. You can avoid the panic, anxiety and self consciousness you would have to endure when you realize that you don’t have a skirt that someone could be looking up by always being in a micro. If you live in a micro mini you will always be prepared for those occasions when you want to flash your knickers or be able to have that cute guy be able to look up your skirt. Just remember, there is almost never a down side to wearing a micro mini. 

Skirt or Dress. Lots of rookie micro mini wearers think this doesn’t matter since either can be a short as the want but they eventually learn that a micro dress gives them better options than the skirt. Usually this is learned over time with the feeling that bending and reaching while in a microskirt just isn’t showing as much as with a microdress. Go with the feeling. Since dresses start at your shoulders, they give you the advantage of letting your upper body help dictate where your hemline will be. How embarrassing it could be to be in the supermarket wearing a microskirt and reaching for a can on the top shelf only to discover there is no guarantee that your hemline will rise high enough to show a decent portion of your knickers. A dress solves this, especially a sleeved one. A well designed micro dress can rise high enough to let almost all of your knickers be seen when you reach up. You gain the confidence to know that you don’t have to work as hard to let people see up your dress. 

Sitting down. Many a woman has decided to skip wearing a micro mini altogether because of well known fears about sitting down in one. This fear can easily be over come by following some simple rules. First, never fold your hands on your lap or rest what you are carrying on your lap. If there is someone opposite you should avoid crossing your legs unless your skirt is so short that your knickers can be seen even with your legs crossed. By keeping your lap clear you better give someone in front of you clearer view up your skirt. If your skirt is mini, but not micro in length, your knickers need to be white or a very light color in order to be seen up a greater length of skirt. If your viewers are off to the sides then you will need to cross your legs for best exposure. The leg closest to the person you want to notice you should be crossed over the other. You will need to do some squirming forward and side to side in order to work your skirt up more. Your goal should be to have your skirt worked high enough so that your skirt is clearly not touching the seat anymore. Don’t forget that the type of skirt affects how you sit too. Many many women have enjoyed their first tiny little pleated skirt only to discover the frustration of sitting down in one and seeing how much of it is laying on their thighs. Imagine the frustration trying to figure out how to get that hem up where it belongs without being too obvious. 

Climbing stairs. Climbing up a flight of stairs in a micro mini has it’s own set of risks and rewards. If you are wearing a tight and clingy skirt or dress you face a real risk that no one behind you will be able to look up your skirt even if you both bend forward. If you know you are going to be climbing stairs the safest bet is to wear a-line or pleated micros. Timing your ascent until there is at least one guy behind you at the right distance will take some practice. 

Getting out of a car. This is a classic opportunity for micro mini wearers. You definitely want a tight skirt for this maneuver. If you happen to be wearing something loose then pull it tight across your thighs to minimize the risk of it falling between your legs. Unfortunately most of us exit our cars without anyone in eyeshot but if you are getting out on a busy sidewalk or a valet opens your door for you then you will want to be prepared. Bright white knickers under a dark colored skirt work best because your exposure time will be limited so make the most of it. 

Bending. Bending over is one of the great reasons to wear a micro mini. It allows your knickers to be easily viewed but there are a few common sense rules. First, keep your legs reasonably close together, you want to appear lady like. If you know you will have good opportunities to show off this way then avoid tight stretchy skirts, even the very shortest of these cling while bending and make panty showing rather problematic. They don’t however fall back into place on their own so you do benefit when you stand back up of having your hemline stay up. This can give you good opportunities to play surprised after you leave it there and look down a little while later in “horror” to see that your knickers are on full display. But in general wearing an A-line or baby doll is a good choice if you anticipate doing a lot of bending. 

Sitting on the floor. Have you ever entered a room without any chairs left to sit in? We all have and it’s a great place to be wearing a micromini because you really don’t have to invent a way to show your knickers. If you anticipate a shortage of seats make sure you are late enough to ensure that all the seats are taken. Your position on the floor is key. It may be tempting to sit cross legged spread eagled but that is a bit too obvious. Sitting on your hip with your legs together or on your knees while you sit back is a more preferred lady like way and if your skirt is tight and short enough you can be comfortable in the fact that a good portion of your knickers can be seen. 

Shoes. To paraphrase a saying in Real Estate it’s high heels, high heels, high heels. There is simply no substitute for making your legs look great. They also help legitimize a micro so you won’t be mistaken for wearing a tennis outfit. They also will get you lots of attention when you wear them with your micro to unusual places. Since you really will want to be wearing a micromini all the time you also need to be in high heels as well. Of course there are exceptions, like going for your 4 mile run, or windsurfing perhaps. 

Knickers vs no knickers. While most women usually prefer wearing knickers under their micro minis there is no rule that says you must. Many women who enjoy going bare under a micro discovered this pleasure by accident when, for instance, they found they had no clean underwear to put on. With no choice left but to go out bare bottomed they found out how exciting it can be. You may start out feeling like you must keep covered which makes it feel even more dangerous and exciting. If you decide to try going bare bottomed under a micro mini the best advice is to wear one of your shortest micro minis. You may be perfectly comfortable letting your knickers show but when it’s only you under that tiny hemline it can take on a much more dangerous feeling. In no time you may decide that this is the only way to go. Experienced micro mini wearers are always be prepared to ditch them if the situation warrants. 

Office wear: An office environment is a place of business and not a fashion show so keep the club wear at home. Dressing for work is about looking smart, not looking different. A sharp blouse combined with high heel pumps and nude pantyhose make a classic look to go with your micromini. Also, be very careful if you wear a suit jacket. Make sure it is much shorter than your hemline or you risk hiding the knickers you have worked so hard to expose. And just like with the corporate color choices for mens shirts, the top three color choices for your knickers should be white, white or white. You don’t want to risk career advancement by showing red knickers “for a change of pace” when you are reaching into that filing cabinet. If you want to experiment with going without knickers or wearing flat heels then save it for casual Fridays. 

Weather: It’s important to think of weather as an opportunity for wearing microskirts and not a restriction. Most women think that warm weather is best for baring the most leg but there is more to think about. If you are going be spending some time outside and it’s going to be windy out there then a tight micro dress won’t do you too much good. A pleated skirt or gathered baby doll microdress will serve you much better when the wind blows. Remember that it’s much easier to let the wind expose your knickers than having to make movements yourself. If it’s going to be pouring rain out there then you want to be in something thin and tight and remember to leave the rain coat at home because it does you no good to be wearing it when you want your microdress to get wet and transparent. 

These simple guidelines should help you get the most enjoyment from this and other micro minis.
