                                           Salame
                                        By Lust4Life

When barbarians capture the town, the women become sex slaves to the conquerors, who 
decide to remain in the city for a few months, to give us time to fatten up many bellies.
M+F+ nc reluc preg

Prelude

As Salame dressed, along with the other girls, she reflected on the horrors of the previous 
month. The fall of the city to the barbarian invaders and the subsequent mayhem. All who 
resisted (and many who didnt) were cut down. Buildings looted, burned, temples 
destroyed, precious objects taken or destroyed. The women, including Salame were 
rounded up and taken to the courtyard where the victors were gathering with their spoils. 
Casks of wine and liquor from all over the city were being rolled in and opened for the 
men to drink. After the commanding officers selected a few of the most beautiful women 
for themselves, the men were turned loose and the rape began. The men swarmed into the 
crowd of women, ripping their clothes off on the spot and pushing them to the ground to 
take their pleasure. Salame remembered the screams of the women and the bellows of 
pleasure as the men filled the women with their barbarian sperm. As much as she tried to 
block it out, she still recalled the face of her first attacker, learing over her and pinching 
her bare breasts as he thrust into her. And after the first man had finished with her, a 
second, third, and fourth all used her for their pleasure. The rape continued until well into 
the night when the last of the invaders finally collapsed into drunken, well satiated 
slumber. The women gathered then for mutual comfort, cum dripping from their ravaged 
pussies. Still, Salame had been lucky, it was not her time of the month and she was not 
pregnant as were many of her friends.

After a second day of drunken debauchery and rape, the officers began to restore a 
semblance of order. The command post was to remain in the city for a few months, to 
give us time to fatten up many bellies while the troops would plunder the country side. 
A number of the women would be selected for the pleasure of the officer corps, while the 
rest would be available for the entertainment of the troops during their off-hours. 
Salame had been one of the women selected for the officers. She had been led away with 
the other selected women and they had been subjected to a week of training and 
discipline by the eunuchs. They had been taught to dress and dance seductively, to act the 
wanton, horny slut, and to obey without question. The discipline had been harsh, and 
mere acquiescence was far from sufficient, they were taught to at least pretend great lust 
and enthusiasm for the men, to urge them on. They had also received training in sexual 
techniques the officers enjoyed, to allow them to better pleasure the men.

Today was to be the first of many victory banquets and celebrations for the barbarian 
leaders. Unfortunately for Salame, she was now mid-cycle and very fertile. But there was 
nothing she could do about it, she knew she had to perform to her best or suffer greatly 
afterwards. And she knew men were particularly attracted to her full breasts, wide hips, 
long dark hair, and brown eyes. Yes, she was going to see a lot of action tonight. The 
women had been supplied with the best, seductive garments, make-up, and perfumes the 
city had to offer. Salame reddened her lips, painted her nails, applied makeup to add a 
flair of mystery and sensuality to her eyes, and selected an under layer and an outer layer. 
The under layer was comprised of a sexy, glittering, very brief pair of panties which 
barely covered her trimmed pussy hair and showed generous portions of her firm ass in 
back, and a top which just covered her swelling breasts with a translucent fabric and 
glittering strands hanging down all along the front. The outer layer was composed of a 
filmy, flowing dress with matching gauzy shawl. The eunuchs inspected the women to 
ensure they had done their best to appear beautiful and seductive. Salame passed but a 
few were deemed insufficient and were sent back to improve their appearances, after 
receiving a painful reminder of the need to excel.

The Banquet  the dance

As they headed toward the banquet hall, Salame knew what to expect. They had 
rehearsed the entertainment during their training. Outside the doors to the hall they could 
hear the men talking and shouting, the clank of mugs and platters, and the aroma of 
various foods wafted out to them. Now the door was thrown open and the women danced 
lightly into the room, twirling and jumping, swinging their shawls and scarves. The head 
eunuch entered behind them, and announced, Your excellencies, the women of xx have 
been eagerly waiting to entertain you and to satisfy you in everyway they can. Pray do 
not prevent them from sharing their charms with you any longer. The men roared their 
approval and banged their mugs on the low tables. The men were seated on cushions 
about the room, dressed in loose flowing robes and eating from low tables.

As the women began a twirling, flowing dance, servants cleared the tables and refilled the 
mens mugs. The women danced, spreading out, twirling among the men, making eye 
contact as they had been taught. Now instead of just twirling and flowing their arms as 
they danced, the women began undulating their hips as they moved. Salame could feel 
the tension in the room building as the men began focusing their attention on the women. 
Now shawls and scarves began to disappear, Salame teased one man with hers, then 
draped it around another man, blowing him a kiss with her full lips as she undulated 
away. Despite herself, despite her repulsion and hatred of the barbarians, she was 
beginning to get into the role she was playing, she could feel a warmth suffusing her as 
she danced. Now things began to move up another notch as outer garments began to fall. 
Salame teased several men, starting to loosen and drop her top, before closing it back up. 
She thrust her chest at one man, wiggled her ass at another, and then straightening up, let 
her gauzy top fall on him as she twirled off, her row of glittering tassles shimmering 
swaying from her breasts as she moved. As she continued to move, Salame undid the 
clasp holding her long flowing skirt and let her long legs flash out for the men to see. She 
turned the skirt one way, then the other, teasing the men, letting one leg show, then the 
other, until finally, standing in front of one man, undulating her hips in his face, she let 
the skirt slither down her legs so that he was staring right at her barely covered pussy. 
She felt his hand reach out and run part way up her leg before she danced off.

By now all of the women had shed their outer garments and the atmosphere was moving 
from sultry and sensual, to blatantly sexual. Salame continued to dance, but now she was 
brazenly brushing up against the men, letting her fingers reach out and touch the faces, 
heads, shoulders as she passed. She would now thrust her breasts out at a man and jiggle 
them rapidly, or roll her chest in a circle for the man, or stand in front of him, gyrating 
her scantily clad pussy for him. The men began to reach out and run hands over her legs 
and ass as she moved among them, sending tingles all over her body. When she first 
began dancing, Salame had been aware of all of the other women, and had been watching 
the unfolding scene with a detached presence. However, as the dancing had progressed 
and become more sensual, her focus narrowed till she was barely aware of the other 
women dancing around her. Instead she was focusing on the men, trying to turn them on, 
to make them want her more than anything else in the world. And she was beginning to 
enjoy the looks of lust she was getting from the men. She noticed a number of the men 
beginning to rub their crotches as they watched the dancers. While her mind concentrated 
on the moment, dancing and turning the men on, her body knew this was only the 
prelude, that soon it would be eagerly sucking the cum from hard pounding cocks in an 
effort to reproduce itself. In anticipation, her body began to prepare itself, her pussy 
began getting moist and her nipples hardened. She began to moan as she danced and her 
breath came in shorter gasps.

After some time teasing many of the men in just her panties and top, Salame decided it 
was time to begin shedding the last of her clothes and bare her luscious body for the 
eager men. She ran her hands up her sides and over her breasts, lifting the tassles giving 
the men a view, through the thin material, of her breasts, nipples hard and extended. Now 
she began to tease them some more, starting to lift her top to fully expose her breasts, 
only to pull it back down and move on. Finally, she lifted the top all of the way off and 
over her head, allowing her full breasts to spring free for all to see. As she continued to 
move, she ran her hands over her breasts, pushing them up and together, then mashing 
them, sending shivers of sensual pleasure through her body. Now as she danced in front 
of the men, thrusting out her bare chest, they began to reach up and massage her breasts 
themselves. The foreign touch sent more shivers through her body and caused her to 
moan. Suddenly she heard a high pitched groan and looking around, saw a large bearded 
officer sinking his shaft into one of the women. Her pussy throbbed and got wetter  it 
had started! Now she began to remove her last clothing, to reveal her naked pussy to the 
audience. Slowly she began running her fingers around the waist string, sliding it down a 
little at a time, giving the men a peak at the top of her bush, then gradually moving it 
down further, until it cleared her pussy and she pushed her panties the rest of the way 
down her legs, stepping out of them and standing completely naked in the room full of 
eager men.

As she now moved among the men, she noticed a number of the other women, naked, 
sitting with one or small groups of men, running eager hands over each other. Salame 
continued to move among the men, feeling their hands all over her body now, running up 
her legs, over her ass, along her pussy lips, and over her breasts. She in turn was running 
hands over the seated men, over their faces, heads, shoulders, pushing their robes off their 
shoulders. As she gyrated now, with hands running over her, she began talking to the 
men, Oh, Im so hot. You turn me on so much. I need a good hard cock to fill me up. I 
want to get fucked again and again tonight. Her body was by now on overdrive, ready to 
mate and massage a hard cock until it delivered its load of male sperm for her. She was 
mid-cycle and ovulating, her body knew this was the time to mate, and she had just spent 
the better part of an hour turning on a room full of potential mates and in turn getting her 
body ready to take as many loads of hot cum as it could and suck them up into her womb 
to penetrate her egg and impregnate her.

Round one

Finally, one of the men grabbed her arm, and saying, Well, come on down here you hot 
little wench. Ill fuck you till you scream and shoot you full of come. he pulled her 
down and she fell into his arms, kissing him passionately as she felt his hands running 
over her body, massaging her breasts, squeezing her ass, stroking her pussy. Youve 
been turning me on all night and now Ive got to have you. the man gasped as he 
continued to run his hands over her. The sensations were driving Salame wild. Her body 
was screaming, Yes, Yes, Yes! knowing that it was almost time to mate. Her mind was 
thinking, This man is going to fuck me and shoot his sperm in my fertile pussy. And if 
he doesnt make me pregnant, another man will fuck me later and make me pregnant. Im 
going to have a barbarian baby.

Now his hands on her body were no longer enough for Salame, as she ran her hands over 
his body, pushing his robe off, she reached down and felt his pubic hair, and then his hard 
cock, already twitching in excitement. It too knew the time was near, the time when it 
would be bathed in the female juices of a warm, receptive pussy, the time when it would 
convulse in pleasure shooting the sperm from his eager balls deep into a waiting womb 
on its mission of reproduction. Salame had been vaguely aware of grunts and groans and 
mewings coming from around her as other couples began fucking, but now Salame heard 
a male voice rise above the others, Ahh, Im coming! Ah! Take it! Ah! and she looked 
around to see the bearded man jamming his hips against his woman as he filled her with 
his come. She had her legs wrapped around him, pulling him in to her as he filled her. 
The sight send spasms through both Salame and her partner as they knew that that soon 
would be them.

Now Salame pushed apart his legs and started to lick her way down his broad chest, as 
she had been taught. Finally she reached his groin and began to lick the sides of his dick, 
eliciting groans of pleasure from its owner. She stared briefly at the throbbing rod and 
bloated balls hanging beneath, thinking, Soon this is going to be in my pussy. I am 
going to give this man the ultimate pleasure, massaging his cock with my pussy and 
making him come in me. This cock is going to shoot its load in me and try to make me 
pregnant. Her body was on fire with a single purpose, to engulf that cock and milk it till 
it delivered what her body so badly wanted, his life giving fluid pumping deep inside her. 
Now she lowered her head again and took his shaft into her mouth, bobbing gently up 
and down on it. With one hand, she reached under and felt the balls which were preparing 
his load for her. She gently massaged them and ran her fingers over the surface of his 
sack and back between his legs making him push his cock further up in her mouth.

Soon he pulled her head up saying, I cant wait any longer. Ive got to have you now. 
Salame rolled over on her back, spreading her legs wide for the man thinking, This is it. 
Hes going to fuck me now. She watched as he crawled between her legs, his stiff dick 
pointing out from his body, throbbing in eager anticipation of entrance into her inviting 
pussy. It was slick with her saliva and a little pre-cum oozing from the slit. She knew that 
soon, deep in her pussy, instead of a little pre-cum oozing, his cock would be shooting 
streams of hot white potent cum from that slit. Her pussy by now was streaming, her 
thighs were wet with her juices, her pussy lips were puffy red with anticipation, eager to 
welcome a hard cock home to do its job. Her body could not have been more ready to 
mate. The man touched the head of his penis to her lips and slid it up and down 
lubricating it, and sending electric jolts of pleasure through Salame. They both looked 
down, then up at each other. Do it, put it in me. I need your cock Salame urged, I want 
you to fuck me. I want to feel your cock pounding into me and then spraying my insides. 
Im at my most fertile right now  I want you to plant a baby in my belly. Salame was 
no longer sure how much of this was act and how much was real, her body was so eager. 
Then the man began to slide his penis into her vagina, stretching her open as the head 
burrowed deeper and deeper into her. She was so wet he just kept sliding in, until she felt 
his public bone grind against hers, his balls nestled against her ass, and his cock head just 
touching the entrance to her womb  a perfect fit! They both groaned with pleasure. She 
felt his warmth throbbing inside her as her pussy spasmed involuntarily around his shaft, 
welcoming him. Then he wiggled his hips a bit, adjusting, as if trying to find the perfect 
spot to shoot his sperm when it was time. Salame lifted her legs a bit more, giving him 
room to move and adjust. She reached around and fondled his balls, hanging against her 
ass.

He started to withdraw, leaving her with a feeling of emptiness, but as the head neared 
the entrance to her pussy, he reversed direction and plunged back in again. Salame sighed 
in delight at the feeling. Now he began to thrust in and out, fucking her for real. She 
looked up into his eyes and moaned, Oh yes. So good. Do it, do it, I need you so much. 
Her body began to respond, her hips started to thrust up to meet his strokes, giving him 
the deepest possible penetration. Her body knew this was what it was designed to do, to 
reproduce itself by impaling itself on a hard cock and riding it until it spewed its life 
giving juice deep inside her. Her body wanted to make this the greatest possible 
experience for the invading cock, it wanted to massage it and stroke it until it had the 
biggest possible load ready, and then make it blast it as hard and as deep as possible into 
her eagerly waiting cunt where she would suck his sperm up into her womb and bathe her 
egg in his precious gift. For his part, the man was loving the warmth of this beautiful soft 
woman who was so eagerly wrapped around him, urging him to fuck her. His cock was in 
heaven, doing what it was designed to do, stroking into an eager pussy getting ready to 
shoot his load deep inside. He loved the feel of her warm pussy spasmming around his 
cock, massaging it, sucking on it as he withdrew on each stroke. He loved the feeling of 
tightness around his cock as he bottomed out on each stroke, and the way she thrust up to 
meet him, and the way his balls banged on her ass with each stroke. He knew he was 
going blast a huge load into this wide open woman who was completely ready for him.

They continued to fuck, straining cock sliding in and out of eager pussy, each aching for 
the final rush of sperm which would complete the cycle of life, impregnating her, and yet 
each wanting the pleasure to last as long as possible, to go on forever on that knife edge 
in the delightful agony of anticipation. Salame felt her orgasm building inside her, wave 
cresting wave as his hard cock continued to pound into her. She could feel his strokes 
becoming shorter and more urgent, his breath coming in pants as his orgasm built as well. 
She knew his sperm was boiling in his sack, getting ready to shoot into her. Her body 
responded, thrusting more vigorously at him, urging him to go faster, until he boiled over. 
She could feel her orgasm was moments away as his penis rocked ever faster into her 
pussy. She was panting now, clawing his back, urging him on to take them both over the 
edge, Yes, yes. Do it! Faster, fuck me! Give it to me, give me everything you have! I 
want to feel you spurting inside me! I want your cum! Now she could feel his penis 
starting to get even harder, swelling inside her, stretching her wide. She knew he was just 
a few strokes from cumming in her, from shooting his precious load into her waiting 
pussy. Her body went wild in its last frantic effort to get him to deliver as big a load as 
possible.

Then she felt his cock grow still larger and harder, he groaned, and jammed his hips 
forward as hard as he could. Her body knew this was it, the time to complete the mating 
and accept his gift. Her body thrust back up at his, giving him the deepest possible 
penetration so that his cock head was jammed up tight against the entrance to her womb, 
and started spasming in orgasm, milking his cock. His contractions had already begun 
deep in his body, behind his penis, his stored pool of heated sperm was now forced 
through his body and started up through his penis as his ejaculation began. She felt the 
first huge contraction and the sudden splattering warmth of his semen on her womb, 
causing her to scream in ecstasy. Another thrust and his penis exploded a second huge jet 
of cum into her pussy. They ground together, screaming in pleasure as his cock continued 
to pump while her pussy spasmed around him, milking him. After about a dozen strong 
contractions he began to relax, panting hard. Salame again reached between his legs and 
massaged his balls, causing him to spasm still more, pumping a few final drops of come 
from his penis.

Finally, the man pulled out with a slurping sound, leaving Salame with a feeling of 
emptiness. That was great, but her body wanted more! His cock was covered with the 
juices of their fucking, a strand of cum hung from it. Salame leaned over and licked it off. 
Her thighs were glistening from their juices, her pussy hair matted, and a little of his huge 
load was visible at the entrance to her vagina, but most of it was buried deep inside her, 
on its way to her egg.

Round Two

Salame gradually came back to awareness of her surroundings. Some couples were still in 
the midst of fucking, driving into each other and moaning, others had finished and were 
lounging around drinking. Salame picked up a mug and took a long drink. Her pussy still 
tingled from its recent exercise. As Salame looked around she noticed a handsome man 
laying back, mug in one hand, the other hand in his crotch as he watched a couple next to 
him vigorously thrusting away at each other. Knowing her job, and that the eunuchs were 
watching to make sure the women did their job enthusiastically, Salame crawled over to 
the man.

They look good, dont they? asked Salame as she rubbed her breasts against his arm. 
Hmm-m, yes  the man responded. Here let me help you with that suggested 
Salame as her fingers traced down his chest to his crotch and pushed his hand away. His 
cock was limp and wet from recent use, but Salame felt it twitch in her hand with 
renewed interest. As she fondled his cock and balls, the man began to run his hands over 
her body, over her breasts squeezing them and between her slick legs. The couple next to 
them were obviously nearing the end, to judge by their pants and moans. Suddenly the 
woman erupted in orgasm, thrashing wildly beneath her partner. Oh, yes! Yes! Fuck me! 
Pound me with your hard cock! Dont stop! she screamed as she writhed beneath him. 
Oh, youre making me cum! yelled the man, Do it, suck the cum out of my balls! Ah-
h-h. He lunged into her, planting his dick as far in as it would go. Salame could see his 
balls bouncing as his dick pulsed, pumping his juice into his partner. Yes, yes! Give it to 
me! Every drop! Fill me up with your cum! the woman screamed thrusting herself 
against her mate. Shes getting hers, right between the legs thought Salame.

Salame looked at her partner with lust in her eyes and said, I need your cock inside me. 
She leaned over and kissed the man passionately, teasing him with her tongue as their 
hands continue to explore each others bodies. Then she broke and began to nibble her 
way down his neck to his chest, spending a few minutes on his nipples, then continuing 
down until she reached the top of his pubic hair. Here she detoured and moved down to 
his thigh so she could work her way back up. She spread his legs as he leaned back, so 
she could get better access to his scrotum and the sensitive area behind it. Now her 
tongue worked its way back up his leg and reached out and lightly tickled his sack. She 
continued up, licking the sides of his penis which was now starting to respond in earnest. 
Reaching the top, she lowered her mouth over the head and down, taking him all the way 
in her mouth so that her nose was buried in his pubic hair. She could taste the remains of 
his cum and the juices of his last partner still clinging to his cock. As her mouth bobbed 
up and down on his rapidly hardening member, she reached down and began playing with 
his balls and running her finger back toward his anus. My, youre a hot one, gasped the 
man, More. Keep doing that and Ill be ready to pound your pussy good in no time! His 
words excited her, making her pussy clench and begin getting ready to take another hard 
cock and another hot load. By this time his cock was once again rock hard and she lifted 
her mouth, now trailed her tongue down the shaft and while gently stroking his cock with 
her hand, began to lick his balls and reach her tongue back between his legs, making him 
squirm. Finally he said, I cant stand it any longer, Ive got to feel your pussy wrapped 
around me!

Salame started to roll over onto her back for the man but he said, No, on all fours. Im 
going to fuck you from behind. Obediently Salame got on her hands and knees, jutting 
her ass up in the air and wiggling it back and forth in wanton invitation. Juice was 
flowing from her pussy she was so wet. She looked back and saw her partner moving 
forward on his knees, his cock sticking out and waving side to side, with his balls 
hanging below. Then she felt his hands on her hips as he steadied her and then the head 
of his cock was against her pussy lips. Her body was ready and her lips parted easily as 
he started to sink in. She thrust back against him as he continued to push forward, moans 
escaping both of their lips, until once again her pussy was filled with cock, his belly snug 
against her ass, his balls resting on his clitoris and his cock head at the entrance to her 
womb, ready to shoot another load of sperm into her. She wiggled her hips to enjoy the 
sensation and help fully seat him. He grabbed her hips and pulled her back harder against 
him while his cock throbbed and twitched inside her. Her pussy was spasming, 
massaging the embedded cock, saying, Yes, this is it, this is where you belong, just 
pump your cum right in here.

Now the man bent forward, resting on her back as he grabbed her breasts from behind 
and began slowly fucking his dick in and out of her pussy. Oh, yes, that feels so good, 
fuck me, fuck me hard she moaned. She reached back with one hand between her legs 
and ran her fingers over his balls every time he thrust in. This caused the man to delay 
just a bit on each in-stroke, grinding and rotating his body against her for a moment just 
at the point of deepest penetration. She knew she was making him hot, that his cum 
would soon start boiling in his balls and that her pussy would milk his cock till it blasted 
that hot load deep inside, adding a second mans virile sperm to her fertile womb. 
Whether she wanted it or not, her body knew that once again it had the opportunity to 
suck the fountaining sperm from a hard cock in an effort to reproduce, and her body was 
once again taking over, ensuring that her partner would be massaged, milked, and excited 
until overwhelmed with sensations he emptied the biggest load he could into her eager 
pussy.

Her partner sensed her bodys desire and began to thrust away with abandon. Letting go 
of her breasts, he straightened his back to get deeper penetration. Oh baby, you turn me 
on. Your pussy feels so good on my cock. Im gonna ride you till I explode and fill you 
with my cum. Which was exactly what Salames greedy body wanted. She felt an 
orgasm building as her partner thrust enthusiastically into fertile pussy. She began 
pushing back even harder as she felt the sensations grow, finally it was on top of her, 
Ah, yes! Yes! More! Keep pounding me! Oh Ah! Ah! Oh thats so good! All of her 
senses were focused on her spasming pussy and the hard cock pounding in and out, the 
balls slapping against her clitoris. Finally, the sensation ebbed as her partner continued to 
pound into her.

His pounding continued, but now she felt a new urgency in his pace, a quickening and 
she knew his sperm was beginning to gather for the mad rush into her pussy in search of 
an egg to fertilize. Her body felt the change as well and of its own accord began grinding 
back harder against him, gyrating, telling his body she was ready, she needed his load. 
Yes, come on, fuck me. Slam that cock into my pussy. I want to feel you shooting your 
cum inside me. Fill me up! she moaned. She could feel another orgasm starting to build 
as he slammed into her.

The man could feel her growing passion, her hunger for him to come. The sensations of 
her spasming pussy, her grinding hips, her lewd words, overwhelmed his senses as he 
thrust into her, now with but a single thought, to shoot as much cum into her as he could. 
By now he was pounding his dick furiously into her, dripping sweat and oblivious to 
anything but her pussy milking his cock. She could feel his whole body tensing, gathering 
like a tightly wound spring in preparation to blast his semen into her anxious pussy. Then 
she felt his cock begin to grow extra hard and large as it swelled up in the final few 
strokes before ejaculation. Her body knew he was ready, at the boiling point, ready to 
give her what she so badly wanted, and her cunt began clenching tightly around his 
swollen cock, increasing the friction, urging him to fill her now. Oh Yes! Ah! Im gonna 
cum! Im gonna cum in you! Here it comes! groaned the man as she felt his cock expand 
in the first contraction and he lunged forward as she pushed frantically back against him, 
planting his swelling cock head and slit right at the entrance to her womb. Ah-h-h-h 
yelled the man as she felt the sudden pressure of his sperm against the entrance to her 
womb, the sudden flood of warmth and wetness deep inside her as he began to spew his 
load into her. Aie-e-e she cried as her body erupted in orgasm urging him on and in 
celebration of his joyous infusion. She felt his cock swelling again as he lunged still 
harder against her and another jet of his hot cream blasted in her. Her body was 
frantically milking and massaging his cock to deliver more, and sucking what he 
delivered deep into her womb. He continued pushing into her as his cock convulsed and 
jerked, sending stream after stream of come from deep in his balls, up through his cock 
and deep into her pussy. Finally, their passion began to ebb as the jerking of his cock 
slowed and the contractions of her pussy slowed. She reached between their legs and 
massaged his balls to get the last few drops. Oh what a fucker you are she moaned. I 
think you drained my insides completely dry he said, as he finally fell back, his cock 
sliding from her pussy.

Aftermath

Salame fucked two other men that night before the women retired. She was covered in 
sweat and a mixture of cum from her partners ran down her legs. They had an evenings 
rest and then the party was repeated on the second night. This pattern kept up and by the 
end of the month, most of the women had missed their periods, including Salame. Soon, 
she knew, her belly would start to swell with a barbarian baby, just like the other women. 
And she had no idea who the father might be, she had been fucked by at least 50 different 
men, at least 10 of them during her most fertile time.

