Revenge is a Dish Best Served ……… Using her Developing Body.
by Vanessa Evans

Part 07

Amber woke to the feeling of an orgasm and when she opened her eyes she was alone. When the waves of pleasure disappeared Amber thought,

“It’s true, girls do have wet dreams.” 

Amber’s ears started working and she looked outside. All 4 boys were splashing around in the pool so she got up, wandered over and looked down at the 4 boys looking up at the naked her.

“What time is it?” Amber asked.

“About 10.” Tommy replied. “The olds have already left. I hope that you had a good sleep because we are going to chase you around and make you cum a hundred times Amber.” 

“That sounds nice, who’s going to come and help me in the bathroom then get me some breakfast?”

Lucas and Noah looked at Amber like she was crazy. Tommy and Mike were grinning.

“My turn.” Tommy said as he started to get out. 

Then she heard the other boys talking,

“Help with what?” Noah asked.

“Shaving her pussy.” Mike replied.

“Fuck, how do I get on that waiting list?” Noah replied 


Amber walked into the bathroom but it was Mike who followed her in and she immediately sat on the toilet not caring which of her brothers helped her.

“I want to do both, do you want to watch me.”

“Can you pee then poo?”

“Usually do.”

“Good, can I watch you pee then I’ll disappear for a couple of minutes. The thought of watching lumps of shit coming out of anyone, even a girl does nothing for me.”

Amber stood up moved her feet to each side then let rip as Mike moved close up to get a better look.

“No flaps to get in the way, better for you to see and easier for me.” Amber said loud enough to be heard above the tinkling.”

Peeing done, Amber sat down and had a quick poo. After wiping her butt she got her shaving things out, had a quick rinse in the shower then started shaving her arms and legs. She was nearly finished and starting to wonder if Mike had chickened out when he reappeared.

“I left the main attraction for you, I take it that you’ve never done anything like this before?”

“No.”

“Okay, I’ll talk you through it.”

She did. Mike was obviously nervous at first and Amber wondered if she have to do her delicate parts to avoid the risk of an accident but he settled down and Amber let him shave everywhere. 

When he was finished Amber said,

“Whoever shaves me has to bring me off as well, and that included me, so you’d better get your fingers busy.”

Mike didn’t need a second invite and he put to good use some of the skills that he’d practised over the last few weeks. 

Amber decided that there was no need to try to keep the noise down so she was screaming her head off telling Mike, and those outside, how good she was feeling.

When it was over she just lay there on the shower floor for a couple of minutes before getting up and having a proper shower.

Finished and dry, Amber walked to the kitchen and ate what her brothers and parents had left out, then she went back outside and stood at the side of the pool with her feet well apart.

“So guys, what’s the plan for today?”

Tommy was the spokesman and he said,

“Each day that we’re here on our own we are going to make you cum as many times as we can, both here and on the beach, and maybe anywhere else we can think of, and we’re going to keep a count.”

“Well for starters,” Amber replied, “whoever is keeping the count had better start at 2 because Mike just made me cum in the shower. Secondly, there are going to be some rules and if any of you break them it will all stops for ever.”

“So what are your rules Amber?” Mike asked.

“Number 1, no cocks in my pussy or my butt.
Number 2, if I say stop you stop straight away.
Number 3, you have to promise that you will keep all photographs and videos that you take private between just us.
Number 4, I can’t think of number 4 at the moment but I might add it later.

Do you all agree to stick to my rules?”

All 4 answered in the affirmative.

“Right guys, what do you want me to do first?”

There was along silence and Amber guessed that they didn’t actually have a plan.

“Shall I just lay on one of the loungers and wait for you to decide? No, better idea, can one of you get the sunblock and cover me in it, and put some on yourselves as well.”

Amber went to a lounger and lay flat on her stomach, feet spread wide, and waited. A few minutes later Amber felt 4 hands rubbing the lotion all over her back, one hand going straight between her legs. A few minutes later Amber relaxed and heard Noah say,

“Two.”

Amber turned over, spread her legs and a few minutes later Noah said,

“Three.”


“Well that’s a good start,” Amber thought, “I wonder what’s next.”

The boys went into a huddle then Mike said,

“Can you raise your legs and get your knees down by your ears Amber?”

“I think so.” Amber replied and raised her legs. Lowering them down near her head Amber said,

“Like this?”

“Yeah, now can you lift you arms inside your legs then put them over the backs of your knees?”

“Like this?”

“Now can you lick your own pussy?”

Amber tried but there was no way that it was going to happen and she wished that she’d gone to those gymnastics classes that her mother had suggested, but while she was trying that she saw just how open and exposed her pussy was.

“Sorry guys, that’s impossible, but look how exposed I am. Can one of you take a photo of me with my phone?”

All 4 boys went inside and came back with their phones, Tommy with Amber’s as well, and the next few minutes was spent by them taking lots of photos of her, getting wetter by the second, pussy.

Amber could see her pussy from an angle that she rarely saw it from and was actually thinking that it looked good as she waited for them to finish.

“Okay Amber,” Mike said when they were done, “you can let your legs down.”

Amber started to move her arms but quickly realised that getting out of that position wouldn’t be as easy as getting in to it. In fact she didn’t know that she could get herself out.

“Err guys, could one of you give me a hand?”

All 4 turned and looked at Amber. One by one they started grinning then Noah said,

“So you can’t move Amber?”

“No, can one of you help me please?”

“We will, but not right now, I think that we’ve all just had the same idea.”


That idea was for the boys to push a whole variety of objects into Amber’s upturned  pussy. All 4 ran into the villas and each one came back with a variety of objects.

One by one an object as pushed into Amber’s pussy and she was fucked by them. Most of the items weren’t even worth mentioning as Amber hardly felt them but some, like the cucumber and the smaller bottles were much more fun for Amber. Wine bottles and the smaller water bottles were good and the fucking with them made her cum twice, Noah nearly forgetting to add the second time to the total.

Amber had to tell them not to try to put a 2 litre, full water bottle, base first in her.

Then Tommy had the idea of putting full or half full bottles inside her with no top on them, their idea to see how much water would drain out of the bottle into Amber. What they didn’t bargain on was that there was no way for air to get into the bottle to replace the water.

Then Mike had a good idea. At one corner of the garden was a storage box that they’d all looked in, it contained items for the pool and garden’s maintenance and that included a hosepipe. The other 3 boys soon realised what Mike’s idea was, and so did Amber. As the boys soon got the hosepipe connected and with water coming out of the end they walked over to Amber.

“No guys don’t, please.” 

But Amber hadn’t said ‘stop’ so they didn’t. She gasped as the hosepipe entered her and started filling her insides. Mike was holding the hosepipe and he started fucking her with it. As the end of the hosepipe withdrew to near Amber’s vaginal entrance water leaked out and dribbled down her back and front. 

Then Mike pushed it in and held it in for quite a few seconds and Amber shouted ‘stop’. Mike pulled the hosepipe out and a jet of water followed it and shot up in the air as Amber’s inside expelled it.

Amber giggled and the boys had another idea, just how high could Amber squirt the water. Mike looked at Amber and she nodded her head. In went the hosepipe and it stayed there until Amber told him to take it out.

Up went the jet of water, easily to the top of Tommy’s (the tallest of the 4 boys) head. Amber giggled and told Mike to do it gain, but this time when Amber told Mike to take it out she used her pussy muscles to hold the water in.

The straining was visible on Amber’s face as she tried to hold it in but after a few seconds she let go and tried to push all the water out as quick as she could. Up it went, probably half metre higher than before.

“Again.” Amber said and the exercise was repeated, the height being about the same.    

Amber had Mike do it one more time before she stopped him doing it pleaded for the boys to release her.

They did and Amber got to her feet and stretched.

“How about we go for a walk?” Tommy said.

Minutes later all the boys had put their trainers on, Amber had put on her flip flops on and they were walking down the street. Amber had mixed feelings as she walked. She was so excited that she was naked and walking with 4 older boys and more than likely about to walk through the village like that with loads of tourists and locals seeing her. That and the anticipation of what they might do to her was driving her crazy, her pussy was flowing like a river and she knew that it wouldn’t take much to make her cum.

Then Lucas had an idea,

“Why don’t we stop every few minutes and take it in turns to finger her until she cums?”

All the guys liked that idea and it just increased the tension in Amber who almost immediately got lifted up by Lucas who carried her between 2 parked cars and held her against a wall. Amber knew what was next and she spread her legs to give Lucas better access.

Less than a Minute later Amber was cumming all over Lucas’ hand.

“Bloody hell.” Lucas said, “That didn’t take much, this girl is really liking all this.”

Amber nodded her head and smiled.

They hit the main street and at first no one gave them a second glance. Then it was only the odd tourist that looked at Amber who looked at some of them and wondered where they came from, were the from England, perhaps the same city, perhaps even the same street as where she lived. Amber’s father had once told her that when he took her mother to a beach in Greece he bumped into his old teacher. Had that been a nudist beach?

Then the ‘what if’s really hit Amber. What if she bumped into her teacher in that very street, would he even recognise her without her clothes on. What if she bumped into him on the beach? What if he was one of the men watching what they were doing in the dunes, and that was where Amber was expecting and hoping that they would be going soon. What if he didn’t recognise her and he asked if the girl could blow him, Tommy said yes and he only recognised her half way through the blowjob? What if he’d got the villa next to them instead of Lucas and Noah?

Amber was both excited and terrified that that could happen, but she didn’t have time to think any more about it because Tommy took her hand and led her down a side street. Hidden behind a van his hand went to her pussy and got to work. 

Two minutes later Amber’s legs were like jelly and her shaking was slowly stopping.

“Gawd sis, you’re hornier than we are.” Tommy said as he pulled her by the hand back to the others.


On they walked and before they knew it they were running out of houses and the countryside looked soo different to what it does in England.

“We could get her to give us blowjobs out here.” Lucas suggested.

Amber squat down, touched the road then stood up and said,

“There’s no way that I’m getting on on my knees on that road, it’s red hot. Didn’t you see me dancing along yesterday when I didn’t even have my flip flops on.?”  

Tommy squat and touched the road then agreed with Amber. The 4 guys thought about what to do but were interrupted by a car coming along. Everyone moved to the side with Amber nearest to the oncoming car. She was stood facing the car not really thinking about the fact that she was naked. 

The car slowed right down and the 2 men in it stared at Amber as the car crawled passed.

To Amber’s delight the guys decided to head for the beach but on the way they decided that they wanted an ice cream. After checking that they had some euros with them they headed to same place that Mike had bought some before, but this time they all told Amber that she was going to go and buy them and that she had to stand a bit back so that the man could have a good look at all of her front.

Amber wasn’t going to argue and that’s where they headed. 

Just before they got there Mike decide that it was time that he made Amber cum and he took her hand and led her behind a sun shelter at the front of a shop, They would be visible from the street if any passer by turned their head and looked. This was a bit daring for Amber but her level of arousal had been so high ever since Mike had shaved her that morning that she would have brought herself off in the middle of the street if one of the boys had told her to. 

Amber leant back against the was with her legs spread and Mike got to work on her pussy. As had become the norm lately, Mike’s fingers had her cumming with minutes then she was walking with unsteady legs the few metres to the ice cream shop where she saw the seller man looking up and down her body.

Amber had the coins to pay in her hand which she had been clutching since before she had her last orgasm and when she opened her hand she dropped some of the coins. Cursing herself she turned and with her back to the man she spread her legs then bent over without bending her knees, She looked back through her legs and saw that the man had stopped what he was doing and was staring at her butt and pussy.

Amber took her time picking up the coins then stood and turned to face the man and smiled. The man came out his trance and got on with making the ice creams.

“That man is staring at your Butt Amber.” Lucas said as she approached the boys.

“I knew that he would do that and I thought that you guys would like that.” Amber replied. “You seem to want to take me to where there are people that might look at me.

“No we don’t,” Tommy said, “but you do seem to like being looked at Amber, why else would you be naked all the time?”

“That’s a long story that I might tell you one day but I don’t like people seeing me naked.”

All 4 guys knew that Amber was lying but they weren’t going to get in an argument with her, that could result in her putting on some clothes and the didn’t want to risk that. 

What they did do was follow Tommy who did take them through or by the larger groups of people or groups of men who were wandering the streets and then on the beach. Amber didn’t complain even once.

Tommy led them in a big circle in amongst the sunbathers then started towards the dunes. After they were clear of most of the people, they saw a few naked sunbathers and Tommy decided that it was time for Amber to cum again. Tommy led Amber to near a young man who was sunbathing naked on his own. In full view of the young man Tommy told Amber to lay on the sand and whilst he and Mike sat either side of her Noah sat between her legs and used his fingers on her.

Still in the usual timescale Amber orgasmed again.

When Amber stood up her back was covered in sand so Tommy turned Amber to face the young man then used his hand to brush the sand off Amber’s back. As Tommy got down to Amber’s butt she spread her legs and after Tommy gave up on the sand, his hand went between her legs and he finger fucked her for a few seconds, all with the young man watching.


Tommy picked a sandy hollow alongside one of the well-worn paths through the dunes, Amber correctly guessing that Tommy had chosen it to get the maximum numbers of people watching them do what she suspected they were going to get her to do.

Amber was right, much to the delight of her pussy that was very wet in anticipation, but she was disappointed that none of the guys would actually take their shorts off, all having refused her request. 

Lucas was the first and he got quite a shock when Amber lowered her pussy onto his face. Amber noticed that Lucas stopped licking her as she unfastened his shorts, got his throbbing cock out and tried to swallow it. Poor Lucas was so surprised that he blew his load down her throat within a couple of minutes. It had only been minutes since since Noah had made her cum but she still wanted Lucas to keep licking her and she told him so.

With the other 3, and a couple of naked men who had followed them into the dunes, watching Lucas kept going whilst Amber tried to revive his wilting cock.

This time it took Amber slightly longer to cum and she decided that Lucas needed some lessons in how to eat a girl’s pussy.


Amber stood up and looked around and saw that the audience was growing. She turned to Noah and said,

“Down, now.”

Noah did and Amber knelt over his face. Lowering her pussy onto his face Amber let Noah lick her slit with her still upright. Amber was expecting Noah to be like Lucas and cum quickly so she waited until she was close then leant forward and unfastened his shorts. Noah’s cock was slightly bigger that Lucas’, but not too big to get in her mouth, or her throat and as her orgasm started she went down all the way on his cock and they both orgasmed at about the same time.

When Amber got off Noah she asked him what her count of orgasms was so far?

“Shit, I forgot to count them somewhere in the village but I think that it must be 13 or 14.”

 “You think?” Lucas said, “we give you one simple task and you can’t even get that right. It’s 13 actually.”

“Thanks Lucas,” Amber thought, then said,

“That’s a record, but you’ve still got some work to do guys, on your back Mike.”

Mike did, Amber was expecting Mike to last longer so as soon as she lowered her pussy to his mouth she started unfastening his shorts. She got his hard cock out and wanked it a couple of times the let Mike really get into eating her. Then she told Mike to lift his butt and before he realised it his shorts were down by his knees. 

Amber guessed that he was too engrossed in her pussy to care so she continued removing his shorts and threw them to Tommy. Then she licked the end of his cock for a couple of seconds then her head started going up and down.

They were now in full blown 69 mode and giving each other all that they had.

Unfortunately, Mike didn’t last as long as Amber had hoped, but it was long enough for her to have cum and be starting to build up for another one.

Amber sensed when Mike was about to cum, and instead of keeping her head on his cock she backed off and aimed his cock at her face. Jet after jet of Mike’s cum landed all over her face as she wanked his cock to get every last drop out of him before she rubbed her eyes so that she could see then got to her feet.

Amber looked around and saw that the audience had grown a little and that some of them were getting quite close to her and her friends.

Undeterred, Amber looked at Tommy. He didn’t need any orders, he dropped his shorts and was on his back in seconds. Amber was 69 ing him in seconds, her eager to finish what Mike had started and hopefully get 2 orgasms out of Tommy. 

Tommy’s cock was the biggest of the 4 but not as big as the bulge in her father’s shorts which Amber was determined to get off him before long, and Amber toyed with the end of Tommy’s cock and tasted his precum then slowly lowered her head. 

Amber’s mouth was half way down his cock when her first, sorry, 15th orgasm arrived. She held her mouth steady until the waves passed then she was back at it, Tommy not even having stopped alternating between running his tongue round her clit and pushing it into her hole.

Before long Amber was cumming again then just as she was regaining some control she realised that Tommy was about to cum. She lifted her head and got a second load of cum on her face, Amber again milking the cock below her to get the last drop out of it, some of it landing on his stomach and Amber scooping it up and then licking her finger.

When they got to their feet they heard one of the men in the little audience ask,

“Is it my turn now.” 

All 5 of them just ignored the man, some of them not believing that a stranger could ask that.

Amber turned to face the guys and said,

“I’m a bit messed up, could one of you carry me down to the water please?”

Tommy and Mike looked at each other then both of them picked her up one each side of her, Amber putting her arms round their necks. What Amber hadn’t really expected was for her brothers to grab a leg each and pull them wide apart. 

Amber giggled when she realised just how exposed she was.

Mike asked Noah to grab all their things and her brothers started walking towards the sea. They went through the audience who parted for them and marched onto the beach, walked passed some naked sunbathers and into the sea where they let go of her and she went under the surface.


Head appearing out of the sea, Amber said,

“Thanks guys, that was fun, will you carry me back to the villa like that and then get Lucas or Noah to photograph us?”

Before they could answer, Amber was back under the surface and rubbing her face and chest, and Mike and Tommy were walking out of the sea talking.

When Amber walked out of the water she was smiling, she’d had a great day so far and she knew that there was more to come.


“Back to the villa?” Tommy asked everyone when they were all together. In agreement they started walking.

“Are you going to carry me guys?” Amber asked, “you keep saying that I’m a skinny little girl so I can’t weigh that much.”

Tommy stopped then the others did. He turned to Amber and said, 

“Just kidding, of course we are, we wouldn’t miss an opportunity to let the world see your baby girl’s pussy would we.”

“It’s not such a baby girl’s pussy, I’m fourteen and three quarters now,”

“And don’t we know it.” Mike added just before they scooped her up.

Amber giggled at the thought that she was about to be carried, stark naked with her legs spread wide, passing lots of strangers. She hoped that they would all be young men.”

They weren’t all young men, but it was that time of the day when young men and girls had recovered from their hangovers and were beginning to start enjoying themselves all over again, and there were groups of young men and girls wandering around. 

Tommy and Mike seemed to be heading for each of the groups and they responded usually with comments that Amber had heard before, except for one that annoyed her at first.

“Put her down, she’s only a little girl.” An older girls said.

Amber was annoyed, she certainly wasn’t a little girl. But then she thought that maybe that was why no one had complained about her nudity. Whatever the reason Amber wasn’t complaining, she was a real woman and doing things that grown women do.  

Tommy and Mike carried Amber all the way back to the villa then dumped her in the pool. When she surfaced Amber cursed her brothers but at the same time she’d enjoyed that walk even though her feet had never touched the ground.

When she got out of the pool Amber went and lay on a lounger, feet on the ground on either side of the lounger as usual.

Amber had had an exhausting day and was soon asleep. She was still there like that when her parents and Tony and Jen got back from their day out. They’d all gone round the end of Amber’s villa and all 4 were stood at the bottom of Amber’s lounger when Amber woke up. When she opened her eyes she saw all 4 adults looking down on her, legs still spread wide.

“Hiya princess.” her father said, “had a busy day?”

“Hmm, err yes, did you have a good day?”

It was Jen that answered,

“We went to this beautiful little village up I the hills, it looked like nothing had changed in hundreds of years, you would have liked it. Were my boys good to you Amber, they didn’t bully you or make you do something that you didn’t want them to do did they?”

“No, no, proper gentlemen.” Amber replied.

“Come on inside Amber,” her mother said, “you’re starting to go red you need some aftersun on and a break from the sun’ I bet that you’ve been outside all day haven’t you?”

The adults dispersed, Amber following her mother to her room where she asked Amber,

“Are you sure you’re okay Amber, you look a bit red around your vulva, those boys didn’t do anything to you did they?”

“No mum, everything is good. I guess that it’s just too much sun, I’ve been laying out like you saw me, I don’t want while inner thighs.”

“If you’re sure Amber, I can take care of any of those boys if I need to.”

“No mum, as I said to Jen, proper gentlemen.”

“Good, after you’ve had a shower put some aftersun on all over you, especially down there.”

“Yes mum.” Amber replied and thought,

“I’ll get my brothers to cover me like they do with the sunblock.”

Amber went and stood in front of the mirror and looked at her pussy, then leant back a bit and thrust her pussy forward trying to get a better look. Then it hit her, her phone, take a selfie of her pussy then look at that. Amber grabbed her phone and lay on her bed. Seconds later she was zooming in on the image of her spread vulva.

“Yes,” Amber thought, “I am a bit red and maybe a bit swollen. Maybe I should get the guys to leave me alone for a while. Hell no, that ain’t going to happen. Maybe it will just get used to all this action, prostitutes get banged dozens of times each day so their pussies must be able to cope. Maybe it’s as mum says, too much sun on it. I’ll try to keep my legs closed a bit more.”


Amber went and had a shower then went and called for Tommy and Mike to come in from the pool. Two minutes later aftersun was being liberally spread over her body. When her back was done she turned over and let them start on her front. Amber didn’t tell them not to do her pussy and they just assumed that she wanted it doing, and that they should make her cum again.

When they were done and Amber was relaxing, she again fell asleep.


It was her father that woke her after watching her rubbing her clit in her sleep for a couple of minutes. It was time to go out and eat. Amber looked out of the patio doors and saw that it was indeed dark outside.


The 5 of them ate on their own that night in one of the cafe’s that they’d been to before. As is often the case, their parents were talking to each other and the kids were talking amongst themselves and they got into a bit of an argument. When their father asked them what they were arguing about Mike said,

“The number times that Amber’s cum today. I say it’s 17 and Tommy says that it’s 18.”

“Get real boys,” their father said, “she’s probably only masturbated once before she got up this morning. Isn’t that right princess.” 

“Daddy, a good girl doesn’t talk about such things.” Amber replied.

“She’s right honey, all of you, leave the poor girl alone.”

“Thanks mum.” Amber said as she looked at her mother who was giving her a quizzical look.

Amber smiled and wondered if her mother knew that one of her brothers was right although she wasn’t sure which one.


The evening ended quite early and the whole family were on their beds by 11 pm. By 11:05 her 2 naked brothers were in Amber’s room waiting for their nightly 69s that Amber happily gave them.


Amber may have got to sleep early but her inbuilt alarm clock was set to wake her in the middle of the night and it did, although about an hour later than she had hoped.

Amber crept out of her open patio doors and headed off down the street for her nightly walk. All was deadly quiet and she soon built up some confidence in her not getting caught. She strolled down the main street, along some of the side streets, passed a couple of hotels where she could see someone sat in reception, one of which looked to be asleep, then out on a little back road into the middle of nowhere.

The air had changed from being hot and stuffy to a little cooler and fresh. Amber suddenly realised that the sun was staring to come up so she turned and headed back to the village. By the time she got to the main street there were people unloading vans and arriving for work.

Amber had just turned off the main street when a van stopped beside her and a man said something to her in Spanish without getting out of the van. 

Amber was in two minds as to whether or not to run but the mad sounded okay, and he had stayed in his van so Amber replied,

“English, no understand Spanish.” Amber replied.

“That’s okay. I speak English. Are you okay young lady? You don’t look the type to have been partying all night.”

“I’m not, I’m just out for a short walk to take in the fresh air before it gets too hot.”

“A wise move, if you’re sure that you are okay I’ll be on my way.”

Amber smiled, assured him that she was okay and the car drove off.

“Phew,” Amber thought, “that could have gone differently, I’ll set an alarm on my phone for tonight.”

The villa was still deadly quiet when Amber got back to her room so she lay on her bed and went back to sleep.

*****

It only seemed like she’d been asleep for 2 minutes before Tommy was in her room and telling her Amber to leave her pussy alone because it was his turn to shave her.

Tommy turned her over, slapped her butt a couple of times and told her to get up and into the bathroom. Ten minutes later Tommy walked in ready to shave her pussy.

Breakfast was alfresco and Amber was pleased to see that her mother was also naked.

“Where’s our neighbours?” Amber asked.

“Already gone out for the day.”

“So we’ve got this place to ourselves for the day?”

“Yes we have, why Amber?”

“Well daddy, I was hoping that you’d get naked as well. Your chance to get a bit of colour in your butt. You can tell Tommy and Mike to get naked as well, we can turn the place into a naturist resort for the day.”

Amber’s father didn’t say no and when Amber’s brothers came to eat her mother said,

“Boys, what do you think of the idea of us all being naked today, your father has already agreed to it.”

“Amber looked at her father and saw that ‘you’ll pay for this’ look in his face.”

“I guess that we could,” Mike answered, “but we might have to keep jumping into the pool.”

“There’s no need to be embarrassed about getting an erection Mike, it’s perfectly natural and with your sister being naked all the time it’s a wonder that you don’t have a permanent erection, but it’s natural so don’t worry about it.”

“But mum, you and Amber might see it.” Mike said.

“Michael, when you were little, both of you actually, you used to have erections when you were running around in the garden so it’s nothing new, girls get aroused probably more than boys do, it’s just that with girls it’s harder for anyone to know because their sex organs are on the inside.”

“So how can you tell mum?”

“I’m sure that that was covered in you sex education classes Mike.”

“Couldn’t you show me on Amber?”

“Michael this is getting silly, when you next come out of the villa I expect you to be as naked as Amber and I am, and your father will do the same, won’t you dear?”
   
“Yes love.”

Amber smiled, of course she’d seen Tommy’s and Mike’s cocks before, only a few hours before, it was her father’s that she was more interested in. Amber wanted to get a good look at the cock that she’d been teasing for the last few weeks.


Then the subject changed to what they were all doing that day. All 3 kids said that they wanted to stay there all day or go down to the beach. 


Amber was helping her mother clear-up and when she next went outside both Tommy and Mike came out, both as naked as Amber was.

“Cute little cocks.” Amber teased as both boys made a beeline for the pool with their cocks at half mast.

Amber went and joined her brothers in the pool and she suggested a game of tag and it soon became a game of tag one of the opposite sex. Of course both brothers were grabbing Amber’s tits and pussy but she now had something to grab for and when she did it was a question of how long she could wank the cock before the owner pulled away.

After a while Amber’s mother and her father came out and her father was as naked as her mother. His cock was soft and Amber wondered if her mother had taken care of a potential problem for him before they came out.

They too jumped in the pool and before long the whole family were having fun playing games.

Amber tended to hang around her father, mainly because she wanted him to get hard and then find a way to get him to get out of the water so that she could see his boner, but as it was it was usually the youngest, Amber, that had to get out to retrieve the ball.

When the game changed to keep the ball from the girls, Amber was always in front of her father waiting for one of the boys to throw the ball to him so that she she could intercept it.

That was when her father started tickling Amber to distract her but Amber took it as an opportunity to back into her father so that their bodies met.

With her father tickling her sides Amber tried, successfully usually, to get her hands behind herself and to seek out her father’s cock. Then she would fondle it and wank it a little until her father pushed her away.

The thing was, her father kept going to tickle her and she kept grabbing his cock.

Only once did Amber’s father quietly say to her,

“You shouldn’t be doing that Amber.”

But he kept tickling her and before long Amber’s hands were having the desired effect and she was grabbing his boner.


When that game ended, Amber turned to her father, put her arms round his neck, pulled herself to him and told him that she loved him. Because Amber is much shorter than her father, when her head is at his height her pussy is about level with the top of his boner, and Amber felt the tip of his cock touch her pussy.

After she had kissed his cheek Amber said,

“Daddy, I think that something is poking me where it shouldn’t.”

Her father put his hands on Amber’s hips and pushed her away as Amber smiled knowing that she had caused his hard-on and embarrassed him. 

“Revenge.” Amber thought as she turned to swim to the side and get out.

Turning to face the rest of her family, Amber said,

“I’m going to get a drink, anyone else want one?”

Amber’s mother swam to the side and got out, As the girls walked to the kitchen Amber’s mother said,

“The boys and your father will need a couple of minutes to loose their erections, I’m assuming that your father had one when your back was right against him Amber.”

“Yes mummy, it’s much bigger that Tommy’s and Mike’s.”

“If any of them try to put them anywhere that they shouldn’t you just shout for me Amber, okay.”

“Yes mummy.”


The girls got the cold drinks and went and sat at the table. After a few minutes the boys started to get out of the pool and go over for their drinks, Amber giggling to herself with a straight face.


Drinks over the whole family got back into the pool for some more games.


When the girls got out again Amber’s mother asked,

“Shall we go to a cafe for a snack then go onto the beach?”

All agreed and Amber’s mother said,

“I’ll go and get the things ready, you guys join us when you can.”

Amber again giggled with a straight face.


When her father got out of the pool Amber saw that his cock had shrunk a bit but was still bigger than it had been when she first saw it. Amber was thinking of what to say when Mike go out and asked,

“Dad, is it okay for us to put our shorts on?”

It was her mother who answered,

“Yes honey, our strange society says that it’s okay for little girls to run around naked  but for some weird reason not little boys.”

Amber thought about saying that she wasn’t a little girl but decided against it. She didn’t want to put at risk the good thing that she had going.


Amber’s mother put on the mesh bra that she’d borrowed from Amber and a half sarong that was see-through, the males their shorts and Amber just her flip flops, and off they went. 
   