Red Pixie's Jamaican Holiday
byChrisyCrossy©

Red Pixie's Jamaican Holiday Pt. 01

Hubby and I are having a fantastic Jamaican get-away! Hubby was treating me to a luxurious stay at an adults-only island resort.

We had flown into to the island this morning and, after a short journey to the resort, we had checked into a beautiful over-the-water bungalow which was located just off the resort's private island. I noticed that when we arrived in the room, the staff had arranged the word "love" made with red and yellow petals floating in the soaking tub.

I quickly got changed into one of the tiniest bikinis that I own: a Microminimus tuxedo bikini in black.

I walked out onto the sun deck wearing this small bikini and a white cotton lace miniskirt while Hubby went away to arrange a romantic dinner for later that night. I decided to use this alone time to look around this fabulous villa.

The sun deck had two levels: an area immediately flowing from the lounge and a lower level nearer the sea. There was a selection of chairs and loungers placed around the deck. I knew what sort of holiday that Hubby was wanting and why he had chosen an "Adults Only' resort. I knew we would be having some sexy fun out here soon!

I sat down on one of the chairs on the lower deck and surveyed the view of the bay. We had a small raft tethered to the deck and a chrome ladder which gave us access to the sea. All the villas shared access to an area of water that was enclosed within a safety net.

I couldn't decide where the best area was to catch the sun's rays. I had decided to remove my miniskirt and moved around the deck trying out all the furniture. The sun deck has a big fibreglass storage box which doubled as a bench seat. I thought this box would be perfect for getting an all-over-tan and I could easily see me lying naked on here later in the afternoon.

I spread my legs as I lay back on the box. My mind drifted to thinking about Hubby. I wish he would return soon as the warm sun always had this effect of making me feel horny.

I looked inside the box and found all the cushions and squabs for the deck furniture. I took out two big squabs and placed them on the two sun loungers on the upper deck level. I lay down on one of the loungers, but I wasn't happy here: the sun was shining in the wrong direction.

I moved to the stairs leading to the lower deck and lay back to catch the rays. It didn't feel all that comfortable sitting on the hard wooden steps, but at least they were pointing towards the sun.

I slid the small panels of my bikini top aside. My nipples need very little encouragement to become aroused and having them exposed to the hot sun beaming down caused them to become instantly hard. My pink areola and nipples always look great next to my fair skin. I am really proud of my firm 34C sized breasts.

I have always loved the feel of the sun on my bare skin, although I have to be careful not to get burnt. I knew I would need to put some sun protection soon as my fair skin burns quickly. Getting up, I walked inside to look for the sunscreen.

It was a gorgeous tropical day, and I was feeling hot, so I made myself a refreshing pineapple margarita. It was then that I realised that Hubby was still not returned. I thought to myself, "Where had he gone, and what was taking him so long?"

Off to the side of the kitchen area was a large floor-to-ceiling plate-glass window. I could see Hubby in the distance as he nonchalantly returned to the villa along the over-water boardwalk. I don't know what came over me, but on an impulse, I dropped my miniskirt and bikini bottom as I stood in full view next to the window. He smiled at me as I showed him my naked, aroused pussy.

Just then I realised that I was putting on a show for the older couple in the villa just down from ours. I didn't mind that they were getting a good look at me. I have recently enjoyed putting on a show for people.

I pulled my tiny tuxedo bikini bottom back up but let the lace miniskirt drop to the floor.

In the centre of the floor adjacent to the villa's entrance was a piece of reinforced glass recessed into the floor. You could look down into the sea from inside the villa's lounge. I was so horny and wanted Hubby so badly that I decided to lie down on the glass so that I was the first thing he saw as he walked in the front door. By now, all I was wearing was my tuxedo bikini bottoms.

I was laying back on the cold glass as Hubby walked in and found me waiting for him with my legs spread invitingly. Kneeling down, he peeled off my tiny bikini bottom and marvelled at my smooth, hairless pussy.

I am usually hairless, and for this special holiday, I had gotten fully waxed just two days ago. Apart from my flame-red hair, I made sure that I was utterly hairless everywhere else on my body.

Without saying a word, Hubby bent down and licked my sweet, bald pussy. Oh, I love the way Hubby licks me. He held my knees apart and lavished long, slow strokes of his tongue along my very wet slit. He started by burying his nose in my pussy and then he would move his nose up so that it rubbed over my sensitive clit.

Hubby started sucking my clit. He drew it into his mouth and then rubbed the nub with his tongue. His tongue felt heavenly on my red, puffy and swollen clit. For a few minutes, he licked and flicked at it. He stretched and tugged my ultra-sensitive clit, pulling it out with the suction of his lips.

Hubby plunged two fingers in my dripping wet pussy as he started to hum. The exquisite vibrations resonating through my clit along with his fingers gently stroking inside me pushed me over the edge.

I screamed, "Oh God! Oh God!" over and over as I came in a gigantic pulsation of ecstasy.

When I turned over, I was surprised to see that a young couple was resting on a paddleboard floating in the water underneath us. The young guy was busy licking his naked girlfriend's pussy.

The girl was staring directly at me through heavy-lidded eyes. Her orgasm erupted soon after we made eye contact.

The guy stood up, looked up at me with a wet grin, and started to slowly paddle off. His girlfriend just lay on the board, stretched out naked under his legs.

What was happening to me? In the space of about a quarter of an hour, I had put on a strip show. And now I had been bought to a fantastic orgasm in full sight of this couple. What would they think? There was a good chance that we would meet up somewhere in the resort in the next few days.

I wondered what the other resort guests would think of me.

I pulled up my bikini bottom, Hubby had not entirely removed it before his recent assault on my pussy. I grabbed Hubby's hand and lead him out onto the deck. I wanted to show off a new piece of jewellery I had bought, especially for this holiday. It was a thin gold chain that hung around my neck. The two ends of the chain had small clips that attached to my nipples.

I placed my nipples in the clips and then draped the chain behind my back I lay back on the sun lounger, my feet at the head. I have sensitive pink nipples, and today they were particularly hard. The clips held on comfortably to my nipples.

Then I did something I had wanted to try for some time. Looking seductively at Hubby, I asked, "I want to try sucking you deep in my throat," I said. "Would you like that?"

"Oh, Pixie, I want to fuck you so much," was his answer.

I reached over and pulled Hubby to me. Untying the cord holding his shorts up, I grasped his hard cock and pulled it out of his trousers. I fed his cock into my mouth, and as I was lying on my back, my throat was nicely stretched out. Hubby pushed forward gently, and his cock slowly entered my throat.

Hubby always likes me to watch him as I suck on him, so I kept my head back as much as possible and looked right up into his eyes as I continued pulling his arse towards me. This forced his cock deeper into my throat. Eventually, he was so deep in my throat that his balls were resting against my nose.

I moaned around Hubby's cock as he started to rub my sensitive, puffed nipples. He gyrated his hips as he fucked my mouth. It didn't take long for me to feel those tell-tale signs that he was ready to cum. I felt his cock begin to twitch, so I stopped for a moment picked up my cocktail drink. I took the glass in my free hand went back to the job I loved so much.

I sensed he was about to explode, I jerked my mouth off of him and aimed his spurting cock into the pineapple margarita. Hubby's cock gushed as he came in great, powerful bursts that repeated again and again. His hot cum swirled around in the glass.

I got up and knelt on the turquoise cushion on the fibreglass storage box. Hubby looked up into the sky, and we both saw that the plane that we had arrived in had taken off and was flying back to the mainland. Somehow seeing this made our holiday more real. I felt marooned on this island with my beautiful husband staying in a remote, luxurious resort.

I slipped off my tiny bikini bottom, and I lay back on the white fibreglass box and spread my legs.

"Please fuck me," I asked as I finished my margarita.

"Oh, Pixie!" was his simple reply.

Licking my lips, I gazed into Hubby's eyes and said: "delicious!"

I was completely naked apart from my sunglasses. I had dropped my bikini bottom, which had fallen down and was draped over my left knee.

Grabbing my ankles, Hubby slid me along the flat storage box. My head was resting at one end, and I ended up lying on the turquoise cushion. Hubby held my legs wide apart and plunged his hard cock deep inside me.

"Oh, that's it! Fuck me . . . hard!" I pleaded.

I was lost in the sensations of being fucked outside, in broad daylight. I didn't know or even care if anyone could see us. I was enjoying Hubby plunging his cock deep inside me too much to worry about that.

Hubby held my wrists over my head, which forced my tits to sit higher. I love the way they look when he does this to me. My calves rested on Hubby's shoulders, and I managed to cross my ankles behind Hubby's head. My whole body was tilted in such a way that allowed Hubby to plunge his cock nice and deep in my wet, willing pussy.

I looked up at Hubby as he pounded into me. I couldn't decide whether his expression was love or lust. It didn't matter: I had undergone such an incredible transformation ever since Hubby had bought me these sexy Wicked Weasel bikinis. I was really enjoying all the sex we were having, and I was amazed at how much I was enjoying showing off in front of people.

I dug my ivory-white acrylic nail extensions into Hubby's back as he fucked me. Hubby grinned at me as I did this; he enjoys feeling me grip him with my talons to give him non-verbal feedback: the harder I grip him, the more he enjoys it.

I gazed directly into his soul as he looked down at me. "I love it when you fuck me like this," I whispered. I really loved the way Hubby's body slammed down on me at each stroke.

"Oh, God. I'm going to cum again." I moaned.

Hubby's body collapsed on top of me, but he continued to gyrate his hips, filling me deeply with his beautiful, hard cock. I was able to reach up and plant a long wet kiss on his lips while still clasping his back with my nails.

Hubby quickened his pace. I could hear wet, squelching noises as his cock plunged into me.

"Oh Fuck, Oh Fuck," I screamed. "Oh, Oh, Oh," was all I could say as my orgasm overtook me. I felt my legs start to shake uncontrollably as this sensuous, warm wave engulfed me.

I moaned. "Oh fuck, I'm cumming!" I had a long series of little orgasms as Hubby relentlessly fucked me.

I breathed heavily in his ear, "You fuck me so good. Fill me up. I want to feel you cum inside me." Hubby plunged deep into me for the last time.

I know this always works and, almost as if on cue, Hubby unloaded into me as he collapsed on top of my body. Hubby let out a deep, guttural moan, "Urgh," as I felt the head of his cock press hard against my cervix. I could feel his warm seed being pumped into my womb.

He just lay there, breathless, as I felt his twitching cock continue to fill me up. I grabbed the back of his neck and gave him a long, loving, wet kiss. "I love you, Jay," I whispered.

"Love you, too. Pixie" replied my wonderful Hubby breathlessly.

A few minutes later, Hubby said, "They enjoyed the show as well," as he pointed to the older couple in the villa just down from ours. She was bent over the dividing fence has he fucked her from behind. Both of them were looking straight at us, cuddling on our deck.

The older guy screwed his eyes up, and she let out a small moan. It is evident that he was unloading his cum inside her as we looked on.


Red Pixie's Jamaican Holiday Pt. 02

DAY TWO

We had flown into to the island yesterday and had checked into a beautiful over-the-water bungalow which was located just off the resort's private island.

This was day two of a luxurious adults-only Jamaican get-away. Hubby had treated me to a fantastic island holiday.

I have poured a hot bubble bath in the spa-bath at our beautiful over-the-water bungalow.

While I was looking forward to the hot spa bath, what I really needed was to cool down. Hubby had spent the morning showing me off in the sheer, and very wet one-piece Wicked Weasel bikini in silver-sand colour. The material is called Sheer Vision and is see-through when dry!

Hubby had managed to get me all wet in this very revealing bikini and then we had walked along the resort's private beach. Let me tell you that it left little to the imagination of the other couples who greeted us as we strolled along the sand. I am sure that I received more attention due to the revealing nature of the one-piece suit.


SPA BATH

I took his advice and filled the circular spa bath that was in our beautiful villa. It had a pair of floor-to-ceiling hardwood louvre doors that opened out to a spectacular view of the bay. The turquoise blue Caribbean Sea looked so inviting. There was an area of the sea where patrons could swim that was protected with a shark net.

I poured the small bottle of bath gel into the streaming water of the bath. It made a soft sudsy covering on the warm water which I sank into. As I sat on the edge of the tub, I looked down at my bathing suit. I was shocked at how see-through it was.

Standing up again, I faced the mirror on the sidewall. Oh, my God. The wet material was entirely see-through, particularly where the fabric had stretched over my firm 34C tits. I have very fair skin, and my pink nipples and areola could easily be seen through the wet fabric.

I looked down and saw that my pink pussy was equally visible. No wonder everyone had stared at me this morning.

Let me describe the last few hours to you.


RESORT SPA

After our luxurious tropical breakfast, Hubby had booked us into a couples spa massage. He presented me this small packet saying that I should wear this today.

I got up out of bed and tried the bikini on in the safety of the bathroom. Looking at myself in the bathroom mirror, I could see that the front of the sheer one-piece looked like any regular high-cut swimsuit. I liked the way the thin sheer fabric stretched over my firm tits. My nipples could just be seen through the lightweight material, but I wanted this effect.

I slowly spun around to see what it looked like from other angles. Oh my! It showed off the sides of my breasts and, as it had a thong back, my firm butt was on full view. It was almost entirely backless with two thin shoulder straps meeting the thong very low down my back.

Hubby had encouraged me to walk with him down to the resort spa wearing just this swimsuit. Since it was early morning, we were the only people about.

When we arrived, the receptionist escorted us to the massage area. The massage area was outside in private fenced off area. There were two large massage tables under a thatched canopy. Some light relaxing Jamaican music was playing in the background.

We were told to get undressed down to our underwear and to lie on the tables with a towel draped over us for privacy. I told the receptionist that this swimsuit was all I had to wear.

She was undressing me with her eyes as she looked me up and down. "That's alright, Darling. Just take it off and get under the towel."

When I had got undressed, I noticed Hubby was already lying face down on his table under a towel. That was quick, I thought. Hubby was looking at me as I climbed up onto the bed.

"You are looking so hot, Pixie," he said as I rolled my naked body over onto my front and pulled a towel up to cover my butt. I wondered what Hubby was wearing under his towel.

Two therapists came out to join us: a young female Jamaican woman and this hot looking Jamaican male masseur. The male masseur came over to my table while the girl introduced herself to Hubby.

The woman was wearing a tight, cropped white T-shirt with the resort logo printed on the front. She also was wearing a pleated white miniskirt. I could just make out her dark nipples under the stretched white fabric.

The guy was wearing a loose singlet and baggy cotton shorts. Their white uniforms were such a contrast to their beautiful, dark skin.

Both of them had a pump bottle filled with oil held around their waists with a thin belt.

The guy introduced himself, "I'm Bembe. And I will be giving you your massage today." He pulled the towel down, so it rested on my thighs. It felt a little anxious as it felt like it only just covered my arse cheeks.

My concerns faded quickly as Bembe squirted oil into his strong hands and commenced massaging my shoulders and back. The oil felt warm, and his massage was firm and soothing.

I melted when he started to massage my shoulder and clavicles. "Oh, that feels good," I murmured under my breath. Bembe just continued his massage with long, firm strokes around my shoulders and upper arms.

I looked over at Hubby and found him staring back at me as his young masseuse was mimicking what Bembe was doing to me. She had her back to me, and I couldn't take my eyes off her long supple legs as she reached over Hubby. I noticed that her mini skirt was very short.

Bembe pulled my hair up and out of the way as he moved to massage the back of my neck. My face rested in this hole in the massage bed. Looking down at the floor, all I could see was Bembe's strong-looking legs. I was getting a little turned on looking at his smooth hairless skin. It occurred to me that he must get his legs waxed. His skin glowed.

I felt the towel moving up my body as my legs were now exposed. Bembe moved down to the foot of the table. I flinched as he started to massage my left foot. I am ticklish and don't usually let people touch my feet.

"Relax. I'll take this slowly," said Bembe in a soft, soothing voice. He was massaging the arch of my foot as he spoke to me. I could feel the knots in my feet vanish as he pressed his thumbs into my skin.

I looked over at Hubby. His masseuse was rubbing his foot as well. She held the calf of the leg she was working on upright as she massaged his foot. I noticed that she had to stretch up to reach the sole of his foot. Her miniskirt rose higher. It wasn't covering much.

Bembe placed my foot back on the table and began working on my right foot. I felt him spread my legs apart slightly. He was standing between our two tables facing me. I could see Hubby was resting his head in the face hole. My mind kept drifting as I watched Bembe's muscular thighs flexing. I loved the scent in the room. Was it just the smell of the oil?

Bembe put my foot back on the table as I felt the towel move further up my back. I felt his strong hands massage one leg. He ran both hands up my thigh and would pivot them around my buttock. Bembe then used the fingers of both hands to massage the soft tissue of my legs, bringing them back to my heel.

I was sure I could feel Bembe's fingers get closer to my pussy with each stroke in my inner thigh without actually touching anything private. I was so turned on, and enjoying this part of the massage that I involuntarily spread my legs a little further.

I was also involuntarily raising my arse each time Bembe's hands spun on my buttocks. I thought to myself, "Oh, God, was I humping the table?"

I gazed over at Hubby with heavy-lidded eyes as I hummed my approval of what Bembe was doing to me. Hubby's masseuse was doing the same thing to his legs: long slow strokes up and down his thigh, but since she was so short, she had had to bend over the table. It was then that I caught a glimpse of her naked pussy lips. She wasn't wearing any panties under that minimal skirt!

Hubby's face was still resting in this hole in the massage bed, and I don't think he was aware of the show his young masseuse was giving me.

Bembe moved in between the two tables again as he started to massage my other leg. I looked back and could see that his hard erection was showing under his shorts.

I hummed, "mmm," as Bembe caught me staring at his crotch.

Emboldened, Bembe's next sweep of his hands made the lightest contact with my sensitive, aroused pussy lips. I don't know what came over me, but I gently spread my legs, allowing him better access to my moistening lips.

Bembe asked me to turn over as he held the towel clear of my body. When I was lying on my back, he draped the towel back on my chest. I am sure my bald pussy was on full view to Bembe but, from that angle, Hubby would be none the wiser.

I gasped as Hubby was asked to turn over as well. I could see that he was naked - just like me - and it was apparent to all that he also had a hard-on. The towel could not hide the tent that his erection made. Hubby's young masseuse applied oil to his chest and started to massage him. Hubby was mesmerised by her firm tits as she leant over him to rub his chest.

As I looked up her short skirt, Bembe dragged my towel down. Oh, the friction felt exquisite as the soft cotton fabric rubbed over my sensitive, hard nipples.

Bembe poured oil onto my chest and started to massage my abdomen. He had moved to the far side of my table so he, too, would be able to see his massage partner's bare pussy as she leant over. She had her legs spread, and I could see that she was bald, just like me.

Bembe applied oil to my boobs as he rotated his hands around my soft flesh. After a while, he changed his technique and squeezed my two breasts with both his hands finishing by pinching my sensitive and hard nipples.

I let out a little gasp as this felt so nice. I looked over and found Hubby staring at me with a big grin on his face. It felt naughty to be having another man play with my nipples in full view, and seemingly consent, of my Hubby.

Bembe moved down to the foot of the table and started to massage my calf and thigh. He had folded the towel down the middle of my legs, so the other leg was still covered.

When he finished the first leg, he positioned my foot, so it rested against my other knee. He then made a start on my other leg.

When he finished, I realised he had manoeuvred my legs, so they were spread wide apart. It was then that I also noticed that there was no towel on top of me. I was lying naked on the massage table, covered with glowing oil on full view to my lovely masseur.

Bembe smiled down at me and said, "Would you like to finish with a sensual massage?"

I looked over at Hubby, and I sensed him nod slightly as he pitched in, "I think my wife would like that."

Without waiting for me to respond, Bembe took this as approval and cupped my mons Venus with one hand as I felt warm oil drizzled over my already damp pussy lips. I arched my back as it felt exquisite.

His fingers held my labia open as I felt one of his fingers rub my aroused clit. Hubby's masseuse - I still didn't know her name - had come over and applied more oil to my chest and gently caressed my erect nipples.

I felt paralysed with pleasure as I was taken to this fantastic, sensual nirvana. I caught a glance at the masseuse's chest and was surprised to see that her top was covered with oil. It was apparent that at some stage, she must have slid her ample chest over Hubby. The oil had made the fabric slightly see-through, and I could see here dark areola and hard nipples through the white cotton.

I felt two fingers penetrate my slick pussy. Bembe started to slap this hand into my pussy. With his other hand pulling my pussy lips open, my exposed clitoris was being tapped with the palm of his other hand.

I could feel a fantastic orgasm approaching as I tried to grip the side of the bed to hold on. "Oh! Oh! Oh!" I panted.

Bembe increased the tempo of this thrusts into my pussy. His fingers rubbed against my G-spot with each stroke. I was writhing on the table uncontrollably as my body reacted to this sensual assault.

The young masseuse was gently pinching my nipples as I could hear the squelchy noise from my wet, oiled pussy.

"Oh, fuck, please don't stop! Oh! Oh! Fuck!" I screamed. My orgasm overtook me as I arched my back for the last time. I could feel my taut legs quiver as my pussy clenched around Bembe's fingers.

It seemed like ages, but eventually, I had to stop Bembe. I slumped back on the table, exhausted after this fantastic treat. I looked over at Hubby and saw him slowly stroking his hard cock. Bembe said, "We'll leave you lovebirds alone now," as he the young masseuse and walked away, hand in hand.

Hubby got up and stood over me. He gave me a loving kiss as he, too, started to play with my slick pussy. "Let's get back to our room as I want to fuck you now."

"Mmmm," was all I could say.

Hubby helped me get up and handed me my swimsuit. "Shouldn't I clean off the oil?" I asked.

"No. Stay the way you are," he replied.

I slipped, literally, into my one-piece suit. I could see that the thin fabric soaked up the residue oil that was covering my skin.

Hubby had dressed into his cotton board shorts and T-shirt. We held hands as we walked back to our villa.

Just at the end of the beach was an outdoor shower. Hubby convinced me to take a quick shower. I thought that would be a good idea, so I stood under the lukewarm water for a short time. When I turned the faucet off, I did not expect to see how see-through the fabric had become.

The combination of oil on my skin and the wet fabric made the suit more see-through than before. Looking down, I could see that my tits and pussy were on full view. It seemed to be even more revealing than had I been entirely naked.

I was still feeling euphoric from this morning's massage and so was quite happy for Hubby to lead me back to our room. I vaguely remembered walking past two other couples. One couple openly stared at me as the woman whispered "nice suit" within earshot as we walked past.

The other couple, particularly the woman, did not enjoy seeing me on display like this. I suspect the husband would have stared more, had his wife not been there standing in the way to shield him from a view of me.


BACK AT OUR VILLA

So now as I sat on the edge of the bath. My fair skin, pink nipples and areola, and pink pussy were obvious through the wet, oily fabric.

I turned around and leant out of the window. It was a glorious day, and I could see some of the resort guests swimming inside the enclosed waters. I could see the catamaran charter yacht just leaving the pier in the distance.

I turned around to face the door and sank into the bath. I was so aroused that I peeled my suit away from my chest. I love having my nipples played with, and as I waited for Hubby to join me, I played with them in anticipation.

The oil must have reacted to the bubbles as I noticed that the bubbles were slowly dissolving. I took my suit off and draped it over the faucet and lay naked in the clearing water. It felt great to have the warm, tropical sun streaming in on my body.

It was then that I looked up and saw Hubby standing there naked, gazing at me with his impressive hard-on in full view. God, he looked good in the warm sun, and I knew, then, that I had an overwhelming desire for him to fuck me.

He entered the water and turned me around to face out of the window. Bending me over the lip of the bath, I let out a gasp as he impaled me on his erect cock.

My tits hung out of the window as Hubby slammed his cock into me. As he gripped hold of my tits for support, I was reminded of his masseuse's oily top. "Did you enjoy your massage?" I asked.

"Not as much as you," was his cheeky reply.

"You enjoyed your masseuse sliding her oily firm tits all over you? I said, leading him on. "Didn't you?"

"Yes," Hubby said as he fondled my nipples.

"You didn't know that she had no knickers on, though?" I teased. It seems that this caused Hubby to plunge his cock into me slightly more forcefully as he contemplated what I had just said. "As she was bending over you, I could look up her tiny skirt."

"Oh, fuck Pixie. That is so hot!" whispered, Hubby.

"She must get waxed," I said. "I could see everything," I continued. I could feel Hubby's cock swell at that thought as he rammed it into me.

"I could see that she was aroused and wet while she massaged you," I taunted. As I said this, I looked up and saw the catamaran sailing past our window. It must have been evident to everyone what we were up to. Several people were looking up at us from the deck of the boat. Hubby's vigorous fucking was making my tits to bounce around, and I had been moaning loudly.

"What was your masseuse's name?" I asked.

"Alvita," whispered Hubby. "Why do you ask?"

"I think Bembe, my masseur, and Alvita are an item," I whispered.

"Oh. Pixie" moaned Hubby in a strained voice.

"I imagine he's fucking Alvita's young, tight pussy right now," I suggested. "I enjoyed her playing with my tits."

"Oh, Fuck. That was so hot, watching you," said Hubby.

"Did you enjoy seeing me being played with?" I asked.

"Yes. It is one of the hottest things I have seen," Hubby replied. "Watching Bembe get you off in front of me."

"I want you to cum deep inside me, please," I replied. "I want to feel you fill me up."

This was enough to send Hubby over the edge. He thrust into me deeply one, last time before I felt his warm seed fill me up. "Urgh," he moaned deeply.

I came once again as his twitching cock, buried deep inside me, was sufficient to set me off.

Looking down, at least two of the people swimming in the water were staring up at me as I came down from my orgasmic high.

"Pixie, I loved seeing you in that swimsuit," said Hubby.

"I looked lewd when it was wet."

"If you don't like wearing it, the resort has a secluded nude beach we could visit later on," suggested Hubby.



Red Pixie's Jamaican Holiday Pt. 03

We had flown into a Jamaican island resort two days ago and had checked into a beautiful over-the-water bungalow which was located just off the resort's private island.

This was day three of a luxurious adults-only Jamaican get-away. Hubby had treated me to a fantastic island holiday.

Yesterday, I had felt paralysed with pleasure as I was taken to this fantastic, sensual nirvana during an erotic, couples' massage. Two young Jamaican masseuses had massaged me to a beautiful orgasm as my lovely Hubby looked on.

Today, Jay, my gorgeous Hubby, was away doing something to surprise me while I sat at the poolside bar drinking margaritas.

He walked into the bar as I finished my second margarita. "Come on, Pixie," he said. "Let's go to the resort's nude beach."

"I can't go to a nude beach!" I exclaimed.

"That's not true," responded Jay. "I know this is one of your fantasies."

"Give some more information," I suggested. "Where is the beach?"

"Alvita says that it is quite secluded, and we can only get there when the tide is right."

"Tide?" I asked. "How far is it."

Jay sensed my wavering demeanour. "It is because of the tide that makes the beach secluded for a few hours each day," Jay explained. "It's just at the end of the public beach."

"Ok, Let's take a look," I said with some trepidation.


NUDE BEACH

We found ourselves alone on the secluded beach. Jay laid out the two big beach towels side-by-side. "Come on, Pixie. Let's get naked," he said.

"You first," I said as I was still a bit nervous. Jay took off his T-shirt and then dropped his board shorts.

"Oh, my," I said when I looked up. Jay was utterly hairless on his chest and balls. I had never seen him like this, and I was slightly surprised at how turned on I became.

"Do you like the smooth look?" asked Jay.

"Oh yes," I said as I stared at Jay's gorgeous body. I could see Jay was getting hard as I focused my attention on his groin. It seemed to me as if his cock had grown even more prominent than ever, but this was totally because I could see it all. I stood next to him and rubbed his chest.

"Fuck, Pixie," gasped Jay. "That feels amazing. Your turn. Are you going to get naked?"

I was wearing my sheer vision 807 one-piece Wicked Weasel bathing suit which was slightly see-through when dry. The swimsuit particularly highlighted my tits and pussy where the fabric was stretched tightly over my body. I slid the shoulder straps off and stepped out of the suit.

"Oh my, Pixie," whistled Jay as I did a twirl in front of him. "You are so gorgeous!"

"Lie down," I suggested. Jay lay on one of the towels as he looked up at me lustfully. If Jay wasn't fully hard before, he was now. Looking up at me, he started to stroke his bare, hairless cock that looked amazingly huge.

I lay down next to him and teased his nipples. "Tell me about your waxing," I asked.

"Well, it was Alvita who did it."

"You were naked all the way through?"

"Yes. Alvita asked me to take off all my clothes."

"I bet you were checking Alvita out."

"Yes."

"Was she wearing any knickers?"

"I couldn't tell you. Alvita had her miniskirt on, but she never bent over far enough."

"You tried to look, though? Didn't you" I asked.

"Yes."

"Where did she start waxing?"

"She started on my chest around my nipples," explained Jay.

"You love your nipples being played with," I said. "Were you hard?"

"Y e s," said Jay cautiously. "That's ok. Isn't it?" he inquired.

"I suppose I'm ok with that," I replied. "After all. Alvita and Bembe played with my pussy in front of you yesterday." With that, I leant over and sucked on one of Jay's nipples as I teased the other with my fingers. Jay's breathing had slowed down, and I could see that all the veins in his cock were really swollen.

I looked up and said, "So, she waxed your pubs off next."

"Yes," hissed Jay.

"Did it hurt?"

"Fuck, yes!"

"Does it hurt now?"

"No. I had some soothing lotion rubbed in."

"She rubbed it into you. Didn't she?" I looked over and saw Jay increase the pace as he wanked his own cock.

"Yes," he hissed again.

"So, she massaged your nipples. Like I'm doing?"

"Yessss."

"And she stroked your hard cock. Like you're doing now?"

"Yessss."

"You're thinking of her now. Aren't you?"

"Well . . . yessss."

"Did you cum?"

"No!" Jay exclaimed. "She only stroked me a couple of times."

"Do you want to cum now?"

"Yessss."

With that, I leant over and sucked on Jay's nipple again while still teasing his other nipple with my fingers. I felt the tension in Jay as he stretched his legs out. He raised his feet off the towel, and I noticed that he had completely stopped breathing.

I whispered in his ear, "Cum for me,"

"Ohh."

"Shoot your cum over me."

"Ohh. Pixie," he moaned as I watched a large stream of cum erupt from his cock. He had aimed his cock at me, and some of his cum hit my face and hair. The next spit of his cum landed on my tits and forearm. Jay kept wanking himself for some time as his orgasm slowly subsided and the remainder of his cum dribbled onto his chest. Jay's arms and legs went all limp as he slumped back on his towel, and his breathing returned.

I collected his cum that had landed on my chin and sucked my fingers clean. I rubbed the cum on my arm and chest into my skin. I then reached over and massaged Jay's cum into his chest.

We lay like that for a while before Jay announced that he wanted to fuck me out in the open. He asked me to climb on top, and so I rolled over to straddle him.

"Turn around and face away from me," he instructed.

I was facing out to sea as I straddled Jay's still hard cock. He pulled on my shoulders and made me lie back on top of him. He hooked his ankles around mine and held my wrists out. I was effectively spread-eagled on top of Jay, facing up, as the midday sun streamed down on my naked body.

Jay started to flex his hips as he fucked me from behind. He wasn't very deep inside me in this position, but it felt fantastic as the head of his cock was rubbing up on the sensitive front of my vagina.

He managed to move his arms around while still pinning me where I was. I felt like I was being held in place by his cock on full display. Jay had pulled down on my shoulders, and my back was arched, which thrust my tits and pussy out. I really enjoyed the feeling of the bright sunlight on my chest and legs.

His fingers teased my nipples as he continued to fuck me from underneath. Just then I saw a couple come around the headland. To my surprise, it was Alvita and Bembe.

I squirmed about as I tried to move off Jay, but he would have none of that. He tightened his grip and increased his tempo. "I want them to watch you being fucked," he whispered in my ear.

I could feel the strength in Jay's thighs and ankles as my legs were stretched further apart. I relented any attempt to struggle as I lay my head back. I had to give in to the wonderful sensations as I was fucked on the open beach.

Alvita and Bembe walked up to about twenty metres away from us, and I watched Bembe as he stripped off his clothes. I could see that he was gorgeous. He had a fantastic physique and, what surprised me the most was, he had both his nipples pierced. He had these two, large silver rings through his nipples which were such a contrast to his chiselled, dark skin.

He slipped his trousers down and stood there looking down at me. I am sure he liked what he saw as his cock grew hard in front of me. It was then that I noticed that he was completely hairless from the head down. His chest, armpits, cock and balls, and legs were completely hair-free. His dark skin glowed in the sunlight.

Alvita spread out a towel on the sand which Bembe lay on. Bembe held his cock up as Alvita straddled him. I could hear a small moan from Alvita, and I watched her eyes roll back as Bembe's cock invaded her tight, young pussy.

As Alvita rose up. I could see Bembe's cock glisten with her juices.

Having an audience excited Jay as he increased his tempo. The head of his cock kept rubbing my spongy G-Spot. "Oh, that feels so nice," I moaned.

"Moan louder," instructed Jay.

"OH, OH, OH," I moaned in time to Jay's thrusts.

I could hear Alvita also moaning as Bembe fucked her in front of us. Seeing and hearing her being pleasured was such a turn on for me. "Oh, fuck! Don't stop. Don't stop. Don't stop," I panted. "I'm going to cum soon.

Jay began to fuck me faster. That was all it took. "Oh, that's it. I'm cumming. I'M CUMMING!" I screamed.

Jay kept fucking me hard, which made my orgasm continue. I suppose because he had cum so recently that he wasn't going to cum soon. One orgasm rolled into another as he kept up the pace.

I looked over at Alvita. I could see that she was cumming as well. Bembe was hugging her behind her back and was pumping her vigorously. She was flailing her arms about as her orgasm continued.

I could sense that Jay was close to reaching his own orgasm. He let out a little moan as I felt his cock swelling as his seed pumped into me. I wondered whether Alvita and Bembe could see Jay's freshly waxed cock and balls pumping cum into me.

Jay let go of his grip of me, but I was too exhausted to move. I just lay there on top of him soaking up the sun. Alvita climbed off Bembe who got up and went for a swim.

I rolled off Jay onto my own beach towel as I lay there exhausted. Jay reached over and spread my legs apart. I was too tired to protest. He then reached over and parted my pussy lips as well.

"What are you doing?"

"Stay like that," he insisted. I could feel cum beginning to ooze out of my pussy and onto the towel. Jay then got up and went for a swim, too.


AFTER THE SWIM

To my amazement, just then, as Jay entered the water, Alvita got up and laid her towel next to mine. She spread her legs apart. Her ankle rested over mine as she reached over and held my hand.

I really wasn't keeping track of time, and I was surprised to see Bembe walking up the beach. He looked fabulous as beads of water dripped off his skin. As he approached us two girls, Alvita raised her legs and held onto her ankles.

To me, it looked like these two had done this before. Bembe knelt and guided his cock into her waiting pussy and started fucking her hard. Alvita's legs were held wide apart by his strong arms. I watched mesmerised as I Bembe's impressive hard-on plunged into Alvita.

We were so close to each other, and I could see just how wet Alvita was each time Bembe's pulled his glistening, damp cock out. I heard squelching sounds each time he plunged his cock deep into her dripping pussy. I knew Alvita was enjoying being fucked next to me as she was now squeezing my hand in time to Bembe's thrusts.

I saw Jay walking up the beach after his swim. He looked equally impressive as water dripped off his body. I lifted my legs up to match what Alvita had done earlier, and Jay understood precisely what I wanted.

He knelt on the towel and started to fuck me in time to Bembe's pace. I love it when I get fucked like this and having the young Jamaican couple also fucking so close to us so that we touched felt naughty.

Alvita let go of my hand and reached up and teased Bembe's nipple piercings. My mind drifted to imagining that it was Bembe fucking me. Jay was looking at Alvita's firm tits bouncing around as Bembe fucked her.

Alvita was the first to cum as she let out a delightful squeal in ecstasy. She collapsed her legs down, which allowed Bembe to pick up his pace. I could see Alvita writhing about as her orgasm went on and on with Bembe's onslaught.

Alvita reached up and teased Bembe's nipples again which must have tipped him over his orgasmic edge. He let out a loud guttural moan as he collapsed on top of Alvita.

This couple lay together, embracing each other for some time. Alvita gave Bembe a long-wet kiss, and she whispered something in his ear which I couldn't hear.

Seeing these two lovebirds embracing together next to us - Bembe still had his cock embedded deeply inside Alvita - was enough to make me cum. "Oh, fuck," I moaned. "I'm cumming."

Normally me cumming is enough to set Jay off: he doesn't usually last much longer once I am having my own orgasm. This time, however, Jay had had already cum two times in the last hour, and so he was able to keep fucking me hard. I writhed about and moaned blissfully as my orgasm kept going.

I glanced over at Alvita and Bembe. They were cuddling each other, watching us fucking next to them. I am sure that Bembe was still buried inside Alvita as he lay on top of her.

I looked back at Jay and started to rub his nipples. I gazed directly in his eyes and had this fantastic feeling of connectedness as I peered into his soul. Just like Bembe, me playing with Jay's nipples was enough to make Jay cum inside me. It felt nice to feel Jay's cock twitching in my sensitive pussy once more.

Jay slumped down and rolled off me as Bembe rolled off Alvita. They both lay down with us two women in the middle. I kept my legs spread wide open and felt Alvita move her ankle on top of mine. She, like me, had her legs splayed wide open.

What Alvita did next surprised me. She rolled over to me and gave me a long, wet kiss. The two men were beginning to get hard once more with the sight of this girl-girl kissing embrace.


THE WALK BACK

We all lay side-by-side, spent, on the beach towels for a little while. Alvita then said that they both had to go back to work at the salon. She winked at me as she said they had a new couple booked in for a couple's erotic massage.

She added, "The tide has come in. If you want to get back, you will need to wade around the headland. "Otherwise," she explained, "you need to wait for the tide to go out. And that will take a few hours."

As Alvita and Bembe walked off hand in hand. Bembe held their clothes and towel above his head as I saw them disappear, naked, around the headland.

I looked around the beach and was taken by the fact that several other couples had arrived at this beach. Fortunately, there weren't too many couples there but there were a few. I wondered how much they may have seen.

Jay leant over to me and said, "Spread your legs open."

While we sunbathed, he wanted to see who would notice and look at me. Needless to say, they all looked!

Eventually, we both reached the same conclusion: it was time to head back to our bungalow. As I stood up, I felt as if I had seen too much sun. I have fair skin and burn quite quickly.

Jay offered to rub sun oil on me. This was also another opportunity to get me all fired up as he teased my sensitive areas: my neck, nipples, behind my knees and pussy. He ensured that I had sun oil rubbed in all over my body as I stood on the towel.

He passed over my sheer vision one-piece Wicked Weasel bathing suit which I put on, being careful not to get any sand caught in it. Jay put on his board shorts but left his T-shirt off.

He rolled our stuff into the towel, and we walked together to the sea. We had to wade out some distance to avoid the rocks by the headland. It was a calm day, but the fresh Caribbean water lapped up to my chest.

We managed to get around the headland without incident and arrived at the central, public beach.

Jay pulled out his small camera from inside the towel roll and started taking a few photos of me. I looked down. "Oh, dear," I exclaimed. The sun oil and seawater had made my sheer vision one-piece completely see-through; just like yesterday.

We were at the public beach, but this see-through-when-wet effect made me look even more naked than when I was actually naked. The sheer fabric became even sheerer when stretched over my firm tits and pussy mound. Everyone could see just how exposed I was and, trust me, everyone was looking.

Jay kept taking photos of me. "You're going to post those images online. Aren't you?" I asked.

"You bet."

I smooched up to Jay and embraced him. I gave him a long, wet kiss in front of all these people watching us. I felt Jay caress my naked butt as he tugged on the thong string of my swimsuit.

"I can tell you. I enjoy reading the comments people leave," I whispered. "It's a bit of a turn on for me knowing that all those people get aroused by pictures of my body."

I knew Jay loved it too. I am sure he reads all the comments people leave, and he sees most of the messages and chats that I get involved with. It's kind of like a little foreplay for us!

"Take me back to our bungalow," I said. "I want to make love one-last-time before we catch the plane back to the mainland."

"You bet," said Jay eagerly as he grasped my hand and paraded me in front of all the people on the beach.



