                                       Sex Slave
                                     By Lust 4 Life

Catherines village is captured by invaders. The old and weak are killed. The strong men 
are castrated (including Catherines new husband of only a week) and the women become 
sex slaves. Before long Catherine bears her first child but she is then sold. M+f, rp, preg.

Intro

Catherines perfect life had turned to a routine of humiliation and despair. She had been 
married only a week when the invaders came. The town had heard rumors of the coming 
of the invaders, terrible rumors, but even the most horrific rumor had been benign 
compared to the reality. The town had decided to stand against the invaders and defend 
itself. Futile. She had watched her dear brother gasping out his life, impaled on an 
invaders sword. The invaders showed no mercy. The towns people were divided into 
two groups, the strongest men and the younger women were to become slaves, the rest, 
including children, were either used for target practice by the invader archers, or used as 
human shields for the invasion of the next town. Once this group (which included her 
parents) was marched out, none were ever seen again.

The slaves were herded to the central plaza where they were divided into men (including 
her tall, rugged husband) and women. Both groups were stripped naked and held in 
separate areas. A captain of the guards came out and spoke to the prisoners. You are our 
prisoners. Our property by right of conquest. From now on your bodies, your lives exist 
for one purpose, and that is to serve us. When you are no longer useful, you will be sold 
or used as the other group was, to absorb our enemys arrows and protect our warriors. 
The women will perform domestic chores and entertain us, the men will provide heavy 
labor.

Next the invaders demonstrated a truly sadistic streak. The women are now ours to use 
when and where we please. And their children are to be our children, only. With this he 
nodded and one of the guards (a burly man) selected one of the naked women, dropped 
his tunic, and after groping the woman for a few minutes, pushed her roughly to the 
ground and mounted her, fucking her in front of the rest of the captives. Some of the 
other guards yelled encouragement to him, urging him to fuck her good, to show these 
losers how to really fuck a woman. The men of the town muttered in anger, but the rest of 
the guards kept their arrows pointed at them and while obviously seething with anger, the 
men stayed where they were and watched helplessly. After a few minutes of thrusting, the 
burly man groaned loudly and held himself deep inside her as he came, emptying his load 
in her. When he was finished, he pulled out to applause from his companions.

Obviously, if the women are to bear only our children, we cant have you guys sneaking 
in and getting a crack at them. And seeing us fucking your wives, girl-friends, and 
daughters, is going to be a constant frustration for you in your current state. The solution 
is simple, we remove your ability and desire. In other words, while we are fucking your 
women tonight, you men will have your balls cut off. By tomorrow morning you will all 
be eunuchs. The slaves, men and women, started wailing in despair. The looks on the 
panic stricken men were piteous as they looked around desperately for a way to avoid 
their fate. Catherine thought of her husband, his proud penis thrusting into her as he 
brought them both such pleasure, soon to be a docile gelding, never to enjoy a woman or 
satisfy her again.

Soon the guards started herding the slaves, the women toward one building, the men 
toward another. That night the invader men were turned loose with the slave women. 
Catherine was raped by six different men that night. The first man was a large hairy bear 
of a man with a short fat cock. As the men swarmed in, he grabbed her and pushed her to 
the ground, grabbing her breasts and roughly probing her pussy with one hand, while 
stroking himself to an erection with his other hand. Then he spread her legs and mounted 
her. He was so large compared to her, that Catherine felt overwhelmed by his presence as 
he thrust into her. It wasnt long before he pushed himself into her and she felt his cock 
pulsing inside her and she knew he was shooting his semen in her. He pulled out but 
since there were more men than women, another man immediately grabbed her. He was 
already hard from watching the previous man fucking her, and from watching all of the 
other couples fucking. This man was shorter and thinner, and had a longer, thinner cock 
than the last man. He just dove down on top of Catherine and immediately sank his shaft 
into her. It did not take him long before Catherine could feel him emptying his load 
inside her. Now she had a moment to catch her breath and see all of the other couples 
screwing. She saw several of her friends with their legs up in the air, men thrusting away 
between their legs. Next a man with a closely shaved head and a long beard, dark eyes, 
and a round belly grabbed her. Judging by the glistening moisture on his erect cock, he 
had already had at least one woman. He turned Catherine over on her hands and knees 
and without preliminaries, jammed his cock into her. As he thrust away, he leaned over 
and wrapping his hands around her, grabbed her tits and pulled on them as he thrust ever 
more rapidly into her. Soon he too jammed his hips up against her and again she felt a 
cock throbbing inside her as it spewed its potent sperm into her womb. And so it 
continued until the men were satisfied. By the end of the night cum was oozing out of her 
pussy and was caked on her legs and ass.

Through it all, Catherine could hear the screams of terror and pain from the men. She 
could image their terror watching their friends dragged before the butcher and then being 
grabbed themselves and dragged forward, to forever loose their manhood and virility. She 
wasnt sure which group suffered the worse fate  the ones sent to die as human shields 
or the men being castrated.

The next morning the slaves were again brought to the courtyard. Most of the men barely 
able to walk from their wounds. The guard captain came out, followed by men carrying 
several large kettles. Men, say a final goodbye to your balls. With that, the guards 
carrying the kettles emptied the contents into the pig pens, to the delight of the pigs 
which began gobbling up the treats as they rolled across the ground.

Life with the Invaders

Life as a slave was difficult. During the day, the women were assigned domestic chores: 
fixing meals, cleaning, caring for the animals. During the day, they were supervised by 
the soldiers and were available for their pleasure whenever and where ever they pleased. 
While she was working, a soldier might come up behind, grab her breasts, rub his crotch 
against her ass until he was sufficiently excited, and then just lift her skirt and enter her 
where they were, while the other women continued their work. She would feel the man 
thrusting into her until he satisfied himself, emptying his load in her. Or a soldier might 
point to her and tell her to follow him to some more secluded space where he would use 
her body for his pleasure. Afterwards, she would often feel the mans cum slowly leaking 
out of her, running down her thighs. The men were assigned to the more strenuous 
chores: chopping wood, hauling loads. Occasionally, Catherine would see her beloved 
husband shuffling by, dirty, worn down, dejected.

While the women were available for the men while they were performing their chores 
during the day, in the evening they were assigned to individual officers for the night. At 
this time, she was not just available for the taking. Instead, she was expected to act the 
part of eager concubine, charming the officers as well as satisfying them physically. And 
when her performance was not up to standard, the officers were quick to send her for 
motivational training.

After her daily chores were completed, Catherine, like the other women, was expected to 
clean herself up and dress to please the officer to whom she was assigned. On a typical 
night she might enter the officers quarters and dance for him, showing her body in a 
sensual, but not blatant way, using the allure of things hinted at and imagined to fire his 
interest. Legs flashing from a slitted skirt, a peek at her ass, breasts barely covered, full 
and yearning to escape, but not yet freed. She would use her eyes to entice the man, using 
a coy, sultry look Then she might kneel behind the officer and removing his robe, 
massage his neck, his back, relaxing and sensitizing him. Soon she would move to his 
front, massaging his chest. Now came the part she disliked the most. She had to talk to 
him, entice him, tell him how he turned her on and made her wet for him as she continued 
to run her hands over him and nibble his neck and chest, and kiss him, slipping her 
tongue into his mouth and feeling his in hers. In some ways, this was more intimate than 
sex, and more humiliating. It was one thing to be simply taken against your will, but quite 
another to have to pretend to want it.

Now the mans hands which had already been exploring her body would unclip her top, 
releasing her breasts and she could feel his hands squeezing them. Despite herself, she 
could feel her pussy getting wet, her body responding both to the mans touch and to her 
own words. Next she let her hand glide down to his crotch, finding his cock nestled in his 
pubic hair, balls hanging beneath. She could feel him growing, getting larger, firmer, and 
hotter as she fondled him, her touch, and the feel of her body under his hands turning him 
on. She knew that their bodies were getting ready for the ancient act of procreation, male 
and female together planting new life in the females body. Soon she felt his hands on her 
pussy, exploring her most private regions, stroking her, parting her lips, and sliding into 
her now wet pussy.

Sometimes the man demanded oral sex, sometimes he just wanted to fuck. Tonight the 
officer wanted her to warm him up some more with her mouth. Her draw tonight was one 
of the better looking men (to her): Not too tall, well muscled, clean shaven, not very 
hairy. Some of the men were rail thin, others exhibited quite a mid-section bulge. Some 
were very hairy, others sported full beards. Tonights officer sported a rather average 
length dick, but fairly large in girth. First she licked his shaft as she continued to fondle 
his balls, then she lowered her head and had to spread her lips wide to fit him in her 
mouth. She could feel his prick straining and twitching in her mouth as she pleasured 
him. Before long he groaned, Thats enough. Now I want to fuck you.

She lay back, spreading her legs wide in invitation, opening herself for him and watched 
as he crawled between her legs, prick straining in eager anticipation of slipping into her 
pussy. Come on, put it in me, fuck me good she said, Im here for you, use me. He 
brought the head to her pussy lips and she felt him running it up and down, lubricating it 
with her juice, and then he was sliding in, in, in, until he ground against her, fully 
embedded. Soon she felt him start thrusting into her, fucking her. And she felt her body 
continuing to respond to the mating. Despite herself, his stroking cock was sending 
sensations of pleasure through her body, and her body was responding, accepting this 
prick and preparing to receive its offering. Soon she was moaning and bucking against 
her partner as he thrust into her. And then she felt her pussy spasm and her body jerk as 
an orgasm washed over her. Now the officer was thrusting hard, intent on reaching his 
own orgasm and shooting his seed into her. She felt his cock start to swell and knew that 
he was getting close. Then his back arched, he groaned, and she felt a sharp pulse in his 
penis and knew that he was starting to shoot into her, that she was taking his seed in her 
womb. The officer held himself deep inside her and she felt him throbbing as his penis 
squirted shot after shot of his cum into her. Finally satisfied, he rolled off of her and 
dismissed her so she could return to the womens quarters for sleep.

As time passed, one by one, the women missed their periods and then their bellies started 
to swell. Finally, Catherine missed her period and began to feel nauseous in the mornings 
 she was pregnant. But her routine continued, both with the soldiers and with the 
officers. Finally her belly began to swell up. One day while on an errand, her husband 
passed her in a line of other slaves. She knew he saw her belly, swollen with an unknown 
mans baby.

One day, about six months after her baby was born, a caravan arrived in town. The 
masters of the caravan were black and were seeking concubines and sex slaves to take 
back to their towns. Many of the women were brought to the bargaining area and stripped 
for the inspection of the traders. They walked among the women, examining them. 
Catherine was one of the women selected and the next day she was moved to the traders 
quarters, along with a number of other women.

Further adventures of Catherine may appear in a later story.
