A Grand Adventure
by Story Guy

Chapter 24

Jess lay in bed on her back with Ann's hand on her bare belly. Jess wondered what, if anything, Ann was going to do. For a while Ann's hand didn't move, but then started to move down towards Jess's pussy. "Do you mind me getting a taste of you?" Ann whispered as her hand reached Jess's pussy.

Jess, still nervous about doing things with a girl, just shook her head. Ann leaned over, kissing Jess gently, slipped tenderly between the lower lips of her friend. Jess opened her thighs a bit more, enjoying not only the kiss, but also the magic happening between her legs. As her arousal grew Jess kissed back more and more passionately. Ann's movements intensified and Jess's pussy was responding strongly.

As Jess became more confident, she started to reach down for Ann's pussy. Ann seemed to give her one more kiss, then pulled away. Jess, hoping for more, felt she had disappointed Ann by not responding soon enough. Ann moved around in the bed, saddening Jess even more. She wanted more.

Ann turned around and crawled over Jess, facing downward towards Jess's feet. Jess's breath sucked in when she realized what Ann was doing and felt a tongue slid up her pussy lips. Although Ann had not asked, her pussy was right in front of Jess's face and her body was responding to Ann already. She had been licked before, but had never licked a girl and Jess felt almost obligated. Her tongue went out, sliding along Ann's pussy. Jess wasn't sure what to do, but hoped she was doing it right.

Ann was becoming more aggressive after her gentle start and Ann's hips pushed up as a slight moan escaped from her telling Jess what she was doing was evidently satisfactory. Jess too became more aggressive. Ann's noises became more intense as Jess, without realizing it, started to moan as well.

Jess mashed her pussy into Ann's face as her excitement escalated. Ann seemed to focus more on Jess's clit, almost sucking it like it was a cock. Jess groaned uncontrollably as Ann shoved two or maybe three fingers into Jess's wanting pussy. The intensity of the sensations between her legs made Jess stop licking. Her focus was completely blurred.

Ann continued her onslaught on Jess's now burning hot pussy shoving her tongue deep into the fleshy folds and licking away the dribbling juices, every now and then nibbling on her friends pulsating pearl, sending ecstatic shivers down Jess's spine. The wiggling fingers, not inside her body, dragged out Jess's orgasm, which erupted like the proverbial volcano. She climaxed hard, her body squirming, and sounds coming from deep within her. Finally she ebbed and slowly came down. She lay there completely exhausted and extremely satisfied.

Ann seemed to let her rest for a bit before pushing her pussy down on Jess's face. Jess knew what Ann wanted and began licking her again. Jess brought her hands up and started kneading Ann's butt cheeks, making Ann groan as she had before. Jess was inspired by her reaction. Tentatively she moved a finger to Ann's asshole and gently pushed in. Ann, at first pushed down, away from the finger, then quickly pushed up towards it, forcing it in more.

Jess was almost amused by Ann's movements. She seemed to pull away from the finger in her ass, then push back towards it seemingly unsure if she liked it or not. Jess could taste Ann's juices, now flowing freely from her pussy. She pushed her finger deeper into Ann, making Ann squirm, but not pull away. Instead she seemed to gasp.

Ann suddenly leaned up into a sitting position and pressed down on Jess's face. Because she was now more or less pinned down, Jess couldn't really move, so just pushed her tongue as deeply as she could into Ann's pussy. Ann squirmed around, pressing down on Jess. It seemed to work.

"Yesss..." Ann gasped as Jess felt Ann drool all over her chest after Ann stood up on her knees in obvious orgasm. Things were almost a blur for a while, but Ann ended up laying down on Jess again after her climax ended. They just rested for a while, both now to spent to move. Ann's tongue touched Jess's pussy again making her jump and giggle. She was far to sensitive to be licked at the moment.

Ann twisted around in the bed, positioning herself facing Jess. Both held each other, feeling the other's body pressed against theirs and listening to each other's breathing slowly return to normal.

Jess woke up to Ann shaking her. "Wake up! My parents will be here in a half hour!" Ann gasped as she jumped out of the bed. Jess, still groggy, sat up. "Get dressed! Hurry! We slept late." Ann shouted. Jess, now awake, also jumped out of bed. The two naked girls ran to their suitcases frantically pulling out the clothes they were to wear.

Jess pulled out a backpack from her suitcase and stuffed a few things into it, her shorts, shirt, and a pair of panties, along with some socks. She pulled out another pair of panties, pulling them on, and then reached for her shirt. "Aren't you going to put on a bra?" Ann questioned.

"I don't wear bras in Africa. We only take the necessities, like shorts, shirt, and my boots. Oh, panties too, of course," Jess nonchalantly answered.

"Wow! So you only have one change of clothes? That's horrid. What do you sleep in?" Ann commented.

"No one really cares what I'm wearing. The shirt and shorts aren't bad with all the pockets. I can carry lots of stuff. I usually just sleep naked," Jess mumbled, not sure what Ann thought.

"So that's why you kinda get naked in front of Ron without minding it... I guess he's seen you lots. Maybe it's not so bad. I bet it's fun to be almost naked walking around the jungle and especially seeing Ron naked," Ann giggled. Jess breathed a sigh of relief with Ann not being shocked. "So all you're going to take is your backpack? What about all your other stuff?" Ann wondered.

"I just leave it here. Someone will come, pack it up, and take it to the villa. ...and I don't walk around the jungle almost naked!" Jess laughed.

The girls finished packing just as Ann's parents knocked on the door. The four went down to breakfast. The front desk clerk called Jess over and handed her a note:

Sorry I had to leave in such a rush, but there are problems. Albert will meet you at the airport, unless I can't resolve the problem, then I will be there. Ron

The group ate, then took Jess directly to the local airport. She was to fly directly to Africa from there on a special flight. The girls said their goodbyes and promised to keep in touch once Jess left Africa.


Chapter 25 

This flight, unlike the normal commercial flights, took Jess directly to the smaller airport so she didn't have to take two flights. It was longer, but avoided staying in the city overnight. As Ron had promised, Albert was waiting for her. Customs went fast because she only had her backpack with little in it. They were quickly on the trail heading for camp. The porter who had acted as a translator was also with them and helped to carry the few supplies they had bought for the camp. 

As they walked, Albert explained the situation to Jess. It seems the temporary camp boss who took over when Ron left had "discovered" a cave that held many artifacts. Ron had known about it, but the local tribe had told him not to go into the cave as they felt it was sacred. Ron's replacement ignored their agreement with the tribe and had begun removing the artefacts. The tribe was outraged and rescinded their permissions for Ron's crew to explore. 

Ron had been trying to regain the tribe's trust and had returned everything taken out of the cave, but wasn't having much luck. The chief was furious, saying they had to go through a ritual to remove the evil spirits that the crew had awakened. Ron had only succeeded in appeasing the chief somewhat by returning everything and the chief had stopped short of declaring war on Ron and his crew, but would not negotiate anything else. 

Jess insisted on going to the village telling Albert she may be able to resolve the situation. Albert initially refused and the two argued for more than an hour. He finally relented after Jess pointed out that she seemed to have a special relationship with the chief's two children and the only option left was for Jess to try and talk to them hoping they could influence their father. 

The three cautiously approached the village, not knowing what to expect. Unfortunately they were not greeted with open arms like Jess hoped. Instead they were treated as invaders as soon as they were spotted. Their possessions were taken and the trio was escorted into the village as almost prisoners. 

The chief was angered that they were bold enough to come into the village after the sacrileges their camp had committed and, yelling at the top of his lungs, told them in no uncertain terms, to leave immediately and to take nothing but what they were wearing. In a rage he turned his back and stormed back to his compound. 

The whole time the chief was screaming at them they were surrounded by the village men almost forming a barricade around them. They could see the chief as he was standing on a sort of platform, but they could see no others save the warriors around them. As the men moved to escort the three from the camp, Jess caught a glimpse of Zuri and called out, "Zuri, Hasani!" 

Zuri disappeared for a moment and then Jess saw her and Hasani walking toward them. The guards began pushing Jess, Albert, and the translator toward the edge of camp, but stopped when Hasani hollered. Jess hadn't realized how much power Hasani had until he walked toward her, followed by Zuri, and the guards around her parted letting him walk through. 

He stopped in front of her, but at a respectable distance away. Zuri rushed by him and hugged Jess as she began talking in her native tongue. Hasani put his hand up and Zuri immediately quieted. Jess, knowing the situation, pointed to Albert and the translator, then spoke, explaining they could talk through the translators. The two men relayed the message to Hasani. He nodded, then pointed to the area where the feast had taken place, turned and walked toward it, saying something. 

The men translated indicating he was willing to talk and suggested the area he was heading toward. To say the least, Albert was impressed that Jess had gotten further than Ron had and told her so. She had done it in about 5 minutes. Hasani positioned the guards around keeping the villagers away from them. 

Hasani and Jess talked for about an hour with the aid of Albert and the translator. Zuri occasionally made a comment, but, aside from that, let Hasani do most of the talking. Jess learned that her team had desecrated a sacred cave, held in high esteem by the village people. He explained that in order to set things right again they had to do a purging and unfortunately it would involve Zuri extensively. She was to be a "vessel of lustration" and would have to take the evil of the village into her body, then be cleansed of it under the sacred waterfall. 

Upon questioning, Jess was told that Zuri would have to have sex with all the men in the village. Their excretion would hold the evil. Once she is cleansed, the evil would be gone. When asked why Zuri, Hasani explained that it had to be a girl from the royal family and Zuri was the only girl. Jess now understood why the chief was so furious. 

"No, not Zuri! I will do it. You can make me part of your family. I have already worn your colors. My people desecrated your holy cave. I should be the one to cleanse it," Jess countered. Once Albert heard that he protested before even translating. "I am old enough to make my own decisions!" Jess told him. "Look, the entire project depends on it. As it is now, all is lost. I can change that. Please, just translate what I said. I want to help and this way maybe I can save the project. There's a lot riding on it." 

Albert still protested, but Jess stood her ground firmly and he finally relayed the message. Hasani pondered Jess's offer for a moment before replying. He told her, via the translators, it was possible, but very unusual. He stood as he told the group he wanted to check with one of the tribal elders, then left. 

Jess thought he would return shortly, but that was not the case. She thought it was over an hour before he returned. Hasani proceeded to explain that he talked to the elder, then to the high priest, and finally his father. The chief was reluctant at first, but Hasani had succeeded in convincing him. He would adopt her, making her part of the royal family, then she could take the role of "vessel of lustration" and that the adoption ceremony would take place immediately and the cleansing the following day. 

Hasani then explained the adoption procedure. Jess would be brought before the chief. She had to take off all her clothes, symbolizing her leaving the "outer world", and then request the chief to become her father. Jess, for all practical purposes, had no father, so that didn't bother her, but she asked about her mother. Hasani assured her she would still have her mother and the adoption would not affect that. 

He also stated that the ceremony would take place before the entire village. Albert again protested, but Jess, even though she was nervous about being naked in front of all, told him she was fine with it. She had already been topless in front of everyone and the following day's ritual would expose her anyway. Hasani added only villagers would be allowed to witness the ceremonies, meaning Albert and the translator had to leave. 

When Albert pressed about the language barrier he was told no translators would be necessary. The ritual was standard and everyone would know what to expect, even if they did not understand Jess's responses, they would know what was said, and he would answer any of Jess's questions before the rest of her party left in the morning. For the evening Albert and the translator would be confined to a hut, under guard. 

For the next hour Hasani explained the two ceremonies, what Jess was to say at the adoption ceremony, and what was expected for the morning ceremony. Albert continued to protest, but Jess finally told him she was in charge. His job was to keep her safe and she was quite safe in the village, he worked as a camp manager, not her manager, and she was paid by the university and Ron, not him. He worked for Ron and she was his assistant so he also worked for him. Albert finally relented. 

Once Jess understood everything, Albert and the translator were brought to the hut where they would stay. Hasani escorted Jess to another hut where a very excited Zuri was waiting for her. Although Jess could not understand what Zuri was saying, it was obvious she approved of Jess becoming her sister. The visit was short and both Hasani and Zuri left. 

The group ate, then took Jess directly to the local airport. She was to fly directly to Africa from there on a special flight. The girls said their goodbyes and promised to keep in touch once Jess left Africa. 

It was only a few minutes later the door opened and a man motioned for Jess to come. She was led to the village common area where all the villagers were gathered. The circle of villagers parted giving the man and Jess an opening to enter. As expected, the man said something in his native language, then pointed at Jess. 

She was nervous, but at the same time pleased. Knowing her part, Jess took her clothes off, piling them on the ground beside her. Once completely naked, making her blush slightly, she walked across to where the chief was sitting and Zuri and Hasani were standing behind him. "I wish to join your family," Jess said, even though she knew no one could understand her, then lay face down on the ground in front of the chief. 

The chief stood and walked to Jess. He reached down and indicated to her to stand, which she did. He slowly walked around her, examining her, then motioned to Hasani and Hasani did as the chief had. Hasani and the chief had a short "conference" ending in Hasani nodding. The chief then motioned to Zuri. 

Zuri approached carrying a red sarong. She wrapped it around Jess's hips and stepped away. The chief then nodded and turned Jess to face the villagers, who all cheered. Jess was now a member of the royal family.


Chapter 26 

During the evening there was a celebration in honor of Jess becoming a member of the royal family. All seemed happy and, for a while, Jess forgot what was to happen the next day. Albert and the translator were allowed to join in the festivities and stayed close to Jess, translating for her. As the celebration ended people wandered back to their huts and Albert and the translator once again were confined to a hut under guard. 

Jess spent the night with Zuri, but didn't really sleep much knowing what was coming. Jess was nervous. She realized what she must do and was comfortable with her duty, even though afraid. Zuri seemed concerned as well. She showed Jess one of the cigar-shaped objects, which Jess recognized. Zuri also showed her a vessel with the ointment that they had used before as a lubricant. 

The following morning Jess was led to a hut where there were a few women to prepare her for her ordeal. They washed her meticulously, dried her off, then painted her complete body with a sort of white paint, leaving her head and pussy unpainted. She thought it strange her head was not painted until the women produced what looked like a bird costume. It had a head covering, wings, a back part, and a tail which looked like it rose up from her waist and was all white. 

The women helped Jess put on the bird outfit. The wings had a bar holding them spread out and Jess's arms were strapped to the bar. There was a belt that went around her waist, holding the outfit to her body as well. Once in the costume, Jess realized the only thing covered, aside from her head, was her back. Nothing was covered on her front and below her back, the tail part lifted, exposing her ass. Everyone who saw her would see everything she had always tried to hide. 

With the head covering on Jess couldn't see, but heard Zuri say, "Jess," and felt her take her hand. Jess had no choice, but to follow Zuri's lead. Zuri lead her out of the hut to a waiting cart. Jess had a little trouble stepping up onto the cart, but managed. Zuri put Jess's hands on what felt like a bar probably at the front of the cart. Although Jess couldn't see them, the cart was pulled by 8 men and 2 older boys, all in black costumes, but all dressed differently. All were bare in front and some displayed bare asses while some were covered. These 10 were the ones chosen to "deposit the evil" into her body by each fucking her. 

The people of the village lined to route to the sacred cave, but none made a sound. Once at the cave, Jess was helped off the cart and heard Husani speaking. He spoke for maybe 5 minutes, then reached out for Jess's hand, whispering her name so she knew it was him, then guided her into the cave. 

Once in the cave, Jess felt her headdress being lifted enough so she could see. Zuri was in front of her and put her finger to her lips signaling her to be quiet. She showed Jess a bowl of water with the cigar-shaped thing in it and the vessel of ointment, then put her hand on Jess's back. Jess bent over and Zuri moved behind her and she felt the object being pushed into her pussy. It made Jess smile knowing Zuri was trying to care for her. Jess then felt what she thought was a slippery finger push into her ass, pull out, then back in with what she thought was more ointment. 

The whole time Zuri was tending her, Jess heard a man leading chants outside the cave. Her eyes adjusted to the darkness and she also noticed what looked like an altar of sorts in front of her. The chants stopped and Zuri quickly pulled down Jess's hood and scurried into a dark part of the cave. The man who Jess had thought had led the chants said something to Hasani. Jess felt a hand on her back and heard Hasani whisper "Jess" evidently trying to tell her it was him. 

Jess stepped forward and felt the alter at her hips. Hasani gently pushed on her back, so she bent over the alter. She felt the hand pat her, then move away. The next thing she knew was the bar in her wings was seemingly tied down, pinning her bent over the alter. Her feet were pulled to the sides and she felt ropes tying her feet spread apart. It frightened her, but didn't surprise her. The village men were going to have their way with her and being tied down seemed part of it. Her position opened her pussy to whoever may want it. 

Silence fell upon the cave for a few moments. Strangely being tied down in such a position seemed erotic to her. Jess thought she heard someone walk in and the chant man said something, She felt a hand touch her back and more was said, then the hand left her. Jess sensed someone behind her, then touch the back of her legs and she felt what she assumed was a cock push into her pussy. 

No time was wasted as the man immediately began to fuck her hard. Jess gasped at the intensity. She had hardly become accustomed to the intrusion when she felt the cock pulsating indicating he was cumming in her pussy. The man grunted, his movements became erratic, and he pushed deep inside her, depositing what was perceived as the evil within him. 

The chant man said something as the man backed away from her, pulling his cock from her body. Again there were a few moments of silence before the chant man spoke again, similar to what he had said when the first man came in. As before Jess sensed someone behind her before a cock slid into her now well lubed pussy. 

She knew what to expect this time. Of course Jess expected to get fucked, but the newness wasn't there this time. The cock in her pussy seemed a bit bigger even though she was lubed more and the man didn't seem quite as intense as the first. Jess was surprised and pleased when her body began to respond to him. 

He was slower, but produced more intense sensations at the same time. Her hips tilted, offering her pussy to him. Slowly he was dragging the orgasm from deep within her. Her mind focused on her pussy. The man started to speed up, urging her excitement. She was close... so close now. 

Suddenly the man pushed into her hard and his pulsating cock told her he was cumming. He slowed, then stopped pumping. She wanted to scream out for him to keep fucking her, but his cock slipped out of her body as he backed away leaving her still wanting. The chant man again spoke as he pulled away, then went silent for a moment, before seemingly announcing the next man. 

Jess waited for the next cock to bury itself in her hot pussy knowing she would finally climax. She gasped as a cock touched her rear opening, then pushed in. Jess pulled against the bonds that held her in frustration. "What is he doing? Not there! My pussy! OMG, he's really doing it," she thought to herself. It was by far not the biggest cock to go into her ass and she knew she could handle it quite well. She sensed it was one of the boys. She had been told there would be two boys. In her current state, she just needed a cock. It didn't make much difference where it was. 

She relaxed again as her orgasm came to the forefront. Suddenly the boy grunted and Jess felt his cum being shot into her. If only he had waited maybe a few more seconds she would have climaxed. The chant man made his announcement again as the boy backed away from her, then announced the next in line. Jess hoped it would be her ass again as she was more than ready and willing to be ass fucked. 

Her eyes opened wide even though she could not see anything as what felt like a massive cock entered her now tender pussy. As he pushed into her, her pussy almost seemed to cry out in pain. That triggered her orgasm. Her body convulsed as an orgasm overwhelmed her even in spite of the pain. She couldn't stop squirming as she seemed to climax her brains out. Quickly everything turned black.


Chapter 27 

Jess wasn't sure how long she was out for, but she came to with her body being jarred and a cock buried in her pussy. Her mind was still a little foggy, but her body was well aware and responding to the situation. A second climax was coming fast. Before her body exploded she felt the cock within her pulsating and knew she was being filled with yet another load of cum. 

As the man backed away from her Jess was aware of cum drooling out of her pussy, but there was nothing she could do about it, nor did she really care. She impatiently waited for the next cock to push her over the edge. 

Once more the chant man said something and another lined up behind her. Jess unconsciously tilted her hips, inviting the man to push into her pussy. Legs touched her legs. She held her breath waiting for his cock. Jess gasped when, instead of her pussy, a cock rammed into her ass, stretching it more than the first time. 

The load of cum left by the first ass fucker lubricated her more and this one, even though larger, slid into her easier. Jess's body was beginning to tire, but still had more in it and welcomed the anal invasion. She could feel her orgasmic volcano stirring. As the boy, she assumed, began pumping his cock into her ass, Jess felt her eruption begin. 

Her body exploded with its second orgasm sending her into ecstasy again. She rode the rough sea of climax; her body seemingly tossed around like a small boat in a storm. The boy shot his seed into her ass, soothing the burning sensation she was now feeling. He continued pumping, pushing his cum even deeper into her. 

Her climax faded and he finally backed away, pulling his cock from her body. She was getting sore now. Her body went limp, but with the ties on her legs and with her arms strapped to the wings, which were also tied down, bending her over the altar, she was held in position. Jess had lost count, was exhausted, and now sore. The chant man announced another man. 

Jess could feel cum dribbling down her leg as another moved up behind her. A cock shoved into her sloppy pussy, making her grunt. He began pistoning his stiff member into her pussy, but her body didn't respond. She was spent. Her body jolted every time he pushed into her. Jess just lay there, waiting for him to cum. The few minutes it took him felt like hours. He finally made his deposit and pulled out. 

She hoped he was the last, but the chant man again announced another. Jess held her breath. She just wanted her ordeal to be over. Her pussy was sore, over-stimulated, and she wasn't sure if she could take another. She already knew there were only two boys and they would take her in the ass, so she expected this one would pierce her ravaged pussy again. 

Jess was aware someone had positioned himself behind her. She gasped when a cock pushed into her sore ass. Fortunately he felt smaller than the others, but that didn't help much. It felt like a red hot poker was being rammed into her. Even though it was a small one, it still burned. 

The owner of the cock was enthusiastic as her ass was fucked almost with a vengeance. Jess could do nothing but accept him even though her body objected violently. Her ass seemed to burn even more as he continued pumping. He didn't last too long and pumped his cum into her already overflowing body. Jess collapsed down as he pulled out of her even though she couldn't really change her position. 

The chant man said something different this time. Suddenly Jess felt the ties on her legs loosen and her arms, attached to the wings, also felt looser. She was flipped up into the air by at least 5 men, one on each arm and leg and one under her back. They carried her, belly up, out of the cave. Her legs were held wide apart and she was aware the cum was flowing out of her pussy and ass as she was carried out. 

She didn't have the strength to hold her head up, so her head was upside down at the now cheering crowd. It sounded like the whole village, including children was there, all looking at her just fucked pussy and ass with cum drooling out of her. She was too exhausted to care though. 

Jess wasn't sure where she was carried to, but the sound of her carriers stepping into water and her body lowered onto what she guessed was a raft of sorts told her she was about to get washed up. Her legs on the raft were still wide opened, but she didn't have the strength to close them. She rationalized all had already seen her anyway, so why bother. 

The water felt refreshing to her; not too cool and warm enough to be comfortable. “Jess” she heard a whisper and recognized it to be Zuri, making her smile. A hand touched her hand comforting her as well. Jess could hear a waterfall getting louder. 

The next thing Jess felt was her costume being loosened and her headdress being pulled off. She looked around and found she was behind a small waterfall. Even though it was shaded, it took a moment for her eyes to adjust to the light. Her body was lifted off the raft and the same women who had attended to her before began to wash her. Zuri cradled her head as they did. 

The women washed her body with cloths as she floated in the water. The white paint dissolved into the water, revealing her skin again. Jess winced as fingers probed her sore pussy and ass, obviously washing out the cum. "Shhh..." Zuri comforted as fingers pulled her pussy lips open and water was pushed in. What normally might have felt good didn't because she was so sensitive right now. Her ass cheeks were also pulled apart and her ass cleaned out in a similar manner. 

Jess was finally clean, even though still exhausted. The women placed her back on the raft, this time having her kneel, and, as a group, guided her through the waterfall with Zuri leading. As she cleared the fall, Jess saw the shoreline of the small pond lined with the village people. They immediately began cheering. 

The raft was pushed to the shoreline and the crowd of people opened up a pathway to the waiting cart. Jess, still quite weak, was helped onto the cart, still completely naked. Some men picked up a rope attached to the front of the cart and Jess was pulled into the village. The villagers followed her, cheering like she was a celebrity. As much as that pleased her, it still embarrassed her that she was naked in front of all. 

The cart stopped in front of the chief, who was seated. He stood and walked to the cart, holding out his hand to Jess. She took it and stepped out of the cart. He walked around her, studying her, which further embarrassed her. The chief smiled. He then waves off the crowd and said something to Zuri. Zuri took Jess's hand and walked toward their compound. 

Zuri led Jess to her hut. Jess was grateful as she wanted to rest now and sat down on the mat she had slept on the night before. Zuri picked up the vessel of cream she had used on Jess, but Jess shook her head. She was still sore. Zuri nodded in insistence, put the vessel down next to Jess, and placed her hands on Jess's knees applying a slight pressure to part them. 

Jess reluctantly complied knowing Zuri was trying to help her. Jess's legs fell open and Zuri edged between them. She looked at Jess's red, raw pussy, dipped her finger into the cream, then gently began rubbing it onto Jess's pussy. It hurt to be touched, but the cream eased the soreness somewhat. Zuri got more cream on her finger and then pushed the covered finger into Jess's well-used love canal. Jess winced, but Zuri again dipped her finger and repeated the procedure. 

Zuri then indicated for Jess to roll over. As embarrassing as it was, the cream seemed to help her pussy, so Jess turned over, presenting her raw asshole to Zuri. As she did before, Zuri applied the cream. It was soothing to Jess even though her face turned red. It hurt when a finger pushed into her rear opening though. It was obvious to Jess that Zuri was trying to be gentle. 

Zuri finish up quickly, wiped her finger off, then almost seem to tuck Jess in wrapping her in a blanket and easing her down. Jess quickly fell asleep under the watchful eye of Zuri.


Epilogue 

Jess awoke the next morning somewhat rested, but still the day before had taken its toll on her body. Surprisingly she wasn't that sore. She was still exhausted though. Zuri was still watching over her and gave her a red sarong to wear, signifying her as part of the royal family. Jess put it on, but was still topless as most of the women in the village. She and the rest of the royal family ate breakfast. The chief appeared pleased with Jess, but unfortunately they couldn't talk because of the language barrier. 

After eating Albert and the translator were brought in, still with their hands bound. Jess convinced the chief to untie them saying they were not the enemy and were her friends. She proceeded to negotiate an agreement where the research team could stay and assured the chief nothing in the cave would be touched and the researchers would not even go near it. 

Once everything was settled, Jess changed into her shorts, shirt, and boots and the three left the village and went to their camp, which they found almost deserted. Jess went to her tent and fell asleep. She was awakened by shouting and found Albert and Ron in an argument. Ron was furious and was blaming Albert for what happened. 

Jess immediately ran out of the tent, approached Ron, and told him it was her decision and Albert had nothing to do with it. Ron was unmoved by her confession and continued yelling at Albert accusing him of failing to protect Jess and even endangering her. 

The rage in Ron continued to rise until Jess, in desperation, dropped her shorts, baring herself from the waist down in front of all, and screamed at Ron, "You think I was in danger? Spank me! Remember, you are saying that the daughter of the chief is not safe in the chief's own village!" As she turned and bent over, she added, "Go on, spank me. Maybe it will calm you down and you'll listen!" 

Jess's action had her expected results and the argument immediately stopped. Ron asked her to redress, but Jess refused until Ron agreed to go to the tent and calmly talk to her. His protective nature of her made him agree and the two talked for an hour or two before Albert was asked to join them. An hour later things were finally worked out and the terms of Jess's agreement with the chief were disclosed to Ron. 

He was impressed at her observation that only she and he were paid by the university and couldn't avoid agreeing that she was second in command of the camp. It changed the dynamics of their relationship. Jess gain a new respect not only from the crew, but also Ron. She changed from the "little girl" that started the expedition, to a boss, in a sense. 

It took a week or so, but Jess's and Ron's sex life resumed as well and was even better than it was before. He seemed to realize she wanted sex with him and he was not "taking advantage" of her.

