A Taste of Miley's Medicine
by Ruff Wanderer

Miley Cyrus strutted into the club, wearing a mesh, netted tee shirt that was completely see through exposing her braless breasts without quite revealing her nipples. The shirt also stopped well above her belly button exposing considerable midriff. Her pants, well if they could be called that were basically just white panties and her toned stomach and legs glowed as they were illuminated by the splash of lighting in the club. A typical outfit for the atypical girl, Miley was ready to have another fun night partying. Two large bodyguards accompanied her and a couple of her friends who she made sure weren’t as attractive as herself so she could get all the attention. As soon as she had walked in all eyes were immediately on her. Miley lived for this kind of attention as she scanned the room noting the lustful eyes of both men and women alike. She loved pushing boundaries, exposing her sexy body without revealing everything completely. Miley always was the center of attention, she had to be and would settle for nothing less. The lustful gazes seemed to penetrate her very being, and Miley not only relished it, it quite frankly turned her on. With a yell Miley bounded onto the dance floor, twerking her ass on the first guy she saw as everyone cheered and the music blasted. This was what she lived for. 

Sarah stood there watching her supposed “friend” grind up on some random guy with her tits and ass hanging out. 
“What an attention whore!” she thought.
Sarah knew Miley only brought her along because she wasn’t as good looking. At least that’s what Sarah thought, but really Sarah was attractive in her own way. A brunette, she was thin but toned. Sarah had small but perky breasts and a tight little ass to complement long legs but she often hid herself in modest clothing. At the moment Sarah was wearing a plain looking tee shirt over a pair of jeans, and this was at one of the premier clubs in the city. The thing people found unattractive about Sarah was, well her shyness and modesty. Shaking her head, Sarah glared at Miley and something happened in Sarah’s mind. She wasn’t going to stand for this anymore, always being in the background watching her promiscuous friend steal any guy she had her eyes on and basically ignore her at the parties they went to together. Tonight, Sarah was going to get revenge tonight Sarah would get her payback. It was time to give Miley a taste of her own medicine.


A Taste of Miley's Medicine 2

Sarah continued watching and waiting. She needed Miley to keep drinking until she would be easy enough to control. Sure enough the time had arrived, and as Miley took another shot (a body shot off some half naked chick) Sarah made her way over to her “friend.”
“Heyyy Miley! You see that guy over there, he wants to dance but, well uhm… He said he wants you to dance with him… topless.” Sarah lied pointing to the best looking guy in the club.
“Haha, I’m close enough now.” Miley giggled. With that she pulled her shirt up exposing two perky breasts to the guy Sarah had pointed to, and… the rest of the club. Miley’s surprisingly large nipples pointed out dangerously as she jiggled her breasts tantalizingly to the crowd. The place went crazy as everyone cheered her on, but Miley stopped there as she pulled her shirt back down. Sticking her tongue out she swayed to the dance floor again, and made her way over to the guy Sarah had pointed out. They began dancing but nothing more. 

Sarah shook her head, her friend was definitely drunk, as promiscuous and slutty as Miley tended to be she would never have showed THAT much sober. Sarah was going to have to work harder to humiliate Miley and she figured there was an easy way to do it. Sarah followed Miley onto the dance floor and without warning grabbed the sides of Miley’s pantie shorts and pulled… nothing happened. Sarah pulled again but the shorts wouldn’t budge. They must have been too tight, and Miley whirled around to face Sarah.
“Oh! Sarah what are you doing! You want to dance with me?” Miley slurred with a mischievous grin, sticking her tongue enticingly out again.
Before Sarah could respond Miley began grinding and shaking her ass all over Sarah while Sarah awkwardly stood there not knowing how to respond. At this point people were watching entranced by this sexy celebrity rubbing up onto a seemingly random girl. 
Leaning over, Miley whispered into Sarah’s ear, “I know what you tried to do, pants me in front of everybody. I don’t know what’s gotten into you, but I kind of like it.”
With that, Miley grabbed the shocked girl’s head and aggressively began making out with her. Apparently Miley was more intoxicated than Sarah had thought, and the next thing she knew Sarah felt Miley’s hands reaching under her shirt. With a snap, Sarah felt her bra come lose and Miley pulled it away before Sarah could react. Then Miley spun around, and pinned both of Sarah’s arms behind her while raising her white tee shirt over her head leaving Sarah immobilized and exposed. The crowd watching went nuts at the sight of Sarah’s pale toned skin and breasts being revealed. Sarah’s small breasts jiggled slightly as she struggled and her pink, smallish nipples sprang to attention. Finally Sarah broke free of Miley’s grasp and pulling her shirt down ran to the bathroom crying tears of shame and embarrassment. 


A Taste of Miley's Medicine 3

Sarah opened the door of the bathroom, running from the laughing crowd behind her. Unfortunately in Sarah’s rush to get out of public view she failed to notice the wet floor sign and fell forwards in a puddle of water. With a yell, Sarah got up and saw her reflection… her white t-shirt had become almost transparent. The wet shirt clung to her breasts and nothing was left to imagination. Sarah began sobbing and the one hand dryer in the bathroom was out of order. 
“This was all that slut Miley’s fault!” she thought angrily.
Sarah comforted herself by trying to scheme up a way to get Miley back. Finally she came up with a plan and gathered herself and headed back out to the club with both her hands covering her breasts. Nobody seemed to notice Sarah as she slunk out of the bathroom as everyone had gotten back to partying and dancing, but Miley looked over and saw Sarah coming out. 
Miley made her way over to Sarah and said, “Hey Sarah! Look, I am sooo sorry for doing that its just… well you tried to pants me and I wanted to get even but I took it way to far. If it counts for anything you’re a real good kisser.”
Sarah fake laughed and pretended everything was okay. She headed over to the bar with Miley and they both began drinking together. 

Sarah in her now more intoxicated state had forgotten about her wet t-shirt and she had stopped covering her chest. She was carelessly exposing her breasts unknowingly to anyone who looked and despite their diminutive size; they were still sexy and suited Sarah’s physique perfectly. Oblivious of her revealing state, Miley decided to point it out.
“Sarah. Sarah what happened. You can see your boobies.” Miley giggled.
“What! Oh my…” Sarah gasped, blushing as she covered them with her hands. 
Miley laughed as she grabbed Sarah’s arms and pulled them to her side.
“Oh forget it, everyone’s already seen them, and I think they’re cute.” 
Sarah relented, and let her arms rest at her sides exposing her breasts for all to see. 
“I’ll let you in on a secret… I’m an exhibitionist Sarah. I like to be exposed, close to naked in public. Heck, part of me wanted to do that VMA performance nude!”
Sarah wasn’t surprised to hear anything Miley had just told her. It was obvious she got off from exposing herself, and now was the tie to take advantage of Miley’s increasingly intoxicated state (of course Sarah was ignoring the fact that she was becoming increasingly intoxicated as well.)
“Why don’t you do it Miley? Strip naked here. Or at least go topless. I dare you.” Sarah said with a grin.
Miley took a deep breath, nodded and walked onto the dance floor.

Sarah couldn’t believe her eyes as Miley proceeded to grasp the bottom of her shirt and pull it off of her body completely and wave it around her head. Miley’s boobs were now out, and jiggling wildly as she waved her shirt around. People noticed and everyone started cheering, and camera phones were being pulled out. Its not everyday a celebrity is topless, in basically white panties in public. Miley’s large, hard nipples contrasted nicely with her milky skin. The scene was simply erotic. But everything seemed to change at once when a camera phone flash went off. It was as if the flash snapped Miley out of her drunken and horny haze with the realization that people now had pictures and videos of her breasts. Miley began struggling to put her shirt back on but before she could get it down over her head, Sarah stepped in and pulled the shirt away leaving Miley on the center of the dance floor topless. Miley tried reaching for her shirt causing her breasts to bounce, but Sarah dodged her with ease. Miley not knowing what else to do, covered both breasts with her arms and her face blushing.
“I thought you liked showing off your body Miley? You’ve had this coming for a long time.” Sarah announced. 
And with that Sarah threw Miley’s t-shirt into the crowd and grabbed the waistband of Miley’s pants and pulled with all her might. 
“Noooo! Stop please, I’ll be naked!” Miley cried.
Her pleas were ignored as her pants fell to the ground and were pulled away from her feet. Miley’s shaved pussy and ass were now completely exposed. Miley screamed and didn’t know which parts to cover, which only served to prolong her exposure. The crowd was getting awfully close now and some hands were even copping some feels. Miley felt her ass slapped and squeezed, and even her nipples tweaked. She stood there with an arm over her breasts and a hand between her legs, not knowing what to do. Finally two big men stepped in and it was Miley’s two security guards. They pulled her away from the crowd and dragged the naked Miley Cyrus out to her car. People in the street witnessed the naked, and jiggling star being thrown into her limousine as it sped off. Sarah’s work was hopefully finished.


A Taste of Miley's Medicine 4

The droplets of water ran down Miley’s body as she stepped out of the shower and began to dry off. Looking at herself in the mirror, she glanced at her smooth stomach and lifted each one of her breasts, admiring them. With a sigh she went into her room and began to get dressed. She loved the way she looked and she loved showing it off but after what had happened the other night with Sarah stripping her naked in front of all those people, she just didn’t know how to feel. Sure she had done risqué photo shoots where she had even shown her nipple but to her that was art, this was just indecent. It wasn’t on her terms, and she didn’t like that feeling of vulnerability and exposure that she had gone through that night. People laughing, taking pictures and some having the audacity to even touch her! She shuddered at that thought as she pulled on a pair of jeans over her panties. Sarah, it was all Sarah’s fault. She thought Sarah was supposed to be her friend! That b**tch was just jealous of the attention Miley got over her, and Miley wasn’t going to let what had happened go. No, Miley smiled as she began planning on how to get back at Sarah, her former friend, the girl who had shamed her publically. 
Sarah yawned as she rolled out of bed. Looking at herself in the mirror she sighed, she really didn’t like the way she looked. She felt like she was too flat in both departments (in actuality they were pretty nice and flattering on her figure) and too plain looking. If only she looked like her friend, well maybe former friend Miley. Miley, Sarah felt bad about what had happened the other night, though she didn’t regret doing it. Miley had it coming and Sarah felt that she honestly deserved being exposed like that. The girl was pretty much asking for it anyways. Shrugging, Sarah figured that Miley probably wanted nothing to do with her anymore anyways and she was surprised at how sad she felt over that thought. Sarah actually had liked the girl a lot and they had been close friends even before she had made it big time. Maybe she had just been a lot more jealous then she was willing to admit, and out of jealousy had done those things. Sarah decided that she had to make things right, though with complete nude pictures of Miley plastered all over the internet, and even some video she wasn’t sure of the shamed star would ever forgive her. Sarah figured she had to at least try, what was the worst that could happen right? However before she could muster up the courage to call Miley, her phone began ringing.
“Hello?” Sarah said, wondering who it could be.
“Hey Sarah it’s Miley. I was just calling to see if you wanted to head to the beach today?”
Sarah’s heart was racing, as she began apologizing, “Miley I… I’m so sorry for what I did the other night. I… well I think I was just jealous. You’re so pretty and well, I don’t know.” 
“Sarah, it’s okay. We’ve been friends since we were kids, I forgive you. Now grab some suntan lotion and meet me at our favorite spot at the beach, okay?”
“Sure, that’d be fun. And thanks Miley.”
“No problem, see you soon.”
As Miley hung up the phone she smiled a devious grin. She still liked Sarah, they were childhood friends but that didn’t stop Miley from wanting some payback from humiliating her so badly in front of all those people. This was going to be fun.


A Taste of Miley's Medicine 5

“Looking cute Sarah! Love the color, dark red really looks good on you.” Miley said as Sarah walked over to Miley who was setting down a towel at the beach.
“Thanks Miley, you look hot!” Sarah blurted blushing as Miley laughed. 
Truth was, Miley did look pretty god in a hot pink bikini that showed half of her ass, and the half tops of her boobs.
“Thanks. Let’s lay out for a bit and tan, then we could go cool off in the water.” Miley said, still smiling.
“Okay, sounds fun.”
Both girls, each beautiful in their own ways laid down to tan and Sarah soon drifted off to sleep. This was exactly what Miley had been waiting for, knowing how easily her friend fell asleep. Miley began to go to work as she carefully untied Sarah’s top and bottom and pulled them out from under her. Sarah’s extremely pale butt jiggled free as the bottom was pulled away. It was quite a funny sight, seeing the naked girl laying on her stomach with her ass displayed unknowingly to the world. Miley admired her handiwork and began snapping some pictures with her phone. Nobody around the beach, which was only mildly crowded had noticed Sarah’s naked state yet but that was soon to change. 
With a loud slap Sarah felt her a hot pain on her backside as it bounced with movement. She looked back in shock to see her snow white ass basking in the glow of the sun! With a yelp Sarah turned over to hide her ass from the public unknowingly displaying her front charms. Her beautiful, small breasts and tiny pink nipples protruded out nicely, and her brown, neatly trimmed bush at stood out as a patch of delicious darkness on her nearly translucent skin. Sarah now noticing the front yelled even louder and began to grab the towel she was laying on for cover. Of course her screams had brought unwanted attention (for Sarah that is, Miley was enjoying her friends exposure, more than she’d like to admit) and people began making their way over to the cute, frantic nude girl trying to cover herself. Miley wouldn’t allow it and she pulled the towel out from under Sarah’s feet causing her to fall on her back with her legs wide open, creating quite the lewd display, with her lips flapping in the wind (no not literally.) Sarah confused, pulled her knees to her chest trying to preserve what little modesty she had left.
“Sarah, you’re going to stay naked. You owe me that. We can be friends but I need you to listen to me okay.” Miley calmly instructed.
With scared eyes, Sarah nodded as the people at the beach continued watching, some had already begun taking pictures.
“This isn’t a nude beach, but they kind of, not really legally look the other way and allow it. So just act natural, be confident because you can leave her naked and never hear from me again, or stay her naked continue being my friend and you’ll get your clothes back eventually.”
Sarah sat there, and with a deep breath the formerly shy and reserved girl put her arms at her sides and stood up. Turning to the crowd gawking at her she gave a little wave and smile and the crowd went wild. Sarah’s small breasts moved tantalizingly with her waving arm and her toned, skinny and tight body glowed in the sunlight. With a gasp Sarah sat back down stiffly, not knowing what had just come over her. Her face had been progressively turning redder, and it got even redder after that. She felt an odd moistness down below, and Sarah naked in public, and embarrassed found a small but loud part of herself screaming in ecstasy, she was enjoying the exposure yet hating it at the same time. Maybe she was more like Miley than she realized…


A Taste of Miley's Medicine 6

“Okay, now we wouldn’t want anything… sensitive to get burned. I’ll rub some sunscreen in for you Sarah.” Miley suggested.
Sarah just nodded, still struggling to come to terms with the fact that a part of her enjoyed the exposure, and especially the attention that she normally never received.
Miley squirted the lotion onto her hands, and after instructing Sarah to lay down on her stomach, she began rubbing. She purposely tried to be as sensual and feely as possible both to get Sarah and the audience of onlookers turned on. It was working. You could hear a pin drop as the crowd held their breath, the only sound was Miley’s gentle hands rubbing in the cream. Sarah’s pale skin turned whiter as the cream was rubbed in. Miley worked her way down, from the back, tracing down her spine to her ass last. She took her time, covering the curvature of it perfectly. She ran her hands over Sarah’s tight, pert ass a few extra times and with a quick little squeeze and slap that made Sarah squeal, Miley instructed Sarah to turn over. She complied as she laid on her back, revealing surprisingly pointy nipples and what appeared to be a slightly damp bush. Miley smiled knowingly as she went to work. Avoiding Sarah’s breasts and pussy, she rubbed the lotion across her smooth, flat stomach causing Sarah to let out a groan. Some people giggled at that, and Miley was only getting started. 
It was time to cover the breasts, and with precision Miley lathered them up perhaps overdoing it as she let her hands linger. With each rub across Sarah’s nipples, she would let out a moan, each one getting louder much to the crowd’s delight. Miley kneaded Sarah’s nipples giving each a little tweak and flick, causing Sarah to grunt in what sounded like pleasure. With a grin, taking her time Miley applied more lotion onto her hands and let them hover over Sarah’s pussy. At this point the bush had become noticeably wet, and some liquid was seeping down low, and her nipples were pointing a good inch off her chest, hard as rock. 
To Sarah’s embarrassment she had thrust her hips, in anticipation of Mile’s hovering hand. Miley began by combing her fingers gently through Sarah’s trimmed bush, causing Sarah to let out her loudest moan yet. Miley then began rubbing in lotion earnestly, which led to Sarah uncontrollably bucking her hips a few times. Just as Sarah felt like she was going to have a sweet release, letting all this built up pressure out Miley stopped and announced that she was done. It took all of Sarah’s willpower not to beg Miley to finish her off there. Sarah just laid there, not knowing what to do, and not trusting her ability to keep her own hands off her. With a playful tap on Sarah’s stomach, Miley then squeezed both of Sarah’s boobs and told her to get up, they were going to play some volleyball. Sarah didn’t know if she’d be able to move without cumming on the spot… this was certainly eye opening, Sarah thought to herself. She found herself excited for what Miley thought of next.


A Taste of Miley's Medicine 7

“Who wants to play volleyball?” Miley yelled as she yanked up her horny, naked friend from the ground.
Plenty of hands shot up, from both sexes but Miley chose 4 of the best looking guys she saw, to enhance Sarah’s embarrassment, and arousal.
“Okay, you can be on our team. Let’s play 3 on the 3.” Miley said.
The guy gladly ran over to play with the sexy pop star and hot nude girl. This was a dream come true for him. The game started and Sarah felt as if someone else was controlling her. She was in a fog, and she felt herself purposing stretching for balls, and exaggerating her movements to expose even more of her naked flesh. Her small breasts jiggled pleasantly as she moved around, diving for balls. She had to wipe sand from them a few times, and each time she made contact with her nipples it sent shivers down her spine (and to a certain other area.) Sarah was possessed, and as she dove for another ball sending sand flying everywhere and causing her ass to bounce wildly, she got up and walked over to the guy that was on their team. She asked him if he could get the sand off her ass. 
Before the guy could even reply she playfully grind her backside up against his erect penis, and said mischievously, “Whoops.” She then rubbed her butt against his cock a few more times for good measure before stopping. The guy was grinning widely as he playfully swatted her ass, squeezing and bouncing it till the sand fell off. With a loud smack, he sent her back to the front of the net to get ready for the next serve. Miley was furious, she was having enough of this. Sure she had wanted to embarrass the girl, but the sl*t was enjoying prancing her goods around naked to a bunch of strange men, and people watching the match (there were A LOT of people watching.) Miley didn’t want to admit it, but she also felt extremely jealous off all the attention Sarah was receiving, the attention that was usually given to Miley while Sarah normally was left ignored. Mile wouldn’t let this go on any more.
“Alright Sarah, the funs over. Go put your bikini back on, you’ve put on a show long enough.”
“But Miley… we uhm, have to finish the game first right.” Sarah said, trying to come up with an excuse to stay naked,
“What, no! You want to stay naked. Go put some clothes on, what’s wrong with you.” Miley said, shocked at the exhibitionist side of her otherwise modest, reserved friend.
Sarah nodded, and walked off the court sliding through the crowd to get to her clothes. The crowd booed as she made her way through, upset that the show was ending but that didn’t stop eager hands from grabbing her ass and tits as he pushed through them. Finally she made her way to the towel and put her bikini back on. It had only been an hour but the fabric felt strange, and almost restricting. Sarah couldn’t believe she had just tried to prolong her nudity back there on the court. Nor could she believe that she had let that guy touch her ass, and she had grinded up against his… his crotch. Sarah could feel her arousal subside, now that the crowd was dispersing and she was decently clothed and she blushed at the lewd display she had put on for everyone. Shaking her head she went back to play volleyball with the guys and Miley.
The game ended without event, and the guys left bored at the now covered girl and uninteresting celebrity. Miley was furious, everyone had left despite her being a celebrity, a star who shined in the spotlight. This was ridiculous, there had to be a way for Miley to get their attention she was getting desperate.
“Party at my house, and everyone is invited!” She yelled out, now she had their attention. And they’d focus on her all night long. Life was good, and she and Sarah led the people back to her house to have some fun by her pool. It was going to be a fun night.


A Taste of Miley's Medicine 8

As Sarah drove her car, following Miley back to her house for the spontaneous pool party she found herself thinking about what happened at the beach. She realized she had enjoyed the exposure, yet she still had felt embarrassed at the time as well. These conflicting emotions and feelings confused her, and she felt her self beginning to get aroused again just thinking about what had happened. She still hadn’t gotten to have any release yet and she was hoping tonight she could maybe find someone to help her. Maybe Miley… Miley! What had she just been thinking? She tried to shake the image of her friend naked pressed up against her from her head but she couldn’t. She had never thought of Miley in that way until now, and she realized how sexy her friend was. Unsure of all these new feelings Sarah continued driving, not knowing what to expect at this party.
Miley smiled, as all the guests had arrived. Her backyard was packed and people were already swimming in her pool. It was her time to shine, but of course that had to be ruined by a certain someone. Everyone was going up to Sarah and complimenting her about her display she put on earlier at the beach. They were complimenting her for getting naked! Miley didn’t understand and Sarah just stood there awkwardly while her face was perpetually red from embarrassment. Miley had to get the attention back onto her, so with a deep breath she loosened her bikini top, and dove into the pool. Letting the top fall away into the pool she jumped up to the surface revealing her bouncing boobs to all. She pretended to not notice as she made her way out of the pool when someone pointed out her predicament. Miley acted surprised, and covered her boobs in embarrassment. She had everyone’s attention now, and as she turned to get her top from the pool it was nowhere to be found. Someone must have swiped it when she had her back turned. Miley began to worry, and blush profusely. This wasn’t what she had planned, she wasn’t against nudity but it had to be on her own terms and not prolonged like this! 
“Here Miley take a shot!” Sarah said, offering some alcohol. Sarah was just glad that the attention was off of her now.
“Why not.” Miley said, as she dropped her arms and her nipples sprang out. She grabbed the drink and took a shot as everybody cheered her on. Miley felt a warm sensation in her groin, and her nipples got even harder. Maybe staying topless wasn’t that embarrassing anyway, though Miley decided she needed some more liquid courage if she was going to party topless the rest of the night. So she took a few more shots and began teasing everyone around her. Purposely sticking her chest out and making a concentrated effort to have them jiggle as much as she could. 
Sarah shook her head at her half naked friend, at first she had been glad to have the attention off of her, but now seeing Miley’s tits out had her getting aroused again. Sarah still didn’t understand her feelings, and was confused at why she suddenly noticed how sexy Miley was. Sarah felt… attracted to her friend. 
“Hey Sarah, want to feel my tits!” A stumbling Miley yelled, grabbing her breasts and shaking them at Sarah.
Sarah gulped, and nodded as Miley giggled at her. Miley swayed over to Sarah, and stuck her chest out, right into Sarah’s face. Sarah stared hungrily, fighting the urge to suck those nipples right there. Instead she admired them. Miley had large areolas that were rosy colored and her breasts were average sized, and slightly sagged but in a very sexy way. Her nipples mesmerized Sarah as she stared, and she slowly began rubbing them. Miley groaned, clearly aroused and enjoying Sarah’s gentle touch and people began to notice. Neither of the two friends cared, as they were both in their own worlds. Sarah continued rubbing Miley’s nipples, and moved to the slopes of her breasts and began massaging them. She squeezed lightly, and alternated between nipples and slopes and Miley let out soft moans every now and then. 
“Make her cum!” Someone yelled, out ruining the moment and snapping Sarah out of her aroused fog.
Sarah blushed as she awkwardly jerked her hands back but Miley simply smiled seductively at her, and strutted away seeming to put extra sway in her hips. Sarah didn’t know if Miley was simply too drunk to care or it was something else but one thing she knew was that their friendship would never be the same again.


A Taste of Miley's Medicine 9

After the boob groping incident, nothing really happened the rest of the party. People began leaving as it was getting late. Apparently the same pair of boobs out in the open is only entertaining for so long. Now it was just Sarah and the topless Miley remaining and it was pretty awkward. Miley had sobered up at this point and she self-consciously put an arm across her breasts in front of her friend.
“So, uh… about earlier tonight. Let’s just forget about it. You’re probably just worked up from the beach, and well I was pretty drunk. So, yeah… we cool?” Miley awkwardly said.
“Yeah, yeah were cool.” Sarah said, a bit disappointed. 
“Do you want to catch a movie or something, I’m not quite ready for bed yet,” Miley said.
“Sure, I’ll drive. The night is still young right?” 
“Yeah, let’s go see Anchorman 2.”
“Okay sounds good let’s go.”
After and uncomfortably quiet car ride later the two friends headed into the theatre, and went to sit towards the back. At this point Miley was wearing a tight black shirt with no bra that stopped just under her breasts, and tight daisy dukes. Sarah wore something more modest, just a simple gray t-shirt and jeans. Sarah at this point was still horny since she hadn’t masturbated yet and no matter how hard she focused she couldn’t stop replaying the events of the day in her head. The nudity at the beach, and holding Miley’s breasts, she felt her nipples stiffen at the thought. Miley must have been a little horny too because her nipples were poking through her shirt, and Sarah could tell despite the little light that came from the movie screen. 
“Hey Sarah… I can’t really focus right now. Do you want to play truth or dare?” Miley shyly asked.
“Yeah I’d love too!” Sarah said, perhaps a little overeagerly.
“Okay do me first,” Miley said smiling.
“Truth or dare?”
“Dare.”
Sarah wanted desperately to say strip, but she didn’t know how Miley would take that so she suggested something tamer, she dared Miley to throw a piece of popcorn at the guy in front of them. She did, but he didn’t even notice.
“Okay my turn, I say truth.”
“Did you like being naked earlier today at the beach?”
Crap, Sarah wanted to answer truthfully but she was afraid that Miley would think she was some kind of weirdo, or sl*t. Taking a deep breath, Sarah began to tell the truth.
“Well… yes part of me liked it but part of me was sooo embarrassed. I, um… well it kind of turned me on Miley and I don’t know why. I hope you don’t think I’m some kind of freak.”
“No Sarah, believe me I know what you mean. Knowing people are wanting you, and seeing something usually so private is such a turn on for me too. I get it.” Miley said.
“Wow, what a relief. I thought I might be the only one.” Sarah admitted.
“Okay it’s my turn. Dare, and give me something a little more exciting this time.”
“I are you to take off your shorts.”
“Oooh, now that’s a dare.” Miley joked, as she unbuttoned her jean shorts and pulled them off revealing her smooth, white legs and white panties. 
Things were beginning to heat up and Sarah decided she’d take a dare. Miley dared her to take off her shirt. With a deep breath, and shaky hands Sarah quickly pulled her shirt over her head, exposing a black push up bra. She slouched down in her chair afraid someone may look back, for a movie theatre the room seemed brighter than usual though it was mostly empty do to the time of night. Only a few guys were there, a couple in the middle, and one guy a few rows in front of Miley and Sarah. 
It was Miley’s turn again and she chose dare once more. Sarah dared her to take off her top knowing she’d have to expose her braless breasts. So Miley slowly pulled her shirt off, sliding low in her chair for cover. Her shirt came off, revealing Miley’s poky nipples that were rock hard from obvious arousal. There was a little wet spot on her panties as well.
“Enjoying yourself.” Sarah joked, and Miley sheepishly grinned at her.
“Your next.” Miley said back, still smiling.
“No, I chose truth.” Sarah said.
“Fine, what were you thinking when you were feeling my breasts?”
Sarah gasped, knowing this could get really awkward if she revealed the whole truth.
“I uhm, I liked it. No I loved it. Your nipples are perfect, your tits are perfectly sized and sexy on you. I could play with your boobies all day. It turned me on, and if that guy hadn’t yelled something I probably would have sucked them right there. You’re so hot Miley.” Sarah said, the words jumbling out in a rush. She blushed at how honest she had been, but it was the truth. Miley looked at her with a gleam in her eye, she stuck her tongue out playfully at Sarah and giggled.
“Wow… I didn’t know they had such an effect on girls too. Thanks though, it’s nice to know I look good,” Miley joked.
“Okay my turn. I chose dare again.” Miley said quickly.
Sarah felt crushed, she now knew Miley didn’t feel the same way as she did, it was apparent by how she had avoided addressing it. Still, at least she knew the truth and they could still be friends.
“Panties off.” Sarah said.
With that, Miley pulled her panties down, and off completely leaving her completely naked other than a pair of uggs which only enhanced her nudity that much more. Her shaved pussy glistened, moist with arousal and Miley tried to slide down even further, with her clothes piled next to her she still felt very exposed in such a public place, with people surrounding her. It was quite erotic and both Miley and Sarah were loving every moment of it. That was until all of the sudden the lights turned on and an alarm sounded…


A Taste of Miley's Medicine 10

“Everybody out! This is an emergency, there’s a fire!” Announced a movie theatre employee. 
Sarah grabbed her shirt and quickly put it on. Miley was scrambling, struggling to pull on her panties over her boots.
“Miley there isn’t any time, just hold your clothes over your front, you can get dressed once were safe!” 
Miley nodded, both her and Sarah’s minds fogged by their arousal. Clutching her shorts, underwear and t-shirt to her chest, which barely covered both her breasts and pussy they ran to the exit. Miley’s whole backside was exposed and as they stood there, clamoring at the exit trying to push through the crowd, people began noticing Miley’s nude state. Miley felt her ass get grabbed a bunch of times, she even felt someone slap it hard, causing it to jiggle and turn red. When she got spanked another time, Miley spun around to face the pervert who was violating her, but all she saw were 3 or 4 guys staring lustfully at her body. Miley didn’t realize that she was holding her clothes in an outstretched hand, preparing to smack whoever had been feeling her up. Of course this left her front completely exposed, and the guys didn’t fail to notice. Her nipples were still hard, and she was still horny and it was obvious. Her shaved pussy was nearly dripping, and her perky breasts stood out like headlights. Confused at first she stood there in the same pose, hand raised holding her clothes and exposing everything until one of the guys reached forwards and grabbed both of Miley’s breasts. Miley swatted at him with her clothes and she accidentally dropped them all on the ground. The other guys started taking pictures and Miley ran forwards and ran out of the building with Sarah. 
“Sarah, my clothes! I dropped my clothes!” The naked Miley yelled, with an arm over her breasts, and the other over her pussy. Sarah hugged her friend, and they were now standing outside the theatre in the parking lot. No one was allowed to go back in and now that the excitement had died down, the displaced moviegoers began noticing the naked Miley Cyrus. 
“Hey, look at that naked girl!”
“Mommy why is she naked?”
“Nice ass babe!”
“Just don’t let go Miley, it’s going to be okay.” Sarah said, still hugging her naked friend.
“Thanks Sarah. I… I’m kind of enjoying this. Even when the guy grabbed my tits, I could cum right now,” Miley whispered surprising Sarah.
“Hold on girl, you can’t let them see that. Though you’re turning me on right now,” Sarah whispered, smiling.
The two friends held onto each other, equally horny and equally concerned for each other. The heckling crowd of people and the flashing cameras weren’t enough to ruin the moment, but the fire department and a couple of police officers were.
“Mam, we got a complaint about public indecency near the theatre. You can’t walk around like that in public, and with your state of dress and the current fire my suspicions are aroused. We’re going to have to bring you downtown for questioning about possible arson and public indecency. Now let go of your friend and come with us.”
Everyone stood there waiting for the mystery naked girl to reveal her face and nude body. It got quiet as she let go of her friend and turned to face the policemen and the crowd. 
“It’s Miley Cyrus!” 
Everyone began yelling, shocked that the celebrity was standing naked in front of them. The cops rolled their eyes, and informed her to put her hands behind her back, so they could handcuff her. Miley slowly lowered her arms, unveiling her nude body completely as she was handcuffed.
“It’s procedure mam.”
They led the shamed celebrity to their cop car and everyone got an unobstructed view of her jiggling breasts and ass, and her pussy which was seeping juice down her leg. Unable to cover herself due to the handcuffs, everyone got very revealing pictures of the naked singer before she was put into the cop car giving everyone one last glimpse of her tight ass as she climbed into the car. Sarah stared helplessly (and lustfully), as she could do nothing for her friend, she had left her car keys in the theatre so she couldn’t accompany her to the police station. Wondering what this would do to Miley’s image, Sarah stood there as the cop cars pulled away with her naked friend in the back.


A Taste of Miley's Medicine 11

Miley sat in handcuffs, in the back of the police car… completely naked. With her hands cuffed behind her back her whole front was exposed to the two officers in the front of the car. The driver had positioned the mirror so it was pointing directly at her crotch, and the only thing she could do to preserve some modest was put both her legs together as much as she could. The other officer kept looking back with a smile on his face, eyeing the naked star freely. Miley was humiliated, yet she was dripping wet and the smell of her sex was obvious which only made her more embarrassed, and in turn more horny because of the eroticism of the situation. The drive dragged on but finally they made their way to the police station where a crowd of paparazzi was waiting. Apparently word had spread of her arrest and they were waiting to photograph the shamed celebrity. 
The officers parked the car and pulled Miley out of the car exposing her to seemingly thousands of flashes at once. Miley’s nude body was once again being documented, and displayed and there was nothing she could do. Forgetting her arousal, her face turned rosy red as she hung her head and shame as the officers slowly pushed their way through the crowd dragging the named Miley Cyrus along.
“Miley what is with all these sudden public displays of indecency?”
“Miley! Miley! Why exactly are you naked?”
“Are you a nudist?”
“Does this turn you on?”
The questions got more and more detailed and humiliating as reporters tried to get her to respond. Miley just kept walking with her head down, and finally they made it into the police station, shutting the door leaving the mob behind. With a gulp Miley glanced around at the police officers going about their daily business, most stopped what they were doing and stared in pure lust, and not just the men. Wide smiles lit up their faces and Miley felt herself blushing even more than before as she quickly lowered her head again.
“Now Miley, I’m sorry but until we get this situation sorted out and someone can come and pick you up you’re going to have to stay in a cell for the night… or until someone comes to get you,” The police chief informed.
Miley just nodded as she was led to a cell and locked away as the officers left her alone. Only she wasn’t completely alone, some drunk guy was in a cell directly across from her and he stared in awe. He recognized that this beautiful nude girl in front of him was Miley Cyrus, unsure if he had passed out and was dreaming he decided to enjoy the ride and stared openly. Miley finally free of her cuffs though still naked immediately covered herself as best as she could, striking an all too familiar pose. Of course that pose had her unintentionally make contact with her pussy, which was still wet from before, and she shivered at the touch. She felt her nipples stiffen, calling for her attention. Her mind went back to the events of the day, from Sarah naked at the beach to the pool part to being displayed naked in front of the media. With those thoughts, she convinced herself that the guy was probably so drunk he wouldn’t remember anyway and she began to touch herself. 
Tweaking her large, sensitive nipples she let out a moan. She began to fondle her breasts, slightly rubbing and bouncing them, she then let her hands slide down her tight, smooth stomach gliding over creamy white skin, stopping to circle her belly button then move downwards more. With a loud and wet smack she began fingering herself. Moaning in ecstasy, watching the drunk guy’s face as he stared at her in pure lust… he was beginning to masturbate himself. That only drove her further and she could feel her pleasure building and building until she quite literally exploded, squirting juices as she let out a scream of unadulterated bliss. 
The next thing she knew, she heard noises… it sounded like people, no a bunch of people near her. Where was she? Was that laughter she heard? What was going on? These questions raced through her head when she opened her eyes and saw that she was lying on the floor of a cell, with her legs spread open exposing her shaved, pink pussy to several cops who had rushed in when they had heard a scream. Now the cops were laughing hysterically as the musky scent of her sex filled the room and her juices covered the floor. Miley screamed I embarrassment with her arousal gone there was no enjoyment to be had at being so utterly humiliated. She curled her nude body up in the corner of the cell trying to cover herself… how could she have let herself do that? Then the cell opened and Sarah came running in with a coat. She d****d the coat over her naked friend and got her up and led her away from the mocking police officers. She had filled out the paperwork and Miley was now free to go as she clutched the jacket to her bare flesh as she was led outside to sunlight. It was morning, a new day had started. Miley shielded her eyes and failed to notice the few paparazzi who had lingered hoping for another chance and they began taking pictures of Miley in just her coat. What Miley hadn’t realized was that the coat stopped just at the middle of her butt cheeks exposing the bottom of her pussy and ass. Sarah whispered that she wasn’t decently covered, and Miley squealed as the two friends sprinted to Sarah’s car with the paparazzi happily snapping away at the last glimpses of Miley’s pale ass glowing in the sunshine.


A Taste of Miley's Medicine 12

Sarah and Miley both lounged lazily on the couch, watching the news. Miley’s recent public displays of nudity were still being covered despite it having been a whole week. 
“They’re never going to let this go,” Miley muttered.
“At least your publicist said there have been a bump in sales of your music, and according to her you have more followers and likes on twitter and facebook. Any press is good press right?” Sarah said, hoping to cheer up her friend.
“I guess. But I’m humiliated. There isn’t an inch of my body that hasn’t been recorded and published somewhere. It wasn’t supposed to go this far,” Miley said.
Rrring Rrring.
“Probably another ‘admirer,’ just let it ring,” Miley said.
Sarah rolled her eyes as she picked up the phone.
“Hello, is this Miley Cyrus speaking?”
“No this is her friend.”
“Well I have some exciting news for Miley and yourself. Miley has been invited to a party being thrown by Kate Middelton in England. It’s going to be huge, and many famous people will be attending. She has told me that Miley can bring one guest with her, and the party is in one week. Sorry for such short notice but the idea came to her last minute. Can I expect Miley to be there… and possibly yourself?”
“You can count on it, thanks!” Sarah said enthusiastically. 
“Who was it?” Miley asked.
“Me and you are going to a party thrown by the duchess herself, Kate Middleton!”
“I didn’t agree to this.”
“Oh hush, you need to get back out in public, get your confidence up. I won’t take no for an answer missy.”
With a sigh Miley reluctantly agreed and the girls began planning for a trip to England.

With the week quickly passing, the girls had arrived in England. They had each purchased fancy dresses for the party, Miley settled on a tight, body hugging, white silk dress with an oval cut out in the middle exposing the inner slopes of her braless breasts that stopped mid-thigh. While Sarah chose a scarlet dress that went to her ankles and wasn’t quite as tight or revealing. With their dresses now donned, they made their way to the party which was in an exquisite mansion. Celebrities from all over the world were mingling with one another and Sarah and Miley found themselves caught up in the excitement as they grabbed drinks of expensive wine and talked with the partygoers.
“Miley Cyrus! Oh I’m so glad you could make it dear, I’m a big fan. Sorry to hear about the problems you’ve been having with the press, I know it is tough being in the spotlight. I got photographed topless while sunbathing in my own yard!” Kate Middleton said, trying to comfort Miley.
“Thanks, that means a lot. It’s an honor to meet you, thanks for inviting me and my friend Sarah here.”
“Not a problem at all, I’m glad you could make it. Have fun, the night is young,” Kate said rushing away to meet with other guests. 
The girls continued mingling, and throughout the night Miley’s naked ordeals were brought up more and more, creating awkward silences and situations. Miley began to drink more and more wine to compensate for the inappropriate questions she was asked, especially as the guests’ tongues loosened as they drank more wine as well. 
You know, I bet… I bet these stupid people would forget about me if someone else got naked. Wait... Sarah, lets strip Kate Middleton! It’s her fault were here anyways,” a quite drunk Miley suggested.
Sarah smiled, and nodded agreement, while not as tipsy as Miley she was still feeling the effects of drinking perhaps a little too much. Anyways, they were making rude remarks about her friend and if she could help her gain her confidence back, she figured she might as well go along with Miley’s plan.
“Wait till she makes another announcement, then follow my lead,” Miley instructed.
Minutes passed, slowly as time seemed to stretch when finally Kate began climbing on a table to announce something. Apparently the Duchess had a few too many drinks as well. Throughout the night she had been climbing on the table, making pointless announcements and toasts about mundane things. Kate was wearing an elegant royal blue blouse and skirt combination that stopped at her knees. Miley and Sarah, hiding under the table were about to change that.
“Now!” Miley yelled from under the table as she grasped Kate’s skirt and yanked with all her might. 
The audience was surprised to see the dignified duchess now standing in nothing but frilly, hot pink underwear… an interesting wardrobe decision for the usual classy and dignified woman. However before Kate could even cover herself Sarah struck as she pulled the panties cleanly off her legs in one swift motion. The duchess was now standing there bottomless, her trimmed and tidy dark bush contrasted wonderfully with her pale legs. Everyone began cheering loudly at the exposed duchess and she put bother hands in front of her pussy trying to cover up. Yet her whole backside was uncovered and half the people there could see it from their side. Her derriere was nicely toned, and curvy enough in a slender type of way. Miley still under the table reached out and first gave Kate’s bum a nice squeeze and then a hard smack which caused it to jiggle and redden in hilarious fashion. Kate turned around to see who had done such a thing unwittingly exposing her bush to the other side of the audience, and her butt to the side who’d only seen the front before. 
Kate still standing on the table threw her hands up realizing she should make an exit, not knowing where her bottom half had disappeared to. As Kate jumped off the table Sarah grabbed the duchess’s blouse and she slipped and fell with her top gone and her legs spread open. With a gasp everyone stared at Kate Middleton’s completely exposed vagina. Not only was she bottomless, but the duchess was topless as well as she had chosen to forego wearing a bra. A mistake for her but a stroke of good fortune for the onlookers. Her natural, and smallish breasts were bared as her dark red nipples stood out in comparison to her smooth white skin. 
At this point Kate Middleton stood up, and froze in shock. Momentarily forgetting to cover herself and allowing the party invitees to drink in the sight of the royal and naked beauty. Coming to her senses, she d****d an arm of her breasts and the other one covered her bush. She then ran to her staircase so she could hide in her room, of course some brave (and quite drunk) partiers managed to give her bum a little squeeze, and even a slap as he made her exit. The mostly drunken crowd missed Miley and Sarah slink out from under the table as they had been forgotten. The casually made way for the exit and left, laughing as they went back to their hotels. Miley’s nudity would soon be forgotten once these photos and videos surfaced of the duchess completely naked, this time in HD!


A Taste of Miley's Medicine 13

 “I can’t believe we did that, stripping the duchess naked like that,” Sarah said to her friend.
“That was awesome. Did you see her face?” Miley replied.
“Did you see her tits?” Sarah laughed.
“Hey Sarah, how would you like to go to the Grammys with me? And be a dancer on stage when I perform?”
“I’d love to. But I don’t know how to dance all that well.”
“Don’t worry, nobody will be paying attention to your dance moves, wait till you see your outfit.”
“Okay I’m in, sounds like fun.”
So nothing relatively exciting happened but that was all about to change once the time had come for the Grammys. The two girls each wore nice dresses for the pre-show out on the carpet. Miley had on a gold dress that was backless and went to her ankles while Sarah wore a green dress that hung on her shoulders, both girls had to go braless for their dresses to work. They both posed for the cameras and many people wanted to know who this mystery girl was that was with Miley. 
At one point when Sarah was posing Miley snuck behind her and quickly pulled the top of Sarah’s dress down to her waist. Before anyone could catch a glimpse of Sarah’s exposed breasts Miley grabbed both with her hands creating a hand bra. Sarah let out a shriek and all eyes were on her as the cameras flashed and focused on the now exposed girl and Miley laughing behind her. Sarah didn’t know what to do and was frozen in fear as Miley played with, and jiggled both of her breasts without revealing her nipples. Apparently Miley decided to speed things up as she suddenly let go of Sarah’s breasts causing them to bounce freely and as Sarah yelled and put both her hands over her breasts Miley pulled down the rest of Sarah’s dress revealing green, g-string panties. Sarah dropped her hands from her boobs once more letting them bounce free, exposed and unhindered so she could pull up her dress. Miley spun Sarah around so they could all see her barely covered ass and gave it a little squeeze and slap as she walked away laughing. A red faced Sarah finally managed to pull her dress back on and once covered everyone began asking her questions, wanting to know her relationship with Miley and who she was. Sarah ran from the crowd into Miley’s dressing room where she was waiting for Sarah. 
“What was that about Miley!” Sarah yelled now in the privacy of the dressing room.
“Oh come on you liked it. Anyways you’ll be showing more tonight on stage,” Miley laughed. 
“What?”
“Here’s your outfit.”
All Miley was holding were to pink nipple pasties with a small piece of pink tape. 
“That’s it! I can’t go out there in just that!”
“You can, and you will. I know you get off on this anyway, just think of how horny you’ll get up there,” Miley said causing Sarah to blush.
“Whatever, just give it to me.”
Sarah stripped her clothes off in front of her friend without a second thought. The two friends were so familiar with each other’s naked bodies that it didn’t seem awkward or like a big deal. The now naked Sarah placed the two pink pasties over her nipples and they were perfectly sized covering only her nipples and nothing more. She then placed the small piece of pink tape over her pussy lips and that was all it covered. She was thankful for the neatly trimmed bush, brown like her hair that she kept as it gave at least a little more coverage. Sarah half expected Miley to tell her to shave that but she didn’t say anything. If anything, Miley was eyeing up her body quite closely and she seemed to enjoy it. Sarah just shook her head as she walked in front of the mirror. She couldn’t believe she was going to go out in just this, and be on tv and in front of the crowd, she felt her nipples stiffen and strain the pasties and her pussy moisten. Her perky breasts were essentially bare, with her nipples barely covered. She ran her hands down her smooth, tight stomach and stopped at her bush. With the small piece of pink tape nestled in the middle of her lady fur it looked quite comical and when she turned around to see her back she gasped. Her whole, tight ass was bare and exposed as was her bare back. She shivered knowing how close she was to being completely naked. 
“We’ll be on in a few. Just look sexy up there and move around a bit, the crowd will love ya,” said Miley.
With one more look at the mirror, the nearly naked Sarah prepared herself for the show she was about to put on.


A Taste of Miley's Medicine 14

The lights went out as Sarah stepped onto the stage, taking a deep breath as the lights suddenly flashed on ending her last moments of privacy. Miley in basically just a bikini danced around the stage singing one of her songs and Sarah felt herself freeze up. She looked into the crowd, and the screaming fans who were standing in front of the stage were watching not only Miley but her too! Then the lights went out and a spotlight shone on Sarah, singling her out. Miley made her way over to the still frozen Sarah and began to grind against her and give her a lap dance.
“Just breathe, have fun,” Miley whispered.
As Miley pressed her ass against Sarah’s pussy and began gyrating her hips, Sarah began to feel aroused again. She decided she might as well enjoy it and she began moaning, and responding to Miley’s grinding. Then Sarah feeling mischievous pulled Miley’s bikini bottoms to the ground exposing Miley’s entire backside to the crowd. Sarah squeezed both of Miley’s cheeks hard and slapped them playfully as Miley quickly pulled her bottoms up before anybody could get a glance of the front. Miley then proceeded to go off and sing and dance on her own while Sarah moved seductively to the music. She was really feeling good when she got the idea to stage dive. Not really thinking Sarah dove headfirst into the screaming fans who caught her. 
She had never felt anything as erotic as what took place. Hundreds of hands seemed to touch her everywhere, groping her breasts, squeezing her ass and even stroking her bush. She didn’t know when it happened but at some point she felt the tape and pasties be torn off and she was now naked being felt up by horny fans. People pinched her nipples, one guy even spread her but cheeks. Fingers began stroking her clit and she was on cloud nine. She felt pure ecstasy as she climaxed spilling her juices on the fans holding her naked body up. She came so hard that she forgot where she was as Miley pulled her back up on stage, with her pussy dripping and naked body exposed. 
With a wave to the crowd Miley helped the exhausted Sarah back stage, as the audience got a parting view of her bouncing ass and tits live, and on the big screen too. Miley knew they were going to get fined, and probably sued but she didn’t care. People would be talking about this performance forever, and she was pretty sure she had just made Sarah a star. Now in the sanctity of Miley’s dressing room, a blushing and naked Sarah looked at Miley with shame.
“You did great out there,” Miley said giggling.
“Everyone in the world is going to think I’m some horny sl*t now!”
“No, they are going to think you’re a beautiful and free girl who isn’t ashamed of her body. Sarah, your famous now!”
Sarah smiled at that, and Miley eyed her sexy naked friend up and down, this relationship was only getting better.



