Accidental Nudity Sunning
by JoandD

Caught sunning topless on our deck.

SUN DECK

A few years ago, my husband, Dave and I were in South Carolina at our condo for a week of vacation. It was in November, off-season, not too many people around, and a great time not to have to battle crowds for restaurants, golfing, or even for space on the beach. Our unit is on the second floor, so the deck has a lot of privacy, especially if our neighbors to the north are not there or having renters. Their deck is the only place from which someone can look on to ours and be able to see very much. We spend lots of time on the deck, watching the sunsets, having drinks, and catching some sun.

After we'd arrived it didn't seem like we had anyone next to us, so we were feeling like we had lots of privacy. This time of year, the weather is kind of mixed with some nice warm days and some requiring a long-sleeved shirt or even sweats. As a result, we hadn't bothered to pack swimsuits. To our pleasant surprise the weather turned out to be a lot warmer than we'd expected and we ended up out on the deck more than we had planned.

On one particularly nice afternoon we decided to lay out on the deck and catch some sun. Dave wore a pair of athletic shorts that were pretty short and worked well for sunning. I wore a tank top that I just rolled up to the bottom of my bra, and the shortest shorts I had, to expose as much skin as I could. I made a note to myself to get a swimsuit to leave here.

It was really warm in the sun and since there was no one else around Dave decided to shed his shots and sun in the buff for a while. I quickly admonished him for being so cavalier about the possibility of someone seeing him. He again assured me that there was no one staying in the condo next door, so it was pretty unlikely anyone could see us. Also we had not seen anyone one walk past on the boardwalk below for quite some time. And if someone did come by, they would have to be the center on an NBA team or walking on stilts to be able to see us at the rear of our deck.

I kept asking him if he was sure it was safe for him to be naked like this, and he kept promising me we were safe from potential spectators. After a while I got pretty warm and decided it would be OK for me to sun in my bra and panties. Dave always gets turned on with me being outside in my underwear, even though I'm probably no more exposed than in my two-piece swimsuit. But then, context is everything.

"You know, you could be naked too," he chided, "I'd love to see the sun on your beautiful breasts."

I'm pretty cautious and more than a little self-conscious about my body, so I ignored his challenge and soon we both were reading and occasionally nodding off for a few minutes. After a while Dave decided to close his eyes for a short nap. Thinking of what he'd said and the potential unwanted tan lines, I slid my arms out of my bra straps and peeled the cups down to just above my nipples. I found myself unexpectedly getting sensually aroused and even more surprised by my own willingness to strip-down like this. At one point Dave woke up and saw me and suggested again that I go ahead and get naked with him, or at least take off the bra.

"I'm just fine like this, thank you," I replied.

"Oh, come on, no one's around," he pleaded.

With that I got up, put my arms back in my bra straps and went inside with our glasses to get us another drink. While I was inside, I could see Dave go to the corner of our deck to see if anyone was on the deck next to us. He obviously couldn't see anyone there, so he went back to sunning nude again. Soon I returned with a couple of gin and tonics, wearing my white cotton robe.

I sat back to enjoy my drink, and soon I undid the robe and pulled my arms out of the sleeves. Dave was quite surprised and more than pleased to find that I had taken off my bra and was now sunning next to him quite topless in just my white panties. I'm not sure he really wanted to acknowledge the fact for fear I'd get self-conscious and pull the robe back around me.

But after a few minutes, he said, "You look absolutely stunning out here, you know. You have the most beautiful breasts in the whole world."

"Yeah, well, I'm glad you believe that, just let me know if you see anyone else around," I shot back. "I'm still not sure we should be out here like this." I'm usually a little sensitive about my smaller 36A breasts and avoid public exposure except when we've been in the Caribbean where nude the beaches seemed to welcome all body shapes and sizes. Dave always tells me my breasts are "A+ on any man's report card."

We both nursed our drinks and read while it felt so good to be in the sun. Soon we both were nodding off again. After a little bit I woke up and found myself getting just a little more excited by my bare and lotioned breasts shinning in the sun. The cool breeze was also teasing my nipples to perform their magic. Dave, seeing signs of my excitement went inside and got the camera, came outside, and quickly shot four or five shots of me before I figured out what he was doing.

"Put that thing away," I protested, though not really very convincingly. He managed to take a couple more shots before I got up. "These are going to be spectacular pictures," he said. Then I took the camera and our glasses and went inside. I came back with more drinks and we got comfortable again.

Again, we both must have fallen asleep for a while, and when I opened my eyes (behind my dark sunglasses), there was a guy on the deck next door looking at me over his shoulder, trying to appear nonchalant. I wasn't quite sure what to do, and I sure didn't want to confront him, so I continued pretending to be asleep. There was no doubt in my mind that he'd been there a while and had obviously seen us as we napped exposed in the sun. He may have thought I was now awake and becoming aware of his presence, so he moved out of my line of sight.

Again, we had been to nude beaches before, and I never had any concern over guys seeing me completely naked there. Of course, there the guys were also nude and there were lots of other naked women around too. But this guy was fully clothed, and I was the only female subject of his attention. As I lay there thinking about him watching me, I was very surprised to find myself getting more excited with the thought of him unexpectedly and no doubt very happily finding me with my breasts exposed.

Several more times he walked out further on his deck to look at me and then look out to the ocean. This allowed him to be less obvious should I acknowledge seeing him. All the while I was wrestling with whether I should really be enjoying myself like this, run inside, or just pull my robe back around me. My excitement had now turned into genuine arousal and must have been strong enough to keep me laying there knowing I was being seen by this man. The accidental, or at least unplanned nature of the situation gave me permission to continue my exposure without feelings of guilt or embarrassment.

After he had stood at the end of the deck watching me for a while, I heard the sliding door to his deck open, and a woman ask if he wanted something to drink.

"I'll be right in," he replied, clearly not wanting her to come out and see where his eyes had been straying. And he hurried inside. Dave continued to nap for the next 20 minutes, while I went inside to assess the situation. I watched as the the woman I'd likely heard earlier come out on the deck and when she saw Dave sunning naked, she was visibly startled. Her husband surely had not warned her what to expect to see next-door. She must not have been a prude, because instead of running back in the condo, she took her time giving Dave's naked body the once over. She was much less subtle in her staring than her husband had been.

I think for the first time ever I realized the feelings Dave has when other men have seen me naked. Seeing another woman finding my husband's nude body appealing brought me an arousal too. It made me re-think my ofttimes irritation with his encouraging me to show off my body.

Dave soon woke up, and immediately saw that there was a woman on the neighboring deck looking right at him. He instantly pulled his towel around him and almost ran inside.

Now in a most perverse show of hypocrisy, he asked me, "Why didn't you tell me there was someone next door?" I tried hard to keep from laughing.

"How was I to know anyone was there," I replied a little incredibly. I also now suspected he may have actually heard something earlier when he went to look at the neighbors' deck.

"How can I go back out there now after she's seen me naked?" he grumbled.

"You do know how that ironic that sounds, when you pooh-pooh any concerns I have about any modesty when you push me to get naked?"

He looked like he was going to say something like "that's different," but he knew I wouldn't buy it and besides, he knew better himself. So I just didn't say anything for a while.

"I was so sure no one's been out on their deck, there's no car out in the lot, and no lights at night; how much more could we have done," he added.

By now things were cooling down, and I was feeling a little guilty for my having kind of enjoyed being seen, even if just a little bit.

"Maybe you were right we just should have kept our clothes on," he added as he resigned himself to the situation. "I just don't want to run into the woman next door again; I'd be embarrassed now."

We were lucky and didn't run into either of them for the rest of our visit, and neither of us brought it up again either. But this experience certainly re-kindled the idea of "accidental nudity" in me.
