The Farm Part 2
MF, Mf, Mg*, incest, beast

Please read Part 1 to start...

That night after he went to bed, I put on a nightshirt with nothing underneath of course and lied down to sleep but my mind wouldn't shut off. I couldn't stop thinking about my Granddad and how I was going to precede. Just thinking about it got me horny and wet. It hadn't been a half hour and I decided to go check out the pony my Granddad has. 

My Granddad has a couple of table lanterns in the barn so I lit one and went to the stall where Short stuff (Granddad name for the pony) was. He is an older pony and I had been very fond of him since forever. I got a stool and sat next to him. I started petting him, letting him get use to me, all the while I was talking to him...telling him things I wanted me to do to him and w/ him. Remember me saying I loved the animals on the farm also.

I still had a good buzz and the more I talked the hornier I got. l said to myself, what the hell.  I took off my shirt and let the pony smell me.  I rubbed his face over my body, especially over my tits.  After a few minutes I put his nose in my pussy and as soon as he touched my lips I had an orgasm.  I kept his nose there and kept grinding him into me.  The more I did it, the more I came.  I finally had to sit back down and recover.

After about 5 minutes, I started rubbing him on his stomach...getting closer to his cock.  I squatted down and started massaging his cock.  In no time he was hard as a rock. My Granddad was wrong in the name.  He wasn't short stuff for sure.  It always amazed me how big he was up close.

My body went into automatic mode at that point.  I started masturbating him. As usual, he did not know what to do so he just stood there.  I got under him and as best as I could and started using both hands.  It was only a couple minutes when he shot massive amounts of cum all over my hair and body.  It was pouring off of my face and body.  Without even thinking, I shoved the head of his cock into my mouth trying to milk him. He shot more in my mouth and I swallowed every drop.  I was delirious with intense pleasure and an overwhelming desire for more.

I didn't remember putting the shirt back on or walking back to the house.  The next morning, I woke up smelling of pony sex.  It was then that I remembered what I did the night before.  Just thinking about it got me wet and horny. I wiped some of his cum on my fingers then shoved them deep inside my aching pussy. I instantly flooded my bed.

I heard my Granddad calling for me so I got out of bed, wiped my face then went downstairs.  I still smelt like sex but I did not want to wash it off just yet.  When I got to the kitchen he was sitting at the table drinking coffee.  I went over and gave and him a kiss on his head.  He asked me what the smell was. I just told him that I got hot last night and sweated.

As I was making my breakfast...thinking about short stuff...I didn't realize that my shirt had been riding up exposing myself.  I thought I saw him looking and for some reason it got me exciting thinking he was watching me.  I knew then that this was how it was going to start and I wanted him to see me.  A few minutes later he went upstairs.

After eating, I went and took a shower.  When I got out I was looking out the window and I could see my Granddad working in the garden.  I was just standing there naked watching him...kind of hoping he would look up and see me. The next thing I knew I was playing with my tits and pussy. I was massaging my clit when I had a small orgasm.  I shoved three fingers in my cunt...fucking myself while watching my Granddad.  After having a few more orgasms, I put on my daisy dukes...tight t-shirt and sneakers.  Of course no bra or panties. My nipples were straining at the material.

When I went outside he was nowhere to be found so I started walking around the farm.  About half hour later I walked back to the house and found him sitting on the porch holding a camera.  I asked him what he was doing.  He said, didn't I remember that after grandmother died, I told him to get a hobby so he chose to take pictures. I said that was great and what did he take pictures of.  He said mainly scenic stuff. I asked if I could go with him. He said sure.

As we were walking around, I noticed he was watching me. I had forgotten how I was dressed. I could tell he was trying to hide that he was looking.  Just for fun, I kept stopping in front of him and bending over pretending to pick something off the ground.  Every time I did, my shorts were riding up exposing my ass.  I was thinking, I am enjoying flirting with him and I so want him to look at me with lust in his eyes for his little Princess.  The feeling felt so good. 

After a couple of hours I had him taking pictures of me. I was enjoying myself acting all silly and crazy and I can tell he was having fun.  I told him that if he wanted I would model for him while I was there.  That way he could practice and have pictures of me for his scrape book.  He said that would be great.

That night after dinner we were sitting out on the porch again drinking.  After a few drinks I asked him what he missed the most about my grandmother.  I was surprised and shocked when he said, sex...he missed the sex.  I was dumbfounded.  I never thought of my grandparents having sex.  He asked me if that bothered me and I said no, just caught me off guard.  I went inside to get more drinks and some Tylenol.  When I was going through the drawers I found a bottle of Viagra.  It was and old bottle but still some left. After another drink he went to bed.  I stayed finishing my drink.  My mind kept floating back to him telling me what he missed the most.  I couldn't stop thinking what it was like them having sex. 

I found myself actually getting turned on about it. I could feel myself getting wet and my juices running down my crack.  I could not take it any more so I when the barn...got undressed...and went to short stuff's stall.  This time I put the stool under him and worked it so I could rub his huge cock against my cunt. I came right away but continued to rub him on me.  I was at a weird angle so I moved the stool and got on my knees and took him in my mouth. I didn't wash him before so he tasted very nasty but I didn't care. I could only get in a few inches but by using two hands...I could suck and masturbate him. Once again he didn't last long. He blew my head back with the force of his cum. I drank what I could but it was just way too much. I came three more times rubbing his cock and cum all over me.

The next morning my Granddad was at the table again.  This time I was only wearing a thong and a short tight cut-off shirt that came up to my tits.  I asked him if it bother him the way I was dressing.  He said I was a big girl and I could dress the way I wanted to.  I came over and stood in front of him and gave him a kiss on the cheek.  When I did...my tits we're showing from the bottom of the shirt.  I knew he could see them.  I went back to making breakfast and giving him a show.  I told him I was excited about modeling for him and wanted to get started right away.

I told him then I had brought a few dresses and other things with me and I wanted to model then for him. I spent the day modeling my short dresses, shorts and bikini.  I tried to keep everything tame and for the most part of the day I did.  Later on that afternoon I was starting to get tired but I also I was getting antsy and wanted to show more.  I told him to go outside by the tractor and I would be right out.  

I went and put on a super short zipper dress I had... one that unzips from the top and bottom.  I put on what I call my hooker heels, 7" stilettos, and went outside.

When I got outside his eyes almost came out of his head.  I asked him, did he like what he saw and he said very much so.  I started posing by the tractor acting all slutty.  After a few minutes I started unzipping the top...pulling in down halfway exposing most of my tits. He asked me if I should be doing that in front of him.  

I asked him did he think I look sexy and he answered yes.  Then I said it was OK because it was just him and me.  After a while he was telling me how he wanted me to stand and pose.  I kept teasing with the zipper...showing more of my tits.  I knew I was having an effect on him because he asked me to turn around and bend over.  I turned around...spread my legs open...bent over and grabbed my ankles.  

My ass was exposed to him and I was starting to get excited knowing he was getting excited. He told me to stand back up and turn around.  I was still playing with the zippers when I took the top one and pulled it all the way it could go and then took the bottom one and pulled it all the way up.  He could see my tits and pussy. He just stood still for a moment staring at me before he said I was beautiful.  I posed for another 10 minutes or so with my tits and pussy showing.  When we were done I told him how much he made me happy and I couldn't wait to model some more tomorrow.

Again that night after dinner...we were drinking and I started to get horny.  My mind was reeling from what we did that day.  Exposing myself to him gave me mixed emotions.  On one hand I knew what I'm doing was wrong but I also felt good and exciting at being sexy for him.  I know it's crazy.  I went inside to get more drinks and as I was doing so I remembered the pill bottle.  This was the moment I had been waiting for my whole life. I was going to seduce him.

I took one of the pills and mixed them with his drink.  I gave it to him and told him I would be right back.  I went upstairs and put on one of the baby doll lingerie I brought. It was see through, both the baby doll and the g-string with it. My nipples were erect from the anticipation of what was about to happen. I put the same heels on and then went back downstairs so he could see it.  When he saw me...he just stared.  I asked if he liked it but he just kept staring.  I said say something.  Do you like it??  Do you think I'm sexy??  All he could say was yes. I knew I was having the desire effect I wanted because he started squirming in his chair. 

When I saw that, my body went crazy and I went into full slut mode.  Dancing...slinking...touching myself.  It wasn't long before he said he had go to bed.  When he got up, I could see he was hard as a rock.  He hurried upstairs...leaving me there.  I was asking myself how far if I was going to take this but I already knew the answer.

I quietly went upstairs and to his door.  I heard noises so I slowly cracked the door to see in. He was standing there jacking off.  He was so hard and his cock was big, even at his age. I knew then what the best thing he passed on to my dad. I was mesmerized watching him stroke himself but at same time I had a pang of guilt...I almost felt bad for what I did to him.  I was about to walk away when I heard him say my name as he was stroking himself. Hearing him call out my name pushed me over the edge.  I walked in... he froze and started to say something but I stopped him and whispered into his ear that I wanted this for so long and I pushed him to this point and I wanted him to feel love again.

Before he could say anything, I got down on my knees and took him in my mouth. It was pure bliss and the first thing I thought of was the first time I took my dad into my mouth, how good it felt, how good his cock felt and tasted in my mouth. My mouth was drooling all over his beautiful cock. I took my time exploring every inch of his cock and balls. His balls tasted musty but also sweet. 

I twirled my tongue around the swollen head. It was so much bigger than the rest of his cock. My mind and tongue were on autopilot as I teased the slit and took him all in my mouth, holding it there while I used my tongue to stroke him. I conquered my gag reflex when I was a girl so I had no problem having all of his cock in my mouth, pushing up against my throat. Every memory since I was a little girl of just this moment came flooding into my head and it was everything I ever expected and more.

I just kept him in my mouth, reaching around his ass to pulled him closer to me, to get more of his rock hard cock in me. I could hear him moaning out just like my dad did and my pussy exploded in a torrent of juices that were running down the inside of my legs and dripping onto the carpet. I finally released him and took his balls into my mouth, slowly sucking on them as I used my hand to start stroking him. I knew by the way his body was shaking that it was just going to be moments away before he shot his load and there was no way I was going to miss having that first load go down my throat. 

I took him once again to my mouth and started sucking hard and fast and sure enough, within just a couple minutes, he exploded in my mouth. For an old man, I was pleasantly surprised of the amount of cum he gave me. I didn't take away my mouth but kept sucking him, milking him, making sure I got every drop out of him. I was spitting the cum back onto his cock sucking it back off again, over and over. He was still hard when I was done milking him. Got to love that Viagra. I let go, swirled the cum around in my mouth before swallowing. His cum tasted kind of bland but I didn't care because I knew I would have lots more of it before my vacation ended and I had to go home.

Neither one of us said anything, I just took his hand and led him onto the bed. When he was on his back, I whispered into his ear if he was ready for his Princess to fuck him. He nodded his head yes. I took off my lingerie, doing it slowly while his eyes soaked in my body. His cock was twitching as he watched me undress. When I was totally naked, I asked him how I looked.

"Oh Princess, you are so beautiful. I knew you would be from the day you were born. Watching you grow from a baby to a young girl to a young lady to now has given me the most pleasure in my life."

`Oh Granddad, you don't know how happy you make me by saying that. I have dreamed of this moment since I was a little girl.'

"You have been dreaming about having sex with me all your life?"

`Yes sir, all my life. Every time we visited and I got to watch you and dad, I knew I wanted to take care of you. I wanted to make love to you. I wanted to make you happy. I can remember me riding on your knee as a young girl as we pretended I was riding a horse. Me bouncing up and down on your knee, my pussy felt so good every time your leg hit it. I love that feeling and I never wanted it to stop. Don't you remember when you told me it was time to stop and I gave you my pouty look and I kept asking you to do it again. I wanted to do it again and again because of the way you made me feel.'

"I have to admit that I knew something was different from you. Not only when we did that but any time you and I horsed around or you getting up close to me when we were watching TV, making sure you had yourself pressed as tightly as you could against me. I just thought that was what all girls did with their granddad."

`Did you ever feel anything?'

"I feel bad for saying this but yes, I did, especially when you were a teenager."

`Why didn't you do anything about it?'

"Because you were my granddaughter, my Princess. I knew it would have been wrong for me to do anything. I didn't want you to think your granddad was an old pervert who wanted to fool around with his granddaughter."

`I wish you would have Granddad. I thought about it all the time. When we were playing around, did you ever get sexually excited?'

"I hate to admit it but I did."

`Why do you like to admit it?'

"Because I knew it was wrong for me to have those feelings towards my granddaughter."

`I don't think it was wrong at all. Let me ask you this, those times when you did get sexually excited, what did you do with yourself?'

"If there was no one in the house, I would go up to the bathroom and masturbate and if there was people in the house, I would go out to the barn or behind the barn and masturbate.".

`And what or who you think about while you masturbated?'

"About you. What you would look like naked? I mean I've seen in a bikini many times and even in tight shorts but I always wondered what you look like naked."

`Even as a young girl?'

"When you were young, yes."

`Did you have a big orgasm with lots of cum when you thought about me?'

"Some of the biggest."

That made me smile so big, thinking that my Granddad was thinking about me, my young naked body, while he stroked his cock. My pussy began to throb again and I wanted to fuck him so bad at that very moment but I had a couple more questions and I wanted him to recover so he could give me another load of his delicious cum.

`If you thought it was wrong then, do you feel it's wrong now?'

"Not as bad as when you were a girl."

`Have you masturbated yourself, thinking about me since I've been here?'

"Yes, a few times."

`Have you masturbated, thinking about me, on other visits from me?'

"Yes."

`Since when?'

"Always."

I was dumbfounded. Not that he thought about me while masturbating by he had been thinking about me since I was a little girl. He had had the same thoughts and feelings I was having towards him all these years.

`Did you ever think about fucking me or just what I looked like naked?'

"I'm ashamed to say that I did think about fucking you."

`It was nothing to be ashamed about Granddad. I had the same thoughts about having you fuck me. Me laying on my back with my legs wide open for you. You getting in between me and whispering into my ear, `I love you Princess' and then having your hard cock enter me and then fucking me. Those were some of the best dreams and wishes I had. Between you and dad, I wanted to be the one who you wanted to fuck.'

"Are you telling me that you fucked your dad also?".

`Yes sir, many, many times. In fact, the first time he fucked me was right here at the farm.'

"While we were all here? When was this?"

`Yes, while y'all were all here, either inside or outside. We started when I was young, the first time was in the pond out in the woods. Then after, any time we could get together without being caught. It was a lot easier here at the farm than it home. There are so many hiding spots here at the farm and in the woods. If we were here visiting, we probably fucked two or three times every day while we were here.'

"I had no idea."

`I was always hoping you would have caught us and then joined in. That would have been the best thing that could ever had happened to me. Having both men that I love more than anything fuck me over and over. We would have had so much fun. Did you ever think about me when you were fucking grandmother?'

"A few times."

I gave him my pouty lip. `Only a few times?'

"Okay, it was more than just a few times, especially when you were here visiting me. I would get so horny sometimes that I had to go fuck your grandmother and she was always wondering why I was always so enthusiastic about having sex when y'all were here. Little did she know, that I was thinking about fucking you while I fucked her. Don't get me wrong, I love fucking your grandmother because I loved her so, so very much. I couldn't get enough of her."

`Now you have me.'

With that, I got on top of him and slid his still rock hard cock inside me, burying it up to his balls. He felt so fucking good inside me. I just sat there with my hands on his chest, looking into his eyes. I slowly started rocking up and down, taking his cock almost all the way out and then pushing myself all the way down, over and over.

`Does this feel good Granddad?'

"Yes Princess, it feels wonderful."

I loved him calling me Princess while we fucked. I fucked him for a good five minutes or so like that and then I got off and got on my back and opened my legs for him..

`Come fuck your Princess, Granddad.'

He got between my legs and I guided him inside me. I was so wet, he slid in easily and my pussy tightened around his cock. After all these years, I had what I wanted.

`Fuck me hard Granddad. Fuck your Princess like you always dreamt about. Show me how you take care of your Princess.'

He did that that time and twice more that evening. The first time, I let him cum inside me. Having his warm cum fill my belly was glorious. I kept telling him, that he must have been a porn star when he was younger because he had so much stamina. 

I knew by the way he fucked me, that my grandmother must've been a very happy woman. Him and my dad had that in common, they both could fuck over and over, filling all my holes. Fuck I wish I could have had both of them fuck me at one time, one in each hole, fucking me for hours on end.

We fucked every day and night while I was there and every time I visit. I modeled for him everywhere...showing my body to him and then letting him fuck me whenever, where ever and however he wanted. I played all the roles for him...all my outfits. He had never seen a shaved pussy...never went down on a woman (not even my Grandmother) ...never fucked an ass. I showed him things he could never imagine.

We had a routine...I would let him eat me when we woke...I made breakfast while naked...after he ate...I would suck him right there at the table. I would then take him for a walk...stop somewhere new and let him fuck me. After that he was worn out so he would go take a morning nap for a couple of hours until lunch. 

While he napped...I would go put on one of my outfits and take short stuff out for some fun...he loved the school girl outfit. hee hee

After lunch...I would take a few really slutty outfits and we would drive to some abandon mill or something...there I would model and strip for him as he took pictures. We always fucked the way he wanted...I was his slut and wanted to please him so what he wanted I gave. He loved when I played with myself and shoved his face in my cunt and made him lick me dry. He even reamed my ass. He was tired by then so we would go back so he could nap again and get his strength back. 

While he napped I usually drove to town (30 miles away) and shop for food and new "outfits" and stuff. At night I would play different roles to get him off...I would make him do things and say things he would never do. If he wouldn't I would go all pouty and he would give in and do what I wanted. Even made him let me fuck his ass with my strap-on. 

Once again, there is so much more to this story with my Granddad, dad and animals. There is so much more details I want to go into with you. I left the story not as explicit like I wanted because I like going into descriptive details of all the sex, especially describing what I did, what we did, how things felt, how things tasted. I love describing in detail every aspect of my body, every detail of the cocks, the cum, the where and how, the toys, the animals, everything that is wonderful about talking about sex and the enjoyment of sex. I did not make it explicit because I want you to tell me whether you like the story and whether you want me to go into all the details. I love writing and telling my stories but it's the people that read the stories and give me feedback that I really get hot and horny about. If I can please you, then I can please myself so please do write a comment back to me and tell me whether you liked it or not and whether I should write more and with more detail. Until I hear from you...

mbknowdogluv@yahoo.com
