Real World Update
by Vanessa Evans

Before you read this part I strongly suggest that you read the earlier parts before reading this. It will give you the background that will make this part a lot more enjoyable.

Willow - Our New Family Member - Part 05

Thursday

Jon woke early and decided to wake me in his usual way. I woke up to the sight of Willow looking down at us and rubbing her pussy.

After Jon had erupted inside me and withdrawn, Willow jumped onto the bed beside him, looked down at his wet and shrinking cock and said,

“Can I suck it? I want to see what Vanessa’s pussy tastes like.”

She didn’t wait for an answer and had half of Jon’s cock in her mouth before he had the chance to answer. After a few seconds Jon lifted her head off his cock and said,

“What I was going to say was that you could taste Vanessa’s pussy at Vanessa’s pussy. Why taste it second hand.”

“Can I?”

“Of course you can, but you’ll find that my cum is mixed with her juices.”

“That’s even better.” Willow replied as she leapt from between Jon’s legs to between mine.

Willow wasn’t that good at pussy licking but it was only her first attempt, I think.


When Jon realised that I wasn’t about to cum he lifted Willow’s head up and said,

“What I had planned for yesterday evening, but didn’t get round to, was to introduce you to butt plugs. Vanessa did order some for you didn’t she?”

“Yeah, but I’ve been a bit scared to try one yet.”

“Go and get one.”

Willow got off the bed and ran to her room. Within a minute she was back holding a little stainless steel butt plug with a fake pink diamond.

“Get that bottle of hand cream Willow.”

She did then got on her hands and spread knees between Jon and I giving us both a beautiful sight.

She jumped a little as Jon squirted some cream onto her butt.

“Relax Willow, it won’t hurt.”


Jon easily slid the butt plug into her wet vagina saying,

“Just getting some natural lubrication.”

“That’s nice.” She replied then oh!” as Jon slowly presented the plug to her butt hole.”

“Relax Willow.”

She must have been relaxed because the plug slowly disappeared and her sphincter closed around it, locking it in place.

“There, it’s in Willow, how does it feel?”

“Sort of funny; but nice. Can I get up and walk around?”

“Of course.”

She did and was smiling as she accepted that it wasn’t going to fall out.

“It’s nice, not as nice as my Lush or other vibrators, but still nice. Can I wear it to school please?”

“Squat down and gently pull it out then wait for a couple of minutes then you put it back in.” Jon said.

We watched as she did just that then stood up.

“That was easy;” she said, “I can take it out when I want to poo then put it back in. So can I wear it to school?”

“I guess so, but not every day, okay?”

“Okay Jon, I promise.”

“Right; time to get showered and dressed.”

“Jon,” Willow asked, “Are you going to fuck me in my butt?”

“Yes Willow; but not for a while, I want to fuck your pussy first.”

 “Are you going to do that now?”

“No; off you go.”



When Willow came down for breakfast she was wearing another see-through top and a soft, mesh micro skirt that was very form-fitting, and see-through.

She turned to have her back to us then bent at the waist and said,

“Looks good doesn’t it?”

“Awesome.” Jon said. “If that doesn’t turn a few heads I don’t know what will.”

“That tube top looks good as a skirt Willow.” I said, “I like the way it rides up over your butt when you bend over.”

“I’m going to do a lot of that today; I want the whole school to see my pink jewel.”



When I dropped Willow off in the car park I watched her little butt sway as she walked away. A pang of jealousy hit me again.

“Oh to be a schoolgirl again. Maybe I should have signed up for the last term of year 13. I wonder if it’s too late?” I thought.

I was snapped out of it when I saw a girl run up to Willow and give her a hug. As the hug broke I saw Willow pull her skirt back down over her butt.

“That must be that Laura girl. Quite cute.” 


When I got back home I immediately went up to the bedroom, switched the computer on and inserted my Lush.

“There must be someone, somewhere in the world that wants to watch me and control this wonderful vibrator.” I thought.

There was; in fact within 30 minutes there were over a hundred voyeurs watching me writhe, tremble, jerk, moan, giggle, and of course orgasm. I lasted about an hour before I had to switch everything off before I’d black out.



I collected Willow at the same time and watched her walk towards the car with Laura and 2 other girls; all were laughing and giggling. I’d got out of the car to enjoy the afternoon sun and start my tan for the year and was leaning back on the car with my dress just covering my slit.

“Hi V.” Willow said.

“Hi girls.” I replied.

The four of them stopped just in front of me and Willow introduced me as her sister to Laura, Hailey and Scarlett.

“I see where you get the liking for short skirts from Willow.” Scarlett said.

The others giggled then Laura said that they had to go or else they’d miss the bus. 

“Nice to meet you Vanessa.” Two of them said as the quickly walked away.



“Making new friends Willow?” I said as we got into the car.

“Yeah, they were sat with Laura at lunchtime when I got there. I was a bit late because I had to go and see Mr. Devine.”

“Been a naughty girl have we? No, don’t tell me, wait until dinner.”


Willow ran straight to her room when we got home and I saw her pink diamond as the nothing skirt rode up as she climbed the stairs.


I had to shout twice to get her to come down to eat. She looked a little flushed.


“What have you been up to Willow?” Jon asked.

“Nothing.”

“Willow; remember, the whole truth and nothing but the truth was what you promised.” Jon replied.

“Yes; sorry, are you going to punish me?”

“Not this times. Now tell me what you were doing just now, then tell us what you got up to at school.”

“I was on the internet letting dirty old men control my Lush.”

“Nothing wrong with that.” Jon replied.

“One wanted to do a private chat, said he wanted to know where I lived. It’s okay, I didn’t reply to the request.”

“Good; but you could have lied and said ‘London’; after all, you do have a bit of a London accent.”


Willow then went on to tell us about her day. Apparently she’d been quite popular with lots of the boys wanting her to bend over and properly show them her pink diamond. She’s obliged most of the requests; even one from a teacher.

About 30 minutes before lunchtime she’d been called to the principal’s office. When she got there Mr. Devine had asked her if she had lost anything. When she said that someone had stolen her dress and shoes from the gym he told her that they hadn’t been stolen, that he’d taken them ‘for safe keeping’.

He pointed to a chair at the back of the room and Willow saw her ‘dress’ and shoes.

“I had to walk through the school and out to Vanessa’s car total naked because you decided to keep them safe. It’s a good job that everyone had gone home.” She said.

“I thought that it was best that way.” Mr. Devine 

“But it was soo embarrassing. What if there had been lots of people in the corridors?”

“I’m sure that you’d have got over it. Anyway, go and pick them up; I’m sure that you can find somewhere to keep them until you go home.”

Willow then went over to the chair. Remembering what I had told her about bending over to flash her butt she spread her legs a bit and bent at the waist giving Mr. Devine a fantastic view of her butt and pussy.

“Hold it right there girl.” Mr Devine said.

She did, and waggled her butt a bit as he walked over to her and pressed on the diamond.

“What’s this girl?”

“A butt plug sir; and I thought that you weren’t supposed to call me a girl.”

“That’s in public, in private I’ll call you whatever I like.”

With that Mr. Devine pulled the plug out of her butt and was, presumably looking at it, and Willow’s butt hole.

After a couple of minutes she felt the butt plug on her pussy and he pushed it into her vagina saying,

“So wet; not the slightest bit of resistance. You are such a horny little slut Willow.”

With that he pulled it out and eased it into her butt.

“Thank you sir.”

“Pick those things up and off you go to lunch.”

Willow did, and she said that she didn’t pull her skirt back down until she went out of his office.


At that point in her recollection of the day’s events, Jon stopped her and asked,

“So what did you feel like when you realised that Mr. Devine was walking over to you Willow?”

“Horny.”

“What else?”

“Embarrassed, wet, my whole body was shaking a little and my pussy and nipples were tingling and aching something rotten. My pussy was dripping as well; I even checked the floor to see if I was making a puddle.”

“And what did you want?”

“I wanted him to tell me to get properly naked and for him to use me, to finger fuck me, to play with my little tits and to really fuck me.”

“Wow Willow, you know that that makes you don’t you?”

“A slut?”

“Yes; and a submissive. I bet that if he’d told you to strip naked and to spend the rest of the day in classes, total naked, you would have done so.”

“Yes I would; I wanted him to tell me that. And if you told me to go to a restaurant or go shopping totally naked with you and V, I would do it.”

“Yes, I bet that you would.”

Jon turned to me and said,

“What have you been teaching this girl V?”

“I don’t think that I could teach her to have those feelings and desires in the short time that she’s been here. Okay, I’ve given her lots of ideas as to how she can express herself but she must be a born slut and submissive. I’m really glad that she’s here with us.”

“So am I.”

Willow also added,

“So am I.”

Jon reached over and pinched her nearest nipple then held up her chin and said,

“You’re one amazing little girl Willow.”

“Thank you Jon; I love you.” 

“Okay guys, get the mush over and continue your story Willow.” I said.

She did, and told us that when she’d got to the canteen Laura was sat with the 2 other girls, Hailey and Scarlett. She’d joined them and they’d talked. Both Scarlett and Hailey telling her that they wished that they were as brave as she was. Willow had told them that it was easy and then told them what had happened in the gym after school the day before and what had just happened in Mr. Devine’s office.

“He pulled your butt plug out and pushed it into your pussy?”

“Yep, it was nice.”

“I just knew that he is a perv.” Hailey said.

“Totally.” Hailey added.

Then Willow had told them that it was okay being a perv just as long as he doesn’t touch a girl if she doesn’t want to be touched.

“And you want to be touched.” Scarlett asked.

“Fuck yes. I like having men’s hands on me.”

“And in you?” Hailey asked.

“Fuck yes. They make me cum and that’s always nice.”


They’d all agreed; then Willow told Laura that she could borrow the dress that she’d been wearing the day before.

“Are you sure?”

“Of course; we can leave it in your locker and you can change into it when you get here in the morning.”


That agreed; they talked some more about all sorts until the bell rang and they all went to their next class.


When Willow was finished Jon asked her about her lessons during the morning and afternoon.

“Oh those, Laura and I flashed our pussies at the teachers but they are either gay or have seen thousands of girl’s pussies because they look a lot but they never do anything else.”

“I think that there’s a risk of them losing their jobs if they did anything else.”

“I wouldn’t complain.”

“Yes, I’m sure that you wouldn’t but some girls are just teases and if the man, or woman, tried to follow it through they would scream rape or inappropriate behaviour and it would be difficult for the school to cover that up.”

“I’m not like that.”

“I know but the teachers don’t know that yet.”

“I’ll have to tell them.”

“I’d like to hear that conversation.” Jon said.

After a pause Jon asked,

“Have you still got the butt plug in Willow?”

“No, I took it out as soon as I got home from school.”

“Good; it’s probably best that you don’t wear it all day and all night.”

“I wouldn’t be able to poo if I did.”

“Yeah, very good, you know what I mean.”

“Okay Jon, I was just joking. 


“There was a special assembly just after lunch today; all the teachers and 1 boy were on the stage. Mr. Devine told us that the boy had been caught with some drugs and that he was going to get a public spanking. 

Mr. Devine called him to the front of the stage and told him to take his clothes off. As his underpants came off quite a few girls started giggling at his hard-on. It was only about half the size of yours Jon. 

A little table was brought out and the boy had to bend over it with his back to us and him holding the other end of the table. Then all of the teachers took turns to spank him 5 times with either their hand or paddle thing that was a bit like a table tennis bat but longer.

After the third teacher had spanked him, we could hear the boy crying.

By the end of it his butt was bright red.

When he stood up Mr. Devine told him walk along the front of the stage 3 times while he, Mr. Devine that is, went on about the ‘evils’ of drugs to us all.   

The poor boy kept trying to rub his butt, but each time that he did he got another swat from Mr. Devine.

The boy’s cock was soft when he first stood up after his punishment but it got hard again as he walked across the stage and back. It was still hard when he stood next to Mr. Devine and was made to promise not to touch drugs again.

Mr. Devine told him that he could collect his clothes from his office at the end of the day. I didn’t see him again today.”


Jon interrupted Willow again and asked her what her feelings were when she saw the boy stripping and getting spanked.

“It sort of turned me on. My stomach and pussy started tingling and I could feel my pussy getting wet. Does that mean that I wanted to be up there getting punished instead of the boy Jon?”

“Maybe.” Jon replied.


“Oh, I nearly forgot to tell you,” Willow replied. 

“I saw 2 bottomless girls and one bottomless boy, he had a nice hard-on, walking down the corridor between lessons this morning, and then again in the canteen at lunchtime. Laura told me that they were being punished but she didn’t know what for. By the way Jon, it wasn’t as big as yours.”

“Hmm,” Jon said, “are you going to be a good or a bad girl Willow?”

“Bad; I hope.”


Willow went off to her room to play with her Lush again and Jon and I talked for a while before doing the jobs that needed to be done then we went to bed.

During the conversations I said,

“Jon, I’ve been getting really jealous of Willow parading around school in next to nothing. Do you think that I could maybe get a job at the school so that I can do the same?”

“Only one way to find out; phone him, or better still go and see him wearing something totally see-through. If that sight doesn’t make him find something then he isn’t the man I thought he is. You should be able to twist him round your little finger. Maybe he’ll want an Art class model or Human Biology subject for demonstrations.”

“That would be good. I think that I’ll go and see him when I pick Willow up in the afternoon.”



Friday

Willow again came into our room before I woke up and watched Jon wake me up. She asked Jon if she could clean his cock and as she did Jon promised to give her a lesson in blowjobs and pussy eating on the Saturday morning.

That gave her some more enthusiasm and she managed to get Jon to fill her mouth before he told her to go and take a shower.


Willow came down to breakfast wearing a halter top that is more like a bib top; thin, showing the sides of her tiny tits and quite see-through. The skirt that she was wearing was one of the bikini cover-up skirts that we got her; too small, very thin and not going all the way around her. I wondered if she’d slide it around sometime and leave her pussy uncovered.


As we arrived at the school we saw the school minibus arrive.

“You’ll be on that on Monday Willow, do you know where you have to go to catch it?”

“Yeah, go out of our long drive, turn left and walk to the next cross roads. It should only take me five minutes.”

“Good, I don’t want you spending very long out on that road, especially wearing the sort of clothes that you go to school in.”

“Don’t worry V; I know how to look after myself. I know where to kick a man and where his eyes are.”

“I think that maybe we should organise some self-defence lessons for you.”

“Only if the instructor is a cute man.”

I laughed and shook my head sideways.


After another morning spending too much time online with my Lush and too little time doing the housework; I left home early to go and see Mr. Devine. I took Jon’s advice and wore nothing other than 6 inch heels and a slightly see-through summer dress.

“Knock him dead.” I said to myself as I checked myself out in the mirror, confirming that I could see my nipples and slit through the dress.

Then I had an idea and put my Lush back in my hole and my phone in my bag.

When I got to the school I got my phone out and fired up my Lush on a program that would be quite gentle but give me blasts of bone shaking vibrations. In a way I hoped that one of those blasts would hit me when I was talking to him.


I had to wait to get to see Mr. Devine because he was in the gym ‘checking’ on the PE lesson; the one that Willow was in. I wondered which sport she had chosen to take part in.

As I waited, my Lush gave me a blast of intense vibrations which made my body twitch and jerk and I moaned. It wasn’t a long blast and I quickly composed myself and I was stood with my feet apart and my back to the window when Mr. Devine walked up. I could see by the smile on his face that he was looking through my dress to my slit and the rest of my body.

“Hello Vanessa, what can I do you for?”

I registered his play on the words but I ignore them.

“I’ve been thinking about your offer of a place in year 11 for the rest of the school year.”

“Oh yes, you would be very welcome.”

“Well, becoming a full-time student again would be too much for me but I was wondering if you had any part-time vacancies that I could apply for; maybe an Art class model or Human Biology subject for demonstrations; and hopefully on a Tuesday, Wednesday and a Friday.”

“That sounds very interesting” he replied and I noticed his eyes staring at my rock hard nipples.

“Come into my office and we can discuss this further.”

I followed him in and he directed me to a chair where he could see my legs when he sat at his desk. I sat lazily with my knees apart. He stared up my short dress.

“Now let me see, you would be prepared to pose naked and lie on a table naked and let students examine all of your body, visually and physically?”

“Yes, I gave up a full-time job to look after Willow and while she is at school I’m finding that I have time on my hands.”

“If I decided that we needed those positions I would need to visually examine all of your body to make sure that the students didn’t get a shock when they first saw you.”

“Of course, I understand, would you like me to disrobe now?”

“That’s a good idea, may as well get that part over with.”

I stood up and slipped the spaghetti straps over my shoulders. My dress descended to the floor and I stepped out of it, now totally naked apart from my 6 inch heels. I then did a slow 360 then bent over (knees straight) with my back to him letting him get a great view of my butt and wet pussy with my Lush sticking out.

As I did that I remember that he’s seen me naked in the shower the previous Wednesday and that this little charade was totally unnecessary; but my pussy and nipples were enjoying it.

“What is that pink thing hanging between your legs Vanessa? Is it some sort of super tampon?”

I just managed to say “No” when the Lush kicked in again. This time it was a longer, stronger blast and my body reacted as it always does in those circumstances.

I stood there, feet apart, shaking, jerking, grabbing my pussy, grabbing my tits, moaning, and after a couple of minutes, cumming. How I managed to stay on my feet I shall never know, but I did.

As I started to calm down I looked at Mr. Devine and saw that he was mesmerised. It was like he’d never seen a woman have an orgasm before, but I suspect that he’s seen hundreds of teenage girls have orgasms over the years of administering corporal punishment to them bent over the very desk that was between us.

When I was able I said,

“That is a Lush vibrator and it just kicked in and it made me cum. Is that a problem?”

“No, not at all; I’d like to see that again; perhaps you could wear it whilst modelling for the Art class or whilst your body is being discussed and examined in Human Biology.”

“I’m sure that I could arrange that; now, did I pass the inspection?” 

“You did. Let me look at the year 11 timetable for a minute or two.”

I stood there looking at him with my feet about a foot apart and waited for him to say something.

I was like that for a good 5 minutes while he studied his computer screen, occasionally looking up at me, his eyes never getting above my bald pussy that was wet and swollen, and throbbing.


“Right Vanessa, this is what I can offer you. I can introduce you as an intern at a big company who needs to brush up on your English, Geography and PE and at the same time earn some extra cash because you internship doesn’t pay much. The PE may sound a bit odd but if anyone asks you can say that you had to pick another subject and that you like PE.

“I can give you a lessons schedule that will include the mentioned subjects. The Human Biology and Art will be mainly for year 12 and 13, not the year 11 class that you will be in, but I’m sure that I can arrange for your classmates to draw and examine you at some point during the rest of the semester. You will be doing PE with the whole of year 11 so they’ll get a good look at your body then.

“I can see that you want me to be naked for most of the time during the 3 days a week that I will be here. I assume that you expect me to take PE naked as well?”

“That is what you want isn’t it Vanessa? to be naked in front of dozens of people. I’m sure that you will be able to make up some excuse for being naked; some medical condition perhaps.”

Just about any fool could have worked out that that was what I really wanted but to actually hear someone say it was a little embarrassing and I felt my face flush.

I thought back to the previous night and the conversation with Jon and Willow and confirmed to myself that Willow and I are so alike.

“Yes, but do I need an excuse? After all, the schools dress code does not exclude nudity does it?”

“You’re right; no excuse is needed, you can be naked all the time if you wish; and so can your little sister. With what she’s been wearing since she started here she may as well be naked.”

I thought about my conversation with willow about it all being about the tease and the lust of the voyeur, and decided not to tell her - yet.

“Can I get dressed now please?”

“Yes, of course.”

I slipped my dress over my head and let it fall into position.

“What about discipline, would I be subject to the same disciplinary rules as the rest of the students?”

“Absolutely. If you commit any offences you will be spanked just the same as any other student.”

“Okay, I’m sure that I can get Jon to agree to this, can you get the necessary paperwork drawn and email it to Jon? He’ll sign it and send it back to you. Also, email him details of the fees and he’ll arrange the payment. I assume that I have to report to you on Tuesday morning.”

With that I turned and left, waggling my butt as I went, just knowing that Mr. Devine would be watching every step.


On the way out I looked at the clock on the wall. I still had 30 minutes before the end of the school day, and out in the corridor I decided that I’d go to the gym to see if I could watch Willow doing gymnastics – if that was what she had decided to do that day. 

I walked through the deserted changing room and into the gym and looked around. Willow was nowhere to be seen but I did see a couple of girls with their feet a lot higher than their heads and their clothing exposing their tits and pussies.

I felt my pussy get wetter thinking about me being like that next week.

After a few minutes a male teacher came over and asked me if he could help me.

“Yes, I’m going to be a student starting next Tuesday and I was just looking for my little sister Willow.”

“Oh interesting; yes, Willow; how could I not know Willow, and I see the similarities.”

His eyes were going from my tits to my pussy which he could see through the material of the dress. After a few seconds he continued,


“I believe that Willow is in the small gym; back into the changing room and take the door marked ‘Gym 2’.”

“Thank you.” I said and turned to leave.

I felt his eyes on my butt as I left.


In gym 2, I saw 2 girls wrestling and a teacher refereeing, and 6 other kids sat watching. Willow was one of them. She was wearing the little tennis skirt and the only bikini top that I’d bought for her; 2 very small triangles and 4 strings, all appeared to be loosely tied.

The referee stopped the match and then called out Willow’s name and a boy’s name. He still had his back to me and didn’t see me.

Willow and this boy started tackling each other and it wasn’t long before they were on the floor, Willow’s skirt up around her waist and the bikini top twisted so that one breast was exposed. I smiled and wondered if I’d get the chance to do some wresting.

The boy was obviously distracted by Willow’s wardrobe malfunctions and she was soon on top of him. She spun around so that she was facing his feet and pinned his arms down with her shins. He was looking up right into her bare pussy and butt. Well I say looking up at her but that’s not true, her butt and pussy were pressing down on his face, I wondered if he was licking her pussy.


I watched 2 more quick matches (one of them a boy vs a girl but the stupid boy won); before the bell rang. It was then that the teacher turned and saw me.

“Can I help you child?”

“Child, I like that.” I thought, then said,

“No; it’s okay, I’m Willows older sister and I will be starting here on Tuesday. I was just looking for her.”

“Oh yes, Willow. She appears to enjoy wresting.”

I ignored the reference to ‘she’ instead of ‘the child’, or similar.

“I’m coming back to school part-time and PE will be one of my subjects, maybe I’ll do wrestling some of the time.”

“I’ll look forward to that. As you can see, Willow is now in the changing room; you can go and wait for her in there if you like.”

I did; she had got naked and was walking to the showers when I found her. I said hello and then watched the girls and boys have a shower. She was right about some of them getting themselves off whilst watching the other sex do the same. I found it quite arousing and couldn’t help reaching under my skirt and rubbing myself to an orgasm as well.

One of the boys who had already cum, walked passed me and said,

“You should have got undressed and taken a shower then I could have properly watched you.”

“Maybe next week.” I replied.


When Willow was dry and dressed we walked out and to the car. On the way Laura came up to us and gave Willow a bag. As we got close to the car I couldn’t resist telling her my good new and she stopped and gave me a hug.

“Thank you V, it will be great having an older sister at school. Maybe I can draw you in Art classes. I’ll be sure to get all the details of you pussy right.”


As we drove home I said,

“You should have gone to gymnastics today Willow, 2 girls were wearing skirts with no underwear and were doing handstands.”

“If I had I wouldn’t have been the only one flashing my goodies, I wouldn’t have been the centre of attraction for the boys and maybe some of the girls.”

“Okay, point taken.”

“Was one of the girls Laura? She was wearing a skirt for PE today but I didn’t see which sport she went to. That’s her skirt in that bag; she’s asked me to shorten it. I think that I’ll make it the same length as mine.“

“Won’t her mother find it?”

“Way ahead of you V. Laura says that she’ll leave it in her locker at school.”


Back home we carried out what has become a routine and talked about our days. Jon was impressed about Willow wrestling and she asked if she could wrestle him sometime.

“Yes; of course; IF you promise to sit on my face; and I WILL eat your pussy.”

We talked about me going back to school for 3 days a week and Jon made me promise to get naked at school as often as I could.

“That should be easy.” I said.

Willow also told us that Laura had changed into the see-through dress that she (Willow) had worn on Wednesday. There were now 2 girls with their tits, slits and butts on display in their class.

Willow asked if it was okay that she had told Laura that she could borrow more of her clothes. Of course Jon said that it was.


When I later went upstairs I looked in to Willow’s room and she was shaking and jerking and giggling. I wondered how many people were watching her and paying to control her Lush.


Jon stopped her at 11 pm and told her to get some sleep.



Saturday

The first part of the morning was spent teaching Willow how to give good blowjobs, take a cock right into her throat and how to eat pussy. The easiest way to do the later was for Jon and me to take turns eating her pussy and for her to do to me what we had done to her. That was new to Willow and she loved it. 

She also enjoyed learning how to get all Jon’s cum on her tongue then stick her tongue out so that he could see it as she looked up at him and waiting to be told to swallow it.
 

By the time we finished, all 3 of us had cum twice.

Willow is now getting good at taking all of Jon’s cock into her mouth and throat without gagging. She gets a bit red faced before she pushes back and gasps air in with saliva dribbles out of her mouth like it does mine when I do it. The second time that Jon came was in her throat he held her there until he’d finished. Then he pulled her head back and she was gasping and some of his cum came out of her nose. We all had a good laugh before showering. I showed Willow how I used to shave myself and asked her if she had plucked her pubes lately because I hadn’t seen any.

“No, I guess that the change of climate has stopped them growing.” She replied.

“I doubt that but slow growth is a good thing. We’ll still get any that do grow permanently removed.”

After we’d got dried Willow inserted her Ben Wa balls in front of Jon and I. Then she reminded us that Jon had said that she could go to school with them in on Monday if they didn’t drop out during the day.

Jon smiled and confirmed that that was what he had said.  


That afternoon Willow and I went for a walk round the woods and only saw 2 men with their dogs. Both dogs came and sniffed our pussies and butts when the men stopped to talk to us. It’s always the same questions.


In the evening Jon took us to a restaurant for diner to celebrate Willow’s first week at her new school and my impending going back to school.

Willow and I both wore slightly see-through dresses and Jon told us to wear our Lush vibes. We checked each other out just before we left and the tails of both our Lush’s were showing as we walked.

“We could bend them towards our pubes.” I said; then we both replied in unison,

“Naw.” Then laughed.


As we drove there Jon told us that we were to try to keep calm all evening and to not let anyone know what was going on inside us.


Jon used his phone to switch them both on as soon as we sat down, bare butts on the wooden chairs. Willow gasped then moaned as hers came on.

“Willow; quiet please.”

“I’ll try.”

As the diner progressed there was the odd shudder or jerk from both of us but in general we both managed to hold it; although I couldn’t wait to get outside.


When the deserts arrived Jon said,

“I went for my annual medical check-up this morning. I saw our usual doctor and he apologised for not being able to see us when we went to get Willow on the pill. He said that he hoped his colleague was satisfactory. 

Then he said that he’d spoken to him earlier that day and discovered that he has a new patient. He’s looking forward to meeting you Willow.

“Will he make me cum?”

“If he deems it necessary to examine you internally he probably will.”

Jon continued,

“Well, as I was talking to our doctor my phone buzzed to tell me that I had a new text message. When I read it later it was to ask me to phone the new doctor. When I did he asked me if I was still interested in the club that he had mentioned. When I said that I was he gave me the details.”

“So are we going to join it then? Willow asked. I was very interested as well. 

“What he told me was that it’s called the ‘O’ Club’ and it meets once a month in a private room at a pub in town. Men can only join and go to meetings if they take a woman with them. When they do they can enter their woman into one or both of the 2 x 15 minutes sessions. The women have to be naked from when they arrive. 

In the first session the women have to make themselves cum as many times as they can using just their hands.

In the second session, all members, male and female, can use their hands to make any of the participants cum.

The women have to lie on tables and wear a heart monitor on their wrists that transmits their heart rate to a judge who determines an orgasm by a peak in the heart rate.

The Junior section is for girls under 16 and there is only the masturbation section. However, girls can enter the adult’s competition if the person who brought them allows them.”

“When can we go? And can we go every month? Maybe you could start an ‘after school ‘O’ club’ for the girls at school.”

“Woah there little one. Slow down. Let’s get the first couple of competitions over before we even think about setting up an ‘after school’ session, although I do like the idea of a bunch of young teenage girls competing to see who can cum the most while I watch.”

“When is the next meeting?” I asked.

“Saturday at the Red Lion.”

“We’ve been there before haven’t we? Didn’t you make me sit with my knees open in front of that group of young men?”

“No I didn’t ‘make you’ V; you did it of your own violation.”

“Just kidding; of course I did; I’d have taken my dress off for them if you’d told me to.”

“You’d strip naked in a busy pub V.” Willow asked.

“Been there, done that; a few times.” I replied.

“Wow, can I strip naked now.” Willow asked before another spoon full of ice cream went into her mouth. 

“No.” Jon and I both replied; then Jon added;

“Wait until we’re outside.”

“I hope that’s soon because I really need to cum.” Willow said.

“Me too.” I added.

“Patience girls; keep holding it and finish your deserts.”

“I’m not sure that I can.” Willow replied.

“You can, and you will if you don’t want to lose computer privileges for a week.”

“Not fair; child torture is illegal.”


“Right,” Jon said, “that’s next Saturday’s evening entertainment sorted out, lets concentrate on tonight’s.”


Both Willow and I did manage to avoid cumming, even though Jon upped the intensity of the vibrations. 

Jon kept us sat there while he paid the bill and poor Willow was sweating as she struggled to hold back her orgasm. As soon as Jon said that we could go Willow was off; almost running out of the restaurant.

It didn’t help that Jon turned her Lush up to full power as she quickly walked. I heard a little scream from her as she opened the door and when we got outside she was stood next to Jon’s car, her dress on the ground, almost bent over double, and shaking and cumming like never before.

Jon just smiled, but I joined Willow and orgasmed whilst I stood next to her.


Willow didn’t put her dress back on and continued rubbing her pussy all the way home; possibly because Jon left her Lush tormenting her. Thankfully he turned mine off.



Sunday

Willow didn’t emerge until 10 am although when I went passed her room about an hour previous, she was awake, lying on top of her quilt and she had her right hand on her pussy. I didn’t interrupt her but I did notice that her computer was on and that she had one of those webcam sites on the screen. I think that she was giving a live broadcast.

When I told Jon he just said,

“Let the girl have her fun.”

“I did.” I replied. “Maybe we should perform on live webcam ourselves?”

“Maybe I should setup webcams downstairs and you can have your own reality webcam show as you do the housework.” Jon replied.

“Now that sounds like fun.”


Anyway, after Willow finished her breakfast and had a shower, Jon told us that we were going shopping for some more clothes for Willow, and this time he was coming so that he could watch us flashing other customers.

And that’s what we did. On the way back Jon told us that he’s had a few comments from other fathers, who were waiting for their partners or daughters, about the 2 girls who got changed with the curtains open.

“Don’t worry Willow; they all liked your body.”

“Good.” She replied.


That evening I supervised / helped Willow shorten Laura’s skirt and some of the new clothes that we bought. Willow is getting quite a wardrobe of summer clothes. Most of them are see-through and all the dresses and skirts are ultra-short. Some prudes would call them ‘obscenely’ short.

Willow packed Laura’s skirt and a few dresses / tops that she was going to lend to Laura, into her school bag ready for the next day.



Monday

Monday was a big day for Willow. She was going to school on the school bus for the first time and she would have to walk along a public road for a couple of hundred yards then stand around waiting for the bus; but that didn’t stop her from dressing very scantily. This time she came down for breakfast wearing a proper dress, but it was so short that I could see her slit as she walked in; and it was very see-through. 

Something looked odd about the way she looked and I had to have a longer look. When I did I could see the outline of both knickers and a bra. I realised that she was wearing a set of ‘strings only’ underwear.

“It works.” Willow said.

“What?”

“You had to have another look didn’t you? These ‘string only’ things really attract attention but they cover nothing. Whoever invented these knew what they were doing.”

“Very good Willow,” Jon said. “Are you planning on going on the school bus like that?”

“Yes.”

“And walking along the public road with all the cars going passed?”

“Yes.”

“And standing around waiting for the bus to arrive?”

“Yes Jon; what’s your point?”

“Dressed like that you’re inviting someone to stop and pick you up and rape you.”

“I can look after myself.”

“Willow, you’re 4 foot nothing and a waif of a girl. If a big man wanted to pick you up, literally, he wouldn’t have much of a problem. Vanessa will walk to the bus with you and wait until you are on the bus.”

“But she’s naked.”

“She’ll put something on that isn’t see-through.”

“Well okay, I suppose that we can talk while we walk and wait.”

“Good. By the way, you look good.”

“I’ve got my Ben Wa balls in, like you said that I could Jon.”

“Oh good.”


Fifteen minutes later we were walking down the drive then along the road to the next road junction. It took us 10 minutes, during which a couple of cars beeped their horns at Willow. I guessed that they liked what they saw.

When we got to the junction we saw another girl and 3 boys that were waiting. They weren’t wearing a school uniform and I hoped that they were waiting for the same school bus.

As we walked up to them I asked Willow if she knew them.

“No, but I think that the boy is in the other year 9 class. I seem to remember him from the showers.”

“I’m surprised that you saw his face.”

“Very funny.”


We all said ‘Hi’ to each other; then the girl asked Willow which school she was going to. When Willow answered she said,

“Oh good, it will be nice to have another 2 girls on the bus, the boys are real pigs. Not you bro, you just sit there and watch.”

“Oh I’m not going to school today. I just walked my little ‘sister’ to the bus stop to see where it was. She’s only going to be going on the bus on a Monday and Thursday. I’ll be driving us there on a Tuesday, Wednesday and Friday because we finish too late for the bus.”

“Yeah, Ben often misses the bus on a Tuesday and Friday because he’s late getting out of PE. Mum has to go and collect him. I’m Claire by the way and this is my brother Ben.”

“Willow and my big sister is Vanessa.” Willow said.

“Where do you live Claire?” I asked.

“Our parents have the farm just down there.”

It was the opposite way to which we had come, and wasn’t the farm of the farmer who used to own Jon’s field.

Just then the minibus arrived and the 5 of them got on. I noticed that Ben let Claire then Willow get on before him. I could see Willow’s bare butt and I’m sure that Ben could as well. 

It was a minibus but there were about half a dozen other kids on it and whilst it was stopped I could hear lots of noise.


Walking back home another car beeped at me. I wasn’t wearing anything see-through but my dress was really short. I smiled to myself as I guessed that the driver liked the look of my bare legs. 


I spent the rest of the day either doing housework, performing for my webcam with unknown people making my Lush drive me crazy, or feeling a bit nervous about me becoming a schoolgirl again the next day. 


Jon arrived home a bit early, and before Willow who was naked and she looked happy as she ran upstairs to dump her school things. Over the meal Willow told us,

“That school bus was fun. The boys are a lot more talkative than they are at school. One of them told me that he liked my dress and another told me to take it off. That started all the boys saying,

“Off, off, off, off.”

I didn’t take it off but when I sat down the boys behind me started reaching over and grabbing my tits. I think that they kept changing seats because the hands felt different. Some just gently touched and rubbed whilst others grabbed what little they could and squeezed.

A couple of the girls looked back but all they did was smile.

That sort of lasted until we got to school. Laura’s bus arrived at the same time and we started walking into school together. Hailey and Scarlett joined us and we walked to the lockers where I gave Laura the clothes that I was lending her. 

On the way Hailey told me that she liked my knickers. Scarlett said that she thought that I never wore knickers then looked down to the bottom of my dress.

“Oh may gawd Willow. Look at you. I want some of those.”

“My bra’s like that as well.” I said pushing my tiny tits as forwards as I could.

“You gotta tell us where you got those from” Scarlett said.

At the lockers Laura looked through the clothes that I’d brought her then put all but one dress into her locker. Then she stared taking off the dress that she was wearing. Scarlett said,

“Someone will see you Laura.” Then Hailey said,

“They’re ALL going to see ALL of her when she puts that dress on.”

Two minutes later there were now 2 girls in school who were virtually naked.


The rest of the day was quite boring except for a few comments about my underwear. I had noticed a few double-takes and one boy asked,

“What’s the point in wearing something like that?”

I didn’t answer him.

The bus home was a bit more fun. Almost as soon as the bus drove off the car park one of the boys said,

“You may as well take the dress off Willow; we’ve all been looking at your tiny tits and pussy all day and if you don’t take it off we might just have to take it off for you.”

Well I didn’t want to get my dress ripped so I stood up and took it off. As soon as it was off one of the boys grabbed my arm and pulled me onto his lap. He started groping me but after a minute or another boy told him to pass me to him.

I spent the rest of the journey being passed from one pair of groping hands to another; it was fun. Unfortunately they didn’t make me cum.”

Jon stopped her there and told her that if it gets too much for her she can easily get it stopped. Before Jon had finished what he was saying Willow continued her tale,

“No, no, they didn’t hurt me and I liked it. One of them said that they couldn’t have been groping me because I had a bikini on.

Anyway, when it got to where I had to get off the driver looked at me and smiled. As I got off, that Claire and Ben and the 2 other boys got off as well. Claire and Ben went one way and the 2 boys walked with me to the end of our drive. Then they kept walking. They didn’t try to grope me anymore and they said that they lived at another farm further down the road. Maybe I could hang with them over the school holidays. Maybe I could ask them to fuck me.”

“And maybe you couldn’t Willow.” Jon said. “Boy’s at that age find it difficult to control themselves and they could easily hurt you.”

“Maybe my big sister could hang with us as well.”

“Let’s not get ahead of ourselves Willow; we’ll be going somewhere hot during the summer.” Jon replied.

“Oh goody, I can get an all-over tan.”

“I’m sure that you’ll be able to do that Willow.” Jon said, “Now, did anything else happen today that you need to tell us about?”

“I don’t think so. Oh, I’ve still got those balls inside me. They made me feel good when I was walking around but I didn’t do much of that. I think that I’d have to walk a long way for them to make me cum.”

“They didn’t drop out then.”

“Nope, and I’ve been practising those keel exercise. I was doing them in history with my knees open and the teacher was looking at my legs.”

“And a lot more probably.” I added.


After we’d eaten Willow went up to her room to do her homework and presumably get online and expose herself to hundreds of people all over the world; with and without her Lush driving her crazy.

I took the opportunity to talk to Jon about my new life as a schoolgirl.

“Jon, I know that it’s a private school, that they make their own rules and may or may not have to abide by the laws of the land, but I’m not sure that I should spend 3 days a week naked in amongst all those teenagers. After all, I am more than twice their age.”

“For starters V you may be more than twice their age but you sure as hell don’t look it. You’re shorter than probably 75 percent of them, you weigh no more than 75 percent of them, your tits are smaller than probably 50 percent of the girls there and about 25 percent of the boys; and they are still very cone shaped. They haven’t got the slightest bit of sag and your nipples still point straight ahead. You’ve kept your face looking young and you don’t have any lines around your eyes. The only other thing is your voice. You do talk like a thirty something woman but I’m sure that you can adapt to teenage talk, and if you broaden your slight Welsh accent I’m 100 percent sure that everyone will think that you’re still a Welsh teenager. Maybe an older teenager but that’s what you are supposed to be.”

“Why thank you Master you haven’t complemented me like that in years.”

“Doms don’t compliment subs, remember.”

“Sorry Master.”

“The other thing is that this Devine bloke is in charge of the school. If he says that you can spend all day naked, or even tells you to, then you can spend all day naked. If he tells you to masturbate in front of half the school then you can masturbate in front of half the school. In that building he IS the law. If anything goes wrong it’s his head that will roll NOT yours.”

“Thank you Master. I’m not 100 percent sure that he will tell me to be naked all the time but I just wanted to clear things with you, just in case.”

“You’re a good little slave V; come and sit on this and soak it in your juices for a while.”

I did, and I easily slid down on his cock.

When we went to bed I had to tell Willow to switch off her computer.