A Crafty Halloween
By Datsun

A Crafty Halloween pt. 1

So there I was, walking through my friend’s packed Halloween house party wearing only a … well maybe I should start from the beginning!

My name is Linda and I have always loved Halloween. As a kid it was so much fun to dress up and pretend to be someone or something else for a day. However, once I became an adult Halloween took on a completely different meaning. 

I am a relatively shy, conservative person. I don’t wear revealing clothes and am generally quite modest in all my outfit choices. What most people don’t know about me is I secretly desire to be an exhibitionist, but for most of the year I curb my urges by just reading stories about characters pushing their boundaries and experiencing those kinds of adrenaline rushes. 

Fortunately there is one fabulous day every year that lets me step out of my comfort zone and dress and act in ways that are completely out of character for anyone who knows me. 

Some years I have gone as the sexy nurse, sexy police officer, Catwoman, Wonder Woman, etc. I have really enjoyed these outfits and had so much fun playing these rolls for Halloween. I really love to get into character, like a method actor!

For my friends and co-workers they are often totally caught off guard when they see me for the first time during Halloween. I think they have a hard time connecting the Halloween Linda with the everyday Linda.

This year I really wanted to come up with a costume that was more original and not one of these typical “off the shelf” sexy costumes. Last year I went as a sexy devil which I thought would be fun, only to run into a dozen other women dressed in the same costume.

My Halloween for this year really all started about a week before the big day when I met my friend Jen for coffee one afternoon. We started talking about costume ideas. Jen was totally surprised when I told her I had no ideas what to wear for this year’s Halloween.

Jen laughed and said “Well just take any outfit then remove 50% of the material and you have a sexy Halloween costume.” I laughed and said “Yeah maybe a sexy coffee barista, just wear the apron with nothing else and their is my costume!”

Jen laughed again and said “Soöo, if you really have no idea what to wear. How about you let me dress you? I am sure I can think of a few outfits that would barely cover you.” I said “Ha, yeah I bet you would, if I let you pick out my halloween costume you would probably just give me a bottle of shampoo to carry around and have me tell people I am the girl in every slasher movie who stops to take a shower!”

Jen laughed and said “See, now you are getting creative, that is a great idea, you would really make my Halloween party a hit!”

I said “Yeah, I think I am better off picking out my own costume, knowing how your mind works.”

That was when Jen came up with a suggestion she knew I could not refuse. I am a big sports fan and I take a great deal of pride in supporting my team. So of course Jen decided to pray on my weakness. 

Jen said “So, the game tonight, do you think your team will win?” I adamantly said “Hell yeah” and then Jen said “You want to bet on it?”

I was surprised to hear Jen say that, but at the same time she knows I can’t back down from a bet on my beloved team. I said “So what do you have in mind?”

Jen said “Well as you know I have this big Halloween party to host next week and would really like some great costumes to give people something to talk about, so how about if your team wins you get to pick out my costume for Halloween, but if my team wins I get to pick out your costume?”

Hmm, I thought about it for a minute. I knew if my team lost Jen would really make the most of this opportunity and have some fun at my expense. 

But then I thought “I need to have faith in my team!”. Maybe not if but when my team wins I can finally have some fun at Jen’s expense. Perhaps dressing her up in something totally over the top at her own party.

I finally smiled and put out my hand. Jen shook my hand and squealed with delight. The game was about to start so we headed off to watch it at a sports bar. 

Watching my team play is always fun, but it is so much more exciting when there is something on the line. My team started off strong and was playing great until a penalty lead to a scoring opportunity for other team in the last few seconds. I could not believe it, I was so disappointed!

That was when Jen said “Linda my dear, you are going to be the center of attention at my party. There will be a lot of people there, it is going to be so much fun!”

I sighed accepting my fate. I have made a number of bets in my life and I never take a bet if I am not willing to follow through with the consequences if I lose.

Even though I knew Jen would not go easy on me, I was curious what she had in mind. I said “So Jen, now that you have won, why don’t you enlighten me on this costume idea you have.”

Jen laughed and said “Oh Linda, it wouldn’t be any fun if I told you, it would be so much more fun if I wait until you arrive at the party next week!” 

I said “What? You want me to show up at your party with no costume? Jen just smiled and said “The wait will make it so much more exciting!”

Dammit, Jen knows how much I don’t like the unknown, how it is going to drive me crazy all week wondering what strange thing she is going to make me wear at the party. 

As we were heading out of the bar and back to my car Jen said “Look, just show up at my place on Halloween around 8pm and we will get you in your costume.”

That night my head was spinning with ideas. Jen definity had an overactive imagination. There was really nothing I could rule out. Would she make me wear a bikini with a sash that says “Miss Bikini”? Or would it be worse, she would just give me a sash to wear that says “Miss Nude”?

My mind would not stop cycling through the possibilities. I started to reason with myself that since it was Jen’s party she would not go too over the top. After all her friends and co-workers would all be there. 

Fortunately I did not work in the same industry and Jen and I had different circles of friends so I figured at least I had the anonymity of not being known by any of her guests.


A Crafty Halloween pt. 2

Finally Halloween arrived. I was so nervous on the drive over to to Jen’s place. My mind thought about every sexy Halloween costume I had ever seen and wondered what Jen was going to come up with. I sure hoped she had not read any Halloween ENF stories online, or she might have been given some really wicked ideas. 

When I arrived I approached the front door and could hear music playing. Through the front windows I could see some guests had already arrived. When I rang the doorbell I was immediately greeted by a smiling Jen.

I was impressed with Jen’s costume. Jen was dressed as a sexy witch which really took advantage of her perfect figure. Although her long black dress went down to her ankles and had long sleeves, it only enhanced the focus on the ample cleavage Jen had on display. To finish off the look Jen also had a traditional black hat and a magic wand to match. 

Jen leaned toward me, tapped me with her magic wand, and said “Ah my pretty, I put a spell on you, you will only wear what I tell you to wear for the rest of the night. Off, off with these clothes I say, muwhahahaha!” then Jen broke character as she burst out laughing. 

I nervously stepped into Jen’s house and looked around. There were already a number of people in the house milling about. 

Jen sensed that I was nervous and said “Oh, cheer up Linda my dear, you will have a fantastic time tonight. As your evil witch I guarantee it!” 

I said “Yeah I bet” which just brought another laugh from Jen.

Jen lead me through the main area of her house, which was a very large place, she really could fit a lot of people in here if she wanted to. I started to wonder how many people she had invited. 

As we passed into the back of the house we entered Jen’s crafts room. Jen was very into all kinds of arts and crafts so had built herself quite an impressive hobby room. 

Jen closed the door behind us, I guess to prevent any prying eyes from seeing me change into my “costume” or whatever Jen had planned. 

Finally Jen turned to me and said “Now Linda, I had so many good ideas for your costume tonight but the truth is I could not pick just one. Since Halloween is the one night when you let your inner exhibitionist out it would be such a shame to only see you in one costume for the entire year.”

Hmm, I did not like where this was going but I just nodded and kept listening.

Jen continued “Sure I could have made something for you out of all the wonderful craft items I have in this room, but since you are going to be wearing the costumes I figured it would make more sense if you put your own personal touch on each of them.”

I was a little confused and said “Jen, so are you saying I am supposed to make my own costume?”

Then Jen said “No, you are supposed to make your own costumes, plural! You see our bet was that I get to pick out your costume, there was no stipulation in the bet that said it had to be just one.”

Dammit Jen had me. She knows I take bets so seriously that I would never try and weasel out. Geeze.

So finally I said “Alright Jen, a bet is a bet and you won fair and square so just tell me what you want me to do and I will do it.”

Jen smiled and said “Ok, so tonight you are going to wear each costume for one hour. At the top of every hour I will get you and take you back to the crafts room. Each time you will have just 15 minutes to make an outfit from whatever you can find in this room. After 15 minutes I will come knocking and then you will head out to the party in whatever you have made until the top of the next hour. I don’t care if you have not finished, I will drag you back to the party as you are.”

I took a deep breath and said “Wow, that is some challenge, I guess I better get creative. You have a lot of stuff in this room but I don’t know if I can invent an outfit in 15 minutes.”

Jen laughed and said “Well don’t worry, if you fail to find something to wear I am sure my guests will appreciate it!”

I finally said “Ok, so when do I get started?”

Jen said “I realize that all of this might be a lot to process for you right now and it is not fair for you to have to come up with an outfit on the spot without some time to think about it, so I will get the festivities started by picking out your first outfit, besides it is already 8:15.”

Then with a sly grin on her face Jen opened a shopping bag and pulled out a sports Jersey, of her team!!!

Jen then said “I think it is only fitting that you should wear the jersey of the best team in the league, show all my guests what a big fan you are!”

Geeze, I said, “Only an evil witch would do this to me!”

Jen then handed me the shopping bag and said “Ok, now strip and put all your clothes in the back. I will return them to you at the end of the night. But until then, I need to make sure you won’t try and cheat after all.”

I did as she commanded. I was only wearing a t-shirt, cutoffs, bra, panties, and flip flops so I was easily able to peel off all my clothes. Standing there naked I noticed Jen’s eyes make a few trips up and down my naked body causing my cheeks to turn a rosy shade of red. 

Jen then handed me the jersey. I put it on, but it just felt so wrong. I should not be in this jersey!

I walked over and looked at myself in the mirror. The upside was that the jersey provided good coverage down to mid thigh and looked oh so sexy with no other visible clothing. Nothing but bare feet and legs leading up to the bottom hem of the jersey.

I of course asked Jen a rather stupid question “So am I supposed to wear it commando style, or do you have some underwear I can put on?”

Jen just laughed and said what do you think? I just rolled my eyes and accepted the situation. After all I was fully clothed, looked sexy, and with no underwear I felt very naughty, even if it was in a jersey of a team that is my sworn enemy!

Jen finally said “Look you have about 45 minutes until 9:00, so how about you go and be my front door greeter. I am going to go and put your clothes in a safe place”.

With that Jen was gone. I realized for now my situation was not too bad. I was covered, I just had to make sure I did not bend over or lift my arms too high and I would be alright. 


A Crafty Halloween pt. 3

I walked out of the crafts room and made my way to the front door. Within seconds the doorbell rang and when I opened the door I said “Welcome to Jen’s Halloween Party!”

It was a couple, a guy and a girl both dressed as stormtroopers. The female stormtrooper outfit was formed quite nicely for a woman’s body.

As they stepped in the guy said “Wow, we have something in common, we are fans of the same team. Wasn’t that game last week awesome? We really kicked their asses that night!”

Wow, that really hurt, putting down my team, but I had to stay in character. The guy as he passed me put up his hand and said “High Five”.

Without thinking I reached up and slapped his hand as he passed but then noticed that his girlfriend, who was a few steps behind him, was looking down at the bottom of my jersey. As she passed me her eyes came up to meet mine and she gave me a wink with a “yeah I know your secret” look. 

Hmm, did she really know or was I reading too much into her wink? Maybe I did raise my hand too high and lifted up the jersey enough for her to see I was not wearing anything underneath, or was she just guessing because I showed a lot of bare thigh? Oh well, I did not have time to worry about it as the next group showed up. 

One group after another arrived every few minutes. The house was really getting packed. The funniest part for me was when fans of my team showed up, saw my jersey and started to boo me. If they only knew!

I also had a front row seat to check out some very nice costumes. Every sci-fi and horror franchise seemed to be represented. My favorite was the tall gorgeous woman who showed up in a classic Elvira costume. She had the perfect body (and cleavage) to pull it off and was totally in character. Even when she greeted me she used a perfect Elvira voice.

The time passed so quickly that I was shocked to find out it was already 9:00 when Jen came to remind me of my impending costume change. Before relieving me of my duties, Jen put another guest in charge of the front door, a sexy nurse.

As we walked back to the crafts room I suddenly felt a breeze on my backside and realized Jen was lifting the back of my jersey and exposing my butt. I slapped her hand down just as the two stormtroopers walked by.

“See I told you she was going commando. I guess the full moon is out tonight!” said the female stormtrooper as they both laughed.


A Crafty Halloween pt. 4

The moment the door was closed Jen ordered me to give her the jersey and said “So how did it feel to be a part of a winning team?” and laughed.

“Fine fine", I said "Rub it in why don’t you!” I then said “So, what should I be wearing next?”

Jen looked at me and said “I don’t know, that is entirely up to you, time to get creative.” and with that Jen walked towards the door and said “I will be back in 15 minutes, so you better be ready.” then stepped out and closed the door behind her.

Geeze, so there I was completely naked, in my friend’s crafts room, where the only thing separating me from a house full of people was a single door. 

I started scanning the room, trying to figure out what on earth I could put on to wear. There was no cloth of any kind that I could find in the room, nothing I could really use for clothing. There were different types of supplies such as paper, popsicle sticks, scrapbooking materials, etc. How on earth would I make an outfit out of any of this stuff?

As I looked through a set of bins at the side of the room I finally had an idea. There was a basket of cotton balls and near by there was also a glue stick. I suddenly remembered reading an ENF story a few years back where a girl’s friend talked her into wearing a cotton ball bikini to a party. I thought maybe it was possible I could pull it off. 

Although, as I remembered it did not end well for the girl in the story, I just had to hope I would have better results! I was already using up precious time and did not have the option to keep looking for other ideas.

So I just decided to go for it. I grabbed the basket of cotton balls and the glue stick then ran over to the full length mirror in the corner. 

I immediately got to work on creating my bikini bottom. First I started by glueing on cotton balls over the very important lower front area. When it appeared to be fully covered I started creating straps to go around the sides. Then I started working on covering my butt, which is much harder than you would think, especially when you have to do it backwards using a mirror!

Once my bottom appeared to be well covered I started work on my bikini top. First I created a triangle around my left boob then I did the same around my right boob. Now that I had an outline I started filling in the middle on each side until I had decent coverage. 

I was about to put on the finishing touches by creating bikini straps for my top when Jen came bursting in and yelled, “Ready or not here I come….”.

I turned to Jen and said “I am almost done, can I just finish my bikini straps?”

Jen just laughed and said “No, you are perfect exactly as you are. Nice idea though, I had never thought of a cotton ball bikini as an option, well done Linda”.

I said “thanks” then Jen immediately walked me to the door and out to greet her guests. 

I guess it could have been worse, it was only the strap on the top that was not complete, I still had a nice bikini bottom and two full triangles for the top. 


A Crafty Halloween pt. 5

I immediately started to get attention as I made my rounds. A number of people stopped me to say how they loved my costume and how creative it was. 

After a little while I was chatting with some friends of Jen’s when Jen stopped by to check if we were all having a good time. As she walked away I felt a pinch on my bottom and when I turned around I saw Jen walking away, waving, holding a cotton ball in her hand!”

That was not playing fair! Jen made me make my own costume and yet thinks she can take it apart? 

I continued to tour around the party and stopped to chat with a few of Jen’s friends. After a few minutes I saw Elvira approaching. I said “Hi” and she responded with a smile but as she passed me I felt her hand brush against my butt. She turned and said “Oops, my how clumsy of me!” as I looked over and saw her with not one but several cotton balls!

The three girls I was talking to tried their best to keep a straight face but obviously were aware of what was going on. 

I quickly went to check my butt for coverage, while trying to look as casual as possible, and could noticeably feel bear skin on my butt cheek. 

I tried to play it cool like I did not know at all what was happening which only seemed to interest people even more in playing the game. 

One of the three girls I was talking to, who was dressed as a sexy police officer, said “So miss, the reason I stopped you is because I am not sure if your bikini is compliant with this Halloween party’s regulations.”

The other two girls were trying hard not to laugh. The police woman moved over so she was standing right in front of me and with her right hand she started to trace around the edges of my cotton ball triangle on my left boob. Her touch was so gentle and soft, she looked me right in the eyes… then I felt a tug. 

I looked down and several of my cotton balls add been pulled off from the side of my triangle! Fortunately the centre was still covered but the side of my boob was exposed.

The police woman continued her speech and said “Miss, I will need to send some of these cotton balls to our lab to have them tested, I am sure you understand I am just doing my job.”

The sexy police officer was such a gorgeous lady and had such a way about her that I just nodded and played along to the enjoyment of the other two girls and anyone else in the crowd we had attracted. 

Then the police woman looked down at my lower half and said “Hmm, I am not sure we can allow that, with so many cotton balls it could be difficult for you body to breath, we are going to need to thin out this area, for safety of course.”

The police officer then bent down and began to pluck several cotton balls from my front lower area, of course being very careful not to expose the important parts. 

Finally she stood up again, looked me in the eyes and said “Alright miss, carry on now, you may leave” then turned to the audience and said “Alright people, nothing to see here let’s move it along” which lead to a big round of laughter. 

I just smiled and started walking towards the bar and said “I think I need another drink” which also brought another round of laughter from the audience.

When I arrived at the bar I was fully aware of how my bikini was now just a random assortment of cotton balls that by some coincidence just happened to be covering the most strategic areas. 

I ordered another drink from the bar and when the pretty bartender dressed as a cute elf went to hand me my drink she paused and said “Oh this is not an open bar, not for everyone at least, for you the price is a cotton ball of my choosing.”

I let out a laugh at the playfulness she exuded and decided what the hell, my costume was already kind of a mess so I said “Sure, take any cotton ball you like, but choose wisely, an opportunity like this only presents itself on the rarest of Halloweens!”

The cute elf seemed to really enjoy me playing along and said “Ah, you are so right, I must choose wisely, but first you must close your eyes as I do not want you to influence my decision.”

I laughed and said “Whenever you are ready my cute little elf” and closed my eyes. 

Several seconds went by then suddenly I felt a tug on my left boob. I opened my eyes and when I looked down I saw that my left nipple was completely exposed!!!

The cute elf then said “Thank you for your advice, I am very happy with my choice” then handed me my drink.

I did not know what to do! I was holding my drink in my right hand so I just put my left hand over my left boob and figured I would have to walk around like that until the clock reached 10:00. 

As I made my way through the house I felt a pinch on my butt and once again it was that mischievous Elvira. As she passed she waved showing off another cotton ball in her hand then hid it down in her impressive cleavage. Geeze, how many was that for her? “Perhaps I should reach between her boobs and find out”, I thought as I laughed to myself.

It was kind of awkward walking around with my left hand over my left boob. Clearly everyone understood why. Also I was keenly aware of the amount of attention my butt was attracting. 

Finally Jen came looking for me and told me it was time for my next costume change. Jen had a huge smile on her face as she said “Yes, I think we should go and find you another costume as there is very little left of this one”.

Suddenly, without warning, Jen reached over and plucked a cotton ball off my right boob exposing my right nipple! 

I immediately held my drink up to block anyone from seeing my right nipple. “Yeah, thanks a lot Jen” I said sarcastically. Really there was not much else I could do, and honestly I really needed that drink so I had no plans to part with it until it was finished! 

As Jen and I walked back to the crafts room I was almost home free when that darn female stormtrooper emerged from around the corner and pulled a few cotton balls from my butt and said “Wow, Jen, you really know how to throw a party!”


A Crafty Halloween pt. 6

I jumped into the crafts room and quickly closed the door. Once again Jen said “Ok, you have 15 minutes, good luck” and exited the room closing the door behind her.

I immediately went over to the full length mirror to examine the damage. Even though cotton balls had been removed from my lower half, the strategic parts were still covered. So really the only people who had seen my exposed nipples were the cute elf and Jen. I could live with that! 

I had very little time and needed to make it count so I immediately started removing all the remaining cotton balls. This was when I discovered that they were not coming off cleanly! 

The glue was causing the cotton balls to pull apart leaving cotton fuzz everywhere a ball had been, not to mention the sticky glue. I really needed to get this stuff off or any outfit I tried to make would look terrible. 

Fortunately, there was a washroom with a shower in the back of Jen’s crafts room. I immediately jumped in the shower, grabbed some shower gel and started working on scrubbing off the cotton and glue. 

Only problem with needing to clean my boobs and lower area was that I was already turned on from the run in with the sexy police officer and the cute elf. All of the rubbing just made it that much harder to stay in control. 

Why did that police officer have to be so hot? I started to imagine her using her handcuffs to …. no I needed to stay focused!

As I washed I started to wonder how much time had passed. I was feeling so good I did not want to stop, but I was very aware of my time limit. As I leaned out from behind the curtain I saw a clock on the bathroom wall that said “10:14”.

I freaked!!! I needed a costume and I needed it now! I jumped out of the shower and dried off with a towel I found then suddenly heard Jen fumbling with the locked door. All I could think to do was wrap the towel around myself, grab a bottle of shampoo, the back scrubber then head out into the main crafts room. 

As Jen entered she took one look at me and said “Hmm, see the deal is you are supposed to make a costume, not just wear a towel!”.

I immediately responded saying “This is my costume, I am the girl in every slasher film who stops to take a shower even when some crazy killer is after her.”

Jen laughed then said “Alright I will allow it this time, but after this your next costume better be made using the craft items or I will march you out there in your birthday suit.”

I nodded in agreement and with that Jen and I headed back to the party.


A Crafty Halloween pt. 7

This time as I entered the crowded room I decided I was going to do everything I could to stay in character. 

As the crowd of people saw me I yelled out “Help, help, some crazed killer is after me, can anyone direct me to a shower?”

I received a round of laughter. Then as I passed the sexy police officer she said “Miss, I am a police officer, are you in trouble, I may be able to help?”. I replied “No, I don’t need a police officer, right now the only thing that will help me is a nice warm shower so I can cry my fear away!”

I thought maybe that was a bit over the top but the party guests seemed amused.

I made my way to the bar and ordered a beer from the cute elf. As she passed me my beer she said one again “Ah this is not an open bar, you must give me a gift if you want to receive this beer”.

I replied “Here, take my back scratcher and shampoo, I won’t be needing these while I am crying in the shower!.”

With that I dropped the back scratcher and shampoo on the bar, took my drink and walked away from the cute elf. 

After wandering around for, well who knows how long, and chatting with a number of friendly guests I came accross a guest dressed as Freddy Krueger. The cool thing is it was a woman dressed up as Freddy. The green and red striped sweater she was wearing was stretched to the max across her ample bosom, which was a dead giveaway.

She walked up to me and said “Hmm, I smell fear. Seems like you are overdue for your shower scene, pretty girl, the audience is getting restless! Time to see the charms you have been hiding!”

I replied “No way Freddy, in your dreams!”. Then Freddy said “Öh my dearest, I will be in your dreams, hahahaha!” as she continued her evil laugh for a few more seconds.

Freddy then leaned in close and said “Hmm, everyone is afraid of something, I wonder what you are afraid of?”

I said “Well I am certainly not afraid of you, in fact I am pretty much fearless, so you are powerless against me”.

Then Freddy whispered “Aren’t you afraid of everyone finding out you are naked under that towel?”.

I turned toward Freddy with a look of fear that told her everything she needed to know. She then said “Ah, see, everyone is afraid of something. I will be seeing you, in your dreams muhahaha” as she walked away laughing.

I had to admit this lady was good and really made it fun by getting so into character.


A Crafty Halloween pt. 8

I continued to wander around the party and everything was going good until that pesky Elvira cornered me. She walked up and said “You know, most people think I am just a great pair of boobs, but the truth is I am also a great pair of legs”. 

I laughed, I was a fan of the movie and enjoyed hearing some familiar lines. I replied “Don’t worry we can all clearly see you have both beautiful boobs and legs.”

Elvira replied “Thanks for noticing. Hey you know this party is kind of boring, how about we liven it up just a bit”.

I said “Oh, what do you have in mind?” Then Elvira said “Oh, you know my favorite part of every scary movie where the audience gets to watch the main character taking a completely unnecessary shower in the middle of the movie so we can all ogle her beautiful boobies!” 

Then all of a sudden from behind her back Elvira pulled out a spray bottle and started spraying me with water. I was trapped in the corner, I had nowhere to run!!!

I yelled “Hey Elvira, stop it!” but she just threw another classic Elvira line at me and said “Listen shower girl, if I want your opinion, I’ll beat it out of you!”

Now my long hair was all wet, water was dripping down my face, and my towel was soaked with water.

I did not want to have an accident so I decided to just push past Elvira. 

As I reached out to shove her out of the way, without looking, somehow I ended up with a hand on each of her boobs (I am sure I did that by accident, haha). I gave a good squeeze and pushed, but at the same time pulling down as I leaned forward.

This had the effect of pulling the front of Elvira’s top down while at the same pushing her backwards and off balance. Elvira’s impressive breasts came into full view in all their magnificent glory like an early morning sunrise. 

Sorry, no description I could possibly come up with would do just to Elvira’s impressive chest without sounding made up. You just had to be there!

When Elvira’s boobs graced us with their presence, at the same time I saw have a dozen cotton balls fly out of her top. Well at least I got an answer to that question after all!

As Elvira landed on the couch behind her and realized what had happened, instead of getting upset she with impressive focus remained in character. After a few seconds she sat up, crossed her legs, put her hands on her knees, and held a casual pose with her boobs still hanging out.

Elvira then turned to the guy sitting beside her, who was dressed as Indiana Jones and delivered another classic Elvira line when she said “Hey there Doctor Jones, nice jacket, who shot the couch?”

The crowd let out a huge round of laughter followed by applause. I just stood there stunned, I did not know what to do.

I watched as Elvira gracefully maneuvered her boobs back into position inside her dress. She then stood up and slowly walked over to me so we were standing face to face. The entire crowd went silent. 

Elvira leaned in close, put her lips to my right ear and said “Sorry babe, but it is time for your shower scene”. Then with one sudden motion she whipped off my towel and threw it across the room! 

I freaked!!! I immediately slapped my right arm over my boobs and my left arm over my crotch. I was now naked in a packed house with a few hundred people all cheering!

I snapped myself out of the initial panic I was in and decided to make a run back to the safety of the crafts room. As I passed through the crowd and rounded the corner towards the crafts room door I ran into another problem. The police officer and her friends were blocking the entrance. 

The police officer said “Miss, I am going to have to cuff you and bring you in for indecent exposure.” Her friends let out a big laugh. I decided to turn and run towards the only direction that had an opening which unfortunately lead to the front door.

To get to the front door first I had to pass by the bar where the cute elf was eyeing me with a big smile. As I passed by she called me over, held out a shot class and said “Here, you need this.” 

I stopped running and just stared at the drink then looked the cute elf in the eyes. Instantly she realized I was not going to move my hands, which were the only cover I had left. 

The cute elf then reached over the bar and held the shot up to my lips. I tilted my head back and swallowed the shot. I said “Thanks” but just as I started to run again I felt a slap on my butt and when I turned around it was that darn female stormtrooper again who yelled out “Now this is my kind of Halloween party, woohoo!”

As I ran I passed by a smiling Jen who said “I couldn’t have planned it any better myself!”


A Crafty Halloween pt. 9

The next thing I knew I was outside on the front steps of Jen’s house! I started to try and think what options I had left. Crap, Jen took my clothes which had my cell phone and keys in the pockets of my shorts. This was really not good!

Finally I remembered I had a spare key to my car hidden inside the wheel well. I decided that between going back into the office or making a run for the car, I would be seen by a lot less people if I went for the car.

I ran down the front steps then started to jog down the sidewalk. Fortunately because I arrived early my car was close by. From the other side of the street I heard a voice shout “Woohoo, we have a streaker everyone!”

I just ignored the voice and focused on getting to my car. I reached in the wheel well and retrieved the key. I fumbled with the key several times while trying to get it in the door lock, just like the victims in horror movies always do.

Once I was in my car with the door locked I took a few minutes to calm down from the adrenaline rush. If I didn’t calm down I probably would have gotten pulled over for a speeding on the way home, which would be the last thing I would want to happen tonight!

I put the key in the ignition and started the drive home. Thinking about everything that had happened I could not help but break out into laughter. The image of Elvira’s boobs popping into view and the look on her face was burned into my memory. I just kept playing the scene over and over in my head for my own amusement.

When I finally arrived home I was very grateful for the drive being uneventful. However, now I had a brand new challenge. How do I get back into my third floor apartment without a key?

I sighed and realized the only realistic answer was to go and knock on the landlady's door. I had only lived in the building for a few months, so I did not know the landlady well. The few times I had met her she had always been pleasant, she seemed like a very nice lady. 

I waited until the coast was clear then entered the front door and went into the lobby. I pressed the buzzer for the landlady’s office. I waited until I heard her voice say “Hello” I said “Hi, I am the tenant in apartment 302 and I have accidently locked myself out. Can you let me back into my apartment?”

The landlady replied “Sure, honey, no problem just come by my office”. As I heard the door buzz I opened it and entered the building.

I walked down the empty hallway and used the time on the walk to figure out how I would explain to my landlady why I was coming to her door naked! 

I stood there in front of her door for a few seconds, knowing that I had to do this but also hoping I could somehow wish away what was about to happen.

I heard my landlady turn the lock and then was greeted with a look of total shock when she saw me.

My landlady said “Uh, honey is everything alright?” I casually replied “Why what do you mean?” and she said “Well you are naked, completely naked, oh my!”

I once again played it cool and said “Oh sorry, I did not realize that was what you were asking about at first. This is just my Halloween costume, I went as a nudist this year”.

My landlady looked at me with a puzzled expression and said “You went out like that tonight?”

I smiled and said “Why of course, I went to a big Halloween party tonight and am just getting home.” It was at that point I decided to have a little fun and push my story even further and I said “The only downside tonight was that there were several other woman at the party wearing the exact same costume. Seriously, can you just imagine how embarrassing that was? I mean really!” 

My landlady said “Uh, yeah I am sure that must have been embarrassing”.

I tried to speed up the process by saying “Well it has been a long night and I am really tired, so could you let me back into my apartment?”


A Crafty Halloween pt. 10

My landlady said “Sure I can do that for you” then paused and said “Oh, you know who would really love your costume, the ladies in my book club, they would never believe someone would wear such a costume. Would you mind posing for a picture?”.

Geeze, a picture? Well at least this was not the internet savvy kind of person so I figured it would not get spread around. 

My landlady then said “I need to go and get my camera, why don’t you come in, close the door and have a seat in the living room while you wait. I should not be too long.”

Oh great, this was really getting dragged out. As my landlady disappeared into another room, I closed the door and made my way into her living room. 

I sat on the edge of the couch and just could not help but take in how incredibly weird this entire situation was. Not even a half hour ago I was in a house, naked with a few hundred people, and now I was casually sitting in the living room of my landlady’s apartment, completely naked.

I had to take a moment to smile and laugh a bit, even though I was still very nervous. 

Finally my landlady emerged holding a camera and set it on the coffee table then said “Oh my, how rude of me, I have not even offered you something to drink. How about a cup of tea? I won’t take no for an answer. I will be right back.”

And with that she disappeared once again, this time into the kitchen, leaving me all alone, with just my racing thoughts. After several minutes she emerged holding two cups of tea. She set them on the coffee table then took a seat in the chair right beside where I was sitting on the couch. 

She looked at me with a big smile and said “So tell me all about this Halloween party. It has been so long since I have been to one.”

I did the best I could. I told her all about the different types of costumes, sexy police officers, nurses, devils, elfs, and of course Elvira. I told her at these parties it was very fashionable to be daring in the type of costume you wear, even if you do not dress sexy in your daily life.

Once we were finished our tea my landlady said “Now about those pictures, I have some ideas”. 

She then went on to say “How about a casual picture of you just sitting there holding your cup of tea?” I of course smiled and posed as she suggested.

Then she had me get up and stand by her fireplace for a few pictures. She seemed delighted with the photos. 

Then she said “Oh, I have a great idea!!! I have a basket full of laundry and you are naked, let's have you take the laundry down to the laundry room and do photos of it all. The theme would be you have nothing to wear on laundry day! Oh this will be so much fun ” she squeal.

Oh, great, from agreeing to do one picture, to doing an entire series with a theme, in public areas around the building??? 

Well, at this point she was the only person standing between me and getting back into my apartment, what other choices did I have? I decided the best thing to do was to play along as that would speed up the process. 


A Crafty Halloween pt. 11 (Final)

My landlady handed me her laundry basket then had me pose for a picture by the front door. We then ventured out into the hallway. She followed behind me as I heard her take picture after picture. 

Fortunately the hallways were empty so I was at least thankful for that. As we made it to the end of the hallway, we entered the laundry room. 

My landlady had me do a series of poses as I put her clothes in the washing machine and started it. 

Finally she said “Ok, I just want one last picture to complete my series then we will be done and I will walk you back to your apartment.”

“Awesome” I said, “Anything you want!”. My landlady gave me a wink then said “Ök, sit on top of the washer, cross your legs, put your hands on your knees and give me a big smile.”

I did as she asked and once she lowered her camera I was about to get down when the door to the laundry room opened!

I could not believe it. The person who walked in was the last person in the world I wanted to see at this moment. It was my sworn enemy Molly. 

If I was a camp counselor at Crystal Lake, she was my Jason. Always messing in my life and determined to embarrass me at any chance she could get. 

Molly was dressed as a sexy cheerleader and when she saw me sitting naked on top of the washing machine you would think she had just won the lottery. 

Molly said “Well, well, what have we here? Looks like Halloween has just turned into Christmas for me!”

Before I could say anything my enthusiastic landlady piped up and said “Hi Molly, isn’t Linda’s costume wonderful? She went as a nudist this year!”

Molly looked at me with a “Yeah, I know that story is BS, but I will play along for fun” attitude.

Molly said “Oh is that right, a nudist? And here I thought my cheerleader costume was plenty revealing.” Then she turned to my landlady and said “Well it is not everyday you see someone with such an interesting costume, would you take my phone and get a picture of me and Linda together?”

Of course my landlady was more than happy to help out. Molly jumped up and sat on the washing machine beside me and copied my pose. 

My landlady took her time taking several pictures to make sure she got just the right shot for Molly. 

When my landlady handed the phone back to Molly, Molly turned and whispered in my ear “I expect you to email me the full story of your Halloween, or who knows who around the building might see this picture.”

With that Molly jumped down and proudly walked out of the room. 

I also jumped down from the washing machine. My landlady said “I will stay here and finish my laundry. Here is your spare key, just give it back to me tomorrow. Have a good night!”

With that I walked back to my apartment without running into anyone else. Once I was back in the security of my place, I wanted to sleep but was just so wired I needed to burn off all of my nervous energy. I decided to sit down and start writing.

So how was your Halloween?
