Acting Out Fantasies
by welove2nudebeaches

Acting Out Fantasies Pt. 04

Michelle gets really dirty, and then comes clean.

When Pete got back to the room where Michelle was, he entered through the still-open door, and he was surprised by what he saw. He had expected all the men to file out after Michelle's orgasm, and after cumming - some of them twice - all over her body. Instead, around the room, were Jim, Mike, and Bob, along with 4 other men. Some of them were sitting in chairs they had pulled in from other rooms on the hall, and some were sitting on the bed.

Three of them were puffing on cigars near an open window, and they were talking with an air of stuffiness as they relived Michelle's sluttiness from earlier.

"I'd never let my wife do that," one of them said, "but it is hella hot to see someone else's wife do that."

"What gets me is that she just doesn't look the part..." Another one said. "I mean, she looks like the epitome of a management class, untouchable, suburban wife. How does something like this happen?"

"Repression," said the third. "These women are raised to build stable lives by acting in certain ways, by walking in certain circles, and to never live life outside the "boundaries." They never get to release the sexy 'kraken' inside or explore sex. The kraken is in there. Hell, it's there for all of us to a certain degree. But us guys get to sew our wild oats in high school and college, when we're young. And we come out largely unscathed, ready to settle down. No one holds our crazy actions against us.

"But these girls who are aiming high for the "good guys," for the "good life," have to watch their reputations. They cannot risk being outed as a slut, even if they have the urges. So, they stuff it down, and release the energy other ways. But if they are repressed for too long, that kraken comes out one way or the other. I think that's what we have witnessed."

Pete was listening to this, and what the last guy said made some sense to him. But he knew that he was not the one responsible for her repression. That started long before him. He knew that Michelle had lived a protected life until she met Pete. Before they got married, she had been slow to let him touch her, although she eventually did. They had done everything you could do before marriage without actual penetration, even thinking about anal sex once when she was incredibly turned on, just to keep her vagina "pure." And she had always been up to play when they were done studying or doing whatever needed to be done.

He had not resented this at all. He was religious too, and while he was not a virgin, he had happily agreed to wait until they were married. He loved her, and besides, it was part of what was expected in families like theirs. It didn't hurt that she gave the best blowjobs he had ever had, teasing him just the right amount, both before and after he ejaculated, to get the most out of his orgasms. And she loved to have orgasms, too. The way she would react when he was feeling her up and playing with her clit was so awesome, he had once told one of his friends how sexy it was to hear her when they played sexually.

That playful woman -- always pushing the boundaries without busting it -- is who he expected to marry, only with the vows out of the way, he had expected her to let it all hang out, because full intercourse was in the mix. And truth be told, the sex was good for a while. They had fucked two or three times a day when on their honeymoon, and they had even gone to a deserted beach to have sex, Michelle staying naked until they left, and then riding topless back to the hotel. Pete had been giddy about the future when that happened.

But after a few months, a different look had come across her countenance. She was still the same, beautiful, Michelle, but everything was down to business, whether it was her career, or getting the house ready for children, or church. To Pete, it was like she was trying to emulate her parents' marriage. Wait two years to have children, and once children were born, they became your life, and you never apologize for that. That is what her parents had done. It was even what his parents had done.

Both sets of parents had built a wonderful life together, so it was only natural that Michelle and Pete would try to do the same thing. There was nothing wrong with that, except one thing: when you are determined and focused on emulating someone else's life, you don't take into account that you are different from them, and you don't give yourself time to explore what makes you unique, including sexually.

Right on schedule, after 2 years of marriage they had two children about a year-and-a-half apart. They had a son (Rich) who was now 20, a junior in the engineering program at State. He was athletic and tall, like his father, but had not yet developed the slight pooch that his dad had - but was now working off. Rich was slim and muscular and had his share of girlfriends in high school and college. Just recently, he had settled down, and had been dating the same girl for the last year.

They also had a daughter (Jennifer), who had just turned 18, and turned heads wherever she went. She was also going to State, but was going to major in accounting like her mom. She also shared her mother's eyes and smile, but she had her dad's nose. She was taller than Michelle and dyed her hair blond. She was a real looker, and probably smarter than Rich. Pete could tell that she had the same attitudes toward life as Michelle, and knew that whenever she found her husband, he would have to have a talk with him.

That protected life that her parents had given Michelle, and that his parents had given him, had given them a mostly happy life. In turn, they had instilled many of those same values in Rich and Jennifer. And perhaps in another era, Pete's dissatisfaction with their sex life would have been unmentioned, and they would have died two relatively happy people who just never had sex.

But they were living in 2021, and sexual imagery was everywhere: TV shows, commercials, billboards, and of course, the internet. Pete had discovered online porn when he was in college. Throughout their marriage, as Michelle had grown more and more cold sexually, he had used it as an alternative to physically cheating on his wife. He was horny all the time -- had been since he discovered girls. He had never done any online chatting; the images and videos had been enough for him. With all the sexual imagery that was everywhere, it was surprising to him that she was never horny, and never interested in really looking at porn, at least as far as he could tell.

His exposure to those images had created fantasies that carried him through many a jack-off session. He had been instantly attracted to exhibitionism pictures and videos. He loved one company that recruited young women and talked them into flashing around town, and which also showed up at all the hot wet t-shirt contests.

He also loved clips of women being insatiable in bed, even having multiple partners. That had led to many an orgasm, imagining what it would be like to participate in one of them. But the mystery of Michelle, and how she had gone from tomcat to iceberg, gnawed at his brain. He loved her: she was a great mom to their children. She was compassionate toward people; and she was successful in her career. She ran a tight ship at home.

But he couldn't shake the feeling that there was something sexual inside of her that was simmering beneath the surface; he just couldn't get it to come out, until his ultimatum. So, while he goaded her in their private conversations to let loose, when he watched porn he would often replace the face of the woman getting gangbanged with Michelle's.

All of these thoughts were on Pete's mind, and he knew that he was tired, so he was yanked out of his meandering thoughts when someone asked out loud, "Will the degrading acts ever stop???"

Pete turned his head, and jerked to attention, as he saw that his wife getting ready to do the most disgusting thing he had ever seen in real life. He had gotten so lost in his own thoughts after hearing the guys speculating about Michelle and smoking cigars, he had forgotten to find out what was going on with his wife. Now, not only he, but everyone in the room, was looking at her.

Tommy, the sloppiest of her masters, and the only one that had not cum yet, had pulled up his shirt, and pulled down his pants and underwear to his knees, legs spread. He was sitting back on his elbows on the bed, naked from the waist down. His undershirt, stained and looking pretty ratty, came down between his belly button and waist, and a considerable portion of his belly fat was exposed. It was not pretty.

Pete knew that Michelle hated the thought of doing anything sexual with men that were even mildly overweight and thought this might be the trigger that put an end to the craziness of the night. But here she was, still naked, nipples still as erect as they had been all night. She was on her knees, positioned between his legs. Not only that, her face was approaching his crotch. Her nose was turned up in disgust. As shocking as it was to see Michelle obediently preparing to lick another man's crotch, Pete was mesmerized by the nastiness of the scene.

Tommy's thick, unkempt pubic hair was matted to his skin, he guessed with sweat. It was not only thick, but expansive, just the way you'd expect a slob to keep his crotch. But the unkempt appearance was only topped by the odor. Even above the cigar smell, you could smell his pungent crotch, sweaty and greasy.

All the guys cringed, insulting Tommy about his smell. "Tommy," Bob said, "even with this cigar, I can still smell you. Jesus!"

"Hey, give me a break!" Tommy said. "I've been in that hot convention center all day long, and then we went to that restaurant and back to the bar right away. I didn't know I'd be dancing and getting sweaty. I haven't had a chance to shower yet. Didn't think I'd need to."

"Yeah, but jeez! Take a shower!" said Mike. All the men laughed, including Pete. Even Tommy had a smile. He knew it was bad.

"Why?" Tommy said. "We have a slave to do that. Michelle here is going to give me a bath. A tongue bath."

Everyone cringed again. Just as the nastiness of what he was seeing settled in his brain, Pete saw Michelle finish leaning over, so she was hovering right next to his scrotum. She was at ground zero for the odor, and her face showed it.

Michelle chimed in. "It's pretty bad, Tommy." Pete knew from previous experience with this that Michelle would not even give him oral if he was not clean. It had often put a damper on any passionate moment they were sharing, because it was a red line for her. But, as had been the case all night, Pete and the rest of the guys were in for a surprise. "Let's see if we can fix that," she said.

With her face still showing disgust, she slowly stuck out her tongue, and then moving her head up and down, began to lovingly caress his testicles with his tongue. She wasn't just using the tip of her tongue; she was using it all. Pete realized that she was going to make sure that Tommy got her very best, something that she only rarely gave him.

In her own mind, she had detached herself from how gross it was, and wanted Tommy, one of her masters, to be pleased with his slave, no matter what she was asked to do. This detachment was a useful tool that would serve her well the rest of the weekend.

She pulled her tongue away to gain a different angle, and slime and saliva dragged with it, raising the nastiness level. Everyone else was gape-mouthed, including Tommy. But not Michelle. She did not hesitate on her task, seeming to worship Tommy's balls as if she were in love with them. Tommy quickly started groaning, his erection now at its fullest. Pete knew how awesome it felt when Michelle was really into a blowjob, so he knew what Tommy was getting.

"Go a little bit lower, slut," Bob commanded her. He was still holding the camera. "I want to make sure to get all of this on video." She turned toward him questioningly, which elicited a hard slap on her ass. "Go slow and go down lower! Get it all." he ordered her again.

"Yes sir."

Michelle slowly turned back to Tommy's crotch, and took his cock in her left hand. Then with her other hand, she ran it down to his crack from his balls, like she was massaging it. That act must have released more of the odor because she instinctively held it to her nose, causing her to turn and cough.

Pete thought about how embarrassing this must be for Tommy. No guy liked to be outed for being stinky, especially when there was nothing he could have done to prevent it. But here he was on full display, crotch open in front of close friends and co-workers. He was stinky, and a part of this whole scenario meant putting on display that he was not carrying the biggest package.

Pete reasoned that the only thing that could be preventing Tommy from zipping up and taking a shower right away was that there was a hot woman remedying the situation with her tongue. And despite what she had said, her actions showed that she was not embarrassed for him at all. Her ministrations on this unclean crotch confirmed that she was on another plane of sluthood now.

"Lick your hand," Bob ordered her.

She looked at Bob in surprise. She had hoped to rub away some of the odor, and what was causing it, by getting it on her hand, where she could wash it later to save Tommy the embarrassment. But Bob's instructions meant that that was not a possibility. Again, that detachment kicked in.

She looked at her hand, and from where he was standing, Pete could see a clear, slick slime on the palm of her hands, along with some brown flecks, which meant it was not only his sweat she would be dealing with, but it was also the remnants of his inability to wipe himself well.Gross. It was so appalling that no one could look away, like the pimple-popper doctor online.

Michelle knew this was gross and beyond the pale, but she had that look on her face that showed that she was in another place (Pete thought he had heard the wordsubspace to describe it). It was an order that a master had given her. She just had to get through it.

So, she looked at it her hand, almost as if trying to find the right place to start. Then she pulled her hand to her mouth and started licking as she had been ordered to do. Despite her occasional retching, Pete could see her start to relish the nastiness of what she was doing, especially as the guys in the room gave her encouragement.

"I haven't ever seen anyone do anything like that!"

"Keep it up, slut, get it clean."

"Wow! Where have you been all my life?"

"People go to Mexico to pay for this stuff."

"You're making my dick so hard again, watching you be this nasty."

Yep, she was soaking it all in, putting on a show as she licked her hand, from the bottom of her palm up to the tip of her middle finger. It struck her as odd that all of her life, she had been a clean freak. She felt judged by friends and family anytime that her room was out of order. And she thought that guys liked things clean, even with sex. But these guys were turned on by the nasty act that she was performing. She would have to ponder that at some point, but in this moment, it actually spurred her on. When she was done with her hand, she looked up at the camera.

"Is this nasty enough for you?" she asked the camera. "Or do I need to be nastier?" She then crouched down again and quickly moved her head all the way to his taint, and began licking feverishly. It was like she had convinced herself to follow through with the order she had been given, and then decided to step it up a notch, without even thinking about it. Pete saw her smile a mischievous, hungry smile, as she practically dove into his crotch.

"That's the spirit, cunt," one of the men said. "Now you're acting like the nasty bitch that you are." Those vulgar words made Michelle start moaning.

"I am a nasty bitch!" she responded.

That only served to inspire even more degrading comments from the men.

"What kind of woman does that kind of stuff?"

"Oh my God, does she have any limits to what she won't do?"

"Not even whores will do that for money!"

Each comment caused her to moan even more as she was really getting into her debasement. She worked harder and harder on tongue-cleaning Tommy's taint. She looked up once and saw Pete standing there watching. His eyes were as big as saucers, trying to comprehend what his wife was doing. But Michelle didn't care. She was in a zone.

"Do you see what your nasty wife is doing, Pete?" she said. "I'm licking another man's crotch! I meant what I said, Pete. I'm giving my body and my mind to these men for the next few days. Whatever you guys tell me to do, I'm going to do it. I am finally free from what the world expects of a wife, a woman. I want to be their plaything. Your plaything, Pete. No responsibility for what I do, no concern for ramifications. I just want to be a submissive slut."

Having said that, she moved lower, her face hovering above Tommy's ass.She wasn't joking, Pete thought to himself. He watched as she lifted up his massive legs -- which he then took and held -- then spread his ass cheeks with both hands, and plunged her tongue onto Tommy's asshole.

She was not just licking his ass. She was licking his asshole. She was licking it just like she'd lick an ice cream cone. Every few licks she would turn her head trying to hide her disgust. Pete got a little bit closer and saw why. His ass crack was caked with matted hair, and what was matting it down was ooze from his ass. It was definitely not ice cream that she was licking. This was absolutely the most disgusting thing Pete had ever seen, yet his wife was going at it full force, turning it sexual by her willpower to be the ultimate submissive.

Despite his hard cock, Pete began to boil inside.This is my wife! he thought. She had licked his ass before, but only after she knew he was perfectly clean, and only on special occasions. And she had always been clinical about it, like she just wanted to get it over with. But here she was doing it to a man 50 pounds heavier than him; a man who was a complete stranger, and she seemed passionate in doing it, not just because it felt awesome, but because her job was to make it clean.

Why didn't she share this fantasy with me? Why didn't we try something smaller out first? Her willingness to go to these limits meant she had thought of doing some pretty fucked-up shit, but this?Why didn't she tell me? His anger got the best of him. He walked around the room and grabbed the camera from Bob and began zooming in to get her face. If being a nasty slut is what she wanted, then he was going to give it to her.

"Everybody, this is my wife, Michele Jones. We live in Fullerville. See what she's doing? She's licking the shit off of a stranger's ass, and he's just admitted he hasn't bathed all day long. I've just learned that she loves to do this stuff. Shit, she's never even licked my balls without me taking a bath and scrubbing, but she's doing this to a stranger. So, I'm pretty pissed at her. "

Despite what Pete was saying, Michelle just kept going, almost as if she was playing it up for the camera instead of reacting to her husband's words.

Pete continued on. "See how she just keeps going? Isn't that nasty? This seems to be what she's chosen to do with her life, is to be a nasty, submissive slut, so I'm going to help her out. When these guys get done fucking her and degrading her this weekend, I will put the videos of what they do on the internet, with our phone number scrolling on the bottom. If you see this video, feel free to call her and set up an appointment. She will do anything you want, as you can see. There is nothing sexual you can imagine that she will not do."

Michele stopped what she was doing for a second to listen to what her husband had just said. For a moment, she was racked by guilt. He was right. She had never been this wanton before for him, and yet here she was doing it for a stranger.

She wanted to reach out to her husband, but she could tell that he was not too keen on her at the moment. If he went through with what he was saying, she was locked into this. She would never escape the sluttiness that had happened to her in the last hour or two. She wondered if she should stop this, even though she was starting to really get into it.

But then she looked lower, and saw Pete's crotch, and saw that his dick was still hard, aching to come out of his shorts. He might be mad, and she would make up for that, but this was also turning him on. The thought that her slutty actions were having this kind of effect on her husband filled her with pride in herself. And it made her hotter than ever.

"I'm sorry, honey," she said. "I'm just so fucking lost in this moment, in this feeling. I don't want it to end. I promise you that after this weekend, anything you see me do, I'll do for you. OK? Besides, your dick seems to be OK with it..."

Pete looked down, and knew he was defeated. He was confused by why he was so turned on by something that was also making him so mad. The only thing that he could think of was to get her promise that he would get a chance at this sluttiness, too. So, he said, "I want it all. Every last thing that they do to you, I want available to me. Understood?"

"Yes sir," she said. "I want to show you how nasty I want to be for you when this is all over."

Having said that, she stuck her index finger inside Tommy's ass and let it sit there for a minute. Then she stuck her middle finger in, too, and began to move them a little bit.

"Hey, I'm not gay!" Tommy said, trying to sit up.

"Relax, Tommy. You've got a pretty girl licking your ass because you told her to. No one is going to think you are gay. They think you are a stud."

Everyone laughed at that, even Tommy, who was as red as a lobster with embarrassment. She went back to what she was doing moving her fingers around, then suddenly she pulled her fingers out. She looked at them. They were even less clean than her hand had been. Michelle had a contorted look on her face. Pete guessed what was going through her mind.

"Let me guess: You can't decide if you're really that nasty that you'd lick it off. Am I right?" he asked. "You want to lick it off to turn us on, but you can't believe that you want to." She nodded, not able to look him in the eyes.

"You know that if you do it, you can't undo it. You'll always be a girl that tasted another man's ass. Am I right?" She nodded again, still staring at her dirty fingers.

"I dare you," he added, not believing that he was saying the words he was saying. "Just go all the way, Michelle. You want to find out how deep the rabbit hole goes? This is how you find out." She nodded, and with that, she put her fingers in her mouth. She both gagged and moaned at the same time, and then she kept going, treating them like she was giving them a blowjob until clean.

To put the exclamation mark on it, she opened her mouth to show the camera. It was not clean. Whatever hesitancy she had felt a minute ago had left. Then she closed her mouth and swallowed. A horrified look showed up on her face, but she opened her mouth. It was now clean. She coughed and wretched, but she kept it down.

"Oh, that is a nasty slut!" Tommy said, shocked. "But it's so hot!"

Then, almost as if finishing the drill, she took the same fingers, now licked clean, and touched her clit. Everyone seemed to understand that she needed to do this; that she needed to turn her debased act into something sexual. It was going to help her live with what was happening to her. So, starting slow, then gradually picking up speed, she masturbated herself. She was talking to herself, lost in another world. She wasn't doing this for the camera. She was doing it for herself.

"I'm being nasty. A nasty slut, she emphasized. She kept rubbing, kept talking to herself.

"Oh, I love being so dirty," she was working herself toward yet another orgasm. Finally, she was ready to come.

"May I please come again, sirs?" she asked, panting.

"Yes!" they all said, enthusiastically. Even Tommy, who was still sporting an erection, but whose blowjob had been interrupted, nodded.

Michelle started moaning louder and louder, and then she came, yet again. This time she was looking at each of the men screaming. "I'M CUMMING! OH GOD I'M CUMMING! I'M SUCH A NASTY GIRL! YOUR SLAVE IS NASTY!" She rode this orgasm for a good 30 seconds, fully embracing the nastiness that had brought this orgasm to fruition. She kept alternating between calling herself a nasty slut and telling the men that they had a nasty slave.

For all the guys, it was a sight to watch. Some of them might have been grossed out by what they had watched, but the raw sexuality -- a mixture of shame and release and compete sexual abandon - that Michelle was displaying had turned the nastiness into the hottest thing any of them had seen.

When she finally came back down, there was silence around the room. No one had thought she would go this far, but she seemed to be completely compliant, committed to her role as a slave. After a moment, she came to, realizing there was still work to do. Tommy had not cum yet.

Despite being embarrassed and not knowing what to do with what was going on in her head, she went back to licking his now slightly gaping ass, pushing her tongue inside. She ran her hands up to Tommy's rock-hard cock and started stroking. Within a couple of minutes, he told her he was about to come. She lifted her head and engulfed the crown of his cock sucking out all of his cum. Tommy was grunting as he came.

"Yeah, that's it, swallow my shit, swallow my cum!" He said. "A rusty trombone!"

When he was finished, Michelle licked his crotch completely clean. Then, knowing this would really get the guys going for the last time, she asked, "Who's next?" with a sheepish, but ready look on her face.

"Goddamn!" Pete heard a couple of them say.

"I can't fuckin' believe how lucky we are." Jim said. "Michelle, you are something else..."

"Thank you," Michelle said. "I can't believe I'm doing this stuff either." She got quiet, letting her thoughts coalesce.

"You guys told me you would be intense, but this has been better than my wildest fantasies," Michele said, getting a sincere, earnest look on her face. "I had no idea what you guys would do with me when I gave you my body, but you have been the best masters a sex slave could ask for. I want to be a nasty, submissive slut for each of you. I want you to visit your darkest fantasies, and I want to be the one to help make them happen." And so nasty she was.

After Tommy zipped up, she remained on her knees, and one by one, she licked each guys' ass that wanted it, which was all of them. She never once flinched or complained about whether they were clean or not, she just accepted this as her role. Then she took their cocks in her hand and jacked them off, cleaning their crotches as she did. She cleaned her Masters' cocks, and she cleaned the spectators as well. Finally, she took care of Pete. 9 guys in all, and through it all, she was still rocking those hips back and forth, moaning every time they called her a slut.

When she was finished with the last guy, everyone looked like they had had enough. It was nearly 3 in the morning. The guys from other rooms had left, leaving just Michelle, Pete, and her four masters in their room. Everyone else had gotten dressed, but Michelle, who had no idea where her clothes were, was still naked, and looked like she wasn't even thinking about finding some. To everyone's relief, she had gone in and washed her mouth area.

"Michelle, you probably fucked 15 guys tonight," Jim said. Michelle blushed.

"And you probably sucked off 20," Mike said. She blushed deeper.

"And you licked 9 asses tonight." That was Tommy. She was red as a lobster, now.

"And you probably had 8 or 9 orgasms." Bob chimed in. She believed him, knowing that she had never even gotten close to that before.

"And the weekend is just starting. This is still the first night," Pete said.

"Wow," was all she could say, and they all fell silent. But then a thought occurred to her.

"Hey!" she said. "You guys never fucked my ass!"

All of their jaws dropped. "Girl, that's just going to have to wait until tomorrow," Mike said. "You are insatiable!"

Michelle sighed sheepishly at that. "I guess I am," she said. "I honestly don't know what to say, except that I want to experience it all. I want to get the full slave treatment this weekend." She paused, then continued, "I mean it. I have never been turned on like this before. And I think it is because being submissive gives me the freedom to let go of my hang-ups."

"We'll see," Jim said. "You haven't really started yet. This might feel good now, but we'll see how it is when you get a chance to sleep on what you've done here tonight, and what's in store for you. This has been fucking awesome, and it has blown away anything that I've seen a woman do before. It's probably stupid for us to let you leave with Pete, we might not see you again."

Pete could answer this on her behalf. "You guys don't need to worry about that. If she's made this commitment, she'll follow through on it. I've never seen her fail to keep a promise."

"We'll see," said Jim. "That's good to know, but the key with this is to balance the slave part that pushes her to the limit, but also keep it voluntary. No one gains anything by forcing her to do something. So, we'll see. I hope tomorrow's a good day. Let's get to sleep. We'll be in touch with you in the morning, Pete." After saying that, he and Pete exchanged numbers. Right before they left, Jim said to Michelle, "We'll get that ass taken care of tomorrow, slave. Enjoy your sleep."

She smiled, and with that, Michelle and Pete left the room. Michelle was surprised they didn't make her stay with them, but she was glad. She was pretty exhausted.

As they walked back to their room, they held hands, just like a normal couple, except that Pete was clothed. She was not. All she had on were the 3-inch heals she had started the night with. Pete noticed that she did not look the least bit embarrassed, not only that she was naked, but also that her hair was disheveled, her tits were red and swollen, and that she had dried cum spots on her chest. She almost seemed proud.

Pete decided to affirm this. "I love the contrast of you naked while everyone else has their clothes on." Pete said. "That is hot."

"I like it, too, I feel so vulnerable," she said. "It's more than being naked. It's like I can't hide the real me anymore."

"Well, you definitely can't hide it when your tits are so swollen, and you're covered in cum."

She smiled a devilish smile. "No, you can't."

They stopped in the middle of the hallway and embraced. Pete thought about where her mouth had been, and he imagined that her stomach was going to complain a little about it later, but he felt that he needed to hug her, make her still feel desirable. Then they kissed.

"I love the feel of your clothes on my naked skin," she said.

"Maybe this needs to be one of our ongoing rules," he said. "No clothes for you unless it's necessary."

Michelle shivered at the thought.

"I'm exhausted," she said. "Let's get some rest. I don't know how much more I'll get this weekend."

Back at their room, Michelle and Pete lay on the bed, silent and thinking. Despite their physical and emotional exhaustion, both of them were still winding down after everything that had happened.

"Thank you, honey," Michelle finally said.

"Thank you? What did I do to be grateful for?"

"You made me come out of my shell." She paused a second, lost in thought. "I think it's time for me to tell you the story about where this all came from."

Pete had been looking straight up at the ceiling, but at her words, he turned his head to look at her, but stayed silent, giving her room to find her words.

"Pete, I've had fantasies like the one we're living out since I was in high school" Pete raised his eyebrows at this. She continued on. "It's true, but you know how my family is. I also felt ashamed because of those fantasies, and I could never imagine acting them out, nor did I have the courage to.

"And then you came along, and so many things with our families are similar, I just couldn't imagine that you would be OK with the thoughts in my head. But you forced my hand, and that gave me the courage to do it. If you were going to divorce me, what did I have to lose."

"You've had fantasies like this?" he asked.

"I have," she admitted. She wanted her husband to know the whole truth, now that the cat was out of the bag.

"When I was just starting to go through puberty, one of my friends had an older brother. His name was James. Well, James had a thing for me, but he was weird. The better word would be creepy. He once invited me up to his room to show me something he was reading. I never went to his room, but he was insistent that I needed see what he had. So, I waited in their backyard while he got it and brought it down. It was a magazine. When my friend went in to get water after a while, he pulled it out of his back pocket and showed it to me.

"Anyway, I knew that it was something I shouldn't show anyone else, and I only had until she came back with the water. So, I quickly thumbed through the pages just to get him off my back. I had never seen or read the things that were in there before. They were very adult things.

"The only naked body I had seen before that, other than mine, was my mom's. You can guess that I was pretty grossed out, and to this day I don't remember every being more embarrassed. But I also didn't want to look like the prude that I was. So, when he actually offered it to me, I took it."

Michelle sat up. It felt really good to get this off her chest. She continued. "But I had to hide it. I would never see my friend again if my parents saw what I had gotten from my friend's house. So, I stuffed it in my book bag. When I got home, I ran upstairs and tucked it in between the mattress and bed springs. Later that night, I looked at it for real, and it opened me up to a whole world I never knew. That night, and every night for a while, that was my bedtime reading." She blushed at that admission.

"I read that magazine, cover to cover. It had stories about submission and showing off, and people doing lots of other stuff that were gross at the time. But I was so young, I didn't even know what to do with all that information. I just knew it was different from how I learned life was supposed to be. I mean, all I knew at that time was that you had sex to have kids, and that it only felt good when it was a husband and wife. Well, the people in that magazine were not just having sex for kids. They were having sex for the sake of sex.

"I had to look up a lot of words to know what I was reading. I was grossed out, but I was mesmerized, too. Anyway, I guess I filed them away under 'things to try later.' But I never got rid of the book, or what it did to me. I found a way to keep it hidden, and that creep gave me 2 or 3 more over the years. I read them all, nearly knew them by heart.

"But when I got older, like in college, those stories became more than stories; they became the starting point for my fantasies. I would put myself in place of the main woman, and imagine what it would be like to feel those things, those emotions." She got a wistful look on her face. "I always gave myself a challenge to take a story and make a fantasy of it that went one step further. That challenge gave me many orgasms late at night. I never thought I'd get a chance to live them out."

Pete asked, "So if you had all these fantasies going on in your mind, why didn't they manifest in our sex life? I mean, you just said that all of this was going on before you met me, right?"

"Yes," she said. "I guess the only way I avoided being a pervert or slut was that another part of me won my personality. You know that part; it's the one you've been living with for the last 24 years. It's the one that says that reputation is everything and keeping up appearances is all that matters. Have a great husband, great kids, a great house, a great career, and don't let anything else into your thoughts. That part of me stuffed my 'fantasy self' deep inside my personality and wouldn't let it come out. I think I was scared that if I let it out, even with you, I'd never get it back in, and that it might ruin all the good stuff that I wanted.

"But when you told me to address my sexuality or else, I guess that fantasy side of me decided to come out and play for once. So, this weekend is the ultimate fantasy that I imagined. Being the central person in other people's fantasies, and letting them take control of me."

She looked over at Pete, who was listening intently. "That's it. You got me to let that part of me to come out."

"Michelle," he said after a pause, "That clears up a lot of questions for sure. Thank you for letting me in. And I hope that this is the start of a better balance for you, and us. I think it's great that you are letting yourself go, but I do have to admit that I'm jealous that you are doing these things with strangers, and sometimes you are doing things that you have either rejected, or never tried with me, and I'm your husband."

She didn't take long to form her answer. "Pete, I know how you feel, and believe me when I say that I felt guilty when I started that with Tommy, honest. But I was ordered to do it, and I made this promise to them."

Pete didn't have a response to that, so she continued. "I've already told you tonight that I have never felt this alive before. Every part of my body is still tingling, even after all that; even knowing that I'm exhausted. I felt earlier like I'd cum if anyone even touched any part of my body. Can you imagine feeling that way? That's how I felt. I think I need to do this, for them, for me, for us."

She then stared at him intently. He was looking skeptical. "You'll always have me, Pete. I'm not going anywhere. I love you, and I need you to see this, to see what I'm capable of, because I clearly have been stuffing this down for too long, and I need to find the real me. This 'slave' part of me might be it."

Pete sat up on his elbows at this. "Come again?"

"I really think that being a submissive fits me best. This might change, but I want you to be my master after this weekend is over."

Pete just looked up in surprise.

"I know that you can't make every weekend like what this one will be, but you can take charge and make the most of it, in more ways than just sex."

Pete thought about it for a minute, then responded. "I like that idea, but let's see where we are as the weekend goes on. This is still a lot to take in."

"Agreed," she said. She yawned. "I think my body is telling me to shut it down."

"Me, too."

They turned to face each other in the bed. The last words from either of their lips was, "I love you."


