A Progressive Strip
Sun Oct 15, 2006 00:1170.230.154.38

  Michele is a girl on our dorm floor. Sometimes she is great, but other times 
  she is a snotty bitch. Take the week after Winter Break. She came back all 
  golden tanned from their family vacation in Hawaii. She loved showing off her 
  tanlines to everyone. She made such a big deal out of everyone else being 
  pale. Well, everyone except my roommate Ginny. Ginny has a dark complexion. 

  When I first met Ginny, I thought she had a great tan. But that night when we 
  undressed to shower, I realized she didn't have a tan – no tanlines. I was 
  really glad I kept my mouth shut about her great "tan" when it was just her 
  normal skin color.

  Anyhow, Michele brags about all her experiences. She mentioned having several 
  guys in tow as she strutted down the beach in Hawaii wearing her tiny bikini. 
  Some girls loved to hear the stories, and some of us just would leave. Michele 
  would make a snotty remark to us, and that was fine. I was bored of her cock 
  teasing stories after the first week of school.

  The stories were even worse after Spring Break. Michele went to Florida with 
  the millions of other college kids. She entered and won a wet tee shirt 
  contest. She talked and talked about how thrilling it was to flash her tits 
  and have the crowd cheer. She mentioned that after winning the contest, she 
  was the celebrity on the beach in the bars for the rest of the week. Michele 
  would give the cute guys a peek at her tits for a free drink. She claims to 
  never have bought her own drink that week.

  I was leaving since we munched through all the chocolate chip cookies a girl 
  brought back from home, and Michele called out to me, "Go ahead and leave. I 
  know you are too embarrassed to show your tits anywhere." Some of the other 
  girls started laughing.

  I spun around ready to say something wicked, but Ginny stood up blocking me 
  from Michele. Ginny told Michele, "You think you are so daring and hot. How 
  about a challenge. Me against you."

  Michele laughed and said, "The only one around here more embarrassing than her 
  is you, Ginny. You wear those frumpy clothes, and you have like three outfits. 
  You run away and hide each weekend. What sort of challenge do you think you 
  can bet me?"

  Ginny said, "Well, you think you are the only one daring enough to flash her 
  tits to a crowd, let's start there and keep going. The one who stops stripping 
  first loses."

  A girl asked, "Ginny, are you challenging Michele to a strip tease contest?" 
  Michele started to laugh at the notion.

  I leaned over to whisper into Ginny's ear, "You might not want to do this. 
  Let's forget it."

  Ginny said, "No, I'm not forgetting it." She looked Michele straight in the 
  eyes, "I challenge you to a strip off." When asked how the contest would work, 
  Ginny said, "I'll leave to the details to a neutral party. Whatever they say, 
  goes. Deal?"

  Michele looked around and sensed everyone was excited about the challenge. I 
  don't think she could have backed down if she wanted to at this point. She 
  agreed, and picked one of her more loyal listeners as the rule makers. Ginny 
  agreed, and the bet was set for Friday evening.

  The rules were simple enough: each girl started out with equal number of 
  clothes, and at five minute intervals, they would remove one item. The trick 
  was that the competition was to be held in the local ice cream parlor, and 
  when you lost an item of clothing, you really lost it. They were going to 
  bring scissors and cut up the removed clothing. The idea was that you had to 
  be willing to walk back to the dorm with whatever you had left. The rules were 
  shoes and two layers of tops and bottoms.

  I worried about Ginny in this competition. I mean, it was true she had like 
  three outfits. That was all. I convinced her to wear a couple of my tee shirts 
  I didn't care if they were destroyed. I also gave her a pair of sweat pants 
  that could be cut into pieces. She wore her own knickers even though I was 
  willing to give her a skirt to wear over the sweats.

  Michele looked totally different. She was wearing two night shirts and two 
  pairs of sweats. I realized Michele had the upper hand. She could strip down 
  to one item – a night shirt – and still be showing anything. I wanted to have 
  Ginny change, but Ginny just asked for a rule change, "If I take off a top, 
  Michele has to take off a top. If I take off a bottom, Michele has to take off 
  a bottom." I didn't see how that would help, and apparently no one else did 
  either, but Michele agreed. Ginny was happy, and convinced me everything was 
  just fine.

  We all walked to the ice cream parlor, about twelve girls in all. A couple of 
  them had blabbed to their boyfriends, and the parlor had about twenty guys 
  waiting for us to arrive. Ginny didn't seem to care one bit. Michele yelled at 
  a girl for having a big mouth. Ginny said, "Oh, I thought you got a rush out 
  of flashing your tits to guys. Maybe they'll buy you an ice cream cone when 
  you are showing your pale tits."

  Michele snapped, "Pale? It's called a tan line. Not everyone has dark skin."

  Ginny laughed, "Oh, tan lines. That's right. My mistake. Do we start now or in 
  five minutes?"

  Michele didn't answer, but she started to give the male audience her rules for 
  them. "Keep you distance." A group of Michele's devoted listeners took 
  position to block most most of the guys' view until they stood on the booth 
  seats. Someone said they might as well remove their shoes first, and they did.

  Ginny wasted no time. She removed one tee shirt and handed it to the girl with 
  the scissors. The guys cheered as the pieces were tossed to them. Michele 
  shrugged and removed one of her extra long tee shirts that she used as a 
  nightshirt. I noticed the girl with the scissors didn't cut it into pieces, 
  but she just snipped it a few times. I realized the cards were stacked against 
  Ginny, and I needed to help. Fortunately, I was able to toss the cut shirt to 
  the guys who destroyed it completely.

  Ginny calmly looked over the ice selections waiting for the next five minute 
  call. The two workers there were getting the condensed version of what was 
  happening, and one said, "You guys are going to have to buy ice cream or 
  leave."

  Ginny asked for a baby cone of chocolate chip mint, and a guy was quick to pay 
  for her cone and one for himself. The workers were happy as long as someone 
  was buying ice cream.

  The five minute was made. Ginny offered Michele the option of going first. 
  Michele almost went for it until a girl explained that with two tops and two 
  bottoms, the second person would be the first one nude and the other could 
  just say they were out of the game. I realized that may have been Ginny's plan 
  all along. She might be willing to run home in her knickers or just a tee shirt 
  if it meant Michele had to run home naked.

  Ginny surprised me. She said, "Fine, I'll keep going first. Of course, when 
  you chicken out, everyone will know you are all talk and no show." Ginny 
  pulled off her other tee shirt to reveal her bare breasts. No one expected 
  that, especially not Michele. The guys were hollering and cheering. Michele 
  tried to slip one of her sweats as Ginny's shirts was being destroyed, but 
  everyone reminded Michele she had to lose a top to Ginny's top.

  I sensed real fear in Michele's eyes. She looked from face to face before 
  biting her lip and pulling off her last top. While Ginny did nothing to hide 
  her breasts from view, Michele was nearly doubled over with her arms crossed 
  over her bare breasts.

  Ginny asked, "Is anyone going to buy us topless girls an ice cream?" A few 
  guys literally fought each other to get to the counter and buy the ice cream 
  cones. The victor handed Ginny another chocolate chip mint baby cone. She 
  licked at it as he remained close by complimenting her. The would-be suitor to 
  Michele had a more difficult time getting Michele to take her cone. She 
  fumbled trying to hide her nipples with one arm and hand. Others purchased 
  their own cones waiting for the five minutes.

  Michele yelled out, "Come on. It must been already ten minutes! We said five!" 
  She was told there was still twenty seconds left until five minutes.

  Now, in light of what Ginny was doing, I was amazed she was ready to pull off 
  her sweats. We all knew Michele had the upper hand to the clothing war. Ginny 
  didn't hesitate a second at the five minute call. She was down to her knickers, 
  and while rather plain, the guys definitely did not care. They were hollering.

  Michele one the other hand attempted to one arm remove her outer sweats, but 
  as she tried, she found it difficult not to peel down both at the same time. 
  She finally had to use both hands and reveal her tits to everyone. She did 
  manage to get off the sweats rather quickly. 

  Michele was confident that she would win. She even declared as much. I mean, 
  no one expected Ginny to remove her knickers, too. Well, no one except Ginny. 
  She wandered the ice cream counter and when she pointed to chocolate fudge, 
  three guys fell to the floor tripping over each other to buy it. Ginny made no 
  effort to cover herself. She stood there licking the ice cream and laughing at 
  Michele who was refusing an ice cream from a guy.

  I decided to accept her ice cream in exchange for my knickers from under my 
  skirt. I thoroughly enjoyed it – both the tease of pulling off my knickers in 
  public and the ice cream. But mostly, I enjoyed pulling the guy's attention 
  away from Michele. Most were straining to see Ginny in just her knickers, and I 
  had the few others straining to see if they could see up my skirt.

  Michele was complaining the entire time. She was sure the time was up. She 
  figured if she could last to the final round, it would be a tie. She figured 
  wrong.

  At the five minute call, Ginny took a step to the middle of the parlor. She 
  hooked her white knickers in her thumbs, and with her knees locked, she pulled 
  them straight down to the ground to step out of them.

  The guys went wild. I've seen Ginny naked almost every evening as she sleeps 
  in the nude. I've been amazed, too. Her plain white knickers hid a lot more 
  than you might expect. Her ass is so firm and round. Her pubic hair was neatly 
  trimmed in a landing strip leaving her pussy bare. Her skin tone is perfect. 
  She raised her arms as she turned around for all to see her. One girl grabbed 
  her knickers and started to cut it into pieces with the guys fighting over the 
  pieces.

  Ginny didn't wait for Michele, she went over and pointed out another ice cream 
  to try. This time, all the guys crowded around her. That left Michele and her 
  loyal listeners alone on the other side of the parlor. It was comical 
  listening to them chatter. Some thought Michele should quit, and some wanted 
  Michele to make sure Ginny didn't win. Michele told them, "If I do remove my 
  last piece of clothing, it'll be a tie, and when you loan me something to wear 
  to walk back to the dorm, Ginny and Susan [that's me] won't have enough 
  clothes between the two of them to walk home."

  I then realized she was right. I should have worn extra clothing for Ginny, 
  but who would have thought mild-mannered Ginny would be bare butt naked in the 
  ice cream parlor with twenty guys! I could have kicked myself for giving away 
  my knickers. I should have worn a bra, too. Ginny and I were screwed.

  Michele attempted to get everyone's attention, but it took her several calls. 
  She had decided to strip off her sweats and call it a tie. She did a lightning 
  strip with both hands and immediately covered herself with her hands. The guys 
  did cheer, but it was mixed with laughing at her embarrassment, too.

  As Michele's sweats were destroyed between the guys, Ginny said, "Tie? I think 
  this game is going into extra innings. What do you say we go for a little 
  walk? We have to walk back to the dorms anyhow, so we can finish the game 
  along the way."

  Michele said, "The game was to strip in the parlor. We tied and that's that."

  Ginny said, "Okay that's fine, too, but none of us realize you aren't daring 
  as you claimed to be."

  Michele screamed, "I am too! I won that wet tee shirt contest. You never did!"

  Ginny said, "I know. I'll probably never enter a wet tee shirt contest. But 
  this is your chance to prove you are as daring as little ol' me."

  Michele asked, "We just walk back to the dorms right?"

  Ginny said, "Not much of a game. How about you take ten steps in any 
  direction, and I follow. Then I get ten steps, and you follow."

  Michele was getting irritated because she was still naked and Ginny was 
  stalling. Michele said, "Ten steps each? It'll take all night. Hundred each."

  Ginny smiled, "Deal."

  Michele's first hundred steps were slow and careful as the crowd made plenty 
  of room for her. Her nervous walk ended up at the roadside.

  Ginny did nothing to cover herself as she walked up the road for her hundred 
  steps, and they were BIG steps."

  Michele cried out, "You idiot! The dorm is the other way!"

  Ginny said, "Oh, is that the way you wanted to go home?"

  Michele looked ahead on the road and she panicked realizing the Frat houses 
  were on the next block. She took her hundred steps across the street and a 
  little back towards the dorm. Ginny paced her hundred further from the dorm 
  into the middle of the courtyard between the buildings. More people stopped to 
  watch Ginny and Michele's game.

  I was amazed. Ginny never even bothered to attempt covering her nudity. 
  Michele was constantly trying to readjust her hands for more coverage.

  Michele decided to use her hundred steps to seek a little cover next to the 
  Student Union building. That was her mistake. Ginny used her hundred steps to 
  walk into the entrance way lights. As other students were approaching the 
  union or leaving, they all stopped to find out what was going on. 

  Michele screamed, "Ginny, you are one crazy bitch! I'm not playing this game 
  anymore. It's a tie, and that's that."

  It was one of Michele's loyalist listeners that said, "I think if Ginny is 
  bold enough to walk through the Student Union, she should win."

  Michele said, "The bitch is crazy, but not that crazy. She'll get expelled. 
  I'm quitting now. Give me something to wear."

  Suddenly, no one was standing around Michele, nor offering her a thing to 
  wear. Everyone was waiting to see what Ginny was going to do. Ginny said, 
  "Michele, face it. You are not as daring as you pretend to be. This is what 
  daring looks like." With that, Ginny walked to the large wooden doors and some 
  guys held them open for her and everyone else fast in tow.

  Ginny walked, and slowly I should say, straight through the Student Union, and 
  while not packed with people, there were plenty. Many of whom stood and 
  applauded Ginny as she walked pass them. I looked out a window and saw Michele 
  running top speed back to the dorm. I had to call it to everyone. We had a 
  good chuckle. Ginny picked up the student newspaper and made herself 
  comfortable in a chair reading it. I sat down next to her and asked, "Maybe 
  you should take you victory and run, too."

  Ginny looked around and smiled, "I suppose you are right, but why run on a 
  beautiful evening like tonight?" She causally strolled arm-in-arm with me as 
  we walked. 

  Once we reached our dorm room, I said, "I didn't think you had it in you to 
  bet Michele, yet you did and then some. How?"

  Ginny started laughing, "I thought you knew. I'm a nudist. The toughest part 
  has been wearing clothes all year."

  "Nudist? You?"

  She said, "You saw I didn't have tanlines. You saw the Christmas Cards I 
  received. What did you think?"

  I laughed and confessed, "I thought you were just naturally dark skinned, and 
  I thought the Christmas Cards were novelty cards as a joke from someone."

  "Nope. Friends and family. The one on my mirror is mom and dad."

  I looked at it again. My mouth dropped, "That's your parents? No wonder you 
  look gorgeous." I slapped my head, "So you're not naturally dark skinned, just 
  a full tan."

  Ginny flopped on her bed, "Actually, I have no idea if I'm light skinned or 
  dark. I've always had a full tan my entire life. On the weekends, I go to a 
  local nudist resort. That's why I never totally lost my tan living with all 
  you textiles"

  I laughed, "Textiles, eh? Is that what you nudies c 



 
