The following true incident must surely rank high among the longest duration exposures, as it concerned a display lasting a good 10 minutes - unless anyone knows better! 

It took place at Porthtowan, a little seaside resort in Cornwall where my wife and I used to go on holiday. It is a snall sandy cove with low cliffs on either side. The access is via a longishlane down the valley and many people were given to taking a short cut by climbing down the cliffs. 

My wife and I were on the beach one day when a young couple appeared at the top of one of the cliffs, obviously planning to climb down. The girl, in her early 20's was nervous and reluctant to start down the cliff. She was wearing a light cotton dress that came down to just above her knees. Boyfriend went first and told her to follow him but to hold on tight. He sat off and the girl follwed a minute or two later. As soon as she lowered herself over the edge though, the wind took control of the situation. This was no playful breeze content with flipping away at the hem of the girl's skirt! It was a grim, determined wind that was intent on having her knickers fully exposed! Within seconds her skirt was totally inverted so that everything from her waist down was fully visible. She was wearing white cotton knickers with narrow strips of elasticated lace around the legs and waist. The knickers were quite tight, exposing the lower edges of her bum cheeks and outlining every curve and crevice of her bottom! She screamed to attract the attention of boyfriend a few feet below and succeeded in also gaining the attention of almost everyone on the beach. I heard boyfriend say to her, "Whatever you do don't let go and just follow me!" 

They started on their tortuous way. The girl's dress had no belt and before long it had blown up above her waist to the extent that she was almost showing her bra. The skirt covered her face so that she could only look up to concentrate on finding hand holds. The cliff was about 50 feet high and it must have taken the girl a good 10 minutes to reach the bottom and step onto a rock. She turned to face the beach, momentorily too shocked to worry about her skirt thereby showing the whole of the front of her knickers to the watching crowd as well. 

When she had gathered herself together I could see that her face was bright red with embarrassment.






