A Spoiled Vacation
By Captainquixote

Hildy, Nissa and Becca were loving their vacation. A posh resort and they didn’t even have to pay for it. Winners of a grand prize in a soda pop contest. They'd already had a time worth remembering for a few days. Now they were ready to relax a bit. They decided to spend some time at the hotel pool.

The three girls were quite a sight to behold in their bikinis. Nissa had short brown hair and green eyes. She was the most athletic of the girls, toned all over and well tanned. Hildy was just as pretty but in a cute sort of way with her short, wavy blonde hair. She had soft curves all over, especially her tits. They bounced a little with every step. Becca was the most voluptuous. Her tits weren’t huge but they were big. All three girls attracted attention, but Becca’s chest was usually the first place men looked. And everyone was looking.

There was one man at the pool who wasn’t happy at all with the display. “Excuse me miss,” the stern looking gentleman in a hotel suit said to to Hildy, “I’m Mister Prishkin, the hotel manager. I’m afraid that you, and your friends are dressed inappropriately.”

“What?”

“Your Swimsuits are too revealing.”

“Oh. Okay. Sorry, we didn’t know.”

“The rules are clearly posted over there,” he said pointing to a sign that resembled a small contract. They couldn’t possibly expect anyone to read all that. But apparently they did. Somewhere on it, couched between no children without adult supervision and diving allowed only in the deep end was a list of rules that governed what swimwear was and was not allowed to show. All three of them, in different ways were breaking the rules. The girls were annoyed by this because, while their swimsuits flaunted their bodies, they weren’t entirely immodest. Prishkin explained, as though annoyed, “I’m afraid the hotel is quite adamant. We can’t allow the swimsuits. I’ll have to confiscate them. They’ll be waiting for you at the desk when you check out.”

“Confiscate them?,” Becca asked.

“Please remove them,” the Prishkin elucidated.

“You’re serious,” Nissa asked. It was the stupidest thing she had ever heard. Your swimsuits are too small so get naked? It was like something a juvenile slacker might write in a bad story. However they didn’t want to lose their stay here. They had another two weeks and they would never get another opportunity like this. The problem was, there wasn’t even a changing area down here (strange for a fancy hotel, again almost like a contrived story). Nissa and Becca were still a bit too rattled to consider what to do so Hildy volunteered. “I’ll go first. Just, just hold up your towels. Right here,” she pointed to a fence. Nissa and Becca helped out, making an impressive barrier so that no one could see.

Hildy’s top came off, up where everyone could see it above the towel. Her bottoms dropped down to her ankles and she stepped out. A lot of men were watching but no one could see around the towels. “There,” Hildy said as she wrapped a towel around her.

“Awesome body!,” someone shouted from behind the fence. Hildy glanced down and saw a knot hole with an eye staring through. Somone had watched her undress! “AAAAAHH!” Whoever it was ran, leaving Hildy feeling naked even though the towel covered more than her swimsuit did.

Nissa said with trepidation, “I guess it’s my turn, but I’m not changing by that fence.” She walked over to a corner of a pool building that was closed in by two walls as her friends made a towel barrier for her. Again, men marveled as they saw her top come up and her bottoms come down. They couldn’t see what they wanted to though. Most of them couldn’t. Two young boys were up on the roof above her and had seen everything as she stripped. “Yahoo!” One of them yelled once she was done.

Nissa screamed just as Hildy had. She flushed and almost ran, seeing the young eyes that had seen her naked body.

How were they going to protect Becca though? Two towels were used as clothing now. The only one left was her own. Becca decided to wrap that towel around her and hold it in place as her friends removed her bikini underneath. The gathering men lusted at the display. Even though they couldn’t see it all, a busty, beautiful girl was being undressed by her friends. Her bottoms came off easy enough but the top gave a little trouble. Right when Nissa had it untied, she pulled it out triumphantly, but this tugged the towel out of Becca’s hand. Shrieeek!!! She was stark naked in front of about fifteen men who were hollering and laughing. She grabbed her towel back up and wrapped it around her body quickly.

Hildy angrily handed the bikinis to the hotel man. Nissa said quietly, “Let’s get back to our room now.” The girls headed back but they felt a bit awkward about wandering through the lobby in only their towels. So they decided to take a longer way around that might keep them out of sight. What they didn’t know was that they were being followed by the pair of mischievous boys that had spied on Nissa earlier. They had already seen Nissa and Becca naked, now they were determined to see Hildy too.

The girls made it inside through a side entrance and quickly darted around a corner into a hallway. They knew they were going to have to head to the elevators, but they needed to build up a little courage first. Before they could do that, the boys had snuck up behind them. One of them reached out and carefully grabbed the corner of Hildy’s towel and snapped it off. Panicked, she turned toward them before she covered. The other boy had a cell phone that clicked a picture of her naked body. Shriek!!! She covered as another picture clicked. The boy with her towel was about to run off, but Becca managed to grab it from him. Hildy turned away from the camera, but this only gave the happy young man a chance to get a picture of her bare ass before he ran away too. Their cheery laughter kept ringing in Hildy’s head as she wrapped her towel back around herself.

Hildy’s scream had attracted the attention of some other uptight member of the hotel staff. He was a bit startled at seeing them when he rounded the corner. “Uhm, is everything all right?”

“Everything’s fine,” Becca snarled at him.

“Hm. Well, I hate to tell you this, but we can’t have you wandering around the hotel like that. You are wearing something under those towels aren’t you?”

“No,” Nissa explained bitterly. “One of you other jokers made us take off our bikinis.”

“I see. Yes, we can’t have any terribly skimpy swimwear either. Still, I can’t have you in the lobby like that. You’ll have to come this way.” He led them down the hall and into a door marked Employees Only, then down another long hallway. Finally he gestured, “Here’s one of our service elevators, take it.”

“Thank you,” Hildy said, pleased to have a way out of the public eye.

The man gave a condescending nod as he strode off. The girls got onto the elevator and checked the buttons. “Hey!,” Becca observed, “This doesn’t go all the way to our floor!”

“The service halls must not go all the way,” Nissa said.

“This place is seriously screwed up,” Becca said as she pushed the button for the highest floor. The elevator stopped on the very next floor though where a stunned, then smiling young bellhop got on. “How are you ladies?” Their only response was cold silence. He had intended to get off on the same floor as the girls, but he decided to do something more exciting. He pressed the button for a floor in between. As the elevator ascended, he wasn’t too subtle about eyeing what he could and wondering what was under those towels. Then it stopped and the doors opened. “Have a nice day ladies,” he said as he grabbed Nissa’s towel off of her, causing her to shriek. His timing was perfect. The doors closed behind him just in time to keep the girls from following. Nissa covered her naked body with her hands and stared at her friends who couldn’t think of a single supportive thing to say.

The elevator stopped at the highest floor they could reach and opened. Nissa could hardly look as she expected someone there to see her exposure. She was lucky though. No one was in sight. The three stepped out into the hallway. “What are we gonna do?,” Nissa asked desperately.

“Becca and I will check ahead. Stay here and, uh, hope that that elevator doesn’t come back.”

Becca and Hildy wandered down the hall briskly, checking for anyone around any corner while Nissa peered carefully from around the corner. She watched her friends make their way down and she felt a bit safer with them looking out for her. What she hadn’t counted on was the noise she heard behind her. The elevator was opening up. She turned and stared wide eyed at the bellhop who had stolen her towel. He had come up to get another look and was now smiling at the view he got of Nissa’s nakedness.

“Where’s your friends?,” he asked with a conversational tone, his eyes wandering all over her, lingering everywhere where her hands covered.

“You, you stay back! Becca! Hildy!”

For a few seconds she was subjected to a wait as the bellhop just stood and blatantly stared. Then one of her towel clad friends arrived. Becca rushed to her and saw the trouble. “You again!” Before she could say anything else, the surprising fast bellhop had the corner of her towel and snapped it off. “Hey!”

He had caught only a glimpse of Becca’s well rounded figure before he dodged in between them and ran down the hall. Becca gave chase to get her towel back. Hildy saw her coming and tried to warn her, “Becca no! It’s the boys with the camera!”

This was all the young lads had to hear. They shot around the corner, and cell phone ready, started clicking pictures. Becca was completely exposed. To keep up with the bellhop she had to run without covering. She screamed and threw her arms around herself as the boys got closer and kept on clicking their pictures. “Awesome!” one of them commented. “I love this place!,” his friend said.

Hildy wanted to stop the boys, or better yet take their camera, but she saw why Becca was naked and decided to solve that problem instead. As the bellhop tried to get around her, she grabbed the towel and then was in a tug of war to retrieve the cloth that would return Becca’s modesty.

It was a comical picture, bellhop and scantily clad girl fighting over a towel, Becca helplessly covering while a cell phone kept clicking pictures. The boy who wasn’t busy with that though saw a new opportunity. While Hildy was concentrating on the tug of war, the boy snapped her towel off as well. The camera immediately turned and got a couple of good naked shots as she struggled for the towel.

Becca, more clear headed now with the camera turned away, grabbed that towel away from the boy and started to wrap it around herself as she screamed, “Nissa! Come help!” She was even looking down the hall and this was all the camera kid needed to start running in that direction to see what he was missing.

Hildy kicked her opponent in the crotch and thereby managed to retrieve the towel. She stared at the young voyeur near her and grimaced as she realized that the cell phone that now had several bare naked shots of her was out of reach.

At that point, Nissa was screaming again as pictures were being taken of her with only her arms covering her body. The smiling young photographer couldn’t get uncovered shots as he had of the other two girls, but it was still worthwhile, especialy since her expression was so shocked and horrified.

In a few moments, Becca and Hildy were there to protect Nissa and to take the camera. They didn’t get the chance though. The other boy had followed them and, with their backs to him, he yanked the towels off again. “Run Billy!!!” The two young boys darted away, camera intact with naked pictures of all three girls.

Becca, Hildy and Nissa were all mortified at their predicament and the blatant abuse they had suffered on what was supposed to be their vacation. At least the little brats left the two towels behind though. Nissa was still left uncovered except for her arms and a blush.

The girls made their way carefully down the hall, self conscious in towels and Nissa horrified at walking naked in a public place. They listened though for the sounds of anyone else who might take advantage of their situation. Becca and Hildy went first, checking around corners. Behind them though was a man making his way to his room. He had been gawking at Nissa’s bare ass until he got close and she heard him. She spun in place and froze as he walked by slowly, very slowly, eyeing everything he could with a smile.

The moment he was gone, Nissa wailed, “Hildy! Becca! What am I gonna do? I can’t keep going like this?”

“Well what do you want to do?,” Becca asked. “Just stay here?”

“Uuuh...” With that, she kept walking. They weren’t yet to their elevators when a second lucky vacationer wandered down their hall and got to stare at the helplessly naked young lady. This guy didn’t keep walking though. As soon as he caught up to her, he just stood and stared, getting a little too close. “Girls!,” Nissa shouted. She had backed up to a door without knowing it, so she couldn’t keep away from this ogling pervert.

“Whatcha doing like that?”

“You just go away!! Stop staring at me!”

Hildy and Becca were shouting at the guy as they rushed over and, reluctantly, he started to move on. The commotion though had gotten the attention of someone in the room. The door that Nissa still pressed up to suddenly opened and she fell backward. Having to catch herself made her uncover momentarily, giving a brief but good look at her exceptional body to the man who had opened his door.

He shouted, “Hey! Look at this!” Two friends of his rushed to the door and were pleasantly surprised to see an attractive, naked girl on the floor. “Let’s help her up!,” one of them said.

“NO!” But it was too late, three smiling guys had their hands on her arms, lifting her from the floor and uncovering her in the process. They were chuckling and leering and one of them copped a feel of her butt.

Hildy and Becca hadn’t wanted to get in the middle of that at first but seeing Nissa’s embarassment, they rushed forward and pulled her away from the men. “Let her go you jerks!”

The three girls rushed out the door and slammed it behind them. A little too quickly. The corner of Hildy’s towel got caught in the door. She pulled at it, but found it stuck fast. She pounded on the door, “Hey! Hey, open up! I’m stuck!” This was a poor choice of words. The door might have opened, but the men on the other side decided that they liked the sound of having her trapped outside their hotel room. They were chuckling at the sound of her panicked knocking. Then Nissa demanded, “Hildy! I don’t want them to open that door again!”

Hildy looked at her naked friend, arms over her assets. She thought about what she would think in Nissa’s place, but on the other hand, “What do you want me to do? My towel is caught.”

“Let’s pull it out,” Becca said as she grabbed hold near the corner. Nissa grabbed hold too so Hildy had no choice but to help. Becca, not wanting the perverts inside to overhear, whispered in Hildy’s ear, “Slip it off just a moment so we can get a good grip on it.”

“O-okay,” Hildy said, reluctant but not thinking quick enough to refuse. She dropped the towel and all three girls grabbed hold and gave a good quick tug. The towel tore in two pieces, loudly as the girls all fell backward.

The tear and the crash were heard inside, so the door opened suddenly. Three men were smiling at the sight of one towel clad and two totally naked young women on the floor. Hildy and Nissa screamed as they covered up, Hildy with her half a towel and Nissa with her hands. Then Nissa lunged for the remaining part of the towel, but too late. One of the men grabbed it and the door shut again.

“Let’s get out of here!,” Hildy said, mortified at being seen naked by yet more strangers. She led the way, walking swiftly with her towel portion over her front. It was now too small to cover all the way around so her butt would be bare to anyone they encountered.


A Spoiled Vacation part 2

They made their way along carefully, but swiftly, but they only got to the next corner to turn before Becca, in the lead, could hear someone saying, “They went this way I think, sir!”

“Those damn girls! I should have followed them from the pool! I’ll have them kicked out of the hotel if I catch them!”

It was Prishkin, the man who had forced them out of their bikinis, being led by the sleazy bellhop who had accosted them earlier. Worse, they were headed this way! Becca, without a word, waved the other girls away and the three of them started running as quickly and quietly as they could the other way. There was too much hallway to cover before they could dart around a corner, so they needed some other shelter. Nissa noticed a door marked ‘SERVICE ROOM’ and pointed as she opened it. The trio of girls rushed in waited breathlessly, listening.

“Who are you?,” asked an awestruck voice.

Nissa gave a little yelp and stared at a janitor who was staring at her. Hildy, making certain to keep her bare ass pointed the other way gave a pleading, “sshhhhh!!” The janitor kept quiet and smiled, eyeing all three girls. He pushed in between them and made his way to the door. The girls were worried, but they saw him lock it without a word. A moment or two later, they could hear fast moving footsteps rush by along with the complaint, “--little strumpets! I should have gotten their room number!” Then he was gone.

The janitor recognized the voice and asked the girls, “Running from Mr. Prishkin?”

“What will he do if he catches us?”

“Kick you out I guess. Maybe call the cops. He’s that way. What are you doing like that?”

“He, Prishkin, made us take off our swimsuits.”

“Well, you’re lucky you hid here. Or maybe not so lucky.” The Janitor was a big guy, and an obvious pervert. The girls were shocked as he reached forward and pulled Hildy’s towel off of her.

“Hey!”

He had one of her wrists in his grip, so she couldn’t cover completely. She had her pussy covered, but he could ogle her tits with pleasure. Next was Nissa. He pulled her hand away from her tits to get a good look, then he copped a liberal feel. “Don’t! You can’t do that!” He sn*tched off Becca’s towel right before she opened the door and she had to suppress a shriek. Her back was to him, so he grabbed a handful of her big round ass. Hildy got the door open and was out, with Nissa behind her. The janitor held Becca just long enough to grope one tit with gusto before letting her go. He laughed as he shut the door behind her. Hildy had managed to save her half a towel, but both Nissa and Becca were naked now.

The girls set out quickly to get away, but in the opposite direction that Mr. Prishkin had gone. That, unfortunately took them further away from the elevators. They made it back to the service elevators but were uncertain what to do. Hildy offered a plan. “We’ll just take one of these elevators down a floor or two where this guy won’t be looking for us. Then we’ll make our way over to the ones that will take us to our floor.”

Becca and Nissa looked to each other hoping that the other had some better idea, but none surfaced. So Hildy hit the down button and they waited, covering their nudity, nervous that someone might come along. No one did but when the elevator arrived it wasn’t empty. A rather startled old man stared wide eyed at the naked beauties.

“H-hi.” Nissa said as she stepped in. “We’re just, uh, trying to get back to our room.” Becca and Hildy also stepped in. The old man just stood there, ogling them openly now. Becca asked, “Aren’t you getting out?”

“Not now I’m not!” He smiled as the doors closed and he looked all three of them over as they glared at him. The next floor arrived and they got out hurriedly. “Have a nice day girls!”

Becca was almost shivering with rage. “Come on! Let’s get where we’re going already!” She led the way. They crept along carefully, Nissa and Becca naked and Hildy in her half a towel that couldn’t even wrap around her. They started to feel more comfortable as they made it half way to the other elevators, then they heard the sound of a picture being taken behind them. The two boys with their phone cam had snuck up on them and were clicking away shots of the three bare butts. Now that the girls turned and stared, shocked, the boys started giggling as the pics got the girls’ front sides covered only by arms and hands. Hildy started towards them, so they ran away. Becca and Nissa both had to shout to stop Hildy. They didn’t want to get separated. At least this time the two little hooligans hadn’t gotten any real frontal nudity from them.

They headed back the way they came and again ran into a stranger. This one wasn’t as bad given that she was a woman, a surprised looking hotel employee pushing along a cart full of cleaning supplies. The three naked young women stalled, uncertain what to do. The house keeping girl asked hesitantly, “Are you three all right?”

“Yes.” … “No.” … “We’re just trying to get to our rooms.”

In the distance, from the hall they were just in, they could hear the loud voice of Mister Prishkin shouting about catching the exhibitionists in his hotel. The girls were all wide eyed with panic. “Those little shits with the camera must have tipped him off!,” Becca hissed. Whether she was right or wrong, he was coming and they had to get away.

The house keeping girl looked sympathetic. “This way,” she said as she rushed to a specific door and got her keys out. The girls followed obediently. They were let into a closet filled with towels and sheets and so on. The house keeping girl closed and locked it behind them. Hildy, Becca and Nissa were nervous. It hadn’t turned out too well when they hid like this just minutes before. After some tense moments, they heard Prishkin thunder by and then fade away. Once he was inaudible, the door opened again. “It’s safe now,” their new best friend told them. “You’ve got to go back the way you came though.”

“Thank you so much!,” Hildy said.

“And cover up!,” the girl said as she handed them each a towel.

Smiling and waving, the toweled trio headed back to the elevators. They got there without any further adventures, but they now had to get to another floor in order to get to the main elevators that would take them to their room.

They made their way back to the service elevators, hoping that this time would be their last time. It was ridiculous that they should have this much trouble just getting to some elevators that would take them to their own floor. They had to get there eventually. Their bad luck couldn’t just hold out forever. Could it?

As the girls got on the elevator two very fortunate young men couldn’t help smiling wide at the three towel clad young women with them. Nervously, the girls tried to act as they would on any elevator ride. They stared at the doors and minded their own business. They were overly conscious of the stares of the men with them, but at least this time none of them were naked.

They went down just one floor, hoping that would be enough to outmaneuver Mister Prishikin. They stepped out, looking around carefully. They were paying too much attention to the outside of the elevator and not enough to what was still in it. Just as the doors were closing, one of the fellows grabbed Hildy’s towel, sn*tching it off of her. Hildy of course shrieked. There wasn’t time to get it back. The elevator closed giving her no time for anything other than hearing the laughter of the prankster that had her towel.

Even with no one around, Hildy was already covering her nudity. “Oh no! We’ve got to go back up. Maybe that cleaning girl will give us another towel.”

“We can’t,” Becca said sternly. “Prishkin might still be up there. We can’t run into him.”

Hildy looked at her friends with pleading eyes, but Nissa agreed with Becca giving a little “sorry”.

Much to Hildy’s good fortune, the hallways they trotted through were empty. They had finally made it to the main elevators. It was a triumph for them. They were that much closer to their room and sanctuary from their embarrassment. And these elevators were so much more inviting. The girls pressed the up button with a sense of victory.

Becca and Nissa were smiling slightly, knowing that their ordeal was nearly over. Hildy, couldn’t manage a smile. Standing there naked, covered only by her hands all she could do was hope that the elevator would be empty. She wasn’t that fortunate. As the doors opened, three guys were on the elevator, and all were suddenly smiling when they saw what was waiting for them. “Whoa!” “Babes!” “Is she naked?”

Hildy almost didn’t get on. Her friends gave her a nudge and she begrudingly stepped on, staring hopelessly at the lucky guys making way. The doors closed and the elevator started moving. So did the girls’ riding companions. One of them, with no subtlety at all, reached over and took a quick pat of Hildy’s bare butt. “Hey!”

Becca shouted, “Hands off asshole!”

He was smiling even under Becca’s anger. Hildy stepped over to let Becca stand between them. This only put her in arm’s reach of another chuckling jerk who didn’t just take a pat, he gave her a good grab. Hildy squawked. She backed away as the girls started to wonder what they should do. There were eight more floors to go and the elevator seemed to move slow.

The third guy needed his turn, so he took his handful of Hildy’s butt. She turned away from him, feeling desperately trapped. Of course she had no way to keep herself away from all three. Becca and Nissa couldn’t really do much to help her. They were only two the the men’s three and besides that, they worried that they might be the next object of unwanted attention if they resisted too hard.

Hildy’s hand was pulled away from between her legs, letting two of the guys get a decent, if quick look at her pretty little black bush. “Stop! Leave me alone!” Her ass took a few more copped feels and her hand was pulled away from her pussy once more before she had a way to escape. The elevator dinged and the doors slid open. It wasn’t their floor, but they weren’t going to subject Hildy to any more of this. Hildy rushed out, past a startled woman. Betty and Nissa backed out slowly, making sure they wouldn’t be followed. The men had had their fun, so they just smiled and stayed put. One waved and another said, “We’ll see you around!”

Hildy was furiously silent as she shivered in rage and looked around to see if anyone was there to see her nakedness. There was. A very lucky older gentleman was smiling at her, looking her up and down while she was covered by nothing more than her own arms. He was seemingly polite (which made it worse) and very brazen considering that he made eye contact with her easily. Nissa and Becca stood between him and Hildy to help her out.

Nissa wanted to know, “Should we just get on another elevator?”

“Duh!,” Becca said.

Then three elevators dinged almost at once. This was triply fortunate since, at that moment, the girls could hear the shouting of someone running down the hall towards them.

“Prishkin!,” they all shouted at once. He was followed by three of the hotel bellhops. Not knowing what he was planning to do once he caught them, the girls all panicked.

“This way,” the older gent said helpfully as he took Hildy’s arm and moved her towards his elevator. Nissa had panicked and begun to run the other way and ended up in the furtherest elevator. Becca, seeing her friends separate, didn’t know which way to go. She looked back and forth at them, realizing a moment too late that they didn’t have time to get together. Mister Prishkin was almost there. Becca, panic and worry still holding her place, at the last moment wasn’t able to get into the elevator with either of her friends. She ended up in the third. Becca and Hildy were frantically pressing the door close button in their elevators. Hildy was spared having to take a hand from her body as the man who had led here there did it for her.

It was a tragedy. They were separated now. If Prishkin caught any one of them, then he would find out their room number and have them all thrown out and maybe worse. Would they all three make it to their room?

Hildy stood in her elevator car with one hand clasped tightly over her pussy and her other arm across her chest. Along with the man who led her here, there were three other people, two of them men, who all stared with surprise at the sweet naked blonde cowering in the corner.

“Which floor?,” the old man asked her kindly.

“Uh, the top floor,” Hildy lied. They were one floor below that but she didn’t want anyone here to have any idea where her room actually was. She was surprised to see that he did press the button for her. If she had had to press the button herself, one hand would have had to move. As it turned out, his intentions were not villainous, he only wanted to keep looking at her. Which he did. He, and everyone else in the elevator.

Hildy was mortified at having to keep quiet while she was being so blatantly ogled. She tried to look at the floor or the doors to pretend that nothing was wrong but she couldn’t help looking at the people there. Every time she did, she saw a pair of eyes locked onto her body. She rode along, blushing until they all got off on their own floors.

Once she was alone, she pressed the correct button. She got out slowly and was grateful to find that she was the only person in sight. Then she was less relieved when she realized that her friends were nowhere in sight. She couldn’t even get in the room. Nissa had the key card. What was she going to do? She couldn’t just stand here naked in front of the elevators. There was a room with an ice machine and a few other vending machines nearby. She decided to hide in there and listen for any arriving elevator.


A Spoiled Vacation part 3

Hildy’s ride wasn’t nearly as bad as Beccas. The elevator she had slipped into was occupied by three men looking very much like a trio of frat boys on vacation. Becca looked at them once the doors closed and hesitantly pushed the button to her floor. The smiles on these three were enough to inspire paranoia as they looked her over carefully. Even with her towel on she felt uncovered, especially when one of them would stare blatantly at her voluptuous chest. The elevator hadn’t gone far when Becca realized that she had somehow settled right into the middle of the car. She was now in the center of a triangle of horny college guys and all she had between herself and them was her towel. She tried to ignore this but that wouldn’t be possible for long.

The guy behind her asked, “Are you wearing anything under that?” As he spoke, he checked by lifting the back of her towel and being treated to the sight of her nice round ass. “You’re not!!”

He started chuckling as Becca whirled around to face him. This put the other two out of her line of sight and before she could even say a word one of them had whipped her towel off! “AAAH! What are you doing?” She was stark naked for the viewing pleasure of these three. She threw a hand over her bush but her big tits were going to be on display as she reached for her stolen towel. She tried to grab it back from the guy who had it, but this became a game of keep away. “NO! Stop that!” It was passed from one of her tormentors to another as she had to turn to and lunge for it time and again without being able to touch it.

They were so skilled at this it was almost as though they had practice. Becca’s beautiful boobs bounced and swayed and wobbled delightfully as she struggled futilely to get her towel back. She kept complaining and demanding that they hand it back. This was met only with laughs and comments about her body. The only other things they would say were along the lines of, “Over here!” as the towel would be passed.

The elevator dinged and the doors opened to a surprised couple who didn’t know what to make of what they were seeing. The lady’s smiling boyfriend almost stepped onto the elevator but his quickly fuming girlfriend stopped him. Becca just stared at them, wishing this would stop.

The doors closed again and she tried to get ahold of her towel. She still had no success. Then as one of them held her towel out of reach, another copped a feel of her butt. “HEY!” She swatted at the offending hand. A split second later another one had her ass in his hand. She spun to get him off and the game changed. Now she wasn’t trying to get her towel back. She just wanted to keep her anatomy out of their grabby hands.

For four floors on a slow moving elevator her butt and her boobs were constantly being grabbed, petted, squeezed and fondled by three total strangers. Every so often it looked like she might have a chance to retrieve her towel, but it never happened and the wandering hands just continued constantly.

The elevator dinged again and Becca wasted no time escaping even without her towel. Again there were some startled people, some shocked, some smiling. At least the three on the elevator didn’t follow her off. They did keep her towel though and she watched helplessly as her cover disappeared behind the closing elevator doors, leaving her naked in a group of strangers. She pressed a button to summon another elevator and tried not to make eye contact with anyone.

What about Nissa though? She also had an adventure getting upstairs. The elevator she was on was full of people. It was also going the wrong way. It went down rather than up. She was squeezed in, holding on to her towel while trying to look inconspicuous. Nothing happened while she was in there but at her first chance, she stepped out.

She had had to squeeze in, now she squeezed out. She made it just as the elevator closed. Pushing her way through people though, the corner of her towel got stuck between the doors. She was fortunate to feel the tug of it before it came off. She watched the man who got off before her amble away. When she thought she was alone again, she pulled at her towel. It budged, but didn’t come free. Another pull slid it a bit further out, but so little an amount she wasn’t sure she was making progress. This could take some time. It took enough time in fact that she was discovered before she could free herself.

Click! Nissa looked around, startled at that familiar sound and was aghast to see that the two boys that had been hounding them with that camera phone had caught up to her again. “How do you little shits keep finding us?”

The one with the phone whispered to his friend who then moved forward quickly. He grabbed Nissa’s arm and said happily, “Let me help!”

“What? No! Let go!” Too late. She tried to push him away, but this only let him grab her other wrist and she was pulled forward a few steps. Her towel stayed stuck.

Click! Click! “All right!,” said the boy taking photos. “Now we’ve got full frontal on all three of them!”

Nissa pulled her arms free and covered, momentarily helpless as the camera continued to take snapshots. Then the boys saw some rage. She started to run at them and they took off. They weren’t about to lose their camera and the precious pictures it contained. They outpaced her for a moment or two, then she started gaining ground. The boys were afraid of losing their camera until one of them heard a sound. “Hey, the elevator’s opening! You’d better get your towel!”

He wasn’t lying either. Nissa heard the doors opening. She turned back and started after her towel. One of the boys shouted after her, “By the way, you lost something else!” She didn’t have time to work that out. She had to have that towel before someone else took it.

Nissa was concentrating on running back as fast as she could, not looking ahead. So she almost reached the elevators before she noticed that it was the wrong one that was opening. Her towel was still trapped. It was the next elevator opening, the lady getting off hesitating at the odd sight of a naked young woman running toward her.

Nissa stopped in her tracks and spun around. Her towel would still be a struggle, but could she catch the camera kids? No, they were out of sight. “Damn it!”

“Are you all right?” said the woman. Her concern was echoed by a man still in the elevator.

Nissa covered again but didn’t answer. Before she could, she heard some shouting down the hall, “There’s one of them! I found one!”

Nissa saw one of Prishkin’s cronies rushing at her. She had no choice, she dived into the open elevator and shouted, “Close the doors! Close the doors!”

He did and they were on their way. “What’s the problem?,” He asked.

Nissa was still covering and blushing but she was surprised to see that he was actually avoiding looking at her. She related her story, or rather summed it up quickly.

“Well, you don’t want to stay on the elevator. They might catch you. You’re too easy to find.” The doors opened but the concerned gentleman stepped in the way and held up a hand to keep out whoever wanted in. Again, Nissa was surprised and grateful. It was good to know that not everyone would take advantage. Once the doors closed, he explained, as he pushed a button to stop on the next floor, “You want to take the stairs. I’ll get you to them. The doors to the stairs don’t open form inside except on the ground floor. You won’t get out, but I’ll take the elevator up and open the door for you.”

“You will? Thank you!” This was Nissa’s one and only major stroke of luck during their naked adventures. Don’t worry. It won’t last.

He led her along quickly to the stairs. As she stepped in, she turned to say thank you again and caught the stranger’s eyes lingering a moment longer than would have been proper, but he looked away again quickly. She wasn’t really upset. After all, he earned it and now she didn’t have to wonder if he was gay.

Nissa now had a way to get herself to her floor without being concerned about being spotted. No one took the stairs, so she’d be safe. Once upstairs, the gentleman was true to his word. He opened the door for her as soon as she knocked. “Thank you so much!”

“My pleasure.”

“Maybe I’ll see you around when I’m dressed.” With a smile, she went about locating her friends. It didn’t take long. There were only so many places they could be. Hildy and Becca were both cowering naked in a room with an assortment of vending machines near the elevators.

“Where the hell have you been?,” Becca asked desperately.

“I had to go up the stairs. What happened to your towel?”

“What happened to yours?”

Hildy told her, “While we’ve been waiting for you some guy found us here and told his friends. Every few minutes someone else has come in to gawk at us.”

Becca grumbled, “Let’s just get to our room.”

The three of them set out down the hall quickly, already covering their nudity as best they could in case anyone happened to be around. They were fortunate enough to go unnoticed. Then they got to the door. Nissa stepped forward and then noticed something wrong. Hildy and Becca looked at each other nervously and then at Nissa who turned to face them. “Did I have the key?”

“What?,” Becca said, “of course you did!”

“Where is it?,” Hildy demanded.

“I don’t know,” Nissa admitted. Their key card was on a band she was wearing around her wrist. Now it was gone. Then it hit her. Those rotten kids who kept taking all the pictures, one of them said that she’d lost something else. When he pulled her out of her stuck towel, he must have managed to get her key off of her. She didn’t notice it was missing until now.

“What do we do?,” Hildy said nervously.

Nissa stayed silent, not wanting to make herself a target of her friends’ anger. Becca said what had to be said. “We’ll have to go to the front desk. We need another key.”

“No,” Hildy said softly. They were so close to safety and now they would have to trek all over the hotel again without any clothes.

The girls heard a chuckling and turned to see the camera boys yet again, reviewing some pictures they had taken while the girls were stranded outside their door. “Great shot there, Billy!”

“I know, look at that bush!”

“And those boobs!”

The girls were too enraged at this to feel embarrassment right away. “Give us back our key!,” Nissa shouted as she started to give chase. Becca was right behind her with Hildy taking up the rear.

The boys had their escape already planned out. They made certain to have some distance before running so that they could make the elevators. One of those elevators was held open by a chair in between the doors. The boys pulled it out and rushed in, the elevator shutting just before Nissa would have had one by the collar. It just kept happening! There was a cell phone full of naked pictures of them out there and it kept getting away!

The girls cursed and stormed momentarily at another defeat before they were ready to head back down. Nissa stopped Becca from pushing an elevator button though. “No. We’ll take the stairs. No one will be there.”

“Can we get out again?”

“Of course. You can get out on the ground floor on your own, just not above that. We’ll have to take the elevator back up, but at least we’ll be safe on the way down.”

So it was that they started their trudge down the stairs in relative comfort. They were every bit as naked as they had been, but at least now there was little chance of getting caught or being seen.

Nissa was grateful that neither of her friends had wanted to stay behind. It didn’t help her at all having them with her, but it would be so much worse if she were the only one. She knew she couldn’t have done it. She was the one that lost the key. Becca had thought about suggesting that she could stay up above and open the door to the stairs so that they could come back up but she didn’t think the others would go for it. The same thought occurred to Hildy, but she knew that she would be exposed the whole time up there while the others made their way down and back up slowly. Once was enough for that.

Eventually they got to the lobby level and hesitated. “Should we all go?,” Hildy said. She was really dreading the walk across what might be a crowded lobby.

“Let’s just get it over with,” Becca said. She opened the door and stepped out. Hildy followed her and then Nissa. They looked around and took a hard moment of decision seeing that there were a few people. There could be even more. From the door leading to the stairs, they could see only about half of the lobby.

The three girls looked at each other helplessly. Should they go now, exposed to these strangers? Should they wait? But if they did would there be fewer people or more?

Hildy built up her nerve first and stepped out. Once she was certain that her friends were following, she broke into a trot that may have reduced their public nudity time but also immediately got the attention of everyone around who gawked and commented. “Oh!” “Wow!” “They’re naked!” “Look at that ass!” and so on, the murmurs and the stares continued though the blushing young women didn’t look around at all. It would have been unbearable. They just ran and stared directly at the front desk.

The man behind the desk had a scowl on his face as Hildy stammered, “Uh, hi. We’re locked out of our room. We need another key.”

“Officer,” said the stern voice of Mr. Prishkin at their side, “arrest these girls!”

All three turned and saw, much to their horror, their nudity nemesis, hotel manager Prishkin and standing behind him, two police officers. The officers strode right to the girls as one informed them in all too professional a tone, “You’re under arrest for indecent exposure and creating a public disturbance.”

“How did he know we’d be here?,” Becca asked breathlessly. She looked around and saw the two cell phone boys taking pictures dutifully.

Hildy saw red, “You two little twerps! You told him!”

The boys just smiled broadly as the moved to get a better angle.

“You have the right to remain silent,” the officer said as he pulled Hildy’s arms back and handcuffed her.

“No!,” she demanded. “They’re taking pictures! Don’t do this!”

But it continued. The boys now had an easy time getting full frontal shots of her while she was helpless to cover. Becca was being handcuffed next, her big tits and brown bush were the targets of the camera as the officer continued, “Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law.”

Becca wailed, “Make them stop! Take that phone from them! AAaaAAH!”

Nissa was last, she was handcuffed as well, breasts and pussy exposed for everyone present and especially for the camera kids who kept clicking their pictures. The girls were led outside where more strangers were treated to a great view of their nudity. The cops seemed in no hurry to get them in the car and out of view. All the way there, the two boys were ahead with their camera. Click, click, click!

Once the girls were tucked away safely in back of the cop car and the officers were on their way, the veneer of professionalism dropped. One of the officers got on the radio, “Car 23 returning to station, be advised, we have three, yes three naked girls in handcuffs with us. Let everyone know.”

In back Hildy, Nissa and Becca just worried and groaned, knowing that their ordeal was only beginning.
