Real World Update
by Vanessa Evans

Before you read this part I strongly suggest that you read the earlier parts before reading this. It will give you the background that will make this part a lot more enjoyable.

Willow - Our New Family Member - Part 04

Willow starts at her new school

Monday

Willow decided to wear a summer dress for her first day at her new school; one that she herself had shortened. She looked fantastic as she stood there with her butt cheeks and pussy only just covered. I wondered how many other pupils and teachers would get to see those assets before the day was out.


We arrived at the school at 08:20 and we both went straight to Mr. Devine’s office. We were met by his secretary who pointed to some chairs for us to wait on. After a few minutes Mr. Devine arrived and called us in to his office and sat us in the same chairs; the ones where he could look up our skirts.

After welcoming us he told us that all new pupils had to undergo a medical examination before they could attend classes. He told us that it was nothing to worry about and there was no need for me to go with her. He gave Willow a copy of her class schedule and told me that I could collect her at 16:00. 

That was obviously a shrouded instruction for me to leave so I stood up, pulled my dress down so that my slit was covered, hugged Willow and told her that I’d be in the car park at 16:00.

She looked a bit apprehensive, a bit excited, and a bit nervous. I had the same feelings for her, but I also had some feelings of jealousy. I would so have loved to swap places with her.


Just as I turned to leave Mr. Devine asked me if I’d had any thoughts about joining any of the adult education classes, reminding me that some of them were on an afternoon and that it would be easy for me to come to collect Willow early and attend a class before I collected her.

I’d already discussed the matter with Jon and we’d decided that it might be a good idea for me to attend a physical fitness class of some sort so that I don’t lose my flexibility or start putting on some weight. When I told Mr. Devine that he said,

“We wouldn’t want that would we; it would be a shame to lose that perfect little body.”

I was a little shocked by that statement. Coming from a man who teaches politically correctness it seemed totally the wrong thing for him to say. Then I remember that Jon has said that he was just putting on a front for his job and that he thought that he was basically just a fun loving man who likes naked girls.

I smiled, turned to face him and smoothed my hands down from my little tits, complete with protruding nipples, down to the tops of my bare thighs.

“You’ll have to show me just how flexible you are Vanessa sometime.” He said.

I was about to reply but Willow interjected,

“She can still do the standing splits Mr. Devine. We both did it the other day. Shall I show you?”

“No Willow,” Mr. Devine replied; “that won’t be necessary. But I may see you doing it in your PE lessons. I often come along and observe the lessons.”

“He IS a dirty old man.” I thought as I smiled at him.

“Come along for a taster lesson on Wednesday afternoon Vanessa; my secretary will give you the details.”

I smiled, looked at Willow and winked, then walked out. I got the details from the secretary then left. As I drove home I wondered if Willow had already flashed her pussy to someone.



When I collected Willow she ran to the car when she saw it. 

After a hug I asked,

“So how was it? Was it fun? Have you made any friends yet? Are any of the kids a bit weird?”

“Slow down V.” Willow replied. “I’ll tell you everything.”

“Sorry, I’m so excited for you, and so jealous.”


“Okay, you remember that Mr. Devine said that I had to have a medical before going to any classes, well his secretary gave me some papers, my class schedule and a map of each floor then told me to go to the medical department.

When I got there this young woman, a nurse presumably, met me and asked me loads of questions. Some I couldn’t answer but they included if I’d had sexual intercourse, or masturbated, or if I’d performed fellatio or if anyone had performed cunnilingus on me. I had to ask her what the last 2 were.

When I said that I masturbated she asked how often, when was the last time that I did it and what did I use. I smiled as her eyebrows lifted when I said that I’d made myself cum on the way to school.

I told her that I’d used my fingers on the way to school but my new family had bought me loads of new sex toys.”

“Wow Willow, not holding back then?”

“Nope, why would I?”

Willow didn’t wait for an answer before continuing,

“Then the nurse told me to take my clothes off. I think that she was a little surprised when she discovered that I only had this dress on. Anyway, she grabbed my tits and showed me how to examine them to check that I hadn’t got any lumps. Then she got me to spread my legs and she probed around me while she asked me about my periods. When I told her that they were regular and only lasted about a day and a half she smiled and said that I was lucky. I don’t know if she did it on purpose but she flicked my clit and I moaned and shuddered. She smiled.”

“Wow Willow;” I said, “I never got examined like that at school. It was a quick look at my tits then a hand down my knickers to check that I wasn’t a boy in girl’s clothes; and that was it.”

“You wore knickers to school V?”

“Yes, unfortunately, it was long before I met Jon and I got liberated. My mum thought that nudity was bad and I think that she only had sex when she wanted a baby. My dad was nearly as bad although he did get me to strip naked a couple of times when he was going to spank me for being a bad girl; I was naïve then. Thank goodness that I met Jon.”

“How did you meet Jon V?”

“That’s a bit of a long story Willow; I’ll tell you all about it some other time, but suffice to say that I’d had enough of my old boring life and found the courage to look for a change. What else happened at school?”

“Okay. So, after the nurse had finished with me she told me that I was a normal healthy girl.”

“I thought that we weren’t supposed to talk about the labels ‘girl’ and ‘boy’. I asked.

“You’re right Willow but I can tell that you are a girl through and through.”

“I am.”

“Good; now off you go to your first lesson. Do you know where you are going?”

“I’ve got this map thing. I’m sure that I can find it. Shall I put my dress back on?”

“If you like.”

“I don’t but I promised Vanessa and Jon that I’d wear it so I will.”

“Ah, a budding naturist.”

“If you mean that I like being outside without clothes on, then yes, I guess that I am a naturist.”

“Off you go Willow, and remember, you can come and talk to me anytime that you like, and about anything that you like. I doubt that you’ll say anything that I haven’t heard before.”

“Okay, seeya.”


“My first lesson was English but it had nearly finished by the time that I got there. The teacher was expecting me and told me to sit at a desk at the front. He looked a bit of a perv and I think that he wanted to see if he could see up my skirt; so I kept my knees apart and let him.”

“Good for you girl. Anything else of interest happen?”

“I met this girl, Laura, at lunchtime; she came to sit next to me and introduced herself. She seems quite nice. Then in the afternoon we had Chemistry and we had to wear these white coats and plastic glasses. Most of the other kids didn’t fasten their white coats so I didn’t and when I sat on these big stools that they have in that room my dress rode up and even I could see my tummy. The teacher had a good look when he came round to see how we were getting on. I think that I will be able to show him a lot more if I get the chance to perch on the edge of the stool when he’s explaining things to us.”

“That’s my girl. Anything else?”

“Nothing worth telling you about. We’ve got PE tomorrow. I’ve got some plimsolls but I don’t know what else I should wear. I’m not going to wear those shorts that we had to wear at my last school. Anyway, I can’t, you threw them out; remember.”

“Yes I did. We got you a little light-weight, white tennis skirt didn’t we?”

“Yes, can you help me shorten it please V?

“Okay; and you can wear one of those baggy, white T-shirts that we got you.”

“Can we shorten that as well? Or shall I just wear it as a dress?”


As we were working on shortening the tennis skirt and T-shirt, Willow said,

“I hope that we do gymnastics; then my skirt will end up around my neck at times.”

“I thought that you could choose what sports you wanted to take part in. Think about rugby; all those boys tackling you.”

“And groping me; I hope.”


Just then we heard the front door open and the naked Willow ran to greet Jon, jumping up and wrapping her arms around his neck and her legs around his waist.

I left Willow to finish shortening her new PE kit and got the evening meal started.


As we ate, Jon got Willow to tell him all about her day.

“Maybe you should wear one of your new leotards Willow.” Jon said.

“That could be fun; I’ll take one of the thong ones with me just in case. I’ll decide what to wear when I know what I’m doing.”


Willow went to bed early that night; I guess that her first day at her new school was tiring.



Tuesday

When I woke up the next morning, Willow was in bed beside me and Jon was fucking me. I put my arm onto Willow’s chest and started playing with her nipples.

When she woke up she looked at both of us then said,

“Me next please Jon.”

“No Willow, on 2 counts; firstly you’re awake, and secondly you’re too young.”

“When will I be old enough, tomorrow, next week?”

“No real answer to that Willow, you will be old enough when I believe that you are mature enough.”

“When will that be?”

“When I’ve had more time to assess you. But I’ll tell you now; it probably won’t be long.”

Jon was still inside me in the spoon position, but that didn’t stop Willow climbing on top of us both, hugging us both and telling us that she loved us.



When Willow came down to breakfast she was wearing a micro skirt and a see-through top.

“Going to school like that Willow?” Jon asked.

“Yeah; why?”

“I wish that there were school’s like yours when I was your age.” Jon replied.

“I wish that I could have gone to school dressed like that when I was 13.” I added.

 
I took Willow to school dressed like that and as she got out of the car I couldn’t help noticing her rock hard little nipples. I wondered if they’d be rock hard all day.


When I got home I stripped and did all the household chores that needed doing then went up to the bedroom and switched the new PC on. Fortunately Jon has taught me well and it wasn’t long before I was on that website and deciding if I should go ‘live’.

I looked around the room to confirm that it was tidy then easily slid my Lush into its new home. Then I let the website know that I was active.


It took only a couple of minutes for the counter telling me how many people were watching me to start increasing then another minute for someone to pay for the right to activate my Lush.

I quickly checked the little window showing what my webcam was showing and only just managed to step back to the bed before my insides were hit with a jolt.

I lay back on my elbows and checked to see that my pussy and body was still showing in the little window. It was, and I lay there enjoying the vibrations and the fact that by then, 14 strangers were watching me.

“OMG.” Why didn’t we discover these vibrators sooner?  I thought.

I lay there watching the count of voyeurs go up and feeling the Lush get more active as the amount of money I was accumulating start to rise.

It wasn’t long before my body was trembling and jerking as the Lush started to drive me crazy. 

I must remember to ask Jon if the voyeurs are able to hear me as well as see me because I was certainly getting vocal. 

The first orgasm quickly came and I was soon moving my legs around trying to relieve the intense, weird feelings that were driving me crazy. It was both sexually crazy and mentally crazy. It was like I love the Lush (which I do), and at the same time I hate it because it won’t stop.

To put it bluntly, it’s TORTURE; sexual and mental torture. But I didn’t want it to stop. I guess that is what the voyeurs pay to see.

I had real trouble keeping my hands off my pussy; I just wanted to rub my clit all the time. In the haze I made a mental note to cuff my hands behind my back the next time.


As goodness know which orgasm it was started to subside I decided that I couldn’t take any more and managed to get off the bed and over to the computer to terminate my session.

I lay there for ages with my hand on my pussy, slowly rubbing my clit, both wanting the aftershocks to stop, and not wanting them to stop.


Eventually, I got up, had a shower and continued with the household chores.


When I went to pick up Willow she was late getting to the car park and bubbling like only a teenage girl can. She wanted to tell me all about her day but I stopped her and told her to wait until the evening meal so that Jon could hear it all. She wasn’t too happy about that but she did manage to hold it back; except that she put her feet up on the dash and started rubbing her pussy.


Fortunately, Jon was home early that day and as soon as we sat down to eat Willow started talking. 

“I spent lunchtime with that Laura girl, she’s quite nice. She doesn’t wear underwear as well. Well except for when she has her period, her mum won’t let her use tampons so she wears thongs to keep the pads in place. I could see her nipples poking at her blouse and she must have seen me looking cos she said,

“No, I’m not wearing a bra, nor knickers, just like you Willow.”

“So are there a lot of girls here that don’t wear undies.”

“You’re not supposed to use the word girl Willow.”

“Oh yeah, but are there, I’ve only seen a couple.”

“Wait until PE this afternoon; about half the class get changed out in the open area and everyone can see what underwear everyone else is or isn’t wearing.”

“Cool, will I get to see some cocks?”

“Probably.”

“Do they get hard when they see our tits and pussies?”

“Some of them do, especially in the showers when our hands run all over our bodies; and I mean all over.”

“You make yourself cum in the showers here at school?”

“Yeah; it wouldn’t be Physical Education without us educating each other about our bodies would it. And it’s awesome watching the real boys wank and shoot their loads at us.”

“I guess that it’s a good job that our PE lesson is the last lesson of the day.”

“Hell yes, my mum usually complains that she has to wait ages for me. How do you get to school Willow?”

“The woman that I live with brings and collects me. Well I say woman, but she’s more like my big sister. She’s dead cool and so is her boyfriend.”

“I only get my mum or dad to bring me on PE days, usually my dad on his way to work, the other days I come on the school bus. That’s fun as well, you should try it; you’ll like it. I wish that my mum would let me come to school in see-through clothes.”


“Just then the bell rang and we had to go to our next class but we stopped off to have a pee. It’s a strange feeling coming out of the toilet and seeing boys standing at a urinal having a pee.”

“Maybe you should leave the toilet door open and let them watch you peeing, or you could pee into a urinal.” I interrupted.

“What? How can I do that?”

“Next time that you want a pee Willow, come outside into the field and I’ll show you how to do it.”

“Cool, well it was maths the next lesson and Laura and I managed to get desks next to each other at the front. Laura likes flashing her pussy at teachers as well.

Then it was PE. Not just for our class but the whole year. No wonder they have so many PE teachers. You saw the changing room when we went to look at the school; well it isn’t big enough for all the kids to have a changing cubicle each so quite a few had to get changed in the big open area. 

Laura told me that she always changes there and gets naked before putting her PE kit on. That’s what I intended to do so I did. Then I had to rummage through my bag to find what I wanted to wear. As I did that I looked around and saw four naked boys, 2 with hard-ons, and six or seven naked girls. Lots of the boys were staring at the girls and the girls were showing-off by posing and bending over.

I decided to rub my pussy and moan a bit before I put on the ultra-short tennis skirt and the baggy cut-off T shirt. I bent over a couple of times to make sure that the boys knew that I had nothing on under the skirt.

Laura put on some baggy shorts and a baggy T shirt. After the lesson she said that she was going to get a skirt like mine.

The thing was, the PE teachers kept walking through the changing room and they didn’t bat an eyelid. In fact I noticed one of the male teachers checking out some of the naked girls.

Anyway, we all went into the gym and the teachers called out the sports that they were running. Both Laura and I chose gymnastics. Next week I might chose rugby or wrestling, yes wrestling. Laura told me that the pair up kids only by height and weight. I can’t wait to rub my pussy in the face of one of those nerdy boys.

There was both a man teacher and a woman teacher taking gymnastics; both quite young and fit looking. It wasn’t long before we were going through all the basic stuff, the forward rolls, the handstands, the cartwheels, that sort of stuff.

Everyone could do those and everyone could see the tits of the girls who wore baggy tops, me and Laura included. The best bit was that I was the only girl wearing a skirt and the only girl whose bottoms inverted when they were stood on their hands. I loved the feeling and I heard a couple of gasps when I first did it but no one said anything.

But after that the man teacher seemed to be stood near me each time my legs were higher than my head or when we had to do positions like the bridge.

It was around that time when I saw that Mr. Devine had come into the gym. He stayed for about 15 minutes and he got to see my tits and pussy a few times before he left. I guess that he saw other girl’s tits as well.

Later, we were split into 2 groups, bars and beams, and we spent the rest of the lesson practicing on them. I liked the moves where I got upside down. It was all pretty easy stuff, good fun showing my pussy and tits to the teachers and all the other kids but I think that I’ll try something different next week.”

“I wish that schools had been like that when I was your age.” I added.

“Wow Willow;” Jon said; “it makes me want to be a young man again. And why were you late coming out to the car park Willow?” I asked.

“As I said earlier, Laura said that lots of the kids, boys and girls, use the communal shower and that they play with themselves in there; well she was right. There were four girls and five boys in there when I went in and all the boys were hard as they watched the girls shower. Some of the girls were helping other girls and Laura and I soaped each other and played with each other’s pussies. We made each other cum. It was awesome watching the boys watch me as I orgasmed. One boy shot his spunk towards me but he was too far away for me to catch any of it.”

“So that’s why you were late. Well I guess that I would have done the same.” I said.

“What about your see-through top Willow?” Jon asked.

“Oh that; lots of people looked at me but the only one to say anything was Mr. Devine when he saw me in the corridor. He said that I looked ‘nice’.

“And your nipples Willow?” Jon asked.

“They were rock hard all day and they hurt when I was flashing my pussy to some of the teachers.”

Jon smiled and then said,

“I’m guessing that your pussy was wet all day; am I right?”

“Yes; well apart from lunchtime when it was only Laura and me.”

A worthy addition to the family. Now Vanessa, what have you been doing all day?”

“Before we listen to Vanessa can we talk about me going to school on the school bus some days please?” Willow asked.

“Okay;” Jon said, “I have no objections to that. You’ll have to sort it out for yourself though. I think that you’re old enough to be doing that.”

As Willow got up and went and gave Jon a naked hug, I said that it would give me more time to go onto that website and let the world watch me getting smashed by my Lush.

“Awe, not fair, I wanted to be the first to do that.” Willow said.

“Well you can be the first to let the app play your favourite music and vibrate your pussy along with it. I found that option today but didn’t get the chance to use it.”

“Can I go and use it now please?”

“No young lady, you can’t.” Jon said; “We have to finish eating then you have to help Vanessa clean up. Then you and Vanessa can go outside and she’ll show you how to piss into a urinal. After that you can go and play for an hour. Have you got any homework?”

“No, but they said that we’ll get some tomorrow.”


We did as Jon instructed and when we were outside in the field I showed Willow how I stand with my feet about shoulder width apart, bend my knees, lean back and thrust my pussy forwards. About 5 seconds after I got like that my pee came out of me and shot forwards.

“Wow, just like a boy.” Willow said.

When I ran out of pee I stood up and told Willow to do the same. She did and was amazed how she could swing her hips from side to side and her pee would go the opposite way.

“I’m going to do that at the urinals at school and see what the girls and boys say.” Willow said shortly before we went back inside. 


Then we went up to Willow’s room and setup the computer. Willow picked up how to use everything quicker than I did and it wasn’t long before I was watching her insert her Lush and press all the right keys on the keyboard.

Within a minute she had people watching her and controlling the Lush. Her little body was trembling and jerking about just like I had been. I heard something behind me and turned to see Jon was watching as well.

On and on went her jerking and gasps and oohs and aarghs. I looked at the screen and saw that she had over a hundred voyeurs watching her. Jon turned to me and said,

“Let’s leave her for a while; she’s obviously in a different world at the moment.”

“It’s a nice world to be in, I was there earlier.” I replied.

“Oh yes; come to the kitchen and bend over the table. I’ve got something for you V”


About 30 minutes later Jon went back up to see how Willow was getting on. He later told me that she was still in a world of her own with the voyeurs up to over five hundred. He closed down the website and went and sat on the bed next to Willow. 

By then I was stood at the door watching and listening.

She was staring up at him all starry-eyed with a big grin on her face. He touched her clit and she immediately had another orgasm. After she calmed down she sat up, hugged Jon and said,

“Thank you, thank you, thank you, you’re the best parent a girl could ever have.”

“I’m not actually your father but I’ll take that as a compliment young lady, thank you. Now, this computer….”

Jon went on to tell her that the account that he’d setup for her was under a false name with an age of eighteen, and that she was never to use her real name or age on any porn or social media sites.

“Why not? Vanessa does.”

“That’s different, she’s a lot older than you; you’re still a child. Legally you are too young to have sex and anyone watching you, or having images of you, could get into very series trouble.”

“Okay Jon. Is that the reason why you won’t fuck me?”

“No; I have to be sure that you are ready for full sex, and that you understand that no one, absolutely no one must ever find out about your sexual adventures.”

“I won’t tell anyone, honest, cross my heart and hope to die but what about my flashing at school?”

“That’s okay, just as long as you aren’t having any sort of sexual activity with other people in front of lots of people.”

“Does spanking count, because I’m sure that I’m going to get spanked, naked, in front of the whole school at some point doing this semester.”

Jon laughed then replied,

“Yes; I’m sure that you will; you’ll enjoy that won’t you?”

“Yes. All those people looking at me.”

Willow gave a little shudder then Jon started talking again,

“Right, now some other things that you need to know about internet and social media safety.”

Jon went on to explain all the internet safety rules that he could think of, and why they were rules. Then he went on to explain that he has no problem with her looking at porn sites, or signing up for other live webcam sites where strangers can just watch her in her room.  

He left her to think about what he’d said, but she went straight to the computer and started browsing the internet.


When Jon and I went to bed we talked about her day as he slowly fucked me.



Wednesday

Willow came down to breakfast wearing just a see-through dress; well I say a dress, it is actually a top that is long enough to be worn as a micro dress, and a pair of 3 inch heels. The top is black with a flowery pattern, and it is totally see-through to anyone close to her.

“Are shoes like that allowed in school?” Jon asked, ignoring the fact that he could see every bit of her body through her ‘dress’.

“Yes, don’t you remember Mr. Devine telling us the Dress Code?”

“Oh yes. I wonder how many comments you’ll get today.”

“Lots I hope. Can I wear my Lush to school today please?”

“No.”

“Can I wear my Ben Wa balls to school today?”

“No, but if you can go all day Saturday with them in and they stay in then you can wear them on Monday.”

Willow got up and went and kissed Jon’s cheek then thanked him.


We left for school with Willow still just wearing the see-through ‘dress’ and shoes.


When I went to collect Willow, I went a bit early because there was an adult’s yoga class straight after school finished. There were five other women waiting for the class and just before the bell went for the end of the school day, one of the female PE teachers came out to us as told us that it was silly waiting for the year 10 kids to leave and that there was plenty of room in the changing rooms.

Six adult women walked into the changing room to be confronted by about 2 dozen year 10 kids all in various stages of undress, and about a half a dozen still in the showers.

Well, 3 of the women obviously didn’t realise that it was gender neutral changing room and clearly weren’t impressed; but myself and the 2 other women were expecting it and our eyes scanned the room for naked bodies and cocks.

We weren’t disappointed and one of the cocks was hard and pointing to the ceiling. I stood facing the boy and dropped my dress leaving me naked as well.

The cock twitched.


The yoga class women all put on leotards and left the kids to it. The hard cock seemed to like the fine mesh, see-through leotard that I put on and pulled up so that the material of the crotch disappeared between my lips. It was one of the thong variety of sleeveless leotards that I bought and virtually nothing below my ribs was covered.

Just as we walked into the gym Willow appeared and followed us in to watch.


No sooner than we had got started than Mr. Devine came in and had a good look at us all. When he saw Willow he called her over and, after looking her up and down said,

“You don’t have to stand around and watch Willow, you could do your homework or you could join in.”

“I can’t do that Mr. Devine; I don’t have my PE kit with me.” I over-heard her reply.

“That’s okay; you can just workout in your underwear. I’m sure that these ladies won’t mind.”

“But ….”

“But nothing child, the exercise will do you good. Get that dress off and join the group.”

I looked at Willow as she shuck off her shoes then reached for the hem of the ‘dress’ and peeled it up and off leaving her totally naked.

Willow had a smile on her face, and so did Mr. Devine.

I smiled as I thought,

“There was no way that he hadn’t known that Willow was naked under the ‘dress’. Everyone in the school who had got within 3 metres of her during the day will have known. He just wanted to get her totally naked. Good for you Willow; you’re a good one.”

I also thought that a situation like that could never happen in a state school and was really pleased that Jon had agreed to send her to a private school where they make their own rules.


After letting Mr. Devine absorb the sight for a few seconds, Willow ran over and got into the same position that I was in.

I kept glancing over to Mr. Devine who was slowly walking over to stand next to the PE teacher, right in front of Willow and me. 


Over the next ten minutes or so, until he left, I was happy on 3 counts; firstly, Willow was naked in front of him, I was almost naked (the crotch of the see-through leotard had bunched into a string between my lips), and the PE teacher was getting us into yoga positions that displayed our pussies. I wondered if the female PE teacher was doing that for his benefit.


After he left the class continued with no one saying anything about the naked Willow.

At the end of the class we all went into the changing room and Willow and I went for a shower. For some reason all the other women didn’t have a shower and dressed and left quickly. I guess that they didn’t break sweat.

Just after they had gone, leaving just Willow and I in the room, and in the shower; Mr. Devine walked in.

“Oh there you are Vanessa, I’m glad that I caught you; I hear that you would like Willow to journey to school and back on the school bus on Monday’s and Thursday’s.”

Willow and I just stood there staring at him with water pounding down on us from above. I wasn’t sure about the days and I tried to work it out. 

“Yes, that’s right sis, Tuesday’s and Friday’s I’ve got PE and would probably miss the bus, and Wednesday’s you’ll be here for the naked yoga classes.”

“Yes of course; so we’re both going to do yoga naked next week are we Willow. You’d better not tell all the male teachers or the boys, or the gym will be full with them wanting to see us.

Yes Mr. Devine, Mondays and Thursdays, is that okay?”

“Yes of course, I believe that the bus goes down your road, I’ll find out what time it gets there and let Willow know. I’ll also let Willow know the cost.”


He then rabbited on about how pleased he was to see me taking an adult education course and a couple of other things before he couldn’t think of any more excuses to stare at our naked bodies, then he said goodbye and left.

I turned to Willow and we both giggled. It was then that I saw that Willow was rubbing her pussy.

“Were you doing that when Devine was here?”

“Yeah; he didn’t complain did he?”

“Naughty girl.”


We finished showering the used the towel that I’d brought to get dried. It was then that Willow remember her ‘dress’ and shoes were still in the gym. She ran off to get them while I got dressed and packed my bag.

I was just starting to wonder what was taking Willow so long when she returned, still naked and empty handed.

“I can’t find them.”

“I guess that you’ll have to go home like that then. I bet that Devine has pinched them. I just knew that he was a pervert.”


We had to walk through the school with Willow as naked as the day she was born, and we had to go via her locker to get her school bag on the way. What’s more she was walking the same way as she would if she was fully clothed. I was proud of her.

Unfortunately, all the kids and teachers had already left and the only person that we saw was an elderly cleaner. He just stared for a second then got on with his job.



Over the evening meal both Willow and I told Jon about our days. Willow told us that she’d had more people staring at her but again no one had said anything, except her new friend Laura. She told Willow that she was very brave and that she’d love to dress like her but her mother would never let her go to school dressed like that. Apparently she doesn’t even know that Laura doesn’t wear any knickers to school. She knows that she doesn’t wear a bra but Laura is like Willow in that her tits are so small that they don’t need one.

Willow asked Jon if it was okay for her to lend Laura some of her clothes and Jon said that it was.

When Jon asked Willow if she really liked her new friend she said that she did and that she was dead cool. Jon told her that she could invite Laura to a sleepover if she liked.

“Awesome; I’ll be able to show her my new toys and let her flash her pussy to the whole world. Can she borrow your Lush please V?”

I smiled and Jon said that she could, but reminded Willow about anonymous internet use.



As soon as we’d cleaned the dishes Willow asked if she could go to her room and use the computer. Both Jon and I knew what she would do but Jon told her that she had to do her homework first.


With Willow in her room and Jon getting horny from listening to our day’s events, he was eager to sit down and for me to mount him in the CowSquat position so we could slowly fuck and talk about other things that needed to be discussed.


About an hour later I went upstairs to Willows room and saw that she was busy bouncing on her bed as her Lush was driving her crazy. I could hear her computer ‘dinging’ indicating that people were paying to control her Lush.

I left her to it.

Another hour later I looked in on her again and was pleased to see that her Lush was on her dressing table on its charger. She was trying on different clothes, each time turning to face her computer.

“Hi V; just trying on clothes for a few guys to watch.” She said pointing to her webcam.

“Don’t stay up late.” I replied, and left her room.


As I walked to our bedroom I thought,

“Maybe I should move my webcam downstairs during the day and let the world watch me do the housework naked.”