A Helping Hand
by storyguy

Chapter 5 

Donny's mother was working on Monday afternoon so, as usual, Kay was going to stay with him until his mother got home. She had been given a key so after school she went to his place and let herself in. Dot had gone with her so they were both there when Donny got home. 

He wasn't really surprised to see Dot there. It wasn't the first time she had been there with Kay even though it wasn't a usual thing. After some small talk, Dot asked him if he had talked to Susan at school. He smiled, turned slightly red, and nodded. As Dot and Donny started talking about Susan, Kay went into his room and grabbed a tee and a pair of jeans. 

She carried them out into the living room where Donny and Dot were still talking. "Your mother wanted me to make sure you changed after school," Kay lied. "Here, put these on." Donny took the clothes and headed toward his room. "You don't have to leave. Just put them on here while you're talking," she suggested. 

Donny looked shocked. "It's OK. I've already seen you anyway. Remember Saturday?" Dot said. 

He still hesitated. "Donny, it was Dot who set things up with Susan. You weren't shy then, so you may as well not be shy now. Just change," Kay encouraged. 

Donny lowered his head and his face turned red. He took his shirt off then put the tee on. After looking at Kay and seeing her nod, he undid his pants and reluctantly let them drop. He stood in just his tee and underwear with his hands crossed over his crotch. "No need to be shy, Donny. You have a really nice body. No wonder Susan was attracted to you," Dot complimented making him smile slightly. 

He made a move toward his jeans, but Dot interrupted him. "She said you had a really nice butt. Can I pull down your underwear to see it? I really didn't notice Saturday." Donny froze and didn't answer. Dot slowly reached out to the waistband of his underwear, but he still hadn't moved. His hands were still folded in front of him covering his boyhood. 

She eased his underwear over his hips, to his thighs, then released them letting them drop to his feet. Donny still hadn't moved. "Turn around so I can see your butt," Dot smiled trying to get him to relax. He turned slowly, still hobbled by the underwear at his feet. "Susan was right. You do have a great butt," Dot exclaimed. 

"Thanks," Donny muttered smiling again. 

"Turn back around?" Dot requested and he slowly turned back around. "You know you really do have a great body. It kinda turns me on. Let's take your tee off again and I'll make it worth while. I'll make you feel good," Dot grinned. He didn't protest when she reached for his tee and began lifting it. She got it to his chest, but he hadn't moved. His hands were still in front of his boyhood. 

"Donny, you're going to have to lift up your arms so she can get it off," Kay told him. His face turned slightly red as he slowly raised his arms, revealing his cock and balls. As soon as Dot had his tee off he quickly covered again. "You should be proud of what you have and not cover it. I bet if you move your hands Dot will rub you," Kay grinned. 

He looked up at Dot and she nodded. Slowly one arm went to his side and he paused for a moment before finally dropping the other, exposing himself. Kay had moved from behind him to in front of him next to Dot. His cock was soft and hung loosely. Dot slowly reached out and cupped his balls, gently rubbing them. "Feel good?" she asked and he nodded. 

As embarrassed as he was, his body began to react and his cock started growing. Dot moved her hand from his balls and wrapped it around his cock. Slowly it became stiff and hard. "You know what a blow job is?" Dot asked Donny and he nodded. "Have you ever had one?" Dot continued. 

Donny looked at Kay and she shook her head. "No," he answered. 

"Would you like one?" Dot grinned. He wasn't sure what to say, so said nothing. Dot changed her position so she was sitting on the floor with her legs stretched out in front of her. "Come closer," she told Donny. He moved forward some. "Stand so you're straddling my legs," she ordered and he did. She reached out gently grabbing his cock and balls, pulling him toward her until he was standing just inches from her face. 

Dot's hand went around Donny so her hand was on his ass. With the other hand she took his cock. She looked up at him for a moment, then pulled him toward her opening her mouth and guiding his cock into it. As her mouth closed her hands went to his hips. He was small enough that she had no trouble taking him almost entirely into her mouth. 

Her tongue began rolling around his erect member making him smile. His previous embarrassment seemed to leave him as her head began moving back and forth. Kay knew what Dot had planned, including the blow job, but she didn't expect Dot to be so anxious and seemingly experienced. The affect she was having on Donny was very obvious. 

"I'm gonna squirt!" he gasped. Kay expected Dot to back off, but she didn't. Instead she continued. Donny's face scrunched up and Kay suspected he was climaxing. She looked at Dot and noticed her throat moving as she evidently swallowing his cum. Donny's breathing was deep and rapid. Soon it began to slow. A short while later Dot pulled her head back dropping Donny's now limp cock from her mouth. This time he didn't cover himself. 

"Like it?" Dot asked and Donny smiled and nodded. "I thought you would. How would you like to try something different?" she continued. Donny didn't answer, but his expression showed he was interested. "Susan was talking to one of her friends and she's interested in doing stuff. Would you like to try a different girl? Susan said she didn't mind if you did as long as she could watch. I told her you probably wouldn't mind if she got naked too so she said she would. Sound interesting?" 

"Maybe... Who is the girl?" Donny responded. 

"She doesn't want you to know who she is. She's shy and doesn't want anyone to know she's done anything. Well, except for Susan of course. She'll let you see her, of course, and let you do her and stuff, but doesn't want you to know who she is, so she'll cover her face. Is that OK?" Dot qualified. 

"Yeah, I guess so," he answered. 

"There's another thing... Some girls want to do stuff, but want to stay kinda virgins too, so they let boys do their butts. You know about that?" Dot questioned and Donny nodded even though he wasn't sure what she meant. "I guess boys like it anyway. They get to do a girl and most don't mind at all. It's different for a girl. It can be nice if the boy is careful. I'm going to teach you how to do it." 

Kay whispered something to Dot and after a short conversation Dot continued. "The most important thing is lube," Dot began and reached into her pocketbook, pulled out a tube, and showed Donny. "I'll have some for you. The girl usually gets on her knees with her elbows on the floor so her butt is sticking up. I know you're not a girl, but you do it so I can show you and you know how," Dot instructed. 

Donny looked at Kay and she nodded, so he dropped down on his knees. Before he went further, Dot corrected him. "Turn around so your butt is facing me. The girl will go down like that for you." Donny turned as she asked and put his elbows on the floor. His butt was now raised up and, in that position, his ass cheeks opened exposing his asshole. "Good. Open your legs some. You can tell the girl the same thing. She'll be nervous, so start out by just rubbing her between the legs. Don't push in or rub too hard, just easy. She'll like that. I'm going to rub you too so you can see how good it feels," Dot told Donny. 

His legs parted, exposing his ball sack and still limp dick between his legs. Dot reached down and began rubbing him. His body began to react and she felt him start to harden. "Feel good?" she asked and he nodded. "Give her some time to relax, then put the lube on. I'm going to put some on you so you know how it feels." 

Dot pulled her hand away, opened the tube, she squeezed some of its contents onto her finger. She then brought her finger to his asshole making him jump. "Cold? Sorry. Just try to relax," she told him, but continued to lube his ass up. "Make sure you use plenty. You want to make sure she's really slippery." She felt him relax a bit again. "Feels good, doesn't it. You want to push some of the lube inside her too, like this," she said as she pressed against his rear opening with a glob of lube. 

She repeated the procedure a couple of more times. "Once you have plenty of lube on her, your thing should slide into her easy, but make sure you go slow, like this," she announced as her finger pushed slowly at his asshole and slipped into him. Unlike Kay had done to him, just pushing in a little, Dot buried her whole finger into him. She paused, then pulled it out. "I need to wash my hands," she muttered as she stood and walked into the bathroom. 

As Dot left the room, Donny sat up on his legs. "You OK?" Kay asked and he nodded. "I didn't know she was going to do that. You still wanna go?" 

"Yeah. It's OK. I didn't mind," he told her. 

Dot came back into the room. "I gotta get going. I sit for Susan again on Wednesday. You wanna come over then?" she asked. 

Kay looked over at Donny, who nodded. "Yeah, sure." 

"OK, about 4? I'll have the other girl come over too," Dot said as she walked to the door and left. 

"You better go into the bathroom and clean up. Your mother will be home soon," she told Donny. He stood and walked into the bathroom. He hadn't bothered grabbing his clothes, so Kay gathered them up, put the ones he had worn to school on his bed, then took the others to the bathroom. The door was closed, so she knocked. "OK if I come in?" Donny opened the door for her. 

He was, of course, still naked. She walked in and sat on the edge of the tub. "Do you mind me seeing you naked?" she asked him. He looked at her smiling and shook his head. "Good, because I like seeing you naked," she giggled. 


Chapter 6 

Wednesday arrived and Kay was sitting on the couch when Donny got home from school. "It's Wednesday. You still wanna do it?" Donny nodded. "You probably should jump in the shower. We don't have much time. I'll get some clothes for you to put on and bring them to you," Kay ordered. Donny turned and walked toward the bathroom. 

Kay went into his room and grabbed some clean clothes for him. She tried to pick what he might wear for a tee and jeans, then grabbed some clean underwear for him. Kay knocked on the bathroom door. "OK if I come in?" she asked and he said yes. He was still in the shower. "Hurry, Donny! We gotta leave to meet them," she urged. Donny stepped out of the shower and grabbed a towel. "These OK?" she asked. 

He looked at the clothes she chose. "Yeah, I guess." 

Kay sat down on the toilet seat. "Nervous?" she asked and he shook his head. He seemed to be hesitating, so she repeated, "Hurry up. We gotta leave." He seemed reluctant, but dropped the towel and grabbed his underwear. "Does it bother you having me see you?" she questioned. 

He paused before answering. "I don't know... It's kinda weird. I've seen you too so I guess it's OK. I've known you for a long time too. I don't care if you see me, but it's kinda embarrassing to be seen. Does that make sense?" 

"I think so. If it's embarrassing for you, do you want me to leave?" Kay offered. Again Donny paused, then shook his head. He stepped into his underwear and pulled them up to his thighs. Kay was surprised when he stopped pulling them up, straightened up, still holding his underwear, and just stood facing her for a moment, completely exposed, but smiling. After letting Kay look, he pulled up his underwear then put on the rest of his clothes. They left as soon as he was dressed. 

Donny said very little during the short walk to Susan's indicating to Kay that even though he said he wasn't nervous, he actually was. They knocked on the door and Dot let them in. "Susan, Donny is here," Dot called out as they walked into the living room. Susan walked out of her mother's bedroom wearing a robe. 

Susan smiled at Donny as she walked over to him. "Where's the other girl?" Donny asked. 

"She's still in the bedroom. She'll be out in a minute. You remember she doesn't want you to know who she is, right?" Susan began and Donny nodded, not sure what was going on. "She wants to... um... see you. What we decided was you can take your clothes off, then she'll come out. She will see you then, but you'll be blindfolded so you can't see her. After she sees you, she's going to put a pillowcase over her head so you can't see her face, but she'll be naked. You'll see her, then you can... ah... well... you can do her butt. So you won't be the only one naked, Dot told me I had to be too, so I'm not wearing anything under my robe. When you're ready to get undressed I'm supposed to take my robe off. OK?" Susan explained. 

Donny nodded, but that was all until Kay nudged him. He looked at her and she motioned with her hand. Dot reached out, grasped the tie of Susan's robe, and undid it. Her robe opened a little, just enough so Donny could see she actually was naked under it. That seemed to give him courage and he lifted off his tee and kicked off his shoes. He then undid his belt, but stopped. 

The minor standoff was ended when Dot whispered to Susan. She looked at Donny, then dropped her robe to the floor, standing completely naked in front of him. It was enough to get him to drop his jeans, step out of them, then push his underwear down. Susan smiled at him. "I'm going to blindfold you now," Dot told him. 

Once the blindfold was in place, Susan walked back into the bedroom, still naked. A minute later Susan opened the door. "Um... She wants Kay blindfolded too." Dot looked at Kay, who nodded. She went and got another blindfold and placed it over Kay's eyes as she heard the bedroom door open again. 

For a few minutes there was silence. Both Donny, who was naked, and Kay had no idea what was happening. "Donny, she wants to know if she can touch you," Dot said and Donny nodded. He felt a hand touch his crotch. It gently roved over his balls and now hard cock. A short time later the hand left him. He heard a bit of rustling, then Dot announced, "You can take off your blindfolds now." 

It took a moment for their eyes to adjust to the light again. Standing in front of Donny was a girl, about the same height as Susan, but a bit more mature. Her breasts were still small, but bigger than Susan's and she had noticeable wisps of dark hair between her legs. Aside from a pillowcase over her head, she was completely naked. He couldn't help but smile. 

"You want Donny to do your butt, right?" Dot asked and the girl nodded. "You know what to expect?" she asked and again the girl nodded. Dot held out a tube of lube for Donny, which he took. "Get ready for him then," Dot told the girl. 

Susan helped the girl kneel down. She ended up on her knees and forearms so her ass was raised up. Susan whispered something to the girl and her legs parted slightly, exposing her pussy lips and making Donny's cock twitch. "Remember what we told you. Use lots of lube and don't rush. Go on and do her," Kay whispered to Donny. 

Donny knelt down behind the girl, opened the tube, and squeezed some of the lube onto his finger. He tentatively reached out his finger and touched her asshole. She jumped slightly as he began spreading the lube. "More, and put some inside too," Dot instructed. He squeezed more lube onto his finger and added it to what he had already spread. He was unsure, but pushed his finger into her. She pushed back a bit as he did. 

"Put some on you too," Kay suggested. He did as she asked and his cock and her asshole were now shinny with an abundance of lube. He looked up at Kay and she nodded. Donny laid the tube down which Dot picked up and recapped it. He grabbed his cock and aimed it at the slick asshole in front of him. "Remember, slow," Kay cautioned. 

As instructed Donny leaned forward until his cock contacted the girl's asshole then began pushing in slowly. The head of his cock seemed to push in her flesh, then suddenly pop into her. She jumped slightly, but quickly settled again. Donny kept pushing and his cock disappeared into the girl's ass. 

It was obvious to Kay he was enjoying the sensations. He looked at her and she nodded, but mouthed, "Slow" again. He began moving in and out and the girl showed no signs of discomfort. Being young, inexperienced, and full of hormones, his slow pace didn't last long. The girl's back arched a bit more as Donny plowed his cock into her. 

His breathing had been deep and heavy, but suddenly he sucked in his breath and held it as he pushed into the girl hard. He stayed motionless for a moment, then pumped erratically for a short time before once more pushing into her. He stayed in her as he seemed to recover a bit. 

As his breathing slowed to normal Donny backed away from the girl. His once stiff cock was now hanging limply. Suddenly the girl jumped up, tore the pillowcase off her head, and ran into the bathroom. Donny's jaw dropped as he caught a glimpse of her and recognized her. Susan ran into the bathroom following the girl. 

A few minutes later Susan came out of the bathroom. "She's fine, just kinda had to go to the bathroom fast," she giggled. "She said to tell you thanks, Donny. She had fun." 

"We should get going, Donny. Your mother will be home in an hour and you need to clean up," Kay said. Not much was said as he dressed quickly. Susan stayed naked, almost posing for Donny. 

"See you tomorrow at school?" Susan smiled, still naked, as Donny and Kay were leaving. 

"I recognized that girl," Donny confessed when they reached the street. 

"Is that good or bad?" Kay asked. 

"I don't know... I didn't expect it to be her," he answered, then paused. "I guess good. She's pretty," he finally smiled. 


Chapter 7 

When the two got home, Kay suggested he take another shower. He walked into the bathroom while she checked to make sure all was in its place. Kay then walked to the bathroom and opened the door. Donny's tee and jeans were off and he just looked at her only wearing his underwear. "Mind if I come in? I wanted to talk to you," she stated. He nodded. For a moment he just stood there, not hiding himself, but not getting in the shower either. "Hurry up and clean off before your mom gets home," Kay urged. 

He seemed to think for a moment, then dropped his underwear and turned to the shower. Donny then turned on the shower, adjusted the water, and stepped in. Kay stepped out of the bathroom, grabbed Donny some clean underwear, and walked back into the bathroom. "Make sure you wash off all the lube," she told him. 

A few minutes later the shower turned off and the shower door opened. "Get all the lube washed off?" she asked as her hand went to his cock. She stroked him a few times and he got hard. "Seems to be," Kay grinned, not stopping. The affect she was having on him was obvious. "Want me stop?" 

"No," he answered. His cock was now rock hard. 

"If I keep doing this, you're gonna make a mess," Kay said as she stopped stroking, making him frown. Kay dropped down on her knees. She pulled on his cock bringing him closer, opened her mouth, and guided his cock in. 

She began giving Donny a blow job. It wasn't long before he blurted, "I'm gonna cum!" Naturally Kay knew boys shot cum when they climaxed and she also knew what cum tasted like. She decided to go for it. Her mouth filled with cum and she swallowed, only to have it filled again. 

The flow of cum stopped and Kay felt Donny beginning to soften. She let his cock drop from her mouth and sat back. She looked up at his face and smiled. "You don't mind me seeing you naked, do you?" He smiled back as he shook his head. "You better get dressed," she told him as she stood up and walked out of the bathroom. 

Two days later Kay was at Donny's again. As was her usual, she was there when Donny got home. "So who was the girl? Did she say anything?" Kay asked as soon as he walked in the door. 

"Yesterday she kinda ignored me, but today she talked to me. Her name is Dawn and she's in mine and Susan's class," he answered. 

"What did she say to you?" Kay pressed. 

"She said she liked seeing me. I'm the first boy she ever saw. She wants to see me again. I told her I wanted to see her again and she said I could if I let her see me too. She's done stuff with Susan. I asked her what, but she wouldn't say. All she said was maybe the three of us could do stuff together," he admitted. 

"It wouldn't bother you if she saw you again?" Kay smiled and he shook his head. "What would you do if she undid your jeans, like this?" she asked as she undid his belt, unsnapped his jeans, and lowered his zipper. Kay could see his cock was already stiff even with just a bit of his underwear showing. Danny just shrugged even though he had a big grin on his face. "What if she pushed them down? What would you do then?" Kay asked as she pushed his jeans to his feet. 

"I'd push hers down too," he giggled. 

"Show me," Kay baited. He looked at her a little unsure, then tentatively reached out for the top of her jeans. "Well?" she grinned. It was a little bit of a struggle, but he unbuttoned her jeans and pulled the zipper down, then hesitated as he looked at her again. Kay nodded. He began tugging her jeans down, but wasn't having much luck because they were tight. "Let me help. Mine are tighter than hers will be," Kay offered as she pushed her jeans to the floor. She stepped out of her jeans, then he stepped out of his. 

Kay let him stare at her bikini panties for a moment. It made her feel good to see him so enthralled. "She'll probably take off your tee," Kay said as she lifted his tee over his head leaving him dressed in only his underwear. "What would you do then?" He reached out for the bottom of her tee. Knowing he was too short to pull it over her head, she dropped down on her knees and lifted her arms, allowing him to pull her tee off. 

"Does she wear a bra?" Kay asked and Donny shrugged, not knowing. "Bras can be tricky. If she wants you to see her maybe you could just ask her to take it off nicely. I'll take mine off for you," she offered, then reached behind her, unhooked her bra, and let it slide down her arms. Donny's eyes got wide as he saw Kay now topless. 

Again she let him stare, boosting her ego. Kay noticed his cock twitch exciting her, even though he was young. Kay was still standing on her knees. "She'll be shy maybe, but I bet she'll want to take your underwear off. Will you mind her doing this?" Kay asked as she reached out and lowered his underwear, freeing his hard cock. She guided them down, then off his feet. "If she did that, what would you do?" 

Donny hesitated, not sure if he should, but finally reached out to Kay's hips. She made no movements, so he grasped the waistband of her panties, again pausing. As before she made no movements, so he slowly eased her bikini panties down. Slowly her pussy appeared. He kept pushing until the panties were down to her knees. She was still kneeling, so they couldn't go down further. 

He just looked at her body for a while. She watched his eyes alternate between her breasts and her pussy, making her feel sexy and exciting her even more. Kay looked down at his cock, which was almost quivering and as stiff as she had ever seen it. Unable to resist her urges her hand went to his crotch and she cupped his boyhood. "Mind if I touch you?" she muttered. 

He didn't say anything and she didn't look up to see if he made any expression or movement with his head. Her hand rose up, brushing along his ball sack, until she reached his hot cock. Kay wrapped her hand around it, stiff as a reward for her naked body. 

His breath sucked in as she began stroking him. It wasn't long before he moaned softly and cum shot from his cock. Kay smiled as she continued stroking and his dick shot load after load of cum onto her chest. "Sorry," Donny muttered when he noticed his cum all over her. 

Kay continued to stroke him for a few moments until his flow stopped. She dropped her hand and said, "It's OK. When a girl rubs a boy she knows he's gonna do that." He still had a guilty look on his face. "I like making you squirt. Does it bother you?" she smiled. He finally smiled as he shook his head. 

Donny was still somewhat hard. "Wanna try something different?" Kay asked and, of course, Donny nodded enthusiastically. "Lay down on your back," she told him. He immediately dropped back while still watching her. Kay stood letting her panties fall to her feel. After stepping out of them she walked forward until the was straddling him. Slowly she lowered down to her knees over him. 

Kay watched his face as she reached down and wrapped her hand around his cock. "Ready?" she grinned as she paused. Again, with a big smile, he nodded. Kay aimed his cock at her pussy then lowered her body down and her pussy swallowed his still member. She felt him push up. "Don't move, just stay still," she told him and he stopped moving. 

She was now sitting on him and his cock was inside her. He was small, but she could still feel him. He was also more comfortable inside her than her boyfriend had been and she was in control which made her feel empowered. Kay had been reading online and wanted to try something she had read about. A concentrated look came over her face as she tried squeezing Donny's cock. 

He looked up at her grinning, telling her she was succeeding. After doing it a few more times, she giggled, "Feel good?" His smile grew as he nodded. Her actions were making her even more horny. Kay's body took over and she slowly began moving, going back and forth and sliding his cock in and out of her pussy. It rubbed on her clit as it slid. 

Kay leaned forward, increasing the sensations. Donny was now completely hard again and, even though he was small, seemed to be hitting all the right places. He had also started moving. She tried to keep her pussy pressed against him fearing he would slip out. His hips were going up and down, seemingly milking her orgasm out of her. 

It finally worked and her body erupted. It wasn't the biggest climax she had ever had, but it was what she needed. He seemed to be climaxing as well, which pleased her, but was second to her pleasure. 

As her body began to settle, her movements stopped. He felt good inside her, but she could feel him slipping out of her. All to soon he dropped out of her and she felt his cum start to drool from her pussy. "Wait here and don't move. I'll be right back," she told him as she stood and walked to the bathroom. 

After cleaning herself up she returned to the living room. Donny was on his back still, his now limp cock laying against his leg. She knelt down next to him and couldn't help but reach for his dick and she began playing with it. "Our secret, right?" she told him and he nodded. "I mean it. No one is to know... not Susan, Dawn, your friends, no one!" Kay emphasized. 

"I won't say anything," he assured her. 

"OK," she smiled. "Let's get dressed. ...and maybe I'll take your pants off again sometime," Kay giggled. 


Chapter 8 

It had been almost a week since Donny had done Dawn's butt. Although she hadn't wanted him to know who she was, her slip up had revealed her identity that day. They had been talking since though. She had even hinted about maybe doing more. 

Donny got home and seemed excited. Kay was there as his mother was working. "We gotta half day tomorrow," he said excitedly. 

"I know. Your mother is working again, so I'm stuck with you all afternoon," Kay chuckled teasing him. 

"I was talking to Susan and Dawn today," he began. Kay stopped what she was doing and looked up. "They wanted to know if I could go to Susan's tomorrow. Dot will be watching them. Can we go?" he asked. 

Kay pretended to be thinking about it for a few minutes. "Hmmm... Got an offer from the girls?" she grinned. Donny blushed slightly and didn't answer. "I'll call Dot tonight. If she says it's OK we'll go over." 

Kay called Dot that night and arrangements were made. The next day both Kay and Donny got to his place about the same time. "I talked to Dot last night. We'll eat, clean up, then go over. She said 1:30, so we got an hour," Kay told Donny much to his delight. 

The two ate quickly and Kay told him to take a quick bath. He sort of complained some, so she reminded him they had about 45 minutes to kill anyway and she wanted him clean for the girls, making him blush slightly, so he went into the bathroom. 

Kay grabbed some clean clothes for him then opened the bathroom door and walked in. Donny looked surprised, but quickly recovered. He was getting used to Kay seeing him naked. They chatted a bit as he washed. He seemed to be finished when Kay said, "You'll like part, but all has to be done. Hard part first. Get on your hands and knees." 

"What are you gonna do?" he questioned, but she didn't answer. Kay grabbed the soap with one hand and with the other reached down to his boyhood. Donny relaxed some. 

"Try to relax..." Kay muttered. With her now soaped up hand she began rubbing Donny's ass crack. She continued to rub his cock and balls though making him hard. Slowly she pushed a finger into his ass making him squirm some. "Almost done," Kay assured him as her finger pushed into his ass as far as she could reach. She plunged her finger in and out a few times, then announced, "All done. That wasn't too bad, was it?" 

Donny didn't say anything, but after a while shook his head. "Stand up and turn around," Kay smiled. His stiff cock bounced as he did as she asked. Kay rinsed off her hand then re-soaped it. "Bet you'll like this better," she grinned as her soapy hand went to his balls, making him smile as she washed him. Kay then moved to his cock and she began stroking him. She could tell it was having an affect on him. "Let me know when it's clean," she said softly. 

Donny's body started to rock slightly as Kay slowly pumped his stiff cock. "Getting clean?" she grinned and he nodded. "Clean enough yet?" she asked and he, as expected, shook his head. Kay stroked him a while longer before cum shot from his cock. His nostrils flared as his breathing became deep and quick. After four or five shots of cum splashed into the water he finally stopped and Kay pulled her hand away. "I think it's clean now. You better turn the shower on and rinse off," she told him. 

She closed the shower curtain for him as he adjusted the water, then turned on the shower. He rinsed quickly. Kay had a towel ready for him as he stepped from the shower. She picked up his dirty clothes and, as she walked from the bathroom, told him to dress quickly. 

It had rained and although the rain had ended, the sidewalks were wet and there were puddles. By the time Kay and Donny arrived at Susan's there footwear was wet, so they took off their shoes and socks at the door. There was a screen that sort of separated the alcove that Susan slept in from the rest of the living room which was usually pushed up against the wall, but was now set up. 

After the greetings, Susan invited the Donny and Dawn into "her room", the area behind the screen. Kay and Dot sat down on the couch and turned on the TV. "The girls wanted to be alone with Donny," Dot whispered to Kay. "I think they have some 'fun' planned." 

The two girls sat on Susan's bed and Donny stood facing them. After an awkward silence, Susan had a suggestion. "We don't know how to play poker, so we can't play strip poker, but we can draw cards and the low card has to take off something, if you want." Dawn grinned and nodded, then both looked at Donny. Although strangely nervous, he nodded as well. 

Susan grabbed the deck of cards off the table next to her bed and the two girls sat down on the floor. Donny joined them on the floor not knowing what else to do. Susan spread the cards between the three. "You pick first," she told Donny, who chose a card. The two girls then each chose a card. They turned over the cards they had picked and Donny had the low card. "Take something off, then pick another card," Susan instructed. 

He pulled his tee over his head, then chose another card. The two girls also picked and this time, as they showed their cards, Susan had the low one. Susan giggled as she pulled off the tee she was wearing, revealing a bra under it. "Um... You guys are wearing more than me," Donny protested. 

The two girls whispered between themselves for a bit, then Susan offered, "OK, when you get down to your underwear we'll give you one pass, so if you loose you don't have to take anything off. Fair?" He nodded and the three drew cards again. Susan again had the low card and giggled as she pushed her shorts off, revealing her panties. 

Luck was with Donny as Dawn lost the next two draws. The two girls were now down to bras and panties, but Donny's luck ended and he drew the low card. It was his turn to let the girls see his underwear and, embarrassingly, the erection his underwear really didn't hide. The girls giggled as his jeans came off and the bulge in his underwear became visible. 

All three were both excited and nervous about the next draw. Dawn drew the low card and her bra came off, revealing her budding breasts. With the next draw Susan's bra came off. The girls were excited when Donny drew the low card next, but he reminded them they had said he could have a pass. 

The next draw meant one of the three would end up naked. They each drew their card, then looked at the others. Donny looked at his card, a five, and sighed. Susan was grinning as she placed a 10 in front of her. Dawn had a horrified look on her face. Donny, suspecting his 5 would be low, flipped it over and waited for the inevitable. "Oh well," Dawn giggled as she showed a 3. 

A few wisps of dark hair came into view as Dawn stood up and dropped her panties, twirled while giggling, then sat back down completely naked. "Dawn looses. Instead of drawing again, if you take yours off I'll take mine off," Susan offered to Donny. Wanting to see her naked again, he nodded. Susan stood up and Donny followed. "On 3, OK? 1... 2... 3," she counted, dropping her panties on 3. Donny's underwear dropped as well, finally letting the girls see what they had been waiting for, his stiff cock. 

For a while the girls just stared at Donny's stiff cock. Dawn finally spoke. "Girls aren't supposed to be naked so we kinda wear something," she began as she reached to the table again. "We wear straws, sorta like a bikini. We'll show you, if you wear one too." Donny wasn't sure what they were talking about, but was curious, so he nodded. "OK. I lost, so I'll go first, then you go, then Susan. Susan will do me to show you, then you'll do Susan," Dawn instructed. 

Dawn turned her back on the two others, then got on her hands and knees with her legs parted. Donny's cock twitched with the exposed girl in front of him. Susan reached up and took a bendable plastic straw off the table and bent it forming a "U" shape. She pointed one end at Dawn's asshole. "It's easy. You just bend the straw like this and start with her butt. Push it in easy, like this," Susan said as she began pushing the straw into Dawn's ass. 

Dawn had been watching Donny and saw his jaw drop when the tip of the straw went into her ass. "Don't worry. It doesn't hurt or anything," she stated. Donny seemed to relax some with what she said. 

"The other end goes in the front," Susan said as she lined up the straw and pushed the end into Dawn's pussy. Donny watched as the straw snugged up against Dawn's body. "We kinda gotta tape it so it doesn't slip out," Susan giggled as she grabbed a roll of tape, tore off a piece, and placed it on the part of the straw between Dawn's ass and pussy. 

Dawn stood up almost proud. "See?" she said as she twirled around. "I'm not naked," she giggled as her legs bowed out and she pointed to the bit of the straw still visible between her legs. "Now you," she smiled at Donny. 

Donny really didn't want a straw put into his ass, but rationalized it was a small price to pay to keep two naked girls happy, so he turned around and got on his hands and knees. The girls giggled as Dawn grabbed a straw off the table. They whispered to each other for a moment, then Susan pulled a pair of scissors out of a drawer and snipped some off one end of the straw. 

He jumped a little when the tip of the straw pushed at his rear opening, but Donny was surprised when it seemed to easily slip into him. He could definitely feel the straw, but, as Dawn had said, it didn't hurt. Although he couldn't see, he felt the end of the straw being pressed below his ball sack and it was taped there, holding the straw in place. "All done," Dawn announced. “Like it?” 

Donny didn't answer, but turned around and stood on his knees. It felt strange. Susan then got on her hands and knees and Dawn handed Donny a straw. He nervously took the straw and bent it. Before he could insert it, Dawn took it from him, changed its shape from the "V" Donny had made into more of a "U" shape, then handed it back to him. It embarrassed him a little, but he was thankful for the help. 

He lined up the straw again and with a slight pressure, started it into Susan's ass. He the lined up the other end and pushed. The straw slid into her body making her smile at him. "Make sure you tape it so it doesn't fall out," Susan reminded him. 
