Red Flag at the Swimming Pool
by Isabella

Friday lunchtime I had choir practice, as usual, Elle had gone to lunch at her usual time and she had saved me a seat at her side on the big table. I was late to the table, Elle had finished her lunch and was about to eat her chocolate bar. Being late to lunch wasn't a problem for me; I was well used to rushing my meals because of my hectic social life. I could swallow almost anything without the need to chew it. By the time Elle was finishing her chocolate bar, I'd caught her up. The topic of conversation at the table was as usual, boys. When we were twelve, Friday lunch chat was all about gymkhana, music club, dance class or shopping but since we all turned thirteen boys were definitely the general topic. I didn't join in with that chat though, if I mentioned the boys that were interested in me, the other girls would have called me sick because the boys were all cousins. The boys that fancied me at school were all too shy to approach a girl at school.
We took our plates away and walked out of the dining room. Elle looked over at me and smiled, "Have you ever let a boy kiss you?"
"Loads!"
"Not counting relatives?"
"Oh, in that case...none."
"I let a boy, who isn't a relative, kiss me."
I grabbed her arm, stopping her walking and turning her to face me, "Come on, spill! Who was he? When? Where? Come on girl, spill the beans."
"Welllll, his name is Paul and I've seen him a few times on Saturday mornings at the swimming pool."
"What does your mother say?"
"I don't let her see me when I'm kissing Paul"
"So how come you've never mentioned Paul to me before?"
"Well, I've been trying to keep it a secret but I just had to tell someone and you're the only person in the world that I dare tell."
"So, do I know this Paul, does he come to this school?"
"No, he's not at school any more."
"God Elle, you're only thirteen and your boyfriend's already at work...I'm not sure if you're a lucky bitch or a tramp!"
Elle giggled, "Tramp...definitely going for tramp!"
"What do you mean 'Going for tramp!' all you've done is kiss right?"
"So far...but you can have a lot more fun kissing than you realise, especially if you can get into one of the family changing cubicles and can get to kiss each other all over. Next time we can get alone Paul wants to have sex with me but he's worried that he might hurt me because he's so big...so big that I get jaw ache when I try to make him happy with my mouth."
I was just about to quiz her more when the bell sounded, calling us to class.
First lesson after lunch was PE so we headed for the changing room. I was next to Elle in the changing room when she undressed, she was wearing scarlet bikini brief panties, way, way beyond what our schools uniform dress code allowed. I was so shocked at the knickers she was wearing that I knocked my bag onto the floor. It was a good thing that the changing rooms were single sex because the first thing to hit the floor was my panty liner and it skidded in its plastic wrapper across the floor, if a boy had seen that he would have really taken the piss out of me.

Elle helped me pick up my stuff, she picked up my panty liner and waved it in front of me, "Are you 'ON'?"
"I'm due to come 'ON' on Sunday or Monday but I had cramps this morning so I put a few liners in my bag, just in case."
We started to put our school sports kit on, all girls had to wear the same white polo shirt with school emblem emblazoned on our left breast but we could chose from three navy shorts, I chose to wear football type shorts with the longer leg, Elle had both her running shorts and gym knickers in her bag, she picked her running short, their legs were shorter than my shorts and the side seams weren't sewn together, they just overlapped at the waistband. As Elle pulled her shorts up she said, "So, you're safe to have sex for the next few days then!"
"Elle, I haven't even kissed a boy yet...you have to take these things one step at a time!"
Elle just grinned at me and our PE teacher shouted at us for taking too long getting changed. As we jogged out onto the sports field Elle said, "I know all about the 'One step at a time' rule so I'm going to try and have sex with a boy closer to my own age before Saturday...or more than one boy if I can manage it."
PE was exhausting, we usually had separate PE lessons from the boys but because we had a teacher off sick, we were all lumped together and had to spend the whole lesson running around the outside of the school fence. There was no way that one teacher could keep her eye on sixty kids running laps around the school so as soon as we were out of sight of the teacher, Elle and I ducked out of sight and we weren't the first to do it, two boys had beaten us to our chosen hiding place.
I was all for turning around and either finding another hiding place or...as a last resort...actually running around the outer fence of the school for the full eighty minutes. Elle stopped me leaving the 'Den' in the spiny, she put her lips against my ear, "Don't look a gift horse in the mouth...Johnny Pole has always fancied you but is too shy to do anything about it...you could take that first step you mentioned after lunch and have a quick snog with him while I keep Mark Swinton occupied."
I looked at Mark and Johnny and then placed my lips against Elle's ear, "But you hate Mark...why would you be nice to him?"
Another swap in mouth position, "I don't like Mark very much but I'm in my safe period like you and the way I look at it...any boy will do to help get me ready for Paul."
I was pulled into the middle of the hollowed out bush and Elle started talking to the boys. I thought that the conversation was more than a little stunted but all the while Elle was moving me closer to Johnny Pole, he was sitting on a fallen tree trunk and Mark was sitting on a wooden box. Elle manoeuvred me so that my knee was actually touching Johnny's thigh before she left me and moved over to Mark, "Any chance of my sharing your seat with you Mark?"
I saw a smile spread over Mark's mouth, "It's only wide enough for one...sorry."
"Perhaps I could sit on your lap!"
Mark's smile widened into a grin, "Sure...feel free...just so long as I can feel free as well!"
Elle giggled as she turned and backed onto Mark's lap, she was sitting across his lap facing me and Johnny. Mark draped his left arm over Elle's shoulder and pulled her upper body closer to his chest. I was still standing up at Johnny's side, I had no idea what I was supposed to do...Elle wasn't so uncertain...she knew what she wanted out of Mark Swinton.

Mark went to kiss Elle's cheek but she turned her head to face him at the last moment and they went into a long, drawn out kiss. I saw a little movement, Mark's right hand slipped up onto Elle's thigh but there was another little movement a little closer to home, a bulge formed in Johnny Pole's lap, lifting the thin nylon of his football shorts.
I was just standing there staring down at Johnny's lap when I heard the sound of a vacuum breaking, the sound of a kiss breaking two feet away but I didn't look up.
I heard Mark whisper, "Gary Porter recons that you were wearing black knickers in class last Friday...he pretended to drop his pen on the floor and looked under your desk to see under your skirt...he said he saw black lace knickers but none of us believed him."
"I was wearing black lace knickers last Friday, I knew what Gary was doing so I gave him a little flash or he'd have totally wasted his time arsing about in class if I hadn't."
"So can I see your knickers today...see what colour you have on today?"
"No..."
Well, that shocked me, I thought that Elle was trying to make Mark happy today and get his help on the pathway to letting her new boyfriend fuck her. I got another shock, Johnny had just brushed his hand up the back of my leg, the bulge in his shorts had stopped growing, he had a pole inside his shorts now.
"...I'm not going all the way back to the changing room to fetch my knickers just so you can look at them."
"WHAT! Are you trying to tell me that you aren't wearing any knickers under your shorts?"
I caught the movement of Elle's head in my peripheral vision as she nodded a 'Yes' to Mark's question.
"You liar."
I stopped looking down at Johnny's lap and looked over at Elle, she was looking at me as she lifted the flap of nylon that formed the right leg hole of her shorts up, exposing bare flesh right up to her hip at her side. Elle fixed her eyes on mine and then she gestured towards Johnny as she held the side of her running shorts open for Mark's inspection.
Johnny's hand pressed against the back of my leg again, I allowed him to move me gently, he guided me past his knees and I sat on his lap, the pole in his shorts pressing against my bare thigh. Johnny kissed my cheek as I watched Mark's hand slide up Elle's thigh, his hand slipped under the leg of her shorts and Elle lowered the leg-flap back down on top of Mark's hand.
Elle leaned her body away from Mark's chest, she smiled at me and Johnny, his hand was on my knee now and he was kissing around my cheek towards my mouth. Elle lifted Mark's T-shirt and she nodded her head at me for me to copy her as her right hand disappeared down inside Mark's shorts before she went back to kissing him.
As Elle started rubbing her hand up and down inside Mark's shorts she opened her legs so Mark could reach her honey-pot. I could see Mark's hand moving around under Elle's shorts, I knew exactly where he was touching and heard Elle gasp in pleasure as Mark hit gold.

I forced myself to stop looking at Elle and Mark and what they were doing to each other but the only way I could look to stop seeing Elle was to look at Johnny's face. His lips brushed over mine, so gently that it could have been a butterfly's wing brushing my mouth. I closed my eyes and leaned forward slightly so that the kiss had more substance. I'd kissed a large number of cousins in my life...cousins, uncles and grandfathers but none had ever caused 'That' tingle in my stomach the way that kissing Johnny was giving me.
Johnny's hand moved to the leg of my shorts, he pulled his lips away from mine, "Pity you aren't wearing running shorts like Elle!"
I heard another gasp of pleasure from Elle and couldn't stop myself looking over at her and Mark. Elle had changed position; she wasn't sitting across his lap now, she was straddling his lap, her arms around his neck, kissing him passionately...I almost missed the fact that Mark's shorts and underpants were around his ankles and the crotch of Elle's shorts were pulled over to one side.
Elle started to 'Trot', moving her body up and down as if she were riding her pony and encouraging him to trot. I suddenly realised that Elle was being deflowered as I watched her.
Johnny tapped me on my shoulder, I looked at him again, he'd tapped my shoulder with his left hand, his right hand was at the waistband of his shorts, pulling them away from his body, he nodded his head down at the gap, I saw his cock in the gap, he was five inches long and there was no foreskin, just a mushroom of red and angry looking skin.
Elle's gasps of pleasure were coming rhythmically now; I knew that she was having an orgasm as she rode on Mark's cock.
In my head I shrugged my shoulders and said to myself, "What the hell!"
I pushed my hand down the front of Johnny's shorts and took a hold of his cock. I knew the basic concept of what a boy wanted a girl to do to him but this was my first time holding a boy's cock in my hand. I'd seen earlier from the movements of Elle's arm that I had to rub his cock and as I started rubbing, Johnny's hand started to creep up the inside of my shorts leg hole. When his fingertips reached my knickers...unlike Elle, I'd kept my white knickers on under my running shorts..but then, I wasn't looking to lose my virginity like Elle was...I clamped my left hand down on top of his hand to stop him pulling my knickers to the side.
Elle was making quite a bit of noise now, gasping and giggling and encouraging Mark to go harder, last longer and then Mark swore and his breathing made it sound like he'd run a long distance. Johnny brought me back to concentrate on him, "Why can't I...look what Elle and Mark are doing and they don't even..."
Johnny stopped himself saying, 'Don't even like each other!'
He was actually right, they were fucking and didn't even like each other and I was stopping Johnny from touching between my legs. I felt my left hand relax slightly, Johnny's lips curled into a smile as he lifted his hand off of my thigh, shaking my hand off of his and then he pressed on to the gusset of my knickers, pulling them to one side to get unencumbered access to my pussy hole.
"You can touch but we can't go all the way!"
I was just starting down the path to pleasure on Johnny's fingers when Elle loomed above my shoulder, she put her hand on my shoulder, "Are you planning on letting Johnny fuck you Dawn?"

I shook my head.
"Would you rather play with Dawn or fuck me Johnny?"
He pulled his mouth off of mine, he looked troubled and then he looked apologetically at me, "You understand don't you...you don't want me to go all the way with you and I really want to go all the way with somebody if I can!"
I dragged myself off of Johnny's knee and Elle took my place...well, not exactly my place, she straddled Johnny's lap and I was surprised to see that she was now naked from the waist down. They kissed as Mark pulled me down onto his lap, his shorts were still around his ankles and his cock was sleeping in a puddle of semen and Elle's lubricating fluid.
Elle stood up and let Johnny push his shorts and underpants down and then she guided his cock into her cunt as she sat down again. Mark was pulling at the waistband of my shorts...I stopped him, I wouldn't let Johnny screw me and I at least liked him a little.
"Well, if I can't pull your shorts down, can I at least see your tits?"
I shrugged my shoulders...letting a boy see my chest wasn't as bad as letting him see my pussy in my mind so I lifted the front of my polo shirt to show Mark my bra.
Elle was again riding the crest of an orgasmic rollercoaster ride as Mark pulled the front of my bra up. My bra was a little on the small side for me following a growth spurt so with Mark pulling the front of my bra away from my body to get it up above my tits causing the clasp to give way. Mark shrugged his shoulders and then reached behind me; he grabbed the back of my polo shirt and pulled it up and over my head.
I was now totally topless and Elle was bottomless. Johnny saw my tits on display and he did the same to Elle, so now she was totally naked as she bounced up and down on his cock. Mark's cock woke up as he sucked my nipples, bit them and tweaked them, rolling each one in turn between his thumb and index finger. I felt the hot sticky head of his cock pressing against my naked thigh as it grew.
I thought that kissing Johnny had caused a deep tingly pleasure in the pit of my stomach but as Mark started to explore between my legs I discovered what being turned on really meant. I suddenly jumped; Mark's fingers had caught my pleasure button and a fireworks display went off inside my head.
Mark pulled his mouth off of my nipple, pulled his face away from me and gave me a curious look as he fished around inside my shorts again and gave me another million volt shock between my thighs, he suddenly grinned, "Damned...I've never felt anything like it, your button feels more like a little cock!"
I heard Johnny go through his climax and Elle gasped in disappointment because Johnny fired off his load before she was ready for him to.
Elle came back over to my side again, she reached over my hip and rubbed Mark's cock again and she smiled because he was good and ready to fuck again.
"Swap places again Dawn."

"No, I'm not fucking you again until I've seen what Dawn has in her shorts...I'm not sure if she's really a girl and not just a boy with tits!"
Elle pulled me off of Mark's lap, pulled me a few feet away from the boys and we got into a mini argument, Elle wanted me to just pull my shorts down and show Mark my pussy...Elle didn't know what Mark was talking about, she'd seen me totally naked so many times and she hadn't seen any difference between my pussy and her own before.
I put up a fight but in the end, Elle had my shorts and knickers down around my ankles, she even pulled my left leg out of my shorts so that she could open my legs and show Mark my pussy.
"There, nothing different...see."
I leaned forward and saw just what I'd seen all of my life, just very full and puffy labia either side of my cunt hole and the tiny pleasure button, just a flap of tight skin covering my clitoris. While I was looking down, Mark stood up without my spotting him and suddenly, as I was inspecting my inner folds Mark's cock came into sight.
Mark pushed me upright again and kissed me, as he did his cock was pressing into my belly and the fingers of his right hand started exploring between my legs again, again Mark jumped back and squatted down in front of me, "Hey Johnny, look at this, when you rub her clitty it grows like a little cock!"
Mark stood up again and he bent his knees, aiming his cock between my legs. I shook him off and moved away from him.
"Elle's the one that's desperate to have sex, screw her."
I bumped into Johnny's legs again and he pulled me onto his lap, he whispered in my ear, "I wish it had been you that let me fuck her and not Elle!"
I'd been pulled down with my back to Johnny's chest so, even though his shorts were still around his ankles, I thought that I was safe. Sitting facing the way I was meant that I was looking at Elle and Mark as he pulled her down onto the muddy ground of the hollowed out bush. Elle on her back and Mark on top of her fucking her in the conventional missionary position. Johnny reached around my waist and he started massaging my clit, it sprang to attention faster and more dramatically than it had as Mark fondled between my legs.
Johnny pulled me back against his hips, his cock was already back to full attention and he was rubbing it against my lower back. Elle was kicking her legs like a frog swimming at the pleasure that Mark was delivering to her.
Johnny was still rubbing my clit and driving me to a full blown orgasm and he suddenly pulled me hard against his body, he lifted me slightly as he rolled his hips forward a little and I suddenly found myself above his cock and gasping through an orgasm as Johnny pulled me down onto his cock.
Unlike Elle, I didn't ride horses and my hymen hadn't been broken at a gymkhana, I screamed out in pain as I was dragged down on his cock as he thrust up into me. I lost all interest in Mark and Elle and was now looking down between my own legs as Johnny pulled his cock out of my cunt an inch and I saw the collar of blood around his cock. The feeling of stabbing pain fell away and was replaced by a feeling of massive pleasure. As Johnny pushed his cock up into my cunt the underside of his cock rubbed against my little protrusion and as he pulled out again my clitoris was away from his cock but I saw it bounce and jump, just like a little cock might do.

Johnny didn't seem to be in as much hurry to cum in me as he was with Elle, he drove me through a dozen orgasms and where Elle was begging him not to finish himself off too quickly I was begging him to stop...not from the pain of being fucked...it was from the overload of pleasure. I just couldn't stand it any more.
Elle and Mark had finished again, because Mark had taken her on the muddy ground, the backs of her legs were very muddy as was the whole of her back...including the back of her head. The sound of a whistle blowing in the distance marked the teacher calling us all in, telling us that we only had five minutes to run back to one of the gates into the school grounds. Elle looked at her pristine white polo shirt and clean running shorts, "Miss Frumpy Knickers is never going to believe that my legs and head got this dirty and my gym kit stayed totally clean will she?"
Johnny was still fucking me as Elle rubbed the back of her PE kit in the mud. Johnny growled in my ear and then bit the back of my neck as he spurted up into my pussy. I was still looking at his cock sliding into my cunt; the ring of red blood suddenly started dripping, Johnny's thick spunk was washing my blood off of his cock and dripping it onto his underpants between his legs.
I jumped up off of his cock and just stood looking at Johnny's rapidly deflating cock, semen dribbling out of his cock's eye and down over his balls. Johnny took his shorts and underpants off, he used his already bloody underpants to wipe me clean between my legs before wiping his own cock and balls clean. He threw his pants into a corner of the clearing before pulling his shorts back on.
The four of us ran back to school together, we got a very suspicious look from the teacher as we ran past her, all together and all late back to school after our 'Run'.
"You'll have to go straight to your next class without a shower because you're all so late, where have you been?"
Elle fronted up to the teacher, "Sorry Miss Frampton...I fell down a drainage ditch on my way back to school, Mark and Johnny had to help me get out and Dawn was running with me so we all ended up being late."
Because we were late into class the maths teacher had condensed the class down so that everyone was as close to his desk as they could be, when we four walked into the room we had to sit at the back of the class. Johnny sat next to me, forcing Elle to sit next to Mark, even though she would rather have sat next to me. Fortunately the maths class was only forty minutes long and then we were all on the bus heading home.
I was fortunate that Mark and Johnny didn't live close to me and Elle so we were on different busses home or I'm sure that Elle would have wanted another crack at either Mark or Johnny on the way home. And to be perfectly honest, I'm not sure that I would have been able to turn down the offer of another shag, even though the first shag of my life so close to my period had actually started my flow with a vengeance, not the usual first day drips, I was in full flood.
On Saturday morning Elle phoned me up, "Can you come swimming with me?"
"No, I'm on my period; I can't go swimming until about Wednesday or Thursday."
"I can give you one of my tampons...no one will know that you're on your period...tampons work great in the swimming pool."
"I can't use a tampon!"
"You couldn't use one before because you were worried about a tampon breaking your hymen but that ship sailed yesterday afternoon so there's nothing to stop you now is there?"

She was right, my mother had been the one who put me off using tampons...her fears about a tampon breaking my precious flower and I'd just taken her neuroses as my own.
"How come you're suddenly keen for me to come swimming with you?...won't I get in the way of you and your new boyfriend?"
"My mother can't wait with me while I swim, she's got a job to do and she won't let me go swimming on my own but she will let me go if you go with me."
"You know that I don't like swimming...can't you ask Greta Maas? She loves swimming...she's probably already planning on going to the pool today."
"I can't go with anyone else...you're the only one I've told about Paul...you have to come with me...today was supposed to be my big day, If I don't get to go swimming today then all that trouble I went through yesterday with Mark Swinton will be wasted...I may as well have waited until next week and have sex with a boy I actually liked."
I shouted out to my mother, "Mum, Elle's on the phone...can I go swimming with her please?"
"You can but I don't have time to take you there today, you'll have to get there on the bus."
"That's okay, Elle's mum is going to take us into town but she just can't hang around to watch Elle swim."
"No problem then, I'll find you a towel, you find whatever swimming costume you want to wear."
"Hi Elle, I can come with you...I can't believe my mother, yours won't let you go in the pool on your own, my mother is willing for me to catch the bus all the way into town and the last bus from the village has already gone, I would have had to walk all the way out to the by-pass to catch the city bus."
There was another thought in my head, my mother had told me to pick out which of my swimming costumes I wanted to wear, I only had one actual swimming costume, I had a bikini as well, that could count as a swimming costume but my mother had already told me a month earlier that my bikini was far too small for me and I would need a bigger size before our next holiday but she was still hinting that I could wear it to the public swimming pool.
I found my costume, it had been a few months since I'd worn it and I usually put it on under my clothes if I was going to the pool, it saved time but meant that I had to remember to pack a bra and pair of knickers in my towel before I left the house. As I stepped into my swimming costume and pulled it up over my body I was reminded of my growth spurt in the last few months. As I hooked the straps over my shoulders, it felt like the crotch of my costume was trying to cut me in two and the top of my costume failed to fully cover my newly grown breasts. I looked at my image in the mirror, I could see the sides of both breasts showing out of the armholes and spotted a red oval, Mark must have given my breasts a 'Suck-bite' or hickey on the side of my breast while he was playing with them.
I could hear my mother talking on the phone and she was getting closer. I quickly pulled my swimming costume off and my dress back on over my head with no bra on under it. I managed to get my knickers on and swap the panty liner over from my swimming costume to the gusset of my knickers before my mother arrived.
"...no, Dawn's going swimming in a minute so she won't be a problem, just wait in the pub car park and come down after you see her go..."

The door opened and my mother walked into the utility room and jumped when she saw me in there. She closed her phone call down as soon as she realised that I was closer than she thought I was, "I thought that you were up in your bedroom."
"I was but I couldn't find my costume and then I remembered that after my last swim I put it out to be washed and never took it back to my bedroom, it was in the airing cupboard still."
Mum found me a nice big towel and wrapped my costume in it before giving it to me along with a ten pound note, "I'm going to be a little busy this morning so get yourself some lunch while you're out...okay!"
I didn't get the chance to say yes or no, I found myself out on the back door step. I thought, 'Well, I may as well walk up and meet Elle and her mum on their way to my house.
I walked up to the pub and looked in the car park; there was just one car in the pub car park, a Land Rover with the registration number, 'C14RKE' parked with its engine running and music blasting out. I walked over to the driver's door, "Morning Uncle Paul, you hitting the sauce early today or waiting for the husband of one of your girlfriends to leave the house?"
Paul blushed a little but blushed even more when I said, "My mum's all on her own...perhaps you could go down to our house and wait for your latest girl's husband to leave with my mum."
I was chuckling all the way to Elle's house. I knew that my Uncle Paul was a 'Junk yard dog', he sniffed around anyone in a skirt, he even hit on me at one family party when he was drunk, I had to remind him that he was my uncle when he asked me if I wanted a guided tour of his camper van out in the car park but he still grabbed me and stole a passionate kiss before saying, "If I wasn't your uncle would you have come with me?"
I'd answered, "Sure darling uncle...if you weren't my uncle and you weren't...like...three times older than me...I'd definitely go to the car park with you and make out in the back of your passion wagon."
Elle's mum drove past my house on her way to town, Paul's Land Rover was parked on our drive, Elle whispered, "Is that your hunky uncle's car on your drive?"
I nodded my head.
Elle giggled and moved her mouth closer to my ear to whisper even more quietly, "I think he's had sex with every woman in the village...even my mother. Last year they were scouting out which field would be best to hold the village fêete in and my mother got home late, she had grass stains on the back of her dress and 'Sticky buds' in her hair...mind you, he must be good...she was in a great mood for a whole month after!"
I winced a little, I had no doubt that it was Paul that my mother was making an appointment with for after I was out of the house and Paul was probably at that very moment screwing my mother behind my father's back.
We were dropped off at the swimming pool's car park and Elle's mum sat and waited until we'd both paid and gone through the turnstiles before she drove off.
The changing room at the pool was unisex, there were forty small cubicles with locking doors for one person to get changed in and there were six large cubicles for a family to all get changed together. Elle dragged me over to a family cubicle, "Elle, I'm sure we could both share one of the smaller cubicles."
"No, we have to use one of the bigger ones."

Inside the cubicle there were two wooden benches along two of the walls, they were both six feet long and eighteen inches wide. Elle dragged one bench to the side by the door and stood on it. She took her bright red towel out of her bag and looped it over the top of the cubicle's wall so that two feet of the towel was hanging down on the outside of the cubicle.
I unrolled my towel, my mother had rushed me out so quickly that I'd not managed to collect my bra so I'd be going home the way I'd arrived, wearing only a dress and knickers and nothing else at all under it.
"Did you bring me a tampon?"
"I did but don't put it in yet, we're not ready to go into the pool just yet."
There was a knock on the door, "Elle...is that you?"
Elle unlocked the door and opened it. I was shocked when a man even older than my Uncle Paul stepped into the cubicle, he nodded at me and said, "Hi..." he might have said more but Elle was multi-tasking, she was sucking Paul's face as she closed the door behind him and locked it again.
It was a fifty Mississippi kiss and when their lips parted Elle looked at me and grinned, Gary, this is Dawn...Dawn, this is one of Paul's friends...Gary."
Now I was shocked but doubly so when Elle said to Gary, "Dawn's on her period...will that be a problem for you?"
Gary shook his head, "There's showers out there so the messier the better!"
I was 'Gold-fishing', you know, my mouth was opening and closing the way a gold fish does as it swims around in its bowl but nothing was coming out as Gary unbuttoned his shirt and took it off. He pulled me to him and kissed me as the door knocked again and Elle opened it as Gary pulled his trousers and underpants down and stepped out of them.
We were joined by a second man, if anything, he looked even older than Gary and once again Elle pulled her towel down off the cubicle's wall before throwing her arms around his neck and kissed him. Elle was unbuttoning his shirt as he offered me his hand, "Hi, I'm Paul...I'm glad Elle talked you into coming with her today...you can't believe how difficult it was to arrange a job for your mother to do to keep her out of here today so we could have an hour to play."
Paul was actually Elle's mother's boss and as she pulled his shirt off I realised that he had a very buff body for a man of his age...no wonder Elle was attracted to him in his swimming trunks.
Gary pulled my hand down to his cock, he was totally naked now...well, just wearing his socks. His cock actually felt smaller than Johnny's and Mark's cocks in my hand, shorter but a lot fatter and under Gary's encouragement I brought his cock to life, it grew bigger than my hand, I looked down to see what his cock actually looked like in the flesh, it was at least seven inches long and almost as fat as my wrist. As I was looking down at Gary's cock he put his hand on the back of my head and pressed down gently, "Have you ever sucked a cock as big as this before?"
I shook my head, "Never sucked one at all before!"
"Elle loves to suck cocks but she has trouble getting Paul's monster cock in her mouth...that's why I come with Paul so she can have fun sucking my cock while Paul has fun playing with her body."

Gary applied a little more pressure on the back of my head but because of his comment about Paul's cock being a monster I wanted to look at it, see for myself and Elle was already pushing his trousers and underpants down past his knees. Paul was already erect and his cock looked like it was twice as fat as Gary's cock and at least two inches longer.
Gary pushed the back of my head again and again I resisted him, "Don't you want to suck my cock for me?"
I shrugged my shoulders, "I've never thought about doing anything like that before!"
.Gary looked nervously at Elle and he frowned at her. Paul was sitting on the bench and he turned Elle so that her back was towards him and Elle just bowed at the waist, keeping her legs straight and with her feet about a foot apart. She reached out for Gary's cock and pulled it to her mouth; she got about half of his cock in her mouth before she gagged.
Paul was leaning forward now, he was either kissing her cunt or licking her out, Gary pushed the back of my head again, this time I didn't resist, his cock was after all sheathed in Elle's mouth. Elle wrapped her arm over my neck and pulled my mouth closer to Gary's cock. She twisted her head to one side exposing about three inches of Gary's cock and she pulled my face into the gap between Gary's hip and her own face.
Elle and I were now cheek to cheek; I was kissing and licking the base of Gary's cock and was surprised that it didn't taste the slightest bit disgusting. Elle was moving her head in and out to give Gary pleasure, her cheek kept hitting mine as I licked closer to his balls. Elle's mouth suddenly left the end of Gary's cock, "Just take his head in your mouth...you'll be okay, I think you'll love it."
Elle pulled my head along Gary's cockhead and she pushed his cock more in my direction. I opened my mouth and let Elle push Gary's cock into my mouth. I just sucked the mushroom head for a moment and Elle whispered, "Take him in a little deeper, you're okay until you feel like coughing, then you just back out a little and put your hand on his cock where your lips are and then you can go as fast as you like without hurting yourself."
I let Elle push my head further down Gary's cock. Elle started to climax from what Paul was doing to her and she lost control a little. She pushed my head harder into Gary's body, my nose hit Gary's pubic hair but I still hadn't gagged.
Gary gasped, "Oh my God...just look at her, she's taken the whole length in her mouth."
Gary took my head in both of his hands and he started to fuck my mouth. I hadn't realised that his cock had passed my epiglottis and was actually embedded in my throat. I zoned out a little, I couldn't understand why I could get more of Gary's cock in my mouth than Elle could get and I didn't quite understand what Gary was doing as he fucked my mouth. I just stood there bent over at the waist.
I felt strong hands on my ankles; Paul had moved in behind me and was pulling my legs apart.
Elly blurted out, "She's on her period...you might not want to do that!"
"I'll be careful!"
I felt the back of my dress being flicked up over my back, my knickers were pulled down and Paul started licking my magic button, being careful to avoide the messier parts of my cunt and he was telling Gary how my clit was jumping and growing in his mouth as he gave me pleasure.

Gary's knees bent and he stood up on the tips of his toes, he grunted and suddenly I felt warmth in the back of my throat. Gary was shooting off and it was all going directly down into my stomach. My head was pulled in even tighter against Gary's belly and I felt his cock jerk three more times and the warm feeling slithering down into my stomach. After the third jerk his cock started to shrink down, I felt my uvula being twanged as the underside of his mushroom cockhead left my throat, it was that point that I realised that Gary had actually fucked my throat and that all the time his cockhead hadn't re-entered my mouth and the second thing that I realised was that I was glad that his semen had all gone down my mouth and not been fired off in my mouth because semen tastes disgusting.
There was a short discussion between Elle, Gary and Paul while I searched my bag for the bottle of water I had put in it to wash my mouth out.
"I think she'll be able to take you Paul, she didn't even gag once when I passed her oesophagus...it'll take me a while to get hard enough to fuck her so she may as well try to suck you off while I recover.
Elle was suddenly desperate, "Erm...I've had sex with two boys since the last time, I was hoping that you could try to fuck me today Paul!"
"I won't cum in your friend's mouth, I just want her to try sucking me, you know how difficult it is to get my cock in your mouth...I'm so big that I never get a decent blow-job...Dawn might be my best chance but I'll keep my erection to try out on your beautiful pussy!"
I was pulled around so that I was facing Paul; he pulled me down onto my knees in front of him and pulled my head down onto his cock.
I didn't resist...quite the opposite in fact, as Paul pulled my face down to his lap, I opened my mouth as wide as I could manage. Paul's cockhead crashed into my nose because it jumped with excitement at my approach. I grabbed for it and guided it into my mouth. I was just getting used to the girth of Paul's cockhead in my mouth when he put pressure on the back of my head again, pulling my mouth deeper down his cock. I was half way down his length when I gagged and he stopped pulling my head down.
"You only coughed a little; do you think you could get me in further if you relaxed a little more?"
I shrugged my shoulders; I had no idea if I'd be able to get over the step as it were.
"Would you be willing to try?"
I thought for a moment, Elle's face was right next to mine, she whispered, "Come on Dawn, you've already got more of Paul's cock in your mouth than I've ever managed, it's only a slight discomfort but once you've done it you'll be able to suck anything off, even a stallion!"
When Dawn mentioned sucking a stallion off it made Paul's cock jump in my mouth and caused me to gag again. I nodded my head and Paul pushed my head down with all of his might, Gary even joined in, helping Paul force his mushroom past my uvula...past my oesophagus and deep into my throat. I gagged, I coughed and I struggled to get away but in the end I managed to accommodate Paul's full length in my mouth and down my throat. He didn't fuck my mouth the way that Gary had done, he just sat with his cock in my mouth and he eased in an out by half an inch at a time.
"Dawn, I have to tell you that you're the best cock sucker I've ever known and it's taking all of my self control not to blow my load into your throat at the moment."

I was pulled off of Paul's erection, I thought that Gary's softening cock had caused an audible twing as his mushroom passed my uvula but Paul's massive cock blew my mind as it caused a concerto of sound as it disengaged from my throat.
I was pulled onto my back on one of the wooden benches and Gary heaved his body on top of mine. He was in me like a rat up a drain pipe and as he fucked me hard and fast I looked over at Elle and Paul, they were in the same position as me and Gary on the other bench, Paul was trying hard to get his cock into Dawn's pussy but he couldn't manage, even though Elle was begging him not to stop he didn't want to hurt her too much.
"Gary...don't cum yet mate, swap places with me, you fuck Elle and shoot in her and I'll ride in on your lubrication."
Paul and Gary swapped places, Paul rubbed his cockhead against my cunt but he held himself back, holding his upper body off of mine. Elle started gasping as Gary entered her cunt and began fucking her, she was gasping with every thrust, not gasping in pain but gasping with pleasure.
Paul attracted my attention back from Elle and Gary, "Dawn...are you the kind of girl that would rather just pull a plaster off in one go or ease it off gently to try and stop the pain?"
"I guess I'd prefer to just yank it...Fucking hell Paul!"
Paul had just dropped all of his weight down on top of me and he was buried in my cunt up to his balls in one thrust.
Because Elle's cunt was so small and Gary was already well on his way to his second orgasm in me it only took him a few seconds to blow his load in Elle's cunt. Paul had only given me about eight thrusts but he'd already got me used to his size and given me a powerful, mind-blowing orgasm by the time Gary climaxed in Elle, he apologised for cutting and running but he didn't need to, I understood...he was Elle's special friend and he had been waiting to fuck her for weeks.
I sat on Gary's knee and we both watched as Paul forced his cock into Elle, it looked like his cock was almost turning her inside out every time he pulled his cock out an inch or two but Elle was walking on cloud nine as she took everything that Paul had to give her.
As we watched Paul grunt through to his orgasm, Gary whispered in my ear, "If you want another man to fuck you...as soon as me and Paul leave, just pop Elle's red towel over the top of the wall again and if anyone else is around they'll knock on the door."
Paul and Gary wrapped their towels around their waists and walked out of the cubicle with all of their stuff, leaving Elle lying on her back totally spent. The men were going to have a shower together because I'd left both of them bloody around their cock areas.
I just sat there looking at Elle feeling a little cheated, I'd had sex with two men but neither of them had left anything in my cunt, Elle had two loads of spunk in her belly and a stupid satisfied look on her face. I stepped up on the bench and slipped Elle's bright red towel over the top of the cubicle wall.
I stepped down off the bench and as my foot touched the floor there was a knock on the door.
Because I was naked I opened the door carefully and there was yet another older man standing there, "I'm sorry...I've got the wrong..."

I opened the door a little wider, the man looked down at Elle on her bench, she was still out of it through sexual exertion.
"...oh, Elle...looks like I've got the right cubicle after all, just a new girl!"
I stepped back and let the man join me and Elle in our cubicle. I was totally naked, he was dressed, we kissed for a few minutes and he explored my body with his hands, as his hand strayed towards my cunt I stopped him, "I'm on my period at the moment...I'm not bothered by it but it could get messy!"
He grinned at me and stepped away, he opened his kit bag with his towel and other swimming stuff in it, he fished out a bath sponge and tore a corner off of it.
"Here, push this deep inside your pussy, it'll give us about an hour before the blood gets through it!"
I did as he suggested while he undressed, his cock wasn't as big as Gary's but it was bigger than Johnny Pole and Mark Swinton's cocks.
I didn't even ask the man his name, I just lay there kissing him while he fucked me. I had ten orgasms in the time it took him to cum and loved it.
He was just getting dressed when I heard Elle's mum calling her name out in the main changing room.
Elle had recovered and jumped into life at hearing her mother's voice. We dressed and pretended that we'd been for our swim and were just getting changes when we met Elle's mum in the doorway.
On our way home I checked my mobile phone, I'd run out of power but fortunately Elle's mum's car had phone chargers built in and Elle found the right power lead for my phone. We'd reached my house before I had enough power in my battery for my phone to come to life. 'C14RKE' was still parked on our drive. I walked down to the back door as my phone booted up, I was in the kitchen before I got a text message from my mother, 'I'm going out for a while, you'll need to ring me up before you leave Kettering so I can get home to unlock the house for you!'
I walked up to my parent's bedroom and opened the door to find my mum and my Uncle Paul sleeping in the bed she shared with my father usually.
I left their door open and went to my own bedroom. I must have disturbed Paul as I opened the door; I was just sitting on my bed as Uncle Paul walked past my bedroom door totally naked on his way to the toilet. He stopped dead in his tracks when he saw me.
"Vicky...Vick, we have a problem!"
My mother ran out of her bedroom, she was totally naked, she wrapped her arms around my father's brother, "what's the problem darling, you need another fuc...ing hell, "Dawn...you were supposed to ring to tell me when you were leaving Kettering!"
"My phone died, I didn't get it charged up until I got home and that's when I saw your message but I'd already seen you guys in bed by then!"
Mum turned tail and ran for her bedroom to get dressed, I was looking at Paul's cock, no wonder he was popular in the village, he had a bigger cock than Gary but smaller than Elle's friend Paul. Uncle Paul was looking at me, still standing there totally nude and his cock grew to attention as he grinned at me.

"I'm on my period at the moment darling uncle but I'll be clean by Thursday and safe for five days after that...why don't you call me next weekend!"
"After last time I didn't think you were interested!"
"I've grown up a lot since then!"
My mother returned buttoning her blouse back up, Uncle Paul looked at her, "How would you feel about a threesome with your mother and me?"
The look on my mother's face was priceless; she was doing the 'Gold-fish' now.
"Well, I'm too messy to have sex with you at the moment but I could give you a blow-job if you like!"
Paul dragged me off to my mother's bed and he stripped us both and my mother watched as I gave a master class in 'Deep-throating' a man's cock while he licked my mother's cunt out.
I took Paul's cock deep into my throat and he was very slow to climax, he'd been fucking my mother for more than two hours and he'd wasted most of his vitality on her, he was just having fun fucking my mouth without seeing the need to shoot off.
The house phone rang and my mother wriggled out of the tangle of arms and legs on her bed, she picked up the handset and said, "Hello, oh-one-double nine-three...oh hi darling, you finished already?"
Once Paul realised that my mother was talking to my father on the phone he went a little crazy fucking my mouth and throat.
"The noise...that's Dawn's music!"
Mum left the bedroom and called out "Dawn, turn that damned noise down!"
Whenever my dad left his office for the walk to his car he called mum to let her know that he was on his way home which was very useful if my mother was doing something that she shouldn't be doing...like screwing her brother-in-law. This was the first time that I'd actually caught her doing anything wrong though.
Paul shot off in my mouth while my mother was still talking to my father in the passageway outside the bedroom door.

