Home Schooling

Chapter One

When you were seven, eight and nine years old, you were soaking up everything you could learn. Those tasked with the burden are your parents and your teachers. You interact with a whole lot more kids than is probably in your neighborhood, as well as a few more adults. 

We started out in a very quiet home. We always kept to ourselves, and without a doubt, we did not tell anyone what goes on in our private lives. I'm not saying that we had anything to hide. We just never discussed our business with anyone else. That's all. 

Wait. There is one thing.

When Kaila and I were born, Mom fed us, clothed us, cuddled us, and even bathed us together. To this day, all but the bathing has stopped, and we're on our own. Actually, Mom doesn't bathe us. We take bathes and showers together. Mom never told us not to.

When we were growing up, taking a bath together was no big deal. We learned early that there was a difference between girls and boys by what was, or wasn't, between our legs. About the end of nine and beginning of ten, we started learning other things. Granted, most of it was in our second classroom...the playground.

Now, things were coming together. We started washing each other then. I found that my dick would harden whenever Kaila touched it, and she would gasp a little when I touched certain parts of her butt, or her pussy. We were getting sexually excited and didn't know it.

There was a period of time in our tenth year where we each had other things to do. We were either spending the night at a friend's house, or doing our homework, or just not home for some reason. It was a few months before we turned eleven when Kaila came into my room.

"I need you to wash my hair, Ken. Come on. You can read that book later." She left. 

I marked my page, put the book on my nightstand, grabbed my sleep shorts, then headed for the bathroom. Kaila was naked when I got there, bent over and testing the water. She stood up and looked at me.

"Unless you want to get those clothes wet, you'd better take them off."

"Your nipples are swollen. Are they ok?" I asked.

"I'm starting to grow titties. They should get as big as Mom's some day."

"Oh."

She was under the shower before I got undressed. I stepped in behind her, then reached for the shampoo. I'd done this a thousand times, so I knew just how much to use. She got her hair wet, and I started washing it. As is usual too, I started down her body with the soap as soon as I had her hair done. When I slid my hands around to touch those swollen nipples, she pushed herself back into me and sighed.

"They're a little sensitive, but it's ok because you have soap on your hands," she said. "Actually, that feels good. It feels real good."

Needless to say, when she pushed back, my dick rode right up the crack of her ass. She started moving around a little, and it was starting to feel better than when she washed it.

"My dick is getting real hard with you moving like that, sis."

"Really? Is that good?"

"It feels like..."

Just then I could feel what was happening. It happened so fast that I couldn't say anything. I just let it fly all over her ass and her back. 

"Holy shit. What just happened to me?" I was feeling weak then. My knees were about to buckle.

"I think that's called a climax? That's what I heard the older girls call it. Girls can have them too."

"I thought I was going to pee all over you."

"You did make a mess. Now you need to clean it up."

I was feeling better by then, so I got some soap on my hands and started washing her. I went from about half way down her back to between her legs. That's when she closed her legs on my hand.

"That feels real good. Slide your hand back and forth in there." 

She opened her legs again, so I did what she asked. I really didn't know what I was doing, but it got her to start moving around like she did before. She started to squat, and opened her legs as far as the wall and shower door would let her. Her hands were against the wall under the shower head, and she reached down and shut the water off.

"I hope...this is...one..."

I noticed that my finger slipped between the lips on her pussy, as I was moving my hand forward. That's when she almost dropped to the floor and bit down on the wash cloth she had in her hands. She let out a loud groan then too.

"Was that one for you?" I asked her after she settled down a little.

"I hope it was. That was sooooo..."

"Did it feel like you had to pee big time?" She just shook her head yes. "I guess we've discovered something then." She finally stood up, then turned in my arms.

"It was when your finger hit that little...nub, I guess you call it."

Over the next few nights, we experimented a little. Actually, we experimented a lot. We never said anything to Mom either. 

Kaila was facing me. We had already washed each other, and gotten each other off once. She grabbed my dick, then looked at me.

"I wonder what it would feel like If we rub it with this."

She stepped in, then opened her legs far enough that she could get the head of my dick to touch her "nub". She started moving it up and down, and we both gasped.

"I think we found something new to do," she said.

I stood there, enjoying what she was doing. My hands were on her hips, and she was just swabbing away. She did stop once, closing her eyes and opening her mouth, but she started again. It was about five minutes later that we both went off again. I had to reach around and grab her ass to keep her from falling. I held her there for a while. When I did, my dick went into the gap between her legs. She closed her legs on it.

"I know we'll be doing that a lot," she said.

"I have a million ideas," I told her.

"Well I have a million and one."

"We can try them all, right?"

"You can count on that."

That's when we started doing something different every night. We still did some of the old things, but we tried something new every night. 

"I can't think of anything new," Kaila said. "I think we've done it all."

"There is one that I thought of after we went to bed last night," I told her.

"Ok. What do we do?"

"You have to turn around." She did. I got my dick into the gap between her legs, then pushed all the way.

"It's not long enough to hit my nub," she said. 

"Bend forward a little." She bent forward and turned the water off. She went down some more.

"Yeah. That's got it." She closed her legs and I went even farther in. "Yeah. You're going to have to do something though. I can't. I have to hold myself up."

I slid back a little and couldn't believe how good that felt. I slid back in, then pressed in as far as I could. I slid out again, then back in.

"That's hitting it, and sliding on the rest. I think this is the best yet."

I kept up what I was doing. After a while, she started pushing back at me. That made it even better. My hands were on her back, but I moved them down to her ass cheeks. I then moved them up to the sides of her waist, and started pulling her back. 

"What...ever...you...do...do...not...stop," she said. She seemed to get wilder then.

I could feel her legs tighten, then relax a little. She went back and forth like that for a while. It was just before we both went off that she really tightened her legs. I was on the out stroke when she did. It was on the in stroke that my dick slid into her. We were both so far gone that we didn't stop...until I finally pressed into her and let go. She fell forward and bumped her head on the wall.

"I...heard the girls...talk about this," she said.

"Do they call it...fucking too?"

"Sometimes. Other times...they call it...having sex."

"Isn't that when girls have babies?"

"That's only after they've had their first period." That was Mom's voice. It startled me so much that my dick went soft and came out of my sister. She almost fell when she stood up. "When you get out of there, come downstairs." She left.

Kaila started crying, so I wrapped my arms around her.

"She's going to yell at us, Ken."

"Maybe not. She doesn't yell at us much. Let's go see what she has to say."















Chapter Two

We got washed up, got our pajamas on, then went downstairs. Mom was in the kitchen with a cup of coffee. We took our regular seats at the table.

"I know I should have said something some time ago. Have you two been taking a bath together for long?"

"We never stopped," I said.

"Never stopped?"

"You never told us not to, so we went on bathing or showering together."

"Ok. My fault. How long have you been having sex?"

"We've been playing around for about six months," Kaila said. "Today was the first time he went in me."

"Ok. You two are almost eleven years old. Pretty soon, young lady, you will start having your periods. When you do, you can also get pregnant from doing what you did tonight."

"Don't they have pills for that?" I asked her.

"Your sister isn't old enough for them, so you'll have to be careful from now on. We can probably get her on them when she turns thirteen, but I'll have to check."

"Does that mean that we can still do things?" Kaila asked.

"There are a lot of other ways you can get each other off, you know."

"We've done about a half a million," I said.

"Ok. We have the time. Tell me what you've done so far."

"Really?"

"Really."

Over the next hour, we told her everything we could think of. I couldn't think of them all.

"And everything has been done in the shower, right?" We nodded. "What about anything oral?"

"Oral?" We asked.

"Oral. That's when he licks your pussy, and she sucks on your dick."

"Are you kidding me?" Kaila said. 

"No. I'll tell you what. Let's go up to your room and I'll show you how it's done."

"Why my room?" Kaila asked.

"Because sex is supposed to be done in a bedroom. Let's go."

We looked at each other as we got up from our seats, then shrugged our shoulders. We followed Mom up to Kaila's room, then she sat in the chair my sister has at her desk.

"Kaila, do you have your panties on?" she nodded. "Take them off. In fact, both of you strip right here." We did. "Kaila, get up onto the bed, in the middle. Kenny, get up there at her feet." 

We did as she told us to do. She told my sister to open her legs and pull them back into her chest. She told me to get between her legs with my face in her pussy. She got out of the chair, then came over to the bed. She pointed to Kaila's pussy.

"That little swollen part there is what you want to lick. That is her clitoris, or clit for short. That's what you've been playing with for six months. Now you're going to lick it."

I knew my sister was clean down there, but it was still something I thought of as strange. I knew what my fingers and dick did when rubbed against it. Now I was going to lick it. I stuck out my tongue and moved forward. The second it hit, she jerked.

"Keep going," Mom said. "She'll get used to it."

I touched her clit with my tongue again. This time she gasped, then lightly groaned. I started flicking it, and pretty soon she was moving like she did in the shower. That's when I knew I was doing it right.

"When you get used to doing it, you'll move your tongue all over the place down there," Mom told me.

I think I was doing that then. It was like she was moving her hips to find my tongue. I don't know how long it was, but she finally went off. When she did, she screamed as she closed her legs around my head. It wasn't much, but I had just a little bit of breathing room. She finally settled down.

"Ok. That was interesting," Mom said. "Kaila, put your legs over his shoulders. Kenny, start kissing, or nibbling, or something, up her body. Keep her legs on your shoulders. Don't forget to lick her nipples on your way up."

I had no idea what she was saying, so I kissed different spots as I worked my way up her body. I didn't just lick her nipples. I sucked one into my mouth.

"YEEEESSS!"

I figured that that was something I did right, so I did the same with the other one. By the time I got face to face with her, she had my dick in her hands.

"You know where to put that," Mom said.

Kaila swabbed my dick in her wet pussy, then got it right at her hole. The head was in before she let go, so I slid all the way in. We both gasped. I should say that we all did.

"Now, just work in and out of her," Mom said. "Of course, the nice thing for you two to do right now  would be to kiss."

All the things we'd been doing together, that was something we hadn't done. As I worked my dick in and out of her, I leaned down and kissed my sister. Even though we were doing what we were doing, I thought it would be gross to kiss her. It wasn't. In fact, it was kind of nice, so we continued. That is, we continued until we just couldn't anymore. I filled her again a few seconds after she went off. I thought we were going to fall off the bed when we did.

"I didn't get to suck your dick," Kaila said. "Maybe tomorrow night in the shower."

"You could do it right now," Mom said.

"His stuff is all over it, though."

"Yeah, it is. That will give you a taste of why you suck his dick. The whole idea is for him to fill your mouth with his "stuff". Taste it now. If you don't like it, you don't have to do it. If you do, this will give you the opportunity to learn how to do it right."

"How do I do it?"

"Kenny. Pull out of your sister and roll over on your back. Kaila. Get down like he was on you. Lick it a few times. If you don't like it, don't do anymore."

I lay on my back and my sister got into place. She wrapped her hand around my dick, then licked a little bit of the head. She went back, got her lips around the head, then sucked it clean. She then let go of it just as she opened her mouth, got as much in her mouth as she could, closed her mouth, then sucked as she pulled off. 

She then started licking everything she'd missed before. She went back to sucking on me until I finally filled her mouth. She finally pulled off of me, then looked at me and smiled. I could see her swallow.

"Ok," Mom said. "I think that's enough for one night's lessons. I have a few more things for you for tomorrow. Let me know when you'll be taking your shower tomorrow night. In the mean time, you two just slide under those covers and go to sleep."

"You want me to sleep in here?" I asked her.

"Don't you want to?"

"Well...yes."

"Goodnight." She shut off the light and shut the door.

"She wants us to sleep together?"

"I don't have a problem with it, do you?" Kaila asked.

"No." I slid in next to her and pulled the cover over us. "This is going to be strange," I said. "Not only are we sleeping together, but we're also naked."

"I wonder if she'll let us go downstairs naked too."

"That would be different too. You know what? I hope she does."

"This is what I call home schooling at its finest."

--------------------

Kaila started her periods about six months later. We had stopped having intercourse because Mom knew it wouldn't be long. About half way through our thirteenth year, Mom got her on the pills. We went wild then. 

Mom was always there as the instructor, and never a participant. I never saw her playing with herself, or getting excited either. She just sat there and watched...and instructed.

Kaila and I never talked about babies, or even love. I guess the love part came and was just part of our lives. The baby part came the day after we graduated high school. I'd been wondering why she never talked about college. I found out then. She had been off the pills for two months and didn't tell me.

"I look at it this way," she said. "That will give us a chance to pass on what we learned."

"You know that twins run heavily in our family, right?"

"That's what I'm hoping for."

"Are we going to just instruct?"

"You know it's against the law for teachers to get involved with their students."

"Just checking."