I had just popped over to my favourite cidery to exchange my empty stop-top bottles of whiskey cider for new ones. While I was there, I planned to pick up a bottle of their Riesling-Gewürztraminer (because I think this blend is brilliant) and a bottle of their Syrah to try because I like a red that bites back.
I wandered over to some of the displays while they were fetching the cider from the back and this radiant beauty caught my eye. She had thick lustrous hair and a pretty mouth, and she was wearing a short, form fitting summer dress. The dress hugged her tightly and hid nothing of the beautiful curves of her breasts and hips and while trying not to be too obvious, I couldn't detect a panty line.
As she browsed the displays, I moved in tandem to keep her in my sight and admire her form and as she turned and I gazed upon her firm thighs, I suddenly became aware that I had been busted. Clearly not shy, she simply smiled at me and carried on while I stood there like a dummy and had to remind myself to breathe.
They were ready for me at the counter, so I went up and paid for my purchases and carried them out to the car. I took my time, but not too much time, in the hope that I would see the wine store girl in the sunlight. As I stood there with the car door open and my sunglasses on (trying to be covert) pretending to focus on something on my phone, she walked out and STRAIGHT TOWARD ME! As luck would have it her car was right beside mine and I watched her walk over and put her stuff in the back seat.
Then, to my surprise, she asked me, "Excuse me, do I know you?"
"No, I don't think so," I replied.
"Oh, I thought I detected a look of recognition in the store a few minutes ago."
"Hmm, I'm not sure why that would be but whatever you saw was not a look of recognition."
"Oh. So, something else then?" she said with a grin.
Emboldened, I replied, "Yes, admiration I think."
"Well, thank you, I guess. Do you shop here often?" she asked.
"Not very often but occasionally I need to get my whisky cider fix. I tend to bounce around to different wineries, depending on my desires at the time."
"I see, and what do you desire today?" she asked with a smile.
"Today I am in the mood for something bold and spicy. Sometimes I like my senses to be fully stimulated and I'm hoping this Syrah will help satisfy me," I replied, returning her smile.
"Hmm, you sound like you know a thing or two about wine," she said, as she closed her door and leaned on the side of my car.
Now, I don't know if I my skin was flushing (God, I hope not) but I was getting warm. Trying to be nonchalant, I said, "Well, I don't know about that, but I do know what I like."
"I'm Lana, by the way," she announced.
"Tom," I replied.
"Nice to meet you Tom," she said with a smile. "Would you like some education? We could go for a walk in the vineyard and I can teach you. I know the owners and they won't mind."
She could have suggested anything at this point, and I would have said yes. Trying to keep my voice even, I replied, "It would be my pleasure, please lead the way."
She smiled as she walked past the car toward the gazebo and vineyards beyond and said, "Well then, you're in for a treat. Follow me."
Any force of will that I might have had left had vanished and I followed her as if in a daze, under her spell. I thought I caught the scent of her hair in the gentle breeze and I closed my eyes for a moment, intoxicated by her smell. When I opened my eyes, she was looking over her shoulder with a curious smile and asked, "Are you ok?"
Smiling broadly, I replied, "Just perfect."
As we entered the narrow rows between vines, I took the opportunity to admire her bum as it wiggled to and fro while she walked. There was definitely no panty line but perhaps she was wearing a thong or "no-show" underwear. I was in a trance now blatantly staring at her ass when she stopped and turned to me with a quizzical look. She had been talking and I was oblivious and hadn't heard a word.
"Sorry, I was distracted by the sights and smells out here."
With a knowing look, she said, "Come on silly, the next vines after the road are my favourite."
We continued to the end of the row, her talking, me staring and not hearing her words. Crossing the path to enter the next vineyard, we stepped around a flatbed car that had been left parked and I noticed that they had tilled the soil between the rows of vines. I had my hiking shoes on, but Lana's flip- flops were going to make it tricky for her.
We hadn't gone more than a few steps in between the rows when Lana rolled her ankle and went down to one knee. Concerned, I stepped forward quickly to help and could not resist a glance as the crouching position she was in had caused her dress to ride up. My suspicions were confirmed: no panties in sight. This caused a problem as I came down to her side when I went from semi-hard to rock-hard in a single heartbeat.
I took Lana's hand and helped her to stand while she smoothed her dress with her other hand and we hobbled back to the flatbed car, where I unceremoniously gripped her hips and quickly lifted and deposited her on the side of flatbed.
"How badly does it hurt?" I asked.
"It's still throbbing but it's slowing down," she replied.
Kneeling beside the car, I gently lifted her right foot and removed her flip- flop. This caused another situation down below as her perfectly manicured toes cause my erection to reach a new record level of hardness and compromise my underwear when it shot out the side and tented my shorts.
I caressed the side of her foot and ankle and looked up, hoping my tent wasn't too obvious. "Is this helping?" I asked.
"Yes, that feels really nice, please don't stop," she replied. With a nod toward my lower half and a wicked grin, she continued, "Did I cause that?"
A little self-conscious, I replied, "I'm sorry, I don't mean to be inappropriate..."
"Stand up," she said curtly.
I released her foot and stood, glancing from her face to the tent in my shorts and back again. With a look of concentration, she raised her foot and traced the ridge on the head of my penis with her toe, causing my erection to jump.
"Oh! He's very responsive, isn't he?" she asked.
I could only nod in response, my dick jumping again while she traced it with her toes.
"Mmmm, very firm, and I can feel the heat through your shorts. What would happen if I do this?" she asked, as she planted her other foot on the flatbed and spread her legs.
I was treated to a perfect view of her pussy, and I almost came on the spot. Her bush was trimmed and tidy and she was so wet her lips parted invitingly. As I looked on, a small drop of fluid collected at the bottom of her pussy and threatened to run down to her bumhole.
"Do you mind?" I asked, as I fell back to my knees.
"Oh god, please!" she whispered, and I leaned into her parted legs.
Her scent was intoxicating, and my heart was pounding so hard that my cock was bouncing wildly with each heartbeat. I slowly extended my tongue and captured the droplet before it ran away. Her taste was pure heaven. It was musky and sweet and tangy, all at the same time and I wasted no time lapping up as much of her juice as I could gather with my tongue.
"Shit, you're gonna make me cum!" she exclaimed, as I ran my tongue up and down her lips.
I am not a selfish lover and I love to give and tease more than receive but when it comes to eating pussy, it's all about MY pleasure because I love it so much. It's simply my favourite thing, period.
Eager to taste her cum, I tried my little technique that puts most people over the edge. It doesn't work on everyone, depending on their anatomy, but I slide my mouth up and get a good lip-lock around her pussy, gathering her clit under my upper lip and parting her pussy with my lower lip, then apply gentle suction while I slip my tongue inside her vagina as far as I can reach and dart my tongue in and out while keeping pressure on the top of her tunnel.
With a squeak she grabbed my head and pulled me tight against her pussy and I increased the suction and batted her clit with my tongue. Her juices were flowing steady now and I sucked and swallowed all of it, revelling in the taste of her. This put her over the edge, and she groaned out loud as she raised her bum from the flatbed and mashed my face against her pussy and then she came. Hard. I was overwhelmed by the sweet/salty taste of her cum and as I drank it in, I lost control and shot the biggest load of cum I had ever produced, soaking my shorts and making a puddle on the ground where it dripped down.
Without pausing, I continued my assault on her pussy while she rode out her orgasm. As she slowed down and released my head, I put on my suction lock again, this time gently teasing her pee-hole with my tongue.
"Oh my god, who are you?" she asked.
"I have never come like that in my life. Oh fuck that feels good, don't stop!" she exclaimed.
I pushed my mouth against her pussy a little harder and adjusted my lip-lock to apply gentle suction on her pee-hole while teasing gently with my tongue.
"Oh fuck!" she shrieked, and started riding my face again, her hand pulling me tight to her pussy.
I sucked, teased, swallowed, and did my best to breathe when I could, as her orgasm approached. When I sensed that she was almost there, I increased the suction and shoved my tongue back in her pussy as hard as I could and tried to poke at her g-spot. That did it and she came even harder this time, filling my mouth with her juices.
I lapped it up as gently as I could and she pushed me away, saying, "Please, too sensitive now..."
I stood up, my face dripping wet, and paused while we both caught our breath.
Looking down at my soaked shorts, she asked, "Oh. My. God. Did you cum just from eating my pussy?"
"Yes," I said. "You have the most delicious pussy and when I tasted your cum, I lost it."
"Wow," she replied. "I don't think anyone has ever cum from eating my pussy and not touching themselves, I'm glad you enjoyed it. Maybe next time, I could help."
Hearing that, my cock jumped and suddenly unable to speak, I smiled broadly and nodded.
"Now come on mister, let's get you cleaned up," she said, as she hopped down from the flatbed and took my hand, leading the way back to the parking lot.
"How is your foot?" I asked.
"Oh fine," she said. "I didn't actually hurt it."
"So that was just a show, to..." I said, trailing off.
"I wanted to see what would happen if you got the opportunity."
I just stared at her pretty face and licked my lips, still enjoying every drop of her.