First Voyeuristic Experience

Sniffpanties
storyman@yahoo.com

All these stories are actual events which happened throughtout my
life. I enjoy feedback, so do e-mail me to compliment or insult
my stories.

I had been sniffing panties for close to half a year when an even
more exciting turn of events happened to me. Even now, so many
years later I can still remember it was a Sunday as we went to
church in the morning. My mom was an extremely faithful church
devotee. I and my sister were never allowed to skip church when
we were younger.

As those who follow my stories know, I am an extremely sneaky and
inquisitive person. I love spying on people and voyeurism is
second nature to me. Anyway, it was on a Sunday many years ago
that this interesting incident happened.

My family woke up early on Sunday, as was our custom and went to
church. After the morning service, we went to the nearby shopping
center to shop for groceries. My mom was in a knee length dress
that kept blowing about in the strong wind. On one instance, it
whipped up totally and almost exposed her panties. Luckily for
her modesty, my dad managed to help her push it down before
anyone on the road could catch a glimpse.

However, it was enough to give me a hard on for the whole day. My
mom noticed my repeated fidgeting during lunch and scolded me
"What are you doing son?! Why do you keep fidgeting around? Keep
still and eat your lunch." My mom was always a stern mother who
would tolerate no nonsense from either of her offspring.

After shopping around with my family, I asked my parents if I
could go out with my friends to the nearby arcade to play games.
In actual fact, I wanted to sneak away from my family so that I
could take a smoke with my buddies.

"No, you can't go out today. You need to help your dad and me to
paint the walls, "my mom said. Sighing to myself, I agreed. Our
house was a second hand one and was not in very good shape.

I spent the whole afternoon and evening painting the second floor
with my sister while my parents painted the first floor. While
painting the wall outside my parent's room, I noted that a part
of the wood for the door frame was rotten. Taking a closer look,
I realized that I could actually see directly into my parent's
bedroom with a good view of the bed. My voyeuristic instincts
aroused, I kept this knowledge to myself.

During dinner, I was all tingly and excited about my discovery.
My heart kept beating so hard that I was afraid my parents would
hear it. My sister went to bed slightly after dinner as was her
usual custom, leaving me and my parents watching the news
together in the living room. My mother had just showered and was
dressed in a thin nightie; however she wore a dressing gown over
it. My mom would never be caught dead outside her bedroom without
a dressing gown if she was in her sleeping wear.

After the late night news, my dad yawned and stretched. "Going to
bed now, dear?" he asked my mother. "Ok, sure. You go ahead
first. I'll be up after a drink of water," my mother replied.
"You don't stay up too late either, son. You have lectures
tomorrow," my mom remarked to me. With that, she went into the
kitchen for a drink before going up the stairs.

After I heard my parent's bedroom door close and lock, I ran into
the kitchen and turned on the light. My favorite laundry hamper
lay there invitingly next to the washing machine. My mother had
moved their laundry hamper out from the bedroom into the kitchen
because she wanted to do the laundry the next morning. I started
shifting through the dirty clothes and took out the pair of
panties my mother had been wearing and had just taken off less
than 15 minutes ago. It was a pair of baby blue tangas, and I
could already smell the sweat scent before I even put it to my
nose. This was the pair my mom had worn the whole day, and with
the painting done today, it was also soaked with her sweat and
juices.

I sniffed it and found that it was still damp. I always loved
those panties that had just been taken off. It never failed to
give me the extra burst of adrenaline. I took them and put them
into my pocket before going upstairs. I had a better plan for
them tonight.

I walked over to my sister's room first, to make sure she was
sound asleep. After that, I tiptoed over to my parent's room and
put my eye to the door frame at the gap I had discovered today. I
had an amazing view of the bed, but that was all I could see. I
could not see any other part of the room. Both my parents could
not be seen and I waited patiently.

Soon after, my mom walked into my view. She was dressed only in
her thin nightie now without her dressing gown. I could see her
underwear underneath the sheer material. I was admiring the panty
lines of her briefs when my dad also walked into view naked. His
cock was already hard and he came over to hug my mother.

Slowly, he removed the nightie from my mom's shoulders and it
dropped to the floor revealing her in a matching set of pink bra
and brief panties. They starting kissing and both lay down on the
bed. Dad caressed my mom's tiny tits through her bra and
unclipped it, throwing it on the floor. He then started licking
her nipples. My mom's nipples were a very dark brown and her
areola looked tempting.

This was the first time I had a full look at my mother's body and
I was very aroused. I took out the pair of baby blue panties from
my pocket and started sniffing them while watching. After a while
of caressing and licking mom's breasts, dad's hand proceeded down
to her cunt. He started caressing her cunt through her panties. I
was very happy at that, because I knew that pair of panties would
be very fragrant the day after.

My mother put her hand on dad's hand to stop him caressing before
lifting up her ass and slipping off her panties herself. She
rolled them down her legs and threw them on the floor before
spreading open her legs. I had an awesome view of my mom's cunt
spread apart. Mom had a very hairy bush; it spread out in a
triangle all the way from below her belly button to the crack
between her ass. Mom never shaved, not even her armpits, which
was why she never wore any sleeveless dresses.

Dad placed his cock at the entrance of mom's cunt and slowly
pushed it in. I started gasping as his cock slipped into her cunt
effortlessly. She must have been very wet. From my peeping
sessions later on, I found out that my parents only fucked in the
missionary position and that my mom did not allow any anal or
oral sex as it against her religion. They also did not use any
contraceptives or condoms. Amazingly my parents only had two kids
without such protection. Generally my mother did not like sex
much, but only let dad fuck her because he needed it. My dad was
rather a sexually deprived guy.

Dad started stroking in and out of mom's cunt and I could see his
cock was glistening whenever it came out. I started stroking my
cock in time to his, imagining that it was me in the bedroom
fucking my mother. I also started taking deeper sniffs of the
panties I was holding.

Dad plunged in and out of mom's pussy panting hard the whole
time. Mom moaned in time to his thrustings. It was the first time
I had seen my stern and strict mother in such throes of
enjoyment. After about 20 minutes of kissing, caressing and
fucking, dad gave a loud sigh and thrust hard into mom's cunt.
From the shaking and short thrusts, I could tell that he was
ejaculating into my mother's pussy. Mom also gave a long moan and
hugged dad hard, pressing his cock harder against her pussy. I
came at the same time, shooting my sperm at the wall in front of
me, which was still slightly damp from the fresh coat of paint.

Panting hard, I watched as dad lay cuddled up with mom for a
while. Presently, they got up and mom helped to wipe dad's cock
with tissue before they got dressed and went to bed. I also had
some cleaning up to do before I returned the now scentless pair
of panties back to the laundry hamper and went to bed with sweet
dreams. I had finally seen my mother nude. I had seen her
breasts, her pussy and best of all watched her spread her legs
and get fucked by dad.

To top it all, I would have a nice used pair of her after sex
panties in the hamper tomorrow with a mixture of her cunt juices
and dad's sperm. What else could a horny perverted son ask for?
